BERMUDA. CHAPTER I. KATE LIVINGSTONE stood on the steps awaiting the carriage that was to convey her to a picnic at Walsingham. It was a bright day in May, and the landscape, as viewed from Mount Wyndham, one of the loftiest eminences of Bermuda, pre- sented a scene of rarest loveliness Har- rington Sound glittering in the sunlight, save where the cedar-clad hills flung their shadows in darkest green across its surface, reflecting, also, in its calm bosom the little parish church, lay like a sheet of glass at the foot of the steep; over- hanging it on one side were the bold, precipitous crags called Abbot's Cliffs, above whose summits the white sea-gulls swept in swift circles, awaking the echoes with their wild, discordant notes. Flatts Village, with its mouldering relics of former days, the waters of the Atlantic rolling with deafening roar through the rocky channel, the only outlet to the Sound, bridged over with the native cedar, was picturesquely situated at one end; the romantic shades of Paynter Vale frowned in solemn grandeur at the other. Spreading away to the westward were the smooth hill-sides of Devonshire, with its division wall and Lunatic Asylum in full view. Beyond these rose Somer- set and Southampton, with the spiral lighthouse keeping sentinel on Gibbes Hill. Standing out against the horizon Ireland Island, with its dockyard "glar- ing white" in the rays of the sun; while in the harbour, half circled by its stu- pendous breakwater, lay the convict hulks. Kate regarded the scene with admira- tion, for the love of the beautiful was strong in the girl's heart. As she stood there, her lovely countenance irradiated with happy intelligence, her light, grace- ful figure of fifteen summers set off by the slightest possible intimation of crino- line, she presented a striking contrast to a short, chubby, ugly little brother of ten years, who had just run out and stood impatiently beside her on the steps The generality of persons said that Harry was ugly, for his nose was large and decidedly turned up; his mouth wide displaying a set of irregular teeth; and his ears, which were of an astonish- ing size, stood out like handles for a large head, well stocked with bushy hair. People generally said he was ugly, but Kate never thought so, for a pair of dark, lustrous eyes, beaming from beneath a broad smooth forehead, denoted intellect of no mean order, and Kate loved this ill-looking little brother of hers with all the ardour of an affectionate sister. "So, Miss Kate, you're ready to go, are you?" he began; "but I think that you'll have to wait an hour longer, for mamma has decided to go; so you may just as well come in and practice the polka with me, for if they dance any- where to-night, I suppose the girls will expect me to be their partner." "Oh, Harry," laughed Kate, aroused at the boy's comic seriousness, "I am sure the girls would excuse you if they knew you had such an excellent reason for not asking them. But come along, we'll try once more." The "practice" consisted of a series of patient explanations and remonstrances on the part of Kate, and awkward jumps and springs on that of Harry, who per- sisted that one foot had as much right to go forward as the other, and, conse- quently, he stepped too often on Kate's toes, so that she was heartily glad when they were summoned to get into the carriage. As they descended the hill, a turn in the road brought them in view of a boat which had just rounded the point of Church Bay, and held its course out into the Sound. "That boat is filled with soldiers, papa!" exclaimed Harry, addressing Mr. Livingstone, who had just joined the party. "What are they doing up here? I wish there was a regiment quartered in the parish, and I'd go and join. I'd like to be a soldier." "The soldiers are on the look-out for three convicts who made their escape last week," replied Mr. Livingstone; "they have been through the caves at Walsington and Joyre's Dock, and are now probably going to search Abbot's Cliffs. A high price is offered for the capture of the runaways, for one of them is said to be a most dangerous charac- ter." "I wish I could finnd 'em; I'd give 'em up, and then I'd claim the reward. I would like to have plenty of money," remarked Harry, complacently. "My son, if you could serve your country by delivering up to justice those who have offended against her laws it would be right to do so; but I should hope you would not soil your hands with the money offered as a reward," replied Mr. Livingstone, loftily, for he was a magistrate of the parish, and felt that it became his calling so to speak. "Harry, I am ashamed of you!" said his mother, indignantly, for the weak, delicate lady, was unusually moved. "Harry, if I thought you could be guilty of so base, so cruel an act, as to betray the poor convicts, I think — yes, I do think I could throw you into the Sound," said Kate, vehemently. Harry felt somewhat diminished, but in nowise daunted, he replied — "I thould like to know what you are all at me so for, for if the convicts hadn't deserved to be imprisoned, they would never have been made convicts." "Their punishment may have been just," said Kate; "nevertheless I wish I could help them off. But see, mamma, there are Fanny and Lizzie, and all the other girls standing there, and, if you please, I would rather get out and walk the rest of the distance with them. Leaving Kate with her young compa- nions, the carriage rolled slowly onward. The road wound around the margin of the Sound, and was skirted on either side by the evergreen, cedar, and olean- der, intermixed with the pomegranate and garden sagebush, here and there a palmetto waved its bristling branches in the air, while from the bright foliage of the pride-of- India the scarlet "red birds" sent forth a joyous carol to the May-day sun. Through the trees came glimpses of yellow lemons and oranges, mingled with the delicate tints of the peach, and huge bunches of banana and plaintain drooping ungracefully from the parent stem. Occasionally the wide- spreading branches of the tamarind might be seen overtopping the coffee and blackwood trees that grew in the marshy hollows. CHARTER II. "How are you ? You young folks are fortunate in having such a fine day for your picnic," said Mr. Livingstone, shaking hands with Mr. Mallory, a gen- tleman whose age it was difficult to de- termine from appearances. "A very fine day, indeed, sir, a very day," replied Mr. Mallory, hurrying on to where a bevy of merry- hearted, mis- chief-loving girls were holding court be- neath the branches of a large calabash- tree. There sat Lizzie with the raven locks, and Ella with the berry-brown eyes, and Henrietta casting mischievous glances over Kitty's shoulder, and Nelly with her witching smiles, and scores of others, with Kate reigning queen over all, while at her feet reclined with neg- ligent grace a youth of startling length, with white, curling whiskers, whom the saucy girls dubbed "Radiant." At va- rious distances, seated on benches ranged under the shading cedars, were the graver heads of the party, among whom, however, was Aunt Leila, the gay young wife of old Justice Burchell. Aunt Leila was very fond of going out, and, like most young wives of old gentlemen, always had her own way. Aunt Leila was also very kind-hearted, and, if report spoke truly, many a sad spirit was glad- dened bv the seasonable presents that ofttimes found their way from her well- stocked larder. Further on was an assembly of elderly gentlemen, discussing the farming opera- tions of the country. This party was soon joined by Mr. Mallory, who had failed in producing the effect intended on the hearts of the young ladies, and who, notwithstanding his pompous affec- tation, was an active agriculturist. "How are your crops turning out?" inquired Mr. Livingstone. "Splendidly, sir," replied Mallory; "never had better returns; the arrow- root yielded well, also — twenty-four pounds to the hundred. At this juncture the gentlemen re- ceived intimation that parties were form- ing to go into the caves; so, leaving them to shape their own course, we will join the group of which Kate formed one. The company had separated in various directions, some exploring one cave, some another, and some preferring to stroll about the grounds. Kate, with several of her young companions, de- scended for a short distance into a cave whose opening was shaded by luxuriant convulvulus vines and countless slippery leaves of the life-tree. Clearing these away, sufficient light was admitted to disclose the beautiful stalactites that hung in gorgeous splendor from the roof. "See there," said one of the party, pointing to where the gleam of the deep waters was barely discernible through the gloom, "take care that you don't any of you fall into that water, for there would be no getting you out again, and it would be a sad termination to the picnic." "What capital hiding-places in this cave!" said another. "I wonder if the soldiers have searched through it for the convicts, I do not think they could have done so, for the branches were not turned aside at the opening, and there are no footprints." "No, they have missed this one," said Mallory. "Two of the convicts were recaptured last night, but the other is still at large; likely as not he may be concealed in this cave." "Suppose you take a peep, and see if the convict is there now, Mr. Mallory," said Aunt Leila, mischievously. Before Mallory could comply, had he been so inclined, Kate stepped lightly in the narrow path, exclaiming — "It would be a bold man that would venture to look there for a fugitive, for it would take but a slight push from a man stp?]ing behind that rock to precipitate one into the water; and even if you knew the poor convict to be there, why hunt him out of his hiding-place? Why should you wish to send him back to captivity." Mallory, involuntary bachelor, would rather have won a smile from pretty Kate than a frown; and assuming an air of innocence, he replied — "I should hope you would not think for one moment, Miss Livingstone, that I could betray his place of concealment, supposing I were acquainted with it!" "Kate is standing forth as champion for the convicts," shouted a little urchin at the top of his voice. "Oh, Kate, wouldn't you be glad to hear he was taken?" asked timid little Carrie Bell; "I am sure I should, for I am so dreadfully afraid now, at night, that I cannot venture to go from one room to another by myself." "I do not see that they deserve so much sympathy, Kate," said one of the party; "for if they had not been wicked men, they would not have been con- victed." "Of course, they must have deserved some punishment," answered Kate; "but an offence that here in Bermuda would be punishable with perhaps three months' imprisonment in the gaol, in England would be punished with transportation for ten or fifteen years, or perhaps for life. I believe a great many of them become worse after they are sent out than ever they were before." "No doubt of that, Miss Kate," said an old gentleman who had just entered when Kate commenced speaking; "you easily seem very much interested in the convicts; shouldn't wonder if you were to help them off if you could." "I hope I should not be wanting in kindly sympathy for the misfortunes of any fellow-creature, sir," replied Kate; "and for the poor convicts I do feel great pity, for I think their fate is par- ticularly sad, and I frankly confess that if I had an opportunity, I would not only treat them kindly, but also restore to them their liberty." "Hark to the echoes," said amiable Lucy Kelly. "Mr. Clermont give us a song: it will sound finely through these reverberating caverns." A youth of graceful mien thus ad- dressed, leaning against one of the nu- merous pillars that rose irregularly on every side, complied in a rich, melodious voice, and "McGregor's Gathering," rolled grandly along the crystalline sides and arches of the subterraneous recesses, shouted and prolonged by a thousand echoes. The song concluded amid en- thusiastic acclamations of applause, and was succeeded by one from Mallory, after which the company decided to adjourn to "upper regions." Kate lingered a moment in the vain endeavour to detach a glittering fossil that hung temptingly within reach of her hand, and almost shrieked with terror when the gaunt form of a man, with sunken eyes, and sharp, attenuated features, stepped from behind the ledge of rock and grasped her arm as he said, in a hollow voice — "I thank you for the kind words for the poor convicts, young lady; but oh, for the love of Heaven, give me some food, for I am starving. Do not trem- ble, lady: what have you to fear from a poor wretch who seeks but his liberty?" "I will, indeed, bring you food," said Kate; "but it may not be for hours, or your retreat may be discovered. What chance of escape have you?" "Alas! none; my unfortunate com- rades, I learn, have been taken, and there is no chance for one to escape alone." "Back, back for your life," faltered Kate, as footsteps approached; "I will come again, but wait." "Miss Kate, where are you?" was shouted by the ringing voice of Redman Apowen, alias Radiant. "Here, trying to break off this fossil. Come and do it for me, will you?" "Most certainly, my divinity; I would throw myself into that fathomless pool at your command." "I'll test your devotion, then, at the very first chance I get," laughed Kate. "And now, as you have secured my treasure, you can lead me out of this damp region." For the remainder of that day Kate's manner was nervous and abstracted. At length Harry tapped her on the arm, and said — "Kate, come over to that big tree with me, for I've something to show you. I haven't anything to show you at all," continued he, when they had reached the spot designated; but this is a nice secluded place, and no one can come near without our seeing them; and I've something to tell you." "What is your secret, then, Harry?" "Well, I saw the print of a man's foot in a place where none of our party went." "And, Harry, if you knew that the convict was really there, would you be- tray him?" "No, indeed," answered Harry, the colour rising to his cheek; "I feel as you do about it now, Kate, and only wish I could help them away." "Well, then, Harry, there really is a convict there. I stopped a little behind the others, and he came to me and asked for food; I had nothing to give him then, but promised he should have some, and now I do not know how to get it to him without anyone seeing; and, indeed, what I have been able to hide in my handkerchief will not be sufficient to relieve the poor fellow's hunger, for he said he was starving." "I can get into the cave, I daresay, without being missed, for there are plenty of us, and I'll get some sand- wiches too. And Kate, can't you think of some plan for us to get him out of the cave into a place of safety?" "I have been thinking of it all day, Harry; and now that I have you to help me, perhaps such a thing may be possible." The company began to disperse at an early hour, and the young people were invited to the hospitable mansion of Aunt Leila to conclude the picnic (as picnics always should be concluded) with a dance. Kate preferred going home first, pro- mising to return afterwards. As she and Harry laid aside their hats and cloaks in the lobby they concerted their plans for action. It was agreed that they should walk over to the cave at night, if no danger threatened: they would call in a low voice for the convict to come forth, attire him in a suit of Mr. Livingstone's clothes, and conduct him to their own house, to which there was a loft attached, in which (it being seldom looked into) they thought he might safely remain for several days. The darkness of the night would favour their plan. "Shall we, or shall we not, tell papa and mamma?" "We must not," answered Harry "for papa is a magistrate, and it would, injure him dreadfully if it should ever be found out that he knew that there was a convict harboured about his house, and only the thought of such a thing would throw mamma into fits. There won't be any mistake about it, either," continued he, "for when I went in to- day I told him that if I came back to- night, and everything was arranged, I would say, 'Robin Hood,' and if he was there, and ready to come out, he must say, ' Little John.' " Everything succeeded, as was ar- ranged, and two hours after the arrival of Aunt Leila's other guests, Kate and Harry joined the throng. Once, while seated in an alcove with Redmon Apowen, with whom she had just been dancing, she sought an opportunity to discover his sentiments with regard to the escape of convicts, for Redmon was master of a small sloop, in which he oc- casionally made a trip, and Kate knew that the vessel was now getting ready to sail in a day or two, and her hope lay in an endeavour to induce Redmon to con- cur in her plan to convey the fugitive to the American shores. She found him good hearted, notwithstanding his ab- surdities, and at Kate's earnest solicita- tion he consented to use every means to get him safely away from the island. "And now, Miss Kate," said Redmon, "as I have undertaken the hazardous service to please you, may I hope that, at no very distant period, you will re- ward me with your priceless hand?" Kate paused ere she replied, and then said, "I cannot promise that, Mr. Apowen, but this much I will say, that I have no preference for anyone, and if, when we have both grown older, such should still be your wish, your chance will be as good as anyone's else." In two days Redmon Apowen's trim little cedar-built vessel was ready for the voyage, and as all the parties acquainted were favourable to the plot, it was a com- paratively easy matter to convey the convict on board; and Kate breathed freely once more when she saw the little yacht, with swelling sails, stand boldly out to sea. She stood at a south window watching it for hours, as it passed around the island, until it became like a mere speck on the horizon, and thanked Hea- ven that all danger of detection was pro- bably at an end. Suspicion was, however, afloat, and the next day the Government steamer, the Kite, was dispatched in pursuit, and Kate was tortured with the most anxious apprehensiens until her return, after a three days' fruitless chase. In somewhat less than three weeks the little sloop again glided gracefully up the North Side, and Kate received the joyful intelligence that their conspiracy had succeeded admirably; and she after- wards learned that from his own hard earnings the generous Redmon had paid the fugitive's passage to his native land in a ship that had actually sailed for England before he shaped his own home- ward course. CHAPTER III. The scene was changed; it was an eve of bright and glowing sky, when all the elite of the colony, with a gay sprinkling of the naval and military forces, were assembled at Clarence Hill, the seat of the Admiralty. Five years had passed away, and Kate mingled with the throng in all the radiant beauty of womanhood. Those five years had brought sad changes to Kate. Good Mr. Livingstone and his delicate lady had passed to the bitter world, and Harry, her stout-hearted brother, adopted by a distant relative in England, was work- ing his way nobly through college; and Kate herself had found a home in the family of a wealthy uncle, who resided in the town of Hamilton. But her place was no sinicure, she was too right- thinking to lead a life of idle dependence, she had undertaken the education of three fretful little cousins. To-night she stood amid the throng in all the glit- tering splendor which the pride of a wealthy uncle could suggest; but her thoughts went back to the days when she roamed with the joyous companions of her youth over the green valleys and breezy heights of her own native village, and her heart grew sad. She quitted the saloon, and stood on the colonnade, gazing on the ocean, whose waves were dancing in the moon- light. Voices fell on her ear, and the director approached and introduced the "lion" of the evening, Sir Conrad de Norville. As he did not immediately ask her to dance, she remained a while in conversation on the beauty of the scenery, the climate, the defences of the colony, and, finally, the subject of the convicts was introduced, whose prison vessels lay in clear view before them. Kate answered carelessly, and her com- panion fell into a deep reverie. Suddenly he gazed earnestly on her face, and said, in a voice tremulous with emotion, "May I ask if I speak to Kate Livingstone?" "You do, sir," replied Kate, with sur- prise. "Were you one of a party who, five years ago, visited a cave situated in a country part of this island?" "I was, sir," was almost inaudibly answered. "Did you know that a convict who had escaped from prison was seeking re- fuge at that time in the cave?" Kate was silent, and her companion proceeded — "Are you the young lady who sheltered him then, and subsequently effected his escape from the colony?" "Yes," faltered Kate, grasping the railing to support her trembling frame. "Then, noble girl," said the stranger bending on his knees before her, "re- ceive the gratitude of his son, for it was my father, banished by foul calumny from his native land, whom you restored to home and liberty. That father has sunk into the grave, but not before the foul blot was erased from his name, and his country sought to crown with hon- our her son whom she had so cruelly wronged. Obeying his dying injunc- tion, I have sought you in your high- land home to tell you of the happiness which you and your brave hearted bro- ther have bestowed on his sorrowing family; and I am charged to bear to you my mother's blessing, who prayed that her eyes may be gladdened with the sight of the noble girl who has restored peace to her heart." The sequel can soon be told. 'In a few weeks Kate bade good-bye to her relations, and departed for the shores of England. There she was joyfully greeted by her brother, and as Lady de Norville, received a daughter's welcome in the home of the convict. Redmon Apowen's generous services were not forgotten. He was pressingly invited to visit the De Norvilles in England, and at Kate's urgent entreaty consented to pursue a professional education at Cam- bridge, where he graduated with honour, and subsequently married a distant branch of the De Norville family, by whom the bride was magnificently portioned. DEATH OF A HEROINE. — The North- ern Ensign records the death at Strom- ness, some days since, at a very advanced age, of a woman whose early history was one of unnusual romance. Her name is Isabella Gunn, and when a young wo- man she was courted by a youth who en- gaged in the service of the Hudson's Bay Company, and left his intended under the customary protestations of fidelity and due return to make her his own. In those days it was a far more difficult and slow process to communicate with Hudson's Bay; and whether the young man remained faithful or not, certain it is that Isabella did not hear from him for several years. Hope deferred made the heart sick, and the promptings of her loving and confiding heart suggested to her the idea of going in person in search of her long absent lover. Fe- males were not in request by the Hud- son's Bay Company, and accordingly Isabella determined on assuming the dress of a man, and on endeavouring to obtain a passage by the ship that would first sail from Stromness for the far west. Accordingly, in a spring more than fifty years ago she left Orkney, in due time reached Hudson's Bay, and wrought some time before her sex was discovered, all the while earnestly enquiring after her lover, but in vain. On the deception being found out, she was at once ordered to return, which she did by the first op- portunity, reaching Stromness in safety, and living there unwedded and faithful to her fickle lover to the day of her death. THE PLAGUE OF ALMANACS. — The world is afflicted with almanacs; society and the printers are mad about almanacs. Almanacs infest one's house like paper ghosts. Everybody publishes an almanac now-a-days, and everybody ex- pects you to take what he publishes. My stationer round the corner is sure to send me in his unreadable little almanac with the first shilling packet of flimsy creamlaid that I may have been rash enough to order; my patent medicine vendor wraps up my box of pills in his special version of the yearly seasons; my perfumer generally gives me his scented with my bottle of British eau de Cologne; my illustrated newspaper has its illustrated almanc, which I am bound to buy; my comic periodical has its comic almanac, which I am also bound to buy; my insurance office has its broad sheet, which I am forced to put up in my study; four rival prophets preach woe and desolation in my ears, and I am tempted by patriotic zeal to learn what is to be the fate of my beloved country, at a cost varying from a penny to half- a-crown, while my graceless young sons brings me in a handful of French trash, of which I, as a Britsh father, can make neither head or tail, nor can I discern any point or humour in the whole batch. Humour? Sir, the French have no hu- mour. That poor pitiful stuff of theirs called wit is nothing but thin, sour, blue- port-wine-flauoured growth dear to Englishmen. Here is a pile of them. I will draw them at hazard. — All the Year Round. SKETCH FROM THE "TRENT." — "An Officer of the Trent," understood to be Mr. C. P. Savage, of Belfast, has pub- lished a narrative of the boarding of that ship by the sailors and marines of the San Jacinto. Several passages will be read with interest, and these we extract: —"The lieutenant was asked if he was aware that her Majesty's mails were on board, that he was violating the law of neutrality, that his commander had done what might entail the most serious con- sequences. He knew it all perfectly, and so did his commander; but have the bodies, dead or alive, of Messrs. Mason, Slidell, Eustis, and McFarland, he would. One of the ladies, a most charming person, threw herself before the captain, and implored him, with clasped hands, not to allow her husband to be dragged from under the British flag. At last the final question was put 'If we refuse to give these men up, what course will you adopt?' Take possession of the ship, and if you steam ahead, sink you; we will have these men at all risks. When the lieutenant — Fairfax by name — said he felt for them, for that he was a Southern himself, Mr. Mason's answer as he turned on his heel was, 'Then, sir, I am very sorry for you." In the meantime the foreigners, of whom we had numbers of all ranks and de- nominations, were clustered about in knots, aghast at the insolence of the Americans, and having the most im- plicit faith in the efficacy of the ensign that floated from our peak. Of course there was a great deal of nonsense talked, and some ridiculous ideas pro- posed — covering these men over with the Union Jack, or throwing the ensign in the gangway to see if they dared cross it. In the midst of the confusion that reigned, I could not help being struck and feeling a glow pride that these men, of all countries, should so openly show their dependence on the fact of that flag floating from aloft. Twice, in the con- fusion, the marines came on the quarter- deck, and were ordered back again to wait for orders. The orders from the main-deck were that the delegates were to be taken, dead or alive. They seve- rally and emphatically declared that they must be removed by force, for as to going voluntarily from a British ship that was out of the question. Moderate force was accordingly used. I do not mean for a moment to say that the un- fortunate victims were dragged, kicking and striking, out of the entry port. They simply resisted, having to be dragged a few steps by marines, and then gave in to superior numbers and the force of circumstances. The scene at the separation of Mr. Slidell from his family was intensely moving. Mr. Sli- dell had been in his cabin writing. When the moment came for him to sur- render himself to the lieutenant of the San Jacinto, his daughter threw herself into her father's arms, and held him as though her single strength would have sufficed to save him. The naval agent sent out the men of the American vessel trusting that in a little time the young lady would be calmed. Of course this could not last long, and so at last, with the gentlest violence we could use, we held her pretty little wrists, endued with five times their natural strength, while her father, breaking the glass of his window, escaped out of the cabin in that manner. Then the poor girl gave way, and sobbing and crying, was carried to her cabin imploring to be allowed to see her father 'just once more.' As regards the officers who came from the San Jacinto I must say that they behaved with feeling, and in a gentlemanly man- ner, constantly repeating that they were very sorry, but they must obey orders. One officer was asked what he thought they would say in Washington? He said, 'he guessed, they had put their foot in it.' The first lieutenant said, 'he was very sorry, and had tried at Havannah to get quit of so mean a job.' The marine officer was asked what he thought the British Government would say? His reply was more characteristic. He said, 'well, I calculate the lion will roar a bit, but he won't bite.' " 