COUNTRY DISTRICTS. f.: ? ?? — o — Night Travelling.— The journey upwards from Sydney to the Laehlan, under the present jnode of regulating the stages, is a very haras sing one, and involves the necessity of travellers remaining three nights bedless, as owing often times: to the late arrival of the upward Sydney mail in Bathurst, the coach thence to Crange ha3 to travel through the late night, and arrives at that township jus1: in time to prolong the lourney to Forbes so far into the following ii»ht as frequently to preclude the passengers from obtaining lodging. A few evenings ago a number of females arrived at the Forbes Hotel under these circumstances, and as every bed in the house was taken up and the inns of the \- town were all closed, they were under the neces ? Bity, after a most harassing journey, of eitting Jjy the fire during the night. It has been Suggested to us, and the suggestion appears to Jbe a reasonable one, that by the coach leaving Bathufsfc on the morning after the arrival from Sydney, the passengers would enjoy a night's rest, and would be ableto proceed to Toogong and thence on the following day to the diggings, where they would arrive in sufficient time to provide themselves with lodgings. The night journey, moreover for a number of miles out side the diggings is a dangerous one, there being no regular track, the country moreover 'being 'encumbered with logs, stumps or trees and felled timber, rendering necessary number less stoppages and capsizes frequently imminent. The subiect is one worthy of publrc considera tion. — Laehlan Odserver. Confirmation, — His Grace Archbishop Pol fl ing left Sydney on Tuesday evening, 3rd instant, on a visitation tour to the Southern Districts, and reached Goulburn early in the afternoon of Saturday. He was accompanied by the Rev. Mr. Athy. Next day, Sunday, ho officiated at 8 o'clock Mass in the Church of S.S. Peter and Paul. At 11 o'clock, High Mass was celebrated Jby the Rev. Father McAlroy assisted by the jRev. Father Foley and the Rev. Father Athy. When Mass was concluded, his Grace assumed the insjgnia of his office and seated himself on the faldstool placed before the altar. After reading the Epistle suited for Whit Sun day (Acts ii., 1st to 11th verse), the right Rev. Prelate took his text from the 8th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, 17th verse — 'Then they laid their hands upon Jhem ; and they received the Holy Ghost'— and delivered a highly eloquent and impressive discourse At its close he administered the sacrament of Con firmation to 100 female! and 50 males, princi pally children of the inhabitants of Goulburn and vicinity. He then explained at some length the obligations which the recipients of this Sa crament lay under and the duties which, as, - soldiers of Christ, they were expected 'to perform. He also, strongly urged the necessity of provi ding a first class school for the education of tjatuolic Doys. xne episcopal Deneaiction was then given, and the Benediction of the Holy Eucharist followed. The congregation, which was very numerous, separated about half-past 2 o'clock. On Monday his.Graoe visited the Con vent school, with which he was much pleased ; he also paid a visit to hew Convent building and the goal, and started yesterday (Tuesday), about 11 o'clock, on his journey South, He. proceeds to Yass, and thence to Albury, visiting the sur rounding districts ; and on his way back to Sydney porposes spending a snort time at Bur rangong and tho Laehlan. The Archbishop's health and spirits appeared to be both good for his time of life.' — Goulburn Chronicte, July U . On Tuesday last, the children who attend regularly the Catechism class on Sunday at the Sacred Heart were treated to a tea-party at the Female Home. There could not . have been less than 400 present. Those ladies who had presided the evening before at the grand tea-party kindly volunteered their services also on this occasion, and attended upon the children. From the school-room they walked in procession to the Hall, singing hymns. A most pleasant afternoon was spent by these children, who, after partaking of their repast, amused themselves in various ways in the green attached to the Home. While speaking of the district of the Sacred Heart, we may mention thit the subscriptions for the enlargement of the church on Sunday evening exceeded £100. We omitted to state in our report of the tea-party that the Ven. Archdeacon M'Encroe was among the number of the guests. By an additional telegram we have news from London to the 2nd May. There were 30,000 persons present at the opening of the Great Exhibi ? ? tion the 1st of May ; the ceremony was most brilliant and imposing, the music triumphantly successful. New York, April 1/th. The Federal General Grant reports the battle of Corinth to have been unsatisfactory. He computes his at 1500 killed, and 3500 wounded. Many guns Vrere captured. The number of prisoners taken is not stated. On the other hand, the Confederate General, Beauregard, claims a great victory, and and announces 10,000 prisoners, and 36 guns to be in the- hands of .the Southern troops, General M'Clellan was still preparing to attack Yorktown. Commander Hort was attacking Fort Pillan, Mis sissippi. ' . ........ . New York, April 21st. 'The Federals have, occupied New Market, and attacked Forts Jackson and Phillip, guarding tke approaches to New Orleans. M'Clellan had shelled 'Yorktown, but without effect. The Federals were rapidly advancing in the direction of Richmond, the capital of the Confederacy, and bad occupied FrederickBbuij!. The Confederate* had retired from ghendndoah Valley to Goldolshi, ~ 