CHARLIE THOBNHILL; OR, TIXE DUIfOE OX1 THE F13IWT (From Baily's Magazine.) Chapter XIII. OUR HOLIDAY. 'And this beauteous morn (The prim'Bt of all tho rear) presents me with A brace of horses.'— Ttco Jfolile Kinsmen, Act III., Scene 1. Locko remarks that time is a ' conf ideratlon of duration, as set out bj certain periods, and marked by certain measures or epochs.' Wo havo no inclination to call in, question this definition. It is rather arbitrary in some cases. The sportsman marks it probably by Buch days as tho 12th of August, the 1st of September, or of November, or by such local associations ns tho iiiguiauus, ^torioiK, i\\.iruy uuie, uim iuu xvciwj. Servants, I apprehend, by tho month ; a month's wages, or a month's warning. Young Rapid by his Christmas bills; and schoolboys by their holidays— hebdomadal, trimestrial, or semestrial, as the case may be. No man is bo fortunate as to forget it altogether. We may cut the acquaintance of tho hoary veteran with his scythe for days, months, years, if we always pay ready money, or not at all -.but ho will not bo denied in tola, lie makes our acquaintance inevitably, and bows out at last. Charlie know nothing about it, excepting on two great occasions— summer and winter vacation. Then ho mot his brother Tom, rode his own mare, or Tom's horses: shot rabbits with tho keeper : went to town to see the pantomimes: enjoyed juvenile county society at tbo county houses; and was considered presentable nt an archery meeting, or a pic-nic; when ho dutifully laid the cloth, unharnessed tho horses, put down tbo cushions, boiled the kettle, and made himself generally useful, as boys should do. As vacation after vacation came and went, Charlio Thornhill increased in stature and popnlarity, and confirmed the good opinion that had been formed of him. His friendship with Dacro continued uninter rupted from Iho date of the circumstances detailed in the last chapter. Tho one seemed never to forget the obligation ho was under, tbo other had forgotten every thing connected with it, save tho impression of pro tection, which it appeared to havo left upon his mind. Having once saved his life, Charlio considered it an incumbent duly to make it as beneficial to him ns possible. Teddy Dacro had left Charlie standing still, in the scholastic raco: socially the positions ?wero reversed. It was not his physical strength which was greater, nor talent which was less, than that of Dacro, but it was tho forco of character nnd habit. They were iust in tho samo position as when Dacro U3ed to tell Charlie about his sisters, and when Charlio fished Dncre out of the stream. ' A noto for Mr. Tbornhill,' Eaid John, Iho doctor's own man, ns he throw open, tho door ol the hall; 'where's Mr. Thornhill?' 'Not hero, John, but as you seem rather groggy about tho pin3, I'll take it for you,' replied a very pre cocious-looking young gentleman as ho scrutinised John's crooked legs. John did not think an encounter of wits worth his timo, so retired, gravely placing the note upon tbe table to take its chance. ' I say, Forester, where's Thornhill?' 'How should I know?' ' Well, you had better find out pretty quickly, nnd take that note, or you may get a licking. 1 think I know where it csmes from: it's to ask him out for holiday Sunday.' ' How do you know that?' said Forester. 'Because I know that old Thorougbgood meant to ask Charlio Thornhill to tho steeplechase on Saturday, and I saw Ida groom in tho school lane. Ho wants Thornhill to rido ono of tho ponies: sojUBt be off with the noto at once, young fellow, or you'll got a licking. If ho's not in Dswson's study, .he's at old Mother Shipley's; she keeps his dog.' And true enough at old iuoioer onipiey a was unuriie, rcguun); unuacu uuu Snap on a stewed boefsteak, and anxiously inquiring after some rats, which might have been intended for meat pies, to judge of the tone in which the request was urged. They were really to decido tho merits of a rough-coated terrier, and tho smooth highly- bred bull which Charlie was fondling and feeding alternately. Tho note proved to be from old Squiro Thoroughgood to ask Thornhill, with somo half-dozen of his echool fellows, to spend what was called Holiday Sunday at tho Cliff, a charming spot about ten miles from tho Bchool, and an especial favourito with all the boys. Thoro lived Squiro Tlioroughgood— an honest, indepen danf, country gentleman of the old school. lie had a good estate, a good-looking family of flvo boys, a clear conscience, and an admirablo digestion. Ho was a man of middle size, about sixty years of age, white-haired and frcab- complcxioned, well-built, and active for bis age, still an adept at all sports, and encouraging their practico in every man, woman, or child whom he could convert to his theory. Ho bcliovcd that nothing in tho world equalled fox-hunting— that in it was inherent evory virtue; above all others, truth and courage. In fact, ho scarcely believed in their existence apart from it. So far did ho carry his principle, that when com pelled to admit that tho bishop of tho diocese wns an honest man and a gentleman, lrj-fllways asserted that tho bishop was a sportsman by disposition and taste, and only prevented by the peculiar circumstances of his case from subscribing largely to the county hound'. All his sons wero taught to regard hunting, shooting, and fishing 03 equivalent to Sir William Curtis's three R* in point of utility, and far beyond them in every other respect. There was always a stablo full of horses and ponies down to the rough exmoor of the youngest boy, who was now, howovcr, about fifteen, and promoted to a clever well-bred animal, fourteen hands and a half high, with considerable preten-.jns as a hunter. Once every year, on a particular holiday Sunday, it was this gentle man's pleasuro to send to Dr. Graham'* for a detach ment of schoolboys, wbosa known propensities had rendered them friends of tbe young Tlioroughgoods, or favourites of the squire : and the course of proceeding was ia accordance with tho old gentleman's notions of what was right. The holiday Sundny extended from Friday night until Monday morning at ten a m., at which timo every boy was oxpected to be again in fcliool. Excuses were unknown; distance was no apology: illness alono constituted anything like a valid reiuon for absence. Saturday was therefore tho day ;).'()? excellence, nnd Mr. Thorougbgood took care that it should be a pleasant ono. On tho present occasion, as heretofore, the grand climax was a boys' steeplechase. Considering that Mr. Thoioughgood was a country gentleman, and neither a dealer nor a proprietor of u travelling circus, things looked pretty favourable for sport. There wero three good hunting galloways in the establishment, which, without being in racing condition, were quite capable of galloping two or threo miles over a country, with a proper weight on them ; and two inoro had been eout from a dealer's stablo in the neighbourhood, not quite so fit to go, but no bad conveyances for a couple of schoolboys, whoso purses nnd stomachs would be nono tlio lighter if they did como in half a field behind tho rest. Besides, tliero was always the chance of a tumble : mi' vunj, ivuijuuiib in uisunu oniii,aa ivii|j IMS uis jiuny was certain to jump, would bavo taken any sort of odds that carao within tbo bounds of possibility. On Friday afternoon, accordingly, Mr. Tliorougbgood's phaolon, licensed on great occasions to carry six little men, the groom, and live schoolboys, conveyed a tolerably noisy Saity from tho school gates to tho Cliff, whero tho ospitable squiro, with a son or two on either side, was waiting to welcome bis juvenile guests. 'Now, boys, bo off to your rooms: dinner, Sharp, in half an hour,' and out cama boys and carpet bags with an equal celerity. 'Mind that bag,' saidDacrc, 'there's a pot cf patent blacking for my black boots.' 'Now then, stupid,' said Wilkinson to another, 'don't sit upon that — .you'll crush my tops:' whilst Charlie Thornhill, quito awake to the emergency, collared his own property, and was soon mounting towards bis bedroom, leaving his comrades to follow, which they soon did. Every ono had a culling whip, and two out of the five baa to open their bags with a penknife, having left their koys bahind. Dinner passed off as fuch dinners must It was evidently a bye-day. Tboro was plenty to eat and drink, and a bottle or two of champagne enlivened the conversation of tho youngsters; but it was manifest that thoserioiiB business of tbo mectinc: was deferred, in every respect, till tho morrow. Ono thing Charlio heard, and which somehow gave him a new interest in the pro ceedings: Iho Misses Ducro wero stayiug in tho neighbour!: nod, and his curiosity would bo gratified as they wero V- be of the squire's party for the dsy. Tho surpriso did not seem to utfcct Teddy Dacro to an equal extent, who had somo iniigivings on tho Bcoro of his horsemanship, and did not appreciate feminine badinage, of which ho was pretty certain to fall in for his fhnre. A very jovial gamo at whist, in which each told Ilia partner pretty plainly the state of his hand before play ing, and in which there wns nono of thnt villanous- ro trospection of tho gamo so common amongst amateurs, but in tbo present case quito beyond tho limited powers ot tuo party, closed tlio ovoning, and Wilkinson, retiring oarly to look nt his breeches, whioh had been fabricated from a pair of whito moleskin trousers for tho occasion, nnd Teddy Dacro lo piliah his boots with the very best patent French varniab, and which could not bo trusted to any hands but his own, tbo party broke up and retired to rest. Mornings always shine brightly upon schoolboys when there's no particular reason lor tlio contrary. To-dny nobody could have seen a cloud. Jt was enrly spring; and March was for Iho present enacting thelainb. Evory one of tho llvo had been out of bed before dnybreak to aeo what sort of a day it was likely to be; nnd each had returned to bed fully persuaded that it was sure to rain, until tho light gray morning eased thtlr minds of that anxiety. ' Como in,' said Thornhill, ns a knock camo fo the door. 'Whutin tho world do you want Teddy?' and tho misty outlino of Mnster Edward Dacro in a white Blurt with black arms matlo its appearance iu Tlioruhill's room. ' It can't bo time to got up yet.' ' Well, I don't think it Is, quite,' said the other, a? ho nervously twitched up a pair of drawers, nnd eat down at th« foot of the bed. 'Do you know theso colours of mine are uncommonly coid? I don't think shirt sleeves aro quite the thing for tho middle of March.' 'But you'll iooa bo warm enough if yon should happen not to get into the brook, which George Thorougbgood says is quito full of water: tho governor's delighted, because he eayB thero's no danger of broken backs. If you're not hot enough, put n couple of Jerseys under neath. But why didn't you borrow somo colours j you could eaiily hnvo got them? I had somo sent to mo from Turner, Sir Frederick Matston's trainer, as soon as I got scent of tlio thing.' .-is» ?'How does it look, Cnorlio; not very bad does it ? 'Bad I not at all. You're quito a swoll compared to Russell. Ho's Bew«d two scarlet sleeves on o a blaeK cloth waistcoat. It has a very sporting look beforo, not quito up to tho mark behind. I wish to goodness I could get off riding, Charlio.' Hero Charlie sat bolt upright in bed in thorough bewilderment. My sister Edith docs chaff so, you can't think. I wonder whether Georgo Thoroughgood would let mo off, and rido forme?' . ,. ' Bless your innocent heart, my dear boy ; he can t rido tho weight bv two stone. Besides, what would tho Squiro say ? It isn't honest, Teddy : 'pon my word it isn't.' '1 don't sco that.' , 'Why, you camo hero, and ato your dinner, nnd brought your trnps.nnd you've madoyourshirt into n sort of Prussian sentry-box, and you're going to breaKtasi; and of course all that's Iho samo thing as entering for it. It's deceiving the Squiro. You aro such n Bbitiv bird, Teddy ; and all because you'ro afraid of a woman. Ana hero tho speaker curled himself up again, and gavo a grunt indicativo of fatigue. 'Yes; and so would you bo afraid ii you knew ' I don't know about that,' said Charlie, with some few misgivings on tho subject; ' but I know this, slio wouldn't put mo off from such a jolly lark as wero going to have to day. Why, there are two and-tbirty fences, lota of timber, a double post and rails, and tho brook, as I told you before, quito full of water. Only just fancy 1' And it was a lovely picture certainly ; but Teddy Dacro did not seem to take so cheerful a view of it in his shirt and drawers as Charlio Thomuill from underneath tho bed-clothes. CiiArrEn XIV. THE STEEPLECHASE. ' Teach tbo youtli tiles of fl-ht, and grace Ills earliest tent of field or chase.' Lady of the Lake, c v1. 1, ' Here they come, nt last,' said old Thorougbgood, pretty nearly tirod of waiting for his bronklnat, nn tho clock Blruck n quarter lust nine, ona full quarter of nn hour boyond his usunl timo. The old gcntlcmnn might hnvo been justifiably vexed nt tho delay, nnd with nny other porson would havo been so ; but a Echnolboy wns to him what a tortoiseshell c*t is to Aunt Tabitba— it breaks nothing,' It steals nothing, it inconvenioncci no one, it on do no wrong. ' I bpg you a thousand pnvdone, Bir,' snid nur hero, walkine slivlv into t ho hnnkfaBt room ; ' I really wns so tired.' And hero wo may rom«k that the pleasure of lying in bo I constitutes one of the supreme blessings of a schoolboy's holiday. He hna no idea, while nt school, of any pleasures wliich necessitate the ordinary inlcs of rising. Ten minutes niny do, a qunrtcr of nn hour mny do, but half an hour h better to bienk the ilelution of the chnpel bell. On the morning in question, It is but fair to iny no such dereliction to their charge. They wore all of them up, nil of them had performed their ablutions in goad time; but Ihe encn'ing themselves in their nerv and heterogeneous costumes wns a servico of consilcrablo uncertainty, nnd involved, in most cases, same ingenious contrivances Large trousers had to be drawn into light breeches; narrow boots had to eneirclo nidc-spreading pantaloons. Tho long had to bo rcado short nnd tho short long. There weru ns many button hooVB nt ono timo n» there -were buttouB. The msistnnce of the VBlet was scion les regies; but wo enn scarcely recount tbe fart without blushing, that, from tho old housekeeper down to tlio very youngest, tlio kitchen maid, every on e of them bud n ilnjjor in the pic. Uef rto ? tory tops catno up too liich, nnd sproad themselves widoly, 'but not too woll,' about the calves that should hnvo boon, or perchanco now are! Equally obstinalo breeches relnECd tlio meeting. Each scciucd to have stopped iuto nnothor's shoes, whether they fitted or not; nnd t!:e fitness of things depended, for tho firat timo, upon the length of nn elder brother. Before long, how ever, thoy had all followed Charlie Thornhill, nud were passed in review bsfore 'fc'quire Thoroiifibpood nnd his son9, wjiose curiosity had beeu roused to sco whothertho devices for Btccplcchnsing costume wero moro or less ingenious than those of provious years. Thoy proved to ho nearly upon n pir with those of their predecessors. Charlie, indeed, by tho addition of nn extrn pair of woollen stockings, made nn nppenrnnco not unworthy of his Fporting reputation; nnd tho harlequin jacket he had borrowed, with its black cap, though a little tight across the shoulders, pre-eminently qualified him for taking tlia load. Wilkinson enmo next in otder nnd in weight, nnd, as far'ns his purplo and orango jacket was concerned, preteuted n very tolerable appearance; but having hirod his tops of the pojtboy nt. ''Ihe Drnjion of Wnntlcy,' at n moment's notice, hie legs had n melodramntic ni'poir ance, between Charles II. and a French Jacobin. Dncro's Blmt wss declared to bo nn ndnnrablo sutmituto for me white nnd blnck family colours, which itwnB intended lo represent; and with Ills Wellincton boots, wliich Had been vnrnUhcd to n turn from bottom to top, nnd coaxed to meot n rather shrunken pnir of lc&thors;, tho cinly ono* in tho pnrty, euve him a not unflattering r- semb'anco to a magpif. Billy Rmscll, or 'Tho Honourable William,' ai he wns called, made the most of n mtlier limited ward robo: l.e hod tho b'.ack o'.oth woUtcoatand icarlcts'covos already noticed, nnd had dolihoratcly thrust into a pair of top-boots of antiquated form his white cord trouscis, on to which n pictty housemaid, bribed by half a crown and a kits, had been employed far half nu hour in sowing uiothcr-of- pearl button?, to givo nn nppcaranco of ? entity, which was only nvnilnblc nt Ion? distances: whilst the llght-wclglit of tho paity, littlo Tommy BusvMo, in the most correct -f breeches nnd boots, with Ilia black jneket and cap, wns liailcd by universal nrclnilalion m tho swell. Vory nent, indeed, ho looktd; nnd if Tommy's pluck had only eqnnlled UU clojnnce, there cjn bo no iristakc n* to who would hnva been the winner on thnt day. Hu.wns the ouly one of the lot who folt that ho wnn quite tho thing:, and hccornmonccd breakfast with a corresponding nppctito. Vory faw men eat woll who Iiavo n suspicion of their toilet, especially on a hunting morning. Boys aro less suacoptible of tboro desagrcmens. But their attention wi* not n littlo diverted from tho hung beof, hot rolls, devilled kidneys, and split fowl, by the singu Utllv ofthtir coitumo. ' Now, young gonticmcn, time's up,' Bald *.ho Squiro, trotting into tho Liilinrd room iu woollen co:d breeches nud top boots, wiih his neat bioid-.'kirtod black coat nnd whito neckcloth, looking tho Dicturo of nn old fashioned sportBinau. ' Let usliooffh thoilntle-jnrd. I snpnese you know your mounts, Thornhill is to hnvo the littlo bny horao f-olomon j ho is n tapitnl fencer, nnd nble to carry a little muro weight. Tlion Wilkinson hid better lido tlio gray pony Kitty : that's a good mount.' ' She ought to win, »ir,' said Captniu Thoroughgood, who lounged into tho yorj with ono of Ills brothers, amoking n tiunr. The cantain wa« r- great man amongst the boys, ns all cavalry ofllcers wero Leforo tho universal ndoption of a mouslacho nnd beard destroyed the most attractive dlslkcticn of Ihe servloo. ' Who's going to rido Judy 1' . ' I, sir,' said Rnesoll, na ho looked with nn undaunted air at the labours of the pretty house null, and wondered whether tbe yokels would bo taken in by the irnitntLn. 'I, sir. Slio'JI 6o Into tbo water, won't the 1' '? Into It? Nut eho, if you ndo her at it. Who told you that I' ' Thornhill snid tholookodns if sho didn't liko water any moro limn I did.' ' Oil I never mind Mm, lie's only been ohnfllnj you j ho wants to wlu himself, nnot ho tLinks that will funk j.iu. *uw uuu uur Bwiugui ; pno can jump necier thnu anything hero, except Solomon, and he's not ao fast ns the mare. Hut come, get up ; hero'o Dacro on tho cheBqut pony.-bhirt sleeves anil nil,' added ho, ns that worthy emerged from n stable door rondy mounted, followed by the swell, loading a clever little roan mare, that hud been sent up Irom tho dealer's to pnrtioinnto in the dav'a np-jrt. At Ilio hoad of tho o»vnloado, nnd surrounded by ueiijIiOurliiK farmers and tonant9, with his own earn and gii st«, rodo the oheeifnl Ilitle Squire. HnppiiusB gluwcd io cveiy f.nture, not only nt tho pleasure lio wns giving to others, tut ji anticipation ql ih0 fun ha was prepirlnp; frr himself, for tho giving a pleasure iB nv diminution of one's own; i.nd ho nliiioat broke cut into a lnugh; Tho Kentleraeu ridciis, fach on hit own craoW, followed in duo order, nnd tho whole wai olmo I by auoli an asseinbligo of Btablcmcn, helper?, nud privileged labourers nnd servants, undor tho conduct of Mr. Gttes, tho stud-groom, as wonld have gladdened tlio eyes of a border kuipht on tho alvent of » Epcculn'ivo foray. Ilnlf nn liour'H aentlo riding biought them nil to afriiin of Mr. Taoroushgood'd, whom about two miles nnd a half of a stceploilinso courto Ind been marked out by fla-», sn as to render tho lino ns unmistaknhle ns could be. Tho boncit historian is bound to record the f»ct time a certain compromise Imd born cntereil Into with Iho foncei themselves, so as to put them nil within rontonablo chnnco of negotiation, mid in accordance with tho presumed inexperience of the performers. Tlio Squiro loved to seo n tumblo or two, ami thousht falllnp. gracefully 'no of the first nco iinplislnuciits of n Eooij hursemnu ; but bo hnJ no idea oflmvinir thoHUueet of'hia lifo «louiled, or hii pillow hnuntcd by tho pjiost of n youpp; gentlomnn of sixteen nr seventeen years ot nco, with hiu 'rousers Ineortod into kit Wellington boot*, nml b, Uood-B'nintd wnl«tcoit will! iwrli-colunrml tlcevesnf b'izo tj match. So tho Btlfl timber wni Inken out, and tho flLrnnoreat bluckthnniR worn In! t n lif.tl.i In,.,. *...,? though tho wattr wns left wide enough lor nny jimiii.o glutton, It waa ouofullv selected with & muml lult'im nnd not moro thnn Innr foot in depth, so tliat tlie Hiicbinp; might bo comp'.cto without tlio nocoisily for tho dr goof tl.ollmnnno Society. Another hour waa fpont in limiting ovorllu co irne and other proliininiuies, in- hiding that downright idlenees uhich ia always tho concomitant of iiiiinci.sii ofliiinl bnstlu, nnd eminently indicative of nuntour racing. By this timo. tlio coure and tho BtnrtiiiK-post presented n tolerably lively scene, notwlili ? ni.dine the privacy of tho proceeding, nnd Iinlf a dozen o .unty cirrln^, with o few flya, a mnil phaeton, nud Buvtrnl gentlemen on horseback-, served to htimulatc tl;e norveB of tho computi'ois, if n dear conacicno nnd a schoolboy s stomnch ever require such B.imulnnts ul nil. H»vinR tnken off their great costs, nud performed ihoir preliminary canter, without which ns truly -poiting efltot c»n bo produced, even Teddy Dacro foigot the thinness ol his Buiit sleeves, and Master Bosville tho sirj of the broolc so eloquently described by ChatliTon! ' I ?111; We.ro obliged to Sdmlt that enVu.' m fe that young gentleman a little bf.yond strict bound, C* so truthful a person, tliongh wo think ho deceived hilSf quito as much as othor people. Boavillc, indeed in*?* dent 1c, Iho correctness of his got-up, nnd Uilly IWii* regardless of tho deficiencies of his own tnnt „''-'- view of the bright eyes that wero to rccoropCm,!Tf exertions l.ter in tho day. But Charlie, n't?rlil?h » nnd loeood botwecn curiosity to sco ono fuco tmA y- Innnte comciouBness of absurdity mixed with 'tb« *a ccedingi', kopt aloof from tho crowd of carrintrM lii!10' r» few'11 tb' BOimd °f * bC' forpwP'«*^m«5 'Now, pontlcmon, tako your plnces, if younlM,.» f aid tho jolly Squiro ; ' tho captain's gone to the i XS poet, with Gates; hero nro three volunteois cilni S- umpires; nnd there's Jooy Sanders, the keoper dnwn °J the brook with n enff. to help out those that re'em?™ i,?' assistance. Never mind your brccohcB, Itu'ecll twill fit capitally before long, I know: they' onl'y S damping. Now, nro you ready ? Whon I dron th' flag, nnd sny Go!' you must go; nnd the devil tska tho hindmost— 'O.'cupct extrcmum senbioa,' You sob T haven't forgolten my Greek, you young rascals 'Gnl11' And nway they went, Billy HubboII on Judy with n \La a littlo BtronKcr than ho liked. y 'U ° loaiJ Whonovor I find it Icsirablo to wrilo n run it linli jot 1)3 two mile, nnd a hnlf, and tho performers shall not bo ichoolboys. I havo r. fancy for livnlling Nimrod, or nt lensl. for nppmnching thnt stnndnrd of eicnllrnn Neither shall I dr&w; upon imagination for incd.nl?' Thero is moro of tho marvollous Iu reality than in mi rh fiction : nnd why not in the hunting-Mold na in thn world? Liko pafsions nro at work : like faults and lik« t xccllences havo their nnturnl result. Even a bic fene» in gotting away, is like adversity in enrlv lie. :J strengthens whero it does not. kill. What nie tbo nuccesBful efforts composed of ?— puticnco, courace imJu iriont. What cornea to c&rly; grief, and pnts -athori % combat nt once, or leaves us vainly struggling behind? unsuhstantinl confidence, roBhnces, or tqunlly uninb stnntinl fenr. What carries ns half through tho iun' nnd then loaves ua sticking, after a successful start in iniiornhlo failure?— too much pace, Iho loose reins of solf-indulgoneo, wrong turns, or losing sight of our object : or sonic beast of a rivnl, with n littlo moro running in him, jumps on top of ns at the curliest opportunity, nnd cxtinguiab.es our hopes and our breath together. But while I writo Hiub, wo lose firao. Already three or [our fonccs bnvo boon sifcly ncgotiatod without n. fall Tho harlequin jneket is not very forwnrd, having been » liillo outpaced by tho reBoIuto Judy, who hy great nood fortune had tho sturdy littlo Billy Biissoil on her book Boyond nn irresistiblo j*rk nt tho first fence, which pulled him on to the shoulders, and mndo his noso bleed lie was going pretty nmoothly still to the fore. Teddy D.icrp, tooj wns after him on tbo chesnut, nnd thoswoU —ignominious position 1— brought up the roar. Wilkin son nnd Chnrlio were close together, playing nt real jeekeys rtmsrkably woll. Of couree, this nmicablo stato of affairs was not likely to last, nnd a few fences further on, littlo IJqsvlllo spoilt the eleganco of his costuroo by tomWing ovor tho ronn pony's hond nt a post nnd mil; whilst the Honourablo ltusiell still led, sittings little nonror the horns than usual- At the next fenca Judy ducked her hear?, landing Billy on his back in tho ditch, whilst die jumped ovor him nnd resumed the rnnuinp; on her own account. 'Now then, Kusscll, you pot out of tho way, blocking up the gnps,' tnid Ttdily D.icre, who camo next, and wns really beginning to foel nt home. 'You bohnncpd,' s»id Master llussell, who waa now up and standing in the fence, ready for nn argument; 'there's lots of room for you, only you're in a funk.' Tho dispute was ended by Charlie; making u fresh hole. In Iho meantime, tho ponies were, caught straightway by the numerous touls and hangers on, nnd restored to their owners, who wero soon up nnd nftcr their coimndes. Tho chooiful little Bailies which took place during tlie ride, especially at tho fences, where littlo casunltica happened, wore quito refrething, nnd robbed the rivalry or all sting. ' Go it, Mngpfo,' said one, ' don't chirp too soon,' ns Teddy Dncro cut a genteol tuminersnult ovtr a blackthorn. ' Now then, Boots— well done!' s.ild another, as Wilkinson landed ride by sldo with Charlie in a muddy ditch, out of which, however, they mnnnged lo ecrnmblo without any incon Touicncc beyond tho necessity of remounting : nnd giving occasion to tho other three to mako up for lost timo, which they did somcwlmt nt the cipcnFo of their ponies. And now ccrhea tho water. Two-thirdB of tlio course had been accomplished ; nnd It wns not till they hnd turned to como homo that tlij formidable obBtaclo presented itf elf. Teddy Dacre wns tl.e only ono of tho party thnt hnd nny cxperieuro in drowning, nnd he had no fancy for n repetition. Clinrlia fully believed in » ducking, but never despaired of anything; Rithor negative feelings actuated Wilkinson, nnd little Bosvillo shut his eyes mentnlly and physically to the dangor. As to Bdly Russell, ho had not long becomo n voluntary ngen*, nnd scarcely realised tho situation, but ho mada no c'oiilit nbout getting over, if lie could but (it on. They nil charged it, however, manfully ; Chnrlio E°' over with a fall, Solomon overjumping himself; tho grey ie!nsed, nnd blundered in nnd out again upon a socond effort. Teddy Docro turned on all bis steam, »nd, though pretty nearly off Iho shop board, went on with tho load. Judy, n little blown by prcvions exer tions, landed Billy -well into the water, who, as ho wns crnwlinp; out, wns pulled back again a littlo unexpect edly by Tommy BoBville. The swell, when he saw tho water, lost his ucrvo; and tho rrnn more, Bhooting sud denly round in the wnko of Uusiell, alnrmod nt the melancholy failure of thnt hero, tent her ridor flying over bor shoulders right into tho middle of the stream. Ho was but nn all; and not coming immediately lo tho bnttom, he thought solf- presorvation, tho firat law of ntturc, should bo obeyed. Ho saw no tails to n coat, but hc-s.wa hoot to n lcp.,'nnd poized it. Ilnd'it benn, but Wilkinson, the boot would havo come off: tho HonouraVlo Willinm'n refused lo p,ive woy, nnd they both fell back comfurtably into the brock to find their own level. We need hardly sny Hint when they found themselves s»fe within their own depth, they folt strongly inclined to qunrrel then nnd Ihere; nnd hnd it not been for Iho momentnry nbsonco nf Itmsell, who bnd dived to the bottom in search of his whip, it would probably have ended in a fight on the spot. Luckily, tho attention of loih woe cnlled to tho buBincfS in hnnd, by Joey SnundciF, who threatened to commenco operntions with his gnu', unless tho young cents csmo out of tho water, instenl of stnudine; there 'n distarhln' of tho fish.' IPs remonstrance*, and tho mighty weapon ho wielded, lml tlio desired effect : but tbo length of their contro votfy had put them eut of tho race. Dacrc continued to lend, nud the Mngpie on Iho chesnut pony wns be coming n strong favourite with the inultitudo. He had tho foo', of Solomon ?, but being n littlo nearer to doalers' condition, and not in euch constant work as tho Th rougliKoml stable, tliero was still tlio ghost of a clinnpo for Charlie. Ono moro fence, nnd tho run in ; nnd with n laudable zenl for the ladies, who had trans ferred themselves lo tho winniag post by a Bbort cut through n r.oupln nf gates from tho start, tho Squiro bad tnken enre that it fhould bo n jump. Alroady Aliro and E lith Dacro looked upon their brother ns the victor. Already Te-ddy Dacro felt himself seouro cf tho prize. Alroady Wilkinson had declined, and Chnrlio began to think further perfcvornnco uselesa, whon tho cheenut pony, which Imd hitherto hecn going well, declined tho. lost fame, nnd i-olomon, pricking his cars, And nnswer ing to n (omawhnt emphatic kick from Charl o, clonred tho hurdles and furze bushes, and landed Ihe 'Dunca of tlio Family' n winnor by somo liii£tli°. The crey maic Kitty, was n tolerable second ; and after cornidor nblo perfunsloii tho cheinut hung Itlj hind legs in such nn Ignoinlnlcui manner that Teddy was compelled to dismount beforo ho could bo rolc»«cd. At an interval of n nilnuto or two tlio missing competitors, KufeoII nud B svillc. trotted up the cour.o, Btill discussing in somo whnt nniaiated Innguago by whoso fault it waa tint they woro tosh of thtm wet throned. (To le continued.) 