AMERICA. The narrative of the month commences from the point at which the Federals gained their suc cesses in Maryland, the leading facta of which, via California, reached us subsequently to the arrival of the September mail. "We have now the fuller details of the Federal victories. The Bal timore correspondent of the Times, under date 23rd September, describes ; THE BA.TTIE OF ANTIETAM. Antietam Creek (pronounced Anteatam) is a rapid mountain stream, which cuts its way across the Pennsylvania border in a due southerly direc tion, until it enters the Potomac between Boons boro’ and Sharpsburg. The ground upon its right bank is admirably adapted for a defensive posi tion, arid consists of bluffs which rise into a plateau, interspersed with 'here and there slight depres sions, and dotted with cornfields and patches of forests, and intersected in many places by stone walls. One or 'two lanes, penetrating at right angles to the stream, and deeply sunk, afford natural rifle pits, of which excellent use was made by the Confederates. They resemble greatly that “ little hollow way” which played so con spicuous a part atWaterloo, and which runs infront of the grounds of Hougomont. The Federal at tack could not be made without fording Antietam Creek, which is too deep cut-to be easily passed. The line of battle extended some five miles, through the larger portion of -which the Con federate right and centre were protected by the stream; but on the Confederate left the stream bends away from the plateau and turns eastward towards Keedysville; and here, upon Tuesday evening, the 16thof September, the first act of the battle was played by General Hooker, who advanced across the stream and along the Williamsport road, upon which he gained an elevated position, in immediate proximity to the Confederate pickets. The two armies passed the lovely autumnal night of th».t beautiful upland region of Maryland in close proximity. Wednes day, September 17, broke a cloudless morning. The earliest streaks of day were welcomed by men whose orisons were the shriek of the bursting shell, the deep, sullen boom of the cannon, the whistling hiss of angry musketry. The extreme Federal right and the Confederate left sprung naturally and instantaneously into colli sion ; and 1 know no better way of guaging the severity of the contest in this part of the field than by stating that the official loss in Sumner’s corps, consisting of three divisions, is returned at 6208 men. Again and again the battle surged backwards and forwards, and was especially fierce round a large farmhouse and enclosures called Rulette's Farm. Sedgwick’s Division was the first to open the ball, and, as it advanced on the right, it was supported on the left by French’s Division, which moved into a small wood and cornfield and soon became hotly engaged. Simultaneously the Confederates bore fiercely down upon Sedgwick, driving his division back for some hundreds of yards. To relieve Sedgwick an order was given by General Sumner (who had taken command after General Hooker was wounded, about 9 in the morning,) to French to charge with his whole force and gain the heights. The order was gallantly obeyed, and the overhanging woods were swept clear of the enemy by Kimball’s Brigade. But at what cost this successful onslaught was made can be estimated only by those who read the long list of Federal officers wounded, including Kimball himself, and almost every other man who wore shoulder-straps in the brigade. But scarcely were the heights gained when a strong body of Con federates, rushing between Sedgwick's and French's Divisions, and, seizing Rulette's house and farm buildings, exposed the attacking force to imminent jeopardy. Around this farm, the Hougomont of the day, the fighting was too se vere to be long protracted. About 10 o’clock the Confederates were driven slightly back, their fire slackened, ammunition seemed falling short, and French's Division, a mere ghost and shadow of its former self, stood firmly and savagely.on the ground which it had won and which it held mainly with the bayonet. , The Confederates were not long in resuming the offensive. Again they descended, upon French, and his shattered columns seemed Utile capable of offering resistance. At thisj moment the third division of Sumner's corps, commanded by Gene ral Richardson, moved briskly up to support Ge neral French. Again the bailie raged more furi-, ously than ever, but Richardson’s men, fresh and stronger in number than their opponents, drove them heavily back, and captured the only rebel standards which were, I believe, lost on that eventful day. The Confederates fell back some three quarters of a mile; the Federals had hardly strength to follow. At half-past one the battle on the Federal right and Confederate left was over, and one mile and a half of ground densely covered with dead and mangled men, not to mention what are described as high mounds or piles of slaughtered horses, bore evidence of the bloody obstinacy of the fray. It must bo men tioned that the struggle at Antietam Creek was mainly fought out on the right and left wings. The nature of the ground in the centre, where the direct road from Keedysville to Shorpsburgh 'Crosses the creek, -was too broken and rugged to admit of the manoeuvring of troops or handling of artillery. Near this road General FitzJohn Por ter, with 15,000 men in reserve, was during the whole day. This was the only body of men on the Federal side which was not en gaged. As an evidence of tho even and balanced nature of the whole day's struggle, it is alleged that General M‘Clellan did not dare to employ General Porter’s men when Burn side’s attack on the left was recoiling and Burnside himself importunate for assistance. The ground which had been gained on the right was so insecurely held that it was felt that another Confederate onslaught might at any moment overwhelm the exhausted Federals. To prevent this, as well as to check the rebels if they suc ceeded (which, if half an hour more of light had been granted them, they would have done) in driving Burnside across the bridge, was the object with which General Porter's men were held in hand. Our details of the attack made by General Burnside, in command, as it stated, of not more than 16,000 men, upon the Confederate right, are much more scanty than of the operations against the Confederate left. It is evident that if Burnside could have carried the bridge and heights beyond it, and held them, the Confederate army would have been in extreme peril of being cut off from Sharpsburg. But it was impossible to carry so tremendous a position when the Confederates, re ' lieved from Hooker’s or Sumner’s attack on the right, massed" dense bodies of troops against Burnside and drove him steadily back. The last orders of M‘Clellan to him at sundown were, “Come what may, hold the bridge. If the bridge is lost, we are lost with it!’’ How near and imminent was the peril to which the whole Federal army was exposed is probably known to few. But the sun sunk, and Burnside, weak, shattered and reeling, was not pursued, and M'Clellan had gained what, to one fighting under such conditions, must be admitted to be a great and substantial advantage,. Seldom, since the world first witnessed the ravages of war, has such a scene of appalling carnage and suffering mutely appealed to heaven. It is probable that within an area of fiy e square miles at least 30,000 dead and wounded men the victims of the politicians of the United States lay in every conceivable attitude of agony and pain. Every bush, every crevice of rock, every furrow of every field had its pale and bleeding tenant; while the mangled but still living sufferer, with faint and piteous wailing, demanded water to supply his exhausted life- blood, and harrowed up the soul of the anguished observer. In the immediate vicinity of Gettesville an immense hole was rapidly filled with amputated limbs. Inci dents of horror enough to fill a volume, much aa their insertion is discouraged in all- Northern journals, meet the eye at every turn, I could quota from the papers before me column after column descriptive of such scenes as would be heartrending even if they related to transactions enacted a thou sand years ago. THE CAMPAIGN IN THE WEST. The principal incident of the month was an engagement fought on the 3rd and 4th October, at Corinth, Mississippi, between the Confederates under Generals Price and Van Dorn, and the Federals under General Rosencranz. The number of the Federals is not given ; that of the Con- • ferates is stated at 40,000, General Rosencranz officially reports that there was great slaughter, that his loss, particularly in officers, was very large, and that the Confederate loss was much larger. A despatch of the 7th states that the Confederates were driven back five miles, and lost all but their small arms. The Federals took two batteries and 300 prisoners. Such at least was the substance of the Federal reports which reached us about a week ago ; but we confess that in the accounts brought by the last mail we find no confirmation of any decisive victory. The troops which were represented as retreating in such confusion appear from these last accounts not to have as yet laid down their arms. Indeed, in this battle at Corinth, it seems that the Con federates succeeded in reaching tho main public square in the city before they were compelled to retire. The Federal pursuit, we are told, was followed up for some miles ; but os the telegrams are silent respecting any captures effected or damages done, we are compelled to conclude that the Confederates retired unmolested. In Kentucky, also, there has been a good deed of sharp but apparently indecisive fighting. After MumfordsviUe had been taken by the Confede rates and retaken by the Federals, and after a long series of manoeuvres in the neighborhood of Louisville, we hear of a desperate collision at Perrysville between the Southerners under General Bragg, and the Northerners under General Buell. The battle of Perrysville, which occurred on the Bth of October, was, so far as we can learn by putting together the various telegrams, fought between about 171000 Federals and a Confederate army sup posed to be of equal strength. One of the ac counts represented the Confederates as remaining in possession' of the ground ; another affirmed that they had been driven seven miles by the Federals. The New York papers reported, on tho morning of tho 11th, another battle at Perrys villc ; it was short, but desperate; the Con federates broke and retreated South; with the Federals in full pursuit. But by the evening this report seems to have been disproved. A later telegram announces that the report of a battle having been fought on the 9th at Perrysville was incorrect, and the official despatch of General Buell merely announces that the enemy was re pulsed, after having gained “ some momentary advantage on the left.” PROCLAMATION OP EMANCIPATION. President Lincoln has issued a proclamation declaring that in all States which shall not have returned to the Union on January 1, JBG3, the slaves shall after that date be free, This procla mation, which is dated September 22, runs as follows: — “I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States of America, and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy thereof, do hereby proclaim, and declare that hereafter, as heretofore, the war will be prosecuted for the object of practically restoring the constitutional relations between the United States and the people thereof, in which States that relation is, or may be, suspended or disturbed ; that it is my purpose, upon the next meeting of Congress, to again recommend the adoption of a practical measure tendering pecuniary aid to the free ac ceptance or rejection of all the Slave States, so called, the people whereof may not then be in rebellion against the United States, and which States may then have voluntarily adopted, or thereafter may voluntarily adopt, the immediate or gradual abolishment of slavery within their respective limits ; and that the efforts to colonise persons of African descent, with their consent, upon the continent or elsewhere, with the pre viously obtained consent of the governments existing there, will be continued ; that on the 1st day of January, in the year of our Lord 1863, all persons held as slaves within any State, or any designated part of a State, the people whereof shall then be in rebellion against the United States, shall be then thenceforward and for ever free ; and the executive government of the United States, including the military and naval authorities thereof, will recognise and main - tain the freedom of such persons, and will do no act or acts to repress such persons, or any of them, in any efforts they may make for their actual free dom ; that the executive will on the 1st day of January aforesaid, by proclamation, designate the States and parts of States, if any, in which the people thereof respectively shall than be in rebel lion against the United States; and the fact that any State, or the people thereof, shall on that day be in good faith represented in the Congress of the United States by members chosen thereto at elections wherein a majority of the qualified voters of such State shall have participated shall, in the absence of strong countervailing testimony, be deemed conclusive evidence that such State and the people thereof have not been in rebellion against the United States.” 