DEMONSTRATION IN HONOR OF MR. LANDSBOROUGH. A numerously attended public meeting, con vened by the Mayor in accordance with a requisi tion addressed to him by a number of influential inhabitants of the city, was held in the Mechanics' Institute, yesterday afternoor, for the object of initiating measures for acknowledg ing the services of Mr Landsborough, as an ex plorer, in his rccent journey from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Victoria. The Mayor occupied the chair, and, having read the requisition convening the meeting, said that, as an old colonist, he had much pleasure in complying with the requisition to call the present meeting. He believed there was no resident in the Australian coloniej who did not feel that lit was under a great debt of gratitude to Mr Lands borough for undertaking so laborious and dan gerous a service, and far the information he had rendered respecting the interior districts of this great colony; and, further, he felt assured that every one cordially congratulated Mr Landsbo rough on the successful manner in which ha had performed his journey. (Applause.) The Hon. Matthew IIervey, M.L.A., then rose, and said that it was intended that the first resolution should have been moved by a gentleman who would have been better able than he was to do full justice to the: claims of Mr Landsborough. As the duty had unexpectedly fallen into his hands ho hoped that he would be excused for any shortcoming- Before alluding to the resolu tion he might be permitted to refer to a paragraph that appeared in the Argus of that morning, to the effect lhat Mr Landsb. rough's journal had not yet been made public through the pre-s He had been informed that Mi Land^borougli'a journal was placed in the hands of the Surveyor General about a week ago, in order that his route might be charted as early as possible, and tho journal, he believed, would be laid before the Royal Society on Monday next, und ao come be fore the public through tho presb on the following d iy. lie believed there had been some objection to the present mooting as being premature on the score of the journal not being before the public, but he took it that the lucid statement madc by Mr Landsborough before the Royal Society a few evenings ago would sat'sfy any candid mind that the journey he had undertaken had been a great and splendid undertaking, more especially when the peculiar position in which he was placed was taken into consideration. The Government of this colony requested the Govern mint of Queensland to find a leader of an explo ration party to proceed by the Victoria to the Albert River, and hence examine the country for traces ef Burke and Wills; and Mr Lindsbo rough, as being the b3st bushman in Queensland, was a^ked by Sir George Bowen, tl e Governor of Qneensland, to undertake the onerous duty, and without any consideration as to himself or his o wn interests, he at once consented, and placed his services at the disposal of his Excellency. The meeting was, he believed, well aware of the diffi culties that were encountered in transmitting the party to tho Gulf. Th0 Firefly, by which they proceeded, wau wrecked on an island in Torres Straits, and seven or nine of the horses died or were otherwise disabled, so that the number of Mr Landsborough's horses was reduced to about twenty- one. The result was, that after getting the horseB, with tho assistance of Captain Norman, lundeel at the Albert River, he waB unable to proceed on his journey for about three weeks, as several of his horses were in so exhausted a condition that they had to be held up in slings till they recovered their strength, At last tho party started on a south- west journey, and were absent for about nine weekB, and during that time traversed a country whol y unknown previously. At last he was unable to proceed further from want of water, and at the end of nine weeks he returned to the depot at the Albert River. On arriving there, ho found that during his absence Mr Walker had ar rived overland from Queensland, and in the coutso of his journey hud discovered traces of Burke on the Flinders. But Walker had again started, to follow up tho traces he had dis covered. Mr Landsborough desired also to pro ceed in the same enterprise ; but Captain Norman, who might be regarded as the commanderin chief of the expedition at that side of Australia, did his utmost to persuade Landsborough against entering on so hazardous an undertaking, the move so as he did not think it would he attendee with beneficial results. Captain Norman, in fact, said that he thought the project would be wholly fruitiest) ns regarded Burko and Wills, — that us he hud already performed an arduous journey, as his horses were knocked up, and his provisions consumed, it would be impossible for him to go with safety on the journey ho proposed to the south-east and thence to Victoria. His means, Captain Norman thought, put it out of his power to undertake such a journey, and he therefore recommended Mr Landsborough to return with him by the Victoria to Queens'and. Mr Landsborough, however, replied, that he was sent on the distinct understanding that he should be at liberty to search for Burke and Wills in any direction he thought most likely, so long ai ho had the means of doing so, and he also stated that his horses were not so much reduce d by his south- weBt journey us to render them unfit to be able to start for another journey after a short rest ; and us to provisions, he Bttid ho would 'rather start without any than not jro at all. Much of which he (Mr Hetvey) was telling the meeting now, they would never have heard from the lips of Mr Landsborough ; nor wan it lik-ly they would ever lead anything from him on this subject, lor his rema- kuble mo desty kept him from telling his o ui tale. It was from the intimate private friendhhip which ex isted between Mr Liindsboioiigh and himself that he had been able to extract l'rom him a know ledge of tlie manliness lie had exhibited in carry ing out the duties entm.-ied lo him. Having overcome Captuin Norinin's objections to hit. propo3e?el south-east journey, Mr Landsborough, after a rest of three weeks, was ublo to start ; fresh, as the extraordinary richness of the pasturage in .that quarter, was suci , that lr.s horses were r»Ue, of tr bo tliort a rest, to start in very fair condition up m another journey. The extent to which Captain Norman was able to assist the party with food for a journey of three and u half months, was seven a half pounds of flour and three pounds of meat fo: each man ; but he could give him no tea and no sugar — not a single ounce. Mr Landsborough, liowt.ver, had 40 lb of sugar, which he had saved from his south-west jouiney The reason Captain Norman could do no more was that hi-, supplies for his crew were so greatly re duced by his long stay at ihe Albert that he found ho could no' in justice to his crew do more. However, with Bueh an insufficient supply, Mr Lundibsrough started on a journey that he knew must at least occupy three months and a half, and which extended over not less than 1600 miles of unknown territory before he could reach any tountry previously chalked out. On reaching the Flinders Mr Landsborough was unable to dis cover what was the chief object of his mission, and what he held as a primary object — the traces of the intrepid explorers Burki- und Wills. Nor could be between the Albert and tha Flinders, or on the Flindi-rs discover any traces of Walker, who preceded him only by about eight weeks — as all traces of him haa been obliterated by the heavy rains that bad fallen in the meantime. Such was tlio portion in which he found himself p'aced, and be (Mr Harvey) thought it was one that the public of Melbourne would be generous enough to acknowledge as one of a very trying und difficult nature. Mr Landsborough was not bound to steer in any particular direction, but was left to follow the course that his own experience and skill aa a buBlimun recommended. In the course he adopted he was entirely guided b- tUo. e geographical features which indicated 'he path of sufety. He followed the water courses generally ; and in about a day's journey after Leading the w&teri; that flow into tho Gulf, he ' cr me upon the Tbf ms- n and other waters flow ing southward. His track lay to the west of that ^of Burke .and Wills, and it was one that he compered to bVequa ly safe fi9 going along Col lin? street. There had been a disposition amongst a port'on of the public, «nd in some portions of the prefs, to disparage Mr Landsbcrough because hie journey was an easy one, or because it wa« not. attended by any dangers or loss of life, and because he did not discover tracts of the missing explorers. Now it was impossible for him to discover their traces. If the traces of Walker were obliterated in eight weeks, wan it reasonable to expect that those of Burke and Wills could remain ? Mr Landsborough, however, did his best to discover traces of them, for he fol lowed the course that hiB experience and judgment as a bushman ltd him to regard as the safest, and the one Burko was most likely to adopt. He was of course, compelled to do this. There was no other course open to him, for there were no traces to follow. Apart then from that part of the subject he thought that the result of Mr Lands borough's journey must be peculiarly satisfactory to the people of this colony, and he might say to the world at largo ; as it had virtually given to them a large and -aluable tract of country suitable for the purposes of grazing a d colonisation, and . which would afford a peculiarly gratifying opportunity to the pent up population of Victoria who desired to r.nter upon forest settlements, and to the enter prising young men of England who might prefer to undertake pastoral pursuits than continue to follow the harassing occupations of town life. In that wav he thought that a further reason was furniBhed why they should agree to the resolu tion that had been placed in his hands, and I mark their sense of the importance of Mr Lands borough's expedition. The reeolut.on he had to submit was as follows 'That this meeting con gratulates Mr Landsborough on his safe arrival amongst us, and is of opinion that his services as an explorer are entitled to public recognition. He had no hesitation in saying that he believed that this resolution would be receivod with perteel TZuat Moitt'ow teconded the resolution, and in doing bo remarked that if Mr Landsborough had only gone a little further on his south-west journey he would have solved the problem whether there was a great desert or a great inland -iea or neither, in the centre of Australia. Ho hoped, however, that the question would be set nt rest by the account of Mr M'Kinlf y, who, he W/1 b glad to see by the papers of this morning, might be early expected to arrive within the South Australian settlements. The motion was then put and carried. The Rev. Dr. Cairns said he entered the meet ing without the least idea that he would bo re ? quired to take any part in the proceedings. He oame to the meeting because he felt, in common with everybody, a deep interest in the matter un der consideration— the exploration of the interior of this country. He would, however, confess that hfi had a. peculiar interest in Mr Xiandsborougn. In thfi old country- his inther was a friend nnd brother, and a very remarkable man his father waB. Ete was very highly distinguished as ft philosophical student of nature; and h« was equally eminent as a faithful, talented, and devoted minister of religion. His friend, Mr Ldndsborough, had begun the duties of an explorer at a very early period of his life. His father took him almost in variably with him to find out objects of naturai history ; and accustomed him while a boy to make good UBe of his eyee— to neglect nothing, lo examine everything — to attention and care ful examination— to take nothing for granteci, and to think well before he spoke. Xn this admirable school his friend obtained those, habits that placed him on the eminence he now enjoyed, and that associated his name in i»ll time coming with the mmes of those illustrious men ^ ho were the pioneers in the settlement ol' tbis their adopted country. After what hud been stated, it was not necessary for him to enter into details; but he must express, as his deli berate conviction, that Mr Landsborough, in the course chosen by him, had shown f,reat wisdom, and had shown that he was a man up to his work, and that he knew what he was about. He had shown that he had judgment to discern the right path, as well as skill and endurance to carry it to a successful issue, laking all things together — tho discoveries of Burke and his com panions, of Walker, Stuart, and Landsborough — they began to see a good deal, they began to learn a good deal of this Australian land. He could not tell how delighted he was getting with this coun try. It began to seem to him to be one of the fairest and the richest cour tries under heaven. They were long tormented with the idea of the existence of a desert in tho interior, but now it seemed to be all a myth; or at most there was only the ghost of a desert, and they must not therefore, any longer be told of the great desert, for there seemed to be only a little variety of soil ; and perhaps they might, ut no very distant period reach fuch a states of settlement and cultivation that there would no longer be any desert at all. The latest information showed them, thar. on the whole, this amazing continent hus one prodigious pasture field, well watered throughout, every variety of soil, and a climate such as was com mon to all tropical and Biib-tropical regions, so that th' country was adapted to produce anything that w.18 grown in Europe and in the warmer latitude-.. Such a country opened up the prospect of thus some day producing all good things in the nature of necessaries or luxuries — f od, fiuit, coiton, sugar, tobacco, &o.; — and thus he enabled to widen, extend, und interweave their commercial relations throughout the whole world. They an(.. their descendants had before them an almoBt boundless field of enteiprise, and an indefinite prospect of social prosperity. He certainly greatly admired the wisdom of Mr Landsborough in following the course he did, as those who had been nibbling at hiB conduct bad been somewhat too forward. When people began to find fault they should allow themselves time for reflection, and ascertain tho accuracy of their opinions. The grand features of a country were its fields and rivers, and if they noffirtnined those, aud had the r Dosi.ions fixed, then they acquired a true map of the country ; but if theso were not ascertained and fixed, it was impossible to obtain a correct geo graphical knowledge of the country. Now, Mr Iiandsborou^h, when he found tha'. it was impos sible to follow Burko and Wills, by their tracks having been obliterated by heavy rains, acted on a sound and wise principle, and determined to follow'up the rivers to their sources, and in doing so, fix the great features of the country, distin guishing between the great rivers unit their tri butaiieH. This work he accomplished eo far ns liis journey went ; and they now pretty well knew what the Flinders was and what the Thompson was, and they had obtained a great deal more knowledge of the general characteristics of the country than they ever possessed before ; and having atcerUint'd that much, they might say they had the geography of the country acc irately in their possession. This was a very tempting subject, but he would not enlarge. He hoped tho '?ountry would express their sense of Mr L 'nds borough's services in some becoming way. It was clear that ho had opened up to them endless sources of advantages, and surely he was entitled to receive from tho community he had bent fited so highly, som particular token of regard. (Applause) Inasmuch as they were to benefit by his journey, tliey ought to give Jiim something that would assure him of their sympathy and gratitude. He beliovcd it was in c ntemplation to have a ban quet. Well that might be a very good thing. He had not much experience cf banquets or public dinners ; and he did not ol joct to such a compli ment. But however good banquets might be they passed away. No doubt there was some thing very gratifying in vlio recollection of such an entertainment, but everybody knew in his own experience that possession was better than re membrance ; and iu order that Mr Landsborough might receive something better than a dinner and its recollections, it was proposed, as BtaUd in tho resolution that had been en tiusted to him, — 'Tha' a public subscrip be undertaken to present a testimonial to Mr Ij.indsborough for his distinguished suece s in ciossing tt'.e continent from the Gulf of Carpen taria, and discovering country so valuab'c for the purposes of colonisation.' He had much plea sure in submitting tho resolution for adoption by the meeting. Mr Butchart seconded the motitn, and in d ling so, said he thought it would be a disgrace to Melbourne, and the colony generally, if they allowed Mr Landtborough, who had opened up such an excellent country, to return to Queens land without some substantial remembrance of his services. Dr Cairns hid spoken about a dinner and tho pleasantness of its recollections ; but he had , perhaps, had more experionceof public dinnerB and their recollections than Dr Cairns had ; and he could tell him. that the recollections of a dinner were Fometimes very unpleasant, — here was the headache next morning. (Laughter) Now, he would like to sde soa e'hing given to 'Mr Lands borough bitter than a dinheraifd its recollections. He would like to see him presented with some thing that would be an heir-loom to his family, — something that his descendants might show to the children of other settlers on the banks of the Flinders as an evidence that the services of their progenitor hud been esteemed worthy of substan and permanent recognition. The motion wa3 agreed to. Mr M'Bain, in moving the next resolution, ex pressed his surprise that the Parliament and the Royal Society, from both of which bodies they had heard so much upon the subject, were so poorly represented at a meeting for the purpose of ac knowledging the eehievements of Mr Lar.ds borough. The resolutionhehad to propose was as follows : — ' That Mr Landsborough be invited to a public banquet, on which occasion a testimonial be presented tohim.' Dr Emdlino seconded the resolution ; and said he should not consider the colony had. done its duty in the matter of recognising Mr Lands borough's services, unless the Government, with the sanction of the Parliament, acknowledged the services he had rendered to the colony in showing to the natives of Europe how advantageous a field Australia was for immigration and settle ment. The motion was put and carried. Mr Thomas Dickinson moved the next resolution : — ' That a committee be formed to carry out the foregoing resolutions, consisting of His Worship the Mayor, the hon.. Matthew Hervey, M.L.C., the hon. T. H. Power, M.L.C , Rev. Dr. Cairns, Dr, Embling, Messrs W. L. Morton, Butchart, M. Bain, T. Dickson, W. Campbell, Urquhart, Bigwood, Thompson, W. C. Sloane, Caple, Alston, M. L. King, Sydes, Walter Clark, Gallagher, Box, W. Clarke, H. Glass, Craig, and Wilson, with power to add to their number. The motion was seconded by Mr John Hall, and agreed to. After a vote of thanks to the Mayor for pre siding, the meeting separated. Fiiist Locomotive on the Line at Ca tle maine. — Yesterday, the first locomotive placed on the line in this district, reached its destination in safety after undergoing many troubles and trials. The tender was successfully launched on Wed nesday, but the engine was the occasion of far greater anxiety; It wes originally one of the Geelong Railway Company's engines, and came into the possession of the Government on the purchase of the Geelong line. Since then it has been thoroughly repaired and overhauled at the Railway Foundry here, and hasbeen re- christened the 'Cornish.' At about one o'clock yesterday, it made its exit from Cornish -md Bruce'o foun dry, mounted on a truck constructed expressly for the transport of such ponderous bodies, and drawn by seventeen horses, the property of Latham and Co., as fine a set of animals as ever were harnessed. The engine was covered with flag', and as it passed up Barker street, was the occasion of considerable curiosity, a laige num ber of persons following to Bee its tranship ment. All went well till reaching Parker Btreet. As our readers are probably awire, the lower part of that street, though it has not been the subject of Municipal improvements or experiments, as the case may be, is still in a very bad condition, and, when within about two hundred yards oi the . railway line, snap went the fore nxle, and the huge load careened, as though about to capsize. This latter eulamity, however, did not occur, ond screwjaeka having bean prompdy set to work, the broken axle was. released and Bent off for repair, * hilst one end of the engine, sustained by the screw jacks, was hoisted in the air. The weight of the whole is about seventeen tons, exclusive of the wheels. After a d»lay of neurly three hours, the broken axle, which had been welded in the meantime, was ogain attached, the truck lowered on to it, and another start made. Scarcely, how ever, had more than a few yards been accom plished, when another wrench took place, a linch pin was pushed out, and the faulty axle was bent till the wheels grated against the engine. Another halt wbb made, the screwjack put again into re quisition, and the linch-pin with some trouble replaced. When this was effected, the load waB again set in motion, and to the great relief of all engaged was safely placed on the line ready for raising on to its wheels. Durinr the last part of the ..work the axle gave way slightly, and had there been anuther hundred yards to traverse, would have in all probability again broken in half. Three cheers were given heartily on the arrival of the engine at its destination. In tho course of to- day steam, will, we believe, be got up in the ' Cornish,' if placed on tho rails without accident, and in sufficient time. It is intended to UBe the engine to draw ballast trucks, and we understand its use will greatly facilitate the operations of the contractors. The line, we may observe, has been excellently con structed, though delay has b en occasioned through the late wet weather. The contractors for the works in the neighborhood have faithfully done their part, and not a slip or fault of any kind has been manifested. The engine can now travel from-here-to the Porcupine, and very shortly will baablj. lo extend its journey to '»endigo. Apropos of the railway and railway matters, we are glad to state that the inactivity complained of by our Sandhurst contemporary in the election of the station has not been shown in Ca tlemaine, and the contract is being pushed rapidly forward. O wing to the soft nature of the ground, nnd al«o i,i the fact that the site has been honeycombed by the diggers, considerable and unexpected difficulties have arisen in laying the foundations, as much as from 16 to 20 feet having to be gone through be fore reaching the bed-rock. Altogether, we have great reason for congratulation at the energetic manner in which the whole works in connection with the railway are being carried out, and in a verv few wpeks, if the weather holds up, we shall realise thai long-dosireel boon— railway communi cation between S*ndl'um, Castlemaine, and Mel bourne. — iW A. Mail 29th August. Supposed Escape op a Pkisoneu. — Great ex citement wss occasioned amongst the police on yesterday, by the sudden disappearance ot the boy James Iliggins, who wus in their hands for twenty-four hours' on a charge of p evarication. It appeared that he was put into the strong-room at the court, and the door was not locked. On t\\-e lockup keeper looking in the bird appeared to have flown, but whether he was concealed behind the door, or was afterwards smuggled in to hide the escape, we are unable to say ; at all events, he was afterwards found there, aft -r a fruitless search through the township. Gardiner, himself, could scarcely have created greater consternation in the camp. — O and 1 )/. Advertiser, 28th August. The Hunt Club had a splendid run Yesterday. The meet was at the Buck's Head, Drysdale. About a dozen gentleman rnly attended, the ma jority of the country nags being throughly baked with their late work through the mud and water. The hounds found almost immediately on being thrnwn off in M'Culloeh's p idelock, and rnn the scent breast high without a check for about thirty-five minutes, when the kangaroo was pulled down and killed in Kirk's paddo'k, near Swan Bay, nearly all the horses being pumped out. This wufl the sliarpe-st run of the season, and the weather was splendid.— Geelong Advertiser, '29th August. Boiles Extlosion at Ballaarat. — About ore o'clock tbis morning the boiler of the Cer.iish United Company, Gum Tree Flat, hurst, ar.d the explosion caused a great deal of alarm in the neighborhood. A largo number of persons were ?.roused from their slumbers and proceeded to the scene of the acc'dent, in older to a^'ertain whether any lives had been lost. The explosion, we are happy to say, appears to have been much Icbs disastrous in its effects than the one that oc cuired at the same elaim some time ago, but, nevcrthele-s, a considerable anrount of damage has been done. I-. appeirs tl.at there was no person in a- the engine at the time of the accident, und that the engine had been left quit'1 unat tended, the consrq :ence being that the water had g it very low, and hence the explosion. Though the damage eVme is comparatively small, still it will prove, doubtless, serious to the company. The furnacts doors and fire.- bars were thrown to a considerable distance, and a large quantity of brickwork has been displaced. The boiler re mains apparently unmoved in its position, the chief force of the explosion having been exiited in the front. The cause of the accident seems to have been simply neglect. The engine had been stopped for some time, and the water had got too low. — Ballaarat Star, 29th August. It has been Rum -hkd, that it is the intention of the- French Government to levy a tax upon photography, and lhat every proof- sheet wid have to bear u stamp of five, ten, or fifteen centimes, ac cording to its size. 