' Sumr ary for Europe iPERn .Y_.ul.D, is. -i-o ]Poro.Inc.L r. V'otmcAL. Tur. Annual Victorian Parliamentary ame of "beggar my neighbnur" was partly iayed out last week, in the matter of the vote for RIoads and Bridges. According to tlhe invariable rule, .Melbourne end the Gold Fields were alone considered; and regardless of the eight million sterling already spent or to be spent on railways to bring grist to tile Melbourne mill, honorable city and honorable gold-fields members combined to take an equal share of all money for Ronad Boards throughout the colony, and to absorb tihe whole for main roadsl If any man couild bhe so besotted after this latest exameple, to doubt the imperatiae necessity for .Separation total and final rcepara tion from the M Melbourne Parliaeent, he decerves for intelligence to be clasied, in the same category with the Portland Chronicle. "As the case stands at present," says the Geelongl Aldertiser, "farmers must make ltheir own roads, while city nmerchants alnd the alining polpulation are niot only supplied with railways for the conve)ance of their merchandise and supplies, but nlus' have the lien's share of the money available for contunon roads as well." Of course no person at all conversant with Melbourne policy should for a monlent suppose, that any litne of road would be regarded as a main hine if it did not terminate in the capital. Mellourne of Victoria like the Paris of France is the sun and centre of the whole political systell; and whatevercr policy interfieres with this prinary dognma is religinoulv ignored. Iinme after timie this jburnal has been chlirged with selfhbness for the advocacy tol the doctrine of epearation hlnt surelv tlis chliarge c Otit with eiey degree of vctllsl?tency be levelled against tl.te .log, Avie cteer, which wntlhoult auly external resure s ir I i ret-ollet up toj t the ,.Ulle IiogicaIl coicluoiou. Tlh follovinlLg extraIct f+lm the latt l'ea .r iin emth t joiur elm iin i'ir coce to the recciet eitc fur eetills tit1l lilge, wil that oth r s ell i li tll r s ell cii s lthe P+ rthtfe vl tIm',irdei , re.gal|i .l'epiraitioi nie tlec ilily rcrnelV agit:l;lt It acet 1d ler.'ectlive " eh l ec-sity for eomeethlin;g like or ganlisetteion l cevveeg tie rcire-eet:ttive. of tle agricultural districtse was fvr,:iblh Ieatde Ilua lifeT-t oil tlie eclce?ion cf tlihe alilvprtiumleliect ce tle c te of .0 L ,() O()00 for "intle reeaels "e en rue-daeey neighIt. 1 here were(: two rtie tv ltiC that occaseiol whoe rolledCI ttheir logs to. Colle prl'p~"¢-- the mectroJ,htalei eeeael the ruel ficlels ilertiele. IThe deciin ef the '?,eeenttc eece this c eaie-rc,,el eple-t ieu ea', l me ate llt'cliv thatu. itli thei e x ptiOl l f a .h.Iet tc.ei Ik il " i]vhPle lia d, tier i not c Ila ne ii re.Ie iin hve colony that dehves eiet head to '1ielh revi v. diii lcv , er iev!irvctlhyIi i hil iti vicl ce rueilw iy. Il l l that i emeill-,v terrieorv vrl lchccll lg ercllll (v'eI lic g te ll to I Alstratl i:l, citil IIie lic I ivhi i tei v r l11g l l t. t -te ;L. thI r ,e i.e clovl -eeordieng to the titR c' clah+eili eati e, it s.iIgle melil- r,,i. iurcly e il is lit liev ht, chic isIely thtl v lcse litmev r. r e ci enllng thiel v nr iitu e jl trjet~s iII that large eel ata wou hl hlcl\e Ilecl jvlctiieel in endcilereiiicg, by cI pire arralge"l ptelt illvf operatiolcs, to sectI Ie a Ifar share of the expenditure on main rads. One-hall of theditri thu.nregle't.d, and thit . toJ thb least popaloss half, is considered by its inhaiMtants to be ripe for sepaatfion into- a Snew colony, and the way in which thi main-road vote has Leen apport-oned i sufficient of itself to shao that seplr-:ion ought to be conceded,. evidend:in; as it doess that justice is not to be looked for iromn a centralised government." The recent vote ou " main roads" is likely to give afresh impetus to the Sepaiation move ment. The first of the erivs of separation Peti tior.s to be sent home from time to time is now on its war to Hfer. lajetv the Queen. ['his will be followed up by Petitions from varnou parts of the distict, to the British Houzes of t'arliament. That for the town of PortLn I is now in course of signatures. Sheets lie a: this office and other parts of the towen for the reception o" names. An.d signatre sheet, will speedily be distribu.ed t:troughJti: tLe district for sepiration petitions froil the various centres of popAii:,n. In our last sutnutnarv It was t?sent.::,nl that the Land Bill had reeedived the aenst f the I Assembly and hal b-.en tran-ferr-d to the Upper hirt-y. In the jIpper House the I measure has bect respectfully tres,"d .ome of the rne:ralbr were in aintor of clatnl t up the bill and sent?i;. it back to ts: Lower lt_-e, but th: threat of a l ' "'claes m:n:s- t try " once itmore eaini.i sie gui?ance of thl L sa?te:hip was satliceu;, to bring the tu.mbers :o ;. true .-cn-r of their t1,uition, co.-ecquenatly tie bl1 ha! ~a- bn read a ? con.l time aend is eno s??ll advasiced in cono:ittee. The le.te-t .lselbourne niew' is to toe tffect that up to the sixty-third clau'e had received the sanc tronof the lioul and it is proa!,le that aniother week will make the Land Bill the law of Victoria. Coincident with the l.anI hill i. another sea-cell of lets importan:e viz., the Real 'roperty Bill, and which ih t been carried through the UIpper House "'itn out amendments; tm fLct so determined warec the members that no tntipe.dinlent should sto,' c the course of the. bill that only the marginal notes were read! 'ihe laIwyers grumbled but It was of no use, the bill was carried and has now received the assent of the Governor. 'Ihe Civil Servive Bill has also pa.sed both Houses and received the assent of Hiis Excel lency, and the bill for the reduction of the salaries of f-iture governors has passed both Ilouses but has been reserved for the assent of the Queen. In addition to the bills men tioned the Governor has assented to the Gold Duty Iteduction, Pleuro-" neurnoniasad Elec teral Act Suspension Bills. It is evident thatt the Session is near a close as the Di.tillation bill in a very objectionable form is being bhir rned throuah the Ilouse of Asscnmbly. 'lThe object of tue bill ostensibly is to ive sonime adlvantage tofarmers as oppoiei ti forcsners,Lr but is clogged with so many conditions that t if it becomes law but little advantage catn be derived from its operation. 'The lcltiiiat" are niow occupyinv the attention of the Ilouse nightly, and the way in which the vote ost "main roads" was carried is a pretty fair specimen of how the farming and pastoral districts are treated. In tit.e Iegiilse Assenbly on TluesdayHI Gth in-t. Sir. Verdon submlittse ti el -tioln, of w'ici lie h had given niotice,-" T'iat it i expedisnt that thu House shouEl be as.-iri t by the Gosersuent that as,'hslate prisitun bas been i sade fur the public .m1.siinditure n prolpus1 d Iur the )ear, btl,nre' procdling ?siti, the su,nideretiult ul t.ie Esiisoutes.'" In sleaking t his tIlotios Sir. VerdIn ldl:- bo Ihr as tetobers o Lthsu lluuse alsu iteit inot tinlewrs of flh G;ive*rnment?ntould know, there must be a deficiency of £250,0 0 at te's 'lld of this )ear. That was lhis ui in opinion now, as it had been inl April. T'hea Customs returns for Ise imonthl of April showed an iocrense on certain items b,.yond the calculation of £3,002, but there had beetn i decreaes ws oWlther i £outs u'£2.4,37-, or net decrease of £21,070. which it mluslipled " by twelve, would give £262,840 as lthe dtficit ull the year iu tee Curatu?s alulle. 1Ir. Ilss.sts did not take sto desponling a slew as the hons. .llmnber Jlid. In th. first quarter of the year, the revenue always fell short of its trie proportion of the ) ear's in cnlse, being about a filtli in ,pluce ofa Iourti, pert of the whlile. The origiual 'stialltiIe uf rts'nue lur tile year wthic, lihe sub .nittld oas 43,115,105. Alt-r djducting his rejected r prupusalb tle elltUate stood at £3,090,105. Tlie ( ustuius r. selnue for the quarter dil fbll lhurt cou, d.rably, but Ie we, di-l,oid to thinik that ins Ihis depaLtlne't, anil ini ai few articles o? excil'r, the unldy 1.hlinig If thIt woull bke place wsill ie louuid, uInd .lrvalJ the Cue'sItoIs revssllute llauned is coulisl rabih. revival, tile r.eciptla fr April habing be, n £93,834, of very nearly thue estiu.ate su, tl, a ilealreadc t the present tnilh i 11.100 had b.-un re eivrd trous rice. i. tl ut tx-tsa had behit reccrivbls uolls our sixty-twu sdy. in the lirst quartier, s.sd wIhini tits ) cus,idereJ the disturbldiees it rtdle which plUipot. l tariff cltllgesl produced, and thlt hUlltirouo ii ConulltsUstrs were ritursitlg lrlll ? Nesw Zea lilld, tifl re was iev.ry reaouse to bhilivis thbat the tide lad turned. If the rsinssisisg tl Isothsfl ot thil ear contribut,: as April hu it doue, the ,tlsicisicy in the Customs would be £1i7,000, anall ill the Elcise i £lH,SOu-or a iotal dstficienc of) I £s5,500 lur the )i.r. 'lut tetrritorisl reellsuu hadl txc, ed-d thle e-tinsit". a Public work* Iail Ipost* lrl hirbur lsr wrI, . also conltrlbutitlg ill ,xc?,ei ot tlihe I'Itit i;lll trl o othefr litssis olt ?Irevieiis sthowi.sd hs S nlr? issli' . lI '11 (iItsdllll tls rl'i-llrlls ,tis t I' 3|s-sr ll Ow ut £3,;l 7,tJ.i. l'l liiu is ' thi l t Ix i nII , k-nltl"t' , is .'isln d u lalns £"20,t(I J trr Is ilse ' usks b) thissgihg I,,r the c-sria sg oi cush a ce:l, isi.l 4,L0 .,55 iit tc.s.. tfrosll t.I tls- rl s iil rts ua, lie '11 ii aut, I the sklie|-i c.,t-sreturi, liil thii %5itr at £70,50h4 tii tJat siuut 1.U,iil iis. uIi1,t b.* .uipid frisis ll"sI sxi'hdit.rll Io .is is i -i £1I , I luthJ fro ls fi -U ll ) Cilsilllil. IciL'-*, 4,401I trusi s lII iCs t( Lil,r 0 u tin* tl 1,1 drh le, irh i £ *e. (cll mii i-l IIsot i rs s; -it, is slIil iss-' 15i -s , llvd lIs . 4 lih r iilu?-is Ihi ss xiisiil s-, thelis l ie ich ut Ii £120, OU it, Iitill, tie liv-s hud alrss si s1 , SIshd - stisi si-* irus 'lut siT-sil ie iids Is r it, - i L? i-. .~an lt s t.ist wiusil be siiula e isoul s .riiid ,il) obils s.'te it. ile tru-ted Lus liu-e ' ,,,,lii 550o ' firocs-sid io the lnEstiiihiss. c Isil lr-isis isis tsiih 1-isrt sil listi. us-uslbs'r' for six months, in not pressing for large votes for 1,,i,,, i klki , ws siilslu relites e cIi' omeu iry fruis A iti.c --ilsi ?ii-o i I in ;lhich Mi1n ,i .. Mel t. Is.-s, ,A1 i rI- ,-i~ Iu ssiimis~, issd lIsisl, ii i, ik i'ri, is al b-i staliit3 .11r. V'erhis f slll ht s w hi- hiissioli. .1i isitiiportant bill mis thic subject of Elli- ii catijisi isis lctn iintroi fticed hy h 1r. Ie::-hes, e ex-t hiet ,c~'retry lol sis lhsrolps-es to a alioh the riod s bossds if Niationiisl iid v !hiouini;.tiu al 'du..tioni, ais.l isoisitliie a it ge-iiinr.il 'syss.it ii i eiiibisuee all difntislisistitiO s. I As the '' ssusie-illce"' 51 te 1,ielsit Lhiif- ii Secretary is tleliOpsed to tuch a achenie; it is i, protiable that the hill will le defested on h Sthe second reading whise ixed for this I. evening asst to .ase precedence of all odier a busine-,. The -lovers of harmonv in the i co:nmunist are in favor of the bill of Mr licales and the Pre'+yter a bodvi at i: recent Asembh!v meetin; r-sve in ta ir ai tbherion to the principle of the till. and utn 1dertok to 'eek the co.opeTr:o n o o:hMr religious bodies. It the bill is dcfeated in the present seti ons it is sure to be revive. early in the next and it is ja : re s.,-t - I"t th s is the reck on which the 'J` "asLs' Cabinet mar spli'. The fill privile:e ease reported sn our last s.llrn r h ; b.r-n o su"bject for comment to all the Au,'rr'i a paper`. ant in aierly ever instance the }p"i rileges claimed by the A.senb y are coazeu.vr el monstrous. "The .ge sar, the ret irn to the writ la Il as Ctorpus ire:~ud to the ,ergeant-a-*Arms its the ,nt.er of the pnalege between the ALse?iubly and Mr. iill,. was argued before hib. lonior Mr. .Tisiicc Cbhapan, their ? i.nors the t haf Ju-tice, Mr. Jutic. Wdhnl a :n l n. Mr. Ju-,tc? Moles worth ittint as. .ss- ..?i.. .lr. 1cbie wa hsar. in t isapx.rt of the writ, a8 1 Mr. Ir.lahd. in re .sn er. The arguments occt pied the vhf .e .say. anl at their clo-e their fon ,rs intimated "tha t they were agreed as to tie I wers a:id privilege of the Assembly, but. as the c?-~e was an important one. they desired to reserve their dci.sion until Sat:urday. Arltlt" LrTrar.. The chara.:ter of the weath'-r during the pa.t month has been most favorable to far mer- ani tle owners of stock. The long continued dr,_'ih: of the summer had parch ed and partly o?:,literatcd all indlications of vegetation, and shecp and cattle in many ca-se utfiered from want of folder arnti water. Nor was the latter want confined to cattle, at some ol the great centres of population lBalla rat for examnle great fears were entertained that the want of water would lead to serious if not fatal conneq:ences. tither parts if the colony iare equally ill provided,t and the experience of the 1past years shon1 that some steps should be tiaken to secure a piroper supply to meet periodical exigencies. It soulJ not be fair to leave out shat govern ment has done liv means of're-ervoirs to giue a supply of water to the gold-tields, but this was in the reign of the much ahlLuedl Mr. Ileale., and his succe-sor Mr. O'Uhannassy seems to think that the true policy is to limit expenditure in the country districts and con centrate as much as po-siflle on the capital. Mr. if'-hannassv mtay be regarded as the apostle of centr:lization. But the weather for the time being has settled the scarcity of water difficulty, and the effects of the change are seen in the altered alppearance of the country. The parched brown heath by a slecits of natural magic has vantithed, and the most luxuriant green has usurped do. minion. At tlhi, season of the year the Aus tralian colotnies show to the best advantage and come neare-t to the appearance of an English or Irish landscapc. 'Ihe farmers are taking advantage of the change and in every direc tion the plough is engaged in ntaking prepar ations for corning crops and it as ahbmst cer tain that this year will furnish most agricul tural products greatly in excess of colo nial demands and it is just probable that in lsat; onr grain as well as our gold will be thrown on the Enghls market. Ibhe new Land Law will maternally assist in caus ing such effects iu Victoria- and from the following extract taken from the S~yney Ictupire :-It will be seen how agricultural matters are likely to progress in tihe sistlr co!oly:-- Ilhe tIkiig up of 1 ral unsh r tree el-ection still goes on as. rapidly as ever, upl to that Iresin t ti.e ; as fIr a. the rieturns hisye bten received (and entirely inldeprendent of the quantity piur. chased under other modes provided for by selected, and ab,out £4,000 Iaid into thel Tre-asur) as depl,oits. Calculs ting thst elch settler'- hou-ehuld will consist uol tie i. lividlusal, it will bhe sen that 10.000 i.o,.l1 have beta settled in Irehuld hlii.. in ith. short period which has elapsed -ilce thei Act camne into o lperatin. Thei Strvey or-Ge.Ineral, we are iltourtied, is acting in a IlUost enr rg.t c iinlnller, aail sur?,re ors are at work all over the countr) Imeasurilg thel farms taken up. They are instructed to relport to had qudairttrs. in all cat-s a- to tvlether th. purchua, r is in uccu1atiou, ald as to w i..t t.lproveieents are already in lrogrt.?- tar ti,- htala. Il tveer) in-toane- yet toee ttauinr d t:. Iurcfnhirh s hasve lu ien louul I i,, p ,.se',ius isitt. their Inusili| -, urst it-)y ias busily tngaged in clearit g. iid ntl etil ing other iilutl.u?el ott. lthse surer)s uo al all11 land hi hirto "s-I. ct-I her . Is rr pIts.grnt-.,.ld of Purlist .ent, t., I,. ail, to .ttiioniue Stliht ''tar, I,rrin alppli-d ticr uop to this "o0th eltimn ha. b.n ,itt ,a-ur.t. ''hiLi sill In. a itflieientt nitswer to tie- cri.ktrs iwho ire- till tIhe riot uof fre, ?- lctin b) tmeans tI litigatiunt, arising SNor are the piutbhed a.cuuntis frotm South Australia less satisfactory' as regards agricul tural tprogre.s, There frotm ant early period in the history of the colony the greatest alteration has been paid to farming and the Icsult is now tsecl inl the mtaterial progress and comfort of the ihabitaitts. The plough has t tien the first place as ans in-ttuttiotn and the pluigh as imight have been attcipa. te.l fromt uillivereal experience has nut disap piointed its patroins. since the Victorian mariket ha:s bct atll but closeid ud.intst Adllaide a market has betei sought its lEntg hudil hi t seith whaIt success iln a Colllllertcial point of view has- noIt vet bieen decided. C(o.E( :CI eL.. lThe imtltorts for the foutr itonthits of 1862 enidiig A?\ill 3oth, are set dowt at 3,i.t!,h3J los by £:l l,,3l1t than for the fouir ti:iimthis si thie lr ecelirg ear; the exports for the -.titte ie riod of fttr Itnunths in l hi2 are £,I,1s2,580 swhich shows an increase over a similar period in 1861 of i.79,hli2. Ithe rates Ifur all tic.criptioins of farirm Irtduce rule lotv, auid flouir at Mlel bourine is quote.J from £11 to £13 pler ton -tnd wheat rsist .Is. to 4s. ld. per bushel, but si the country ilietricets prlice are itiuclt lower and eiary in prleortiot to the diitli ctlty and exltensses of tonvteysllece to Illatket. IDuritg thie ta.t rtloltllh two large mtercantile Ihoiuses JIse stislettlelnded pIayment. Aleears. leldgc ald Co. IlIfast, Victoriat. he liabili ties of the lbrtner are shatld ii it liitarter of is riilliut itil the latter at £100,00J , but it is ihclesed thait in bIothl cases tie ti.ets aire mtre than equl its the hiaihties. hloth lirns aire large lh, colntiectcd wth Il agricuiltural amlit pastioral lt'usititt l it i tot yet clearly a-Lt tinllltsel the eIcOt whllich thie ispldltnllilll inill lproduce, btll the news in thle flrst itlstlll?'ce htad a IItist dteprcssiig effect both here and in Soiouth. Australia. It will ble beten on0 referience to our advertis. ing colsumns that a ntew batiking comtpsany hlt, been itna:guerated ttlnder the title ol tlhe " Melbourne Bankaen CompuY*." *The pr pr e?rs are J. P'. ¶lr, i.uh Glass, -'. Chirnide. S. 1ctau?hton, \'. llighett T. I1. Batr and c'apzan .Mclih:I . '1 iiis i whit i te-m'd a pr.va:e bank anmd he propr;ctors do, no: ina:z- t> i-'ie no:e, ur opin current a-count* tn! the- ra:.e of intere-t charged will virt i:i ,top .-: oa to lic iinai.tade of" tae :.ra.?uc:,ae>. r'ro.u :h,: .seiA kno, n cit.-raz.erl of the propriet.ir. it i: altr-ip:c tInt tile bank will t.e a -i,: ' *u'c. I - o.dirna' I tr.anctic: the r.t-: . f d .oint i. cihlt ier !c,:t t-w mtlh-i. n-i' :--r cir:t for ihree Smoa:hs aid 10 p~cr c.nt for four month2. [-he i-itret a;iw. d on A. -. .-t va-i-, fronm If to 4 per c,:nt c~rr-,:eadian; wvh the length of notic- of witnJrawa.l. and the -ofic; r1aci tf iex! .:;: nt : e at e: 'n-'e) CO Jr- ars cht ) per cc:: I-r.- iuit1 >fr 3J d"y>v anJ I'. pkr :-.:n-. * ;n, a:-i't. Duria; ti rim. ; -: t ei-ht *.!di:ot.l tIlet of railwar h_< v * ':i o:i-.d f ir tr-.iiic fromn Wo1ls tnl o K, Etc .n. Ih : au: etnsiminj of the iMou:it .iicxAndir hlni and mill be o: »--* t aJ,'..Ji:..' :o !i.0 di-t.'::. Tue optniien wa. not at:cIni:Jd ith a i.amonszraLvn ..-,cn as too, phlc .at L:irra;i: -llc:e the Gceone i anJ 1a llra: li:e was oIpened, unt somre or th(; Cablliet nicliLctrv attended anirnn tihe rest Mr. .Mitchull tN.:tiinit-n-r of lia? wa.' whlo explainetd the .overnmen: t elioz anioutlt iug to th., tha: tihl "'Railw.y line. niut bI . fed " and this a- alreay at te.? cxplain.s why 1100,l00 to be qpesit on lmain roadi- through out the co!olny h iae been con:i:icd to thIt parts in whi'rh railwv.ay accominolition hab, Iccii providcd and leIas e the cnt;rtre \ citcrn District as in formuer %car.. Till WVEiltian Esc.LPx-rirT. The details of the W'crriter e Encamnipamn hal not reached uS at the dati c.' -*. I,1 i.uinuary and in crder to .se o= -. . reader, -ome ides of the way '-a vL-: " ;: \'ctorian Volunteers c-.n tura cn7 :; :,:.--1n sioun we tubjoin the followinz ~-??ra .:r uhich are now a ma:ter of ~hi--r. li-- t only drarback was tha the vra~=.C'e s .c 'ortland, l;fas , and W\arm-Tnaz= .AZ erq'Ie renting the 'es:ern Ditrti:t rwr= )ir; c;. in the prugramume, but the Coo:~ ar.isa dant has .isnified his iutention of -cn-rla these corps »eparatCly in the .qci ofy i vitr and this pos*iblVy il be some rLfad to the injured soluntecrs. The Wernrtbe ca. ai;gu oped most disastrouvl. The lirst ai? lc from our lelbourne tele-raphic corres cpon dent was dated 19th April and was to the following effect "*1-Misrable c?caibhr for pleasure, but first rate for cuunur'y pincially. liauiin6. .till. \\\'~rril-.c ie ncatuiii?ei.nt Lill be a taileire so far as aiitor, are cunllt.rll'd but uoluntetrs l.ke good toldicr are biraning it." The secon.I advice bears the date of our lo.t su:nliiaryv '.2nd .pril and runt aL- follo s : **-\Wather tine, teni to twelve tlioti-and at \\\crribee two tl.out-: I four handred oulun tecrs reviewed anil tlngitgec in .hLani liight. The evoluti:,s were ?c l peefortimed iad the. Guscrnur .x,.rc?a- liieit .ell peca-ed." In .-ipaking oi the \\\'rrirce, the rc1,orter ot the 'ltti J . ,ri.Lrtcr s.A :--Yeterdan wua a gloriui. uay fur tice \'ictor;,n \'ullii' teers, aid it H. iLi,.-t .tnjioyable for tile gen cral iublic. Ihi. gtrand reviei or Sihaf: battle %as in every reslect a tri utinph whether rtr.irded as an evidence of our colunl.al ptriutioisi and national I loyaliy, or imerely a mlilitary display. As the recent inclmnlentt weather dtlr;in, tle I nicanulllnient proved that our " citizetn soldiers ' have pluck aul ecndurance, so their i operation n ith thi, ld I yveterday proved that they have aibility that justifies their title to I the " pruf?.cioun of armi, " and their right to I wear tile tiniforri of our gracious qleeln. W\'e frankly acknow!cdge thelli as tle defendern of our " ic.irths and lhoites ' 'lie weather yeterday was dclightftllly line, I ariply contipetinatinig f.r prev:ous short. couiiligs i.i this rc-lect. And, tlioulih the ground was rather heavy fur cavalrv and I artillery, it was ii it sloppy, toilr dii it in ;iny : way imipede the i toieIn.nllts of ilnfantrv, or anno tlhe "faiit.tiic toes" of splcctt.tors. Ihere were at leat t i thouillotl l I)peu(elt ili the grounid includliig a gooid Irqprtioln ol the lair sex ; and accordlinig It til e r.tilv returnls, Ilnerly) tiot tlholuii-au l icule welt i from Geelong. Ballarat contributed a goodly array ; bit of coulrsc tle itiajorilt c. re;t fro li the iiimtrou;llh aind its expuitlive s5ulnirII . Ilis IExcellencv tile Guovernor and Sir lThotias l'ratt, the general conitilading the tfoces ill Australia, accolillpalied Lv Colonlcl Carey and their aid-es, Captaiii llaincroft ind Lieu?lcnlat l''Uot»s, arrived hy ia slpcial train flual .lelbouruc shortly after tell o'clock 'I'l-y \tir" rec.l tied at tue .' .etini by it d tachintilt of tle cavalry brigade, anid escorted to the canllp. A salute of .eveniteel. gunis was fired by the artillery ol tlhe arriva.l of his Excellency. l'lio i.iiii i.r. -entid i very cl.,t'li Sii i orderl)y ipitritiitincl, tli4 troolsi having been I stirring u.lily uiikiiig IrIpotll ui. tu. r s I geiiral reiie*. li e brigade Iparaeild at allil'-ist liiie, o'clock atid Ifurmi d iu b.lltittiliu I in Iront ol Itheir ltets ; uud, l litn tlu Go. I seriior arrivtie, tlyv flirlued Uiitu lih i to receive him, the bands striking up right merrily. Every man had been early served witl twenty routlns ol blank a.?, uiition i so that thet) nerriO siont prtjlerel aiu in nlluti.lli utr tle ti. li of batthl. Thll folluwitig table giver the etrengthi ot every corps on pnrade: I COftu'1. E S afi I .t>ff .. 8 37 4 <4 .<.ival llri|adie .. 7 y9 it IO t'avhaly lliidade- let r i,r.V 1V. Curlry 8. 2 37 47 MitihJurue Ald. utiltl 2 U 34 41i li. ,l .l r. .. 1 & 24t a0 (..eiae1 .. * 6 'A au0 i.>tur .. I 4 2S 30 it>,y.i V. V. ArtiiiUey .. i. 2a 6jE .?U7| V ';t Itarti ..* ' i 9 a7 USt | .,uill i uii.iiuII of Hlltc - f'ti taidv .. ;l 6 8IJ t0 2.,iluiti .. 1 4 IOu 10O W. It lllotirne .. 1 3 38 41 l:alt ljlinuus. .. 2 & 74 81 U,,ll., cpiiu, .. I8 bi s) N ,rih .,elluun« i * • 2 4 63 61 - \V il..ti.itu a .. , 6 ll i U hitrli .. . j. i 1 . uIbh iialithiuii of listi..s-. Ilt I. hidla .. 9 3. 48 4u )' ei.,- U e l ii er .. 1 A 04 72 M. II.l I.i . l') nir ,, 3, Bi fil(, 7 b, 1 .li .hn . 4 i2 48 2itd .l'. K.ldl .. I 4 3U 3s IIalwtluoiu uidnl I|tw 1 4. 41 48 ft ehlilted . . I 4. ,17 42 lie, hl1g V. Itlue (uipe 7 14 140 1Ub 1li ... " .. ii i Ul 112 '"*iii "t in" l ** * ' 92 Ii 103 $.illidl llllt ., U U 84 ff7 S)tarybough .. 1 15 17 3Jo.url the ra ki sulsarqu-ntly too STo1 -. 2 w, 1 Tl ? W lsait:r. Ei r ]erstsr IrLi 1ATrculr.'.--T h. r. .t. re three u,. tate-. 1. ttr atit cae,. t.l .t shoiting at 200, 500, sthd S(0O p1..1s' r.ag,- .i r. C c.. raan, f Ca. - I;. n ai,,,. un .%, r. .\artiln ,If I.rl|Jlie,, took tl..t itt, ir.t prit' s lof L'J uild I.10 I he r'hr-- tirst prize'. 1.40. 3 ', anl 12l.. at ST0p a r..a', t rre t 4k ln ht) .1 lr. U nrli .-, t,. Ir.hran alI "with Yarru; .Mr. WuuJ, of i. tit,..; a.Ita \t -. II '.tron. ('eilna g. T ae i Ilr tir ,triz tt, at 6Ii 0 rt nt.'. L4'. 130, L0o, •,ni 1.10. iere -w, b, ?!r. Duglass, ,f Carlton, Mr. Reid, of Bacchus Marsh; Mr. Arai.ttring, ti thet Artilltr; attil1 .\1r. K low, re Eunr,,It Ilill. Tl.e lnrllcl at 700, 80 i, and t ,,J at ar- l %, I. tirll i it I it tat a t I atllrtialg t,,r tiie'rr- . rr a,lrI iliait i-Ctketd c.aota.. itlors. I a. 1.r:it- l Iatri.ze,, It £20. I cai tI d WUin l?y .rgai-rlt Z Wi. Cnltll.il, ul Cu.tleitline, wbo .".r. a-I t t1 , t 1.ial\ -fIor puintt, Strgeunta. i D.,uga.",, of Curltn, anl i Private Wrig?bt, ..t l'tirsn, loth tataking twonty-tihrte MOtifs e..col. "T'ilre as lo lH i "tll-etoiulller ii.icl', IsL iriesl it n tliic.--a LSO cupr t.dl 1::, 1 2.', 1.15, aid 1.7 l0'.--tre won by .le-.r-r. 'iatun, Ktl'orun, J. i. \Viluson, ian 't' uucd. I.oc a. Crnaor.' FlwI't -O InlnTluI!av, 22nd Aprils nlme o oour lahi.lers ltow emllployedu at I'ort I ,nd brou- ht ilnto town a splendid fish about I. irc!tc-. itn I?crthl aind apluarently of the d :. _ -ci:. of; a larg sizec. T'he back is i?iý ?ful rose color. The flappers or .: ?re largei in pIroportion to the size of -e t.h anal uarie,tatcd wuitl irregular si.:ts. uNone of the tishermalnl inl couneliou r/. the .tsy have c't:lr Steen a fish similar to this. It has been left in charge of J. Tra g- :ar. Esq., .1. 1'., who ftrwariled it b. uat on \ Ldiae.day IlIortling last to jtiidourne fur the op:nilo of Professor I Ltl3Bisu, or I1:tie.lo?ta.- The Righit -.*r. I)r. I',rr) l,.rl lil-hi p, o1" .lrtbourlne* , arrived in Portland on Saturday, 19th ulto. Iii toriP.ltalp m.lt,istler I the rightl of ctl tirlti.illitIt oil t"Utill)y to at numbI er it tihe . out. ?i rslis i t blth sct.t ittn cui tattioon a.Lt L 't.t.phtt's Church. Oil 11t c-Itaast3, ui 't. i So l'id ' '-i Isi.s l hsi'?l l t.t lieur. l hi, Y.iloua t clI.rgu Lt tlh. clt.rgl) itl*t ul itu 1'-.tern ).tri?, taintoatg.t lie taallu iler in Iat.tinduLJce i y it. DlriintlirlLl-tie l eItv. Dr. lirtita, A retlw.?tin ou'f PtorIlad aidi cu?, ttit aof II hiaa-t; the Rlel. Dr. ituslil, irouti the Vatliton ; itev. Irc. lJlsllliih, ecuitblitt til Va rrna,.a bodl; 11ev. .lr. ilherotn, iucnal.'nt of Ilnamiltl l; itaev. ~ ilr. Perry, ith li.i lt t v. 3 1r. latker, luser hill ; Illr. \1r. l)anilJ.Oln, il lan r.) urallte of S. J.lla?es', .ll. lt tt;lilt I; lt ti - Ii.lt?l paritr, he is tev. J.Y'. W1ilsot. 'iThu caiurgu was rea?asikably i-olt ilna , allta werll suited tito tlr Ircatu tllsttui ces i~l the tilltts. lDt suit ,I i sillI oai' the claurge Iiar, lrdlip ecMotd ti ibly ailctase, maid if . artnllestlllt d tl?l toqIlae are any indicatiotns it Ca.risiam.t at-al, l)r. l'err) evait.tily is in A iaruarr.-'1 ht Ille eailanimit of the good tplCe of lSouth Portland has beet, nmuch iisturld Itely., by tIle eccentric doitngs o1f a reputed ghost." 'icle ghost in questionl chloo e, is thle scenel of his pertribulations the lcality of the little bridge, by the Botanic Garden, where, dressed in a white sheet and .Onetimtsl t I ll l fours, his delight is to fri.hten a las?urs by anid plrticnlarly womien and children. Parties of amen and tlaoys have been ill clha-e for Stie evenings past, and thte IPolice Ihave bcin on tihe look titt, biut hitherto lthe glhoaut has escapetd by his reuarka?bly fist- runnlll ing tod bly leaping over the iotanic Garden fence. A man must be hard up for amusement to have resort to so reprehensible a practical joke. The Police, we learn, have sOe clue to the iliscovery of the spirit and we tayV therefore expect his ghostship's career will sootl ie cut ,hort. 'ni'l'a T Catlairr.-i)n ltlluaclay the 6th day of Ma.y, His onor .\ir. lJustice oltksworth, uoliactl, the Circuit Court. Thie Calendler was wciihtier thani on any precedin* occi.ion in the history of Ptortlatd. The sating oc cupied olt er two days. I lie follhwiaTg is a list of thie c ases. Peter ,louir. lan loriinal, cluargedl with wilful raller of 'iL an hoaarta?ial wtomatllt. ta'illiat li nll'chly chitr, iiod with assault al r:iape on onie I.lizaltth 'Tlmlatllnis. Ilobert .icllveanna, with beawtiality. SiDita I lllali aini, wiatlh wilful mlaurder of Elitle Iloulih.at. tJaiaes (bl~ltns, with wilful murder of James .iMorton. 'llialoias Arden, robbery froni the person of 'Thiltaas Ka:te. In tilse e lof Peter hJo.Tir the aborigine and .Iais (;ibbo?s, the Coaurt ;passed aCne tence f death llll ithiut tile tope of melrcy andlllll sinlce thiat time thle pri.olers have blieeni retnoved to the Melbllolrne jail. The 7lel lourlne .Iru,/a it Friday lilth in spealkingl of the pri-oacers stays :--l)owi to a very late hoar last nighit, niothing was known ofl the deterallitatitn of tihe (iGovernor in Council as to the carr ying out of thie seitence on the prisoners lately condeimned to deatih it Portland. Against Robert Mellhcns the attempt at beastialaty was estalblishled andl the prisoner was coladaninfeaa to i15 ntaatithls impityrisotnmtnCit. bitanon tI loaalat?li for the " wilful Iirder" tf his alife has fotnlrl gtilly but acquitedt oti tilt ograaad ta ii'flity, atlil it is iarobalble that hlie aill bte imlparisotltdl for life. ThoIat Artlaii for rotulaery froa the ilcerson of Kitne was acqntltte ata i the |)risonter llalloehy for rape was reaaatleahd till the next sittitig of the Court It was clearly estalllislhet itt overy case that drutnkel.taess was tue garihnar) if asot httatitedLate catase 0i all tlte crtacis. At ii thie Ilotae Couttrt).y sao it t use allonies, strongl drinak hias miiich to matanwar for, aitad it is jtlstitt ito hiave tat recard thiat drunkct twas at ottone time aniaust uial t'rsal in Victoria, is now that nearly sat arevalent, end it ti to l)e hoped that as ilte tiunaalie life aubasides into fixed resi dac', the dtmon o" lnteatperance will be totally destroyed. Tʜᴇ Lᴀᴛᴇꜱᴛ ᴀʙᴏᴜᴛ ᴛʜᴇ Gʜᴏꜱᴛ.—Ghosts like emnttaa tt mortals ii easy Itt pretmtld uctsmiaally change thea Inlcatty tf lhair Itrt smatbulstiutas. W'italbtr this law is unlversal r the colatrary we rasntataat for thlt treslLent ituo to a'aquie, bu, it aitjtsirs ht)l our Sotall l't.ralaDld Kiit? l tatw a svisitng titthe I?tl wlhas Ia otlot h' ra llri e hei hals toltlth'il, lti wtlii liar a stlt no. aslbi If run rttr ttalla truiti lais glaustaii, I e atr-a gtlhliug aloa'i Illasitck...lr,-ei a- law etvttihgag sitne a misa ill 'ta ecitialt o.a ttaa, Csollo ?hurch, Tha sititer.s lag la. aor sasi w. hs hisIbler I haat IAsauOSNo. Mawrce. T .Na nnwo..-The result of the ltlouaghhlag Matclh recently hhld at llidtlgewmter h, prtsbsbly incited a lat-l* bl desire for rivalry amongst the f?armers of ?Narrawong, and at a pubic smeeting as we learn from our contemporary held at the " l'lough Ju]ln " it was uanaimtouasly agreed that ai Match should be hield in that neighbourhood on the 24th inst. At the wind up of the Bridgewater Match uas reported in thte Gulr diaon, a scheme was submitted for the for mation of an "Agricultural and I lorticultural Society," intended to embrace the residents generally in the Portland district. Would it ntot be as well fier the farmers of Narrawong to consider inn how far they might be able to co-operate in carrying out the projected Society 7 Maany lhands' says the oli saw, t"make light work," andt we suppose that this will hold good in farmintg is itn any othler sort of work where union Imay be stupposed to give strength. Isolation and desultory efforts however Inadable, can never attain that position whichl combination may iccoln. plish, anti so long as there are other opern. lions as well ais plotuglhilng connected with farming we contcnnd tihtiltan Agricultural aind lHorticultural Socicty it sctablisheld out a pro per basis would conlfer manIlly advantaisges upon this locality whlere nltich hais, yet to be learned of what the soilt o or Western District is capab!e. We would throw out these suggestions in the hope thait some of those practically acquainted with the workinll of such societies as recomnmended, will elahor ate the scheme, and set the proper machinery in motion to carry it out. Stuones D)cArT.-l.,r soini time pIst Mr. Doueal lt the lus hu I1nt, IHywiood, Ianl bveel ailing, but as thi dicutlse in the fist instance wvas not consitdered s serious as to requir, tile services of a mlatdical mllan, Io slvice had b''n irocured.-On Thir-day lat, 15tlh Ire left 110)woodl, Ifr thl purposi of att.'elig to somitOe pIrivite ibusitne.s in Portland, nd all e to luke imu,.icsl advice. lie left by the coach Indl ot lthe way got so w?eak thait one of th e calch: drsiver, wn. olligdt to support him from fulling trort tih box, aind lie was nsssiul, enltliy placedsl ituile. -Ons reachling the Cnled'oniils Ian,, the sylnalltolnls l illnes bsu becuti soulasriIg thatI he was taken frosts the U coch Und illllace ill thie lsnt, and a mtnsseinger d.ltt.l.teed in hli.t for Dr. Grier, but who only nrrived itl timell tosee Mr. I)osuel expire.-- An inquet wa held during Fritday, wlhen the auboiv fiact. were elicited. l)r. Orler tiade' is iO.t miortetm ass linlationand the flrnling of thM jury wsr that disease of tlle heart was the i.isediallte cause of'death. ScAmL.rrsa.-- This dangerous disease has again made its appienrance int Ptortland, and at thie .lresent time about a dozen persons are uffecteId. alAGo PE:tis.--''ireslay's Orens Constitu tion says :-" We saw three pears yesterlday I sighing unitedtly si pour;als wel a U111, which were grown int the gnrden of Mr. Johnt Wallace's ipremlises at the Nine Mile. As a sipecilnlel of elelhantille fruit, the3 will hb?er comparison with anu thin ''e lhave ever steel or read of; enot excep'lting the gigantic goos. berry or the mautmllotlh Ipusukin so swell kleewln to th.. reue'rs of ELiglaisf used Au.tri cua papnera." 