frito of Wiit mx)t 9§nmmx. Voltaire once introduced a gentleman named Adam in a very ambiguous manner. He said — ct I beg to introduce M. Adam, gentlemen, but he is not the first of men I' A thorough reprobate being at the point of death, a priest drew near his bed, saying : ' I come to exhort you to die!' ' And I,' replied the other, 'exhort you to let me die !' A hangman was conducting a poor fellow to the gallows. ' I will do my best,' he said to him, ' but I atn bound to tell you that I have never hanged any body before.' 'To tell you the truth,' replied his patient, ' I have never yet been submitted to the operation. But what of that ? We will help each other, and I dare say we shall manage the matter between us.' A Gascon and a Picard were about to be executed. The Picard shed tears, and his_ companion exhorted him to keep up his courage. ' Ah,' said the Picard, ' it's easy enough for you Gascons to talk; you're used to being hanged.' A foolish fellow meeting a man who was going to be hanged, asked him the reason why. . ' I am a great culprit,' replied the felon ; 'last winter I dried some snow in the oven and sold it for salt !' ' What a villain!' cried the other, 'you deserve your fate.' Mademoiselle X. having quarrelled with her lovei-, Monsieur Z., resolved to Hll herself. Procuring a loaded pistol she pointed it at the spot where she believed her heart to be, and fired. To her great sur prise she found that she was not dead, but a watch, which hung at her waist was smashed to pieces. ' What a nuisance !' she exclaimed, ' that watch cost me 250 francs.' Another gentleman who sought her favors happened to come in the moment after the attempt was nmde, and learning its cause, took Mademoiselle to a celebrated jeweller, replaced the watch by a more costly one, and set off with her next day for Baden, so that nothing was destroyed here but the lady's love for Monsieur. Styles of Consolation. — A Man's ? Wei', I'H tell you what you must do. A Woman's — Ah ! I told you how it would be. — Punch. Quoth Giles from the Dock to my Lord on the Bencb, Who with poaching offences was twitting him : ' If us poachers do live by the znaring o' hares, Zuro you lawyers do live by the splitten' em.' ' Tom,' said an old former one day to one of his mowers ' do you know how many horns there are in a dilemma ?' ' Well, no, not 'zactly,' replied Tom ; ' but I know how many there be in a good quart of ale?' ' Why do you wear your hair so long ?' asked a student of his companion, whose locks fell over his brow. 'Because I haven't time to get it cut,' was the reply. ' I might as well ask why is your head so bald?' 'My dear fellow,' said the other, ' I haven't time to let mine grow.' The following, though old, will be interesting to those who are fond of sausages : — A lady having purchased some sausages off a couple of boys, over heard them talking about the money. ' Give me half of it,' says one. ' I -won't,' says the other. 'Now, that ain't fair ; you know it ain't, Joe, for half the pup was mine.' A toast — to be recited rapidly : — ' Here's to us and our's, likewise to you and your's, aud if you and your's love us and our's as we and our's love you and your's, you and your's will be always welcome with us and our's ; and if ye two love us two as we two love you two, may we two often meet you two, but if ye two love us two less than we two love you. two. may this be a parting cup to us two and you two.' ODE TO TOBACCO. Thou who, when fears attack, Biddest them avaunt, and Slack Care, at the horseman's back Perching, unseatest ; Sweet when the morn is grey ; Sweet, when they've eleared away Lunch ; and at close of day Possibly sweetest : I have a Hiring old For thee, though manifold Stories, I know, are told, Not to thy eredit ; How one (or two at most) Drops make a cat a ghost — Useless, except to roast — Doctors have said it : How they who use fusees All grow by slow degrees Brainless as chimpanzees, Meagre as lizards ; Go mad, and beat tlieir wives — Plunge (after shockisg lives) Razors and carving knives Into their gizzards : Confound such knavish tricks ! Yet know I five or six Kmokers who freely mix Still with their neisrhbois ; Jones — (who, I'm glad to say, Asked leave of Mrs. J.)— Daily absorbs a clay After his labors : Cats may have had their goose Cooked by tobacco-juice ; Still why deny its u^a Thoughtfully taken ; We're not as tabbies are : Smith, take a fresh cis;ar ! Jones, the tobacco-jar ! Here's to thee, Bacoa ! Doctobs' Emoluments.— Of the slow promotion in medical ranks, even in the case of the most skilful and deserving, the earnings of Sir Astley Coopes afford a striking example. In the first year he netted five guineas ; in the second, twenty-six pounds ; iu the third, sixty-four pounds ; in the fourth, ninetv six pounds; in the fifth, a hundred pounds ; in tho sixth, two hundred pounds; in the seventh, four hundred pounds ; in the eighth, six hundred and ten pounds; and in the ninth, the year in which he secured his hospital appointment, eleven hundred pounds. The highest amount he ever received in any one year was £21,000 ; but for many years his average income was over £15,000, ° 