LITTi.E CAPET. A BKILFUXÍ Belgian bas painted avery toa ch in g picture of a wan,-squalid child, crouching and shivering on. the ground in the corner of a miserable room. Tho face-is one ot tho3e oval French-child faces, very smooth and very yellow, patterns of which, we see flitting by us in scores over the Fields- Elysian, districting their scream- ing nnl bunneiless bonnes. A French boy's face. to the life ; wanting only the little frill round its'neck, and those other elegancies. ; pf dress with which the exquisite-taste of Frenoh 'mammas love to invest their offspring. But this French child's face looks out with a piteous stony insensibility. It seems to- shrink away, from an unseen uplifted hand. Its clothes aro torn and ragged;- its thin limbs, much shrunk away, protrude. Shown at the Great Dublin Exhibition in 185Bj among other notable pic- tures, it drew succeeding hémicycles of com- miserating spectators ;; faces-of mothers espe- cially-with tearful' eyes, sorrowing over that miserable child. The name of the skilful Bel- gian-ÍB Wat pera, and'a little Bonnet Rouge or French of Cup of Liberty, tossed' lightly int a- comer, tells us who is this boy with, the Frenoh boy's- face ; the most unhappy child-taking bim in reference to his station-that ever lived ; the miserrimus of little ones, ,the ecape-goat of< tender years driven out into the desert, \--third of our series, and Louis tho last but . one. , Miserrimus of royal children: the littleproto martyr of kings' sons I This is a piteous" dis- tinction ;-- a wretched notoriety. Never did ohild of a royal' line bear so many sorrows. When the courtiers and noble, ladies poured in-to see ' ¡him at Versailles on tho night of his birth, which »took place at " five minutes before seven in the ¡evening"-for events of this obaraoter are noted as with a stop-watch-and the cannon was-thun dering from all the fortresses, and the fireworks were squibbing off in the-Place d'Armes, and there, was universal delight and congratulation at this fresh'introduction of royal flesh and blood into the world-how would that smirking, simpering ruik of fine Indies and gentlemen have been aghast, had it been-whispered to them that the splendid infant just arrived, that tender fleur-de-lis whom - in a few hours the minister was to invest in all state with the Ordor of tho Holy Ghost, would by-and-by becomo as the most squalid little Arab of the most squalid quarter of the otty, and would give up-its per- secuted spirit on a stone floor, fairly eaten away with dirt and vermin,. its heart worn oat with ill-usage and starvation! It would be only »>tu»-i »Kol «HA.Rueeestion-besides beincr un genteel and out of place in a royal palace should bc dismissed as impossible. Poor ohild! that walked from its cradle, always prattling and gambolling, and saying pretty things, straight to that hideous- destiny. Bettor had- some of the hundred-and-one ogres-croup,, whooping cough,nnd other ailments, that wait' in ambush, for ohildron of tender years- burst out and' strangled it ^ even with the result of obliging tho noblo gentlemon and ladies of tho court to exchange their bleu-de-roi and Toso- colourod silks-for unbecoming sableii, and putting them through all tho gradations of the" greater and tho little grief.*' > Wo know thiB Royal Boy intimately. Evan in the horror and agitation, of those days, of June and August which precoded their removal to the-Temple, they thought cf making him sit tb Monsieur Dumont-tho famous miniature painter-and who was besides "Painter in ordinary, to the Queen." Turning over tho fashionablo ''-who's'' who?'' of the year-a boastful octavo of vanity, bursting; with strings of names and :officeB, and christened tho Royal Almanack-we light upon this gentleman, set out gloriously with all his style and titles. Someway,, a refer- ence of this sort, a scrap, a newspaper, cutting, brings a poriod homo to us with, a greater vitality. It is as though wo had sent for the Directory, and were searching out ISL Dumont's address with a view to calling on him profes- sionally. His miniature has como down' to us ; for a marvel having escaped being crunched under the hoof of an " unbreeched." Thc most lovely chesnut hair, tumbling in profuse ringlots upon his shoulders, largo blue eyes of wonderful sweotnoss and intelligence, with the rich vermilion lips of his beautiful moth or,, and a special dimple, for which she was noted, -ex- actly reproduced. Ho was tho child whom ladies would love to call ovor to thom and take on their laps and smother with kisses. His little neck was opon with a wido collar, turned over, and a dainty frill ; with a diminutive coat and small Robospiorrcan fl ups and buttons. Such a protty boy 1 so young, so sweet tcmperod, so gracious, BO ready and clever I Wo may bo suro gos ips marvollod at the ab-> sonco of tho truo Bourbon elements, and won dorod suspiciously how ho could ovor como to bo shaped into tho truo and genuino Bourbon typo. Wc, who look baok, cannot soo tho makings ofthat poriect character, which should dovolop thomsolves into tho Btiff-nookqdncss, mulishness, insouBibility, cruolty, nnd othor virtues which adorn scions of that famous lino. Tho chronicles of tim protty child's sayings and doings aro very full-indeod, are almost BoswollhiD in their nhundnnco. If wo aro to trust theso nota-books, ho was making wiso, affectionate, Brnart, nnd witty opooohes all day long. But tho truth is, most of theso dotailB como from a suspicious direction, hoing fur- nished by a sort of dynasty of Valets, whoso work must necessarily have a savour of thoir office. Ho doubt thorc wcro brnvo and faithful moninls about him, from whom wns purgod away, DB by firo, this corrupting influonoo. Still, Mr, Carlyle cautions us against what ho calls men of tho valot species, not professionally filling that office, yot who havo a crookdd flunkoy twig tied up with their hundió of ococntrio sticks. Much moro should wo bo on our guard against an original un- stated ftrtlclo. Thoro îfl g ypjot way of viewing things, an innocent menial., exaggeration wbicl magnifies, a gaping bumpkin wonder ant eonsequent distortion, nod a gradual go)therin| of.moss as ..the narrative stone-rclls-on.-Th< valet historian, become of a sudden the de positary of important faots, finds his detoilt accumulate prodigiously with eve^freshTrebifa and as he. grows older, thickens his varnish and deepens his colours. So was it with th« showman at Waterloo; so , is it with that ex valet who now tells and sells' his stories at th« Invalides. Therefore must we accept these legends of little Capet with a grain of salt J It muBt have been a fearfully wise child thal at four years , old could address its father in s speech of this description: "Paps, I have a fine immortelle in my garden ; H will bo at once my gift and my compliment. In presenting il to-m ara tn a, I shall say, May mamma resemble my flower !" Only . oonceivo four years old ! How his amo zed parent must have locked at him as he lisped his way. through this elaborate period. Another time-still rising four years-he astounds Us by a* neat ingenious tarn which should be held up to all ordinary children at their lessons. Ho-was making some strange sounds.with-his mouth over his task, and was scolded. -" Mamma,"' said the mysterious in- fant, "I WÜB hissing myself,'because I'said my lessons BO badly.? Some one tried to stop him forcing hiB;way through some briars.' ' Opposi- tion was instantly silenced by tba, reply, "Thorny,ways lead to glory." He fell down on the gravel-walk, and picked himself up with four lines of aa apt quotation from La Fontaine. He made puns; checking'himself in bis inten- tion of bringing'some sonáis (a species of flower) to his mother, because she had already a suffi- ciency of them ('cares). He was fearfully- ready with his classics, and told'some one that hs was more fortunate than Diogenes' because he had fouud a man and *'good friend. He liked his garden grenadiers (flowers)- very much, but would rather bo at the bead of living grena. diers., He was, m Bhort, a* royal "terrible childi" No,, this is the valet's child; the changeling oi the servants' hall. The poor hapless boy has been so bewailed, talked over; - wept over, - that he has been actually gossiped into a hew shape. There is a handsome margin left for the good and the sympathising^-who would weep over the wretobed destiny of the mos*-., gifted and pro- mising child ever born to a crown. . As ft matter.of course, he was- soon put to tako his-part in tho theatrical shows of the time. The llttlo Boyal Red Book alluded-toj shows a catalogue'of names-crowded as-tho,names of an army list-who.form« the rank- and file of the various-" houses" of his majesty,, the queen, o*f Monsieur, and the- other persons of, «' the blood and, naturally enough, the little Capet had- his share in the sb ow. He was splendidly glorified,this royal bambino,as yetonly toddling across the palace saloons, with a whole' depart- ment to himself,, labelled " Education of my Lord-the Dauphin.'' '. He-was encumbered with a superfluity of stately supervision, and watched over-by a governor-in- chief;.two sub-governors, two- clerical tutors or " institutors,"'a. reader, a secretary in ordinary, a governess,- and four sub governesses. ? We have always some picturesque glimpse of ttuVfavoured«hild. , Now. we look down at him from the Toileries windows, pacihgibis gardens nt the head» of a tall company- of ' National Guards, he himself a tiny National Guard in a miniature uniform. How- comic the contrast botween this-Tom Thumb Dauphin pacing up and down in- his Lilliputian rngimontnls. and the gr Ave giantB in tho . cocked hats stalking solemnly behind html TT» marin speeches to these warriors with a quaint. old;fashioned oero monionsness- that makes- us- smile. Ho apologised for.the smallness- of his own private garden where ho himself was gardener, regret- ting that its-little walks could not accommodate the gentlemen who came- to visit-him. That ! fatally precocious .wisdom,, and strange readi- ness of s paech, someway- suggest the childish artner in the firm of Dombey and Son. The Toaa Thumb uniform was soon changea» and wo soo him presently, in the full dress of n miniature colonel-Colonel of the Piool'uomim' -or, more- respectfully,, the Boyol Dauphin Regiments Royal Bonbon,, said the French, gamins, screaming with- laughter, as the little - men fluttered. their', colours,, beat their drums,, saluted, carried ,arms,, and relieved guard " at " important posts,, in a droll parody on their elders. By-and-by this Tom Thumb colonel will appear in other dresses. Alas 1: not uniforms. He . will be looking, back, with despair in that boy-old ago of his,, from out of darkness of soul and body, to that mimic coloneling ! . . Our little Capet was fated to know somo troubled nights during.his short spun of ten years. It seemed, to- be his destiny to bo per- petually awakened' fro TO. his first sleep, towards midnight, and to be snatched from his. cot and hurriedly dressedv ,Or else, where all tho ele- ments were raging, and the human storm howl- ing, to be brought out and held up by .way of ?Bhow, to soothe tho agitation. On a child's mind those midnight rousings must have loft a bewildering impression. For, indeed, into that ton years whioh made up his little lifo were compressed tho whole seven agos of man. He saw a kind of copy of youth, of manhood, and tho terrible enforced decay of a childish old age. I fancy no lifo of that duration was ever so crowded with gaudy scones, horrid nightmare picturos, and snatches of Elysium, nil jumbled together in violent contrast 1 As ho shall lio hereat*ter, shrunk and coilod up in a cornor of his dark coll, with a film beforo his cyos, and brain disordered by discaso, litorally rotting away, what a company of spootroB shall bo with him all night long 1 How tho black voil, which always hung boforo tho dark walls, joust havo parted and floated away to tho right and ' to tho loft showing him ghostly pictures, theatrical tableaux, such as ho had ofton gazed at from tho royal box in tho Paris theatre 1 We, too, can seo them os well ns ho. TABLEAU FIRST. .. . A snatch of Elysium ! There was surely ono happy night to look hack to, that in tho hall of tho theatre at Versailles-that pretty playhouse which strangers and holiday-folk now; go down to admire. Thora has been a weight of esra over tho great palace, for the monstor dungeon has boon destroyed ; tho pcoplo aro growing strangely insolent and ovon dangerous ; and tho littla prattling child keeps down ita spiritB* seeing how dejected and anxious scorn tho king and qucon. Whon, of that lirai, of Oolobor night, ho is drossod smartly and talton down with momma and papa into tho theatre, where tho newly nrrivod officers aro dining, ho goes silent and wondering. What a blane of light what cries of joy and enthusiasm'; for the ofiicors aro all standing up in wild oxoitomont, having sprung to their feet on their entranco, nnd n.vo shouting «. Vivo lo Roi," and swearing eternal Addi ty. Tug vision nf (hat boHUtUnl maroma and ber children has bad much to da with ihiB. They will die for that lovely ladv Down with the vile cockades of the nation and trample- them under foot Í" thé colour ha» come back to her cheeks-tho kingly face smiles benignant. _...Let"us - all join-scarlet-coated Swiss, Qnard National in the Hogarthian suear loaf soldiers' hats, and officers-of the Royal Plunders Regiment-and', drawing swords I drink frantically to our dear sovereigns. 'J Beg them all now-in ..an-old print-standing up and pledging that beautiful lady- and I see the orchestra in cocked-hats, high; up* in a corner just striking up the sweet airrrtO Biohard! i O my king ! though nil the . world abandon thee I " Haloyon nigh t ! We'm'ay be sure there I .was joy and .soft serenity -up-stalrs-, in the palace bed-chambers os it was talked over. j There were' sweet tranquil dreams. All would j yet be, well. We are strong in tho love of those Idear French hearts ! An ugly twinge of recollection.;' Four days after, the Bavage fish women are storming the splendid palace. 'They are in the salons-, ¿hs gardens, every where 1 And then, followed the , hotr dusty, weary procession to Paris. Then are brought back in triumph the baker,, the bakers wife, and. the baiter's boy. Eittle Dauphin wonders ; why thoy should call bini a baker's boy. TASLlSAÜ SECCHm-. Very* often he must have been back again, on that hot Jone day-twentieth; of the month when he and his little sister noticed that papa and mamma were whispering, and seemed agi- tated ; and the confidential ladies flitted to and1 fro, and whispered secretly with their majesties. Sharp, penetrating ohild as he was, we may be sure he put many penetrating questions to that sub-govern ss of his, ard lady in waiting, who took them ont for their ffve o'clock evening.walk. Then, that strange awakening at eleven o'clock, when the lamps were oil lighted, and'his drowsy eye so ar eely able to keep open, sawthe rooms full of people, and faceBbending over him, and his dear mamma,-hurried and agitated, in- a travol ' ; ling-dress. The good Madame Brünier whis- pers that he is to got up, for they are going a journey, and ba- is to be very still, Uko a dear child, for mamma.' And here is a little gitl't frock of brown calico, which he is to pat on no matter why, he will be told another time. No wonder, he thinks, " They are going. to tot a comedy." No matter, he- will beer all atout it in the mornings and now he is so dreadfully sleepy .that he lets his head drop on-Madame da No vii le's knees, who bas sat down on the stairs, and ia dreaming m a moment. .' Here is the cool night air, and here are the stars, and we are in tbe- Carrousel court. What-does it all mean? . Here are sentries challenging, and here - is the- street. Where are- we going ? . Hash, little-- Aglae, (strange rechristening that !)'.> So he turns round, and in a moment is again asleop on the1 lady's shoulder. .¿1 <.?« In- an inflammatory journal-¡of the time now upon the writer's shelves-appears , a . print_of- this-crossing-of - tbe-Carrousel ;: coming out within. . a weekk of the transac- tion^ as it might bereut in-the Illustrated Paris News. Thé king\ bas1 à round, "wide- awake" bat and a . lantern, the ládies have the-pillow-shaped ¡bonnets - and- pelisses ? of the time,, and the fiacre*- is - seen-waiting in the archway with its ' letter and numbor con- spicuous, " L 10.";; r When our little- prince opens hiB ? eyes again, they are in tho huge berime, rumbling and creaking over »he rough- stoneB, of Borne highway loading worn. .Paris* It ls ^eiy dark», and the tall trees lining the* road flit by. like speotres. Driver's whip is- heard cracking loudly, and we roll» and totter forward at a great speed. No wonder>:we have six posting horses attached. Are- we indeed going to act a-<oomedy ? For here, .crowded together inside,. ¡are the Baroness Korff and her two daughters ¡(of which you, Aglae, aro- one), and her gover- ness, played by momma, and a lady's-ma/d,- and a valet, performed by . papa- At any other, time wo might laugh. See,. papa nas oven a pana port, with the baroness's name. (Wo are tole that paper is to be-seen to this day ; that official document, with the round letters tumblinj backwards, and tho official writing and the seal, and Louis's o wa. signature.) Sleep again !., Was-there ever such- a long night ? So chilly, too-such a sense of< weary protraction 1 Now,.indeed, we are roused by roar of voiceband lanterns flashing in at »he windows, and fierce scowling faces looking so angry, and wo o»n sec too, that mamma is very pale and frightened. It is -midnight by »he church clock of this little country town that looks so strange, and hero wo are all getting down,and entera mean house. Soldiers, crowds, lights,;guns,.bells ringing, roar-what, does it all mean ?. But ne drop off to sleep again, in a corner of tho room, for we are very, tired, and wake up next morning book again, in Paris with the sun shining, at the very gato of the Tuile- ries. Still in tho great coach, but despair in mamma's and papa's faces 1 A horrid feverish . night that,we must-never;think oil I TABLEAU THIRD. i Again roll away the black dungeon walls; and here ore lights and flowers, and scones, and gallery over gallery, and a whole sea of faces, j turned upwards and looking towards tho royal box. This night has the king and queen and little prince visitedjtho French comedy, Thoyare» playing a piece with a strangely significant titjo -Unforeseen Evonts-and from the frontof this box tho pretty child of six years looks, down and laughs and makes his remarks. No doubt tho burr nnd murmors abroad, tho fiotco inso- lent figures, so froo with their bold apocónos and deportment, who clustor in mobs at tho palace gatos, and. speak to his mother as " tho Austrian," ara beginning to woigh upon his little soul and puzzle his brain. But hore, to-night, was a strange sceno : a houso cram mod from floor to coiling, a porterre donsely packed, rising to chcor their majesties. Hal« and handkerchiefs waving. Half a dozen voices groan a protest, but aro overpowered ana driven out by tho loyalists. Hark to tho comic valet and tho soubrette, who aro at tho foot- lights singing couplets in praiso of their master and mistress up-slairs. " Ah I" thoy join m tho burdon : 41 Sorely wo must mako them hippy I Buroly we must moko tbem happy I and tho pit is on its foot ohooring and vociferat- ing " Yes 1 yes!" Something vory sweet in this night ol IO' i manoo-tho ligiits, tho music, that dohciou« rapture of our subjocts-to send us homo wita ? tears of joy. ltoyol momma and p»P»i supremely happy, dream that all may yot bo won. TAiiLiîAU roonm Tho horrid day of tho twontioth Juno, wlion tho red-onppoi " brocchloss" poured in wno pilcos, and floodod tho palace-ho would shut that out if possiblo-whon thoro was a oras nen doors brokon in, and tho royal Indy, clutcuing j him ia lier arms, is hunted from oü«g!>?i i chamber-sliding panels-secret passagei .nd a howling mob outside 1-when, t a ^table WBB drawn in front of 1 as a .feeble barrier against the fran human waves pouring in nt Ino do A roar, and the vile red cap is upon that nol lady's'flowing hair; another roar, and a cry " Littlb Veto 1" and that decoration is upon ! own head. Pikes flourish in the air, wild worn como up to his mother and shake their cloe fists in her faoe. Savage men gather rou him and question him, and he gives them I quaint answers. . So it rolls on, wearily, an: ousiy, until night, when the waters rece slowly/and the palace is at peace. Close, ic disordered seqnenoo,"follow other terrible day this, rousing of him at midnight by boating drums and tocsin, and the great bells'ringing f and wide over Paris, as for fire, and the wornt rushing in and dressing him ' horriedly. N without a shudder can he think of that awfi daybreak. Tho messengers hurrying in wit news that all is lost, and that tho king must di and'of that sad procession when he was carrie in tho grenadier's arms, and hoard the air rei with tho cries " Death to the tyrant I" As 1 looks back over the grenadier's - shoulder, 1 sees'the smoke from the windows, and throug tito smoke the scarlet coats of his father's Swis and cannon lumbering by bim with fierce me in blouses and tho eternal red cap, tugging thet on with ropes. ; Then tho interminable daj cramping in the little box in the Assembly, wit myriads of hostile faces glaring on them, th stifling overpowering bent, tho shots outside the ¿periodical eruption of savage men, a smirched and bloody, their hands full of rici gold and silver, plundered from papa's palace But;it; comes to an end, like other long wear, days we shudder tb thinköf; and then the blacl pall rolls its dismal folds over all 1 Wo are most of'us familiar, by aid of Vale Clerc's touching narrative'' and M. Ducbesne' researches,'with the stages' of ' that martyrdom of the little St. Louis. We know the minutes . details of that frightful persecution, the degra dation of mind and body, that masquerading it the red cap, that drugging:of him with strong spirits, that forcing upon bis innocent tongui vile street songs and licentious ballads., Nay there are yet to be seen those shaking trembling signatures,'wrung from him by a fearful terror ism Í. and even the tailor's bills, for fnrnishint "thé son pf Capet.'' with "striped Pekin ' 'waistcoats, and the "ells of superfine cloth! for a'coat. These little records, like Mr. Filbye bills,'recovered for tis by Mr. Forster, touch us moro, than volumes of description. We maj follow the steps of his sufferings, with a minute ness'unparalled in the history of gaols. We have a secret yet unsubstantial trust that there hat been'"sp'me exaggeration. We take one glance at that piteous picture, which somehow comos homo; to our hearts nearest of all, when thc child was discovered at midnight kneeling on his pallet, and praying in his dreams, ina sort of divino rapture; and when the savage who guarded him came with a pail of water and so brought him back to. life, and sent him crouch, ing andi cowering into a corner.. Was ho dream- ing of the oolestial palaces, and of that dear papa and mamma whom his affectionate heart had already enthroned there, and who woro hold- ing out their arms to him from thosehnppy sunny gardens where there would, bo' np more terrible days of blood, and wild savage) men and cruel gaolers? . The end and a happy delivery carno speedily. Joyful days, long wished-for,. came about, when a slow wasting away and lassitude set! in, and his strength gave way,-and his gentle spirit was beaten m the struggle. During those hours kind voices whispered to him, kind faces bent over him, and, smoothed his; pillow^ On ihat lost day, a .littlo after - noon, bo heard a sort Of divinó- music filling the room; then, looking eagerly towards tho full light streaming in ht the .window, palled to his keeper that he had something to tell him. The keeper bent down and .listened ; but tho hoad was-sinking gently, lower ' and yet lowor, upon thc young breoBt ; and; thé: .'spirit and little Capet had sped to whore tho wicked cease- to trouble and the weary find repose.-All the Year Round. 