EASTERN MONARCJtS. (From tko China Mail.) lhe dentil of the Emperor of China so soon after that of tho Sultan of Turkey has proved Mig"estiye to the minds of those who view the progress of events from a moderate eminence. Both* of the men seemed to coiisid r that the Assumption of sovereignty meant nothing more tlnm entering upon possession of a suits of pleasnie j-nlac^, and leaving behind them th<> virtues of life and tho duties of Maf, to i'c attended to in that world from winch they finally retired on assumina tho sovereignty. The spread of English rule and tho influence of I.n lis), contact in the East, have con* .sttlerahly di*sipattd the idess of awe and f tdendour which, m tha native mind, have been attached, in a degree we can have only a stcall conception of, to the person of majesty. Th -ir owu vovtuigntica ha\e e\erheen surrounded with oil the gorgcoas 1 pomp'and circumstance of bar'rrtrfo splendour.. Their garaeus, th<ir fountains, ilieir snratutr 1 palaces, might indeed h.»ve been rivalled in simply brauty and masterly structure by our own at Syden hum; hut for extravagance d design and expensivo elaboration, the'palaces of old eastern Woi.arehs muU have the fireplace. it is a remarkable feature too, as,showing the pneise difference between tho spirit iir the two rules-the old Urbatian and th& modern civilised-that the gramcst works of engineering skill, anil the nost beautiful pro. ductious of architectural design arc, with U3,\m possesion of the people and ereet(d solely for tluir pleasure " or coiiveuieiice; vliile under ihe 0:4 Asiatic sovereignties, the wealth of an entire empire w<uild sometimes be seized, sooner than tho mcnarch should want, puifts to crowd his treasure vaults, and rare delights fiom cvt-ry comer of the earth'to furnish forth his pulaccs and pleasure grounds. The two scveieigns who have jn>-t (]c. parted, bote the impress of that vjiirit we nn^ beMevo to.be disappearing in the presence of cm liaed *rrile; and* few regrets'havo attended their demise.' There could be no more swcep'm» cow dcinnation of am ait's entire life than that no ono should be found to sorrow Kt his decease; but it is a deserved censure upon the useless and coutemptiblo manner in which the late Emperor aud tluhto Sultan passed tho wholu of their imperial dAj?. They never reached the sere and yellow leaf, mid consequently could not know the bitterns c>f» wanting '* that which should accompany old age, of honor, troops of frieudswhich neither of the itu hecileB just cone could ever hare looked to h&vea; Their regrfitlessdea'h, taken in connection witbthd undignified business of their lives, calls toniin tln»Bc two very | rcttylines rendered by Sir W.Jenu from the Teisiau of Uafiz: Upon thy mo'hct's knee, a new born chUd, v> ccpiog tLou w »t whdo all around ihee unllcd; So UTC. that, inking mlo -'ealh's lose deep, (,'a m tbuu loay'n ile, whl> all around thoe weep. \- The new Empcicrautl the new Sultan mayor may uoVbe awaie of th«! faetlh&t; a few more Teigm like those uf thtir predecessors are only wanted to scud their rrspcciivo empires crumbling to ruins. In Europe there i* too much political activity abroad to allow that system of imbecile government any longer to vxist, It is now plain from what has taken place in Italy that the sovereign who refuses to grant the reforms m-cessary to meet the spirit of the age will find himself very speedily jostled offhis throne. In Asia, for many reasous, it is not so easy to forsee events, the mind both of people and rulers not being so strongly marked or having Buch & uniform tendency in the direction of pro* gre>8. It is every evident, however, that the advent of a wise, vigorous, and liberal ruler, in such a nation as China, would be hailed with delight by all who are interested in the peaceful advancement of the whole continent. It is not therefore sur* prising that we should at this moment feel deeply interested in ascertaining the probable charac* tor of the next Chinese Government. Of the Prince of Kung, whose name is quoted among others as the probable successor to Hien Fang, the little we know is in favour of his moderation, wisdom, and liberality. Whether the change from Miniver to Emperor might cast n blighting influence over bis mind and temper is a matter of some un» certainty, for the distance betweeu the Emperor of China and his highest Prince, as evinced in the forms of language and the formalities of deportment binding upon the Inter when he approaches his sovereign, is such that the position of Celestial Em peror must, to an ordinary head, he frit as ra'her a giddying elevation. It is true that our rudeness in marching troops up to the walls of Peking, aud scaring the late monarch into a flight which ho never retraced, has estinguishid much of that false prestige which wan never, alter all, any ieal glory to the celestial crown; that crown has been restored^ by our audacity, toils proper mmnlano character* and it will bono loss to the nation if a wiBe ruler should aiis«>and keep it there; a practical ruler, who will do something els» than dream; a man who wil trj to play the man, and not wasto timo in seeking^ to rcernit hisctlesiinl pre enston>; who wilt set him*' s»df honestly to tbe appalling task of restoring order and prosperity throughout hi* vast empire, a task which it may take im>re than one reign to accom* plish, but should not at allot) that account be shrunk from. Hut it is to be feared that n<> such good for tune is in store for China It is so Istge an empire that it requires a century or two to destroy it. Every n» w Emperor is apt to calculate that the fabric will last out his time by the ai l of a few repairs that shall not be too costly or troublesome, and wv can all easily understand how prone any man whois'thrown into the position of governing China mukl be to forego the heavier burden of re forming, »nd content himself with tin* lighter task of leaving reform alone, <tnd attending to the here ditary .formalities which custom has prescribed for his obsi'ryanc".f So long as the canker of rebellion is distant, he will remain in his place and receive Ihe nut always corrcct reports of his general^ whom he will S 'i'laud and advance iu the manner his prc» deccssors have done for ages whenever those officers brought home a good account of themselves to j'eking. Such & course is so much easier than tak ing the field in person and looking to the state of his anny and the affairs of his proviuces, that no China* man is likely to depart from it on his own respon* sibility. There is still a dim hope that the new government of China will bo better than the old; worse it cannot be,-uuless by its superior strength it may manage to do more mischief. ? K TIGER STORY.-'The following is from the pea of an ensisu in the 72nd Regiment, just arrived at Khandalla:-" I met an o|«l schoolfellow, who was goinz out to shoot pigs, and he asked me to como with him. He lent me a single-barrelled rille, and w-)nt out, about a mile and a half from camp, to a place which was notorious for pigs. It was a deep ravine, with a vi>ry hi h mountain on one side, and a low one on 0 t other, and filled u;> wUh denso junule. My companion placed himself about the middle of the ravine, and I toi-k up my position near to tho end, where the laviue natvowed. We had below about 4<) beaters . r coolies, who began at tha open end and beat upwards towards me. They had pissed Ileyland without anvthinghavingbeenseeo» but as thi*y neared tbe spot wlu-icl was stationed I hear ) a rushing and breaking among the bushes, and naturally expected to see f-omc pigs come out, to 1 cocked m>* nflo and brought it up to my bhoul der ready, wheu to my utter amazement, out bounded a tiger. I then did what I have since bcea told was a wry foolish thing. I fired at hiuv with a sin jle-banvlled rifle. Luckily, tho shot stiuck hitn through both his fore-legs; hitdlhithira anywhero eNe he would have charged, and I should have had no chance of escape; as it w.is, however, he rushed on as well as he could into a small part of tk» jungle beyond m-, and we got him to show himself by making tho heaters roll down largo stones at him ; but he always tiisappeared again before wa had time to fire. At last 1 watched the exact spot where he went after one of those short appearances, and, making a lucky shot, sent a ball right through hU stomach. Upon this he got up, and with a frightful roar that m'ide my ilesh creep, he rushed hack to his old haunt, ivctmug two or three ball* in his budv as he bounded through the open spaco between the two jun le.s, It appeared, however, thai he was in no hurvv to give up the ghost, for ho got back all light to bis original lair. \Vl> now found, upen calling for more umtnunition, that natives who weie ca?ryin'i it had, through the exeiss of fear, thrown away every bullet we had. Wc had now no aUvrnative but to ride home fit fri:J>h supplies, whirh we did. after giving the . al* piits a wi'lhdeservcd thrashing, and we took ad an* tage of tbe opportunity of making a late breakmst; having done which we again suited for the fccuo 0; a. tuui, thU time each carrying two lilies a\d a large limiting knif*. Sop-wing up our pluck we eiiten d the iliiek of the jungle uu foot, and tracked him by hi* Muod. At lust a native pointed hita out to lle\la»:d, who tired at and woundt d him; tha tiger caute uUtr vis with a terrific r<'iir, and, con* siJeiing dtsereiioij the hett'f pait of valour, wd hastily im-unfcd a tree. This operation wan rfi* pcated time time-, aud at last we found him lying oil his hide, apparently dead. We went up within Gvu yards of him ti have a lonk at him, Ileyland li:iug I odi barrels at him, u» out J& yards oil', pro* W'-'Hiy, t'» nntke ccit iin «.f him : I ut I suppose io his incitement be mis-ed hint, th«* tiger never inovtMl. When we wt-r- al.out five yard* from him Ip'opused to v.iv« him v shot and make douU? sure; 1 ut H-.\\\la!il said. ' Xo, no! voj will spoil the shin,' nndiiid hoi.l of mvrilb*,"which 1, !»k« a fool, let jinking ihe brute mu-t I e dead;but as we were teliing aim her rtep f- r-.v.iid he rose with an awful i.V.iv, fnv:uv{ alter me. Ileyland ran down-hill, ami uot tili' i*il ii-ht; but I tan up hill si haid us 1 eo'ilan.l the ti-.jvi' spjaug alter inc. 11'^ l»st got'up to f-ouie coolbia who Iiud toHowcd usift our Hdvan-J", ami now numin" nwav af fait a> they eo-ild, and 1 heard the h. as: btvuthing » l"olu What an mvful m..mrnt wis that? It. vtf expi eted t-. g.-t .,iU (lj s|ie ,craj,e S(l ,)r... wy uiii.e and tnnnd rvuu l in d*>p>.nation to mv-c* rtfort to save my.v ir, v.ljrti the tiger, eh't'S* wi his mind, leaped upon the !-aek of a native .V{K ''.""'dug al-.ngHjdo J mi-, and mauled hii.i in^imlly; but il was his dsing t!n;rl. and tho " it * got < tf wiih a UsunUng that would hiV® UlleJ i>uy l.iiiopcHti, but cid not kill him. Printed tad PuWi»btd by J AW2S HAltBlSOX, at voytuM 