THE NEW HAYMARKET THEATRE. The sixth of the theatres erected in Melbourne or its suburbs during the last seven years opened its doors for the first time to the public last night, and, contrary to general expectation and invariable precedent, the attendance was not by any means " overflowing." Perhaps the expecta- tion that it would be so operated to bring about an opposite result. It may be that people expected a crowded house and an inconvenient rush for seats, and BO abstained from attending. Possibly it was conjectured that an accident might result, and so prudence got the better of curiosity in the public mind. Be this as it may, the pit was the only portion of the Haymarket Theatre that was commodiously full last night, while the dress and upper circles and the stalls were well filled, but nothing more. Some speculative ' individual, it is said, bought up three-fourths of the dress circle tickets, in the hope of re-selling them at a premium ; but as the playgoers of Melbourne were indisposed to pay 7s. or 8s to witness a performance on Monday evening which they could see for 53 on the night following, numbers of these ticketsseemtohave remained unsold, and hence the aspect of this part of the theatre was less animated than might have been anticipated. The interior of the house has been already so fully described in the Argus that it is unnecessary to do more than remark that it presented a warm, cheerful, and (to use a homely but expressive phrase) a comfortable appearance, when lit up for the performance last night. Before the com- I mencement of the comedy, the whole of the company appeared upon the stage, and sang the "Na- tional Anthem," Mr. Stewart and Miss Julia Matthews taking the solOS, and the audience rising to their feet, and greeting the close of every verse with cheers. After a spiritedly -executed overture by- a strong orchestra, conducted by Mr. Loder, the curtain rose upon the " American Cousin," and each of the leading members of the company received upon his or her first appearance, a salvo of applause. With one unimportant exception, the cost was the same as that at the Princess's, but the whole of the scenery was new, and most of the ladies engaged may be complimented on the novelty and good taste of their costumes. The piece itself, or rather, the performance, lacked briskness ; the actors and actresses had not had time to acclimatise themselves on the new stage, and though brought by the construction of the theatre, so completely on rapport, with their audience, the performers did not succeed in establishing such agreeable relations with the spectators as at the old Princess's, in the same piece. At the end of the first act, the now drop was presented to the public view, and was warmly applauded. The subject is not chaperone, but it has been well treated. It represents the opening of London- bridge by William the Fourth, and is a copy of Stanfield's well known picture of the same event; but the leading incident of the scene is kept out of sight. There, in the, structure, there are the spectators crowding the bank of the river, and there are the marquees under which the ceremonial and, the banquetting took place, and that is all. It might be a " swan shopping" excursion up the Thames, on a Chartist demonstration, or a regatta, for anything to the contrary in the picture. It is not moody Hamlet. with the Prince of Denmark left out, but it is Hamlet "without the King, Queen, Prince, Ophelia, Polonius, Laertes, and the Ghost, retaining nothing but the gravediggers and the supernumeraries, the scenery and the properties. Mr. Henning's judgement, and not his artistic ability, is to blame. Reverting, however, to the performance, we may mention that Mr. Stewart introduced agooddoal of 'new matter into Lord Dundreary letter from his brother, which might have been omitted with advantage.. HE f0' nonsense, without being clever nonsense, and what the epistle gained in length it lost in humour. It was like some elastic textile fabrics, the more it was expanded the thinner it became. ' At tho close of the first piece, there were loud calls for Mr. Coppin, who, upon appearing on the stage, was received within at applause, He addressed the audience of of the following effect : That, unaccustomed as he was to address a public audience (great cheers and laughter.'). and being taken by surprise, as he really was As Mug called, be trusted they would excuse W embarrassment on his part in expressing his gratification at the compliment paid to him. He presumed he could accept it as a mark of approval of the manner in which he had caused to be erected the substantial, and he might be allowed to say, elegant theatre in which they were assembled, (Applause.) It was the fifth theatre he had erected at his own expense, and it had given him the experience necessary for such i an undertaking. He could not let the opportunity pass without acknowledging the very great assistance and co-operation he had received from Mr. Conlan, the architect of the building; Mr. Cornwall, the contractor and Mr, Hennings, I the artist. All those gentlemen had entered with zeal into the undertaking, and devoted unusual , hours to get it perfected. He thought If the public directed their attention to the building and to its decorations, they would confess that there were artists and mechanics in this colony not to be surpassed in any other part of the world. (Cheers.) After referring in highly complimentary terms to the lessee of the theatre (Mr. James Simmonds), Mr, Coppin announced that in a short space of time he would do himself the honour of appearing before the public in a round of toasts (great applause) on which occasion he trusted he would receive the name kind expressions of feeling which had been evinced that 'evening, , 