I - UK. LIVINGSTONE'S EXPEDITION. j From the Times.) THE following letter has been received by the Rev. W. Monk, of Cambridge, from the great African explorer :- " " H. M S. Pioneer, River Shire, January 2. .' My dear Mr. Monk,-I have very little inclination to enter into details concerning the commencement of the Oxford and Cambridge Mission, because I am sure that accounts have been furnished by abler hands, and I bin not very partial to works of supererogation. I may say, however, that I am thankful in having contributed in some degree to precautions against a fate similar to that at L'nyanti; and I think if the missionaries follow the dictates of Commonsense, they are likely to enjoy good health while pursuing their noble enterprise. It was very annoying to find that the people of Tette had come along the path followed by Dr. Kirk, along the Shire to that village, and set up an extended system of Brave hunting in the very country to which the mission had come. A tribe called Ajavva, had been employed to attack the Mangano a villages, kill the men; and sell the women and children to the Portuguese for a mere trifle in calico. Four parties, with about 140 captives, fell into our hands, and were handed over to the bishop, as a beginning to his flock. They were chiefly women and children ; many will probably leave, and settle in the country adjacent, but the remainder, entirely free from parental control, may be trained according to the will of the missionaries. In respect to these freed captives, the mission is more highly favoured than any modern one, except, perhaps, the Independents in Madagascar. King Radama presented a number of youths for instruc | then, but more for his own political ends than from respect to Christianity. In that island, however, the fruits have been unmistakably good, for the eon verts have stood the test of cruel persecutions after the missionaries had left Madagascar. I earnestly hope and pray that similar, or more abundant, success may be awarded to this new effort to spread our common faith. The good Lord bless the work of their hands. You cannot well conceive the state of disunion among the Manganja (in mercy call them Mannnja, not, as we sometimes hear it, Mangana) the destruction of village after village produced no effort at union against the common foe. A message only was sent down to-Chibisa, as he is believed to possess medicine capable of ensuring victory. The paramount chief, instead of aiding his subjects, kindly helped the slave hunters across the Shire. We found that the whole nation were fleeing, and hoping to stop this and the effusion of blood, went to hold a parley with the Arawa. Unfortunately, we came to them when in the act of burning three villages. The bishop then offered up a fervent prayer, and with the accents of that prayer we could distinctly hear the wail of the dead and the shrill scream for victory. As we advanced to their villages, our assurances that we came peaceably were nullified by some Mangana followers calling out ' Chibisi has come ยก' and very unfortunately, though I heard it distinctly, it did not strike the mind till afterwards that we were thereby deprived of the protection of our English name. They attacked us on all sides with poisoned arrows, and four muskets, and I feel very sure that the latter were handled by Portuguese slaves. They certainly had the dress common among slaves at Teste, and there was a square house, such as slaves often built near the Arawa villages. We retired slowly from the village, but this only made them bolder ; they came within fifty yards of us, and it was only by recourse to our firearms that we avoided all becoming food for vultures. I am sorry that it was necessary for it was the first hostile en [ counter I have had in Africa. Had I anticipated an attack, I should have used fair words and presents first. We are, however, in the slave market. "We were twice robbed in the sphere of an Arab dhow's slaving operation, about half-way up Lake Nyassa the first loss by robbers I have sustained on the continent. Slaving is the parent of every other vice. Life is of no value in the trader's eye. A short time before we caught the first slave hunting party, they shot two women, on pretence that they were trying to loose the thongs with which they were bound and I suspect the Arawa, seeing us a very small body, and elated with continual success, thought it would be a clever thing to make an example of us "We had ammunition with usbately sufficient to drive them off, their at taekwB8 so unexpected. Leaving the missionaries at a spot which to the eye looks as if fifteen miles south of Mount Tomba, and which will serve till a better locality is selected, we returned to the ship, and in the beginning of August carried a boat past Murchi son's Cataracts. "When we launched her on the upper Shire we were virtually on the lake, though still sixty miles distant, because the river is all smooth and deep, and has a gentle current. On the 2nd of September we sailed into that inland sea. It is surrounded with mountains, and from them rush down furious tempests with great suddenness. Tremendous swells get up in fifteen or twenty minutes and had you ever crossed the bar at Quiuimane you would know what I mean when I say that terrific rollers come across the lake with wall-like sides and hairy heads, breaking in from seven to fourteen fathoms. We were once caught a mile from the shore, and could neither advance nor recede for six weary hours. The men, all dreadfully sea-sick, did not care how soon they went down, as they were dead already.' The rollers broke either before they reached, or after they had passed, our anchorage. The boat behaved admirably, mounting up the steep billows like a sea- bird, but one roller breaking on her would have ended our exploration. After this we were less venture- some, and listened to the utterances of our seaman, John Neil, as it he had been an oracle. We sailed along the western shore, and found that side to be a succession of bays. The southern end is shaped somewhat like Italy on the map. The ankle of the boot is the narrowest part, eighteen or twenty miles wide. It expands towards the north to thirty-five, then to fifty or sixty miles. The length is over 200 miles, probably 225. The depth is very great. A fishing line found bottom in a bay at 100 fathoms, or 600 feet ; but a mile outside none was felt at 116 fathoms, or 696 feet. There are several small rounded rocky islands in this lake, which are covered with forests, uninhabited, and used only as fishing stations. Detached rocks just out adjacent to these islands, and to all the rocky headlands, which will be dangerous to navigators. With our present knowledge, a ship could find anchorage only near the shore. Fish abound and a prodigious population inhabit the shores, and they catch fish by large nets, reels, hooks, torches, or poison. Alligators, very well fed on fish, seldom or never molest man, so we could bathe in the cool waters when we chose-a luxury not to be enjoyed in the Shire or the Zambesi. The people are civil, no dues were levied or fines demanded ; but playing is the only trade. Colonel Bagby, our consul at Zanzibar, says, in a letter to Sir George Grey, that 19,000 slaves pass through the Custom-house there annually, all, or nearly all, from Nyassa or Shire and he adds, ' If it should ever be possible to place a steamer on Lake Nyassa it will cut off the chief supply of slaves to the east coast. Without knowing that gentleman's opinion, we have ordered a steamer from Glasgow in twenty-four parts, which we hope to carry past the Cataracts, as our next work. We expect her soon, and shall not pen a syllable to you, or any one else, till it is accomplished. I pray to Him in whose hands are our times to permit me to accomplish this great service. Then a path to the sea by Bovuma, or some river in the dominions of the Sultan of Zanzibar, for we must have an outlet to the sea uncontrolled by the Portuguese. Fancy the folly of our allies : the Government builds a post at the mouth of the Shire, to be enriched by cotton dues, while the people of Tette do all! in their power to depopulate the country from which the cotton is to come. If we have our own outlet, the cotton-field, now 400 miles long, will be prolonged far to the north and west, and our own English honest poor may live on the islands and become blessings to Africa, our own sweet home, and to themselves. These are my hopes, and it ought to be borne in mind that my expedition should be dated only from the possession of the Pioneer. We were forced to return by want of food, when, as we have reason to believe, we were in sight of the dark mountain masses in which Lake Nyassa ends. A tribe of Zulus, originally from the south, had made terrible havoc among the Lake people. We don't know why, as we received only one-sided statements, and never form an opinion on that sort of evidence i but human skeletons and putrid bodies of the slain strewed the shores-' Man's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn.' I met seven of these Matter or Zulus ; they behaved much as we suppose old women of either sex would do if they fancied they had seen a ghost. In view of this tribe wandering up so far, it strikes me that the more work Christian people attempt, the more their Master gives them to perform. The bishop at the Cape, with his Kaffir College, is probably fitting missionaries to labour much nearer the Equator than he ever contemplated. I always rejoice to hear of efforts to spread our blessed religion, no matter by whom, for I am sure that He who is head over all things to His church condescends to accept the hearty, though often feeble, offering of His people, and will guide all to a glorious consummation. This college seems an admirable institution. Frequent storms rendered it unadvisable for us to attempt crossing to find out all about the matter for ourselves. It was the first time I ever was forced back without accomplishing what I had to do ; but and I came to tell you all you would see that further progress might have proved fatal to us. We returned to the upper- most cataract, slung our boat to a shady tree, and walked herne, having in three months travelled, in going and coming, six hundred miles. Anything 'anent' a growing interest in the mission of the church, will be always welcome ; systematic efforts to diffuse information ought to be made. '"Without being particularly prone to grumble, I think there is room for a growl at the missionaries enlisting for three or five years only. It is probably from want of knowledge of missionary work in Africa ; very few leave Africa without wishing to come back again, SO it may all turn out light at last I hear that the Free Church of Scotland contemplates a mission out here and the United Free Methodists are sending another mission, under Dr. graph, to the east coast. There is room for all, and more than will ever come. Burrup, Dickenson, and Clarke came up the Shire in common country canoes, without knowing word of the language, or a bit of the way. Burrup came first. In the dusk of the evening of November 13th, I discerned a canoe struggling down a point of the plans Daka names. Some English words omitted therefrom, made me prick up my ears, and I said ". Pull to the port side." " What side is that J" responded Burrup. A capital fellow is he. I am extremely obliged by the kind greetings which you send me, of Professors Sedgwick, Selwyn, Browne, and the Master of Trinity. An approving nod from such men is very grateful. ... "With kind regards to you all, I am, c, " DAVID LIVINGSTONE. 