[froh another correspondent]. Where is the famous Ghost of Ban Ban ? aud how can he remain silent under the excruciat ing shame which the Happy Family Party is once more inflicting npon this unfortunate dis trict? His strictures upon that awful composi tion iu the name of an address to his Excel lency Sir George Bowen, which was so ungrace fully shoved into his Excellency s hands, are still reverberating through the systems of those in - the neighbourhood, who are -capable of feel ing any shame. As an unlettered, unlicensed, ungrammatical production it probably never has and never will be again equalled : and your mysterious correspondent appears to have dealt rather curtly with it, evidently thinking that such a display of ignorance ponld never be issued again, in the shape of a ' numerously signed' document. On my table lies, however, the letter of condolence which has lately been forwarded by our fellow-townsmen to Charles Robert Haly, M.P. ; and I fear the contradiction of no man who knows the difference between syntax and prosody, when I deplare that the veriest gibberish would be good English com pared with the contents of this letter, and that any National schoolboy would be ashamed to hand up to his master such a wretched piece of composition. This Haly mucousness, this Bur nett slime. I hear, is the joint production o | three magistrates, a doctor, two squatters, and our universal secretary. — .itnd took, I am in- J formed, at least nine sittings before the finish- I ing touch was given it. After due announce ment of who its illustrious authors really are, it says a meeting of 'Mr. Haly's constituents,! /vmcf'c turf npinpinallv of nn». electors and those of l a more riotous nature' — which means in Eng lish, I imagine, to tell him that if only he could have gathered a meeting of constituents who were constituents, they would have behaved of course as loyally as his obedient servants.' The poor hooted and chaffed member is then informed that something — either the meeting, or the non-electors, or the 'riotous niturs'— (for 1 cannot make out which) ' was urged on by a man of no interest in the district, and sup ported by another individual whose physical ; defect prevented him from hearing what you did say,'— rail of which, I interpret, indicates that poor Haly was onh/ supported by an- 1 other individual, and that that individuals must have been very deaf to wbat be did roar, or he would probably have joined the ' riotous natures ' who appear to have been much pro voked by what they did. The concluding paragraph isliterally choked with the® ostabused words in our language; and altogether the letter, except for the universal derision which it will create, may be regarded as the funniest natural production — next to the celebrated letter to his Excellency — which Gayndah h as yet produced. If Herbert's thieat of extending the franchise to all. and only, educated individuals is carried out, not one of those who signed the letter to Haly will have the shadow of pretension to a vote, and moBt assuredley I shall see they aire disfranchised, and remind them that until they can both read and write, they must aspire to no nobler position in our society than to be i Magistrates— Haly and Mackenzie's Magis trates ! I have sundry artisans in 8ydney preparing a frame for (hat ' splendiferous address,' as my tailor cails it, to the Governor. I shall now instruct the Bamc ' individuals' to manufacture a suitable surrounding 'for this inimitable Magisto -Medico - Squatto-Burnetto ? Gayndaho apology and I shall exhibit tn terror em, when ever any man who has a riotous nature, or who is so 'deaf that he can not hear Haly makes his appearance. It is supposed .that Mr. Haly will in rcturn for that letter, come down for the express purpose of giving us a leoture on the science of bridge building; and if he does, 1 6hall take the oppor tunity of impressing upon him the danger he will run if he attempts to address his admirers in better language, than they gave him his -'due' in. I am, MILLBONG TOMMY. Gayndah. 