the lord dundreary on prefaces. j- ? p ? Pt— Preface, Mr Punch ! Come, I say, that's chaffing a fellah, and old birds in the hand are not to be caught in tho bush— stop, if you re in tho hand you can't be caught by putting salt TOon the bush — I haven't quite got it, but the m0ral is the same. A P-P-Preface. What's a preface ? A fellah can't be expected to know that hwne told, can he ?— ridiculous, at least if he hasn't heard of it in some other way ; you must see that. 1 w—w— wonder whether my brother Sam could write a preface. I shouldn't think he could ; because nobody knows what his brother can't do until he has tried, and Sam's never been tried, you know— at least he's never been tried for writing prefaces, so he's not guilty of that, Sam isn't ; and its a c—c— comfort to be able to say a fellah's not guilty of anything, espe cially if you are his brother. I don't mean that vou're S^m's brother, because if you were, you would be me, which would be ridiculous ; we couldn't both be the same person and different, could we ? Only you might be a nwn and a brother, and then you and Sam would be cou sins ? but, I say, then you would lie a nigger, and you would not like that, eh? and have to wash your face with a b—b— blacking brush; Tery objectionable idea that. But, I siy, I wish you'd ask Sam to write your preface for you ; he IWes in America, he does, and if you wrtta to the Nonh and your lotter comes back, I dare say he'll answer it from the South. Stop, no, he cin't do that if it comes back and he don't get it ; can he i —but you might make it a d—d— double letter and nut two heads on it, and then it would do for either North or South America. Two heads are bett r than one, don't you know— stop, is that right? A fellah gels these epitaphs into his head till— 3top, are they epitaphs ? No, no, an epitaph was what they put on my Aunt Sally— not that she had two heads, quite the reverse, and I never saw a two-headed aunt in all my life— ridiculous, how could she kiss my uncle if she had two heads?— why she'd be a s—s— Cerberus, and you don't think my uncle, who was a most respectable man, would marry a Cerberus— he was quite ano ther kind of person. Now he could have written a pteface for you if you 'ike, he could, and I should advise your going to him, only he's dead, that's one thing, so I suppose it wouldn't be quite— no, of course, you can't go to a late lamented uncle aad b—b — bother him for prefaces — quite absurd. Besides, we don't know whether he's dead or not, because he went to Australia and never wrote to say he was dead, or anything in the nug—nug— nugget line, you know, and— I'll tell you what— an idea —yes. When you write your double letter to my brother Sam you might put a p—p— postscript telling him that if he doesn't get it he might send it on to uncle if he isn't dead, and if he is, tell uncle to send it back. Of course he can't do that if he's dead, unless — lia— unless you wrote a d_d— dead letter— not bad that. But alive or not, he's quite a gentleman, my uncle, I assure you, and if you think he would marry a Cer berus, you don't know the man. Quite incapable of marrying a Cerberus or any other he.' then goddess. Was Cerbeius a goddess though ?— no, I should say not— didn't M—M— Morpheus go after his wife and give him sop — Cerberus muBt have been a b — b — baby — a two-headed baby — wonder which face they k — k — christened, awk ward for the godfathers not to know which half they answered for, eh ? Well, I don't know what's to be dona though, beoause you say you want the preface to-morrow, and the mail don't go out till next week, so you couldn't hear in time unless you put more stamps on, and then the letter would weigh too much, and he'd send it back un opened, Sain would, for he's a d — d — deuced economical fellah, is -Rlnsier Sim. a can mm master because there's no Mistress Sam, and I wish there was, as marriage would steady him — a pair goes much steadier than a Bingle horse, not that Sam's a horse, if he was I wouldn't send you to him to write prefaces ; horses don't do that I'm given to understand, though he might draw the p_p — picture for you ; horses can draw, you must see that joke, and you might put it in the preface when Sam sends it over. Sam will laugh at that, he always laughs, does Sam, except when he's asleep, and then he wh — wh — wh — whistles through his nose to show he isn't afraid of ghosts, though I don't know whether they understand it as such, but if my lamented uncls's a ghost he understands it, because he understood everything, and I thing you'll get a better preface out of him than Sam. I tell you what, if the gh — gh — ghost don't answer you, and Sam don't, you comc to me to the Haymarket at Christmas and — you'll remember Christmas — hot c — c — cross buns, you know— Jnd then I'll do it for 5 ou, and you can hark., back and put it in your f— f— f— forty- seosnd volume. — Punch. FEAJiruL Suicide. — Sexton Goodchild, an old colonist, and formerly a shepherd, was the subject of an inquest on Saturday last. T.ie old man's body was found in the forest near the parish of Gherang Gherang, exposed to the inclemency of the weather. It was found on scrutinising the remains, that a wound had been inflicted in the throat, severing the windpipe and jugular vein. It transpired at the inquest that the deceased was 76 years of age. The opinion of the jury was that the deceased had committed the rash act by his own hand. But the verdict recorded is so extra ordinary as to warrant a word or two of comment* The old man was found with his throat cut. The old man was found in the forest exposed to the inclemency of a certainly very severe season ; but the verdict rationally would and ought to have been death inflicted under insanity, temporary or otherwise — for the cut throat was evidently the immediate cause of death, the exposure to the atmosphere an accident — yet the verdict of the jury was that deceased died from exposure to the weather, and from hemorrhage caused by a wound inflicted by his own hand. So much for coroner's inquests. — Geelong Chronicle, lPth August. Tub Skcrf.t Powp.n op tub Bnmsir Nation Discovered. — One of the representatives of the Continental press at the International Exhibition, atter wonuering where the secret power of the British nation lies, traces it to their ravenous stomachs : ' Deprive,' says he, ' an Englishman of his strong appetite, that enables him to digest bleeding meat or highly-spiced rounds of beef, nnd you deprive him of a'l incentive to action, if he be of Saxon race, for the descendants of the Normans are yet greedy of power. He does not care for society — he has no ambition to picas 2 — his indifference to glory ia so great as to become contemptuous — and he scorns the artistic French and Italians as dilettanti, so insensible is he to the fine arts. He is without a spice of gallantry in his composition, for the most beautiful women in the world are grossly neglected for the club, the billiard- room, or the ring. Hunger is his great stimulant to activity, and a gigantic appetite pushes on this pxtraordinary people to execute the most gigantic enterprises.' _ Ihe Gold tields of Nova. Scotia.— Subjoined is an extract ol a mercantile letter from Halifax regarding the present state of the gold-fields of Nova Scotia: — 'I have to report very favorablo accounts from the gold-fields generally. A lead | has been discovered on the Carr lot, on the lands of lownsend, and I have no doubt that rich leads run all through these lands. Tho prospects for new discoveries and of the localities already dis covered continue good. The miners are beginning v '°. market. The new discoveries wtuch are exciting most attention, are those at JslniBdale, on the line of the canal and railroad, and at Nine-mile River, in Hants county. The atter is spoken of as promising great things, and ie people in. that neighborhood aro quite eonfi t;l Tni v 3 locality will prove very remunera t 6' 11, Lawrence Town waahings look very avorable for the interests of such as are prepared go into work in the right way. Tangier, after ong and tedious winter, is looking up. Pro pec ing, since tho weather has improved, has D-eri going on with a good deal of spirit. At pre sent there are thr-'e crushers at Tangier'; a ton of tp have been put through one of 0 l ^3:1^611 3 oz 3 dwt of gold, in oddi tis i.m 1 ? ?vorth specimens taken out of !„wi™ B ? making the total yield of gold and ?pecimens 137 AniB ? ? A u._ \ » »iugie ion or quariz. nstaHvt '°D ? been di C5vertd producing a of a f,j;ip„reB3'°n °,n PaPer- ftom a single copy narclimr»5 ? 0 document can be printed on suv of ,r„T1!If man®nt ink, avoiding the neces stone Wnri ''-8 tlie negativ6 copies to zinc or Photo Prlntlvns' TSir H' J^es calls this art single wiI1 be useful where a copies ar/w ♦ ,docli?lent- or only two or three Placed in ^ rued'. E?araP1« ot ,t have, been 