. BT. PATRICKS. COLLEGE. 1 .A) THB KDITOR OP THE ABÓOS. ' ". Sir,-Oh"Monday I found inserted in yo-ir jon mai "the .'six lengthy documents of Mr. .OTTarreH. Mr. Laings office YVOS then CIOSJI hut I «¿lied thoro next day, on the subject of the foUowing letter : .« " " Melbourne, Nov. 11. " Dear Mr. Laing,-I inclose the copy of au affidavit Yvhich I have drawn up. It stat23 that in the accounts yvhich I furnished to the Court as the accounts of St. Patriot's College, and in the documents publish.:! , in reference thereto, I bavo no', to my knowleoge. made any misstatement, sup ?pvesscd* any fact, broken faith with any creditor, or Baid or done anything to disen- title mtj, to bo believed in reference to the said accounts ; and also that tho expression* offensive to Dr. Goold, used by some of tha creditors, were neither dictated by mo nor founded on any misstatements of mino. Tha documents published by Mr. O'FarrcU on Mon- day are'eonsequently devoid of all truth; ami, in order, to satisfy the creditors, as iveU as to vindicate myself, it is necessary that Messrs. O'FarreR, Windsor, and others should, if pos- sible, h$ examined before the Chief Commis- sioner at the third meeting, on the 21st insfc. "Would'you kindly direct mo how I am to proceed to have them thus cited and exa- mined.? " Yours truly, " J. BARRY, D.D." To that letter, Mr. Laing replied thi* j 'day as folloivs :-" In summoning persons, -i it is usual to require the official as- signee f to SYvear that their evidence is necessary to realize the estate. NOYV, lu this instance, I cannot make such an affi- davit, 'for I take no cognizanco of news- paper paragraphs, and no one has assailed you before the Court." It is impossible for me, therefore, to cite Mr. O'FarrcU before tho Chief Commissioner, and it is this impossi- . bility that obliges me reluctantly to bring him tims before tho public. There is another difficulty in dealing ivith him, Reckless as he notoriously is, he is still more slippery in his assertions, and cunningly confines him- self tcv ambiguous assertions, vogue geno lalities, and wholesale abuse. In his former letter to me ho made a fixed and .well-defined charge: and thus I was enabled to grapplo yvith it-to tear it to pieces, and make it lecoil on himself. Hellas learned wisdom from experience. The proverb of tho burntiohild has not been lost on him i and now, in his six long letters, ho has aba taino .1 from making a definite charge, and wisely confirmed himself to such siveeping generalities of the following :-" Dr. Barry suppressed facts, ".made misbtntcments, broke faith with creditors, published untrue pamphlets, and is whoUy umvorthy of credit ; whilst I (P. A., C. O'F.) have given you reason to chango your opinions, ana say that all I1" thought, said, and did was correct. Who, I ask, could deal with such vogae, self-sufficient, and gratuitous assumptions? fauch Vague generalities arc like the ghost of Crcusa : they cannot be touched, much loss grappled with ; and their author reminds ono of Moliere's sivaggering bully, who looked fierce, spoke loud, and boldly smote the air a? bis enemy, though his knees were knocking and his coward heart trembling at the very noise -of his approach. The onlj* answer to such o'mpty baldeidash is the 'axiom of the philosophers, "Quod gratis osseritur, gratis negatur;" and to such a denial I may accord- ingly .¿onfine mvself. Bût, Sir, I am"not content ivith this. I will go farther and drag Mr. O'FarrcU from out of tho cloud of generalities with which he strives to enshroud himself, and force him, if such a Proteus can be forced to any thingfto stand on tangible ground, and answer a few categorical questions. Mr. O'Faxiell, any fool could cry out " Murder, thunder, lies, robbery 1" as loudly and as ivell as aleg.il adviser ; but the public expect only from tho lattoi that ho yvill point out some real, tangible, substantial groundB for his alarm. Thopublic, therefore, look to you to tell the in, -What fact I have suppressed ? What mis statements have I made ? Point out one lin1) «sr worri in either pamphlet of raine that is not true7,, In ivhat ivay did I break faith with the creditors? When or whero did yon,or any ojie else, shoyv grounds ivhy I should not loo believed? Who ever heard the reasons proving that all you said.'and did, and though t, was correct and consistent ? What were tho« ïeasops, or when were they given ? Was it Yvhen i you charged me so coivardly in my absence, and Bhrunk from these charges ivhcn I Tctürned ? Was it when you worked so har.l to get up a lay meeting against me, and failo 1 BO miserably in doing so? Was it when you "»roto your colebrated letter-which vc «xjiled on yourself-showing your desire, tut -total inability, to injure? Was it when' you failed, though challenged to Jt.to'upBet any item in tlio accounts, or refuta any -statement in the pamphlets which I published? Was it ivhen you boasted sa loudly that you were reserving all your. strength to expose me before the Commis- sioner of Insolvency, and yet shrank from facing- me at either meeting? These, Mr. OTarrell, arc the only facts that have com3 to light before the public-have you manufac- tured5 any others in private, and exhibited them, in the dark?-and they provo con- clusively that your irate but impotent attacks haver'everrecoiled on yourself, and ever cndel in a*sad and humiliating failure, tho madder and more humiliating ivhcn contrasted yvith the Overbearing assumption and swaggering »elf-sufficiency of the self-styled legal adviser. But Mr. O'Farroll's failure goes further than this.1" It proves, I think, that I suppressed no facts,_made no misstatements, &c;, for the fol loYvitte reasons:-Ten months ago Mr. O'Far 3 eil sold publicly (this he now strives to deny) thatj.be would put me on the roads if he 'had his way. The '' virus" of his first letter, jand the heartless degradation so coolly projected in InS'last, prove that the characteristic cha- rity of O'FarrcU, so far from groiving cold, is daily increasing in energy, intensity, and fer- vour.. Far ten long months my acounta, pam- phlets, conduct, letters, &c;, have been sub jectexl to his cunning and his scrutiny. Would ho havo failed to discover any_ fraud, if such existed, or expose any error, if such were^bund ? Yet ho has done neither ; an 1 this,-;! think, clearly shows that I neither suppressed facts, made misstatements, no. said or did aught that ivas assailable. So far for s%lf. A -word on the last great development o,' O'Farrell's genius. Foiv persons possess th* exquisite taste, and the delicate feelings,.n,: 'OcBsary to plan deliberately and coolly pro posetçir the signature of rational beings stie'i a document as the apology; but it require I tho-still higher qualities of courage and daring to assert that the document was sign'* I by "the majority," "by the principal cro'li tors." . Mr. p'Karrell must have known tha'« »oméjOf the signers-as Windsor-ivere not cr j - ditorjatall; that sheer necessity obligcdoih:>r-), who pronounced i t in famous to subscribe ; tha r. others again wore, u.s Mr. Brunton |confei«eJ, icady to do anything to get their money ; an 1 that thcYvhole eight, lioyvevorpnre.frce, and vo- luntary their signatures, are not a tithe ol' l'i - creditors cither in number or in value. lu fact, one of those ivho refused to sign ha« a claim, larger than the ivholo eight put to- gether, and yet Mr. O'FarrcU suya that th . document is signed by all the principal credi- tors. ;_. Supposing that nil the creditors signed ii v, only six, but HÍX hundred such apologie;, whatf would it proie to Mr. P. O'FarrcU? Woujd it prove that I suppressed facts or ma 1 misstatements? Would it cause any reason able man to believe that I did either the.on i or th« other ? Yret Mr. O'FarrcU (psychologie il phenomenon !) really believes that it wolli 1 : and,"«knowing yvell Yvhat mon ivill do', for a consideration, ho accordingly holds)o'ib his -bundle of -hay, and, yvith charas leristic delicacy, invites the ass to come o i. IB it honourable. Mr. O'FarrcU, to subject m . i to such degradation V YVould it not serve t'i . Bam<ii purpose, and be more honourable* t, > oarryi.oiit your boasted threat of meeting i-i . before the Commissioner of Insolvency? ' l)> yon deny thnt threat, like your "indictment?" . Do you shrink from .it, as from the "roil ImsincBS?" ff not, come to the Insolvent CourtT atone o'clock' on Friday, the 21st. I Yvill be thero, to thank you for procuring, i',> mc an inquiry, for which I sought elseivherj in vain. The creditors and the public alsi will thank you if you prove before the Cour« 1hat£l either suppicssed facts or made fnis statómentB. I oin, Sir, yours gratefully. , Tuesday, Nov. 11. - ,F. liARBV. o»- *" SURPRISING THE NATIVES. - A short time since of our Melbourne exquisites came amongst us and remained a short time with a friend on one of our neighbouring stations Melbournite wore paper collars, and the lady of the station gave some of the castaways to an aboriginal woman, out of mere fun, to wash bidding the block to wash them very cleaff. Into the tub went the collars, and the gin commenced rubbing hard, when, of course, they rubbed to pieces. She immediately, on seeing this, rushed to the mistress, terribly perplexed, crying, "Yuki Yuki !" and seemed greatly relieved when the good-natured lady laughingly explained away the cause of her terror - Pastoral Times, Nov. 8. 