Local Intelligence. QUARTER SESSIONS. Before THOMAS CALLAGHAN, Esq., Chairman. This Court opened on Tuesday morning, at ten o'clock. There was only one case to be disposed of, namely, HORSE-STEALING. Thomas Smith was indicted for having on Sunday, the 12th January last, at Cooma, stolen a horse, the property of his employer, James Kirwan. A second count charged the prisoner with having received the same knowing it to be stolen. The jury being impanelled, the pri- soner, an old man, undefended, pleaded not guilty. The Crown Prosecutor, Mr. Temple- ton, having first challenged one of the jury, opened the case by saying that although the prisoner stood indicted on the two counts, the jury would plainly see that the case was rather one of steal- ing than of receiving. The case was a very clear one, and stood thus: The prosecutor, Jas. Kirwan, had a horse at his place on the Sunday in question, and on the following morning the horse and the prisoner, who had been in the pro- secutor's employ, were missed. The prosecutor's brother, in company with two others, all of whom would appear and give evidence, followed prisoner, and overtook him at a place called Yar- ralumla, 75 miles from Cooma. He was alone, making tea, and the horse was in his possession. On being charged with the offence, he admitted taking the horse, saying that he might as well spend the rest of his days in prison. On the Sun- day the prisoner had asked Thomas Kir- wan for the loan of the horse to go to Jews' Flat, a distance of six miles; but he went without the horse, and returned the same evening. He was shortly af- terwards overtaken at a distance of 75 miles, and there could be no doubt as to the prisoners felonious intent. Thomas Kirwan was then called: He lived at Cooma, where he had charge of his brother's premises while he was in Sydney in January last. His brother was owner of the horse then in the Court yard; saw that horse on Sunday the 12th of January, till 9 o'clock in the evening, it was close to the house with other horses. Knew the prisoner; he was at the time in his brother's service as gardener. On Monday, on missing the horse, was induced to proceed in the direction of Queanbeyan, and on reach- ing the Rob Roy went towards Yarra- lumla, which lay off the direct road, and within two miles of the latter place overtook the prisoner, who was seated on the ground, and the horse, and a saddle, also belonging to witness' bro- ther, were near the prisoner. Witness said to prisoner, You ought to be ashamed of yourself, acting in this manner. Prisoner replied, It's of no matter, the horse is of no use to any one but me. He said nothing more. Prisoner had asked witness on the Sun- day for the loan of the horse and was told he might have it if he brought it back before dark; prisoner did not take the horse then. There were two other persons with witness when he overtook prisoner. The horse was worth £20; it was a saddle horse, and had the ap- pearance of having been hard ridden when the prisoner was overtaken. The Prisoner, on being asked if he had any question to put to the witness, prefaced his interrogations by charging witness in a very grave manner "not to lie to the Holy Ghost," in which he was checked by the Chairman, who re- minded prisoner that as witness knew he was already on his oath, such a charge as he had given him was quite unneces- sary. The cross examination was of no moment. In reply to the Chairman, witness said the horse was feeding with the others in the stack yard at nine o'clock on Sun- day night, but he missed the horse next morning. As far as he knew the priso- ner, he had previously been a man of good character and well-conducted ha- bits. James Crehan deposed: He was a trooper stationed at Micalago in January last; accompanied Thomas Kirwan to Yarralumla, where on information he had received he took the prisoner into custody on charge of stealing the horse then in his possession. He replied, that as he thought the horse of no use to any one else but himself, he might as well take it. A third witness, William Byrom, was put in the box; but the Chairman, on learning that his evidence was only a repetition of that of the previous wit- nesses, said it was unnecessary to exa- mine him, and expressed his opinion he should not have been subpœnaed. The prisoner, on being asked what he had to say, put in a paper which he de- sired might be read to the court. The drift of the document was to show that prisoner had been employed by the pro- secutor, and left in charge of the saddle which was found with the horse. After the paper was read the witness Kirwan was recalled, who denied that prisoner had charge of anything on the place-- his only duty was in the garden, and witness alone was in charge of the es- tablishment. In addressing the jury the Chairman said it was very clear that the prisoner took the horse, and equally clear that the horse was found in his possession. The jury would recollect that on being charged with the offence the prisoner's only reply was, "It is of no matter; the horse is of no use to any one but me." There was no attempt to explain the ob- ject of his taking the horse as he would have done had he taken it for an honest purpose; but it was for the jury to say, from the evidence before them, whether the prisoner meant to steal or only have the temporary loan of the horse. If they were convinced of the latter, then they must not find him guilty of steal- ing; but if they believed that he meant to take away the horse altogether, then of course it would be a clear case of theft. The paper put in by the prisoner agreed with the evidence; and even if he were in charge of the saddle he was not to take it away. The fact was this: Prisoner had been found in possession of the horse, and the saddle, without authority, and at a great distance away, to say the least of it, without any pro- fessed object in view. Here the prisoner observed that his sole object was to have the temporary use of the horse for the purpose of col- lecting seeds for his employer and the people of Cooma. The witness Kirwan was again recal- led, and said the prisoner had never be- fore said that his object was to gather seeds. The case was then left for the jury, who without leaving their seats found a verdict on the first count,--Guilty of horse- stealing. In passing sentence, the Chairman said the case was a very aggravated one. The prisoner had not only been found guilty of an offence which was as com- mon as it was grave--that of horse-stealing, but had stolen that horse from his employer, which was an aggra- vation of the offence. In passing sen- tence, his previous good character would be taken into consideration, and looking at the prisoner's age, he would not sen- tence him to hard labour on the roads; but he was disposed to inflict a severe sentence, which was that he be impri- soned and kept to hard labour in Goul- burn gaol for two years. The prisoner was then removed, and the jury discharged. 