AN ACTRE8S IN A NEW CHARACTER At a public dinner recently given by one of the theatrical charities, a new and pleasing feature was the company.'of ladies at the dinner table. The absurdity of the old custom of graciously permitting the ladii-s to occupy a gallery, from whence they could gaze upon the feeding of thoir liege lords, has long been admit ted ; but it remained for the Dramatic, Equestrian, and Musical Association to inaugurate a better state of thing*, by conceding to the fair sex the right of sitting at the table with the gentlemen. We do not go to the extent of advocating 'women's rights' to speech making; hut the charming- manner in which Mrs. Stirling responded to the toast of,' The Ladies' almost reconciled ''iie to that innovation, and the speech itself is suffi ciently interesting to justify its reproduc tion. Mr. Tom Taylor proposed the toast, which is usually Tespon ded to by the facetious bachelor of the parly, but upon this occasion Mrs. Stirling acknowledged the toast, and in rising to do so, was received with a thoroughly genuine and heurty demon stration of applause. When the ap plause subsided, Mis. Stirling, with that unaffected, earnest style, and that indes cribable charm with which she always in vests her representations,, addressed the company. Shesaid: — ' pir Charles Tay lor, ladies, and gentlemen —I have desi red, how meny years ago I don't per haps care to remembor as Mrs Fitzsmythe, over a ladies' club, — (a laugh)— but] am now called upon to act a still more origi nal part, that of spokeswoman for the ladies present, and actually dining' at a public dinner. I think the Dramatio Association deserves credit for this inno vation, which allows ns to bo comfortably seated at this table instead of being ranged drearily up in a gallery like so many cherubims; sit ting aloft keeping watch over the knives and forks of poor Jacks — (Laughter). In the name of the ladies present I beg to thank you for this ohnnge in the or dor of your dining— (Applause), I do not think that the presence of the petticoats, — lowever in their present form they may perhaps cripple their legs— in tho least cripple their eloquence, or check the joviulhy of the gentlemen, except perhaps at those points where it was none the worBe for being cheoked.— -(Laughter). But for other and graver' reasons I am both proud and happy to acknowledge this toast upon this occasion on behalf of my professional sisters.' If men find the pathway, of tbe theatrical career a niggard and difficult one ibink what it must be, or. rather, I should say, yrbat.it is, lor woman. If ' yon, who have thews and sinews, who are born to buffet the ?world and fight your own way — if yoa find the need of a help* ing band at those ragged bits of road where we are all ape to stumble and founder, think, oh, think ! what it must be for the young, weak, inexperienced, and too often unfriended and unprotected woman. — (Great applause.) Oh ! what Iieart-sickening ! what disappointment! ?what pinching need ! what terrible te.i p tations might perhaps be averted by the kind hand, with just a little tnoaoy in i-, held out to them at the critical moment. —(Renewed applause.) And if we turn from tb-* difficulties which may now and then beset the path of health, and strength, and youth, to the more dreary privations which are too often the lot of age and sickness, in a call ing so precarious as ours, oh ! whnt sad reason has the poor old worn-out actress to bless such a charity as this, which provides for her sick bed those comforts «he has been un.nb.le to provide for herself, and when all other offices of friendship, awe the last, are superfluous —smooths her death pillow, and saves her from a pauper's grave. — (Great emo tion,) You will pardon me, I hope, for intruding such tad words and such sad thoughts on such an occasion ; but there appears to me special reasons why women in our profession should take an inte- est in this charity ; and it seems to me that in acknowledging this particular toast they might not perhaps be altogether out of place. (Applause.) In the name of all the ladies present, I beg to return you our most grateful thanka for the honor you have done us ; and allow me to drink all your healths in return.' At the close of this touching and appro priate address a spontaneous burst of cheering rose from all parts ; the silvery ... voices of the ladies present mingling with the more boisterous cheers of the gentlemen. The company shortly after wards adjourned to the ball-room, where the festivities were prolonged to on advanced hour. Under the leadership of Mr. Geuge, several well-known artistes contributed to the success of the festival and. Mr. Toole, ns usual, volunteered his services as a toastmaster. Upwards of £170 were collected in the course of the evening. Model Of the Great Eastern. — Some twelvemonths ng» we noticed the completion of a model of the mammoth steamship Great Eastern — the work of Mr.' Thomas Spencer, of Pict-street, re marking at the time on the great patience industry, and mechanical skill displayed in the construction of the work. The model referred to was inspected at the time' by scientific men ( and amongst others by Captain John Vino Hull, for merly commander of the big ship), all of whom agreed in opinion that it was exceedingly faithful to the original, not only in the pecuiarities of tho hull and rigging, hut in all tho minor details, every porthole, ladder, rope, chain, as well as every pieco of deck furniture and ornament, being represented on a correct scale, and in proportion to the size of the model. This offspring of Mr. Spencer's mechanical genius, it will be remembered was taken to Melbourne, where it was rmrahased for the purpose of exhibition we believe at a cost of £250. No sooner had he disposed of bis model than the builder determined upon tho construction of another in which recent alterations to the leviathan should be correctly embodied, and in which ill the rxcol lencies of the other should be reproduced, and, if possible, surpassed. In this task, therefore, of building n second model of ? the great vessel, Mr. Spencer has devoted himself with great assiduity for the past few months, appropriating six hours a day for thirteen weeks and a-halfto the work, which he has just accomplished in a style creditable to his skill, and industry. We need not enter into any minute de scription of this second production ; suf fice it to say that all the praise bestowed upon the former model applies equally to to this. All who have seen the monster ship describe it as a most faithful minia ture*; while one gentleman, an officer on board one of H. M. sliips in port, declares it far superior to anything he expected to find at a distance nf sixteen thousand miles from home. The model, which is really well worth inspection, may be seen at Mr. Spencer's residence, where he has it mounted in a glass case, and open to the view of e\'ery one who chooses to drop in and see it, as well as other evi dences of the maker's skill and handi work. OpeN-aib. Baptism,— At Newscatle, on Sunday afternoon last, six females were .baptised by immersion, by tho Rev. Mr. Whiteford, the Baptist clergyman, in the sheltered piece of water near the rail way-station Honeysuckle Point. The rev, gentlemen was dressed all in black, and the ladies all in white. He took each in their turn by the hand, and went into the water till it was up to their middle, and then immersed her bodily. The weather was very cold. — ' Maitland Mercury.' Bepbesentatiow op Nnw Sodtii Waies at Tns Gheat Exhibition. — Tho following is nn extract from a private letter received by Tliomss Cowper, Esq., P.M., from hi* brother 8edf-wick 8. Cowpor. Esq., tho Now South Wale* Commissioner at the Great Exhibition in London, which has been kindly handod to ui for publication : — ' With regard to tho repre sentation of New South Wales, she is at present the foremost of the coloniex, nnd I will strive to keep her no. Viotoria was so much behind that hor Bpaca was taken nway, but sho has now recovered it. Our woods, whioh have been muck improved sinoe they loft tho colony by beinpr roplaned and polished, and having the edgas bevollod, oro the admiration of all. Jamaica, is well up in timber, and Canada likewise, but in variety and nnmber of both ornamental and hardwoods we shall, I think stand A I. Wo havo 2500 feet of ground spaoe. Tho Court is jfm almost filled up, The wines will be exhibited on an octagon, ana the alpacas in glass.' — Tenter/Uld Chronicle June 26. Tnvitatios to Gabibat.di.— Tho Mayor of Southampton, Mr. F. Porkino, has invited Garibaldi to visit his wor.hip and the town over whioh ho presides as ohief magistrate when tho International Exhibition i» open. Hew Invksttoit. — An inventive Yankee has produced an apparatus which, ho Buys, is a cure for snoring. Ho fattens upon the mouth a gut t« .pcroha tnbe leading to tho tympanum of the ear. _ Whenever tho enorer ?nores, ha himielf reooives the.fint impressions, flndi how disagreeable at is. and, of courso reform*. ^^ . The Laws of HoWbi the Good. — A. case was tried at the Chester assizes - last week, in which the Crown sought to recover possession of some land, com- , prising Coames Pier, in the county of i Anglesey. All the rights of ownership had been exorcised for years by the ' defendant, William Jones, the owner of the village of Ccemes, except certain reservod rights belonging to the lord of the manor, Mr. Buckley Hughes. The defence was rested, first, upon tho laws of Howel the Good (who flourished in the year 905), which say that whosoever owns land on the sea-shore may make a weir, but that the waife which come ashore from the sea should belong to tho King, for the sea is the pack-horse of the King; and, socondly, upon a Royal grant of the manors of Aber and Ccemes. In a humorous cross-examination, conducted by Mr. Welsby, Mr. W. H. Black, assistant keeper of the public records, said ha could not say in what year tho Welsh ounquest took place ; he was not one who wus of opinion that there ever was a Welsh conquest ; ho never saw it as a matter of history, nor as a matter of record. The jury returned a verdict for tho Crown. The Hartley Widows and Or phans. —At a late general meeting of the Hartley Belief Committee, it was re ported that tho amount now received was over £75,000, and that the com mittee had proceeded to invest £60,000 in proper secuiities. The committee proceeded to fix the scale of allowances, and the following were adopted : — To each widow, 7s a week; widow and one child, 10a 6d : widow and two children, 13s Gil ; widow nnd three, children, 15s (3d; widow and fouri children, 17s Cd ; widow and five children. 19s fld- widow and six children, 2ls 6d a week, the allowance vto continue, except in cases of gross misconduct, to widows so long as they remain unmarried ; to girls until they reach the age of fifteen yenrs ; to hoys until they reach the age of twelve years : the allowance for infirm adults to remain, as a general rule, at 5s per week , special cases to he considered. The oromitteo will educate the children, and furnish medical attendance to the families in ad dition. At present the families enjoy their oottages rent free, nnd pay nothing for ooals, But if they have to remove from their cottages, a general opinion was expressed by several cf the com mittee that they should havo their rents paid them. Skeiko- Vision*,— Dr Kidd. of Snckville Btreot. Piccadilly, writes in the Morning Post : — Tho marvellous story in yonr journal of tho vision witnessed bv -he poor chil.l Bornadotto Soubirona, in tho Pyrenees, ha* one or two pecu liarities which clmracterisn nearly all these phe nomena. The person who sees the vision w nlway« a weak, sickly girl, and tho vision itself is evidently ' subjective ' in tho girl's sensorium, for no one else riwi sea it. I am inclined to bo lieve tho story, but would mako « small bet that tho girl has tubercles in her brain. Wo see almost every day persons who seo similar visions under the effect of chloroform. I gave chloro form somn few weoks ago to a clorical gentleman a schoolmaster, and ho lud for several dnya tho mort vivid recollection of having spent ten years in the olhor world in u charming porsonnl collocjuy with tho poot Homer. IIo could tell tho linos and book in Homer thit thoy talked anour, and described the nppenruneo of the blind old man of Scio; and nil this time he hnd only undergono a small, painless, but vorv unpoetic surgical operation. Patients in hundreds talk of chloroform sleep an a long drenm of railway tunnels, nnd country sconory, grottoes, and storms j but tho wonderful thing seems to bo that the insensibility of onoor two minutes will suflleo for tho mind under chloroform to form a perfect vi«ion spreading distinctly over ton or n dozon years. If tho peasant girl had tubercles in her brain, cxaotly the same thing may occur. The rushing wind and the grotto, the lady dressed in white, -&c.; are precisely tho images that tho hrain forms when slightly or transiently disordered ; even diseased heart, by disturbing tho circulation in the brain, or such a mi«ohievoui4 Ariel as flying gout, havo been shown by Briero du BoUmont to produce hallucinations of tlio most inorodiblo kind, far outdoing the scene* in finlwer Lyttdn's ♦ Strango Story,' or even those which tho Bishop of Tarbes has des cribed. SojtETirma New about Raqs— In tho just publishod Custom House returns for February there is n liltlo item of considerable novelty. We learn that one and a half million of ' woollen rae«, torn up to be UBert as wool,' havo been in ported into Em-land in tho courso of twonty oiglit days. Query— Who huys these woollen rage, and who noils tho broadcloth manufactured out of tho precious material p Wo noto that tho importation of this stuff i» enormously increas ing ; it was till in I860, rose to threo qnarters of a million in tho two Dral months of 1861, and is now brought to us to ttio tune of thirty mil lions of poundi per annum A pnrty of fifteen Now Zealandors, doscribod as 'Muori warriors,' arrived in Sydney by tho Gazelle on tho 27th ultimo. They aro brought up from Auckland in tho interest 'of a gentleman who purposes introducing thorn to tho Australian public in a series of dramatic enlortainmontf , of tho Anglo-Maori war, Tho saying that ' there ia moro pleasure in giving than receiving,' is supposed to apply to kicks, medicine, and advice Tho man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. An I.idia-rubber omnibus ia about to he in vontod, which, when jammed full, will hold a couplo more. Wnntod, by an attorney, a clorfc to ongross other peoplo's attention. ' Illustrated with cuts,' said a young urnhin, as ho drow bis pen- knife across tho loaves of his grammar. 