TOPICS OF THE.WEEK ♦ ? We are happy to be able to state that Sir pominick Daly has so far recovered from his recent indisposi tion as to be able to come to town, and we trust that his health will soon be perfectly restored. The attack from which he has suffered was of a very severe character; and we are informed that His Excellency will not be able to visit the South-Eastera Districts, as he had arranged to do. A lecture was delivered on Friday evening, at the Institute, by the Rev. John Gardner, on 'Locomo- tion.' The chair was taken by Dr. Wyatt, one of the Governors, who introduced the lecturer. The rev. gentleman in his usual forcible and appropriate manner, described the different modes of locomotion, that have at successive periods of the world's history been introduced amongst men ; beginning with pedestrianism down to the triumphs of the railroad. The lecture was illustrated with diagrams, and inter spersed with numerous anecdotes, and was listened to with the greatest attention by the audience. With this lecture the spring series terminated. It is, hove ever, in contemplation by the Governors of the Insti tute to make arrangements for a summer series which will commence ere long, and will no doubt meet with that support and encouragement to which their in structive and entertaining character justly entitle them. To the Governors of the Institute are due the hearty thanks of the public for the exertions they have made to provide in these lectures agreeable and intellectual recreation for both young and old. The annual festival of the Congregation of St. Paul's Church was held on Friday evening, the 12th inst., at the Assembly Booms. The attendance was exceedingly good. After tea Mr. Neville Blyth, M.P., took the chair, and called npon the Rev. A. R. Russell to commence the proceedings with prayer. The Chairman, in a short opening address congratu lated the congregation on the completion of the par sonage house during the past year. The choir then sang ' O praise tho Lord.' Mr. Goode, Church warden, read the report of the churchwork carried on and the financial position of the congregation during the year. A short address by the Archdeacon was followed by another from Eav. D. J. Ibbetson. A trio by Messrs. H. Goode, Pounsett, and Scryingour — ' Shepherds tell me' — was warmly applauded, and the Minister of the Church, the Eev. A. E. Russell, then delivered his lecture on ' Ghost Stories.' The lecture, which was a most interesting one, was listened to with great attention and received the well merited approbation of the meeting. In the interval between the two parts of the lecture, Mr. Cornish performed a solo on the harmonium, and the Rev. Mr. Marryatt addressed the meeting. The glee ' Fair Flora deck3,' was sung by Messrs. Goode, Pounsett, Scrym gour, Burgess, and Wright, and evidently gave great pleasure to the audience. At the conclusion of the lecture the Bishop, who had just srrived from the opening service of St. Saviour's Church, Glea Osmond, addressed a few words to the meeting. The chorus ' Morn amid the Mountains' followed. Votes of thanks to the choir, to the ladies, and the Chair man, were unanimously passed, and the Bishop dis missed the meeting with the benediction. The friends of the Rev. C. W. Evan will be interested in learning that he has consented to con tinue the pastorate of the church and congregation at Freeman-street. It is known that in consequence of the delicate state of his health the rev. gentleman a short time Bince announced his determination to resign his ministerial office, but at a numerously attended church meeting a resolution was carried requesting him to reconsider that decision, and at the same time assuring him that whatever pulpit assistance he might require would be provided by the Church. The result was, as above stated, that Mr. Evan consented to continue his ministerial engagement. We understand that Mr. Dutton, M.P., is coming out in the Swiftsure. _Our London correspondent informs us that the third vessel chartered to carry emigrants to South Australia, the Morning Star, now lies in the docks at Birkenhead. She will contain about 400 souls, chiefly Scotch and Irish, and is nearly filled up. Only the single women will be carried entirely free, the remainder being assisted. Tenders are out for a fourth ship, to sail with another batch of emigrants towards the end of November or beginning of December. An accident occurred in Handle-street about 4 o'clock on Friday afternoon. Me. Homersham's trap was standing near Mr. Calder's shop, in Ruudle street, and Mr. Wigzell, the fruiterer, had just come out of his yard, and was driving his horse and cart down the Bfcreet, when the horse became unmanage able and dashed the cart against Mr. Homershain's trap. The horse in the latter, being frightened, dashed down the street and ran up against a butcher's cart coming up, near Dodson's. Mr. Homersham's cart was capsized, and the shafts broken short off. The horse bolted with the harness and broken shafts hanging round him, down Rundle and Tavistock Streets into Norfch-terrace, where he was ultimately headed, and stopped. In reference to the English harvest the Mark Lane Express saya---' The heavy rains of the past week not being needed to work the soil, which had been fairly saturated previously, have done some damage to the small portion of oats and beans not yet gathered, though they have nevertheless been service able to the grass from the accompanying warmth. No improvement could be expected in the samples of new wheat, and the old complaint of ' want of con dition ' is renewed with serious consequences to far mers, as our foreign supplies have kept pouring in very lavishly, and quite beyond the present consump tive demand. The public, however, derive more benefit than importers ; while the shipping in terest and holders of waterside premises are not slack to profit by the enterprise. The grower must patiently wait for drying winds to get his produce in a saleable state; but from whatever quarter these winds blow, there is foreign canvas to welcome them on their way to Britain. Unless, therefore, British skill is more than a match for a'humid climate and world- wide competition, the premium, as it seems, must go into foreign hands. Already our imports nearly equal our growth, and it is a bold match between England and all the world. The depressing accounts of English markets have staggered those of the continent, but not brought on a parity of prices. France is very little cheaper ; Dantzic only gives way about Is. pe.r qr. ; Belgium and Holland but slightly yield, and still remain above our rates. The Baltic slowly follows j and Odessa, though much becalmed, and surprised at the state of things in the West and the the want of orders, waits for better times. The ports in the Mediterranean are also slow to yield, and, if wheat 13 rather cheaper in America, there has been some advance in fine Hour.' The latest Mark Lane quotations are as follow : — Wheat, per quarter, Essex and Kent, white, new 46s to 54s, old 50s to 583 ; do. do., red, new 45s to 52s, old 50s 56s ; Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, new 46a to 52s, old 50s to 55s. Flour, per sack of 280! bs., town, households, 43s to 51s ; country, do. 3 43 to 37s do., households, 38s to 41s ; Norfolk and Suffolk, ex ship, 33s to 36s. Foreign grain is quoted as follows : — Wheat, per quarter, Dantzic, mixed 5ts to 56s, extra 58s to 6O3; Konigsberg, mixed 513 to 55s, extra 56s to 58s ; Rostock, mixed 50s to 54s, fine 55s to 57s ; American, red winter 52s, spring 45s to 48s, white 52s to 55s ; Silesian, red 503 to 51s, white 52s to 54s ; Pomera, Meckberg, ani Uckermrk, red 50s to 53s ; Danish and Holstein, red 50s to 52* ; Russian, hard 42s to 43s ; St. Petersburg and Riga, 46s to 51s ; French, none ; Rhine and Belgium, 50s to 53s. Flour, per sack, French, none ; Spanish, 40s to 45s ; American, per brl., 22s to 24s ; extra and dble., 25s to 27s. On Wednesday, December 17, a meeting of the Lancashire Relief Fund Committee was held at Aldridge's Eooms, King William-street. There were nine members of the Committee present. Mr. Samuel Stocks occupied the chair. The Treasurer (Mr. S. Tomkinson) reported that the total amount collected was £3,270 43. 5d. The amount remitted to England, together with the expenses, was £3,1S4, leaving a balance in hand of £84 4s. 5d. The advertising ac counts were — Register and Observer, £55 183., and the Advertiser and Chronicle, £46 15s. 3d. Although the advertising expenses might appear large, yet he thought the amount so expended had not been lost, inasmuch as it had been productive of great benefit to the fund. The accounts were passed for payment. The Treasurer further stated that the printing expenses were nofe very large. He saw a sum of £3 103. entered in the books for tables. He had written to Mr. E. L. Grundy, the Hon. Secretary, on the subject, but had not yet received a reply from him. He would suggest that no remittance be sent to England by this mail. The subscriptions are coming in but slowly. He had received a sum of £102 43. 8d. from the Eev. W. Ross, and he doubted not but that in a short time the subscriptions would increase. A letter was read froiu Mr. E. L. Grundy stating that he had been detained in Q-awler for some time past iu conse quence of severe illness, and as he had no business in Adelaide he wished to resign the duties of Secretary to the Committee. The Treasurer said that he had not seen Mr. Grundy for the last six weeks. Mr. N. Blyth proposed that a letter be sent to Mr. Grundy thanking him for his past services, and informing him that the Committee had accepted his resignation as Swretarj, Carried, The Treasurer laid that a, gum of £210 had been lodged in the Bank, as the gross proceeds of theatrical performances, bat various sums had been drawn from that amount, leaving a balance of £88 11s. 61 for the benefit of the Com mittee. It was decided tb.it the Committee should make enquiries a9 to whether any further sums ward coming to the Treasurer in respect to these per formances. The Rev. Archdeacon Woodcock said the public might think as they had that day accepted the resignation of the Hon. Secretary, that the labors of the Committee were at an end, bat as the distress was daily increasing in the mother country, he would urge upon the Committee the necessity of making renewed exertions. He had no doubt but that many persons who had already contributed to the fund would be but too glad to do so again. The Treasurer said it was the intention of the Committee to make renewed efforts at the close of the present year. The Rsv. J. Wateford suggested the advisa bility of electing a new Secretary. Oa the suggestion of tho Chairman, Mr. N. Blyth, M.P. and the Rev. S. Keen, were requested to act as joint honorary secreta ries to the Committee. Mr. N. Blyth, who was in attendance, said he would be most happy to act in conjunction with the Rev. Mr. Keen. The Treasurer said that various bags of wheat, flour, &3., had beeu subscribed to the fund, but in the absence of tho Secretary he was unable to learn where those articles were. He would be glad if any of the millers could give information as to their whereabouts. He had not received a letter from the Secretary for the past 12 days. ^Tie Rev. J. S. Watsford said that on or about ^atnrday next he would be in a position to hand the sum of £250 to the Treasurer, being amount collected in various Wesleyan chapels. Ap plause.) The Chairman said they had passed a reso lution not to send any money home by the next mail, but he thought if a sum of £250 was handed to the Treasurer befors tha departure of the next English mail, it should be transmitted to England. (Hear.) It was resolved that as soon as a sum of £250 wa9 ia the hands of the Treasurer it should be remitted to England per first mail. A vote of thanks to tha Chairman concluded the business. The half-yearly examination of the Felienberg Commercial School took place on Wednesday, 17th December. Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., presided, and com menced the proceedings by a few able and appro priate remarks on the benefits of education. Several recitations were given, and the singing class, under the direction of Miss Jupp, distinguished themselves much to the satisfaction of those assembled. Tha Rev. A. R. Russell reported having examined tha upper portion of the school in English history, geography, grammar, and elementary mechanics. He had only to say, as on former occasions, that the pupils showed themselves, for the most part, well up in their work. Mr. Henry Nootnagel reported having examined the pupils in German. Although the pupils were young, they had without exception made good progress in reading, grammar, translation, and con versation. He had to recommend to favorable con sideration, August Reinicke, as most deserving of the first prizs from the superiority of his translation, particularly of English History rendered into German, and vice versa. For the second prize, he recommended Master J. Gail, who was most worthy for the assiduous attention and perseverance which ha had manifested. The priz?3 were then distributed as follows : — First prize, W. D. Thomas ; second prize, C. W. James ; third prize, J. Angus. Certifi cates, E. Aldridgg, F. B. Gall, H. Uren, and A. Reinicke. Second Class — First prize, W. Gors ; second prize, J. Oiklev ; third priza, W. Roberta. Certificates, F. Ward, F. Francis, C. Nasb, J. Ban bury, R. Ras3ell, B. Bcucarla, A. Thomas, R. Vei-co, F. Aldridge, F. Barns, R. Tap scofct, G. Warren, A. Dovrie, W.Nash, andW. Brice. Third Class. — Fir3t prize, J. Sounders; second prize, F. Ireland ; third prize, W. Brown. Certificates. W. Vincent, G. Bridglaud, and C. SawtelL Special Prizes. — General improvement and industry (givea by F. W. Thomas, E-q), Henry F. Peacock. Arith metic (^iveu bv N. Blyth, Esq., M.P.), W. D. Thomas and C. W. James. A prizs for composition wa3 given by the Rev. Canon Russell. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was proposed and carried j three cheer3 for Mr. Martin, three cheers for Miss Jupp, and three cheers more for tha gentlemen who had contributed tiie special prizos were given, after which the pr jeeediug3 were brought to a close. The distribution of the prizes of the North Ade laide Grammar School took place on Wednesday, December 17 ; the Rev. J. Jefferis in the chair. Ha opened tiie proceedings by referring to the time, when a boy like then he looked forward with interest to the approach of tha holidays and the award of prizes. He exhorted them to habits of industry in the acqui sition of knowledge, as without them neither prizes in school nor in life can be secured. He likewise addressed parents on the importance of taking an interest in the education of their children, as by it the success of education is greatly promoted. Mr-. Whinham then addressed a few remarks to the visi tors. A few of the pupils then recited parts of poems from various authors. These were given with con siderable effect, especially by Masters Peachey, Malcolm, Wigg, Pool, Lingman, and Wood. Tha prize for reciting wa3 allotted to Master Peaehey. Special prizes, given by a gentleman and lady, were awarded to Masters Peachey and Spriggs for their proficiency in history, geography, grammar, and arithmetic. Other special priz3s for the same sub jects were given to Misters Marrabe), Calf, and Graham. General prizes were awarded for mathe matics, classics, and English subjects, to Masters Peachey, Paqualin, Malcolm, Marsabel, Calf, Lang man, J. McCulloch, Smith, Ragles3, Kirkham, Wigg, Calf junior, Keeling, and D. McCulloch. Certifi cates were presented to Masters Calf, Sanderson, Sayers, Porter, Graham, Davies, Filgate, Spiller, Porter junior, Fitzgerald, and A. J. Smith. Two prizes, presented by Mr. Spiller, for astronomy, were awarded to Masters A. Brooks and H. Sparks. The Rev. J. Jefferis kindly offered to present a prize next year for industry and good conduct. The proceed ings closed by vociferous cheering for tb.9 Chairman, the visitors, and Mr. Whinham. We understand that the effect of the decision of the Judges on Tuesday has not had the effect of re vising the old Registration Acr, as the Acting Registrar- General will not register under it, in con sequence of the intention to appeal. For the present, therefore, there i3 no Registration Act in force at all. On. Wednesday, at a cricket match, played at Tliebarton, a young man named Duncan, one of tha players, was struck close to the region of the heart by a ball off the bat, and almost instantly fell to the ground ; I1L3 companions ran to pick him up, whea they found him quite insensible, and bleeding from, the noss and mouth, and to all appearance fatally injured. He was at once taken to Dr. Lane's, under whose treatment, wo are glad to learn, he soon re covered his consciousness, and who pronounced his opinion that no fatal consequences are likely to result from the accident. Oa Wednesday, just as Mr. 3EL Nolteniu3 was about closing his store, and while in the act of opening a bottle of wine, the bottle burst, and cut a large wound across his thigh four inches long and about an inch deep. The wound as soou as it was made opened an inah wide, and threatened to be of a most serious character. Luckily Dr. Philiipa was passing near the store at the time, who was ealled, and dressed the wouud. We are glad it is not likely to result so seriously as might at first have been imagined — as ths doctor says it is not dangerous, but if the wound had beeu been made two ov three inches further down t!ie thigh nothing could have prevented its being fatal. The case containing the Princess Alice's bridecake^ recently sent out by ths Mercers' Company, Londoe, as a pressnt to the Municipal Council of Adelaide, was opened on Monday after tho usual business had been disposed of. The cake was partaken of by the Mayor and members of the Council, a3 well as by a large number of former Councillors, besides some other gentlemen. Tuere were several toasts drunk, including one to the Mercers' Companv» which drew forth some complimentary sentiments foy the honor done the Corporation by that old and re* speeted guild. We have already published tha official return of the Flinders election, as declared by the Returning Officer, and which gives— For Watts, 32 ; for Lindsay 28 ; for Murray, 19. The Port Augusta and Mount Remarkable votes were, however, nearly all rendered informal through Mr. Haigh's name being crossed out (that gentleman having withdrawn). Had not this mistake occurred, the poll at its close would have stood as follows : — Watts, 62 ; Lindsay, 49 j Murray, 25. The Quarterly Committee Meeting of the Adelaide District of the South Australian Ancient Order of Foresters was held on Monday, December 14, at the Court-room of Court Adelaide, the London Inn, Flinders-strest. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. In the Police Court on Monday Thomas Turner, a private in the 40th, was committed to the Supreme Court for burglary, and Sarah Sinclair was also com mitted to the Supreme Court for stealing a watch, and seals from the house of His Honor the Chief Justice. In the City Council, on Monday, the plans of the new City Hall were considered ; the successful com petitors for the three pnzss were — Mr. E. W. Wright, first prize ; Messrs. Abbot & Son, second - and Mr. J. T. Thomas, third prize. * An inquest was held at Nairne on the 15th. instant* on the body of Joseph Ryder, the unfortunate youth killed by tha late accident. As our readers will sea by our telegraphic intelliganro, the Jury have returned a verdict amounting to manslaughter against Charles Harding, the driver of the cart, who will take his trial at tha Criminal Sittings in Adelaide next a eoruary. The Jadge9 delivered judgment onT uesday in the question ofecting the validity of the Reffeteatiro Ae$ of last session. It is scarcely necessary to state what that judgment was, as it can generally be predicted with tolerable certainty w]iat mil be the decisions of the Court in all questions of this kind. Of course tiie Registration Act is condemned, and we under stand that a case of appeal will be immediately sub mitted to the Privy Council. The Chief Justice stood alone in bis vindication of the Act, and delivered, we are informed (for we had not the pleasure of listening to him), a most masterly judg ment. We hare in another column printed it in extenso, and shall take an early occasion of offering a few comments on the very important questions involved. A preliminary meeting of the gentlemen engaged in the formation of a Caledonian Society in South Australia was held on Tuesday evening, at Aldridge'B, when the rules drawn up by the sub-Committee were received. It was resolved that the rules be printed, and that lists be prepared for the reception of names of intending members, and that the lists be circulated throughout the colony. It is believed that a large number of the Scotsmen in the province will join the Society when it is once started, and there can be no doubt that when it Is fairly set agoing it will accom plish the objects proposed — the promotion of national sympathy among the Scottish inhabitants of the province. Our Zadina correspondent draws a gloomy looking picture of the state of things at Wallaroo, but at the same time he holds out encouraging hopes of a not far distant improvement, and assigns reasons which are certainly very plausible. We direct attention to bis letter. A slight shock of earthquake occurred in the northern districts, between 6 and 7 o'clock on Mon day, the 15th inst. The shock was distinctly felt in Hill Biver, Clare, and Eiverton. Its direction is described by our Clare correspondent as being south east by north-west. The Finniss claims, Wallaroo, were on Tuesday submitted to public competition by Messrs. Townsend and Co., but there was no competition, and conse quently no sale. We believe the present arrangement is for Parlia merit to meet on the last Friday in February. As far as we can gather the Chief Secretary will not quit the colony previous to the mesting. We understand that the prisoner MalacM Martin has petitioned — or is aboat to petition His Excel lency to take into consideration certain circumstances tending to invalidate the evidence upon which the said MalacM Martin was convicted. Martin com plains that he should have been put upon his trial with Wilson, whom he maintains he had a right to cross-examine as a witness ; and he also explains that he was precluded getting up his defence properly by reason of a list of the witnesses for the Crown not having been supplied with. He says that Mr. Bankme is mistaken in bis dates, having confounded February with March, and that the entry in the Lett's diary referring to Jane Macnananim's departure on February 6th is correct. Of course it would be im proper for us to express any opinion upon questions that the prisoner prays His Excellency to consider in Executive Council. We have been since informed that the petition was not entertained, and that the law will take its course. The Balclutha sailed on Saturday, with a full com plement of passengers, both cabin and steerage. In the cabin were the Hon. A. BIyth, Mrs. A. Blyth, and family ; Mr. G. C. Hawker, M.P., Mrs. Hawker and family ; Mr. and Mrs. Stirling and family ; Capt. Hart, and many other well-known colonists. In the eteerage were a number of the miners engaged for the colliery, works in New South Wales. We have been favored by a merchant in Adelaide with the following Mauritius news:— 'No vessel loading for Adelaide, nor any probability, as there are no orders from here. Freights, £3 15s. to £4 ; vessels scarce. Exchange on Adelaide, eight per cent., expected to reach nine. Sugar shipped to Adelaide, 3,015,160 lbs. against 4,547,800, in the same period last year.' On Sunday morning, December 14, between 6 and 7 o'cloek, tw o thieves effected an entrance into Mr. Spieer's store, Curne-street. It is believed they entered through the skylight, and were heard by some persons passing, who informed the police of the circumstance ; but before the constables arrived the fellows had decamped, but without having opportu nity of carrying off any of the property in the store. On Sunday evening, December 14, a woman named Sinclair, and well known to the police, was arrested on suspicion of stealing a watch from the house of Sis Honor the Chief Justice. It appeared the woman was seen by some children to enter the house, -and to come out from it, but the person in charge, and to whom the watch belonged, never observed the woman, and knew nothing of her visit, till he missed the article, when he gave information to the police, and within an hour or so the thief was arrested by Constable Beasley with the watch secreted in her ehoe. On Thursday the criminal Charles White, con victed at the last Criminal Sittings to eighteen months' imprisonment for stealing books, stabbed himself with a knife in the abdomen, for the purpose of inva liding himself, to escape being sent up to the Stockade, but the unfortunate and insane fellow drove the knife too far, and we are told that the wound is too desperate to heal. TTia Excellency the Governor has received the following letter from Mr. F. S. Dutton relative to the International Exhibition : — 'London, October, 1862. ' His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, &c.;, &c.;} &c.;, Adelaide. « Sir — The final ceremony connected with the Great Eshibiton of distributing the medals and awards has been postponed until January. 'As lam desirous of returning now to the colony, I have taken my passage by the Swiftsure, to leave London on the 5th November and Plymonth on the 10th. ' The delivery of the goods in the South Australian . Court cannot be commenced until after the 15th . November, and must necessarily occupy some time. It would be inconvenient for me to remain solely for the purpose of superintending that delivery. My colleagues — Messrs. Elder and Walters — and myself have, made every arrangement requisite, and the delivery of the goods to the various exhibitors or their agents will be superintended by Messrs. Morgan Brothers, full directions for that purpose having been prepared by me. ' Captain Bagot has also kindly offered to assist in the duty, and there will be no difficulty in every thing being satisfactorily delivered. 'Sir Richard MacDonnell will officiate for the colony, to receive the medals and awards in January next, and forward them to Adelaide. 'The minutes of the proceedings of my colleagues and myself, at a meeting held for the purpose of arranging for the delivery of the goods will be for warded by Mr. Walters. ?? I have, &c;, 'FBANCI3 S. DPTTON, 'Acting Commissioner, S.A.' We have still reason to complain that English journalists will not take the trouble to make them selves passably acquainted with the geography of Australia. As a mere matter of geographical informa tion we ought not, however, feel called upon re peatedly to notice these inaccuracies ; but inasmuch as they may frequently affect the colonies in an in jurious manner, it becomes necessary to call attention to them. In a recent number of the Australian and New Zealand Gazette it is stated that there are four distinct routes now laid down upon the map of Australia, that of the Burke and Wills expedition being the most westerly one. With regard to South Australia's share iu the work of exploration we find the following remark : — ' Stuart has journeyed over that small portion which is marked as lying between Adelaide and the Victoria Eiver S' We lately paid a visit to the copper mines in the neighborhood of the Bremer, and quite agree with the remarks in a communicated article which appeared in this journal on the 15 th ultimo — that it is a pity that so muck mineral country near Adelaide should be comparatively neglected, while capital to a large amount is being expended at a great distance from a chipping port. The indications of mineral wealth in the Bremer district, afforded by the large quantity of low class ores, the refuse of former workings, and now to be seen in many places on the surface, together with the known richness of these mines, should encourage the prosecution of further researches, and the vigorous working of some of the old mines. Another argument in favor of this course is found in the fact that the Bremer mine, confessedly one of the poorest in the country as to the quality of its ores, their average produce being only 13 per cent, of copper, is being worked to advantage — actually paying. But this result is attributable mainly to the very able and economical management of- Mr. Alfred Hallett, added to the efficient nature of the machinery employed. From a personal inspection of the mine we can say that it presents a very encouraging appearance; the engine-shaft is sunk to a depth of 51 fathoms, and levels are being driven at 12, 23, 33, and 43 fathoms, from all of which ore has been taken in considerable quantities, and in the two latter a good deal iE still to be seen in tbe backs. A decided improvement is perceptible in the end of the 43, both in the quantity and quality of the ore — fine yellow sulphuret. From the perfection of the appliances employed for dressing the ore on this mine, and the completeness — though on a moderate scale — of the whole of the arrange ments, we are inclined to call it the model mine. Toe average quantity of ore raised is 150 tons per month ; the smeLdng works in the same time turning out about 20 tons of rough copper (96 per cent.) The neighboring mines at Kanmantoo is also being suc cessfully worked by a colonial company, and a fair guMtft/ of rich ore is being railed, Ti» lode* » the lower levels look very well indeed, and we have no doubt this mine will be a profitable one for years to come. We need not recapitulate here the account we gave last month of the quantity of ore raised from these mines since they were opened ; but the total amount is sufficient to indicate that a very important mineral district exists in this neighborhood. Several old mines are lying idle, which might under judicious management be profitably worked. The Preamimma, eixmileB from the Bremer mine, and in the hands of an English company, under the management of Mr. Richard Barker, is being vigorously worked. The engine-shaft is down 47 fathoms, and the water being rather strong, a contrivance is made for drawing the water by means of a cistern until the pumping gear arrives. This cistern raises about 3,500 gallons per hour. Some very good ores have been raised from this mine, and two good lodes have been cut in the shaft, one at the 30-fathom level, and the other in the bottom, both containing rich black sulphuret and bell-metal ore, with mundic, spar, &c.; — Commnioated. On Saturday last, December 13, a match between the East Torrens and Eastern Suburban Cricket Clubs took place, as per arrangement, at Kent Town. We might here state that prior to the commence ment of play an interview between Messrs. Futcher and Scandrett (the two captains) took place in re ference to a charge of packing laid against the East Torrens Club, they having held a special meeting of the clnb and balloted in two persons, who rank as crack hands, after the acceptance of the challenge by the Eastern Suburbans and all arrangements in con nection with the match had been settled. Mr. Scandrett put it to his team whether the match should take place, when it was decided to play — win or lose. Mr. Futcher von the toss, and sent, the Eastern Suburbans to the field and the East Torrensites to the wickets, Messrs. Shadrack and Eedman acting as umpires. Play now commenced, and the bowling of Messrs. Toms and Woods made great havoc, and the last wicket fell for 34 runs. Tbe Eastern Suburbans then went to the wickets, and succeeded in running up a score of 58 runs ; and as there was not time to finish the second innings it was decided by the first innings, thus leaving the Eastern Suburbans victors by 24 runs, as will be seen by the spore. There was a marked improvement in the batting in the second innings on both sides, and had there been another hour of daylight it would probably have been a ' tight match.' The batting of Messrs. Tomkins and Warburton of the East Torrens, and of Messrs. Woods and Scandrett of the Eastern Suburban, was very good, as also the bowling of Mr. Jaffrey and Messrs. Toms and Woods. Ap pended is the score : — Eastern Suburban. First Innings. Second Innings. J. Gooden, run out ? 1 b. Jaffrey ? o T. Woods, b. Tomkins ... ... O b. Jaffrey ? 24 J.Uren.b. Caterer ? o b. JafFrey ? 9 J. Scandrett, c. Schlinke ... 24 o. Schlinke ? 3 A. Uren, b Tomkins ? 1 b. Caterer ? 4 E. Thornton, b. Tomsins ... 4 not out ? 0 C. Gooden, b. Tomkins ... 0 not out ? 11 J. Weeks, b. Tomkins ? 12 not out ? 0 E. Eeadman, c. Jafirey ... 0 not out ? 0 S. Toros, b. Caterer ? 3 c. Warburton ... 4 G. Gooden, not out ... ... 3 not oat ? 0 Byes ? „ ... 2 Byes ? 6 Wides ? _ 2 Widcs ? 2 No balls ... 2 68 61 East Tobeens. First Innings. Second Innings. W. Warburton, h. Woods ... 14 b. Woods ? 16 W. Hughes, b. Woods ? 4 b. Toms ? 6 T. Fatcher. b. Toms ? 2 l.b.w., b. Woods ... 4 — Jaffrey, b. Toms .„ ... 4 b. Woods ? 3 — Booth, b. Wooda ... ... 0 run out ? 5 J. Schlinke, b. Toms ... ... 0 b. G. Gooden ... s — Caterer, ran out ? 0 b. Woods ? 0 J. Tompkine, b. Toms ? 0 b. Woods ? 45 J. Roberts, b. Woods ? 0 c. Woois ? 8 — Walder, b. Toms ? 0 run out ? o K. Wartmrton, b. Toms ... 4 runout ? 11 Byes ? M 3 Byes ? 8 Leg byes ? ... 3 Wide ? 1 I-eg bye ... 1 3( 113 A public meeting of the new Building Society — the 'Permanent National' — was held on Tuesday at cthe King's Head, King William-street, Mr. Anderson in the chair, for the purpose of explaining the principles of the Society and receiving members' names. It was stated that there were above 40 Building Societies in the province, and that their history showed that they had paid, and were paying, a far higher rate of interest than any other benefit Society established, and in consequence held out peculiar advantages to both investors and borrowers. At the conclusion of the meeting several shares were taken up. — [Communicated.'} 