THE EMPRESS EUGENIE. Eugenie's father, during bis service with the French army, had selected Paris as his home, and there too resided his brother, who left Spain with the ex- king, Charles IV., and his family. Among the latter was a girl of three years of age (the circumstance occurred in 1809), of the name of Maria, who frequently played in the gardens of the Tuilcries, under the supervision of her nurse. On one occasion, a little boy, about ay ear old, made her a present of a plain gold ling, and neither of their nurses was aware of the fact As the boy was a stranger, and was not seen again in the gardens, no inquiries were made as to the ownership of the ring, and the little Spanish countess kept it as a valuable plaything. The ring was the betrothal ring of Josephine, which little Louis Napoleon, the son of that Hortense whom IS T apoIeon loved EG dearly, had taken off his uncle s finger unnoticed. JVapoleon soon after marched off to fight the Austrians, and the ring was forgotten ; but it was an evil omen for Josephine, who, a year later, had to make way for a daughter of the Hapsburgs. Little Maria Montijo felt an inexplicable attachment for this ring, on which the word Josephine was engraved; she took care of it while a child, and when she grew up, placed it among her most valued ornaments. She had no idea to frhom it belonged, or that it was the Emperor's nephew ' who had given it to her. When she attained the age of sixteen, she was married to her uncle, the Duke ot Peneranda, and French Colonel of Artillery, in order to reunite the two branches of the Guzman family, and thus became the mother of En genie, who was born ou May .5,1826. It was another remarkable coincidence, that May 5 was the anniversary of Napoleon's death,—the most sacred day to' the Bonaparte family. Eugenie's mother had the date May 5 engraved on Josephine's ring, in memory of her daughter's birth, and afterwards gave it to her. And it was another remarkable circumstance, that Eugenie, when a child, visited her relations, the Kirkpatricks, in London; and here Prince Louis Napoleon, who had just arrived from Italy as a Carbon'aro formed the acquaintance of the little Montijo. He saw the ring among her ornaments, noticed the inscription, had the date of May 5th explained to him, and now knew that Napoleon's lost ring was in the possession^ the Countess Euge:iie de Montijo. From this day the young fatalistic heir of Napoleon I. regarded the little Countess Montijo Teba as attached to his house l>y a higher inspiration ; and this really came to pass twenty years later. Eugenie at that time had no idea of all this; indeed, it was not till a later date, when the mother learned the importance of the ring, and the fatalism which Louis Napoleon attache^ to it, that the Montijo family formed their plan. The old traditional marriage policy of the family made her resolve that Eugenie must form an alliance with the Bpnapartes, so soon as a wish to that efifect were really entertained by the other side. For the present, it was merely a question of-marrying a pretender; but the pretender toight have a future, and the ambition of the MontSjos might aid in advancing it. That is the principal reason why so lovely and' rich a,.-girl > as Eugenie had attained the age of twenty-sis, which is doubly dangerous for a Spanish woman, without being married. She was chosen to fulfil a. 1 ,' destjny;" and in 1848 the family were doubly 'ambitious to fulfil it, because Napoleon had in the meanwhile," attained supreme power in France. Even before this period the predestined couple had met at watering-places, and calumny had already begun to adhere to Eugenie, because it was deemed impossible that a Spanish girl should have attained such a ripe age without some gallantry. Hence tempters and speculators swarmed round her; but the fools did not know Eugenie, who was a true Montijo ; they did notstispeet why this glorious woman allowed 'the freshness of youth to fade, without accepting one of the offers that were daily made to her. The marriage policy of the Montijos was also followed in 'the case of Eugenie's sister, who was. united with the Duke of Alba, the richest and most noble grandee of Spain. The Empress has just raised her languid eyes to one of the pictures behind the camellias, which displays the small, pale face of a man. Perhaps she is thinking of her sister, the Duchess of > Alba, who died in the flower of her age. She is dead for ever, and will not rise from lier coffin again, as her husband's mother did. This lady fell into a 8tate of catalepsy at the time when she hore under her heart the brother-in-law of the Empress the of French. She was placed in the coffin, and solemnly laid in the family vault of the AJbfts. In the night came robbers, who took off the coffin-lid, and began stripping her of the ornaments • buried' with her according to custom;'.and as the robbers could not pull off a valuable diamond ring, they simply cut it away., The pain recalled the fenciea corpse to life; she rose in her white Cere-cloths, and walked about the castle to the terror of the family. - -At-length, however, they were convince!) that it wfe not the ghost of the Duchess, but herself in flesh and blood; she recovered, and gave birth to a son, who,, possibly through this apparent death, had a corpse-like complexion in childhood,'-and has "ever since, retained it. " ' The opposite folding doors are thrown open,, and arouse the Empress from her reverie.'" Little Napoleon comes in, followed by hisgouvernante. He is tall for his six years, though rathei delicate; but his round, healthy face, with his mother's large -blue eyes and fair hair,, contradict all the rumors about the imperial Prince being bodily and mentally weak. He is simply dressed in a kilt, and- afine white chemisette, with a loose black neckerchief; and his plaid stockings are npt fastened with garters, but hy elastics to his belt. He merrily runs', up'to his mother 1 battle'door and shuttlecock in hand, to bid her good morning; he also adds that his father will soon come to fetch the Empress for a walk in the garden. Eugenie rises, walks to her desk, ana while writing a note hastily in her long, delicate characters, the child of France plays witb the shuttlecock^ and prattles merrily with fais nurse. There are many rumors about this boy; the most of them declaring that he is the child of a political necessity. In truth, little Napoleon has not the slightest trace of resemblance with bis imperial father, and none of the characteristic features of the Bonapartes. He is very like his mother; and that is'all we can venture to affirm. The elect of seven millions raised Eu- : genie to his throne that she might bear him an heir, and she did so in the second year of her marriage. The door opens once again, and the mperor walks in, in a plain .frock coat, and hat in hand : with the exclamation, " Mon todo!" the Empress rises and walks to meet her husband, not lovingly, but as if thoughtfully trying to read his face. Napoleon invites her to accompany him in a walk, and she rings, and orders an attendant to bring ber bonnet and shawl. The Emperor is playing with his son; and Eugenie gazes at the scene, not without sympathy; but her eyes seek before all to read something else, something interesting to hereupon Napolen's face. She is more to him than a mere wife; she is a portion of his existence; and however enamoured the Prince President may have been of the Countess Montijo, he would not have married her, had he not seen in her the spirit of a zealous and rare ally, who was more valuable to him than tbe doubtful advantages of an alliance with a princess of some reigning house. Eugenie attracted Napoleon by her charms; but not for the sake of being loved by liiin, so much as so satisfy the ambition of the Montijos. She promised him her hand; but he must first become a real power in France—Emperor. Still she labored zealously in order to attain this object. She agitated; gained men who admired her over to tbe Napoleonic cause; and, under the mask of an enthusiastic .woman, made all the preparations for the coup d etat with tbe chief leaders. On that December night when it was carried out, she sat with Napoleon at the telegraphic instrument. Hence she worled with her own hands in restoring the Napoleon dynasty and Napoleon never for a moment overlooked tbe fact. In the case of any eventualities, he appointed her Regent, for he knew her energy, her sharp sightedness, her presence of mind, her political foresight, which were eminently displayed during the Italian campaign. He allows her to preside at the Council of State; for no one understands so well as she does Napoleon's inmost thoughts, or can judge so well the consequences of events. There is something prophetic about her; and the Emperor regards :ier as a portion of his fate. She is the head of the clerical and legitimist tendencies in the Napoleonistic family ; just as Prince Napoleon is the head of the revolutionary ideas. Both act from conviction and after a settled plan, and in many instances spontaneously; for the Emperor considers that the best way of weakening his foes is to act as their leader, and guide them astray, or to the brink of a irecipice. The Emperor, as St. Cecilia, lence moves with the clericals and legitimists; while Prince Napoleon, as Hotspur, weakens the revolutionists by glorifying them. 