SOUTHERN PROVINCE ELECTION. The nomination of candidates for the representation in the Legislative Council of the gotham Province?, rendered vacant through the retirement, by rotation, of Mr. Joseph Sutherland took place yesterday, at the Court-house, Brighton. The candidates were Mr. W, J. T. Clarke, who formerly represented the province, and Mr. Thomas Embling, who for some time test for Collingwood In the Legislative Assembly. About eighty persons were present. The Bbwbsing Opwcer (Mr. W. A. 0. A'Beckett) having opened the proceedings by, landing the writ of election, , Ht, G. BOLTE stood forward to nominate or, Emeling. He recommended Mr. Embling to the notice of the electors on the ground that that gentleman held sentiments in unison with those entertained by the great majority of the people of the colony; that, not being a large landed proprietor, he would be able to deal impartially with matters affecting the disposal of the public funds' and that he was opposed to the continu once of state aid to religion. Mr. J- Wisewould seconded the nomination of Mr. Embling. Although Mr. Enabling was a candidate for a seat in the Legislative Council, but they were aware, by his sentiments and votes in the legislative Assembly, that he was favour able to measures which were for the greatest good of the greatest number, Mr. Clarke had stated, in his published address, that he had done nothing to forfeit the good opinion of the electors. He (Mr. Wisewould) was not sure that Mr. Clarke had ever had their good opinion. That Mr. Clarke was returned on a previous occasion was very certain, but that the doctors were now more alive to their duties than they were at that time was equally certain. Mr. Clarke also stated in his address, that he was the architect of his own fortune, and trusted that the electors would not quarrel with him on that account. He (Mr. Wisoaould) had no objection to Mr. Clarke being the architect of his own force tone so long as he raised the structure with his own materials; but he had to take issue with Mr. Clarke on this very point. At the time Mr. Clarke was returned to the Legislative Council on a previous occasion, he had not been successful in placing before the public the allurements of the Bolinda Mining Company. They had heard a great deal of the Provident Institute lately, and many of them had been very strong in their expressions of opinion with reference to that establishment, but at the time the Provident Institute was set before the public there were certainly bona fides in the are rangements, and it was not intended that the depositors should not have something for their money. This was a very different state of things to that which had existed with regard to the gentleman who now sought the confidence of the constituency. (A Voice, 11 That has nothing to do with the question.") If he could refer to any acts on the part of Air, Clarke which would disentitle him to their confidence, he (Mr. Wisewould) thought the reference had a great deal to do with the question. He did not think Mr. Clarke was entitled to a continuance of what he assumed to be their good opinion!, because since 1856 he had been engaged in such transactions as putting before the public a com Cy known as ''The Bolinda Mining Company." ely a great public proceeding, in which an individual had benefited to a large extent by misrepresenting circumstances to his fellow colonists should disentitle him to such high honour as a seat in the Legislative Council. They ought to have, in that House, men who were in capable of such transactions. Mr. Clarke had done nothing to purge himself of the act of which he was then guilty, and therefore his fitness for a seat in the Upper House of the Legislature was very questionable. Mr. H, O'NEILL proposed Mr. W. J. T. duke as a candidate, he called attention to the display which Victoria had made in the Great Exhibition, and reminded the doctors that the credit of this was due, not to doctors or lawyers, but to the men who first met their hands to the plough, who cultivated the and and bred the sheep, and made the country habitable for the gentlemen with smooth hands and kid gloves. Such a man was Mr. Clarke. His great desire was not to indulge in any high flights of fancy in speech-making, but to see the people settling upon the land, and every man in the possession of a fat carcase of mutton and a fine fleece of wool. Mr. Clarke was a tried man. Be represented the South Province before, and retired from it with honour to himself and satisfaction to the constituency. True, some men might envy and attack him, but where was the man -U worth anything who was not envied and stacked? As to the Bolinda Company. Mr. Clarke was sanguine that he had a bit of gold on Mt own land. But who had not been sanguine in this respect ? He (Mr. O'Neill) was impressed in that direction at one time with regard to some land of his own. A Voice How much money did he make out that? Mr, O'Neill said he was not is possession of any instructions, and, therefore, could not say, (Laughter.) But it was surprising, if Mr. Clarke had committed a fraud that no proceed- ing were taken against him in any court, But he still walked Collins-street respected, and that every man was glad to shake hands with him, (Hear, hear.) He begged to remind the electors that, in choosing a representative on such an occasion, regard should be had to qualifications, both of mind and pocket. It was the fashion to cry out against property qualification but he held it to be their sect anchor. Disionsa with the property qualification, and the coutry would be in a state of anarchy. It had been i said that there were in the Legislative Council men who were not properly qualified. If this were so, he trusted that, as soon as Parliament met an investigation would be made into the matter, and that if there were any members of the Legislative Council who did not possess the requisite qualification, they would follow the practice which applied to justices of the peace when they became insolvent, and at once resign. Fraud, if it existed in commercial circles, should not be allowed to prevail in high places. In conclusion, Mr. O'Neill urged that Mr. Clarke, as an owner of extensive property in the Southern Province, had on that ground alone a strong claim on the suffrages of the electors. Mr. J. Younghusband seconded Mr. Clarke's nomination. He deprecated the manner in which the merits and demerits of the candidates had been canvassed by previous speakers. He was not aware that Mr. Clarke had committed any act which called for the slightest censure. (Cries of! "Oh," and " Hear.) With regard to the lining company, Mr. Clarke only did what any other member of the community would be glad to do if he had the chance. His transactions in the matter as he (Mr. Younghusband) could testify-wore of the most straightforward character. He had to apologise for Mr. Clarke's absence on the occasion, Mr. Clarke left town before the writ of election was issued, but if the electors so desired, he would avail himself of every opportunity of meeting them before the day of election, and of having his opinions tested with those of the other candidate. He (Mr, Younghusband) hoped, for the sake of the province and the country at large, that the country would hesitate before rejecting a man of Mr. Clarke's standing. Mr. Embling then addressed the meeting. He remarked that he naturally felt very nervous in entering upon a contest of this grave nature-a contest in which one party, as was well known and acknowledged, had at his back an enormous amount of wealth, while the other was but one of the small fry of landed proprietors in the province. But although he felt a little nervous, he had not hesitated one moment as to his duty from the time he saw the address of Mr. W. J. T. Clarke in The Argus. Although the first crude date in the field, nothing would have given him greater pleasure than to retire in Mr. Clarke's favour, and, indeed, propose him to the electors, if his opinions had been such as to secure the confidence of the constituency. But knowing that Mr. Clarke had never given to the province or to the colony a candid statement of his political opinion?, he (Mr. Embling) was bound to think that Mr. Clarke had no political opinions, or that his political opinions were such as could not be supported, and therefore he determined to fight out, and, if possible, win the battle He might observe that he had an ample qualification for the Upper House, almost the en- safety of which was in the Southern Province itself and as Mr. Clarke asked their suffrages on the ground that his enormous wealth was bound up in the welfare of the whole colony, he (Mr. Embling) demanded their suffrages because his wealth! was bound up in the interests of the Southern Province itself. He was not unknown to public life. Bia principles had been tested during many J ears. He had been accustomed to mix in legh - ative strife in the House of Assembly, and there he had obtained a practical acquaintance with legislation, which, if required in the Lower Home, was paramountcy demanded in the Upper House, He held that a man should obtain a practical acquaintance with legislation in, the lower House before he went to the Upper House The branch of Parliament upon which depends i the actual welfare of the colony. For years has advocated this principle, and therefore his candidature was but a development of this principle. Moreover, he did not belong to that enormously wealthy and overwhelming interest which was said to be the bone and sinew and triple support of the country. He was a Mond to the squatting interest. He had demanded in the Lower House, when it was most unpopular t > oo so, that that interest should have a fair hearing, and be dealt with fairly on its merits. iHo Save the squatters every credit for the good they done to the country. He gave them credit "frSvW large mnr"'VthRmRe'ro». (Light" ) ?"' --v. uni: near, Saltia they were dealing with ' The question of representation in the Upper House, he asked the electors to return a m n who had some knowledge of political life, and who had shown, in political life, his willingness I I to serve his country. At the present time, he re i gretted to say, the Upper Horse was nothing of more nor less than it sure (shire borough (a i I Voice-" That's whom want to weather," and I laughter), held aviary in the control of the I -wealthiest of the people. if quite related in the propriety of continuing; his qualification, but her i objected to the tests in the Upper Hon.e being filled by none but the wtnuaitt.tin the country. Why should not the farming and mining interests have representatives ? Why should the squatting interest, and the two other great interests bound up with it, be the only internes cared for The it suit of the existing constitution of the Upper House was, that measures of utility were only raised in the Legislative Assembly to be rejected by the Legislative Council, and their because they happened to touch in some little degree the in- forest of the squatters. And thus it happened that one predominant interest stood in the way of all progress and all reform. Allusion had been made to the Provident Institute; and he might I remark that when Mr. Haines endeavoured to bring in a bill for the establishment of a national bank had the proposition been entertained, instead of being crushed, there would have been it bank where people could have tended Small deposits with Security at moderate interest, and nothing would have been heard of a Provident institute, which, after drawing a quarter of a million of money from the people, had left them at their wits' end, and almost starving; at the same time there would have been no interference with the legitimate ' order of the banking companies. There had been over and over again deadlocks in legisla- tion through the attitude assumed by the Legislative Council. Certain constitutional questions could not be disposed of without the assent of an actual majority of the Upper as well as of the Lower House. Now, he thought the requirement for an actual majority in each case was unnecessary. He would have the rule still continued with regard to the Legislative Assembly, but if there was an actual majority in the people's House, he thought the question should be allowed to pass the Legislative Council with a simple majority. A proposition to abolish state aid to religion had been passed three times by the Lower House, and it had been as many times rejected by the Upper House; and there was no remedy, becaiiEO the Constitution Act required that such a measure should be carried in each House by on actual majority. He thought there was another change called for. The provinces were so enormous in extent that it was almost impossible for a candidate to present himself before the whole of a constituency; and he considered that, looking to the increased population, the time had come when the provinces might he subdivided. He likewise thought that a more perfect House night be secured if the number of representatives were increased from thirty to forty-five, According Mr. Clarke's published address, every political question, save one, was now placed I cj and the region of controversy, The exception K jib decentralization. Well, they were all agreed that decentralization was necessary. But the land question was not finally settled. However good the measure of last year might be, owing to the changes which came over the country every three or four years, alterations and amendments were ture to be required If no alterations were anticipated, what did Parliament mean by declaring that the act might be altered or repealed without giving compensation to the squatter ? And what was the position of the squatters at the present time ? Mr. Duffy, who was most anxio jb to carry out the Land Act in its integrity, stated that the of quarters at present occupied 31,000,000 acres. But there were 7,000,01)0 acres which were to be cut up into smaller runs runs suffer ; crest to carry 5,000 sheep, or 1,200 head of j cattle. If this provision were to be applied To thewhole the pastoral lands, there would be, instead of 1,200 enormous squatters, 4,000 smaller squatters, and the farming interest and the country generally would be benefited considerably in consequence. No matter how much perfect peace might be desired for the colony, to me such change as this would in time be demanded in the present land law. With regard to the state-aid question, he had never heard a single argument in favour of that measure Every year £50,000 went away from the state to pay the clergy, and to his certain knowledge the money did the clergy more harm than good. The money spent to date and during the last six years could have made good roads into the centre of Gipps Land, which according to botanist s and geologists, was the garden of Victoria. Or it could have been applied, with great advantage, to the encourage most of new industries-to providing premiums for the preparation of kaolin, the cultivation of tobacco and the Chinese tea tree, or the growth of Angora wool. Then there was the new School Act. That was a subject not altogether withdrawn from public discussion, particularly when one sixth or one-seventh of the people of the colony were not represented on the Educational Board. This matter would have to undergo investigation and a little consideration would show the electors that Mr. Clarke never made a greater mistake than when he said that all these things were now placed beyond the region of controversy. The ghosts of the School Bill would haunt Parliament for the next two years, and until the measure became fit for mortal existence. But in order to secure these and other desirable objects, It was necessary that the provinces should place in the Upper House men of progress men -who were for assisting the miner and the farmer -men who, whatever became of the squatting and banking interests, which were well able to take care of themselves, would see that people were taken care of, and their true welfare promoted. (Cheers.) Mr. O'Neill expressed his regret at Mr. Clarke's unavoidable absence, but said he deemed it unnecessary to offer any address on that gentleman's behalf. He could assure the meeting that, in making his observations with regard to the qualification of certain gentlemen who were now members of the Legislative Council, he had not the least intention of insinuating that there was any want of qualification on the part of Mr. Embling. With respect to the proposition to take £50,000 from the clergy and spending it on reads to Gipps Land, he begged to inform the meeting that, according to a slate meet which he saw in a public paper, there would be £250,000 expended on public works this year. (Laughter.) Mr. Clarke's feeling with regard to state aid to religion was, not that the money should be withdrawn, but that it should be more widely distributed that densely populated places should be left to support their own clergymen and build their own churches and that the state aid should' be continued only to thinly populated district is in the country. Thin he held to be necessary, in order that religion might not die out of Victoria. (Cries of .' Hear ;" and " No.") In conclusion, Mr. O'Neill urged that Mr. Clarke was the right of an for the province. A show of hands was then called for. The number held up for Mr. Embling was sent for Mr. Clarke, fifteen. A poll was demanded on the part of Mr. Embling, and appointed for Monday, the 29th last. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the returning officer. TARnagulla and the New Zealand Rush The New Zealand fever has again set in with renewed vigour. The contagion draws about 200 per week on the average from this part of the district. The coach for Castlemaine, which came and went away empty or nearly be, for the last three months, now leaves here with a crowded cargo every morning, leaving behind many who had booked a day or two previous in consequence of so many clearing out, property of every description is a complete drug in the market, and sellers and no buyers; those possessing (the means are off, while the poor folks are (obliged to stay where they are, and chew His end of poverty. Many I have no doubt are anxiously waiting for the more lucky ones to dart, and thus secure the payable claims notes partly abandoned Geelong Advertiser, Sept. 5, FATAL ASSAULT The coroner's inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of Bernard O'Hara began on Thursday last, and was resumed on Monday, the only additional testimony taken being that of Edgar Browne, who deposed that he was a carrier, and resided at Woodend. He was in company with the prisoner and deceased on the 10th inst. All three were in the waggon. Deceased put his foot on a box, and prisoner do sired him to remove it, as the box was of some importance. He did so, but replaced it, and was again told to remove it. He did so, but a third time replaced it as before Prisoner then got excited, remonstrated with him, and ordered him to leave the waggon, which he refused to do. A scuffle then ensued, and prisoner relied deceased over the back of the waggon. Deceased fell on his head. Witness had known " the prisoner for five months, and on the occasion referred to he (prisoner) was neither drunk nor sober. Deceased was not quite drunk, but very nearly so. Before the prisoner rolled deceased cut of the waggon, he was struck at twice by the deceased. The jury brought in the following verdict: That the deceased Bernard O'Hara came by his death at Daylesford on the 10th inst., through his neck having been broken, consequent upon having been thrown from a waggon by George Smith; but from the evidence adduced we acquit the prisoner of having any malicious intention which could have led to his death." Daylesford Express, Sept. 17. ABOLITION OF THE GUNDAGAI AND TUMCJT Courts On the recommendation of Judge Slake, the Government propose at the end of the current year to withdraw the court of quarter J sessions and district courts at Gundagai and Tumut, as being altogether unnecessary, and pref claim their removal to Wagga Wagga, as contest till si uftUd.-Federal Standard, Sept. 17. ' 