CANONIZATION OF THE JAPANESE MARTYRS. (From the Weekly Register, Jnne 14) One of tbe greatest events tbat ever occurred in Christian Romp, perhaps one of the greatest events in tbe history of tbe Church, happened in tbe Eternal City on Sunday. On that day, being tbe festival and anniversary of the descent of the Holy Ghost upon tbe Apostles, tbe lineal sue- : cessor of tbe Prince of tbe Apostles, surrounded by the Princes and Prelates of the Church, pro nounced the Canonisation of those beatified Martyrs who between tbe middle of the Ib'th and . lTtb centuries cheerfully poured out their blood - in testimony of tbe truth of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and laid down their lives for tbe sake of those Christian souls whom tbeir labours bad . rescued from Paganism in Japan. For tbe par ticulars preceding that extraordinary event we refer our readers to the second most interesting letter of Mr. Wilberforce Upon this subject we shall make but one observation, but it is one pregnant with import. At a moment when by one of tbe basest and most unnatural conspiracies - that ever disgraced monarchs and statesmen, the Sovereign Pontiff has been robbed of those States which tbe piety of former ages bestowed upon tbe Church for the propagation of the Faith, and , when tbe Powers of Hell and E*rth seem com bined to overthrow religion, law, and order, the Pope, by tbe mere expression of his wish, has drawn together to the Holy See, from, every qutrter of tbe earth, a greater number oi Car dinals, Patriarchs, Archbishops, Bishops, and ; other Dignitaries and Priests of the Churchy than the most powerful (in a temporal sense) of ; his predecessors in the palmiest days of tbe . Papacy, and when bai.ked by the most puissant sovereigns of the earth were able to convoke. Who will say after this that the ages of faith are extinct? Ignorant scribblers, without faith or judgment, ntf ct to scoff at wh;it is now passing in Rome ; but we are much mistaken if those in high places, wbo feel the responsibility of their position, do not comprehend tbe grave import of those events — unpredecented as they are in their solemnity and their peculiarity of time and cir cumstance?. 