i: THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL EXHIBITION. I '? '; ? ' ?'' NO. rv. ' ; '? . [ TO THU IMTOB.OF THE I MP IEE. . Sm,-One would tum tl-ougut that undi x the tntorBbi; of thegreet O'Connell, who protested against *' hireling of the State," Mr. Plänkelt, like all trae Irish Bornai Catholics, would hare had an instinctive honor o any religions alliance with the State,' sod proteatei against "Sings, Parliaments, and Orangemen," inter meddling in any way with religions matters. "Ireland aays this great reformer and liberator, " hus often twei taken to tbe jnaWtei, by her sons, end sold hy the cor raption other children ;" and is.there no fear cf tb Cborob being betrayed for a priori in like manner t Mr. Plonkett telle ns tbat this bill oomes ia " i qa st onab'e abepe,*' and/like Hamlet'a ghost, " it smell BiilpburaoDB," .Sm. -Why, the whole history of th Church aod State allianoe bas been questionable. .Tbi spotless bride bas besom s a (harlot. Tbere bas been i reciprocity of benefits between them] at the compromisi of principle, on the theory of the oelebratedEdmund Bniki -" The 8ttt3 has made the'prieBts as princely ai paisible.'*. Aye, we have gold in the camp, and the cursi of Sod will rest upon it in a feeble ministry and i formal people. "All the Ch rob of God owed foi centuries to tbs State, was hardships, sorrows, eonflsoa lion of goode, extinetion of liberty, tbe morder of bei ministers, and tba massaorc of ber people." Thc alliance establishes, SB Banoroft observes, tbe Chard supreme or ibo State-sapreme ; one or other forfeits i i liberty. An Act of 'Parliament, instead of the trott wbioh mak s men freq, is the Magna Charter of om Ghiistisn liberty ; and the State treasury, instead of the bowels of the saints, .tbs very dependence of oar Christian existence. Mr. Plunkett dwells long'on Sir B. Bourke's Act. No doubt it was life to bis eo-rellgioniets, it was the half, way bonse to entire séparation and emancipation from tbe State ; it was based on revenue -the man who smoked most, drank most, 'consumed moat dutiable articles, was, on this principle, the best supporter of religion. Grrg, grog built our hospitals j sod what built oar obarebeaf The very principle cornea to as, like Hamlet's ghost, ia questionable sbapet the end sanctified tbe meaua. Sir B. Bourke's Act was a measure of religions i quilty, admirable in its day, bat limited to tba four denomina, tiot.s, then of any amonnt in population ; but, ainoe than, other bodies have sprung up. and assumed im- portance. The Free Church of Soot'and, the Congrega- tionalists, Jews, &). - C0.0O0 parsons ; and thsse now stand as subservient, J iet aa .tbe Bomen GatV.ollo Chnrob did when the Church of Engl md wai the dominant Oburob of the eolony. Is Mr. Plunkett, theo, satisfied tbat bis Church should get her neek out of tbe yoke ; bul that other religious bodies may not, eitb*r from their peculiar principles true to New Teitamenl teaching, or from a constitutional sche- dule, enjoy n like freedom. Mr. Plunkett oasts the blame upon them in refuting to accept what they oonceive would be Belling their birtb. right for a mess of pottage from tba Stat-. Their re- fusal is ia virtue of principles wblch they consider saored In saving Christianity from the secularising in- fluence of the civil power. But, had theee religious bodies been disposed to to oept, where is tbe fund under Sobednle O for Boob in oreaaed demands ? Tho fnrtd entirely fails to Bupply boi'dlng materials, and does not supoort one.(hird of the ole-a/y of the favoured donomfnaticus, and, consequently, oould not be extended to fresh applicants. In foot, only for voluntaryism, region would bave bad only.a nominal existence in the colony. . On the principle of revenoe, ths Mabomedan as well as tbe Jew, tbe Dei t as well as the Christian, weald bars all a proportionate elalm ; and, indeed, have now apon Bohednle 0, "publia worship," aod not Cbrittian worship, being the legal qualification to State-aid. This, Mr. Plunkett admits, io contending tbat tbs Jews were unjustly deprived of their modioum of Slate support-£ïOD per annum. . Would not thiB, then, bs a principle ol rottenness, whoo legitimately carried our, from wbiob Mr. Plunkett bimneli would shrink- a certain oousequence as population inorea ed, and anti-Cbriatian, as we i ss Cbrisiian, denominations multiply, »nd thereby our Législature becomes more mixed end motley f Slr Riobard Bourke's Act is inoperative, and Sobednle C ie dall; becoming ao ; end,like the State of Maiaiohusetts, qnntrd by Ur. Plunkett,.. State-aid, from tbe growing oiroumatanoea of the colony, must beeome gradually extinct ; while ita inflaenoea are every day brooming leas and lego, ita injustice ia growing with the growth of 'volnntarylMn. Mr. Plunkett asserts tbat tba '/aeling of tbe while colony is in favour of . Stale-aid, save 0000 persons. This ls monstrous, and shows tbst tba honorable gentleman docs not know tbe feelings of a large portion ot bis own cn.religionists. For with all the pressure of olericai influence of tba ooali ion cherches, with petitions, printed wholesale in Sydney, manataotored . by the , beads cf religious bodies bera, and scattered wide and far, tba number of signatures, females not exespted, bearB bot a sorry proportion to the misses oomposlng tba State paid obnrobea; s»d"why shcnld it be otherwise? fur according to ,n" Biabop of Newoaitle and Hr. Plunkett, thennmbrr ol elergy Btaiw«?^d B»*«>ln8ydn'y ar« /.iii eöfflpar«! with thn " soores of others ¿ZÜTettl »upjitrted cy ibu voluntary tyBiem, and be believed the mu» waa Ibe ouse in tba Gharoh of England." Where, tht-r, tba incentive ot the whole colony to nphold State« ala f Mr. Plnnkett orgueB in a circle, and thunders in ibe vocabulary of Buchanan. He talks of robbery, atrocity, oonfisoation, treason, dissolution, &o;, a rotular labyrinth of ideas, and sa) s that State aid goea a very short way in travelling- I hni>poae be maana not far from Sydne»;battbe amount,neveith'lei's, was" beneiloial,"on tbe principle, I suppose, that ibe smallest oontribulion is acceptable. He nays there is"no lund for the salaries to be paid out..of," forgetting tbat bis own pension aod Schedule O have no other aouroe than tbe consolidated fond and an Aot of Parliament to Bronte them. So likewise the present bill. Mr. Plnnkett comes in questionable company, arm and aim with the tao orthodox blaoops, never nmktog mention ot his t wo. Siranga, indeed, is the soolety be picks op-by .the way, an old Presbyterian divine, the le-dt-r of the Free Church movement, a turn.cast parson, and a humorous old post oaptein, who'would measure a churoh by tbe same standard a« a ship of war, by ils eon. neclion with tbs State, and thin aaaurea na that be oould not find any.' other worka on the: anbjeot: t-xotpt bia old and cbs lubed friend, Dr. Lang, who.a Bpeot- clea ha does not appro Vf. Thar, »iib a zeal destitute oljbnow lidgn, be daubai into tba question nnder discussion, Riofldd with tba scraps he has aooidentally picked, np fiom an antiquated diary, and Mr, Conlton'a attempt to juicily bis own apnataoy. Anecdote meaxunt g lila andienen ia better tbsn rea« son, so be deala in a stnry which aotn.lly refutes iba statementa ol tb- Jndaefrom whom he quotes, tbst tbs tatty tyrannise ovei ta» clergy, tho clergrman In tba eaae in qnesiion exhibiting bia entire independence by shewing bis fanatic íisi'or* tbe do. r. Snob anecdotes, howevrr absurd, often tell better than facts, whloh are In« Mw WAU J/.IOAÏK I-OÏAI, HAX- lie K..jat ll»». 60, ore» ir. n.e.hea rgai', «016 loue, 800 bois» power, Doer building in Obeibem -«ru, will, ii is oxpote., bf laanehed on ifae lOiti of next monti, end «irvunoue 'Sorteare being made lo ge! ber ss forward es posible by that date. Within ti e last few days »bout fony «bip. ?rights have been taken from the iron ship, Achilles, and planed upon Iba Boral Oak,and are now, together with a large number ot other workmen, em plo j ed in ley lpg the npper deck, wblob operation bas for si.me eon ..loerable 'lae been refereed in consequence *f the iron plates «iib which the dick is to bs lined, to prevent ifjury from the throeing of liquid fire by an enemy wheo tba ship ia In aatlon, not belog received from the contractor aa promrtyea waa anticipated. Tbe three lower tie ts of armour platea on the broadside of Ihr Yrsael are nearie eomnlatrf. 