THE CANONIZATION OF THE JAPANESE MARTYRS. From the Correspondent of the ' Times') SOME, June 8. THE glorious sun of Italy was rising over this city of the dead when I drove down to St. Peter's this morning. Cupola after cupola caught its early hearns, and the Castle of St. Angelo glittered as if made of burnished gold. Pedestrians and equipages were even then hurrying down to St. Peters, and many persons were hanging about the bridge, as usual on such occasions, to the note of the great or the beautiful. Car drays' carriages are just having their hammer-cloths put on for their Eminence's are not so early as their humbler disciples, and will come down later in all the gorgeous ness which should distinguish true Christian fishermen. What is the motive of all this preparation? Seven-and-twenty Christian martyrs, at all events so called, are to be canonized to-day, and the true believers are to be enriched with as many advocates at the Throne of Grace. Crucified near Nagasaki on the 5th of February, 1897, they were justified on the 3rd of January, 1827, and permission given for canonization at the same time. How it is that these distinguished martyrs have been overlooked for upwards of 200 years, while others of less merit have been canonized, it is not for me to explain. I have only to note facts ; but one word in favor of the Japanese, who, though not Christians, may be indisposed to accept the title of persecutors. There is a little hook now lying before me, entitled Descrizione Me Ceremonies, c, furnished,' too, with all the guarantees that could be desired, which tells some tales that go far to prove that the Japanese were not so bad as some might imagine, and that the martyrs, however good and brave, might have been put to death for some other reason than the profession of their religion. Two Jesuit Fathers were allowed to accompany, console, and confess them, without increasing the list of martyrs. The parents, also, of two of the sufferers, who were Japanese, accompanied them to the cross, and left them rejoicing. I find, too, that the Jesuit Father Ganez collected their remains two months after their death, depositing the Jesuits in their Church in Nagasaki, and sending the Franciscans to Manila. A book, therefore, just published in Rome does the Japanese the justice to say, at least by im- plication, that they were much more tolerant than Roman Catholics of the present day, who will not allow Protestant Churches in their cities if they can help it and simple minded persons may begin to doubt whether the Martyrs were any Martyrs at all. All doubts are now, however, too late, for the canonization has taken place, and this digression has stopped me in my course to the Porte Santa Maria, at which place all privileged persons are ordered to enter. It is a very narrow entrance, and ladies with graceful black veils, and Palatial Guards and priests from the four winds of Heaven, and your own correspondent, are all struggling for entrance. Some in black ties are ex- changing them hurriedly for their white pocket-handkerchiefs, and others, who are not so happy as to have any reserve of the kind, are trying to get in without any tie at all. At last, by a strong effort, we overcome all difficulties, and, as if we had been shot out of the mouth of a cannon, we find ourselves in the left transept of this gorgeous edifice. And now for my place, which is in the opposite transept, and to which, even at the early hour of half-past five o'clock, I have to elbow my way. Spruce chamberlains of the Pope, in black velvet dresses and slashed breeches ; brilliant Palatial Guards and picturesque Swiss Guards and dapper shall meet one at every step, looking as fussy and important as may be, They are all, however, very polite and obliging, and I soon found myself seated in a compartment almost wholly occupied by French and Spanish priests. Here I wait patiently, and must detain you too, until the procession begins. About 7 o'clock the extra-privileged people began to enter, but are almost lost in the vast multitude which overflows St. Peter's. There are the Austrian and Spanish, and Portuguese and French, and other Ministers, and the Marquis Lavalette who comes late is well received by his colleagues, who rise to greet him. There are, too, the smaller fry of Consuls, and I see the British uniform among them. Between 20 and 30 are assembled in the diplomatic box, covered with gold and silver, to do honor to the Japanese Martyrs. A flourish of trumpets announces the arrival of Royal personages, and the Bourbon family enter-not as far as I could make out, Francisco, for he has been indisposed of late, but the pretty ex-Queen and her brothers and sisters. If there were other Royal personages I could not distinguish M]"- And now it is time to light up the 15,000 candles, each weighing 4lbs., as I am told. The windows are closely curtained, though a ray of light does now and then you iD' for "She will penetrate into the thickest darkness, and men tied on a small plans are let down from the roof to light the candles round, the architraves and what a dizzy height it is I They look like crows, a samphire gatherers" on the cliffs of Dover, no bigger than your head, and they are drawn up and down several hundred feet above us. One heaves a freer breath as they are hauled up. As for the candelabra and no lower lights, they require a strong head too; and now the great spectacle is prepared. Yet the effect is not brilliant; so far are the proportions of the church that !' "J in comparative darkness, as I a star of the fourth magnitude were glittering faintly. Seen from without the walls had the appearance of wig inlaid with bright mosaics, while the smoke of the candles and of the incense gave the interior the appearance of a vast theatre in a thick London fog. The lighting up was to X a mistake and the less said about it out in the recesses near the tram answers fire engines and Pompieri, for considerable apprehensions of danger were late I and Great precautions were left i' nothing unpleasant happened except showers of wax, which bespattered zany an uniform, and the occasional flaring up of a candle, which one of the samphire "018. to our horror, was always let down to extinguish. But enough of details, for now Church0"81"00 fr0m the Vatican enters the MIA"? are, the «*"»"». of the Hospice of St. mint end of the Orphans, IS orders of some process of the secular clergy and nritUpi18 after Roman College, the parish tZ and Perpetual vicars in their white sales, the canons of the collegiate churches, Billings Minor and the Patriarchal said, the clergy of 18 other churches WA 1,',,,8iSnia' bells' and canopies. ¡A°rfÎ?8ïribul,al follow with the on otfflrfCí-thoSacredRite8^thestandards Panel rÄ Then? come the officers of the Stanley a serious loss and the singers Ki Ave Maria sleW a number? of o ne^erSf8U.coeed these- and then we see UTZ r? of the Basilica of <"<> of now a abbots Patriarchs, arch whiffs wishes weariDS metres of damask vD^B»,^earing mitres of white tie sembla . fly 400 miles were so even smoked, a sight which the world has not in "gain, After these and a number of se L other officers, his Holiness is borne into the church magnificently attired, having two large pans or flags of feathers this side, and holding a wax taper in his left hand while with his right he blesses the multitude. It is impossible to give you an adequate idea of the feeling which his appearance awakened among men who had come from all parts of the world to see the representative of St. Peter, the depositary of the Holy Spirit, the half man, half God, as they regarded him, about whom they had read and talked, and for whom they had prayed since they were children no higher than the knee. "Le Saint Peter Le Saint Peter" exclaimed the French priests; "E Santo Padre i" cried the Italians and Germans, Spaniards, Greeks, Americans, and English-all manifested the same zeal, each in his different tongue. Together with me was an English " pervert," as he is called a name I hate, as if in free Protestant England liberty of conscience was a crime. Educated at Oxford, he had sacrificed every thing for his new faith rank, family, fortune -and touching it was to see the deep feeling which the sight of the Holy Father awakened. Looking over the sea of heads which intervened between me and the procession a great interval-all were on their knees as Pius IX., the benevolent and the good, for it is only just to say so, was borne up the nave. The singers of the Vatican charged with their unearthly voices " Tu Es Petrus," and the voices, not so much softened as rendered more meagre by the distance, glided like ghosts through the building. At times another body of men charged "Ave Maria Stellafcnna it was thus that the Pope was borne through 50,000 worshippers from every country under the sun to the high altar beyond the tomb of the Apostle, where he descended from his seat, and, after praying, was again carried forwards to the throne at the upper end of the nave. Here the prelates did homage, Cardinals kissing the Papal hands, patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops the knee, while mitred abbots and a few others, among whom is named the Archi- mandate of Messina, " if he be there," adds the directions, the foot. This scene it was impossible to witness, for, besides that my lorgnette is not Irish and does not look round corners, the great distance that intervened put it beyond all ordinary vision. And now began what I must needs call, according to my own views, but with all respect for those of others, the great imposition of the day. The Cardinal Procurator, approaching the Pope, demands that the heart may be enrolled in the catalogue of the Saints. His Holiness replies that in an affair of so much importance he must have the prayers of the Church for Divine assistance in coming to a decision on a subject, which, by the by, had been decided some centuries before. Then the Papal singers chanted Kyrie Eleison, and the words were taken up and passed from wave to wave of this vast sea, and the Litany of the Saints was sung by thousands and thousands, producing such a body of sound as I had never heard before, and electrifying every one who had the slightest feeling. This terminated, the Cardinal Pro- curator again advanced and renewed his demand for the canonization instanter at instantius. The Pope still hesitates, though some 60,000 or 80,000 crowns have been spent on the ceremony, and begs the fervid prayers of the assembly that he may have the light and the assistance of the Holy Spirit in so important a determination. Prayers were offered, and then the Veni, Creator Spiritus was intoned, and chanted by the vast multitude. So touching are the tones, and so softly yet so mightily they swelled and swelled as they were borne from have to aisle and transept, that the effect was overwhelming, and I found myself clinging hard to my seat and almost suffocated with emo- tion. I left reason at the door, for how could reason assert her dominion in such scenes as these? Archbishop Whately would have burnt his Logic had he been here, and like myself, have submitted himself to that side of feeling which bore me on irresistibly. To return, however, to the great object of the day, this last effort has been successful. The Cardinal makes a third and final application, in the words, instanter, instantius, et instantissime, as if irritated with the Pope or the Holy Spirit; and then his Holiness replies that assisted " by a ray of Divine light he had determined on enrolling the Beats in the catalogue of Saints," and pronounces in a few moments Decernimas. The intelligence is communicated to the world by the firing of cannon from St. Angelo and the ringing all the bells in the city, and the Pope himself, with his fine full voice, intones the Te Deum, in which the vast multitude joins. It was one of the finest things of this ecclesiastical demonstration. It seemed to gurgle over with gratitude and joy did this grand old Ambrosian hymn, so full were the feelings which inspired it and then the members by whom it was chanted, men who had come thousands of miles over sea and land to kneel at the tomb of St. Peter and to assist this grand ceremony, gave it an impressiveness which it perhaps had never had before, and never will have again. Sung at intervals by the clergy and the people, the notes did not float, but rose in an irresistible body as if to force an entrance into the very presence of the Divine Being ; it was the sublimity of prayer and praise and Protestant, steady Protestant though lam, it assured me that in the bosom of every human being, by whatever name he may call himself, there are chords which vibrate to the same touch, and that is opinion divide feeling and sentiment unite the various hosts of God's worshippers. There is little more to be said of the ceremonies of the day. High mass was sung by the Pope, at least he appeared on the altar at the Introitus, and oblations were made to him for the new Saints of doves and small birds and painted wax-lights, arabesques with silver and gold, bearing the effigies of the Saints and the arms of his Holiness. Now let me go outside the door and pick up my reason, and give you not so much impressions as opinions. I have spoken freely, perhaps too freely, in my letters from Rome of what I have seen and heard ; yet my remarks have been intended, not so much for the religion of the people, with whom I have mixed as for its adjuncts, and for what the present demonstration undoubtedly covers. Every man is master of his own opinions and of the free and honest profession of them, a fact which few forget at times so" much as those who should be the first to remember it and act upon it but, when that religion becomes a political machine and is made subservient to worldly objects, then the field is open to the critic. With the greatest possible desire to adopt a cautious and respectful tone in writing of what nestles in the heart of hearts of many millions, still it is impossible to pursue an unvarying line. No place presents such contrasts as Rome, especially at the present moment. Here are mingled together the sublime and the ridiculous; the gorgeous and the paltry; the grand and the little; the beautiful and the tawdry; the devotion which whispers of Heaven, and the political intrigue and ambi- tion which bear the stamp of the earth, earthy. The pen which attempts to touch on all these subjects must needs, at times, at least, be in appearance at variance with it self, while the man who guides it at intervals is laughing or weeping with emotion, scoffing or praying, indignant at humbug and hypocrisy, or borne upwards on the wings of devotion. Looking merely on the surface of the fete which I have been describing, I pronounce it a failure ; the human has been too much mixed up with the divine. in any other place than St. Peter's it would have been a marvellous effect of architectural display, but in that temple not made with hands I was almost going to say it was a desecration to call in the aid of the smith and the carpenter and the children and the tapestry worker. Going a little below the surface the moral effects were grand. Some of those I have already described ; the music of a vast multitude is always imposing, but when that multitude is composed of persons from all the corners of the earth, all bound together by the same opinion and sentiment, and giving expression to them in an edifice which is a miracle of art, and in tones of hallowed sweetness, or of swelling grandeur, tones which are consecrated by antiquity, and still more by the affections and reminiscences of friends and home, then you will agree with me that the moral effects were grand beyond all the power of description. With the religious aspects of thefts have nothing to do. I ask for respect for my own opinions, and cede it to others; but they are very flippant, or very ignorant, who expect by the stroke of a pen, or the distribution of a fact, that they can destroy a religion which is intertwined with the strongest affections of the heart, or that they, or their sons' sons, are destined to see the fall of Church the foundations of which are laid in the accumulated soil of centuries. That the time will come, I feel assured, inasmuch as what I regard to be truth' must triumph over what I regard as error, but means adequate to the end must be employed ; the great human mind must be cultivated, principles must be implanted, and not dogmas; and, above all, a spirit of enlarged toleration must be cherished.' It is with lefts pleasure that I speak of the avowed and the real Objects of this fete. As to the canonization of the Martyrs, I have already attempted to show you that there is room to doubt whether the new saints were martyrs at all. At all events, if they were, the Japanese of the 16th century had greatly the ad ran tage over the Roman Catholics of the 19th century, inasmuch as they permitted Christians to have their churches and their religions establishments, did not molest great numbers of persons who professed the same faith, and sanctioned the attendance of their own confessors at the execution of the martyrs. All this I deduce from a book which has passed the ordeal of the Roman Censor. The affectation of pray- ing for the intervention of the Holy Spirit to assist in forming a decision on what had been decided for many a year was nothing but a solemn humbug; and now for the real objects of the few, which were undoubtedly political. Did not the Bishop of Lille say as much when he declared that they were assembled to carry on the war of God, and when priests and people shouted " Long live the temporal power of the Pope?" On the columns of St. Peter, as I left the Church, I found posted, in manuscript, some wretched verses, which derive importance only from the locality. They alluded to the rebel, the great enemy of Italy, and landed the hero, Pius IX., who had power given to him over Heaven and earth. The Pope must have almost touched them as he was borne in to canonized the martyrs, and similar produc- tions were affixed to the walls in various parts of the city. From an English priest who is behind the scenes I learnt that an address to the Pope, signed by all the bishops, was to be presented by a commission of their order on the following morning that it expressed great sympathy for His Holiness, and urged him to continue in the same line of policy in defence of the right; that it had been read by Cardinal Wiseman, to a few of his friends, and was already translated into English, to be despatched as soon as published, but I must doubt whether His Eminence will give me a copy of it, so that you must put it down to the peculiarity of my position if I do not on the moment send you a copy of it. My informant did not tell me, however, what I believe to have been the case, that there had been a division in the camp, and that the Spanish bishops had in the first instance refused to sign, not, as I understand, from any difference of opinion as to the sentiments expressed in the address, so much as from a little jealousy at the initiative having been taken out of their hands. The difficulty, however, whatever it was, had been got over, and the document was all ready. The Piazza of the Vatican was itself a spectacle as I left, full as it was of a crowd of human souls waiting for the Papal benediction. The heat was intense. The streets leading from the church to the city were comparatively empty ; the Romans absented themselves, as they did from the church, and the demonstration was for the most part foreign. All that I have seen has been foreign, and the only sentiment which has ruled the masses who have been mustered together has been ecclesiastic and Catholic, The Church of Rome has been our world, and beyond its precincts, for all we have seen or heard nothing exists. In the evening every one who could was galloping down to see the last sight of the show, for, with great tact, his Holiness has ordered all the paper and tapestry to be taken down in three days, that his bishops may see St. Peter's. The cupola was to have been illuminated, and the Bridge of St. Angelo, and the river with a line of small boats ; but the current carried away the boats and a thunderstorm put out the lights, and so ended the 8th of June, 1862. DINNERS AND DINNER PARTIES. - The writer calls upon the three million seven hundred and forty-five thousand four hundred and sixty-three housewives of England to put down waste and imposition in their households. The Legislature also may,' he thinks, take out of their hands the task of providing cooks, and add to its forthcoming considerations of the revised code of education some practical discussion upon the possibility of requiring that girls shall be taught to cook. The art of preparing food so that it shall perfectly sustain man's health and strength, and justify the divine wisdom that gave man a taste whereby all food that is wholesome shall be grateful, is certainly an art worthy to be cultivated by a wife on whom alone must depend the comfort of a household. The well-educated mother should be competent to secure for her young children food prepared with all the care and nicely needful to their delicate organization, It is but a stupid degeneration into mock refine- ment that has locked up the neat little muslin apron of the English housewife. In Germany, in Holland, in France and even in Spain, the housewives of the upper classes take pleasure in the performance of their home duties. In their neat clean kitchens they order with educated taste the preparation of delightful little dinners, for the contrivance of which nothing wholesome is wasted, nothing un- wholesome passes into use. " In their model kitchens," says our author, " everything is chemically clean, nothing is neglected or forgotten, economy studied, pretty and delicious dishes are conceived and made from what the English cook throws into her swill tub." Why is there nothing ever given to the middle class school girl of this power to he the true queen of her own future home ? ALL, of us who are worth anything spend our manhood in unlearning the follies, or expiating the mistakes of our youth. A CHINESE I'-O'EiilA!, HEALY-The Salt's Public, of Lyons, says-A soldier of the 10th Regiment of Artillery has brought back from the expedition of China an object of the greatest rarity, being the massive gold seal of the Empress of the Celestial Empire. Upon a square stand or pedestal of gold, of about five inches long, and an inch and a quarter high, reposes a kind of chimera or wagon, also in gold, the body double, and covered with scales, and with a head at each extremity. Each head is furnished with long and slender horns, fairing upon the back. The monster has four feet, armed with claws, which lean upon the stand, on the under side of which is engraved, in all its length and breadth, the seal, in Chinese characters. The two bodies of the chimeras united, and, as it were, soldered together, cause it to resemble somewhat a tortoise. For that reason it was first designated the golden tortoise' of the Celestial Empire." Morning Star, April 16. "Which do you hail from?" queried a Yankee of a traveller. " "Where do you rain from?" "Don't: rain at all," said the as- tonished'Jonathan. "Neither do I hail-so mind your own business !" ' 