\- LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. A* KiiOTiufl Silooi: !-As tho Hon. Minister for Works was lounging in his nfluiiul easy uhair a fen- days since, congratulating himself on his good fortuno in baring a (¡ood berth, mid" knowing how to keon it-his cogitations woro siiddonly' interrupted by tho. Superin- tendent of tho Telegraph Department, who rushed itt willi ¿pen mouth, dilnted eyeballs, and perpendicular ' hair, to'announce u' now und wonderful discovery of the power of electricity. Having " tuleen" wind," tho excited Super, informed tho astounded Minister of t ho marvellous fact that he had just found out that electricity could not only convey mc.inngej, but that tho Accountant had " transmitted" himself and £1,000 on tho " lightning'.* iring," to BOino region unknown. Hon Works having partially recovered from tho ." shook," thus uuddunly communicated, mounted nn electric wiro, - and in tho twinkling of a nobbler, was conveyed to the oflloo whero turo onqugh ho found it quite correct that. Kr Dunstan, the Accountant, had mada an error of judgment ingoing out '.'for ftvo minutes," and forgetting to roliovo the anxiety of his oBlco brethcron by returning. Tho Min- ister also found it quito right that Mr Dunstnn bad for .gotten, in tho hurry of departure,'- to leave bohind him tho trillo abovo mentioned. Information wus kindly cont to Inspector Harrison, who promptly put some of hw best-brod "pointers" on tho scout to smull out tho trustworthy public Borvont. ? As Mr Dunstan's name was ''Walker," iron Works, who loves a .joke next to his salary, apppointcd Mr Phil Wolkor ns tho' locùm ienena. of tho frolicsome fugitive. AB Mr Dunstan (should lio'bo "cotohed") will inevitably be canonized .in-tho Darlinghurst "calendar," ho will bb irinrked ia futuro tolecrauhio almanacs, as "St. .Dunstnn nf I . Sydney S" ' . ? ' \- alcen ADO ABOÜT Noniiso.-A Bfaitland contem- porary tho other day lind n wondorfúl story about u rat . with four legs and one tail, stilting that tho robust nib- bler weighed only ' two ounces* short of two'pounds. . Thcro is nothing very remarkublo about this specimen of nu old houso m. Macquurie-street that lins always boen noted for producing "rotB" of a BÎZO and weight far exceeding that of our contemporary's' " prodigy." Tho ''rats" to which wo rofor aro terribly voracious, and are continually gnawing holes in tho public monoy bag'and otherwise doing sorious damage about tho placo ! .Honan BT Nom.-Tho "little accident"' that1 hap- pened to tho contents of tho Lachlan lîseort carriage, lina naturally produced'much excitement in tho publie mind, pnrtioulnrly amongst thoso whoso remittances hare vanished. ? There appears, howover, some doubt , whether tho affair may not bo regarded as of a gambling nature, for wo aro told that tho gentlemen who took tho trouble tú encumber tliomsolres' with tho precious molal and- tho.rags," wore "fidshirts and caps," and had ilack.tacaa. . If this bo so, 'tho affair may truly bo termed - a very desperate gamo oí rouge et noir, which, to tho ? consternation of tue losers, resulted iii" red" winning tho staked! - ? . -. ÏJU! .llrNO.-Mattara" connected with tho prosent tourney between Morpeth-Davy and Woolhnrn Jock, sro progressing in a satisfactory manner. Doth men aro full of pluck und confldonco, mid codi is certain of carrying oil' tho-laurels. On '1'ucsdny Inst nn application was made by-oito pfJack's Bcconds to liavo . tho fight-decided before. tivelvo ."special" umpires, and ns Davy mad'o no objection tho request wns granted. Wo may mention . that Davy " allowed" at a largo sporting meeting in Pitt . street on Monday, night; presided over by Jemmy Mur- phy. Finding, however, that his reception wag a " leetle too warm," ho- prudently sought the "protection" bf . lu's dormitory 1 . : ; ' "NOTHING'XIKE I/KATHKB."-A curious instnnco of . the clairvoyant powers of a gentleman in this ' city wiis given ut a . banquet-in honour of'an eminent tanner a short _titno Binco. In proposing " tho ghost' of tho. orou . iug," tho, gentleman alluded to, iii a strong" Southern accent, remarked, "Isco boforo mo tho past, tho present, and tho future .Mayor of this city." Thc solemnity of tono in which this singular rovolntion of tho futuro was mada, produced a .deep impression on tho 'company who gazed upon each other in silent nmnzeiiicnt. At the noxt civic, elections .wa: may- expect, thu appearance of a candidato w'ho will be ablo to tan tho hide of ah oppo . vant secundum artem ! '" " , Oun SÜI-V-DJÍFEN-CKS.-"Wo aro glad to perecivù thut dur old and popular ¡rienda, Messrs " Tom and Jorry," intend to bring tho defeneo question prominently beforo tho publio at the Victoria Theatre this evening, and that in order to give full : effect to its importance they have ; engaged tho " scientific" services of Professor Sullivan, who will deliver a rattling lecture on tho ¡'noble art." The Professor will illustrate his discourse' by several striking "upper cuts" on tho " pimple" of an Amateur, who lins kindly volunteered the usn ol it for tho occasion. Ai our gallant citizen soldiers aro of course deeply in- terested in tho question of self-defence, wo would strongly advise them to attend Professor Sullivan's drill,'and witness tho tactics of war exemplified with scient iilo ac- curacy in tho "set-to," which will afford a vivid repre- sentation, of tho "merry mili'.' between tho Merrimac and Monitor! A aoLKitN TnUTir.- It in most singular.in wlint un expected piners, and in what unlikely company " thu truth will out." A remarkable instnnco of. this occurred in tho Ifouso on Thursday night, when Mr Ugan, in his most solemn and impressive tones exclaimed-"God. help tho country if it hus to dopend upon tho legislation of this House." ' Tho effect of this indisputable truth was most remarkable. Hon gentlemen seemed com- pletely conscience striken, and guzud in silent awe upon tho prophet of lulen, unablo for somo minutes to get up the clumsy imitation of " laughter" with which they, «ought to hide this truth. , ' A Tlii.vo Muon JJEEDKD.-As tho poor old colony has tacoma very slinky mid infirm, n fow philanlhorptcgentlo inon aro humanely indenvouring to got some " proteo ¡ lion" for tho old lady in hor distress. According to: llieso good samaritans every body , and every thing needs "protection." Perhaps so-but there is some thing certainly that does require it.- Recent events in thoi Orange market provo that wo ronlly aro in want of pro- | hclhri for native ¿old ! - j 