[[Overland Mail, November l&J; The metropolitan borough of Finsbary is at this moment in a state of considerable excitement, owing to tbe death of one of its members, M? Thomas Slingsby Dun combe, better known as Tom Duncombe, who died a few days ago at Lancing in Sussex. Mr Duncombe was a remarkable man in his way. He was a dandy, a roue — perhaps somewhat Sybaritish and Epicurean in his habits — but he bad a good deal of English pluck, and his political sympathies were, or were supposed to be, with the unwashed, unsavoury many, rather than with the perfumed few. That he should have represented this metropolitan borough ever sinca its first enfranchisement is a proof of his popularity. There is now, of course, much talk about his successor. Deputations have waited on the Lord Mayor, requesting him 'o mHotst Idinsplf to be pu* in nomin«Hooj tu* h-? has hitherto peremptorily refused to stand, alleging that only tbe temptation of the great city, of winch he was the Chief Magistrate, induced him to resign the representation of Andover, and that, therefore, he was de* termined not to accept other invitations. Sir John Bo wring has been talked of, and other names have been mentioned — such as those of Mr Montagu Chambers, Alderman Cbailis, Mr Cox, &c;, all of them being Liberal names. Conservative reaction, we suspect, would not have the ghost of a chance in Finsbury. France— Financial Reform — To en able him to earry out with success his great reformation, the Emperor has entrusted the portfolio of Finance to M. Fould, whose report on the present financial con dition of the Empire has been the basis on which the new edifice has been erected. This report has been published iu the Moniteur, and has excited considerable at tention in all parts of Europe. It is dis tinguished by a remarkable amount of frankness, and if it does not satisfy our English conceptions of the manner in which national finances should be dealt with, it at all events strides prodigiously in advance of what have hitherto been recognised opinions in France. Sot there is one par ticular passage in the report to which general attention has been directed, on account of its bearing upon the foreign relations of the Empire; and to which, therefore, we would invite the special notice of our readers. 'With regard to foreign nations,' says M. Fould, 'if the faculty of disposing at any moment, and without any intervention, of the resources of a great nation is a power, it is likewise a danger. The fear that it inspires in our neighbours compels them to create immense armaments. They are not reassured until they have collected forces superior to those by which they believe themselves menaced and which are exaggerated by their uneasiness. This fear is, perhaps, at this moment the only tie that binds together in one common sen timent the population of Europe whose interests and institutions would otherwise tend to separation. There is no calumny, however absurd, which is not accepted; no sinister project which does not find belief among them.' The unreserved acceptance of all this by the Emperor is said to* indi cate a clear conviction on his part that France can be rescued from her present troubles only by the maintenance of a pacific policy. It is certain, at all events, that eo long as there is due legislative control over the public expenditure, immense military preparations cannot be suddenly made. ' If the authority of the Legislature,' saj's a writer in this morning's Times, signing himself '? Senex,' which we believe repre sents the comparative of that adjective, ' be extended over the entire expenditure of the State, Europe cannot again be surprised by a campaign actively prepared and prosecuted by extraordinary resources, whilst the military estimates of the year are still profesedly framed on a peace establishment. Hence these great questions of peace and war, of enterprises and armaments, would cease to be determined with the mystery of conspirators. They must be discussed in the face of day before the necessary resources can be obtained; and this liberty of discussion affords to Europe the most solid and tangible pledge of her future security.' There is some thing hopeful and encouraging in this. Perhaps, after all, we shall not go on for ever playing at this miserable game of ** Beggar my neighbour.' Neither from Poland nor from Hungary is there any news of special importance; hut the aspect of affairs in both countries still excites the gravest and most painful interest. A telegram this morning an nounces that, owing to the disregard paid to the martial law that had been proclaimed, and the insults put upon the soldiery, Warsaw will, in all probability, soon be formally declared in a state of siege. X ? Overland Mail,* November 26.3 There have been some public meetings during the week, at which Lord Stanley, Mr Gladstone, AI r Layard, and other men of note have addressed popular assemblies. The first-named young statesman spoke ably and earnestly de omnibus rebus. The American question was, of course, among the leading subjects of the oration which he addressed to his constituents at King's Lynn. He said that there was very tittle to be gained by the Northern States, even if they were victorious, and that, even after disruption they would constitute a very great and powerful nation. As to the much-talked-of Conservative reaction, he said that the thing, doubtless, existed, but that the words very imperfectly represented the thing. In this country, he said, there is no such thing as reaction. No one wishes to go back. Changes once intro duced are looked upon as fails accompHs, not to be reversed. If a Conservative noliev is on the ascendant;, it ia nnt Ku«-m.-i there is any tendency to reverse . past changes, but to resist new ones inconsider ately projected. Still he declared himself in favour of the abolition of church-rates, the style in which he spoke of this matter presented a strong contrast to the language of Mr Disraeli, the other day, at Ayles bury. Indeed, it is very apparent that there is a general want of harmony of opinion among the leaders of the Con servative party. It will not be very long before we find Lord Stanley taking his place at the council table beside some of the chiefs of the so-called ' Liberal party.' Lord Stanley did not say much about India, but Mr Layard made it one of the great points of the speech which head dressed to the electors of Southwark. What he said was entirely in tbe right strain; but we think that in one important respect it halted rather in its logic. He spoke of the three important bills which last year Sir Charles Wood carried through Parliament. He rejoiced in the measure for throwing open the Civil Service of the country — but wby? Because it will have the effect of opening the Civil Service of the country to the natives of India. We very much doubt this. Theoretically the Civil Service was open to the natives of India before tha passing of the bill; practically, we -*re afraid, it w:Jl be closed against them stili. As far as actual results are concerned, the Indian services have been 6hut against the natives of India more closely than they were in the old days of the East India Company. Mr Layard spoke out unreservedly on the subject of the general treatment of the natives of the country by English gentlemen who ought to know, or rather to do, better. We are bound to regard him as an unprejudiced witness on this point. Mr Russell, Mr Bayard Taylor, and other travellers, who went out to India with no foregone con clusions, and who had no theories to support, brought back the same stories. Men who have gone out as boys, and graduated in the service, get familiarized to what has a strange appearance in the eyes of those who are suddenly transplanted in adult life from the West to the East, and see in the latter what they have never seen among any free people in the former. This, it may be said, is an argument against that graduation in the Indian service which is held to be so great an advantage in itself, and to a certain extent it may be. Mr Layard said truly that the natives of India have few advocates in this country, especially in the House of Commons; whilst the European settler?, connected as they often are, with powerful commercial interests, seldom want advocates to support them. He spoke, too, on the difficulty of complying, on any large scale, with the European demand for allotments of land in India — alleging that we have no sort of right to interfere with the land-tenures in India, and that much difficulty and danger would result from such interference. The good people of Sonthwark appear to have listened to all this with an amount of attention and interest, which speaks well for their intelligence; and it may be noted that among other questions put to their representative, was one as to why be did not vote with Mr Dunlop on the subject of the mutilation of the Afghan despatches. It does not appear to be very easy to fill up the place in the representation of Finsbury, occasioned by the death of Mr Duncombe. Many men of very different kinds, from Mr Charles Dickens to the Lord Mayor, have been talked of; but the only real candidate yet in the field appears 10 be Mr Shsigb, a barrister of some eminence, a fluent speaker, and, we believe, generally an able man. 