A DAY At DAYLESFORD. (from a correspondent.) In former days, m fact, in days not so very remote, it was customary for travelers; before starting from any part of England on a journey to London, to make their Wills and settle all their worldly affairs in such wise, that in case of: fatal consequences, the disposition of their substance might be provided for. Whether those whose ill-luck it is to be compelled to travel the road between Castlemaine aud Daylesford, or D'aylesford and other parts, are equally prudent, is impossible to say, but that the necessity exists I can bear personal testimony. It has been my fortune at various times to traverse all parts of the colony, the Mount Franklyn district excepted, and I unhesitatingly say. that the worst and most dangerous track, for road there is none, is that existing between Castlemaine and Jim Crow. The country is magnificent, and the richness of the soil is made painfully apparent to wayfarers by its greasy and boggy condition. As a rule it is a rich black loam, which delights the heart of the farmer, and on which almost any crop under Heaven would grow luxuriantly. Till Yandoit is reached the, road is tolerable, but after leaving that place, the delights of the journey especially commence, bogs,- sidlings, and other travelling comforts having to be encountered in rapid succession.. After leaving Franklinford, however, the worst part is attained, and between that place and Daylesford the journey is merely a succession of escapes from neck-breaking. The scenery is eminently grand, but the mental condition of those who submit themselves to Cobb's or any coach, is hardly favorable to its contemplation. Precipitous heights rise on every side, almost sheer straight for hundreds of feet,- pierced in some places with innumerable tunnels, though in several instances it appears marvelous that the miners could ever have effected a lodgement to commence operations. The road in the meanwhile screws its way between, but occasionally it has been found necessary to surmount the hill's. To go straiight over is an impossibility, and shelves or ledges have been cut out of the sides of. the hills along which the screwing process is repeated, till the top is reached, and a similar mode of descent adopted. These cuttings are in exerable condition, and are metaled in many places with young rocks, varying in size from a pint pot to a bucket. , The view from them is magnificent, but the fact that a swerve on the part of the horses, or want of skill on the part of your. Jehu, will send you down a precipice of say three hundred feet, and consequently unpleasantly hasten, your passage into the next world, prevents calm enjoyment of the beauties of nature. One of these places, termed very appropriately "Breakneck,," has been recently greatly improved by the Road Board, but where the cutting has been made, the road is at least a foot deep in mud; The manner in which coaches keep their feet, if I may use the expression, is something miraculous, for the sidiings in places are tremendous. So alarmed was a Government surveyor who went with us, that he declined the hazard on the return, preferring to take horse and so tide over the road's difficulties. After leaving tho euphonious Breakneck, the road1 is a continuation of ranges ; passing through the Old Race Course township, and that of Spring Creek, we arrive at Daylesford: At Spring Creek our horses,- which by the way were but indifferent animals, and very unlike the class of stock that runs the Melbourne coaches; were completely done up, and one of the, wheelers staggered, fell, and almost immeadiately gave up the ghost. The driver a most excellent one, who had successfully brought us through our perils, took off the harness, put in the leader in the defunct's place, and with characteristic promptitude proceeded on his way. The last part of the road is an unbroken sea of mud, varying in depth from one foot to three, with occasional hog holes deep enough to bury the coach and its load bodily. Part of the "main road" just on entering the township, is fairly impassable, so much so, indeed, that it is abandoned, and a road is made ; through a private paddook, where the mud is of the comparatively trifling depth of eighteen inches or so on reaching Daylesford a sight is presented in the mud way that I should imagine was never equalled. Down Vincent-street, which is the main street, a thin belt of metal has been laid down, and as long as man or horse keeps to that there is comparative safety, but on each side there is a slough, without the least exaggeration, two feet deep in places; The consequence has been that crossing, except at places where publicans or other enterprising trades men have laid down cartloads of rocks, is impossible, and the disasters that befall rash pedestrians are innumerable. The Daylesfordians, however, do not appear to object to this state of things; they are veritable mudlarks, and rather seem to regard their condition with satisfaction than otherwise. This, perhaps, arises from the fact that mud means money, for the same rain that brought the streets to such a state has set hunderds of miners to work. In the aforesaid Vincent-street property has suddenly become extraordinarily valuable ; in the first place, because there is a regular rush on the part of tradesmen to secure sites for new establishments, and in the second place, because it has been proved that one or more rich leads of gold run right through the township, one of which intersects Vincent -street at right angles, and passes through the hill where the various religious bodies have chiefly selected their reserves. The town itself, I omitted to say, is built partially in the hollow of, and partly on, some ranges, and is one of the most picturesque in the colony. Reverting to mining in the township, I may say that in one or two cases, people positively have puddling machines and horse whims in their back yards, the general arrangement being that the owners of the land take a certain royalty or pecenitages on the gold got, and the miners do all the necessary work. In no case does there appear to have been any extortion on the one hand or discontent on the other, and when all parties to an arrangement arc satisfied, we may presume that it is an equitable one. The churches, by the way, have not been slow to avail themselves of the good fortune that led them to select auriferous ground as reserves, and as piously exact toil from the miners working under their ground as the most high church tithe collector in the old country. The trustees of the Church of England are advertising for miners to sink on terms, but their Catholic brethren have been beforehand with them, and for several months Finnigan and party, well known in Castlemaine as having hold a road claim in Forsst-street, have been at work on Catholic. ground. Whether the blessings of the church have had the effect or not is impossible to say, but one thing is certain, that the speculation has proved wonderfully profitable to all parties. The church gets a seventh, I understand, of all the gold, the diggers taking the balance, and I am almost afraid to mention the handsome religious pickings that have been made. Whether the other denominations .have struck gold in like manner I do not know.-. I find that my gossip has extended to such a length that I am compelled to postpone further notice of the habits and customs, as well as any remarks on the resources of the Daylesford district, till your next issue, 