A *«ÄSBBHFÄf J"*/ The" Capt. Monthly published on the- 15th May, contains a narrative of the, recent occurrences at the Zambezi, . Ah'^aóóp^nt of the vicissitudes of the Gorgon's boat expedition up the river is evidently from the pen of one of the officers of Her Majesty's steamer and will render our readers fully au courant with the progress of affairs : Leaving the island of Johanna on the 15th of January, 1862, under! orders to proceed to the Cape, we steered for Mozambique, which we reached on the 19th, and commenced coal- ing and provisioning. . While so employed a brig hove in sight ; she showed no colours, and her odd manoeuvres created the suspicion that she was a slaver. She, however, stood in towards us ; she proved to be the Hetty Ellen, of Newport (laden with the sections of a small iron steamer for Dr. Livingstone, and carrying as passengers Mrs. Burrup, Miss Mackenzie, the Rev. Mr. Hawkins, and others, who were proceeding to join the mission station, at Mago mero, situated on the right bank of the Shire River, near Chibnall The first lady's husband had taken a passage for Johanna with us some months before, and Miss Mackenzie's brother, who is the Bishop in charge, had preceded her by some months also Mrs. Livingstone was likewise on board, going to join her husband in the Zambezi. The moment we ascertained this we sent for the ladies, etc., and entertained them as best as we could. They were much pleased to find themselves amongst us. They had been nearly two months pent up in that dirty little brig. The account they gave of their passage from Natal made us pity them very much ; they had no fresh provisions, and for some time had been reduced to salt meat and biscuits, with bad water, which often was so stinking that they could not touch it. Poor Miss Mackenzie's quiet remarks amused me very much when she innocently said," I thought I liked salt meat, but I got quite tired of it it took the skin off the roof of my mouth." On the 22nd, we left for Quillimaue, with the brig in tow. Before leaving, the ladies landed, and were very civilly treated by the Governor, who sent his aide-de-camp to meet them on landing, with sedan chairs. They were delighted with all they saw, and resembled school girls let out for the holidays. Reached Quilli mane on the 26th, anchored a long way off the shore, The bar here is the heaviest and most dangerous along the coast ; the sea was break- ing right across it most wickedly. As we were desirous of obtaining intelligence of Dr. Livingstone, we determined to go over, and a party was made up of four officers besides myself in two boat?. Then we left the ship we entertained ominous visions of upsetting on the bar. About an hour after leaving the ship we began to feel symptoms of being close to the bar. Our nerves were soon put to the test by finding ourselves in the midst of huge breakers. They were very formidable and ugly to look at, as they came roaring and breaking towards you. It was quite a sight to see each boat rising alternately high above the other on the crest of the waves. We got over all right, and then had to look into the brandy bottle to keep ourselves up to meet the hippopotami. Fifteen miles from the entrance brought us to the town, where we met with every attention from the Governor and others. Here we heard that Dr. Livingstone was making his way down the Zambezi, and trying to get to the mouth of the Kong one. We were glad to learn this, for it settled our future movements. I had some sport with the hippopotami. Instead of finding them stupid and clumsy, they proved quite the contrary, being both active and lavish ; the huge brutes would come up snorting above water, and gambol like young deer. One I struck with a mine ball, jumped clean out of the water, and plunged in head over heels with a prodigious splash. They are very wary after being fired at. If killed they sink at once to the bottom in about six hours they rise and float down the stream, when they are secured, and the teeth, which are the most valuable ivory, are extracted. On returning to the ship, we found the bar more tranquil. Left the next day for the Kong one. When off the Illabo mouth of the Zambezi, we perceived a small steamer inside the bar; she proved to be Dr. Livingstone's, the Pioneer. Captain Wilson communicated that evening, but nearly lost his life, and that of the crew-for his gig was swamped in going over. The Doctor came out with his little steamer the following morning, when a happy meeting took place between himself and his care sposa. Dr. Livingstone, Mrs. Livingstone, and other members - consisting of Kirk, Dr. Muller, and Charles Livingstone came on board of us. From them we heard of Bishop Mackenzie and his party. They report them as in rather an awkward position, having had rows with the natives roundabout;' they had even come to fighting. Livingstone was most anxious to get his steamer put together as soon as possible, and get her up to the Murchison Falls before the river subsided. In consequence of his representations and request for assistance, Captain Wilson made up his mind to remain and help him and also to conduct the mission party to their destination across a part of the country said to be hostile to them. A party of fifty men and officers was told off, armed, and provisioned for a month. I was one, and was delighted at the opportunity of getting a peep at the interior. When all was ready, we embarked in the Pioneer, and entered the Zambezi at the Kong one mouth, with the brig in tow, and anchored a little way inside e, remained there six days unloading the brig of the steamer's sections and the mission goods. The sections of the Lady Nyassa, which is to be the steamer's name, were put into the Pioneer. They took up every atom of space, and reached half way up the masts, which immersed the vessel so much, that she was hardly able to steam when required. We put all the mission goods under tents before leaving : but a quantity had to be disposed of to prevent o to the loss. Once laden with as much as it was safe to cram in, we started with our two paddle-box boats in tow, to try and reach the Falls. On our way, passed and stopped at several villages to purchase fowls and such things. The natives came down in crowds to the banks, and saluted us as we passed by - clapping their hands together three times, producing a hollow sound which I in vain tried to imitate; they were more civil than most others I had fallen in with Money in this part of the world is of no value; the current coin is cotton cloth, which is more prized. It takes some time to make one's self acquainted with its value ; all is bar- ter. A fowl is given for about eight inches, a goat for six feet, eggs about six inches a dozen, and so on. I found it very amusing work, and often, for the more fun would squabble a few minutes for an increase of about the eighth of an inch in the measurement. A fathom they measured by stretching the arms. At one place I was done, for they brought down a man with the longest arms I ever saw, and would only harbor by his standard ; he stretched nearly half a yard more than I could. I was obliged to give in. The river is very shallow in many parts, with strong current; this renders the navigation very difficult as. we struck several times. Once a pipe burst in the engine room, which soon filled every part of the ship with steam. Stokers went down to try and repair damages, and had to be pumped on continually with, cold water; no one could stay down more than" a minute at a? time.,, When repaired, on of 1 .pended.-Wewere not more than ninety miles, in Wood ys so: s<»rcealc»gr the banks that it WM impossible to procure more of than sufficed for an hour or two's consumption: I, therefore,; volunteered to push ahead in a whale-boat, and get natives to cut down-wood some miles up and send it down in canoes. I accordingly started with Dunkirk, of the Pioneer. After much labour. we reached a place called Mezarro,, where a half-caste Portuguese resides named Paul Mariano. I walked up to his house from the landing-place ; the heat was so intense while passing through the long grass that it was all I could do to keep from fainting. When I reached the house I saved myself by pouring cold water on my head, he gave as a hearty well corney and furnished my boat's crew with pro visions. From this I went on to Mozzaro, a little further up, and was met by the owner and only resident, except slaves, a Signor Vienna, a Portuguese. Here I got wood and' sent it down to the ship, I had an opportunity of witnessing a bona- fide native dance at the next place I stopped at. About a hundred natives were collected together, standing or sitting in a semicircle, about a dozen beating tom-toms, some playing on a kind of clarionet which sent forth a sound much like the bag- pipes, others clapping their hands and singing, i while up would start a couple of men dressed in wild beast skins and every device that could make them hideous. These would go through extraordinary manoeuvres ; others would imitate an engagement with bows and arrows, advancing retreating, and dodging imaginary implements thrown at them. They would now and then rush up to 3s most fiercely, and try to make us start or show some symptoms of surprise or fear, but we were not to be bamboozled. While this was going on, a tiger came out of the jungle close to us, and walked off with a good large pig. The row, poor pores made, made one inclined to rush to his rescue ; but it was too dark to afford him assistance, so he had to be left to his fate. I went on from this to Chnpanga, about ten miles off. After collecting wood enough to bring the ship up so far I retraced my steps, but had not gone more than fifteen miles, when I met the gig, containing Captain Wilson, Dr. Ramsay, Mrs. Burrup, and Miss Mackenzie. " Come along, old fellow," shouted Captain Wilson, " I'm off to the mission station with the ladies ; the Pioneer can't get any farther. I have ten days' provision for both boats. lam told we shall reach it in four. I doubted very much, and I was right, as the sequel will show. I turned my boat's head round and followed. Our first night was spent in the boats ; the ladies looked pretty fresh the next morning. Ibid forebodings of discomfort, for none of my crew had a change of clothing. I had but another shirt and trousers. But there was nothing for it but to put on a good face, and take things as easy as they came. We got up early the next day to Chuparga, where we landed, and pitched a tent under the shade of some mango trees, made breakfast, and prepared to enjoy siesta preparatory to making a fresh start, when we were visited by a Kaffir chief, accompanied by about twenty of his followers. They were a wild- looking set of fellows, wearing skins round their loins, and feather ornaments on their heads; besides gewgaws, each carried the well known assegi and knob kerrie. They seated themselves at once opposite to us in a semi-circle and appeared much amused at our civilization. Miss Mackenzie spoke a little Zulu, so that we got on very well with them. They were shown many things of European manufacture, such as watclics,"la^ses, com- passes, etc., which they wondered at, but nothing caused them so much astonishment as the ladies hair. Seeing them scrutinizing it very closely, but not intensively we got one of the ladies to let her hair down for their inspection when they at once set up a whoop and kept calling out haw haw We tested their skill in throwing their spears by firing up a piece of meat against a tree. I was much dissapointed with their practice ; it was anything but what I expected. Though only twenty or thirty yards off, not one of them could hit it the headsman went the nearest and was awarded the mutton. We tied pieces of ribbon r jund their necks and arms which pleased them exceedingly, and off they marched in single file headed by their chief, who had been garnished with one of our waistcoats. They are a fine set of fellows, much superior to the natives around them, whom they keep in good order. They lay claim to the land on their side of the river, and levy a rather a heavy tribute from the natives and others who reside there, never failing to come in for their " little bill the moment they are due. If the tribute be not forthcoming, they do not hesitate to walk off with fowls, cattle, or anything else they can by their hands on and not unfrsquentlykidnapthopeoplethemselves. They stand very little nonsense. The same afternoon we left this place and pushed for the Shire, a river branching off from the Zambezi about one hundred and twenty to one hundred and thirty miles from its mouth. We had great work tested against the current ; a heavy squall of wind and rain helped us up, and wet us through for the night. Here commenced " the winter of our discontent all hands soaking: consequently a most uncomfortable night was passed. No amount of pipes could alter the aspect of affairs. To the male part it mattered little, we were all pretty well seasoned. But the ladies were by no means to be envied. Not withstanding daylight found them cheerful; they were beginning to get used to the hard boards of the boat. I managed to shoot some fine black geese and a splendid fish eagle, measuring seven feet from tip to tip of wings, of a black and white body, chocolate coloured under the wings. This was the first of the kind I had ever Been. Had I had the means I would have preserved it. Before us marshes extended for nearly thirty miles, covering? the entire flat space between the high hill of Morambala and the opposite mountains which separate the Shire from the Zambezi. The scenery, which hitherto had been tame and uninteresting, became from this very fine. The « hole feature of the country was altered. Some fine mountains I saw, having perfectly perpendicular faces' of two and three thousand feet deep. One night we took a wrong passage and found ourselves in the cul de sac of a large lagoon. After fruitless attempts in the dark to extricate ourselves, we anchored, where we flattered ourselves the mosquitos would not molest us, but M'o had not been there very long when they swarmed off in myriads. I never saw anything like it. You plastered them on your face every time you put your hands up, which was a very moment, and caught them by handful s. Our men were nearly driven mud, and suffered tortures. We had great difficulty to prevent them jumping overboard. Sleep was totally out of the question; their noise resembled fifty hives of bees let loose in a close room. When day light broke, and they left us, every one was like a plum pudding in the face. Mrs. Burrup was hardly recognisable. I suffered least of all. Along those marshes no natives were to be seen, and it was not till we cleared then that villages carne gradually in sight. It was a hard job to got the natives down, for they were the most timid race I had yet seen. I they were very shy, and ran away as the boats touched the banks. It was only after hanging on for a while and showing ourselves that they would venture near. They then approached by pain till a number collected, armed with bows and arrows, spears, and knives ; they were a fine race and quite dandies with regard to their hair ; every one had his own fashion, tying it up in small knots all over, bringing it up like a cock's comb, planting in grass and trash of all sorts. The various modes would be too numeral -onj^to_enumerate,_. _Iao_women adopt the ugly - practice.! of splitting her supper lin ST Siniertmg a piece of 'bone, ivor j, or. metal, james times,' as large round as a penny, arid extending, thelipsfortwoorthr^-nehes at right-angles to the mouth-a most unbecoming ornament, which quite disfigures somewhat might otherwise be called good- looking. We had to endure the torment of another mosquito worry. That and the long confine- ment in the boat began to tell very much on Miss Mackenzie, who has been a long while an invalid. She became so weak that I despaired of her. reaching the journey's end. On the 28th we managed to reach the junction of the Rua River, where we were led to believe we should meet both the Bishop and Mr. Burrup ready to receive the ladies; it was their intention to be there in January. We could hear nothing of them all the questioning of the natives was useless; they pretended that no white man had been there, and ignored all knowledge of the existence of the mission station, though only sixty miles off. This was most disheartening, ing to us, for we had taken twelve days instead of four to reach this place. We were out of everything-all our stores were exhausted, and nothing procurable bat fowls and allowances. Not meeting these people, the difficulty of feeding both boats, and the knowledge that the Gorgon had barely one week's provisions on board, even at half allowance, induced Captain Wilson to order me back to collect all the provisions I could, while he pushed up the remain- ing forty miles to deposit the ladies at Chibisa. and communicate across the country with the station. I accordingly went about on the 29th, leaving him with a boat's crew much done up. I had not been long Under weigh when first one, then another, of my crew fell sick, till all followed suit: and the next morning found only the sergeant of marines and myself fit for duty ; all the rest were down in the bottom of the boat with fever. To him alone I had to trust to help me one hundred and fifty miles down the river. Here was a pretty go, and rather a gloomy prospect, because I expected our turn to come' next. I had to nerve myself, and go on, or starve. We took an oar each and tugged away cheerily all day ; our strength would not admit of night work, so that I had to anchor every night. We had much difficulty in keeping the boat clear of the banks and leeds, spite of all our pulling-the eddies were so strong. All my men were in a sad state with fever and dysentery ; my quinine was expended, and not a single item of anything in the shape of comforts or stimulants had I to give them for some days ; our tea, coffee, sugar, spirits, and rice had been used up; we had nothing to depend on for breakfast, dinner, and supper but chickens, and the water they were boiled in, unseasoned by even an onion. I was heartily sick of it. It was very hard to hear them all, groaning day and night, and unable to relieve them in the slightest. At last I got to the entrance of the river and landed at a small Portuguese station, where an officer and about twenty men are stationed, He treated me civilly, and produced a bottle of sherry and some biscuits, both of which I punished more severely than he anticipated, for I felt very weak and done-up, trembling all over as I put my foot on shore for the first time for three weeks. The fare did me a world of good, and I bid him good-bye quite renovated. The day after I fell in with the Pi meer, hard and fast on a sand- bank. I was very thankful, and received a hearty welcome from Dr. Livingstone and all on board ; had my men attended to, and only just in time to save one of them : then pitched into a more hearty breakfast than I had enjoyed for some time. Once the excitement and care off my shoulders, my turn came, and the fever knocked me down. Thanks to the exertions of my kind friends the Medicos, and the unremitting attention of all on board, I was all right again in four or five days. The fever does not last very long, and is pretty readily cured if taken in time ; but is sharp and penetrating while it exists. I continued very weak some time after. As soon as I felt myself able, I left my invalids on board, and took a canoe down the river, to a place where I knew I could get provisions for the ship. The gig returned on the 15th, bringing the ladies back, and the melancholy intelligence of the death of both the Bishop and Mr. Burrup (the brother and husband The state of these unfortunate women can be more readily imagin- ed than described. It reads like a tragedy to me; those were the only two who had any relations going to join them in their new homes, and they were the only two cut off, the strongest and healthiest of the lot. The death of the bishop was known to those natives we questioned at the Rua, but they were afraid to tell us The night we stayed there we anchored, as usual, in midstream, which brought us to with- in one hundred yards of where the poor bishop lay buried. It is well his sister did not know it thou. After leaving me, Captain Wilson went on to Chibisa, about seven miles below the Murchison Falls, and the nearest spot to the mission station. There he left the ladies in charge of the doctor, and tried to get overland with Dr. Kirk, of the Pioneer, and four men, but when within two days' march of the place, he was attacked with fever, which nearly carried him off. He was so far gone that Dr. Kirk was looking out for a place to bury him in. Kirk himself went down also, and both had to be taken back to Chibisa ; a messenger went on to the station and some of the gentlemen came down. They reported that the Bishop and Burrup had gone to the Rua in January, and that on their way their canoe was upset, when they lost all their medicines, clothes, &c.; They had to remain all night in their wet clothes, which brought on fever. The Bishop died, and was buried in a cane broke under a large tree by Burrup, when the latter returned very ill, and had to be carried across country. Four days after he died also. The blow is a sad one to these poor women, who had gone through so much to get to them. All their hopes and gaiety they had been supported by, dashed at once to the ground ! Such a trying disappointment was hard, indeed, to bear and not one of us but had a tear in the eye as we looked upon them in their distress. The Zambezi, so far is very tame , nothing but banks of long rank grass, with, here and there a solitary palm rising its head like a ghost ; but the Shire is very different, with good scenes all through. We found the marshes full of elephants aud'hippopotami. Many shots were fired, and s uno legs of the former broken, but owing to the nature of the ground and our limited time they could not be followed. In some parts of the river the hippopotami are very dangerous, and often capsize large cargoes. I was one night chased by a huge by 1 he came roaring after me. Fortunately I had a fine breeze and went too fast; the gig was coming up after the ; he made for help, dived with the intention of rising under her and smashing her with his foot as is the playful custom of these gentlemen. but she was going along too fast and he rose about six feet astern of her. I was fortunate with water-buck, and knocked over nearly a dozen. I was astonished at the tenacity of life in these animals; I have seen a buck walk off after I had struck him in the shoulder with a Jacob's shall ; I saw it burst inside of him,- the same with another, and the smoke issuing out of him by puffs as he bolted away like a locomotive engine. We now made our way down the Zambezi, all most anxious to get on board the old Gorgon once more. The Pioneer had discharged the Lady Nayass as she could go no further, so that we went on without her. To our surprise, on reaching the Kong one month found one of our a book there, assist the ship had been obliged to put ditto sea, is a heavy gale. From day to ] day we watched most anxiously for her return. Three ' weeks elapsed , and at last she showed herself as there was a ory of joy from' all; we were ill and literally done' up. Lost little time in rejoining her, and found she had been in a hurricane and had suffered considerable damage. She, had run so short of provisions during our absence that the men were on less than half allowance of everything. Fever set in amongst them ; the medicines were all expended ; many became delirious. At times those who remained sane kept calling out for medicine, quinine, anything to relieve them ; but she was run out of everything. The assistant surgeon was driven to his wits ends, and by way of purgatives, was having recourse to salt water, of which there was plenty alongside While waiting for the ship, a coasting vessel anchored outside the bar. We despatched an officer to board her, thinking she might be a slaver. On returning, his boat was upset on the bar, No one was lost, but all hands were in the bottom of the boat for three hours, exposed to a scorching sun, with no clothes on, This sums up a chapter of contretemps which I have no wish to see repeated. We are now returning to the Cape, where the cold weather at this season will recruit us. I have suffered as much as any one, if not more ; my arm has been in a sling for a month-my legs should be there also ; but they are getting well again, though I am now writing with one on a chair. I am able to write at all events, which is a good thing, though my finger will be a stiff one for some time. 