The Burnett. Tfroh our a ayhi- ah correspondent.] On Monday last, Mr. C. R. Haly, one of tbe members for this district, addressed the electors at the Gayndah Hotel ; Mr. John Connolly in' the Chair. 'After a few introductory remarks by the chairman, Mr. Haly came forward, and com jmenced by stating that it gave him great plea sure to meet the electors again, and to rendei an accoun tof his Parliamentry career during the past Session. Since be last had the honour ofl addressing them, he had been greatly abused by a writer styling himseff ' The Ghost, of Ban Ban ' and also by tbe Editor of the Burnett Argus. He for one could not understand how such an amount of abuse could be hurled upon him, knowing that he possessed the. confidence of the electors and the approbation of the honorable the Speaker, who had so many opportunities of judging of the usefulness of members. Being aware of these facts, he felt assured that the manifold statements and ab surd charges which has been made would not bear the light of truth. As for the 'Ghost of Ban Ban ' accusing him of injuring the district, and so forth, it must be apparent to every un prejudiced person who took tbe trouble to ex amine his career since he had tbe honour of representing the district in tbe House, tbat such accusations could only come from a mind in a state of fog. The hon. gentleman then read extracts from the letters of the ' Ghost of Ban Ban,' and commented ratlier severely upon the same, particularly upon some remark* resnectine bis motion concerninc unreDorted tenders and in that instance at least showedH that he had been misrepresented by the Courier, H which, however that paper corrected on thel following day. The hon. gentleman further! read a portion of a leader that appeared in thefl Burnett Argus of 9th September last, and suc-B cessfully defended himself from its gravest charges. In reference to the district Courts Bill, Mr. Haly said that the judicial fieport was thrown out because of one of its clauses which recommended the appointment of three judges, the chief to be appointed by the Home Government. 'J he evidence of several gentle men, particularly that of Mr. Lillejf made it incumbent on tbe Committee to friune such a clause, — as parliamentary usages hafi to be ob served, and a committee have only jo state the general opinion of the witnesses before tbem. Hud that report been favourably isceived, the country would have had cheap law but on ac count of tbat one clause the report was thrown ,,.if fcnn mintlnman hers i ,.n.4 limalv from the above-named report, remarking after wards that the evidence proved that! District Courts Were very expensive, and their introduc tion would be an injustice to tbe colony at lnrge. Until more favourable evidence/could be produced, he (Mr. Haly) would alwnys vote against their introduction. Mr. Haly then rapidly glanced at the various benefits be bad been the means of conferring upon tie district ; ana how eight or nine years ago, be had tried to serve the district. Though living So far away from Gayndah, and regretting that he had not taking up a run nearer to the tow i, he had always advocated the interest of tip district. As an illustration he adduced Nanando, how it had increased in buildings and population through his efforts, which bad been commenced even before separation. / In answer to questions from Dr. Thjmjas, Mr. Haly said that he was in favour of the two thirds clause, as he believed there was nothing so dangerous as nasty legislation, tie votea against the electric telegraph to the north, because in the present condition of the roads of the colony so large an expenditure was inad visable. Were the sum of moneyiintended for tbat purpose proposed to be spent upon the roads, or even a larger sunt, it would have his hearty concurrence. He was in favour of bridg ing even tbe smallest creek, hut not at such a rate of expenditure as the present biidges re quired. The bridges they wanted -{ught not to cost more than £7 10s. per yard: The hon'. gentleman then exhibited a model bridge in illustration of his system of construction, which would not cost more than the figure he had named. In reply to further questions Mr.,Haly said he voted for the first reading of the Meters and Servants Bill, but ou accouut of family matters was unable to be in the House during - its pass ing through the variouB stages, though he would have voted for all the clauses with the exception of two. For the same reasou he had not atten tively studied the ' Gagging Act' but he would certainly have amended that clause whi^taAcire so stringently upon the press. He votecrSSOOO a-ycar for Judge Lutwyche. During tbe course of his speech Mr. Haly was frequently interrupted, but at the close the disorder reached a climax. The only thing I was able, to catch was tbe proposing a vote ?)f censure by Dr. Thomas, seconded by Mr. Mackay and passed. However in justice to Mr. Haly I am compelled to state that the vote of censure Was so far as 1 am able to judge carried by non-electors, and the fact of its being passed cannot therefore consequently be taken as in dicative of the real sentiments of tho electors. The meeting broke up shortly afterwards. Baraubah Bridge. — All the necessary ar rangements have been made, the site properly defined, and the work set out for a bridge over the Bafambah. Mr. Morrison will have the superintendence of the work. Tbe bridge, ovei al], when complete, will he 260 feet in length. ' Oakkx 'Creek Bridoe. — The works have been taken out of the hands of the contractor, in consequence of their progressing so slqwly, the term for its completion having i xpiml many monthB since. I understand tbat the above, work, .'and' tbe whole of the road between Maryborough and Gayndah.will remain under the superintendence of Mr. D. F. Lougland, which will certainly give satisfaction to alj parties. - ? , Since the arrival of Mr. Roberts in thedittrict a great deal of work has been set out, which if properly Attended to will occupy the time of the officcis ii^.pharge for the remainder of the year, ft is Mr. Koberts' intention to start for, ltook hampton overland iu a dny or two. , , i .' Tat Hospital ? Since the 1st of January nine patients bare been admitted Into the institution, 'anftly, fivej pauper and four p»Jf fatienu ; dishcurged, fit' patieuts.f Two deaths have also occurred, l'liere were five p-itieutsf at tlie end of tlie year, aud Uiere remained uu 1st UuioUij sewn— four jMiy andjhreej'uwerpaiienu. I Soevatub -—Tbe' hope, if a great number hare beenS again bligli'M, through, th* departure of Mr. Postlile-fi tbwaite The iucouvemtnce is now more severely ti'lt'H aa tlie new, KeijUuatiou Aet n quires that before anyg subdivision c#u he effected, the. land must Le surveyed byg a properly Qualified surveyor, ltn the anioubted duty of the Go vt ru m ent. »lieu«n act is passed frr the benefit of the public,-' *o give the publican opportunity of par taVing --f its ^advantages. Itlias been proclaimed far and wide that a'surveyor should proceed Nt onoe to tlii* plave and commence active operations, but yet nothing Is done. How long tUs atale of tbiugt will last it is iuipof-aibjw to foretell. ^ MB. HALT'S SPEECH. Mr. Haly said : Gentlemen, I hope you do not expect a long and learned speech from me, for I am not accustomed to speechi^iug; so long aa I explain to you what I. bare done I think. jou will consider that suftcient I do not stand before you in exactly the same light as when I last had the pleasure of addressing you, all through my being stigmatised by Now 1 consider that not only myself, but all the Government, have been unnecessarily abu^a by the Press of tills colony ! yet 1 Vell' 1 don't think there could be found a better abusi d man than myselt I can positively assure you, gentlemen, that not one-ninetieth part of the abuse that has been heaped upon me w«g deserved, nor can it be proved to be. It has been disgraceful. Whilst I do my duty to my constituents conscientiously I dou't care wliut ? the Press may say. Look at the ignominious epithets that have been thrown on my unfor tunate head by that miserable paper at Mary borough, and by its disgusting contributor, that individual signing himself tbe ' Ghost of Ban Ban.' But do you think they have had a beneficial effect as far as our communities arc concerned? Ko. Just the reveirse ; and, thank God, I have a good pair of shoulders to bear all that can be said against me. It is astonishing they should use so much time, pens, ink, and paper, over me. If I had acted wrongly I should have received, no doubt, long before this, a requisition calling upon me to resign ; but such was not the case, aud I am proud of being uble to state to this meeting that I have the 7 confidence of the electors of this district in all I have done. It is well known that I have always spoken up in a manly and straightforward man ner whilst in the H-use, and that the Speaker can verify. I have been accused of using my influence to injure this district. That is wrong, gentlemen, entirely wrong ; I never did anything of the kind. 1 have too great an interest in tho district to endeavour to injure it. Those anonymous writers who have so stated can stand behind the cloak of the Press, but are afraid to show their faces. [Mr. Haly then read his speech concerning unreported tenders, as published in the Courier, and also tbat in the Guardian, with a view to show he had been mis-reported by the former journal. After which he read an extract from tho Argus ] Mr. Haly continued : My only obiect in going into the Parliament was to serve the district, and I have done so to the best of my ability. The Argut refers to the Barambah Bridge and many other public, works. If it bad not been for my exertions in these matters you would neither have bad money voted for biidges nor roads. Often when I have urged the claims of these districts in the House I have been swamped by the eleven Moreton members, who, whenever tbey please'.to combine, can carry or prevent any measure, motion, or vote being carried. Look at the great majority there is in these eleven over the five northern members. And besides when we remember that our government has been in existence only two years, we cannot reasonably find - so much to grumble about. There is another subject I must draw your at tention to; it is tbe District Courts' Bill. I wos opposed to this measure on account of tho L-reut expense it would entail on tbe country. It has been estimated that for the maintenance of District Courts, it would cost the Government for each district respectively £30,000. So that presuming .we bad District Courts at Brisbane, Ipswich; Gayndah, Warwick, Bockhampton, Maryborough, and Toowoomba, it would cost the government annually £210,000. For this reason alone I would ever oppose these courts being held ; for I am of opinion that this money could be more advantageously expended on the making of roads and bridges — cheap bridges, a model of which I have here, and shall shortly explain to you. But, with reference to the re port on our judicial establishments, I would bring you to that portion which was inserted through the instrumentality of Mr. Lilley, as will be sceu by. his evidence. [Then followed the lengthy legal evidence taken by the Select Judicial Committee of the Assem bly] The speaker concluded as follows:— I was Gayndah's friend when she bad not a soul to stano ny ner. i was one ot tne earlier pioneer* of this now flourishing district. Eight years ago. 1 was in the field in support of tbi: claims of these districts. [Mr. Haly then read a speech be had made at the nomination of Mr. Gordon Sandemau, some five years ago, for tbe United Pastoral Districts of Moreton, Maranoa, Burnett, and Wide Bay.] Miiny years ago, for the pur pose of assisting justice, when even tbe Govern ment would not attend to the matter, I built :t snug court-house and lock-up at Nananuo, but did not vest in it myself. I. voted for the two thirds clause because I considered it wouldjiut a stop. to hasty legislation, than which there was nothing more dangerous. Mr. O'Khaughnt'esr told me that Mr. Cowper would rather have hail his hand cut off than have voted for the two thirds clause. I also voted against telegraphs because I thought that at present tbey would create a useless expenditure. [The honourable gentleman then informed the compaby that be was the individual known as ' bridge-building Haly.'] I have studied the principle on which these bridges were constructed, aud have seen many of them in America. Why, if tbe Govern ment would give tne £7 10s. per yard, J would soon put a bridge across tbe Burnett. I even promised'the Government — bo sure was 1 of tbu success of my plan — to put one of my bridges across any of the cieeks, and&eep; it in thorough repair for ten years. I have suffered as much as any man from want of bridges. . My drays bave been detained at creeks in which were only four or five feet of water, between this aud Brisbane, for weeks, nay, for months together. All we wanted was a good plan to build by. [Here the hon. member commenced in good earnest , to build a mimic bridge out of small pieces of wood, to the amusement of the assem^ blv, who, on the completion of his illustration, which lasted upwards of un hour, did nut seem much wiser than before.] To bridge this colony it would cost the Government, us they are now going on, £300,000; and where is the Govern ment would vote such a sum? We could not do it. If we attempted it, our. debentures, in stead of celling as they do, would be like those of New South Wales, almost unsaleable. Several questions were put to Mr. Haly by Dr. Thomas, which seemed to nonplus the honourable gentleman.— Burnett Argus. ' 