LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. Tuesday, March 11, 1862. LAUNCESTON AND DELORAINE RAILWAY. WE give in this issue a report of what transpired at the railway dinner on Friday last. The explanations offered by Mr. Doyne must go far to convince the most sceptical that the work will itself be re- munerative: that the value of property in the vicinity of the line will be greatly enhanced : that the resources of the various districts will be largely developed, and that the reguarantee of the Govern- ment for half the amount of interest on the capital borrowed is a myth, and if even required, would be a fractional charge, certain to be repaid, and not worth mention when spread over the existing properties within five miles of the line on each side and at the termini, while the benefit to the whole colony would be of inestimable value. The in- expensiveness of the construction is marvellous, while the territory through which the rail would pass is of unusual productiveness and population. The one greatest difficulty of the line scarcely equals the most easy on the Ceylon railway, a colony in about the same stage of progress as Tasmania. Free ventila- tion and ample discussion will lay the ghosts of ignorance and prejudice, and pave the way for railways and tram- roads in other localities where they would pay. No one can peruse Mr. Doyne's report, and who is acquainted with his antecedents and high attainments, but must be convinced it is fortunate that the Launceston and Deloraine Railway has been postponed until the services of such a gentleman could be secured. The pro- moters of such a national work now feel that in moving forward they tread on ground as firm as adamant. It is an im- portant fact that no railway ever opened has been closed, notwithstanding com- peting lines, the result of egregious folly, and the vast expense of construction. Here we have nothing to fear from rivalry, for the old road that costs so many thousands yearly to keep it in repair will be relieved of traffic, and only used as a lateral aid to the main trunk. When the settlers can send in their produce at any season and at half the present charge in summer months, and ride into and out of Launceston at a trifling fare, no incredu- lous person—no doubter—will exist, but if such a specimen should be detected he will be regarded as a fossil curiosity—a fly in amber—and the wonder will be how he got there. We are for profitable pro- gress in every respect and aspect, not for standing still till the stream runs by. We would bridge the river and allow it to flow for ever, and we hope our readers are of the same opinion. If opponents exist there is a simple rule to observe, and that is to charge DOUBLE RATES to all who re- fuse to sign a petition for the Launceston and Deloraine Railway. 