Idivorce only in death. ; [Communicated.! : i Sydney, July 4th, 1862. Among: the various anomalies which the Legislative Corps of this colony presents to astounded constituencies,, not the less noticeable r is that profound inconsistency which { makes them at one time the most diffident of men, and at; another tbe most,, presumptuous of mortals. One revolving sun finjis them opposing free selection as a curse, and the next advocating it in a parti cular distance as a blessing.' They, lay down, in the most off handed, liberal, never may-care kind of .manner, thousands of pounds' for a tramway; and then lift up theV voices and cry aloud, why curnbereth it the earth?: They; indulge occasionally in various, mesmeric experiments, i lulling the independent elector's to sleep by most potent' manipulations, and then rousing- them to a state of desperate vitality' by frantically re versing! the passes. Like that King of' France so often quoted,- sometimes the sum total of the legislative work pf_ two sessions of Parliament consists in ;:gpingi up the hill during one session, and in the next tearing down at any number of miles the hour. So a short time ago we Heard members protest ing sublimely that, it was not in the province of that House to prescribe a form of prayer to be read by the Speaker at the commence ment of the evening's business; that the Hon. Speaker, ' moreover, was, not qualified to read the prayer ; and that the House had no business to 'interfere in matters which regarded the consciences of hon. members in any way whatsoever ; . and yet, with all this diffidence in dealing with spiritual affairs, we find; them, now, in the very height of presumption, constituting themselves into a kind of ecclesiastical committee, and making, in the most confident manner, the spiritual bond of :mairiage7asubjict of legislation, rn voiving ' as it does the most vital: interests of society. How truly did the: poet say, that oft :M Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.' .. -».w *.M ; W.* WUA0. 11UUV/LVUUI DUL/IVUVi II llfcVU occupies; at present, deservedly, so. large a ' share of public attention, that I wish to ad dress some remarks to the Catholic readers of this j ournal. v ~ f Divorce is commonly considered! to be of a three-fold order : firstly, Divorce a mensa et toro. This is what the Catholic Church, and until lately the' whole C hr isti an body, recognised as the proper meaning of the word Divorce merely a separation, without the power of re-martying until, by the death of one of the parties,* the marriage tie was severed. ; In. this sense, divorce, has been permitted by the Catholic body, but only fur cases in which she in her wisdom^ esteemed just and grave. The second kind of divor e is improperly so called ; as it merely cun V sists in a judicial decision, by which that which was thought to be a marriage is de clared : not to have been so, either on account of the consanguinity of the parties or some other impediment by which it .was. rendered j vbid, 'ab initio. This was the kind of divorce which the unscrupulous Buona parte sought when his ambition prompted mm to uisuuij tuo aimauio tiuscpuiue, me wife of his bosom, and to seek a spouse who might perpetuate his Empire. This wily potentate, knowing well that to seek for a dissolution of a real marriage would, be loss of time, appliod- for-la -sentence-declaring- his* union with Josephine .null, giving his reasons why it should be so declared. The result -of this application is so well known that the wonder is how the knowing ones of the Herald could be ignorant of it. The Pope ' rejected the application; and if a time-serving Prelate was found to preside at his second nuptials, it is hardlv fair to make that the act of a body which was only, the act of a .rebellious member of that body The, third kind of divorce is that wjiich is sought at present to be brought into opera tion in this colony, and is usually called divorce avinculo : that is, a dissolution of that which is acknowledged as a valid mar riage, so! that the parties may re- marry. Thus, in | despite of common justice— in despite ofj common morality— in despite of the 'Sacred Scripture itself, do men en deavour to 'puT'asunder~what ' God has joined.' ; ....,.,?.? ..... r. . '; I havejsaid in despite.- of Scripture; for, notwithstanding the theologi al opinions tpropounded. of late by the Doctors of the *L6wer riouse1-'that: Scripture' authioriseB -diyorce alvinculq— I hope to proves it not 1(5q the satisfaction, ,al least to thei conviction,1 of the supporters of this measure, tfratHt does no such thing. Whenever a speech is n »de sin favor of this iniquitous Bill, the! authority of the Sacrecl writers is brought orwarcl as favourable to diyorce, without the slightest attempt to prove that it is so. The House and the country are expected to take assertions on this important point in place of the clearest and most satisfactory evidence. This is the opiate which lulls to rest whatever remains of conscience these g^ntiemen possess ;, this is the white cloak that is ,to cover a multitude of misgivings : Scripture, Sir, is in. favor of the measure, Sir; and I, Sir, as a Christian man, mii3t lend my feeble aid, Sir, to carry out the de signs of that Sacred and Divine Book. Thus dp ;we rant—thus do we preach, in hansoms and club- windows, and hand down our names to posterity as the fearless and uuflinchjing champions of- Deuteronomy and divorce. ,; : .' , , .-?...? Now,- so far from the Sacred Volume allowing divorce a vinculo, a little examina tion will show that it is diametrically opposed to iti .: It permits, no doubt, divorce a mensd et toro; so when hon. members say that the Scripture permits divorce, they tell the truth, no doubt, but not the whole truth, inasmuch, as it regards the married pair as joined inclissolubly ' until death do theni part.' ; - ?- ; ? And ; now, does the Old j Testament, as Dr. Lang asserted lately in the House— - does it permit the re-marriage of parties after a divorce ? Hero let me remark, that, supposing it did. it's of no weight. .The Old Law wa's but a figure of the New : it w,is imperfect, and imposed on a 6tiff necked and rebellious people. Do not all know tint there are many things prohibited by the Old TMtament' ' which we perform 'without scruple ? We eat swine's flesh, and think it delightful ; we eat blood; we hold the Sabbath in no repute ; we may gather as many sticks , as we~please~without7f§aT^of stoning ; and all , this We do despite ; of ;the many prohibitions, in the ivarious parts of^ th- Pentateuch. And why? Because the Old dispensation has given place to that which: it prefigured. On the other hand, we find permitted in the Old ^ Testament a plurality i of «?ives, as instanced in the cases of Abraham, Jacob, and Job — all just men.' We find i it permitted to marry, in certain/ cases, a ; brother's wife,' and many other things which it is not necessary now.- to mention.1 Does it follow, then, because 'the Old Testament'p~efmits'a plurality of . wives, that it is lawful at present .?..' or, , befiauae. it permits diyorce a vinculot- that we a e in any way justified by that permission? The text which the adversaries of the isanctity of the marriage bond '' bring forward in support of their views is that from Deu teronomy, 24-c.l v. Knowing how few readers take the trouble of looking out, for these passages of Scripture^ I shall' fearlessly for once trespass on the columns of a news-; paper, and it may be on the patience of'my readers by quoting the' passage in full : — u If a manvtahe a wife arid have her, arid she find not favour in Ms. eyes for some un cleanness ,' he shall write- a bill of divorce and snau give %i w tier nana, ana sena tier out oj his house. ? - ??:. — And when slie'is departed and marrieth another husband /;? / r.'^V At first sight tHis text appears strongly to favor the supposition that the Mosaic 'law granted divorce;^ ?'', vincufo, yet, it is not so, for on examination we find fatal! objections 'to any such presumption. This passage is taken from the 24 c. of Dsu't'efoiaomy. Now, if we turn, biick'to the 22 C;, 22 ;v. ' of the same inspired* book, we shall find tne penalty of death without conditio'n or excep-. tion decreed to thei party or parties guilty- pf adultery, 'Thou shalt bring them hoth out. to the gate of the city and they shall be stoned,' . Now I ask any. sensible man or any Theo logian does the sacred penman declare in the 22 c. that the adulterers shall be stoned, and then almost in the same . breath a short chapter . only^ intervening declare that the adul tress may go scot free and even again enter iuto the engagements which she has violated. ; How can this be ?. How can we reconcile the apparent discrepancy ? ! In this manner: -rlf we iread the text attentively we shall find that there's no rjerniiission whatever to re-marry ; that the law only contem plates a possible ? case/ ; where : the/ guilty woman is screened by; , the compassion of her husband' from the5 fate ^ J^iddqn^ iri tl^e 22ud chapter^ — a case where the law- has no cog nizance of the fact ; and so' far tfom- giving its sanction to her re-marriag^'doe6i«)t-|b^-e into: operation) a£ all. ,jff ,Tthe,. law cameVjat all into force in fiuch a'case^lie ^ni^goOt 1 the! adultrees, a punishment wnich is men tioned again and again as the penalty of this irime,! would be the inevitable result*: Chere.can be but' one way of getting rid of . Lhis objection, vias.— on the supposition that the divorce was not given on account of adultery, but of loss of virginity before mar riage. : But in this case she is also subject to the penalty of stoning for marrying with' 9ut disclosing her loss of honor to him who takes her as his wife. The;law here then clearly only supposes a case, oj? private divorce a mensa et toro, without an,- appeal to authority, such as ' that contemplated by Joseph when his sus picions were aroused against his holy spouse. In: such cases the woman might surrep titiously marry again, which happening she is declared in the 4th verse of the 'above text to be doubly infamous, arid an abomination before the Lord, and the former husband is debarred from taking her again to his home. ' This is fully borne out by the texfcwhich occurs in Jeremiah, 3 c, 1 v. :— ^ ' It is commonly said, if a man putiaway his wife and she go from him and marry . another man, shall he return to her any more ? Shall not that woman le polluted and defiled? J , ... „' Now, could Moses sanction that whioh the Holy Ghost, by the mouth, of the Prophet, declares to be pollution and defilement. The Prophet asks as it were in amazement, 'Shall the former hnsband return to a woman guilty of such conduct— that is not her first sin which caused the divorce ct mensa et toro, but her second a surreptitious marriage. It is quite plain that the man was at liberty to take back a wife whom he had divorced, since there is a prohibition in this particular instance for him to do so, and why is this prohibition, this new punishment to the woman, but on account of the new offence of re-marrying surreptitiously. There is no possible' indication then from this text Of Dent.—- that the re-marriage spoken of had at all the sanction of the Mosaic law; but ion the contrary everything - ? tends to the supposition that it was a new crime which effectually filled up the cup of . the woman's* guilt, and debarred her from evea' :: filling the position to which repentance might have restored her. I shall defer to another occasion some remarks on the New Testament, as I have already been more dif- ? fuse than I expected on this text of Deuter onomy. In the mean time let every well-wisher of the colony oppose this measure both by his public and private influence, the principal effects of which Tiave been in those places where it has been tried, to sap the morality ; of the country and greatly to diminish the sacredness of the marriage tie, on account of which a man shall forego Father and mother,' and to his wife adhere, And they shall be one flesh, one heart, one soul. ? N« :i We were nincb pleased on Thursday evening after Benediction, to see the large number of newly- admitted members of the Holy Guild of St. Mary and S1. Joseph^ who were presented to the Chaplains, the Revs. J. F. Sheridan and J. Dwyer, , to be invested with the habit of the confraternity. St. Felicians Chapel being entirely filled. Through some unforseen circumstance several of the costumes were not ready, but those who were not invested were amply compensated for the mishap by the address, of the Rev. Father Sheridan, who gate a brief description of the Holy Guild of St. Maty and St. J.seph, and of Young Men's,. Sjcieti'-s, showing that they were in no way antagonistic, but were both requisite organiza tions for the advancement of true religion. Tbe , Young Men's Society, he said, being feeders to the. '?'Holy 'Guild,' for many who would not dream of joii.i ig the.11 Holy Guild' became members of .the ji ,J Young Men's Society, where, after having gained a ' ' knowledge of Catholic' 'organisation sighed for its perfection, and pass, on to the Holy Catholics. ; Guild, whichj through the wisdom of its venerable V ..Founder, his; Grace the Archbishop, years before Young Men's Societies were' thought of, supplied that which Young Men's Societies now find to be j absolutely requisite to perfect their organization, ;: namely, a material., benefit added to the . religious and the literary. He was glad to see so many , joining the Holy Guild of St. Mary and St. Joseph, and as they were now, in a certain senBe, more closely united to the church, they would be looked up to for an 'example, they should do all they could to advance the cause of God) to walk worthy of their . vocation, to extend their society and its usefulness until it numbered not only hundreds, but thousands. Sunday next being their quarterly Communion he . hoped all would be present and partake of the .Bread of Life. They were in a manner bound to ...., 'be present; at the quarterly. Cqrn.mtiriion, but. he 0 advised them to be more generous with God who. L, was so good1 to them, in preferring them to many .others perhkpB more worthy to become members of . '(this L'bply confraternity;— to attiod the monthly, Communiofi stf earnestlv' yeoo amended by our. . Venerable Archbishop. 5.1S3 JRe?. Father Sherida'|» ' then invested' those membVSs w.iose costumes were '.t ready, and {ntirhated to thV jdtVjrs tljat their, .cloak*, etc., would be ready( on' cJit urday 'evening .at 9 '^cliicicy'whlBn^he'Rev. -Jniia l-wyei: would ,be in .« 4'iiendajice i to '* invest theirB After reciting 'A* v usual prayler, and singing the ' Lai»date' an4 ' O Sanctissjnja' the men? bey i separate4f - 