THE wisest of men has said, "There is who scattereth, and yet increaseth ; and there is who withholdeth more than is meet, but it endeth in poverty." There is a sense in which this is true politically, and it is admirably illustrated by the par- liamentary proceedings of this country. As a general rule scattering is unjusti- fiable waste. Every fraction voted for what is unproductive is a loss to society, and the local government is peculiarly prone to this financial error and evil. Every man with the ghost of a grievance or claim is sure to be rewarded at the public expense in the shape of a pe- cuniary compensation or a substantial pension. Those who ride hobbled are certain to secure favor and solid cash. Matters with which civil government has really no concern beyond enabling per- sons to do what they need for themselves are taken up and attempted by the state, the result being only failure and great cost. Religion and education are indi- vidual concerns, but government rushes wildly to the rescue and under the pre- tence of providing both, incurs monetary obligations and contracts debt to carry out its absurd speculations. By this means society is pauperised—shorn of its self-reliance, and the feeling of indepen- dence. But reproductive works find no favor. Railways, which have become a necessity, are regarded with suspicion and distrust. While the governments in the neighbouring colonies are construct- ing the lines required at the general charge, every obstruction is thrown in the way of forming a line between Launceston and Deloraine, the only one which it has been demonstrated would pay. If parlia- ment had cordially entered upon the question of advancing the interest of the colony the funds necessary for such public works could have been raised on very favorable terms in the present state of the money market at home. It will be recollected what Messrs. Lowndes, Sur- gery, and Woolley wrote to Mr. Doyne on this subject so late as 25th October, 1861\. They said the English subscribers would look to government alone as their se- curity, and would prefer being in no way mixed up with the railway " THOUGH THE FACT THAT THE GOVERNMENT WANTED THE MONEY TO MAKE ONE WOULD HAVE A VERY ASSURING TENDENCY." This is the opinion of one of the foremost stock- broking firms of the day. But parlia- ment, instead of dealing with the business of the country, spends its time in personal altercations, enquiries into affairs with which it has no right to meddle, and filling the hands of the government printer with returns, petitions, and papers that are not worth a sheet of foolscap, while thousands of quires are blackened by type only to become waste paper. The local government and par- liament have been lavish where they ought to have been careful, and niggardly where they ought to have been liberal. It is an undoubted fact that railways are the cheapest roads when there is sufficient traffic, and even in this island must in many parts supersede the costly macadamised roads. It is equally certain that the colony does not possess the capital neces- sary to execute such works, but from the returns a fair interest could be paid and a fund formed to redeem the principal invested in the undertakings. The ex- ample of the other colonies should be adopted, while Tasmania may profit by their dear-bought experience. It is not expensive lines that are wanted, nor high speed, nor handsome stations, nor grand viaducts, nor lines to compete with water carriage; but safe lines executed in the most economical manner. The general government should become responsible and keep the lines in its own hands to prevent useless competition, and, as in Belgium and France, the surplus revenue of railways would become an important item in the annual Budget. It is em- phatically true of reproductive works that by scattering your increase, for that is the way England's capital has been accumulated, and it is equally true that withholding more than is meet from re- productive works tendeth to poverty, and that partly accounts for the disadvan- tageous position this island occupies at the present moment in the sisterhood of Australia. 