His Honour Judge BLAKE has made a mistake—he has made two, rather : it was a mistake for him to suppose the Deniliquiu people saints above all others, and it was a mistake for him to jump to an .erroneous conclusion as to the preferable suitability of that place over Albury for the head-quarters of the new district under the new " Police Regulations Act." If an Englishman at any time qllow the blarnej'ism of a " Paddy from Cork" to overcome or blind his natural and and intuitive discretion, the crime may be condoned, and he may save himself for once from being considered a fool, or foolish; but how awfully disgusting it is when fifty high "social status" residents alloV- a man to be their mouthpiece in the presentation of a creamy, flattering, and insinuating address,— a man who, in our opinion, ought' to have Leon the last in the place to he put in such a false position by these superabundantly intelligent maiden jurymen. We quarrel with this exhibition of bad taste, and cannot think what they could have been about. If the Deiijliijuin people must have their "social Status" cracked up so very high above that of oflier and older places, why then, l>y all that is proper in good taste, let it be <lrawn forth by a fitter representative of their claims to the distinction. They should Lavs put their -M'.igistrate in the background of the picture, and have cliosen a man whose public and private character would stand a severer scrutiny. Wo don't blame the people who never saiy £uph a thing as a Judge before rrmjiieirown town, at least; we don'tj we say, blame these high -"social status " people fir 'presenting' Judge Bt AKE ' with in address: was quite natural for such extra-intelligent people to do so, and, ns they have all to gain and nothing to lose, 'twas expedient besides. But why His HONOUR should be so ready tfl depreciate other and older places, we are at a loss to know. In the two visits he has paid us, has" he seen such, an amount of deplorable ignorance manifested in Albury juries as to make us the servants of the Sand Hills?—has he not rather "perfectly agreed" jvith the decisions- arrived at by our ignorami ? And does lie forget that the majority of juries that have been called upon to decide here before him have been the ghosts of challenges and tailsmen ? Was not this particularly the case during his recent visit? We have refrained from commenting upon the good word tEat Judge BLAKE has thus spoken for us durin. his recent visit to Brother KELLY, because we thought it best to wait and see with what favour His HONOUR'S remarks were received by the Albury people, as also by others removed from us but by short distances. Wfi are happy to find that His HONOUR'S opinion of us has been received as it should be—by supreme contempt, and we shall live in hojie that more impartial visitors will one day reverse this opinion as to our true position in the "social status." As to mistake No. 2, and the lesser, we are quite confident that Mr. CowrEn will make a few more enquiries ere he places this Gomorrahthis City of the Plains without a place of refuge—in such a false and artificial position, When, on its second reading, we made a few remarks on the new "Police Regulation Bill," we did not think it worth while to speak of this absurd proposition of sticking this " beggar 011 horseback," feeling confident that Mr. COWI'EII would consider the matter afresh, or that, if such a swindle of tlie public good and service were effected, it would only be of short duration, and would end in our district's increased good. We pvay Mr. Oowrini to throw aside Judge BLAKE'S opinion, and think for himself. We pray him, as lie did not visit us, that he will be all the more anxious and persevering in getting to know both our real " social status " and the for superior position of Albury to Deniliquiu for the object sought. We are more central: Deniliquin is exactly ISO miles clean off the way. We have the Murray running through the town for navi- gable purposes : that river is fifty miles from Bunkum. We are in the richest agricuU tural distric : Bunkum City is situate in the heart of plains that will never, he a«3'tliing but graziers' ground; it has no water communication, nor will the Edward ever be navigable for tlie smallest craft. We have already that Police accommodation here which would have to be created on the Edward. We hope our representative, Mr. MATE, though he may not be so astute as Mr. HAY, will do his duty in this matter, and not Jet the influence of His Honour Judge BLAKE or the bounce of P.M. KELLY succeed in blinding the eyes of Mr. COWPER in this matter—not without an effort, at all events. 