CHABLIB THOKNHILL: OB, ' THE DVUCE OF XME FAMHT. (From Baily't Magazine.) CnAPTKIt VI. 'and its jkmates.' 'A wife well-humour'd, dutiful, and cluste.' TouEeo In all novels, or romances, or stories of any kind, a certain amount of paper devoted to 'bosb.' I I mean staid and well-digested reflections, or disserta tions, on literature, politics, ecclesiastical architecture, education, Puseyism; morals, of love. Whenever 1 come across such heavy reading in light literature I make a point of skipping It. 1 havo occasionally found a difficulty in ascertaining exactly how much to skip without losing tbe point of tho Btory; and this has delaved me. To nrevent mv roiuler frnm tmflTarinfr nnv such inconvenience, I intend to devote the beginning of my chapters to any such serious and unprofitable labour, when I find it absolutely necessary either for tho respectability of my book, or for tho amount of maltor which custom requires. There must bo in books, as in men, a certain ponderosity to give them character; and an author may no mure venture in theso daj-a of universal pasto and scissors, to write a series of ups and downs, and ins and outs, of horoes and heroines, without considerable ethical deviations; or to make two or three persons talk in the simple and rational manner in which most ladies and gentlemen do talk, without some ambitious interpolations, than he would venture to exhibit a stout gentleman in top-boots on a bay cob, riding quietly round the circle at Astley's, or a brick layer carrying bis hod and mortar up a ladder at the Alhambra, instead of the tights and spangles of Blondin and Leotaid, or tho velvet habit and bejewelled housings of Caroline and her charger. Anybody, says Longinus the Younger, can write a book if he describo men and women as they are. Yes, and what a book it would be ! Thank heaven, we none of us know each other as we are. Ko man alive could describo us as wo are. He would avert his face from his own pictnre, and blush to find himself no belter than his worst creation. The fact is, men and women are very much alike in this world : the wicked are seldom as bad as they are represented, and the best have a leaven which has escaped observation in the lump. Wo are actuated by the same sort of passions as our fellow-men. Circum stances change tbo direction of our actions and thoir results; education and self-government tbe intensity of our motives. Another thing we are blind to is tho consequences of our conduct ; and the greatest male factor may have the least to answer for. That is a com fortable reflection for the black sheep, and may teach tho goldenfleeced ones a little charity. Both Marston and Thornhill weromen oftho world, and they were neither of them stupid men. According to generally-received opinion, they wero well-educated men. The former had had the advantages, for which he seemed scarcely grateful, of Eton and the Continent ? the latter of Eton and Oxford. Both had been to these men a mero fashionable courso of training, not supposed to be practically useful, nor, indeed, as having any definito result. Yet unconsciously the character of both bnd been affected to a certain extent by their early life. The absence of the practical rendered either incapable of fully comprehending the subject on which they were engaged at the conclusion of tho last chapter; but the effect of their education it was which plunged them into a discussion with which neither of them was fitted to cope. Marston was disappointed with Eton, because it gave him few advantages in the career ho afterwards adopted. He was not an inelegant scholar, though not a deep one; and Cambridge or Oxford might havo found him not deficient in university requirements, and given him a position independently of his social lank. On tho Continent he could not be nobody ; a man of large fortune nnd rank never is: but he was less than 'uuuuj i' autiei}, nuu no leu scuteiv now mucn ho lost by the exclusiveness of his knowledge. He had now acquired a certain reOnemont, and sympathy with modern tastes, which increased bis aversion to what he considered a mistaken system; and he saw very little good in public education beyond its discipline, which affected neither himself nor Thornhill. Geoffrey, on the other hand, was a clever hoy ; had ijono through tbo school with credit to himself; did not know that he would probably have been much what he was, wherever ho had been, and attributed all the good in his character to Eton, and all the bad to tbe world and its tempta tions. He scarcely knew that one duty of school would have been to teach him to withstand them. The hospitalities of Woodlands Abbey wero charming. The master, we have seen, could be agreeable ; nay, more, ho could bo, and was with his intimates, a very fascin ating penon: but Lady Marston far outshono her husband in her character of hostess. To say sho was one of the most beautiful worten of her day was to Bay tho least in her praise. Her mind was cultivated to an extent scarcely conceivable in days when ornament takes tho place of substantial merit. Eer manners had a charm which pertain only to such as have embellished English sincerity with the elegances of tho best foreign society. She was kind, but graceful ; even warm, but courteous ; a woman of the world in the midst of homo duties; thoughtful and tender, but not tho less wittv and conversational. Sho received Gcoflrey Thornhill kindly, inquired enthusiastically after his wife, and his boys, of whom sbo knew him to be prouder than of anything ; regretted tbe absence of other company but congratulated herself and Marston upon their accidental presence in tho country at this time, when they could be of service to so old a friend. 'Cut we shall see you back after the races, and then perhaps you will give us a day or U-o moro, as wo do not leavo fill tho end of the week.' She teok her leave and her candlo tocethe* and the men were left to to their devices. If there bo anything in the proverb ' In vino vcritns ' it is not badly capped by 'Exfumodnre lucem.' From behind a cigar we get tho silver lining of the cloud. We say our best things, and keep tho real conversation of tho day for that cheerful hour when ordinary mortals have retired to rest. A smoking-room is an essential in a gentleman's house; and Mnrston's was not behind others in its comforts. The barbarism that invites a man into the open air, of an evening, to tho chill and fog of an English climate, in the month of May, to enjoy his post-prandial tobacco, is deserving nf severe reprobation or silent contempt ; nnd both Sir Frederick and his guest, though far behind tho presont fumiferous age, wero too conversant with ordinary comforts to deny themselves the luxury of arm-chairs, and n fire, in a room embellished by tho couches of Henderson, and favourite horses and hounds by Word, Fernelly, Davis and all tho best sporting artists of the day. ' It scarcely required theso to remind our two friends of tho importance of to-morrow. It had been tho subject uppermost in their minds for some part of the day ; and though Marston was too well accustomed to winning or losing a race, and Geoffrey Thornbill too careless of a few hundreds, more or less, to let his present book tinge his general tone with ono shade of anxiety, still they had both quilo enough at stake to be glad to talk over tho probable cVinnces of Buccess. Tbornhill puffed a few clouds of smoke before him, and from behind them inquired after tbo gray. ' All right,' said Marston, ' he never locked better ? shall wo have 'in Turner?' 'Xo! never mind about Turner, Fred; let us know about tbo trial. Are you satisfied it was all right your self? for though I believo Turner to bo as honest us tho day, those fellows have temptations which wo know nothing about.' ' 1 took every precaution ; it is my opinion that the horse can't loso —and thnt.he will win the Legcr if he keeps his form. lie is better than ho ever was before, certainly a stone better than when ho won at North ampton!' ' I'm glad to hear it. If I'd seen you yesterday, I should hove backed him for tho donblo 'event. Wo'll go In good timo to-morrow, and soo what Muagravo will do about Tho Leger. Burke, that Irish fellow, was at Tattersall's, nnd wanted to lny against him for Tho Corinthian ; though I hear he's taken all ho can get about him for Doncaster somo timo ago. Are these the cigars you imported for yourself tbe year before last?' ' Xo ! Pontet got them for Lord Peterborough, and bought tbem back at his sale, with quantities of all kinds of snuff. Deuco of a follow for snuff was old Peterborough! Ho bought half George IV.'s lot, at the Carlton IIouso sale, becnuse it put him in mind ot the days of the Regoncy.' Hero they both relapsed into silence: it was quite clear that there wns nothing very interesting in the topic they had accidentally hit upon. H required no great effort to get back to the old ono however ; for in about a couple of minutes, Geoffrey asked who was to rido Marston'a horse. ' The very best gentleman rider in England !' said Sir Frederick, with enthusiasm, as if his friend Thorn hill mu3t bo satistied now. 'The very best in England, bar none.' 'You mean Kildonald: Iquitongreo with you. Thore is no one out liko him : and as to the young ones, they nro no uso with him whatever. He has tho finest hands, and he combines monstrous power with great elegance. Ho can do anything with his horse ; in fact, ho knows too much.' ' You don't liko him, Geoffrey.' 'I don't liko his party. He's a pleasant, gentlemanly fellow enough; but that fellow, Burke, Is in every robbery, and I think Kildonald is in with him.' 'Thoy aro compatriots; but there can't ho much in common* between such men as Burke and Kildonnld,' said Marston, with what truth tho reader lias somo notion. But tho baronet was perhaps the least suspicious of men. When on town ho always kept at least ono Eocket open for every man's hand to bo in it; and since is residence abroad, and his marriage, he scarcoly believed in the existence of premeditated rascality. At this moment came a knock at tho door, and a servant entered, slowly and noiselessly, as is tho wont of gentle men's servants. ' What horse is lo go on to-morrow to Sittincdean for Mr. Thornhill, sir? Turner is gono on with Benevenuto, and left no orders.' ' Send the roan mare, and my black hack. We shall start from here at ten, and toll Goorgo to be ready at Sittingdean at half-past eleven. What sort of a night fs it?' ' Rains fast, Sir Frederick.' And the man left th« room, 'So much the better for the gray; it can't be too heavy for him ; every drop that falls will be ounces in his favour: it's a certainty if he livos till the morn ing.' And the uaaguin* baronet indulged In a prolonged yawn, which reminded both that they might retire for the night. 'Good night, Marston; breakfast at nine. And you think it is a certainty?' sold Thornhill, for tho last time; ' As certain as a thing can be. Goodnight!' And they both took their candles and their separate ways to bed. The evening was cold and very cheerless outside: inside, tho bright fire, heavy curtains and tapestry, the comfortable invalid chair, and waxlights left nothing to bo desired bnt sleep. But sleep would not come ; and when Thornhill's servant was dismissed, his master sat down opposito the fire, and remained lest in thought. Thornbill, though not a low-spirited man, nor a super stitious ono, was very different from what tho world gave him credit lor being. It saw only the bright side of his character. Solitude conld hardly bo paid to exhibit, but it brought out tbe darker shades. He was too sensible not to know bis faults, and too honest not to admit them ; but ho was too weak to resist them. This produced a train of thought which usually made him sadder without making him belter. To-night ho was peculiarly low spirited. Every sound irritated him : even tho shutting of the doors nt the end of his corridor made him winco. Then he thought of bis boys; what he might nnd would do for them. And a provision for Charlie, and his conversation with Murston flashed across his mind. Then ha thought of his wife: ho thought of her as Emily Carisbrookc, and again as Emily Thornbill; and ho wondered whether bo had quite dono his duty bv her; whether be might not havo saved her many a heartache. Thornhill whb not a coward nor n hypocrite. I think in these moments he took a just view of his position. He never blinked a question; but it seldom resulted in permanent good. But there wore few who had been so spoiled by fortune and by flattery, who would have been equally honest, or more consistent. Chatter VII. TO THE COURSE. 'The nizged mountain's scanty clonk Wai dwarfish shrubs of tiirch and oak.' Tho rain was over, and by nine o'clock it was os fine a May morning as e7er shone upon tbo earth. The suu was liigh in heaven, and tho still wet blades of grass and early hedgerow leaves were glistening like diamonds. There was a genial wormth about tho day already, carl} ns it was, which made it rather the harbinger of the coming summer than the expiring effort of a departing spring. All naturo rejoiced ; tbe birds carellod blithelv, as thev sprang from bough to bough, or flirted merrily in the tender shadows of tho opening leaves, Tho feeling was irresistible; nnd Thornhill had but little difficulty in shaking off Iho blue devils of tho night beforo when he throw up his window and welcomed tho morning air. Lady Marston was already at the breakfast table, on English woman's happiest moment, with ono or two inmates of her house, whom wo have not before noticed, her brother Lindsay, nnd a young Belgravian, scarcely of presentable ngo. Marston him self, too, was on tho steps of bis house, giving some orders about the horses, and returned to the brcnkf.u-t room just as Geoffrey Thornhill entered by an opposite door. Breakfast i« a cheerful meal in a country gentleman's house; perhaps Iho most so ol any. Luncheon is a scramble, a 6ort of voluntary, at which tho sportsmen of a family never appear. Dinner, to be good and agree able must bo attended by a certain amount of pom posity; nnd this climate is altogether too cold by seven or eight o'clock, p.m., for lightness and elcannce, un accompanied by a genial warmth of magnificence and state. An English gentleman is without a rival in evening dress; but it is the only timo when an English woman may appear to throw away a chance. Sho will always, in 'point of beauty, distance foreign competi tion; but candlelight gives an oponing to artificial adornment, which brings a clever and unscrupulous rival near her level. Nothing has a ghost of a ehanco with a well-dressed English woman at a breakfast table. And its charm of propriety and caso; its combination of order and sociability; even its newspaper gossip and epistolary comments, place it at the head of domestic enjoyments. His to tho day what youth is to life: somo- what too short, but a season ol promise, Alas I not always to be fulfilled. Time is no laggard when a cheerful day's sport is before suoh men as Sir Frederick Marston and Geoffrey Thornhill In half an hour they wero ready for their Proposed journey; and the roan mare and tho black ack having been gone Bome hours earlier, they pre pared for an exhilarating rido through a beautiful country to Sittingdean. a village within a short distance of tho course, and where their second horses awaited their arrival. 'Shall wo say half an hnur later for dinner, Mr. Thornhill?' said Lady Marston. 'Perhaps eight o'clock will suit you and Frederick better thnn our usual hour down here?' insinuating gracefully that she was in the habit of making a sacrifice at the shrine of Fashion in her country bouse capacity. ' If you aro homo a liltlo earlier than you expect, you can play a game at billiards before dinner. We always do when anybody is hero to plav.' 'Thank ye, Kato. Eight o'clock will do capitally for us,' said the baronet, kissing his hand lo his pretty wife and tho young lady who accompanied her to the steps of the portico. 'Adieu! I wish you luck,' was the rejoinder. And tbo gentlomen wero gone. About the same time, but on the opposito sido of tho country, might havo beon Been a party of a very different kind verginc totvards the course. Over a long strip of common land, decked hero and there with dells, and clumps of Btunted box, and straggling gorse, rumbled one of thoso half-houses, half- wagon?, drawn by a dull, badly fed cart-horso and a thriving donkey, the common attendant on a gipsy encampment. It was accompanied by Bomo half dozen swarthy looking Bohemians, two of whom were women, whoso scarlet neckerchiefs and fantastic head dresses proclaimed their profession. A short distance behind theso came three more, apparently belonging to tho former. As for as temporary association it was so, but they- hod cither no permanent interest in the doings of the gang, or tbeir present conversation was meant for no ears but their own. The group was a singular one. It consisted of a man, whose sharp features, high cheek bones, and twinkling gray eyes hod no characteristic of gipsy life: his faco was indicative of low cunning; nHd his' dress consisted of corduroy breeches, unbuttoned at the knee, and a bluo dress coat with metal buttons nnd InriM pockets protected by heavy lappols on the outside. His companions wero a woman of about forty years of ngo, hearing tho remains of much beauty, disfigured by in temperance of every kind, and now haggard and worn by sickness and prematuro decay; and a youth of about twenty, singularly athletic, finely made, and with a faco which, in the midst of all its grandeur, exhibited a ferocity more like thnt of uncivilized life than the ordi nary dnrinp of depraved naturo. Thero was a reckless ness about him as of ono smarting under wrong, and inimical to his race, which showed with wonderful con trast against the cuning, lurcher like look of his com panion. 'And where are we now?' said ho, in an impatient tone. 'Near the course?' And ho halted to survey the Bcene. ' That's Slttingdenn to your loft, and tliat'a tho race courso to the right, where ye scotlie tents in the hollow; this bridle path is the way to Stapleford over the com mon: but ye know Iho way.' And hero MikeDalv(for so was ho called) turned with a malicious half 'look towards tbe woman. ' Ay, Ay I I know every stone and every trco of the road : It's burnt into my very soul with a scar that twenty years havo never healed. Whutdoyou osk such a question for?' and her face turned almost livid as she placed her hand en her sido, and her eyoa flashed with an unwonted light. ' I've had my wrongs too,' said Mike, ' av it's not in thiscounthry. Faix, a homo's u home, if it Is but a pigsty, ond ? ' ' Your wrongs, indoed !' said tho woman, with a look of withering enntempt at the speaker. 'What do you call wrongs? Havi) you seen your homo, as you ca] lit, destroyed; your only parent dying with a curso on his lips for your unborn child; your hopes of happiness withered ; your lovo trampled on ; your very supplica tions for bread derided by ono for whom you hod sacri ficod everything in this world ond in the world to cime?'* and such was tho vehomenco with wliich tho words wero uttered, that Daly, accustomed as ho was to such out breaks, dropped behind, abashed at tho insignificance of his own misfortunes. ' Silence, mother 1' said the younger man ; ' think of this world, and leave tho other to tnko care of iuolf. What has it cvor dono for us, that wo Bhould concern oursolvcs about it?' And with a during flerccnesd ho strode onward at a paco that bid fair to distance his companion?. 'Ah! liko father, like son,' continued tho Irishman, in a sort of soliloquy. ' Uo drove us from our homos, to get the rint ; aud nor ? . But wait a while, wait a while; it's lawyer Burke that '11 see the poor man righted.' At at this moment a turn in tho nnrrow path they bad been following brought them round tbo corner of n small covert, whence tbo racecourse camo full upon thoir view. The younger man had outstripped the other two, nnd was now mingling with tho fnpsieu, who regarded him with looks of distrust. Ha was poorly clad, and nothing but his manner of expressing himself, and a certain air of hauteur, served to separate him from tho lowest grado of ruffianism. He was no sooner joined by his mother and Mike Daly than the tbreo plunged at once into tho crowd now beginning to collect from every tide. They hnd almost reached tho course, when, in crossing one oftho rides, cut in every direction through the heath, a horseman, on a email active horse, brushed rudely past, almost trampling upon tho young man in his career. Ilia left hand seized tho bridle, and ho raised his stick with the other, about to inflict a punishment, wliich might havo been severe, from the formidable nature of tbo weapon, when a harsh cry from his mother arrested his arm, and permitted the horseman to pursue his'courso unmolested. 'George! George! for God's soko hold; leave him, leave him to— to— to Heaven. Yes, yes, thero is, thero isa God. I wa« taught so once; and He only deserted me when I deserted myeelf. His punishment will come, soon enough ;' and tbe broken sobs of tbe woman were for some moments too violent forsuppresslon. The man stood with one band grasping his mother's arm, whilst his head was turned in the diroction of his retreating foe. Every evil patsion Beeraed gleaming from hia eye, sd his face, eminently handsome as it TO, bad the beauty of Moloch. . 'Look at him; look, George. Shall you forget him?' 'Do I ever foi get an enemy?' . ' Is he nn enemy?' And she asked the question with a vacant look of almost insanity. ' He would bavo trodden us under foot, liko the res of bis accursed race ; d ? him. Who or what is he, that I am not as good ?' ... 'He is Arthur Kildonald, my enemy, but your ' ^sullen scowl crossed hi? face ; and his mother, rising at the same moment from a hillock on which she bad sunk, he took her by tho hand, and led her towards the railing which separated tho stand from tho course. My father 1 -Arthur Kildonald I Ko; I'll not forget Win. Let us be going.' (To he continued.) 