THE PROPHECY OF JACQUES - . CAZOTTE. - ;o (From Once A Week.) THE readers of Dumas " The Queen's Necklace," will remember a very striking scene in which Cagliostro is represented as predicting tho coming revolution of France, and the fate of the persons collected at tho supper-table'. Like tho majority of the incidents worked up by Dumas; this one possesses a substratum of fact. The, prophecy; there is little doubt, was uttered, but not' by Cagliostro. In my memoir of that impostor, I mentioned that he had lain, to certain prophecies connected with the fall of the Bastille, but even he had sot the audacity to go further, or assume the powers with which Dumas has invested him, at the expense of a third party. The remarkable prophecy I am about to narrate there is fair ground for believing to have been made by Jacques Cazotte. This gentleman was born in 1720, at Dijon, where his father held the'post of Librarian to the estates of Burgundy, a charge, which, though of no great value, invested its holder-with a species of personal nobility, as was the , case v with so' many 'French officers under the old regime.-Jacques was educated at the Jesuit college of his native town, completed, his studies at Paris under the gui- dance of an elder brother, and through bis inj flaence obtained a situation in the Ministry bf the Navy. in 1747, Cazotte Was sent to Martinique "as Comptroller, and waa there promoted to the rank .of Commissary-General. I find - but scanty in- formation as to his life in the island, but ? it*> ap-; pears that he held a respectable posit ion,'and was highly esteemed for the bravery h¿ displayed in 1759, when Martinique waa attacked by . tho Engh'sh. Still it seems as if, even at that period of his life, Cazotte was partial to solitude, arid led a very retired life..;- He married qn.-the..island, Elizabeth Roignon, daughter-of the Chief Presi- dent of the Tribunal ; and after amassing a very considerable fortune,-, he resolved to return to France^-paitly to recruit his failing health, and partly to look after the money his .deosasadj brother had left bim. Unfortunately, he loét every franc pf the 350,000 he had ecraped together while in mar- tinique and which he bad handed over to Father Lavelette, Superior of the Jesuíta In tue island, fa exchange for bills drawn on the Paris Jesuits. Bub*, tells us that Lavalette bad founded a largecomajar. ctal agency at Martinique. The Order at fint blamed and.recalled him ; hat when it discovered what profits the business produced, it appointed Lavalette General-Superior of -all the Leeward isles', and placed at his disposal monev and credit. But when the maritime war ' of 175G broke ont,' Lavalette's opera« ions were seriously impeded and he lost heavily. 1 be Order th rearma withdrew ¡ts aid, allowed him to beconie bankrupt,1 and offered to pay the creditors- in moues. ?? 'I bia> scindalorja \ affair,' which ent died a great number of actions, i notably led to the anppression of the Jeeaila in France and elsewhere. Fortunately . Caaotta inherited aufficient from his brotner to satisfy kia moderate wants, and for the education of bis chil- dren. .t '~ After settling down on his estate in the vicinity of H pernay, Casotte turned his attention to litera- ture, and in 1763 he pi educed hia «. Olivier," a ra her weak heroic poem, but wbfch still find» admiréis in Frétée. Of hia other works tba moat remarkable is " Le Diable Aracureax," which appeared in 1771. 'I his work was des- tined to exert a remarkable influence over the life of the author, for it brought him '»ito connection with the Martinists. Cazotte had de scrihed in so masterly a way the demoniac temp tations to which his hero was exposed, that the Martinists sought him out, in the hope of obtain- ing from him some explanations about the occult sciences. They were not a little astonished at, hearing from him that what they took for the result of higher inspiration, was the pure emanation of the fancy. The Martinists derived their name either fna L'-uis Claude de ht. Martin who died in Paris ia 1803, or from his teacher, Marlines Pasqutli, Their doctrines, though not perfectly free from ex aggeration, were, for all that, a strong re-action against the spirit of the age, and believers in than are stated still to exist in France.* Their most remarkable work is the well known "Des Erreurs et de la Verite.'' But I need not dwell on the Martinists; for Cazotte did not thoroughly join them,though his connection with them strengthened his innate tendency to religions speculations, his belief in a supernatural world, and the possibility of a communication with it. Cazotte did not retire from the world, however, but spent the greater part of his life in the the literary circles of Paris, contending gently, though earnestly, by teaching and example, against the prevailing materialism. He is frequently mentioned in works of the day, and the effect he produced must have been greut, for even the most decided opponents of his views and convictions, which be never concealed, spoke with unmistakeable respect of him. . Cazote dared openly to avow his Christianity' among the philosophers, and that was a remarkable fact in a city such as Paris then was. He also wrote several other novels and poems, although all are inferior to " le Diable Amoureux." A collected edition of his works was published in Paris, in four volumes, in 1816. -r As to the prophecy said to have been ottered by Cazotte, I am bound, in the first,place, tote mark, that it was not made pubi c by the pren until after the events had been verified. AB far as l can learn, Jean Francois de Laharpef was (be first who r-peated it, and the who e narrativo hu been several times, and more especid y by the " Encyclopédie dea Gens da Monde," declared to he a fiction of Laharpe's concocting. On the olia band, it is cort in that Cazotte made other prophecies besides this one ; tba'," further, it nu the Bubjoctof conversation long ero ^Laharpe poV lished it ; and lastly, that there were witnesses t) the truth of Laharpe's narration. Aa far back H 1792/the lsst of the Guises, the Prince de Lambes resident in Vienna, alluded to this prophecy ia i conversation with General Von Schwarz, and hit story, harmonises to a great extent with Laharpe'i, As Bullau very justly remárks, Laharpe wouli hardly have ventured to invent a fiotion relafinf to such a recent occurrence, and in which sud illustrious persons were mixed up, through fear of being contradicted. " Tho same talented author alao brings direct proof of the truth of Laharpe'i 6tóry, by a reference to the Observations oa lb Curiosities of Nature," a posthumous woik of Mr. W. Burt, who declared that he was1'present «ha the prophecy was delivered. After examinas closely into the matter, I thing that CaiKi really uttered the warnings I am about totV scribe,' and that Laharpe, after thefá¡>hionof«ttie Frenchman, tacked on a considérable amount of embroidery. Nor must it be forgotten that pt» phecies of this nature were not at'all unusual il the period-for instance, Betif de la Bretonne, « far back as 1770, inserted predictions of this kind in his romance, " Les AllieB." i 1 The story of this alleged prophecy ii u follows:- r _ In i be year 1788, Cazotte supped with i tinguished party- of guests at the" house ol Duchess de Grammont. He sat silent at one of the table, staring at his half empty glass, only rousing,from bis reverie when the victoi philosophy over " religious superstition" wu jactahily announced. Suddenly he sprang leant, over the table, arid said in a' hollow vi and with pallid cheeks :' " Ton have reason to foougratalafe yoursel gentlemen, for you will all be witness of the g and sublime'revolution which you ao eeg' desire...' As you; are aware that?I undenii something about prophesying, bs ¿ood enough listen td meJ: You, M. Condorcet, will give the ghost, lying on the floor of a aalten»« dungeon ;'you, M. N--, will Tdie of poi* and you, 3Í. N---, jby the executioner1!!na» "' On hearing this strange outbreak, all beg« protesting that prison's; poison, and execnttoj had nothing ¡ri 'common with philosophy in« » floyereignty of reason, on.whose 'speedy appraj* the soothsayer had just congratulated them, M Cazotte coldly continued ; ./t : V ft" n» * tell' yon, nod~all this will hippM" uthe.namelof reisdn,' .humanity, and pMosoftf 1 AU I have announced will take plaice when reu* ÎB] the sole ruler, and has its temples." t , " In'any case," Chamfort' retorted,''jon, K not be one of the priests öf that terbple." '' '<' NôV I;M.de Chamfort;; but you assnrtf ? will; for you deserve to: be chosen before all * such ninctforisW '.'For all that, you will open 1* veins inJtwó-and-twerity place» With a razor, » will not die'lill some months after' that despa* operation. Astor you, M. Vicq.^d'Aayr.itu^ that the gout will .prévent you opeoing J* Veins, but you will have them opened by person six times in'the same day," and A'e*?? the following night. You, M. de Nicoali, Trw" on the scaffold:, and so will; you, R If- °* herbes I" .... . ? . AocorJrog to the Broth«-, Oonooart'J " Hütofc»*) Société Francaise-pcnd«at-I» Ba-Tolotion," the «ü«»' «prang-np in Russia, andawaaittovlTràno» wita During tho Berolutiaa.. thara »era.'jaora t***!^ derotePB, and . their political teaching »»« / """ri againat king« ia a crime :. if thej:»aa- Rood, ».//"¿y hythe m WOT ofGod: if bad, aa a ' pqalsiment tr natious." -I cannot fiod'any coufimatßaof tkwWf* ? Bum 17» ; died tf03, at Pari». " H> »« » F^K and revolutionist, (rot was son»erted a. prison, Jj*,^ a =*al»os Chriftian and prolific writer »giinst the Her»» . fceaWn T*~ Riehter -exclaimer!,. . * M. t^w'flttlT owes » grudge to the Académie»* «1; Bot Ceiotte «fnfcWy continued: ; f «Too, too, M. Richer, will die on the' scaffold ; «a those who «re preparing sneh a destiny for yonnelfand the rest of the company here.-pieseBt, ¿re all phi osophers like you." "And when will all these tine things happen* " «one one a ked. «Within six years of to-rtay. Laharpe also cross-questioned the prophet of tTil ina mocking voice: . "And pray, what will happen ta me, M. ^"..A great miracle, sir ; yon will be converted, ud become a god Christian." This put an end to the feeling of awe that bad tagon to creep over the company ; and the Dachess de Grammont,.rea-sured .by tue general laughter, a'ked io her tum : . _ . "TBe fat« of us poor wonif n, T assume, will not be go* bad, for in revolutionary times we are neglected." "L«dies,'' Cazotte answerer!, "this time yonr aex will not protect 3011 ; and though you may carefully refroin from interf renee, you will not fail to be treated exactly like the men. You. too, Madam« la Ducbes*e, and many o her great lad es, will have to mount the scaffold, and te taken to it ia a cart, with your hands tied behind your back !" The Duchess, who regarded tl is as 1 jest added, " 1 trust, at any rate, that I shall have a ?Blooming coach."' " No, no ; a common cart will be your last carriage. Besides, ureaser ladies than you will be dragged to punishment in the same way." " X hope you do not allude to the princesses of the b'ood ?" .. .To ? even greater than they*." " But we shall not be refus< d the comfort of a confessor, to exhort us in our dying moments ?" t-'uch a favour will only he granted to thc »«Mt i lustrions of all the victims." " But pray, what nih happen to yourself, M. Caiotte ?" some of hie andience asked, beginning to feel rather uneasy. '( The same thing will happen to me," he' re £lied, as Kupnened to the man who, di>ring the ct siege of JeruBali-m, pronounced a final impre- cation on that city, tt'en on himself, and was straightway killed by a stone." After saying this, Cazotte bowed to the ' com- pany, «nd left-the room. Everybody acquainted with the history of the French Revolution will perceive bow exactly the prophecy was ful- filled. If this prophecy, then, be no fiction of La horne's, the pious and brave Cazotte was firmly ? convinced that the revolution would swallow up the kingdom, the whole Fronch society, and him- self too. He could have emigrated," but he re- mained in Poris, working indefatigably for the .mpnaicby, and was probubly in o'ose connection, at any rate, towards the end, with, M-rie Antoi- nette. Perhaps the connection was produced by the follón ing circumstance. W hile staying at his estate of Pierry, rear b pernay, Cazotte* heard that the royal family bad been stopped in their flight at Varennes, and were ordered back.- 'The National Guard of.Pierry was detached to Chalons, to-maintain order in that town during the short stay of tho royal family. Cazotte's eldest son was commandant of these troops, and the vene- rable father hade the young roan kneel down, and after blessiog him said : "Go (luther, my dear child-make use of the uniform you wear ; God grant that you may .offer some consolation to our beloved lord, the "King." Yoong Cazotte, on,reaching Chalons, reoeived orders to occupy the approaches to the Hotel Boban, where the royal family were .to descend. He obtained from bia little band a solemn pledge that they would, keep shoulder to shoulder, and allow no one to force ;their ranks; and he had scarce posted bis. sentries ere. the royal coach made, its appearance, surrounded by an .immême crowd, .Fearful yells and menaces salu ed the several members of the family as they emerged' from the coach, and the Queen was before all the object of execration. At this moment young Caxotte shouted to tho 'Queen, in German : " Despise that 1 God is above all 1" The daughter cf the Emperor thanked him with a glance for tie consolation in her mother tongue. The Queen, the Princess, and Madame Elizabeth en- tered the house in safety ; but then the crowd dashed so furiously at Cazotte's guard that the ranks were broken through, and the little Dauphin who was being carried by a garde-du-corps, was «ut off. 'J he terrified child shrieked for bis mother. Cazotte took him in hie arms and con- veyed him, uninjured, to Marie Antoinette. As the Queen's dress bad been trodden on and torn, he fetched the daughter of the landlord, who manded it, with tears in her eyes. Such was Cazotte, the son. His aged father . was imprisoned a few weeks later, because his secret correspondence with Pontean, a secretary of the Civil List, was detected. He would cer- tainly have fallen a victim to the Septembrizers, , had not his daughter Elizabeth, a lovely girl of seventeen, who accompanied him to prison, thrown herself between her father and his murderers. " The road to my father's heart is through mine 1" the girl dauntlessly exclaimed. Her heroism affected even the bandits, and rendered the vacil laling mob so enthusiastic that they insisted on the immediate liberation of Cazotte and his daughter.t But this feeling of humanity availed old Cazotte bat little, for a few days later Potion, the Maire of ParÎB and a Girondist, succeeded in obtaining Cazotte's arrest for the second time. He was left before the fearful Tribunal ; but even the men who constituted that sanguinary court could discover no crime on the part of the aged man, whose gentleness and kindness were univer- sally known. With an odious hypocrisy, the Public Accuser finally said : V Why, Cazotte, must I find thee guilty after a virtuous life of seventy-two years ? It is not enough to be a good husband, a good father, a good neighbour-a man must also be a good citizen 1" And with a similar hypocrisy the presiding Judge continued : " Look death in the lace without fear, Cazotte! Ba member that it cannot terrify thee. It is impos- sible for a man snch as thou art to tremble at such a moment !" The truth was, he was con- demned before trial. After taking leave, in writ- ing, of his wife and family in a letter which con- cluded as follows,-" My wife, my children, do not weep for me-do not try to console me-and3 before all, never fail in your duty to God 1 "-he ascended the scaffold with a firm step on the morning of September 25, 1792. He cut off one of his whits locks, which he sent as a farewell pre- sent to his brave and lovely ' daughter, prayed fervently, and then laid his head on the block witt the loud cry of «« I die as I have lived-faithful tc my God and to my King I " A second later, ant bis white bead rolled on the scaffold. ' According to the statement of St. Meard, in hil " Agonie des-Trente-huit Heuree," Cazotte dorins; the last days of bis life lost none of hi* firmness br hvelinees. Hê Vas enabled'tii ofter s wee" conso- lation tb some' of his " feljpw-'prisooers, while . to those who adhered ' to their incredulity he sought to prove, by the example of Cain and Abe),' th .t prisoners were happier than individuals > enjoying their full liberty, and declared that he had found their fate revealed in the Apocalypse. In this way his prophecy' was fulfilled on himself. He had scouted " Woe'over Jerusalem I''-and was one of the first victims. __««Hoyábala feared lest tho royal family miebt bo Murdered on their return from Varennes ; faut Cazcato oon -^ÜHi^V HahadaTÜioninwhi.hhoaairthe prisoners »wonnded bj angela, Uko thosa who protected the tangs of ^'.when they walked in the way ortho Lord.-Ctonoourt a awtoire ia la Bociete Francaise," Sec ? «¿1 *5tn>" * rem"kable ocineidenoe between thia wnauye aod cert wa Kfass ja a " Ta!« of Two (Sties." 