LORD DUNDREARY'S DERBY PROPHECY. (From Punch.) Well, now, I don't know how to begin with my prophecy, and I almost wish that Mr. Punch hadn't asked me to do it for him, I mean that I don't wish I had asked him to let me. For I never made a prophecy before, you know, except after it had happened, the event I mean, and that isn't exactly a prophecy, which means the foretelling of events that never happen. I think that Dr. dimming might have done it, only you see that reverend doesn't attend races, and so he could not be supposed to be up in the hones, for you can't have races without horses, you know, except races of ginger, and it would be ridiculous to prophesy about ginger.you most see that, quite ridiculous, and you might born your month like the man in the South eating the road to Norwich —no, he couldn't eat a road, could he?—that's not right. Stop, doesn't Shakspeare—great creature, Bhakspeare—say something abont seeming in running to devour the way ? Couldn't devour whey, you know, curds you might, though, but you can't prophesy about curds, except so far as saying they are very nasty. What was I saying?—Oh, yes, ginger and curds and prophecies. Well, only one horse can win, and that is quite certain, and he must be the winner, unless he comes in after another; then he'll be second, or more than that—second-hand in fact—a second-hand horse. You wouldn't like that, would you? Stop, though, all horses must be second-hand, unless you grow them yourselves. Grow them—is that right ?—do horses grow ? Of course they do, some are taller than others, and so some of them must be shorter, its ridi culous to say horses don't grow like trees. Certainly they do, and blow like trees also— will anybody tell me a horse don't blow? I dare say that Miss Todd blew—at least her horse —she only blew up, when Lord Knoi was had np before Essex —stop, that's not right. Essex is a county, and has calves; this was a coachman, he hadn't calves, footmen have calves though, which they stick—at least, they stick'em ont behind. But. Epsom is not in Essex, quite the reverse, Epsom is in the Downs, where the British fleet was moored when black- eyed Susan came on board. I like black eyes, you know, —not such as you get fighting, of course, but a lady's black eyes, though very few ladies have black eyes, I've remarked that, and a man that would 6trike a lady deserves to be hanged—but I don't mean that sort of eyes. All in the downs though—how can that be ? ships can't be moored on dry land; but you'll say Epsom isn't always dry. Anyhow, a ship can't sail there, ridiculous, Epsom ealta are not the salt sea, you must see that. But about the horses, Where's the list ? List, as Hamlet %%j? to the Ghost, because a ghost on the stage walks in list slippers, very proper. Ace of Clubs—that's a queer name for a horse—horses don't go to clubs— asset do though, I believe. He's to prepare the way for a Whitewall crack. What's the good of pre paring for a crack in a white wall; better stop it up, ch —stop, yes, quite proper; then when the crack comes you won't jump. Well, he won't win, nnless he's thrown down on the table, and you can't throw. a horse on a table, though you can a pony. Next' is a long word. Argo—dessay its a mistake for cargo, these papers are so ignorant—stop, Argonaut. Nought means nothing, and that's his chances. To be sure, Wells rides him, if he don't ride something else, and wells are deep, you know. Wells ? Ah! When he's in the saddle he's Sadler's Wells, eh? Til send that to Punch. Stop, I can't do that, because I am at Ep?om, and Sadler's Wells is at Islington, ridiculous. Well, here's Brighton; I don't mean the place, Park-lane super mare, 'you know, but the horse. I think he baa dose all he knows has Brighton, and ifs very pleasant to go down and dine at the Bedford, and the asparagus is monstrous good—not montrous asparagus, I don't like that; it should be small and green like an amethyst—no, amethysts are not green; jay aunt wears one and she isn't green neither— quite the reverse. I suppose I mean an emerald ; but emeralds are not like asparagus, you most see that. Gat—cat—yes, Caterer, thats the comparative of rat, caterer or more cat; very good name, easily said, sounds like "flatterer;" but I shan't flatter this cat—this comparative cat —a horse a comparative cat! Comparisons are odious; so are cats to some people, not me, I like then), when they don't scratch. I don't think Caterer will scratch —hones don't scratch, you know—l think he won't be scratched, but I don't think he'll be the first to scratch against the winning post. Clarissa colt, she must be a daughter of Mr. Colt, who revolved pistols in his mind. What would be the good of that, and what use is a pistol at a race, unless it's a predestinarian race, and you want to startle the men—at least not startle 'em, or they wouldn't run well, of course, but Clarissa—what a pretty name, rhymes to Harlowe—no, it don't neither, what made me think of that ? Well, she woa't win—stop, it isn't a she, but a colt. But they are all colts; if c quite ridiculous calling one by a she- Christian name, its bigamy. No, it isn't quite that; but she won't win, whether her father fires a pistol or not. Cellarius, thafs a good name; there used to be a polka called die Mazurka Polka—what's that got to do with it ? Now what put polking in my head ? We don't come to Epsom to polk, do we ? When I was at school I learned a Latin word—l don't mean only one, heaps, millions, but one which I think was cellarius, and meant " very fast," and if this is a very fast horse the name is good, which comes of having a gentleman's education. Everybody should know Latin, then we should all be gentlemen. Stop, I don't want that, though; who'd clean the boots ? Boots must be cleaned, you know, bat the Latins didn't wear boots, which accounts for it. The Latin horse won't win. Now here's a long one. I should like to sneeze before I try it, for I shall never be able to sneeze in the middle of that horse, like a Centaur. But if s no use, I can't—Caractacus. I've read of him, and how he envied Napoleon a humble cottage in Borne. Stop, was it Napoleon ? Yes, he was King of Borne, that's quite right; but it was ridicu lous to envy a humble cottage, he might as well have envied a humble-bee. This horse—l can't say him again—he has been doing something at Bath, perhaps getting his head shaved, to make him run lighter, and be frightens some of them—l am not frightened, a nobleman ought never to be frightened; noblesse oblige, you know; not that all the nobility is obliging —quite the reverse ; my ancle isn't, for he won't let me come into his title, which is nepotism. This horse may win, if be can—that I am nearly cer tain about. Now we come to The Marquis. What nonsense saying " the" Marquis, and not saying of where—not Marquis of Ware, I don't mean that, but of some place, and Ware would do as well as anywhere. But perhaps a horse wouldn't like to be a Marquis,—l mean a Marquis mightn't like to be a horse, and have his name in the mouths of all the legs. Stop; do legs have months ? I suppose so—l have heard of gout in the gums, and that accounts for it. Wei], as The Marquis is a nobleman—that is, a noble horse, he may have the blue riband, which is the order of the garter, you know, and it is always given to the winner of the Derby, and Lord Derby is a Knight of the Garter, though he never won, but the moral is the same. But a Duke's higher than a Marquis, though not higher than a marquee, or else he couldn't go inside it, you must see that, and here is Duke 80110. Some say Wells may ride him, but he can't ride him and Cargo together—unless he pats a leg on each, and stands upright, and I don't think the Jockey Club would stand that. Anyhow a duke is more entitled to a blue riband than an anonymous marquis, you must agree to that. Now, then, Zetland, he's a free mason, at least Lord Zetland is, so Zetland must be a free and accepted horse, don't you see? Fancy a horse a mason —wouldn't mind being fired, eh? Thatfs good, monstrous good. Now for another. Lord Glasgow's c What*s Lord Glasgow's c ? He isn't a bishop, is he? Ridiculous; bishops don't keep racers. Dam—l don't mean that, you know, but a mamma, a mother in fact, a parent as it were. Dam by Orlando out of Brown Bess, also another oat of Barbatus out of Brown Bess. Then that must be the uncle of the other; come, I do understand a pedigree, if I don't understand anything else, which I do. Then an uncle and a nephew are to run against one another. That's mere nepotism. And Stockwell is the father of one. That's a good father, bat what the horse wants is a godfather. Why don't Glasgow name his horses ? I suppose he's Poedobaptist. As for Warminster, if itisn't a mistake for Westminster, where the Abbey is, yon know, and Parliament, only Parliament's all at Epsom to-day. Warminster's a'-winning kind of name, only you don't win with your name, except when you are a Lord, and want to be married, and as for ensign, why, bless you, my cousin Bill's an Ensign, and he can't run a bit. To be sure that's right, because a British soldier —Bill's an officer, but the moral is the same—l say a British moral officer ought not to ran, and then Exchequer, what a name. I've heard of runs on the Exchequer, but never of an Exchequer running, though Mr. Gladstone runs on any time. Faticy Mr. Gladstone running for the Derby/quite inconsistent, I should say, and he had better be taking off taxes than squandering his time down here, drinking champagne, which is sure to disagree with him, and make him fractious, like a baby when you give him rhubarb on your finger, though I dare say Mr. Glad stone's champagne is not of rhubarb, and indeed he is not here, which accounts for it, besides Exchequer being scratched. Neptunus is the same aslveptune, who was the god of the inferior regions, and, if co, he must be an inferior horse, and not likely to win, though he struck the eath, and carried off Por cupine to. be queen down there. Stop, was her name Porcupine or Prospero P It could not have been Prospero, because I have seen Mr. Macready play that, bat then, to be Bare, it was a revival, which is different. Also, I think it was Plato, at least [ know somebody reasoned well, and therefore he may win after all, for there goes egga to the roasting of reason. No, you can't roast reasons, though you may bake raisins—something wrong there. Malak was the name of Mr. Costa's opera, and I remember that did not run, so perhaps this will not, and if he does not run, he can't conduct an opera, which Mr. Costa can, nobody better, and here is St. Alexis. Putting a saint in a race, what Paseyism! I suppose that's in compliment to Mr. Gladstone, who has no business here at all, he hasn't, and indeed he is not here, for it would not do to have horse-racing Lord Chancellor, who has quite enough to do to feed his seals. Stop, though, the seals feed him, I have heard —I must ask Dr. Sclater the next time I go to the theological gardens—they call'em that because Fel lows go there on Sunday. Well, that's about all, and I should like to sneeze. Eh ? But I havn't prophe sied after aIL Well, that's ridiculous enough. Pro phesy, let's see, Fm to foretell what is to come, that is, what is to come to the pose, and come first. Well, noblesse oblige, don't you see ? It wouldn't be the thing for me—living under his roof, don't yon see, at least you don't see his roof, and I don't live under it, except when Fm acting, bat the moral is the same. I mean, that it would do, you see. Eh ? O, why you most see that I could only prophesy one way— it would be such a bad compliment to our American cousins—at least, he isn't an American, nor my cou sin, bat performs that part, which accounts for it. I couldn't mention anybody but Buckstone. I want to sneeze. 