. PUNCH TO DIOGENES. If you talked to me all day long instead of writing to me once a a week you would'nt cause ine to give one laugli the less, or. spoil the digestion of a single meal. You sit in your tub inveighing hoarsely against the evils that will and must be in the world, rowing single-handed against the current of life, and therelore never advancing a yard oil your way: refusing every man's assistance, for fear you'd pull oar witli a rogue or a fool, and be the cause of helping him on too, not reflecting that his help is more necessary to you than yours to him, for if he is a rogue or a fool, he is quite sure-to get companions and start off ahead of you : and just as obstinately refusing to take your oars out of the water and float calmly down with all the good easy people who are getting through the world with as little trouble as possible. I suppose you want to get back to some pretty spot on the great river that remains green in your memory from the time you passed it years ago, one of these sunny banks, or nestling tree and flower covered islands, that we all have had short passing glimpses of in our journey of life, and you think if you. were once back there you might be happy, that you would be still be able to enjoy the fragrance and freshnessthat appeared so delightful to your young senses, that > ou could in fact be a boy again. If it were possible old man (which it isn't), that you could succeed in having yourway^ you'd be bitterly disappointed. The only beauty that exists in that ; spot is in your imagination.'—You'd find your flowersturned to weeds ; your green banks scorched and brown, or if worth having, ; taken possession of by some one else, and the place seen oy the eyes of age' altogether different from the little fairy land that your young eyes formed it into. My supper of last night was good, and right good fellows were at it. The ball of the night before was gay, and any amountof pretty girls danced with me, but if I were offered the same two over again by Heavens I'd refuse them ! As many mote new ones as my friends like to give me, but always ahead.—No ghosts of departed pleasures for me—no phantom partners and unsubstantial dishes—no joys for Punch, that like fairy treasures may fhange under the broad light of the sun into heaps of dry leaves, Give up then your vain strivings for the impossible ; where you cant find honest men, be satisfied with those who keep clear of Pentridge. Where you cant get true religion, try to think a little more kindly of its excellent substitute, hypocrisy ; believe paste diamonds, and take as true all the professions of friendshipand good will you will meet with in everyday ilfe. That 's the way I get on, and I'd venture to say Pm ten times a happier fellow than you. Respecting bosh, upon which, you were pleased to be eloquent last week, it is at times I admit rather hard to hear ; but it is a great institution and serves many useful purposes in the economy of society. Where several-hundred columns of fresh matter have to be served up daily by the newspapers, you will see that it is absolutely essential to them, and unless you wished our Houses of Parliament to carry on the affairs of the nation with the silence and absurdity of a quakers' meeting, I dont see how you could forbid it there. You might wait many months before the " spirit moved " Messrs O'Sliannassy or Heales, and when it did perhaps you'd wish it bad left them alone. Besides it is not to be expected that the spirit would move more than one man in a night, who would have consequently all the talking to himself, and get the unmoved honorable members to vote just as he wished, and that would never do with a constitutional government. What would you want friends to do meeting in the street, the railway, or the theatre? It would be too much to expect new ideas from every one to every oue—you must just go over the well beaten high-road of bosh that you have been travelling on since breakfast, ask or tell the news of the day, .that you have been or will be telling twenty times, make inquiries about people's wives you don't care twopence for,, be much troubled because Tommy has the measles, or glad that Johnny is weU of them, aiid in short fillup all the little social gaps with rubbish and discretion. Bosh, therefore, has its uses, and "like the liberty, of the, press, the prerogative of Parliament, or the veto of the CJrowii, though I may occasionally smart from a too vigorous exercise of Its powers, it would be a bad day for society that would see it abolished. But how dare you, you sneering, joyless old scoundrel, include love-letters in your list of bo.shy articles ? Those dear little links with which fond hearts rivet themselves more closely together, are as unintelligible in their beauty to you, as the great chains of thought that bind the past to ,the present are to the naked savages of the interior. You cannot take into" account all the fond longings, the tender raptures, the happy hopes, with which these pledges of devotion fillthe young heart. Rough, clayey-bearded fellows, cooking their own chops, and iooking after 1 their oMrri billies, on the farthest of our goldfields, have a momentary sunshine of ! romance thrown over their monotonous lives on the receipt of the weekly budget, written perhaps without any great cleverness, but inspired by the divinest of earthly feelings— true love. You don't know the soother it is, after a duffer—or how a few lines from a girl, no better perhaps than dozens you see every day passing your kennel, can soften the pangs of- short commons to a full-grown man, and make him smile at the butcher's refusal of credit. Aad then the girls {—if it could be done without my being a sneak, the greatest pleasure in life to me would be, to every girl read every love-letter she gets! Imagine you sinner, the bright happy smiles one would see, the endearing murmurs, and soliloquizing answers that would be called forth by tlie t&iAemt; passages—how it would go to her lips as the Words Went to her heart* "be kissed over, cried over, and how the loving littlfc soul white yet fluttering from the excitement, would seat herself at her desk and pout forth on scented paper her response of hope and truth, and devotion. And preferable to the gteatest of other pleasures is the thrilling agony of a lover's quarrel. Such phrases as " I see you write coldly— perhaps you think So tooj if so; &e; or "I've no doubt she is a very nice girl, far nicer thafi poor me. Perhapsit would be as well for the future happiness of both that, &c;," Such phrases, I say, though conveying little to ycni, &fe; to the haiids that write and the eyes that Tead them, of more importance and meaning than the threat in an ultimatum upon which hangs peace war between two nations. Oh J Diogenes, unsynipathisirig brute as yoa are, I'll tell you this. Were the great pleasure inine that I just proposed to myself, that of seeing the girls reading their love-letters, it would be my constant aim to crush all these little quarrels iu the bud. I'd step out paternally from my place of concealment, stroke the poor child's head, whisper to her that the words of doubt and jealou, y were but proofs of passionate love, implore not to write in haste what she might ever after repent, but to make allowances, to forgive if necessary, but on no account to make the quarrel worse than it is. It would be a divine mission, and so fill my soul frith tenderness and philanthropy, that she will be a happy woman who firstmeets with me. The thought Uw even made me charitable with you. I forgive your wretched sneering, because you knew not what you sneered at, and even pity your unblessed lot. I am benevolently, yours, PUNCH. 