SINGULAR MARRIAGE. THIS (Thursday) morning a marriage was to be performed at the parish church, Brighton, to unite a lady and gentle- man of colour, whose previous history gives to the ceremony a peculiar interest, chiefly to those who have been so long and so deeply interested in the African race, and who have watched the progress of civilisation caused by the influence of Christianity on the negro ; and the ceremony will also tell our brethren on the other side of the Atlantic that British ladies and gentlemen consider it a pleasure and a privilege to do honour to those of the African race who have proved themselves capable of appreciating the advantages of a liberal education. The lady, supposed to be an African chieftain's daughter, was presented when about the age of five years, to the late Captain Frederick Forbes, R.N., who officially visited the King of Dahomey with a view to aid the suppression of the slave trade in the interior of Africa, and in his book giving an account of the mission he thus describes the little girl :— "I have only to add a few particulars about my extra- ordinary present, 'the African child.' In a former portion of these journals I have mentioned the Okeadon war ; one of the captives of this dreadful slave hunt was this interesting girl. It is usual to reserve the best born for the high behests of royalty and the immolation on the tombs of the deceased nobility. For one of these ends she had been detained at court for two years—proving, by her not having been sold to the slave dealers, that she was of a good family. So extraordinary a present would have been at least a burthen had I not the conviction that, in con- sideration of the nature of the service I had performed, the government would consider her as the property of the Crown. To refuse would have been to have signed her death warrant, which probably would have been carried into execution forthwith. Immediately on arriving, I applied through the Secretary of the Admiralty, and re- ceived for answer that her Majesty was graciously pleased, to arrange for the education and subsequent fate of the child. God grant that she may be taught to consider that her duty leads her to rescue those who have not had the advantages of education from the mysterious ways of their ancestors ! Of her own history she has only a confused idea. Her parents were decapitated ; her brothes and sisters, she knows not what their fate might have been. For her age, supposed to be eight years, she is a perfect genius ; she now speaks English well, and has a great talent for music. She has won the affections, with but few exceptions of all who have known her, by her docile and amiable conduct which nothing can exceed. She is far in advance of any white child of her age in aptness of learning and strength of mind and affection ; and with her being an excellent speci- men of the negro race, might be tested the capability of the intellect of the black ; it being generally and erroneonsly supposed that after a certain age the intellect becomes im- paired and the pursuit impossible that though the negro child may be clever, the adult will be dull and stupid. Her head is considered so excellent a phrenological specimen, and illustrating such high intellect, that M. Pistrucci, the medallist of the mint, has undertaken to take a bust of her, intending to present a cast to the author. Her mind has received a moral and religious impression, and she was bap- tized, according to the rites of the Protestant Church, Sarah Forbes Bonetta." Her Most Gracious Majesty has provided the means for completing the education of Miss Sarah Forbes Bonetta, whose knowledge and accomplishments make her an orna- ment for any society, and prove most satisfactorily that the African mind is capable of the highest intellectual attain- ments. Her Majesty has taken a great interest in her marriage, and given it her full sanction. At the same time she has, besides presents from the royal family, herself provided the whole of the outfit, &c.; Mr. James Davis, the bridegroom, was originally a slave, taken by one of our cruisers, and educated in the schools of the Church Missionary Society at Sierra Leone ; and show- ing himself to possess great talents and capable of profiting by education, he was with the sanction of the Admiralty placed in an official capacity upon one of Her Majesty's ships, under the care of Captain Coote, R.N., and proved himself so useful and willing as to gain the good wishes and opinions of both officers and men. He afterwards commenced trading on his own account, and is now a pros- perous and influential merchant at Lagos, employing upwards of 100 of his fellow countrymen, and trying to improve their moral and intellectual status. The ceremony is to be performed by the Bishop of Sierra Leone and the Rev. H. Venn ; and Mrs. Thompson has most kindly lent the garden at Westhill Lodge for the wedding breakfast. We understand there will be a large wedding party, including about 20 Africans. The bride will be attended by 16 bridesmaids, of whom four will be ladies of colour ; and among the guests who are invited will be the Bishop of Sierra Leone, the Rev., the Vicar, the Revs. Venn Elliott, Babington, Faithful, Vidall, Brass, Schon, etc., and Captain Forbes, Captain G. Forbes, Captain Coote &c.; Miss Forbes Bonetta has been for some years residing with Miss Welsh, at Brighton, that lady having been selected by the Queen to superintend the completion of her education and her introduction to society.—Brighton Gazette. 