TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR A STRONG SYMPTOM.—"Is Miss Binkins at home?" asked Mr. Saunders of the Irish girl who answered his ring at the door. "Yes, I b'lave she is. sir." "Is she engaged?" "An' is it engaged you — _-- "—tb?.! jui v v engaged y? a say! IWan'lcan'ttdlyoQ,aii;batBbekiModtfx. Vincent last evening as if ehohaa never wen the like of him; an* its engaged I b'lsve they are, eir." - Seres Cabbied to ns Utmost Muao?rrr.—An iogenions friend of ours says lie has discovered the "% ccZ ot?!f? amf a^*- r He eaya it m asbirtsntt att tte *i?#on* ?0". It was sent to Baraks pur posely to annoy him, and the effisct was that every time he put it on, the absence of the buttons oaedto pot Hercnles into snch a banting ease that altunatalr it mi tiie death of him!—JVwS. uuraaioy Top ahd Bottok.—Ch?ven-street,Btand, London, was remarkable for (he number of lawyers reeiain* there. It may be remembered, too, that the Thames flows at the bottom of the street, where coal baizes are frequently moored. On one occasion a dinner party was given by one of the Axundel-stwet fraternity, and a gentleman present, not a lawyer, for the sake of eliciting some fan, wrote the following verse on a dip of paper, and'handed it to the President:— " In Craven-street, Strand, ton attorneys End plaoe. And ten heavy coal barges are moored at ita'base'* Hy boueety, fly! from this Qmvan retreat, ' For there's craft in the river and craft in the street.* ' The eally eucceeded to admiration; but it was im mediately most cleverly mfthAa^ D y a lawyer present, who handed the following witty realv also to the President:— ' J " Why should honesty fly from the great ntnat Of the lawyer and barges, 'Od rot 'em, When the lawyers ate nut at the top of the street AndthebargasarejtutatdieDOttoi?.*' * j ODE TO TOBACCO. Toon who, when fosrs attack, Biddest them avaant* end Black Care, at the horseman's back I - Perching, vnseatest; *' ! Sweet when the mom is grey; Sweet, when they've cleared away Lunch ; and at close of day Possibly sweetest: I have a liking old For thee, though manifold Stories, I know, are told, Kottothyeredit; . How one (or two almost) Drops make a cat a ghost— ' "' Useless, except to roast— Doctors have said it: How they who use fosees All grow by slow degrees Brainlees an chimpanzees, Meagre as lixards ; Go mad, and beat their wives— Plunge (after shocking lives) Ra?Ors and carving knives Into their gizzards: Confound such knavish tricks ! Yet know I five or six Smokers who body mis Stfll with their neighbors ; Jones—(who, I'm glad to say. Asked leave of Mrs. J.>— Daily absorbs a day After his labors: Oats may have had their goose Cooked by tobacco-mice: Still why de?y its ise Thonghtullv taken; We're not as tabbies are: Smith, take c. fresh ci^ar I Jones, the tobacoo-:ar I Here's to thee, Baccn! Hex Fibst Lord Maxok of Lohboh.—Among the portraits which hang in tie hall of the Company of Drapers, there is one which, while it hat met with bat few admirer*, yet proclaim* aland end comme morates the fame of the most noted citum of the dsja of yore. Henry Vitx Alwin, the first mayor of Lon don, is bat poorly represented in (his oil picture. Pennant, thinking it a " fictitbiu likeness," remarks "I doubt whether the artist equalled, in any degree, the worst of oar modern sign painters." Again, Herbert cays that, ?in denominating tins portrait curious, we give as high praise as can be afforded it," especially when oil puinftng was not known in those early times, and ita execution too modern Car the . period given it. However, bad as it is, it tells us of one of the greatest privileges granted by our early . monarchfi to tbeotirens of London, and though' it U oar wish that a more eaitablefieoreahoald represent oar first chief magistrate, yet we mast bear in mind that the portrait of this citizen and draper prerents all forgetralness of him. by the d"?~"i^rTita of his race.— City Pretts -? NbwspapbbSiAH?iioa.—Prom the "Newspaper Press Directory" for 1862 we extract the following on the present position of the newspaper press:— " There are now published in the United Kingdom 1,165-new?papers, distributed as folbws:—Bndand, 845; Wales. 33; Scodand.l39; Inland, 134 t British , Idea, 14. Or these there are-48 davy papecs pnb- ? lished in England; lin Wales; 9inSootlandj 16 in . Ireland; 2in British Isles. On reference to pro ceding editions of this nsefol directory, we find that in 1821 there we published in the United Ejugdom 967 journals; in 1831,295; in 1811,472j in 1851,663: The magazines now in course of < publication, in cluding the quarterly reviews, number 616; of which . 213 are of a decidedly feligioas oharaoter. ;' To xakb SxAnra oux op Uabbes.—ln reply to an enquirer, the following recipe has been (dren:—^>ne'' jaU, one winejglass of aosp lees, half a wine^Uss of turpentine. This mixture mnst be made into ? pwto with a littie pipeclay. Spread die marble with flat, which should not be removed for a tern days V s^' ' if, on wiping it oft; the. objeot is.itot dbcted. * s?ooad application will generally bo nBMsKt. 