THE HANDEL FESTIVAL. The Handle Triennial Festival may now be regarded as an established fact. The experience of three gigantic meeting has done its work. The first (1857) was an interesting experiment; the second (1859) a remarkable advance; the third (1862) a brilliant' success. The first might almost as well have been in tbe open air; the second was aided by some ingenious expedients, with a view to the concentration of sound ; the third will be remembered, not merely as tue nrst celebration of the Handel Triennial Fertival, but as the first trial of the now thoroughly completed ' Handel Orchestra.' That still something re mains to be done — something that shall make the effect less dependent upon the position of the auditor, less variable, in short, as heard from different parts of the transept and galleries, must be admitted, even by those who with praise worthy ambition and indefatigable zeal have pro gressed so far towards the imaginary good of .per fection. That science properly directed can remedy all that is deficient we conscientiously believe ; and that the spirit to compass and effect the desired improvements will not be wanting may be looked upon as certain. ' If no more, why so much ?' — say Lord Grizzle to the ghost of King Arthur. A similar interrogatory, put by tbe musical public to tbe Crystal Palace Com pany — or rather to the Sacred Harmonic Society and the enterprising Mr. Bowley, who, in fair ness, may be said not merely to have suggested, but to have carried out the Handel Festival — would properly elicit a more vigorous reply than that vouchsafed by the kingly spectre to his garrulous and inquisitive courtier. ' Wait and see,' would be Mr. Bowley's answer. The so lution, however, will be satisfactorily given in 1863, at tbe second anniversary of the Handel Triennial Festival. Meanwhile we cannot in justice withhold our tribute of hearty praise from tbe really extraor dinary achievements of the past week. Never was vast undertaking so admirably organised. Tbe 4,000 singers and players seemed to get in and out of their places, — day after day, at the rehearsal and at the three successive performances, — as if by magic. We wonder if any among the thousands attracted on each occasion asked them selves how and by what means such a formidable host of executants ever came together ? — how, in obedience to the signal from a solitary conductor's stick (even though that conductor was Mr. Costa), they instantaneously and simultaneously sbouted ' God Save the Queen' as though they had been shouting it in cmcert from time immemorial ? Upwards of 120 towns and among them 32 ca thedral or collegiate cities sent delegates to the Handel- Festival Orchestra, which both in its vocal and instrumental departments was the largest and most splendid over assembled. Had their united performance been merely tolerable there would have been sufficient cause for sur prise; that it was for the most part admirable trenches on the maruellous. 