OLD ENGLISH PRODIGIES. , in the dull season of the year we occasionally find some very startling information in our daily papers. The gigantic gooseberry, the mushroom as large as a lady's parasol, birds' nests behind doors or in letter-boxes at the post-offices, a fall of large hailstones, an eight legged calf, or three children at a birth, are " subjects" that pleasantly enliven reports of the disease in potatoes, the smut in wheat, or the fly in turnips. The popular taste for what is curious must, in fact, be gratified. But how fame are the greatest achievements of the most ingenious paragraph monger of the present day compared with the stories furnished to Englishmen two hundred years ago in the British MuseumLibrary-that mine of trcasureinexhaus table ' as Aladdin's cave there are tales without end of marvels that formerly no man thought of , doubting. Let us disentomb some of them, bring them to the light of day, and judge how they would look in the columns of the Times, In the year 1841 there was placed before the public "A strange prophecy of a maid that lately lived near Worksop in Nottinghamshire." J This was by no means an. ordinary prophecy. The maid in question had calmly departed this life, but a few days after the sad event she returned and divulged the secrets of fate. The object of the prophecy was to inform the world that the end of all things was " near at hand." The maid while in the flesh had been much " Heated" one day by some of her companions respecting the poverty of her wardrobe. Nay, one of the taunting young ladies displayed doubtless, with an amiable and friendly motive -"curious wrought hadkirchors, and the like, whiohoausedadmiration"-unmingled.of course, with envy. But the sight of the " hadkirohers" overpowered the maid ; she gave up the ghost next day, and lay four-and-twenty hours quite silently and still. Her mother was weeping over her remains when, lo! the maid of Worksop arose and " with a mild and cheerful countenance"" told her story. She had met an old man. it seemed in the land of shadows people alack ! grow old there also-who took her, she said to a faire, and costly fort, no Prince's Court like it, where we were let in in which place we saw many bright angels shining like the sun and singing melodiously with clear voices." It was in this enchanting scene that the Maid was charged to come back to earth with a message warning all persons against wearing fine dresses, and especially her former companions who had " Hooted" her. The very clothes," said the seer, ' which Miss Anne did Weare, for her pride shall became loathsome to all people' whereby none shall be able to wear them, but shall become unnecessary to all men." And ; ' unnecessary they were for ever alter, since we are told that "this speech, twice spoken, was market and found to be true, by reason of an evil savour about them." This disagreeable? incident satisfied the irate and wounded Maid and she once more retired from an ungrateful world. A greater prodigy still was Charles Bench, the Man-child of Manchester, who made his ap a marquee in the year 1879. The record of his life declares that " at three years of age he doth speak Latin, Greek, and Hebrew, though never taught those languages. There was something in his appearance betokening the possession of marvellous gifts. His countenance,' says the discriminative biographer, ' is very solid and composed ; he is somewhat inclined to melancholy, yet hath a kind of majestic gravity oven already appearing in his looks which in frequently attended with a modest smile." His eye " darted a piercing and sprightly ray upon all things, and his modesty was no loss remarkable than were his talents as a linguist, for what he heard people pride himself '. he did oats raonly blush and improve them " Here was an example for his seniors ! Happily for the peace of families such children are rare, or what would become of parents V One night, when the prodigy's father was, " according to his friends and commendable custom, reading to his family in the Bible, and indeed . misreading one sentence the child of a sudden the two years old) broke out into those words : " Father, you read wrong, for it is not so in the Scripture." The unhappy parent was " wrapt in amazement" at this alarming instance of precocity, nor was he much coin for ted to learn that his son had oftentimes read the Scriptures in "Latin, Greek, and Hebrew, as well as English." M to his mode of talking. we learn that he was in very vehement in the delivery of his speeches, with a manly voice, but something thick in the delivery of his words." I Contemporary with Master Benet was a child in Switzerland, who preached edifying sermons to the neighbors when but three years of ago and at Basil there was a girl who delivered discourses uninterruptedly from the 3rd of February to the 22nd of May, " rising is fresh in the morning as if she had neither said nor done anything." What a treasure of a wife this girl must have been in after years. Let us hope her husband appreciated her unusual powers of eloquence. Another wonderful girl was Martha Taylor, the famed Derbyshire damsel." It was this young person's lot to exist twelve months with out eating. She lived near Bakewell, what good angler has not sojourned at that quaint: village ? And in the year 1667 she received a " blow on her back from a miller. Thomassen. quence was that the poor girl felt ill, and immediately abstained from taking food, " and! so" adds the chronicler, " she hath continued till within a fortnight before the date hereof, which amounts to thirteen months and up- wards." She occasionally indulged in a few drops of the syrup of stewed prunes, water and sugar, " or the juice of a roasted remain." "She was watched by a person appointed by the Duke of Devonshire, but the only discovery made was that sleep was as unnecessary to her as food, since she once " continued for five weeks making." Another individual of remarkably abstemious habits was one Roger Crab, who flourished at Uxbridge in 1655. " He o m live," says The record, on three farthings a week's consummation devoutedly to be wished for in many other cases. Economical housewives may envy Roger Club's system in its results, although they would probably hesitate to follow it in its operations. For. his constant food was " roots and herbs, as cabbage, turnips, carrots, dock- leaves, and grass ; also bread and by an." Nitiholoastouñousfaotin Roger's history was, that he once 'kept a shop, but retired to the wounds on his tV,ck-leaves and grass, " because of the many eyes, swearing, and- deceiving that are too frequently used by shopkeepers and tradesmen." In 16H was published a " True and wonderful account of' a, strange and monstrous serpent or dragon, yet living, to the great annoyance and divers daughters both of men and cattle by his strong and violent poison This appalling monster "lived" in a wood two miles from Horsham; the ac- count" office was written by M. A. It., who is.. pounds to his name the quaint notice, " He that would send better news if he had it." The dragon was nine feet in length, and must have been in every way an interesting object. In colour it was black in some parts and rod in others, in shape it was like the axletree of a cart, and in general appearance is thus sketched :-" He is of countenance very proud and at the sight or hearing of men or cattle will raise his neck upright, and seem to listen and, look about with great arrogance." On his side were two great branches," which were likely to. expand into wings; but M. A. H. expressed" a hope that he would be destroyed before he grew so " fledge," Very terrible was this dragon to meet, for ho '? oust his venom around four rodeo from him," and had thereby killed several people. What became of him there is no record to show, and the town very soon forgot this prodigy in the consideration of another - an old woman of Denbighshire who was "perfectly able to relate what she had said and done 130 years ago. It is scarcely necessary to say that her name was Morgan. Her teeth were perfect " although about three score years ago she had lost most of them. Her organs of smell were so corroded by ago that no stench could invite them to the least prejudice." Mrs. Morgan had only one fault sho was a termagant." Such are a few examples of the prodigies which astonished our pensive great- grandfather.. Oneco Week. 