TIRST COMMUNION AND CONFIRMA TION AT PARRAMATTA, ' CLOTHING OF THE MEMBERS OF SAINT ! PATRICK'S GUILD. : ! On l?ist' Sunday/ Parramatta witnessed a ceremony which it; may well be proud of, and which, in future time, it may look back to with pride and satisfaction. For some time past, we have been in the habit of recording the various town 8 in the interior witnessing his (Grace the Archbishop confirming and administering, Holy Communion to hundreds of the pious faithful, who flocked froni all. quarters to partake of the treasures which he. as the Hieh Priest of God, was ready to shower upon the worthy appli cants. Thanks be to God, our holy religion ha3 bieen progressing wonderfully of late'; and a bright future is in store for her, both in the dis seminating of its doctrines and the spreading of its glorious Societies. '-The Catholic Church is essentially attractive in its development ; and in proportion to, the (extension of its Faith, we. see the members. embracing those beautiful Associa tions which are its pride and its main Btay in its contest wtyh the world. The ceremony of last Sunday was not merely the administering of Confirmation arid Holy Communion to a vast number of the rising generation ; but it was the fact that the first-born of the Holy Guild of Saint Mary and Saint Joseph, established some years ago in Sydney, was formerly established under the sanction, and with the blessing, of the Church; -This is an age of organisation and progress ; And any religious society not making use of the weapons of the age naust retrograde. For some months, a branch of the Guild has been established in Parramatta, under the care of the Rev. P. Kenyon ;, and last Sunday t- being the one on which bis Grace was to Visit that chuvcti, was decided upon to solemnly clothe the' brethren, and to admit them formally rato that pioiis confraternity. The Sydney members were invited to be present on the occasion ; and some hundred and sixty or more, .many with tVioir fnmilina - tnn\r ni\vanta.crp, nf the .fiflfflmnnv to visit Parramatta. Most of them went by the rkilway;, but some few, preferred the slower, but more pleasant trip by water, reaching their destination in ample time to witness all the proceedings. r . . First Communion to the children was admi nistered at the early Mass by the Rev. Father Murphy, who had gone to assist the Pristof on the Friday previous, and both of whom1 were engagedon Saturday:nightizfcilty.e.cy late, hear ing Confession. Father Kenyon administered Holy Communion to some 20 ^of th6 children of the. Orphan School at the Mass1 said 'there, and ?vyho afterwards went to St. Patrick's Church to beCoafirmed. Allthe^ girls wore, white dresses and Veils; and the boys were 'also very neatly attir.ed. About 76 made their first Communion. After Mass, they all repaired to th'e school room, where a plentiful breakfast of cakes, tea, and fruit was provided by the generosity of the Catholics who subscribed tor the occasion. The Nu na and other parishioners waited upoji them during their meal; 'The Tschool-Toourwas neatly decorated with green boughs over the porch and windows ; and at one end was the full-size por trait of Saint Patrick, in Pontifical vestments. About half- past ten, the members of the Holy Guild of St. Mary and St. Joseph' arrived and tnok, tip their position on the green attached to the church, where, under the immediate ^direc tion of Mr. Rubie, the Warden, a procession was formed in tho following order,::— Cross-bearer, with fourteen of the Sydney Guild ; the brethren of the Parranaatta branch, bearing their cloaks on their left arms ; the Juvenile' Guild, with cross-bearer ;.-the members.of the Sydney Guild, followed, by the Warden, office-bearers, and clergy. The procession walked, slowly to the church, singing the Litany,' of /the. Blessed Virgin. When all had taken their seats, his Grace was met at the principal entrance of the church by the clergy, who conducted him to the Altar, where he at once put on the cope. Father Kenyon having vested, Mass at once commenced. The Very Rev. S. A. Sheehy, V.G., Fathers Sheridan and Murphy were also on the Sanctaary, in sur plices. Immediately after Mass, 'his Grace pro ceeded to address the candidates for the Sacra ment of Confirmation. He said 'that in the 8th chapter of the acts of the Apostles, they read that those who had been baptised by Philip, bad Peter and John sent to them, who extending their bands over them, prayed for them, and they received the Holy Ghost. By Baptism they were admitted into the Christian Church, and made partakers of the merits of Jesus Christ, and by Confirination.they were made strong and perfect Christians able to defend tneir faith at all times and under all circumstances. The priest could offer up the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, but the bishop only as the immediate successor of the Apostles, could administer the Sacrament of Confirmation. They also read in the scriptures of the poor man travelling from Jerusalem to Jericho, who fell among robbers. They might consider man as that unfortunate norcmi »' thft ornnd Samaritan was their dear Lord Jesus Christ, who came from heaven to take their humanity, and it was through his precious body and blood that man was healed of his wounds. Each one of theta needed the good Samaritan, and it was for this reason that our Blessed Lord instituted this Sacrament of Confirmation. It raised them from a state superior to that from which they fell. It ren dered the soul more holy, more- glorious than it was in the days of primeval innocence. His Grace next explained the various igifts bestowed upon them by the Holy Ghost, dwelling a short time upon each, and then1 went on to. explain the ceremonies-of -the Sacrament... -When they were, signed with the. .©Urism, they might un derstand by that they were never to be ashamed to profess their, fa\th in public as well as in pri vate.^th&t; they were never to defile by. sin their bodiw, whi0n tfpreabout to^be annointed with the Holy, Oil. £y tUe siight blow upon the cheek tlH^woiildleain to powess their souls in peace, to' bear all the triula arid diffioultierof We with ,i Christian, calmness; and' to go through all : i he duties of life with a peace undisturbed by \ worldlycares. ;K7a;:..': i -. -:oi; Hefe the children advanced, two by two, to ' liis Grace, who was seated, on his fald stool ow , t the Sanctuary,;; and,, kneeling :down, they were 7 I Confirmed. There were also a number of adults ? Fho, taking advantage of, the opportunity, also received this Sacrament. . ::?: _ ' . Immediately after the ceremony was over, the ?: \ Archbishop;, again addressed them on the high ? dignity whieh, they, had , just .received— a Sacra? ment which could only be conferrea by a Bishop, , and^ could [only be received once. It entitled them to higher rewards— to ''a tbron^ 'nearer to God. ' He exhorted them to be exceedingly careful €o fulfil the duties promised in Baptism ; for they, were now soldiers of, Jesus Christ '; and ?- being strong and perfect ' Christians, they must fulfil all the duties . ,b.f ; a' Christian lifei 1 Tliey . - must see;what those 'pUigations were/ which ' were contained .' nof bnly in the Ten dqmmand- - ments, but in alir those other duties whicti be- ''' came incumbent on them in their various' podi- Y tioris^thrbugh life. His Grace, in~a! ifew .wdrds of advice, enumerated the: various, eriemieg which they would ' have to combat, instancing especially self-denial and self-indulgence. He , exhorted them to be very attentive to' their morning and evening .devotions, and .to the., ojther. practices of their ' Holy ''religion.' ' *Xo'\ prayer they should jbm: the frequdntatibn of the .' Sacraments. They should go to Confession once a month ; for it not only remits sin, but is also- '' ' a great preventatiye against vi^e. ' AfWra few' , words of eiicouragement to persevere^n the holy resolutions made that , day, the ceremony ot - Confir'niatidn ended.' . '; ' ; ' ' ' ' ' i The| next cer«inony was the ' clothing of the ^ membef3,of Saint Patrick's Gaild who were all ! i calied within the 'rails of the sanctuary, where* [ they all 'knelt down.: ' ' The Archbishop addressat them in a few words. He commenced by alluding to their, motto, pilectip pnM'rpfoaswriit wjiich at . , once broHght before*£jneir a'.mirms', ''jPh'^immbcIiaiff' their neighbour. He went ohr to picture the- ., beautyof a brother helped, and encouraged by - the prayers of. his brethren, of- the great advan tages to be derived by their banding together to stem the torrent of infidelity , 'wh,ich waff , spreading so; rapidly throughout the' universe. ' -.??''' By combination effects are produced which as tonish the 'world. ' /Their society conferred upoi .„ them1 spiritual 'advantages as well aa.t'empbral ' a|dva!ntages. H^ congrjatulated the' parent so ciety when her first born was so'..to say receivt'ij into hei' arms. ' As the tree which lasts'fbf-agea' is slow'iri'sh'owing1 its' fruits so wai: itj with their society. He ventured to predict that other towns would imitate: them and receive slips from that tree; which when planted amongst them would produce migHty. fruits., He also congratulated himself in being the instru ment employed in bringing their society under the guidance of their zealous pastor. He con* eluded by earnestly entreating them to promote the love of God and of their neighbour^ When the candidates for admission had all knelt on the Altar steps, 'the following form, of admission was read by the Archbishop, and .'. repeated aloud by all the candidates :— ?',' 'I devoutly place myself under. the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Saint Joseph and Saint Patrick, and I promise to observe faith fully the Rules of the Holy Guild.' After the recital of . prayers appropriate to the occasion, and the blessings of the cloaks and shields of the Guild, the new brethren advanced singly to the 'feet of his' Grace,' arid, kneeling before him, were invested with the Shield of the Guild with these words : — ' I invest thee, dear Brother, with the shield of the Holy Guild. May Ihe Grace of God enable thee so to conduct thyself as to be a credit to this Confraternity, and an example to the rest of the Faithful.' His Grace again addressed them a few words on the great importance of obedience to- the rules, and to their office bearers, of Christian for bearance when in discussing the affairs of the so ciety they might differ in opinion. There were privileges attached to being membersof the Guild which they should highly value. They were allowed to help by their presence and assistance thj ministrations of the Church. At thesolemn processions at different seasons of the year, and at the greater Festivals of the Church, when many, at great personal inconvenience and actual loss, made it their businessto attend, ^hey would be a great source of edification to their brethren. They were to pray for each other,, to visit their sick brethren, and it would be a con solation to think that at their death they would be conducted to the grave by them. He conclu ded by saying three Paters and three Aoes for the new members, and then gave the. Pontifical benediction. ..;...? The procession then formed in the same order as before, singing some hymns, and proceeded to the ground at the rear of the church, when. . tne ceremony ended. . All the Sydney members of the Guild were then entertained to a sumptuous dinner, pro vided , by the generosity of the Parramatta brethren, and laid out in the school-room. Above two hundred sat down.' His Grace, Fathers Kenyon, Sheridan, and Murphy visited the school-room for a short time during the - repast, and they were loudly cheered both on entering and leaving. Collision at Sea. — On the 23rd instant a collision took place between ' the' ship Constance and the American ship Tubal Gain, both loaded with, coals, about 200 miles west of Cape Qtway.-; The Tubal Cain sank immediately and thecaptain . aud twelve of the crewvperished. Only one mm . was saved. The Constance was towed into the port pf Melbourne on Monday morningj by the steam tug . Black Eagle* in .a disabled condition with her fore- ' jnast^gone, bowsprit carried ' away, and otherwise damaged. ;: '?'''? ; ']'?'- ? '' 1-l 'v ' '. ' :' 'n j 'Enn;' Si^Nsi^^\:Ifla«iIeii(yl''w5 GoTeraor, baa be»n pleaied to appoint iTi; Jamet ' T, Wilshire,.to be Clerk of Petty StfWM at SwaOfr ' 