LOCAL AND DOMESTIC. TOOWOOMBA MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. Monday, Mmob 10. Proeent— Tbe Mayor ; Aldermen Bonlton, Walker, Ryan, Thompson, MoQurtby, and Patterson. Minutes of former meetiDg read and confirmed. O.i the motien of Alderman Thompson, eeoondel by Alderman Ryan, the resignation of Alderman Punrdnii wae nccepted, and the nomination waa filed far the 18th imt.int, at 1 2 o dock. Correspondence and the Report of the Finance Com* mlttee was read. The Report waa adopted on the motion of Alderman Thompson, seconded by Alderman Ryan. On the motion of Alderman Walker, seconded by tbe Mayor, the standing orders were suspended. Alderman Walkib moved—' That the Town Clerk be instrnoted to prepare a report showing the financial prospects of this Council for tbe ensuing year ; such report to commence from the 31»t December, 1861, and to include all work at present tendered for, and in course of progression ; and also rhowtngthe amount due upon all unfiniebed contracts, with salaries, -,Uice en pen»es, and other contingencies, as nearly as may be ascertained up to Slut December. ISO! '' The motion waa seconded by t.lieMjToa snd carried. Tenders for the ussebsment of the Municipality were then opened. A. n.vipg ? £18 R. Filzjerald ? 2D Tlie JfATon moved— 'That D ivies'* tender be ac cepted ;'' seconded by Aldernun It vvc u. Alderman Taonp«iif moved — ' The ecoepianoe of Fitz^iTald'e tender,' which was «-ooudedby Alderman \\\rALKg«.and carried. Tenders for the bridge at Ktein'i were then opened — Downes ? £255 McPhenon ? 197 Mnldon ? 140 Mcllardy ? 2S9 On the motion of Aldemnn Walkeb, Peeondod by Alderman ^ittersom, the tenders were ordered to lie on the table f ,r three montba. The Matok's motion—' That the Improvement Com' mitke be rcqaetted to report on, the nrob;.hle cost of forming- and draining Slirgaret^treet, Kuthren.xtreet, and portion of Rusaell- street, in accordance with tbe 42nd bje-low,' wns carried. The MiToa offared the nse of his targe yard aa a Sale Yard, pending the completion of the town one. Notices of motion were then given for next meeting. EnitATWHr. — In onr report of tlie Rev. W. Curnow'i lecture on ' Popular Literature' in our last, in tbe eighteenth sentence, for Common VTaltx, read Commonalty. Journalism. — We are informed tliat arrange ments have been made In Sydney for the establish ment of a new journal in Warwick. We hava no donW our Warwiok friends will appreciate and support the movement, which will doubtlew be a *ueoe-aful one. as there should be a good opening at Warwick fur t paper. Auction Sale. — We invite attention to tlie important role by anotion of £1200 worth nf store (foods, this day at the Argyle Rooms, by Mr Thomas Alton). For partionlan ne advertisement. Mr Alford will sell on Friday nee*, fifty head of fat working Bullocks. Police Intelligence. — On Monday last, before the Polioe Magistrate, and tbe Mayor. Arthur Byrnes, who had been in custody all night for ilriinkeii ne«8 was discharged witb acantion. Jimes Daridson, and J»hn Bill were each fined Ct and costn, tor f'lnond riding through tbo street' To Business Men. — Advertising has given many a good bu^ioew ; hat saved many a fulling businen ; has retoiied many ? lout hnsinew ; has revived many a doll buiines? ; hu {ireserved many a large bu«ineni ; hu created miny a new business ; hai aacured «ucceu in ?very eort of burinen. TH8 TOOWOOHIBA CffRONlCLE Aur- WjtIIWriCK. —We received the following telegram from Warwiok yesterday afternoon, which we publish without Com' ment :—' Contradict Hunt'« remark*. Harria ia com mitted to day. Charge-*Bmbeiriing « post letter on the 4th of September containing order for £9, depoaited by him in osn»l daily depwit, sent day. Police Magistrate waa highly indignant at the report as to hia committal in tbe Cknmctt before th« eB*ninMi*n wtu complete. M«reh l*th 186 -.' SikgDlar CoiiiciMtNCE — A girl six years of «ge, d.oghter of Mr. D. MCarthy. of thi* town, waa bitten by a dog. H neeau ttmt thin tuimal bad been previously bitten by another dop, which was bitten by a make. The UtUe g{rl coffered under tyup tom peculiar to »ntke biten, altnough in a milder form. Dr Maaon attended the tittle autertr, and pre scribed ench rcawdlea as are nssatly applied in rach oaaea, which we are happy to «t*te have overcome the veneaotu effecu.— TenUrjteld Ciremide, Fobiocs Bidiko. — Rntiiven-etreet deubtless mffordc a vary pretty ' ttraight rue in,' and m presents nany^ndncements for a vpnrt. Some of our Worshipful J.P-. are to be teen ocmrionally ?» trying (he font' of their favourite n-|* along Bltihven-Mreet, to tfaa great ?oandat of the Police Minorities «nd th« great Jenpwwy af juvenile eiirtenees. Thin appears t» be an aekaow leapsd privilege «f tin IKgfaterhrf enter, for if ? ?emntwr attempts anything of the eort. It la ' fortau rUUf .* the piioo of whhA to him h forty ?WlKnga. Darltko Downs lUcsa. — By »-fver- ttomaat it will be teen that a meeting af the Stewards of tha above neei, it «oa*enei bv the Seere tary t» be held at Mr Ho\f* Exakang* lUtel. this evening at 7 o'clock. At the Qoeewlud Agricstiiml Sooiety nave ? ametnar tbtcaa* ni|bt M tae mm* plaoe,the rtpw.iUwoe at bnta ?neumwtll 4nabUe« be Urge «a« taflMntbl. Mr BImW baa delineated asd ?aa»uie- a really tnt rate mile eaane, and deaarvea sigh «re«t for tbe esrraet JaogtneM, nne proleatioBal aUll be baa dvplaved. Tlie oonneia na exaeUent em. and wffl admit ef the bonea being twen aU the way rent ftom the ttarr. OpwaUnitw lot atenptn^anj clearing ft W(l *t wnMteaeet fottk vH«* vht nnSai wn feMt iMitfMltifflY MnMaVtiti nt tlw pabfit Wtnat it ft* tWVwaMt is daily grew. tH«re-pr. LrnrcAi Ektsrtainmfnts. — Mr. Geo. B. I Utain, wLmc uiuioal eLtirtainmeats we »nnonn«d 1 W'Hild shortly tako place, hu arnved in Toowoumba, - ind, k£ our advertising oelaoma annousee, will nuke hit appearance on Friday and Saturday aenUjs uext at the School of Aria, Prom thf fariod naJtnrn of hin prugramuie eo doubt onr tuuiiml readers will avail thsmseWes of ihe oppnrtnoitjr afforded af ependiuf as agreeable eteniag. Our Drayton frteodo will perceive that Mr. Maaun will riait them on Moad«y next, ead probably he will extend bia trip to Warwick. Separation. — Tiie Secretary of tlie States for the Colonies to Onveruor Sir John Young,— D.iwuing- street, 9th November, 1661.— Dear Sir.— t h»ve tbe bonnnr to acknowlegle your de*pateh. No. £9. of the 7-h of AogU9t,forwardin|t a petition (ram the inhahitanti of Tenterfield and New England dhtrici, prayinc that no separation of tlie CUrtnce and Hiohmnnd distrisU from tbe colony of New South Walen, may take place. In reply, I hive to refer yon to my despatch. No. 69. of the 26th of September, in which yon were apprued that ber Majesty'* (2 ivernment were not prepared to interfere io. thU eurjeot. I ho?e fcc, Niwcistle, — Empire. Introdcction of Alpacas into Victoria. — We obaerve from a communication in the Argut of the ISlb February, that arrangments have beta made by Mr J. DufSold to import the very great anmber of 1500 pure alpieaii, in three diviaiona ef 500 each, in ouueequenoe of the Peruvian Government having consented to withdraw the prohibition hitherto in force against tbe export* of these auimala. The apeonlatiun it a very bold on«, but one we fear will be vary unpri ntable. A few euthndaalia indiriduali miy be induced topurehau email lota, for the purpose of testing their value againtt ebeep. Aa it baa not, however, been aa yet shown that the alpaca combine! tha qualities of meat and wool producing aa perfectly M the shm-p, it will be vain to expect that high prioet will he obtained for auoh a number of unproved animals as 1600. The value of the alpaca for itsflxeoe may be safely admitted, I. lit the tiate of the public for its meat has yet to be formed, and there it no doubt th«t a very long time will elapse befiirs popular pr-jndioe will -fes to far orercome bb to admit of ib competing auceea'fally with murton. It ia even asserted by tome authorities that in its native home, tbe Andes of Peru, the alpaca can scarcely keep ita gronnd, In onnseqneuce of Ihe greater profits said to b« realised from eh«ep.— Melbourne Economist. J'rovincial Settlement and Progress : — We learn thtt tbe town of Lieyburu is progres-i:*,; njidly on the basis cf local enterprise. The govern ui n', however, do not appear to nave subsidised the t-fforta of the residents to the extent it ehould do ; there ia a quantity nf land on the n-rth and enst oi Canul Creek that thould be put np for aale If this were done the progress of the township would be ooneitler ably expedited. Such we believe to be the opinion of the Cum misnf oner who bai recently visited tbe epof. The truffia of cattle, eheep, and horses, through the town ia very conniderable, and euataius a large bui-iuess.. Mr. Doll'* Hotel it aa fine an hotel aa any in the Northern Diitricta. Mr. Murray has just laid tbe foundation of another very fine hotel, that ia to be a brick building. Tbe name ol the township at M'Intyre Brook — Ingle— is about to be changed to that of Ingle. wood. The town ia evidently destined to be one of the largest prosperous and moat important provincial towns in th« oolony. A large survey of town, subur ban, and ci'iintry lota at thw spot k now being iuati tutsd. A lot »f firms are also being laid nut at the held of Myall Creek. A village is being laid out in the Bunya Bnnya Mountain*, and another also at Jundowie Creek, rear Jingi Jingi. Tbe latter town will be most advantageously sitnated, boing on the nviln road to the Burnett, and thus commanding a great amount, nf traffic. Another township is being laid out at J imb.iur Wooiehed, about fifteen miles from Ualliy, where a public house has already been erested by Mr. Donald How. We understand that aeveral other villages are about to be surveyed, on Bridge Creek, on t- e nmin road from Chinchilla tn the D,w«on, and on Ktgxn Creek, about forty miles from Dilby. on tbe rond to the C'indamine township. --v\\. ??' ' r I '„ Town Impbovehknts. — If building is any in dication of material progress then it Toowoomba rioh in such signs. New buildings are springing np in utmost every street and quarter oi the town, xnd tome ? if a capaciuiu or nther pretentious description, i) . 3mc}'.- nvi.idiicu i;i pruceii uf ercc.ion near the School nf Art will bo a very Sue and ?nbnttntiul bnildiug; 11.-. Ciimmings is the contractor. Mr. Bennett's new two etorieri store in Buthvnustreet, also in process nf oreution. will be a capacious biuiness premi«e». Next to it ia the new building intended fur a chemi't and drnggist shop, to be kept by Mr. Wonderley, ol Souta Briabane. The Bank al'otmont near the Argyle Ibtonu it hUo being cleared ready for the erection of new premUet for the Tuowoomba Uranch Bank of New South Wales. Mr. Taylor's neat Den cottages in Rus sell street are juot completed and ready lor lea«e. New cottage*, eoine completed and some in c/uira of eroc tion. aie to bo teen in almost every street in the town. And what wiih these instances of private enterprise, and the substantial useful and ornate improvements effected by tbe Corporation, the entire aspect of the town It considerably altered for tbe better einoe this time latt year. Mr. A. Bsll, who bat recently re turned from England, after an absence of six years, patted through Toowoomba a tew d«ys since, aud he re marked that the wonderful change in the aepeot of the town from what it was aome year* ago reminded him more of a dream in tbe Arabian Nighru Entertainment than an actuality of ordinary experience!!. Lectuiie* on Phrenology. — Mr. Vf. D Cavanougb has been giving a teriea of lectures at th* Behool ot Arts on Monday, Taesday, and Wednesday nights. He examines the heads of all whs chosejto go forward and enbmit to hit munipnlationt, and be then fives an outline of tbe distinguishing characteristic* of the parties he has examined. Hit delineations of character afford considerable amusement, and wonld appear, aa in many inttanoej they are oonfened to be, remarkably truthful. Mr. Uavtnoufh has evidently studied the subject, and bring* to bear npon the de velopment of the faience of phrenology an active mind, Mtutw disoemment, an1 a considerable amount of original uliility. He ia well worth going to bear, and »s there nre really very few men who ' know them, selves,' a oertiBoata of character from one who is com petent to judge of it ffionld be a very helpful agency of moral culture, sir Cavennngh gave a lecture, admission grain, to tj-e children of St. Luke's and Alderman Tftumptoi.'f echool, yesterday afternoon. Several ladies wire H-jee- , t, tnd his Worship the Mayor presided and * tuced the lecturer. Tbe lecturer onmmenoed Ii. Irving that it ««» very useful and desirable, t^ «me of them rhonld know whioh were good boys '?'?.tthey ahould bi1 made acquainted with each aading characrreetics. He then proceeded to ru.nipolate the heidsof several boys who were ranged in front if the audience, and to comment npon their eharacterlstio tiiniftoHrtce. IU then fnva the delineation* of the characters of ceveral of the children which were said by those acquainted with the children to be strictly truthful and descrip tive. Queensland Fibs iNstnuirck Company — A gentleman just arrived from Brisbane, informs aa that aotive etept are new being taken in Brisbane tir the formation of a Queensland Fire Inrannn Com' pany. A prospectus hits heen framed, and will ahortly heiweed, capitJ, £109,000 in £10,000 ahares of £5 each. We believe a Praviri«ntl Committee hn been ?piwiated with power te add to ita number. Tbe ooar BMteeoospriMt many infinentitl names, amaia-ether«, us we are told, thaw of Meesrs. H. 8. WarryT 3. B Turner. J. r«trr. W. Perry. W.J. Htnee, W. 8t» bet N. Bsrttey. P. Ifayne, G. Etoonetene, /. Onwliahaw. T. 8. Warry, O. H. Wilton,!. Murphy, and a. Thome. Tbe but three ef [pswiob, eonridering the number of iueurtnoe Agencies now doing bncinest in tbb oniony, we should «ay there ia ample raope for a large and re munerative basinets f»r enet a ootnpany. We have no doubt bat what ita eataUi-haent will bebailea aaa great bean by every eeetien of tbe buriues eoamaoity. We will advert to tbia project again en view ef tbe preepeefcn*. Tn Lan» AcrrAiroN in Victobu. — Tte Arffmt ef Slat February eayii-Thete it certainly no roan on dermal to oar condition why we thonld bnve greater difficult; in devMng a Ian4 lyrten ta*a tbe «*«t Anatralin ealekie*. The exam ef mt fkflnre tniht be eought ia Ibe aaddent wUch hat given politi eml pewer in thia eomtry to a few uf the went date ef prefemienat agitator*— tbe eg teewluga ef BMtWk ehartitej afra Anwien neaaeeraey. The land aMatin ia not aeenanuily a poKtwal. etall ten a cocial diffi oaUy. It fa ear aiafartane that it hat been allied to pUiths, and e*ao- tbe vehicle ef den enttmbin, by tbe men whs eeek U«ir trade in keeping epen the ometion. It fa their interest to auke it appear that one cum ef tbe OMMntrity fare tbe aatnral eaeaVM ef eantber. that every mee-«re which reoeives tbe easeht «f tbe prnpeiliei ebjMt fa nesetearfly iaiweal to the werktnr an, and that everything it to be viewea with tnpluiua whieh tmxn witb nm-d word rrcn tbe etbet Mtle. Tbe -tnr-'rg etnpSlitj ef eeoM ef then pnjudieai fa only to be c«naUed by the hnpedenee witb wbieh ttey are tnata ttAea by ot»r 4eoajogne«, tU the taamctry with which they are held by a certain Hn of the pc?plr. The winder i-, however, sot that tha uacka should not tire nf their imposture, bat that their dupe* ahoutd net duenvtr the trick. For vena put. (he Stump bai been living on the ghost ef a gloat grievance- Time waa when the tguttten were a paiitive impediment to the settlement of thit country ; and at that time none were more emphatic er eanettin their debonaatien than tutdw . In thoae days, tat equaf ten would bave been eomethiiig more than taPBtn H they could have done all that the people expected of them. That they did not voluntarily make a read for their own destructbm, was donbtleea a great breach of puhlio duty on their part ; bat, in their behalf, it may » urged that nothing they oould ha** done would have eatttued the furious rage of onr detnoomta for agricultural settlement. Long after, however, the squ.ttert bave either the pewer er the will to step tb* coune of pnpnlatlon, they are atill retained w the pro. perty tynnta of onr political stage. They an still en gaged in vexing and tpoiling the true democracy, in keep ing tbe people from their landed property, in impoun ding the people'* com, detuDchtng the people't repre ?en-aUvea, and oorranpting tbe people'* aorveyon. They are the betu-noiri of every true land reformer. They draw op all tbe land bills, and ftU them with al aorti of ainteter danfles. If there i* a bitl otherwite, liberal and unobjectionable— a bill which provide* for tbe upeedy eettlemeet of the people— a bill which offers a fair oompromise between oonnioting interettt, it Boat be njeoted on tbe mere (aetuf iu not being opposed by theHjiutUre. Bven this ne;ative character ft a posi tive ditqualification in the eyea of those who profem to repreaeot liberal priooiplea on this question. We are led to believe that this is a toctal question between wealth and poverty — a o n'est of aristocracy with democracy— a battle in which one aide matt be exbr nrnnted before the other an exist. Before Mr.Gny'n mind'«.eye there U always ? hideout phantom of a bloated squatter, with a ratoally balanoe at hit banks, who leadt about a surveyor by a airing, and livea for no other enjoyment than to prevent the settlement of the people. Novel Enterprise. — A gentleman just re* turned from Sydney informt us tlmt he had it on onde niable authority tint M-tr», S,,ien and Pond, the gentlemen who have to eucoeskfolly epeonlated in the introduction ol the All-England cricketer*, have iu ointf mnlutinn another enterprise. Rumour had it that (he new enterprise was the charter of the Ureat CMteru fora trip to AubMmIU at aeboir vwshI. The real novelty however appe ?n to be the engagement of the world renowned Rlondin, who. it, is said, will wheel bit bar row from tbe South to the N rth Head of Port Jaokfon, and perform other feiU there, and across Hobton'a Buy, that will astonish the natives. Sir Pond, wbo ac companies the cricketers to England, is charged witb the completion of the preliminaries necessary for bring' ine Blnndin bcfure the public uf the An trilias. — N. Australian . The NonTir Ahstralian Races.— . We have heen favoured by a member nf the North Auitraifan Jockey Club with the following particulars respecting the North Australian meeting, to o.-me off In the first week in June next. Among the horses in training are Mr. Wienholi'e Bucking Boh, Dund^o, No-name, and a two-year-old unnamed; Mr. Kent's J'b Brown, Em' prets. West An tralian, Orafton, aud a three-yetrold unnamed ; Mr. Hard it's Van Fromp, Eclipse, Miranda, Mariner, and Black Eigie; Mr. Cirden Collins' G-me- «tt r, Toby, a grey mare, and am ther. The Canning Downs stud will he represented by two beger hones, with Lancer for the Hurdle It ce, and Wanderer for the maiden Plate. Mr. I'ring intends running Enolfd, late the property of Mr. John Le, of Batburat — a horse well known nf late Venn in New South Wales; and Mr. Andrew R*m, of Ellangowan, EnteniwiM. The only N«w tl. nth Wales bonea yet oientioned as being br-uiht over are a Leger horse uanied Lunatic, by 1'itsford, mid tbe two-yearwld by the tame horse, owned by Mr. Mylne, of the Clarence, and a horso which is now in training for Ihe Randwick G ™t Handicap, to come off in May, belonging to Mr. M Dermott. a well* known lur&te; in New South Wales. Tha following matches are nrmnted to come off on tbe second day of the racer. Mr. Wienholt'a No-name against Mr. Fin's three year-old for £100 a ide; Mr Wienholt'i No-name against Job Brown lor two buudred guineas. Mr. Har die's Miranda against Mr. Wienbolt's Dundax, over hurdltw, thr-e mile', for £100 a»ide; and ik. Cardeu Colliim' Toliy againat Mr. 8'. Jean'« Ilarkaway, over huTdles, three miles, owner* up, for £100 atide. In uddition to the above, a match baa been made between Telegram and the O'd Gentleman, for £2fi aside, to come off a week before the raoea ; and alto another between Van Trnmp and Telegram, three miles, one event, for £%5 aside, to come uff a fortuight before tbe racia.— AerfA Australian. 