P O L I C E O F F I C E . TUESDAV, 8nt JULY, 18G2. (Before A. D» Joucs, Esquire, Stipendiary Magistrate.) DiBTruniKO rnn PHACF..—CI varies Miles was diargod with disturbing the peace in tlic public bt reels on the fith Instant. Countable Beard deposed, the defendant was making c great disturbance at a lodgiug-housc in Brinbunc»street, but Itcing under tlic iiitluenec of drink they would not let him In 5 it was just before nine o'dock. He was fined iOs., or in default to be ituprisoued with hard labor for one week. A u GuohT^—Dcrfivino the Police.—Thd^nas Ghost was charged bv Detective Morley »lth having stolen two or three jwunds weight of load, ttotcciive Morlw said the prisoner had charged by him with stfaling two or throe pvnds of lead, the property of some ]KT*on or persons unknown. As be was unable to And an owner for tho lend, be was unable to procccd further with the case. Mr. Jones—Under tho»c circumstanr.ce! 1 must difcluir^e you, and " (ihoht" left tiiC box with "flow and *tKidy tro.nl," and quickly " vanished" from the preefnefs of the Tourl. SI'IILTII.* Tin: I'KACE.— Smith r. Scton.— An information hv Mr. \\\\\ C. D. Smith agninst Henry Scton, lor having on 1h? 30th June last, without provocation, unlitwfuliy used threatening language, an 1 praying for sureties of tlie peace. Mr. Seton applied for a postponement of tlie case, for the production of a material witness named Allison, who was standing outside the door. Mr. Jones said tlic defend* ant cou'd not ca'l witnesses except to prove malice. The complainant 6aid there was no one at all present at the time, in the office, and it was difficult for him to get away from the office, but he had no objection lo the postponement. Mr. Jones —Hut Mr. Suton, you have liad plenty of lime to summon witnesses, if you had any. Mr. Stfon— X did not buow of this man boing outside until 1 was iuformcd. The case was then ordered to proceed. Complaiuaut on being sworn, do|tosed some time back a ta". man named Kl"s brought a letter to the paper for insertion, and on the 30th of June last thtj defendaut Seton came to tbc office where I am employed, and used towards me of the most filthy language it is possible for 11 to give utterance to, a«kmg why J refused the insertion of a letter wliich he had sent hv E"is; I told b : m that t*o letter* hud already been mserted in tbc piqier, which be pledged himfii'Kto ivay for, and had sincc repudiated, anil no more would 110 inserted without the money; I requested Mm to have the ofliae; he put his baud, in Hs pocket pulled out a six-pence mid laid it 01 lunter using some filthy language, at the • ho bflid he would pull my — nose for and if he had mo outside be would kick my ; lie 6aid we were all a set of —•• indlers, aud if he got me outside he would give gyo l hiding; there were half-a-dozen l^sons prusetltiu the time; 1 bad not spoken to fc defendant one word until he pnn^e in, in a •>st outrageous pacsiun ; 1 got behind tlie Wliter fur fear Jie should do mc some injurj'. W I Jim in fear of my life now ; I go round tk streets to avoid him ; 1 do uot make this I fuplaiut from any ill feeling. By Mr. Seton— \avq soen you since this affair, and have V"dcd you 1 1 never passed your door since tli'a 4nms(auee happaned ; I saw you in Elizabeths«l t, and crobscd over tho street, and huve a^vs, as ! shall, avoid you ; I went into !*w. shop io g«t out of your way, as f vra« il of you s I swear I liave not passed you times a day; you first spoke tome Mime into the Advertiser Office ; 1 to swear Jhet^lcKers were inserted in arc now uqiaid j it is very likely 1 told dia not want such bounce Uiere * I never caHed ym a hangman, and used ds to sliewhow j j did not know you hangman, but you may liave been wiih- : know'ng It; you epoke to mc first. Setofttid it was no use his asking the witness any tstinns, lie would swear any thing. Mr, JODG{ enid defendant had no right to .such observations to tbc witness. SamisOavic*, «worn. dept»sed ho was employed till office t the viumss L-orroborutcd ' ciliicc uf tiia compiniiunL in every parlIcukLUcfenikiil uid ou tlie 30U| June lie went «ie Adeeiiiser ofll«e lo pay for one of (lie life offtnilcn and jiut dvpeflce do*n lo {tay for * I GRX'd fia one tuiyliuutf, J pay Wi&t; 1 owe. »i|[r. Smith camc round and called mc a liangmbuid «id that «as the way tlicy pulled them nfi eight in tha /naming; ! wiKht Imre said t pnll his note, but I will not me any obgccnelguage; Mr. SmiUi ought to have been broughtic for inciting me to commit a breach of the ; lie mu»t be very frightened of lii. nose hciuulled when he passed my liousc next morning! was all because J had given up tlie paper, Bench raid tliceridence vaa^ainat dercndan^id ordered Mr. gcton to Bud .mirctics to keep tttieace towards Mr. Smith for EU months, hfEetf h £50, and two sureties of each. (Before AK Jones. Esq, S.M., and J. Walker, Era, J.l>.) Auim-mffnj r. AfcNmnx.—An information by .Tames K;, 0f Kangaroo bottom, aj^nst James McSaj, of Now Tot™, for laving tit I Kangaroo Itim assaulted and brat him on the : S9Hi June Jnriihout nny provocation for to j doing. i)c%uit pleaded not guilty. James : King, soon® resile at Kangaroo Bottom, and ou tlic S'JtaJtie lut saw <kfeiduit ob Ur. Mr Nairn's land for whom I wa i oversea ; I told' hhn I was authorised by Mr, Nairn Vo keen session of tbe land and not allow any one to tesnaM ! ujion It, seeing i!»e defendant wlfli two other men ou tbe land; I went upend spoke very dviaUv to him, end naked him if lie know who* jmmnd it was ; defendant stood still jind suid Jio did not i 1 told linn tlic groaud bdonged to Mr Nairn and he must not come on it; defendant then took lus fistand knocked me douu, striking »ucon thebwist, and threatened to kick my breast in, the defendant and the other men then ran ofl; but I called after McKaiK^thatTkncw lilm and it was no tuc ]ii» running away > no other person was present cxeqjt ilufewdaut, j/U two mates and my coif. 11 y defendant—I swa&r; you struck sno I did not throw u atouu at you at all • I spoke dvilly to you; 1 did not challenge you to ibzht, you not sny you would not v jsh io hurt me Defendant tnid he ?md a vitucss to call Unmu Tirmnn, sworn—I live at New Town • I remember Isui Sunday week being witli defendant on some hind at Ksngnroo llottom j I 4J0 u»jt know lite complainant, but I saw a man come fmm the land ; I wus one side of tlic creek he was ilie oilier 5 the man came over to JleKaweo and ordeix-d him off 1 he land, JIQ niade some am«er, cud I heard the other man aay. to JIcNnniee cmne on the ojicn grouud and 1*11 soon bee what you can do, and he sliaped <0 fldit and got dose to ilcKamou, ihcv in>tb vtdit at it and lie saw them nJJ ovi*rtwJ{ but he did not b^e nny blows pi veil 5 McKcnn«c not up first and told complninout be bad bcticrgu Jjonie as he did not want iu hurl him, die inau then went towards bis own house and picked up a great be threw at McNnmtc, the ttouc just missed his leg and be went away ; I don't think a blow could have been stiuck by McJCamec without iny seeing it; 1 was 'J or 10 rods ofl'; I cannot sav which got bold hold of tiie other first, fW. "it was all <Jone qvld-'y. it only occupkd a minute or J did not see MeNamoc attempt to kiek UK plainant while he was on tlie gronud. liy w idaiuant—l ew(«r I saw you from where I was j ^ou werclra li rolling togtdlier on the ground, liyt ieHLiitii-lvnsnol with McNanieu befuw ll'u luqincned hut 1 wn)t lion.*, •with liim uftcrvvmiis Mlm y-Ma ]«,. i„vtcnt villi llcKamoc at the time, u lio I know very well. TJie Bench niter some miisi.lerutinn, slotcd tiiey believed dcleudiint to I>t; guilly „f il,e eliargc, aud lined Illm 40s. or in ocfnult of iiuyment, fonricen days' jm. pmonmcnt. Defendant nsked for lime but Hie Jicuclt reluGt^l to ^rant it. l '' 11 " 1 '^ was chawcd by JJ.C. Urj-iiu, of tlie rural poUec, villi having stolen a spade tlie nrojaaty uf Sir. J. W. Graves Bryan said he bad been uualile to And Hie siuuie and iviUiuulhiMvasablolu identify tlic p^iierty ho could not procccd with the case. Mr. Jones aSd under iliosc cireumslances iic must disdiare. tlie prisoner. " iMiictfv.-C'iarios Biyant on remand cliarecd with Having stolen laiiis. sugar, the properly of MoaagiMii. hi consequence of tie abseuce of Mr. Tonkni, who waa the second luaais. ttttic on tbc iluicli at the time lio was remanded lie was again remanded until Thursday. ' 