SENSATION NOVELS, TB« ordinary-bel¡»f of; .the. publio^ backed bj r> experience, seems to be that there are few trades more than thé writing of novels. ' Any man who entertains opinion, woald do well to take.» backward glance over early work* of Mr. Wilkie Collins. These productions, of which have come into existence with elaborate prefaces and expositions of a "purpose," will prove to the re that the 'Woman in white' is not a chance success or caprice of genius, but that the author has been in engaged ia preparatory stadies, and that the wcrk in question ii really the elaborate result of tean of labour. Academical sketches and studies from the life are not ways interesting to the general spectator ; nor are pain spt to exhibit them, hy way of showing how math p w re necessary before the picturj ctuld be campo ed. the figures du! r «et and draped ; yet when the great v is complete, therj is an ufciuestionable interest in fragment« of mgjmtion from ' which one by one, Fsrt'ect composition grew. We will not inquire whether Woman in Whit»' is * sufficiently great work to m inch an exposition : bat every raader »ho thinks so it in bil jiower ta stady the. port-folio sketches by whch the author measured bis stren; Wa confess that it has np to a recent time been a mai to as what possible interest any haroun creature coule ?apposed to take in the motives which inducid a rati c man sud tolerable writer to weare snob a dreary web the ' Dead Secret ' cr to commit to print and publicity s à revoltón? story aa « Basil' . It ap.iears, however, t the author kuew what he was about; his las' »ucce* work bas thrown a gleam of intelligibility even upon Íirefaoss, and it is with tho respeot dne io persever abonr ani diffionl'ies overcome that we approach tho b which shows how moah he has profited by his probati Let us not neglect such sn opportunity for a moral. Judge this author by Ibo portfolio of impcrfcet »kele which he liberally confided to the'world before uncover 'the picture'for which they were made, nobody would h concluded him likely to open a new path for himself, OJ 'produce a remarkable and thrilling . effect ky the rt: modest and inbtle mesas. The sketches ara often dill sad washy-sometimes coarsely horrible -icaro ly st betraying that 'fine foonlty of _ percepti wbioh can divine and se;» upons the critical lusts neither too early nor two late, inwhiob. lies the whole pic rial force and interest of a lengthened teens. Mr. Wi] 'Collins has profited in the very highest degree by his p potatory, labours. He has improved upon all his ea , works to an extent whioh proves in only tot» edifying e complete away the benefits of perseverance and painstaking The very excellence of-the result tempts na .to an i -gracious regret. -Would that those memoranda by whi future generations may trace " the steps by whiob he i "ascend," .had but been leas confidingly intrusted to t ' public'! ouch a disclosure of all the beginnings and early essays of a successful career is possible only to literature. Other crafts keep their experiments out of sight 'Authors alone hare thatingéáúous confidence in the world, and bel; in ita candour-and-.kindness, whioh emboldens them . submit the first .utterances of the muse to its great et fand confide lo. it all the, particulars of their progrei Fortunately, the confidence is Tartly misplaced. When tl hour arrives, and the man becomes famous, the indulge] world applauds his success without pausing to. remind hi .of his failures. Let ns foi low the charitable etample. H Wilkie Collins has made many a stumble on the laborious ascent i bis. progress upward has been Jolting and unha mornong bj time: but now that be has reached a heig npoe which her bin pam« «nd receive the.congratulations < : his friend', let not onrs be the hand to throw his ear'.i imperfections in his face. If he makes as mu th progre . io time,to come as he basdone in the past, thee ls no pr dieting what future altitude may await the author of tl ' Woman in White.' _ The novel itself is too well known to oall for anvtbjii like a critical review at our hands. We need not dincui over again so familiar a ta'e, or dwell upon the oharaota which are, all bnt Foico, undeniably snbordinste to the stol '? and to thndéllcatesuceesoion of sensations by which that stoi ia set forth v Mr. Vt itkie Collins insists upan the fact th; \--readers have.written to him expressing their interest i "Laura," and Miss Halcombe," "and Anne C.itheriok ¡ . s faot indeed,'which'it ls- very essy to account for, seein \- that there could be no story but by means of these figure Bat in reality tbs truth is, that one cares very little fi these characters on their own account, and that Mr. Har fright and Sir Percival Glyde and the rest are person s who ' we regard'with bat the mildest interest so far as then \- selves are concerned. The distinguishing oharsoteristio < tie book- (always excepting Fosco) is the power an J del . eaoy, of its sensation incidents: the simple-manner i Which they are brought out ; generally the perfect ni turaloess of the faofc, and always the extremely elfdctiv manner in whlcii nbe critical moment and event strike int \- the ta'e, Riving H a precision and distinctness which i ' ' other expedient could supply so well. Nothing con betti * ' illustrate the skill and self-oontr 1 with whioh these efleo are prodaced than the following scene, whioh is the fin -.' introduction of .the " Woman m White!' to, the pugi ' which biar ber .'name i- . . ' "The heat 'had been painfully oppressive all day, and -was now a cloon and. sultry night. My motlier and sints ' hed spoken so many last words and begged me to wa ,". another five minutes so many times, that it was nearly mi i . night wlien the «ervant loosed the garden-gate behind mi '' I" walked forward a few paces on the' nearest way back t . London ¿-then paused and hesitated. "The moon was full and broad in the dark-blue stories sky ; 'and tho'broken ground of the. heath looked nil enough in the inviterions light to be hundreds of miles awn, from the great city that, ky beneath it The idea of do ^'Scending any sooner than I could help into the beat am gloom of London repelled me. . The prospect of going t M bed in my airless chambers, and then the prospect of gra \- ' dual snttocation, seemed, in my present restless frame o c . body and mind; to be one and. the same thing. I deter mined to stroll home in the parer air by the most round ,: shoat way-1 could Uke, to follow" he white windin? path across the lonely Hetth, ant to approaoh London througl . its most open suburb by' striking into the Tinchley-rond , ', and so gettin^back In the cool of tho new morning, by thc Western side of Regent's Park, ' I wound my way slowly down the Heath, enjoying thc divine stillness of the scene, and admir inir the soft alterna tions of light and shade a« they followed each other ovei the broken, -ground on every, side of me. So long, as I waa proceeding through this first aud prettiest part of my night« it walk, my rnind remained passively open to the Impressions ' .produced by the viewland I thought but little upon any ^ »subject-indeed, so far as my own sensation wen concerne r ; I can hardly «av that I thought at all BatwheriT had left o tho Keith, and had turned into tho by-road, where there '?. -waa less taree, the, ideas naturally, engendered by' the ap §roaching change'iq my habits and occupations' gradually rew more and- more of.my attention exclusively to them y -selves.) By.the time 1,-had arrived at the end bf the road. .'\\.i.:I had besoms completely absorbed in my own fanoiful ' visioas of .Linlroeridge Hons?, .of Hr. Fairlie,.and pf the two ladies whose practice in, the art of water-colour paint 5 ing I,was so soon to'snperintend.', ' . ' . 'i.l .had now arrived at that particular point of my .walk where' four- roads' meet-the' road lo Hampstead, along ,(.. which I bad returned; the road to Finchley ; the road to ' West-end ; and the road back to London. 1 had mechan ' icslly returned la - this latter direction,, and was strolling along the lonely highroad, ¡dlr'wondering. I remember,' ,.' ' what the Cumberland Young ladies would look alike when '', . in'one mocoint every drop of blood in my body waibroaght ' '?to:a stop hy the touch of a band^laid lightly and sud- denly on my shoulder from behind mo. ? ?. ?,, r| .-. .. "I turned'on tha instant, with .my fingers : tightening .round the handlè of my stiok.r ' ' "There, iiHhe middle of tho broad, bright highroad-, there, ss if it had that moment sprang oat of the «art b, or dropped from the heavens-stooS'.the figure of a solitary .! woman dressed from head to foot in white garments ;' her ' face bent ia grave enquiry on mine,'her hand pointing-to ?>". thendlrk cl Jud over London ail faced her. I was far too '. seriously, «turtled by the suddenness' with which this extra ' ordinary Rppvition . stood ; befare me, in the dead-of ^ night, and tn .that Jonely.place, to. adc what she wanted. ' " The strange-woman spoke fir»t. . ,.".,'.."" . * i " tl« th at ihe road to London f she said. i' . .-,.. ''- -'"Hooked atteatirly at her as she pat that singular qaestiorrrto mn.;-It was then, nearly one o'clock. /»U X could discern distinotly by the moonlight was a colourless, youthful fae -, maigre and sharp to,look at about the oheois '.; snd*h n; -I'irge, grey, wistfnlly-^ttentiva eyes, n errons ?uncerUin i ip», lani light'hair, of a pale brownUb-yellow ' hue." Thura was notbiag wild, notSin«: imuioäeat'iu' her ' rainner^ it'wai qaiet and aelf-controlled, a Jittle mekn , 'eholy, and- a little tonohed by suapioion ; not ex&stly; the \- ' manner of * l«dy, and at the lame time not the manner of a I Woman in tho hamblest? rank of life. The voice, little as I ;had'yet-heard of it, h*l- something.curiously stilt aad , ^ 'mecbariionn-.i its tones, and.tbe.utteraa:o was'remarkibly . ., Î*P'^ S1,a held a smalLbag in her hand, and her dress . honnît; shawl, and gown, all of white -was, so far' aa I , ¡' /.could gu .'«!!, 'cartatnly not . compoaed of very delicate.'or . TJ'y espensïvé miterfits. ? Her'figure was slight, and cather, i 'b'Vé^ihe average height ; her gait and a;tiopi free! from '-th's sli^!,teit1ipproaon ti extravajrance.. Tbiswa's] all I ?:?.?'! "*n1d'observe cf her in the dim U^ht and tinder thé per-1 . ;, ,plexingly- strange'ciranmstances tof.-our meeting.. What ,rI..'*?1* 0( a wo-usoaho-was, and ho* she come to bo out, " ~°nein ttie !high'roui an hoar after midnight,', I altogether l(r. J«led to tr'tass. : Thoona thing'of which ffalt certain was . , - that tha^rofjjöstof mankind could nat havj mt(coa>truid motive ïaspeikinç, even at-that suspiciously .late . " 'rT2T'TBn'' tBlk!i "usptoioady lonely place.",- -, \- ^»S?irro'ulor* wiltb9 bWo 10 rssUtthe.mysfaflons'thrill , oi this sudden tonob. Tbs sensation is distinct and indis S' utahl«, Th« lUauN w»w»n her hiM or^n cor »1 er, as veil as upan that of Mr. Walter Hartright nothing caa b j more simple and c'ear than the narr«! or more free from exaegeratico. -ü'hece is nothing fri folor n? na'qral abont her ; one gerçai re* how her sha mast fall on the white summ er highway in thew moonlight, in the noiseless nighs.- Sue is not a wande; ghost but a wistful, helpless human creature; but shook is as sudden, os startling, ss unexpected, asd ino prehensile to us as it is to the nero of the tale- lt is first "point" in the Btory; it is acoompliihsd simplest means, and is in itself a perfectly harm occurreace ; yet the momentary thrill of that touch hal effect as powerful as the most startling event. It u fae', in its perfect simplicity, a sensation scene of the n deli ate and skilful kind. I Not much forth sr on occurs the second effect in singular picture. The whole plot of the story hinges n [ the resemblance between the forlorn creature desori ¡ above, and a beantilul girl, rich, fair, and happy, in wi [ prospects, at the moment the discovery is made, troablt mishap seem to have no place. She is outside the drawi room window of her home, walking upon a moon'it terr white Walter Hat trighi inside listens .to sundry exin from her mother's le tera, read to him by her half-sis Miss Halcombe, by way of throwing some light upon woman in white. The yoong man, listening beside ] Halcombe and her candle,' hat turned his eyes to the wini where he tees " Miss Fairlie's figure, bright and soft in snowy muslin dress -ter fice prettily framed by the wi folds bf the handkerchief whiot'ihe had tied under chin," pass'ng in the moonlight. i " .viss Hateo tn ce. pansed, and looked at me across piano. , . " . fid the forlorn woman whom you met in the hij road seem young f she asked-' yonng enough to be t or three ana twenty T " ' Te*, Mis i Halcombe, ts young ss that.' " ' And she was strangely dressed-¡rom head to foot n wh'te > u, ' All In white.' "While the answtr was pasting my lips,'Miss Foi: glided into view on tbe terrace for the third time. Insti of proceeding on her walk, she stopped with her b turned towards us, and leming on the balustrade of : tarrone, looked down into the garden beyond.' My e. fixed upon the white gleam of her muslin gown and bet dress in the moonlight, and a sensation for whian loan £ no name-a sensation that quickened my pulse and raise flattering- at ray hesrl- began, ta steal aver roe. ., All in white,'Miss, Halcombe repeated. 'Them, important sentences In the letter, Mr. Hartright, are thi at the end, which'I will read to yon immediately. Bs can't help dwelling a little «pon tbs .coincidence of t isrhit ooaturae of jthe womanjrou me1-, and the white froc which produced that. strange answer frota mr moths Jittle scholar.' The doctor may have ' been wrong when discovered the child's' SefecU of - intellect, and. predict hat she would'(trow out of i them.* < She may, never hs trown . out of! them r and toroid grateful fancy abo gassing in J white which, waa aserióos feeling to, tb woman still.?,. .'.'.''"' ? '-''¡-J'-' ? . u " I said'a few words In answer -I'Hardly know iwbi All my attention was ? oontentrated on th» white gleam < Miss Fairlie's muslin dress. <>.;.- , : '? ' Listen- to the last sentences of the latter, ' said Ml Halcombe; I think they will surprise you.' " " As she raised the letter to the light of the cand Miss Fairlie turned from'the bala»trade,looked,doubtful 'np and down the terrace, advanoed a step towards the gi» doora, and then stopped, facing us. « Meanwhile Miss Halcombe read me the last sentence whiob she* had referred. ' ' ?' . " ' And now, my loVe, seeing that I am at the end of n paper, now fdr the real reason, the surprising reason, f myfondness for little Anno Catheriok. My dear Phil! though abe ¡snot half-so ; pretty,^she is nevertheless, 1 one -of those extraordinary caprices of accidental resec blance'whiçh one sometimes sees, the living likeness, in h lia'r, her complexion, the colour of her eyes, and the sha] of her face --¿Í ur, ?.< , . .. . -, " I started up ,from the ottoman. bofo'e Miss Halcoml conld pronounce the next words. A thrill of the same fee lng which ran through'me when the touch was laid ope my fcboolder on the lonely highroad, chilled me again. ' '?There stood Miss Fairlie, a white figure, atone inti moonlight ; in her attitude,'in the tura of her head, in h complexion, in the shape of har face, the living image, i that distance, and under those circumstances, of the wornt in white 1 ' Tho doubt which¡ had troubled my-mind f hours and hours past fhvihed into conviction in an instan That ' something wanting' was my own recognition of tl omniaus likeness between tho fuji live from th« asylum'ai: my pnpil at Limmerîdge Hou«é. '-'I ' " ' lou see it !' said Miss Halcombe. She dropped tl useless letter, and her eys fl .shod as. they met,, min ' Yon see 1 it now, as my mother saw it eleven yen since ,-.',' . " I see it-more willingly than' I can Bay. To'associa than forlorn, friendles', lost woman, even by an accldenti likeness only with' Miss Fairlie, seems like casting a shi ' dow on the future of the bright creature who stands lookiti at ns now.: Let me lose the impression again ai soou i possible Call her in out. of the dreary moonlight-pre call her in I ' . , '..'-'' " ' Mr. Hartright, you surprise me. Whatever womo may be, I thought that men in the nineteenth centut were above superstition l': ., . , ; , , j .f'TrAy call her In ! ' " _ " ' ¡ Nothing can be more delicately powerful than this si con I shock of surprise and alarm, lt isa simpleph y sid efTect, if one may use such an expression. It is, totally in dependent of character, and involves no particular ÍSJUI so far; as can; be foreseen at this point of the story. Th sceno itself is as tranquil as caa be conceived-two youn, propio in doora in a lighted room, with a pretty girl ont side passing and repassing the uncovered window -yet th sensnti',n ii ag-in indisputable. The reader's nerves ar nûV.t?d like the hero's. Hs feels the tbr'll -of the un*c ward sesemblance. nb omnious" painful myrtery. He, ti is chilled by a omfused and nnerp sinahle alarm. TOOUKI the author anxiously expla'ns that the elucida'ion of char anter bas not boen iincompatible with the exoiteTent lc narrative, these- two startling.points,of this story do rio tako-their pawer from passion, or any inter leo'nu) or emo timmi inilitfnce. Tho effect is purs Pensado», neither mon mir less';'and so much reticence, reserve, and delioaoy ii it the UI0311H employe:!, tbeie is suoh an entirp ' a^senco of er ag.ir«ràtinu or any meretricious auxiliaries.that the rea lei feo g. his awn, sensibilities flittered'by the'impression ra^di upon bim., "... . "... . '.' ".' ! * ' lt is "nnriece*ary to' enter into! further - descrip- tion'" of a! story so . well known; nor will , w« quote th i. after senaatioti'-aoenca of a very closely- wrought plot, which naturally increases in oi°iteirient,as*it goes one, and perhaps affords nojother touche*, so';'> m'pbatio and ¡'so entirely dependeht'upon thb skill of the artist, as the above When the very existence'of the principal persons in the story is in qnestion-when tho strange, country bouse where Sir Percival carries his bride is .mysteriously .evacuated by one person after 'another,'nnd the bright and resqlute'Mariari becomes suddenly visible as the prisoner of à ' hidden %ic'k-room-WEBB (Laura,'confronts "Hurtright by the grave where shciis vHupposad to . bo, /buried - when Hartright and Foico.meet in, the last struggle, whiih may end ia death to both,-the excitomeiit.'of the situation tas a certain reality .which makes tho »«thor's task easier.' The scenes we hive quoted owe thelr'st.rtling force entirely to the elaborate skill and'cunning of the workman, and are, in, this point of view,'mora citable than anything tha;. comes alter-demonstrations of successful art, which the critical eye cannot look upon without £he hignett' approvals |At the same time, the conduct bf the drama is far from bein-/ unexceptionable.1- Sir'Percival Glyde, who conducted liim-.. self betöre 'tis muriage as astutely aa Fosco himself could havo dçne,'. becomes a very pcor¿ passionate,'unsuccessful roa-al after, that event- a miserable attempt at a villain, capable bl deceiving nobody, such as'novelist* are fond of palming off upon us as impersonations of successful scoun deralism. This was no doubt necessary in order to the full development of Fosco ; but had, tb^ anchor been a» careful o' character as h« hos been qf story, be could ri-1 possibly' have permitted this unlucky individual to conduct himself so cloverly in the beginning bf bis career, and so..absurdly in the end. ' Consistency,, which in actual life is by; no means necessary to existance, is a law and necessity in art. It is indispensable that .we should be able, to ro ognisa every important figure in the picture, whensoever arid how- soever bo ¿r sho may ' reappear. Thero is another still more radical1 defect in - the conception of Lanra. . How a pure-minded .and^ingennons young woman, put .fcdcrl no particular, pressure-neither driven to it" by domestic per- secution, nor by the, want of ahorne, nor even beguitid ny che attraction af ¡níprovéd'positfon'íhould,' when -nothing but an effort of the will seemed necessary, to^deliver her from th9 engagement, voluntarily marry one, man while con- scious of preferring another, is a mystery which the clever mechanist who¡sets all, in motion takes BJ trouble to solve. .\Ve are riot. even' impres/ed with' the . Idsa that Laura's dead father hai set any special charge upon her on thejsab jectj' or ijiveli' the-'prospective -marriage anything inore; solemn than bis approval; ,Yet Mr. ; Wilkie Collins t drives. ' bis sensitiva.ona delicatehexoine,'wilhóut any rvason In the world for the silcrifice)'mto'a'marrlo'fe whfon sh'eF regards witlihorror -'toakesher drfve'awayherioTerj and'half-ktll: her-elf in the èflort'tô give bim'.up,. and r.ther bolds her up. ás the victu-mcf «n.eievated san^e pf duty,whea,at tho oust of alljthese agonies, she fulfils her engagement, and ' becomes tba unhappy wife,'of.'Slr,tercivaT Glyde.; Bad morals under any explanation-; 'bdt-whea'nö real réasón ex-' isis, absolute folly as-well,-and anrineffaceab.e blot upon a character meant ¿o be every thing, that is womanly and, tender and pure.. It wis necessary td m'irry the two'^ior tbs exigencies of the story; but the a'utaor of the'story' hssshewn-himself too macha master of the arts of fiction to be tolerated^ iq anni, a slovenly picoa of work M thia. A lUljla mo-ev para jo.,tba arrangements of the marriage-a litttte less of TolaniarT^actiog on the/part of'L»uok?nay. even the ha?kneyedexpedîenv6f Ï:soVran*deatn%edMiartre froin her father, o« "obligation en hit part to th« undesirable brideiroom -wonjd hare giren the heroine a mich greater bold opon the sympathies of the reader, which we are sorry to say, she loses entirely after the very first scenes. Neither is the setret which mikes so mncb commotion in the beginning nf the action, and proves at last ? so totally unimportant to the matter in hand, managed very skilfully. Seme fattie efforts Wt>re undeniably necessary to enhance the final succe's ; bat this thread, which, after we bare fol- lowed it so long, is snapped so snmmaritly, wants more care'ul interweaving with the web io mike it effective. Mr?, rtatherick is a dUagceble apparition, and the bow ex- torted from ber clergyman a false effeot of the Dickers ?ahool. But these are lesser blemishes, whioh detract only momentarily fron the value of a picture' in which there is more genuine power of «nratie», with 1A>K nf fha nnmmnn .rhitmrir A .-na rítanla fnr eioHing it, than in any other contemporary prodnotion. I There can araroely bs a greater contrast between tri works which aim at something of a similar effect, tha there exists between Hr. Wilkie Collins's powerful story and the last work of his Master in Art.. Mr. Dickens's successes in sensation are great. Even in * Great Expec tations,' which is far from being one of his best works. h manages to impress distinct images of horror, surprise and pain upon the mind of his reader with vivid power and distinctness;; but his performances goon an entire' different principle, and use other agencies than those wbiol in the hands of his disciple, hei hten the eflect by the evi dent simplicity af the means. Mr. Dickens was one cf the first popular writers who brought pictures of what called common life into fashion. It is he who has been mainly instrumental in leading the present generation of authors to disregard to a great extent the pictorial advan tages of life on the upper levels of society, and to find counter-picturesqueness in the experiences of the poor But while this is the case, it is equally certain that Mr Dickens, for his own part, has never ventured to depend for his special effects upon the common incidents of life. He has shifted the fashionable ground, and sought his heroes among the penniless clerks and adventurers, as little be holden to their ancestors as to fortune. He has made washerwomen as interesting as duchesses, and found do mestic angels, among the vagabonds of a circus, on the very edge between lawlessness and crime ; but whenever he has aimed at a scene, he has hurried aside into regions of exaggeration, and shown his own distrust of the com min and usual by fantastic eccentricities, and accumula tions of every description, of high- strained oddity. The characters,upon,which he depends are not individual only with a due recognisable difference to distinguished them from their fellows; but always peculiar, and set forth will a quaintly exaggerated distortion, by which we identify in a moment, not the character described,but the author who has made it, and of whom these oddities are characteristic If were possible to quicken these curious originals into life, what an old crowd of ragamuffins and monsters would that be which should pursue this Frankenstein through the world ? In the flush of fresh life and invention, when Sam Wellers and Mark Tapleys led tho throng,we all awaited with impatience and received with delight the new oddities with which the great novelist filled his pages ;'but it is im- possible to deny that nowadays that fertile fulness has failed, and that the persistent devotion to the eccentric which has distinguished Mr. Dickens through all his literary life does now no longer produce fruits such as earn him our forgiveness for all the daring steps he takes beyond the modesty of nature. In his last work symptoms of a dangerous adherence to, and departure from his old habitudes, will strike most of his faithful readers. The oddity remains, but much of the character has evaporated. The persinges in ' Great Expectations are less out of the way, and the circumstances more so. Strange situations and fantastic predicaments have very much taken tho place of those quaint and overstrained but still life-like phases of humanity, in which the author used to delight. He nOw carves his furniture grotesquely, and makes quaint marks upon his friezes; but he has no longer patience to keep up the strain so long as is necessary for the perfection of a character. After an indication of what he means this and that figure to be,' he goes on with his story, too indifferent about it, one could suppose to enter into the old elaboration. The book reminds us of a painter's rapid memoranda of some picture, in which he uses his pencil to help his memory. After he has dashed in the outline and composition he scribbles a hasty ' .car- mine" or ultramarine" where those colours come. So the reds and blues of Mr. Dickens's picture are only written in. He means us to fill in the glow of the nataral hue from the feeble symbol f the word whbh represent« it, or perhaps to go ba-k in our memory to those forcible and abuudant days when he wrought out his own odd con- ceptions minutely as if he loved them. Perhsps it was not at any time the wholesomest kind of art, but it was cer- tainly much more satisfactory and piquant than now. ' So far as ' Great Expectations' is a sensation novel, it occupies itself with incidents all but impossible, and in themselves strange, dangerous, and excitiog ; but so far as it is one of the aeries of Mr. Dickens's works, it it feeble, fatigued, and colourless. Ose feels that be must have got tired of lt as the work went on, and that the creatures ,he had called into being, but who are no longer the lively men and women they used to be must have bored him un- speakably before it was time to cut short their career, and throw a hasty and impatient hint of their future to stop the tiresome public appetite.' Joe Gargery the blacksmith alone représents the ancient mood of the author. . He js as gonod, as true, patient, and affectionate, as ungrammatical and confused in his faculty of speech, as could be desired; and shields the poor little Pip when he is a child on his hands, and forgives him when ho is a man too grand for tho blacksmith with all that affecting tenderness and refinement of affection, with which Mr. Dickens has the faculty of making his poor blacksmiths and fishermen much more in- teresting than anything he has ever produced in tho con- dition of gentlemen, Near Joe's abode, however, dwell i a'ady who is intendo I to hare much more influence upon, the fortunes of the hero than is humble protector. Here is the first sight of Miss Havisham and her surroundings, as they are disclosed to little Pip and to the reader:- ' 1 " I entered, arid found myself in n profy large room; well (lighted .with wax candles, No glimpse of daylight .was to ba seen in it, . It was a dressing-room, ss.1 snp poied fi¿m the Inrnit'ire th lugh mu .h of it was of forms and uses then quite uuknosn to me But prominent in i t , was.a drabbed ' able, with a gilded looking-glasu, a'd that I made out at first sight to be a' linei lady's dreBsing-table. I Whethar I should .have made; out this object so, s on if tliero had been no Sue, hidy sitting at it, I cannot say. In, ari arm-chair, with an elbow resting'on t lu. table, and her' head leaning on that'han J, sat the strangest lady I1 have eyer'seon, or shall over i.eè. . 'i t '.> .-¡ :o.í.> it '»Soo was'drerséd inrioh "materials-satins and laces and. silks-all of white., ; Her shoes, were white, and .she bad a long,-white veil, dependont from 'her hair ¡ añil she had (.ricial flowers In her hair ; but her'hair was white. Sorna bright Jewels sparkled on her neck and on her hands, and some other jewels lay sparkling on the table. Dresses less splendid than the.dress'she wore, and half-packed, trunks, were acattTed about.- ¿he hod not quite finished dressing, ¿OT she had but one shoe on-the other was on the table near her hand ; her veil was but half-arranged ; her watch arid chain 'were not pnton, and some lace for her bosom lay with those trinkets, and with her handkerchief-ond gloves and somo flowers, and o p-ayer-book, all confus* ily heaped about the looking-glass. It was not in the first mo- ment that 1 saw all these'things, thóngh . I saw more I of them in'the first moment» than might-oe supposed. But I saw tba', everything within my view whioh ought to bo, white; bsd been white long ago, and had lost its lustré, .and, was faded and yellow. 1 saw,that tbe bride within the bridal.dress'had »ithered like the dross' «nd like the flower-, and had no brightness-left bat'the brightness' o'' her sunken eyes I »iw that tbedresshad l rounded figure of a young woman, nui tho tho tigure upon which it now hun^ tooso had shrunt to skin and bone. It was. when I stood before her, av'oi Jing ber Otes, that I took noto of the surrounding objects in detail, and saw, that her watch had stopped at twenty ? minutes to nine, and that a clock in the room had stopped at.twenty minutes to nine., ,., .., j, i.i . ,, .. j . i " " " ' Look,. at me,', said. Miss Davisbam ; ' yon ' a-e sot afraid cf a woman who has' njver seen the tun since yon werebornl*'' ' ? . ;il ; * '' :.. .t».-- .'? : \ . ' " I regret to state that' I was not afraid of telling, the enormous lie comprehended in tho answer* >'o^ ! Do you know wb'at I touch here?' abe said,'laying her nani's, ose npon the other, on her left side. - . * Te« ma'am. ' - - ' . t - : . ? : ? . "« What do I tooan t* -f ?j " 'Yourheart.'. ' ? .*« « Hroken I ' , ' ' . ' "She uttered the word with an eager look and with strong emphasis, and with a weird smile that had a kind of boast in it. 'Afterwards, sho-kepthor hands that o fir a little while,1 and slowly tcok them'away, as if they were heavy.»'. ; ... ,.. . .(,,..., .... ' ! ' ' This is fancy run mad." As the story progresses, we learn that this poor lady, who is perfectly sane, much as appear ánces are against her, has lived in this miraculous condition for five- and-twenty years. Not very long ago we heard an eminent Scotch divine pause in the' middle of his exposition to assure his hearers that it was not necessary to believe that the garments of the children of Israel were literally pre served from the wear and tear of the forty years in the wilderness but simply that God provided them with cloth- ing as well as food. ' We should like to know what the reverend gentlemen would say to that wedding-dress of Miss Havishsm's which, in five-and-twenty years, had only grown yellow and faded,-but was still,it appears,'extant in all its integrity, no tatters being so much as inferred, except on the shoeless foot, the silk stocking on which had been trodden ragged. " In this ghastly company lived a pretty young girl called Estella, whom Miss Havisham had reared with the avowed intention of avenging her own wrong against men in general by breaking as many hearts as poss bie. The unlucky little Pip is the first victim selected. -He is brought there to be operated upon in the special hope that ne may learn to love Estell*, and by her means have his heart broken — though the unfortunate little individual in question, has no connection whatever with the breaking of Miss Havisham's heart, nor any other title to be con sldered as a representative of male humanity. If startling effects were to be produced by any combination of circum stances or arrangement of still life, here, surely, was the very scene for a sensation. But somehow the sensation does not come. The wretched old heroine of this masque rade is, after all, notwithstanding her dire intentions of revenge upon the world, a very harmless and rather amiable old woman, totally incapable of any such determined folly. Estella grows up everything she ought not to grow up, but breaks nobody's heart but Pip's, so far as there is any evidence, and instead of carrying out the benevolent intentions of her benefactress, only fulfils a vulgar fate by marrying a man without any heart to be broken, and being miserable herself instead. Here there is the most perfect contrast to the subtle successes of the "Woman in White.' Mr. Dickens's indifference or langour has left the field open to his disciple. With the most fantastie exag- geration of means here is no result at all achieved, and no sensation produced opon the composed intelligence of the reader. The shut-up house does not deceive that wary and experienced observer ; he waits to see what comes of the bridal dress of twenty-five years' standing, and its poor old occupant ; and as nothing in the' least startling comes of either the one or the other, declines to be exalted on the subject. The whole of this scene, and of the other scenes which follow in this house, and the entire connection between Miss Havisham, Pip, and Estella, is a failure. It is a mere piece of masquerading which deceives nobody, and carries to the utmost bounds of uninteresting extravagance that love of the odd and eccentric which has already brought Mr. Dickens to occasional misfortune in his long and well-deserved round of success. * ' - Tu be continued. 