SIR BULWER LYTTON'S EARLY FICTIONS. (By an Evgtùh Critic) To merely collèct into a volume the axioms and maxims from the works of Bulwer would be a most interesting task. and it would form a rich volume ot lessons on all sides of human nature In none of our novelists have we any wealth at all approaching to this. These writings abound with epigrammatic sen- tences reminding us of Voltaire and of Rochefaucault. They sparkle like crystals ; they shoot forth dark and keen darts of light, or fire of satire, or observation re- memerable and pertinent as the sayings of strong thinkers, or the lines of great poets. It is noticeable that they abound more in the earlier works ; there is a spitelul feline brilliancy about many of these say wet.,-not unlike the blue spaik we think we extract <iom the cat wftpn we stroke her backwards in the ¿umpires room. This is a characteristic of these men, and the minds that have observed the world without learning the great lessons of love. Now, much, of that pertinent smartness which we admire derives all its force from petulance and spite-from hate and spleen ; for what is satire, but imagination sharpened on the hone of hate or scorn ? All the first works of Bulwer represent the phase of moral history in which the world it. despised." At any rate, this is the effect the artist has preduced. Every one of them is the im-ight of icirn into the world's hollow heart, and thtrtfore they all abound with the smart sayings of philcsi pnic wit. Yet we have no right to identify the writer with these characters, although he must have Feen them and lived through them. Wit may exist in the mind in aesthetic proportions, not vicious deformities. It may be the acid in the cup of life, without poisoning the whole cup. In the early -volumes of our writer we have far more wit than humour; indeed, the humour seldom ap- pears at all. There is a sharp, pungent querulous Less when speaking of the world and the world's ways, exhibiting more painfully the sore heart and the unsatitfied spirit-the fox gnawing beneath the Spartan cloak. "Wit arises in us from our seeing things in angles. Wit is the wintry frost-the sharp needle-point stinging the skin. Humour is the water of life, genial and warm in the summer sunshine. They ate both the essence of life; but the one beneath the trost, the other beneath the sunbeam. The language of Wit is, " I laugh and I despise ; " the language of Humour is, " I laugh, but I love." Hence we find truly enough that Wit is more the pro. petty of bad men, as Humour is the mental property i>f good men. Wit draws keen, swift distinctions ¡ Humour modifies, and shades, and softens character. Humour is the language of feeling ; Wit is the result of spi.eful thought. ''The Caxtoïis" of our author is a votk of genuine humour. But in most of our au thoi'B other woiks Wit is predominant. Mental ovclvenieut rather than moral teaching. These writ- ings strike UB as those of one who would love men if he could trust them, but the first thought to all men is to FUBpect them. That is what the world does for u«. And he has certainly drawn to the very life a gallery ol veTy bad men, repeating that portrait, how i ver, in mai.y instances. Thus Lord Mauleverer, in " Paul Cliff, rd," ÍB just the same person as Lord Lil- burn, in " Night and Morning," or Lord Yargrave, in " Ernest Maltravers," and Corporal Bunting, in " Eugene Aram ; " and certainly one of the most per- lt ctly rich and natural of all our author's paintings ia only a Li bum or a Mauleverer wanting their rank or oppoitui'itj tor vice. Bulwer, in his early _writings, Biemtd to be related to the family of humanity rather bj the blain than the heart. His heart is large and intense. And we see occasionally, nay, frequently, how rich his affections are which, mostly slumber ti J et e ; but it is the brain that has been most taxed and laborious. The brain is his most restless and fmid foice. There is a bharp intellectualisai over all his writings. We scarcely know another writer who has eaten so much of the forbidden fruit. And you tnnnot read without yourself plucking too of tbe tree of knowlege ot good and evil. He has trodden reat )t Bsly and gloomily through the regions of dark kno w lcdge and occult ideas. We do not say there is not niuch moral surgery in these writings, but the writer comes immediately to the surgery from the dissecting room. Moral morbidity frequently meets us, and then we bave the wit-the wit of the ghastly old scarecrow. Lord Mauleverer, his scheming old brain wigged, and hie leathern jaws rouged, and Irom his nightcap pleasantly laying plans for the seduction or marriage of innocence. His wit-like Lilburns-they disgust us; they are like the putrid exalations of the blue \i<mpyre light which go creeping about over graves ard eharrels. Ihus the reader will find, in the course of the work, abundance of those wise aphoiisms of life, intuition, and experience, with which all, and especially the latest works of the writer, abound. Many of them may be reearded as the proverbialism of the super- natural. We will venture to quote a page of these brilliant and rememberable words : Conscience.- " The prime element of a sound under- standing ÍB conscience itself." Prayer.-" Uf all general laws, I know of none rrore general than the impulse which bids men pray, all the phenomena of nature we can conceive, however stuitling and inexperienced, do not make the brute proy ; but there is not a trouble that can happen to man but his impulse is to pray,-always provided, in- deed, that he is not a philosopher." TI oman.-" Between the outward and the inward worran, there is ever a third woman-such as the while human being appears to the world-alwayB mai tied, sometimes masked." ¿culand Conscience.-"Thereis no conscience where Boulia wanting." A Lost Soul.-" When the mortal deliberately allies himself to the spirits of evil, he surrenders the citadel of his being to the guird of his enemies. The intellect, armed by the passions, has beseiged and op pretsed the soul; but the soul has never ceased to repine and to repent." Modern Spiritualism.-" I feel a fear lest in the ab soibing interest of researches whioh tend to increase to a marvellous degree the power of man over all mat- ters, animate or inanimate, I may have blunted my own moral perceptions, and that there may be much in the knowledge which I sought and acquired from the pure desire of investigating hidden truths, that could bo more abused to purposes of tremendous evil than be likely to conduce to benignant good." The Facts of Forbidden Knowledge.-" They are the keys to masked doors in the ramparts of nature, which no mortal can pass through without rousing dread sentries never seen on this side of her wall." Scientific Errors.-" The mistake we make in some science we have specially cultivated is often only to be seen by the light of a separate science as specially cultivated by another." Contemplation.-" The soul has need of pauses of repose-intervals of escape, not only from the flesh, but even from the mind. The soul has a long road to travel-from time to eternity. It demands its halting hours of contemplation." Slander.-" The adder ¡that dwells in cities Slander." The Teaching of Nature.-" It is with some charac- ters as with the subtler and more ethereal order of potts. To appreciate them, we must suspend the course of artificial life. _ In the city we call them dreamers ; on the mountain top we find them inter- preteis." Spirits.-"The first blockhead we meet in our walk to our grocer's can tell us more than the ghost tells us ; ihe poorest envy we ever aroused hurts us more than the demon." The Credulity of Sceptics.-" « The human mind,' said Luther, ' ÍB like a drunkard on horseback ; prop it on one side, and its falls on the other.' So the man i who is much too enlightened to believe in a peasant's | religion, is always sure to set up inane superstition of his ewn," It would be very easy to lengthen by many pages thefe short happy utterances. They are abundantly strewn along the pages of the work. PAINS OP EARLY RISINO.-It is most depressing and miserable work, getting up at candlelight. It is impofcsible to shave comfortably ; it is impossible to find anything you want. "Sleep," says Sancho Panza, "covers a man all over like a mantle of com- fort ; but rising before daylight envelopes the entire being m perfect misery." An indescribable vacuity makes itself felt in the epigastric regions, and a leaden heaviness weighs upon heart and spirits. It must be a considerable item in the hard lot of domestic ser- vants, to have to get up through all the winter months m the cold, dark house ; let us be thankful to them, through whose humble labours and self-denial we find the cheerful fire blazing in the tidy breakfast parlour when we find our way down stairs. That same apartment looked cheerless enough when the housemaid entered it two hours ago. It is sad, when you are lying in bed of a morning, lazily unconscious l-iíiat Clrclin8 amplitude of comfort, to hear the rt?o 4W7 of.the P°or »weep outside ; or the tread of Í«_.ÍS_°X Rds Bhlve,inS "°y in their garments n»T nf £e ßreat 00itîn miíl. glaring %pectral out of its many windows, but at least with a cosy suggestion of warmth and light. Think of the re.V^' ii**10- lose in the dMk °f midnight, that W? roll.B m,ehí aPPear on your breakfast table ; 5T^»*T*"' l?tellißfnt. active, accurate to à degree that you careless folks who put no pointe to your letters have little idea of, whSse labours haye given you that damp sheet which in a little while will feel so crisp and firm after it hu been duly dried, ' and which will tell y«u all that is going on over all be world, down to the opera which closed at twelve, and the pttiurnentary debate which was not over tilt half, past four. It is good occasionally to rise at five on a JDocember morning, that you may feel how much you are iniebted to some who do ao tor your sake ali winter through. No doubt they get neeustomed to it ; but so you may ty doirg it always. A great many people living easy lives have no idea of the discomforts of rising by candlelight. Probably they hardly ever did it ; when they did, they had a blazing fire and abun. dant light to dreBS by, and even with these advan- tages, -which essentially change the nature of the emerpiise, they have not done it for very long.-The Lovntiy Portan. TUB BLESBINOB OP THE BIBLE.-What an illus trioi 8 book is the Bible ! It risen like a stream in lhe desert land-its souice in the akies, and its foun tain in the valley of the earth. It has rolled on, century after century, enriehing every land with veidure and beauty, reflecting all the glowing sky above it, diffusing "whatever things are pure, what- soever things are of good report," around it. It shines into the casement of the widow, like the light of the morning sun, and makes her heart sing with joy, and enables her orphan to lift htr eyes to the wide shore of the eternal sea, and to say, "Immensity ia my home, eternity is my lifetime; the mighty God that built the universe ia my Father, my Piirtion, my Friend." It plants in man's heart the hope of joy, the halo of glory and of immortality. It erects in man's conscience the rule of right and wrong. It is emphatically the standard of (Jhristiauity. Wherever that standard is unrolled, there freedom ¿ads it» noblest footing. " PA, DON'T YOU KNOW GOD ? " -These were the touching words of little Henry, as he sat upon the knee of his loving father, on one beautiful Sabbath morning. That father's love for his little buy was wai m and devoted, for he was not only u child of much promise, but he was the only object"of his pa ternal uiTtction. But, sad to relate, that talented and loving father was an infidel. For years he had be- lieved and taught that the Bible, God, and religion were but foolish fantasies for foolish minds. He mar- ried, however, a lovely lady, who not only believed in a God, but loved and worshipped Him. She had often consecrated little Henry to the Saviour whom she loved, nnd had taught him to lift his little heart to Him in prayer. Mr. B., the husband and father, although an infidel, was kind and indulgent ; and was so fond of the society of his darling boy, that he often took charge of him himself, while the wife and mother WBB absent at the house of God-the place (much as she loved her own home) dearer to her heart than any other on earth. It was during her abEence on such an occasion-when her prayers might even then have been ascending for the loved ones at home-that little Henry, looking up earnestly and lovingly into his father's face, inquired, " Pa, don't you know God?" The father, startled by the strange inquiry, gazed upon the little cherub before him, almost without the power of utterance. But little Henry, wondering that his dear papa had never spoken to him of the beautiful truths which his mo- ther had taught him, could not be satisfied without a reply. He continued, "Dear pa, don't you know Ood? Ma knows God." The unbelieving father could utter no words of reply, but, pressing his darling to his heart, tears of penitence and conviction were his only re-ponses. Nor need we add, that he found no peace to his trouble mind until he knew God as a loving Fa'her, thiough the atoning blood of a crucified Saviinir. Nor can we wonder that he still blesses that God for having given him the little questioner who so truly verified the Scripture-" Out of the mnuth of babes and sucklings thou hast perfected piaise." When this story was related, a few years since, by the father himself, he was then labouring in the western part of the State of-, as a succès-ful agent of one of the great benevolent societies of the day. He had resolved to consecrate to that God whom he had so mysteriously found, the talents which He had given bim. 