THE BURNETT ARGUS ANALYSED. To the Editor. of the Chronicle, : SIR, — A paragraph having appeared in the columns of your contemporary in reference to myself, with the intention of injuring my pros- pects, I beg spaoe to correct a few of tbe calum- nies therein contained. I was somewhat surprised to find you did not reply to the mendacious insult to yourself con- tained in that paragraph in Mr. White's last issue, but I beg you will excuse my warmth when I tell you that the (so styled) enemy of the Argus will not rest until he has spoken his mind; A portion of the paragraph runs as follows : — ' Besides paying for our correspondence, we paid to supply our friend with news. Mr. Loyau was engaged on our journal (the Argus) and we allowed him to write weekly the 'Ghost of Gayndah,' and other correspondent's .letters, from Gayndah for tbe Chronicle, for which our contemporary never gave him a fraction.' Did this look like enmity to our friend ? It must be apparent to everybody that it was derogatory to our best interest to entertain an enemy in our camp.' Verily. it is a camp, and no mistake. Here the 'ooba' of Gayndah— the ' family patty men,' so aptly described of old by the Ghost of Ban Bta— meets.t times .$0 discuss politics and form planB for tlie 'destruction of the poor tool ?who sells himself to their clique. ' Besides-paying for our correspondence, we paid to sajijfly^ottr friend' With news,' so' says Mr. White. ' Tbfcfollowingstatement respecting his u paymonte' may show the reader how great euoouragement I $ad to stay with him, and why I left. An 'agreement wa^'made between ns on 10th Fet|hiaiy,; the terins of which were that I was to aupplyhim with , information at the rate of £3 per week^or^iriotherwords, that 1 should act els eubredi^or and toportor. He paid me well enougb at Tfirst. but'graiiually fell off, and I left— not pa he asserts because I was an enemy in ,his oamp— but for pecuniary reasons. He ?till owes ine four guineas, whloh he promises ' some day in the. future to pay, hut which I dpn't expect, .and therefore -forgive the poor mean debtttr; believing him to be more in want of tbe tnon'ey than myself. The amount may enablefaitntopurcbase a banjo or tambourine, and again enliven the public with bis nigger meloAiee rather'than curse society with his hue and foolish writings. Arid now for' tbe honour of truth, let me put' Mr. White tw^-jplain questions. 'Did I not tell yon.beforeiyou;engaged my services, that I occasionally corresponded witb the Chronicle and Guardian, for 'Which 1 neither expected nor re ceived- payment ? - Bid I nat of my own free will leave you?',- I romained in Gayndah while it suited jne,«Dd tJibugh you say J am gone for good I may&iAgoiimtll; I see the Atgut shut ters clow^,-'or tbe^ j»^r -plfl1bfed under other management.' '? Of is a party now in ^larybotougli jgoing 'op to manage your paper. who has by hisowp statement ^omc uji expftj^'fromSrisbtineSat the instigation=and into whose^ower.tbs ? infortijnate nigger melo dist has-' completely; fatten. -snpport -of this statement! invito lie poblic to read that libel on tbe 'working (dasses of 'the- Burnett which appeared lately in ^their paper. In conclusion, let me add that I have not the ( Slightest intention of engaging with Mr. Busacott, even- supposing he were disposed to hire me. Let the public judge of me by the foregoing defence : and let Mr. White answer me in hiR hntterSy journal and whose circulation is jo eetonsfra, with his direst thunder aud most disreputable slang, — but I may yet live to see him puttiug up his shutters. I am, &c.;, GEORGE E. LOYAU. Maryborough, March 30, 1662. P.S. — Jt takes I scarcely know how many people to get out this great journal, and then the mail is often missed. The Maryborough correspondent's letters are compiled from the Chronicle in the Argus office; and as to the printers employed they told me they remained there with the hope of getting their wages at some future day. The belief is that a man with some brain would do a roaring stroke so long as lie kept clear of the ' happy family party,' into whose power ns I before stated, the unfortunate nigger melodist has completely fullen. G. E.t. 