KAPUNDA. [From our own Correspondent.] January 17. The bush fires alluded to in my last did no other damage than destroying the feed. The one fat Belvidere extinguished just as it had entered a stubble paddock; had it spread much further the result uright have been disastrous. The Ect. Mr. Bnssell was expected to hare delivered a lecture on " Ghosts," at Crase'e Boom, on the 10th instant; but, from some imeiplainod cause or otlser, be was prevented from attending. Mr. Seedham acted in his stead, but, unfortunately, the number was email, the number present being uot over 20, which may be sccouiffced tor by the heat of lite weather. The past week has been excessively hot, being almost insufferable for man or beast. Ou Monday a case of eoup-de-soleil occurred, at the Mine, to a little boy who was driving the whim. He was immediately taken to his home, where, under ebilful medical treatment, be b fast recovering. Wednesday last was the moat unpleasant day we have had this season —hot winds blowing as if coming from a furnace, with the usual accompaniment of dust. The ther mometer etoad during the day at 108 ? in the shade. Without fear of incurring " Lucy's" displeasure, I may inform you that the different denominations here have not been behindhand with their oilier brethren throughout the colony in holding their special religious services, and, considering the heat of the weather, they were generally well stftendod. The Bible Christians held their missionary services on Sunday last. Mr. Forstcr, from Mount Torrens, preached bqth morning and evening to a Urge con gregation. On che fwilcwing evening a public meet ing was held, in connection (hereunto, under the presidency of Ur. & Thomas, who, with several ministers and friends, delivered interesting and appro priate addresses. The harvest is drawing to a close, but the yield will be considerably lower thau u&s; eijieoted at the commencement of the season. I find that a criminal action for libel lias been in stituted by the Hon. T. Reynolds against the editor of the Northern Star, lor some comments on the evi dence of J. W. Ijtchfield, an insolvent, in hid exami nation at the Insolvency Court. 