THE NARRlNYEllI, OR TKIHHS OF THE LAKES AND LOWER MURRAY. (From the South Australian Register .) Worshii' of the Dead. The Narrinyeri point out several stars, and say they are deceased warriors who have gone to heaven (Wyirreewarre). There are Wyungare, and Xepalle, and the Manchingga, and several others. Every native expects to go to Wyirree warre after death. Tliey also believe that the dead descend from thence, and walk the earth ; and that they are able to injure those whom they dislike. Consequently, men who have been notorious iu life for a domineerine and revenceful disposition are very much dreaded after death. For instance, there is Karungpe, who comes in the dead of night, when the camp lire has burned low, and like a rushing wind scatters the dying embers, and then takes advantage of the darkness to rob some sleeper of life; and it is considered dangerous to whistle in the dark, for Karungpe is especially attracted by a whistle. There is another restless spirit — the deceased father of a boy whom I well know — who is said to roam about armed with a rope, with which he catches people. All the Narrinyeri, old and young, are dreadfully afraid of seeing ghosts, and none of them will venture into the shrub after dark, lest he should encounter the spirits which are sup posed to roam there I heard some admirable specimens of ghost storieB from them. In one case I remember the ghost was represented to have set lire to a wurley, and ascended to Heaven in the flame. The Narrinyeri regard the disapprobation of the spirits of the dead as a tiling to ho dreaded ; and if a serious quarrel takes place between near relatives, some of their friends are sure to inter pose with entreaties to the contentious parties to bo reconciled, lest the spirits of the dead should be offended at unseemly disputes between those who ought to be at pcace. The namo of the dead must not be mentioned until the body has decayed lest a want of sorrow should seem to be indicated by the common and flippant use of his name. A native would have the deceased believe that lie cannot hear or speak his name without weep ing. But the most direct way in which the reverence of these people is shown for the dead is in their funeral ceremonies. When a man dies they con clude at once that sorcery has been the cause of the mournful event, and that either iigadhuni or millin must have beou practiced agaiust him. Millin is a different find of sorcery from that de scribed in a previous paper. The first night after a man has died his nearest relation sleeps with bis head on the corpsc, in order that lie may ? ? ? — ?- ? - ? ? ? ? 1 be led to dream who is tho sorcerer that oiiused his death. Tlie next day tlio corp.io ip elevated on men's shoulders on a sort, of bier called ngaratta. The frionda of the doonaued then gather round, and several nr.mea are called out to try if the mention of them product's any effect on the, corpse. At last the nearest relative calls out the name of the person of whom be has dreamed, and then nn impulse towards him on the part, of the dead body is s-iid to be felt by the bearers, which they pretend they cannot re? sist, and consequently tliey walk towards liim. This impulse is the sign by which it, is known that tlio right name has heen called out. The deceased, still lying on the ligarratta, is then placed over a slow lire for a day or two, un til the outer skin blisters. This is removed with the hair, aud all the apertures of the body aro sown up. It is then rubbed over with grease aiuj red ochre, and set up naked on a sort of stago inside the wurley in a sitting position. A great lamentation and wailing is made at this time hy all the relations and friends of the dead man.' They cut their hair off close to the head, and besmear themselves with oil and pounded charr coal. The women besmear themselves with tho most, disgusting liltli ; they all beat and cut them* selves, and make violent, demonstrations of grief. All the relatives are. rarcful to be present and not to be wanting in the proper signs of sorrow, lest they should lie suspected of complicity in causing tint death. A alow tire is placed tinder tlic corpso in order to dry it. The relations live, eat, drink, and sleep under the putrefying mass until it is dried. It is then wrapped up in mats and kept in the wurley. During the time in which it is drying the female relatives relieve one another in weeping before the body, so as to keep some wo man always weeping in (ront of it. .\H this has very much the appearance of idolatry. Tho smoke rising round the red sitting figure, tho wailing women, the old men with long wands, with a brush of feathers at the end, anointing it with grease and red ochre—all these contiihiito to give one this impression of the whole scene, When any one leaves the wurley where the body is for ii few days, they are expected to stand be fore it, and weep and wail upon their return. However they manage the requisite amount of crying I novor could imagine. For one minute a woman will appear in the deepest agony of grief aud tears ; a few minutes after, the conventional amount of weeping having been accomplished, they will lltngb and talk with the merriest. 1 feel persuaded that fear has more to do with most of these exhibitions than grief, Bi)t the spirit of the dead is not considered to have been appeased until his relatives have avenged his death. They will kill the sorcerer' who lias caused it if they can catch him ; hut generally they cannot catch bin:, and often do not wish it. Most probably he belongs to some other tribe Qf the Narrinyeri. Messengers pacs between the tribes relative to the affair, and tho fjiends of the accused person formally curse the dead mau and all his dead relatives. This constitutes u casus belli. Arrangements are forthwith mado for a pitched battle, and tho two tribes meet in oompany with their respective allies. The tribe to which the dead man belongs weep and make a groat lamentation for him, and the opposing tribe sets some fellows to dance about and play antics in derision of their enemies. Then the whole tribe will set up a great laugh by way of further provocation. If there is any other cause of ani mosity between the tribes beside the matter of avenging the dead, thero will now be a pretty severe fight with spears. If, however, the tribes have nothing but tho dead man to fight about, they will probably throw a few spears, indulgo in considerable abuse of o.ipli other, perhaps one or two will get slightly wounded, and then somo of the old men will declare that enough has been dono. The dead man is considered to have been appeased by the efforts that have been made to avenge his death by fighting, and the two tribes are friendly again. In such a case the fight is ft mere ceremony. The lniir of the dead is spun into cord, wliieh is made into a headband, and commonly worn by men. They say that thereby they smell the dead, and that it makes their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight they are enabled to see the spears coming, and either to parry or avoid tliom. 