T'UESDAY, DEcW1a 8. , TI Present-All the Wardens.'i':' ":: gr The minutes of the last meeting wervm ead in confirmed. : i . :.., Ia STONE TOWERS '.a00ON ? A letter from .Caettiin W'odds,'dated lath to ,Nde'mbhr; urgln'g el e?a'ffedityr of placi lights on thea te towers atlagoon Bay, as .adand.._thb.Ii.ter .nWrdon.informed the in Bpptrd.that.':hehlad: forwarded: ancopy to `tho at Colonial,. Treasueiroeh I y CIemOlCur.AI, uEA na.. . - C C LA'A lotterif'ro M r F.J. 3 Holmesd, td 20th et November, 'aslnn if'it.wan the inteitinj of P' the Board to exeoute the' prbiosed repiir to the wharf 'at Circular Head this sammer, was also read.' .0. fl The Board agried to vote the s?m of £123 y if,the inhabiti 'ritise risd £75 .towards the o' work, to ',be airried odt according to Mr. i Ford's plan aiid tender, dated 24th Septem- 'lt bor, 1862. -' ? s nI.I.s.. oa OrUBs. :, mi The.o Master Warde n:reportbed H.M.SS.S. hi Orpheus having arrived at.tho.eHeads on Sun- t' day,.. tho23rd.ultimo, to land'-a 'mail for o1 England, and left again early on the following ai morning; and also read a letter (of which the following is a copy) addressed to the senior Pilot at Low Head, by Conmmodore h Burnett:- - SII.M1.. Orphoas, Lagoon Bay, Piver Tamar, 23rd Nov., 1802. e Sla,- Having arrived off'this port about 4 a.m. T this day, and having found you in the pilot boat It off the port at that curly hour ready to take my ship In without any delay, I take thieliberty of expressing to you my thanks for the ready atten. Ir tion Her Majesty's service has met with at the I pilot station under your charge, where every. thing appears to be in such good working order. I also take the liberty of thanking you for the asslstance you have been pleased to afford me in * forwarding my mails on thebo present occasion. n Should you deem this testimony to the effic . ciency of your pilot station of any value with those at the head of your department in Taa manic, I truist you will please to make use ofit. ' I am, Sir, c Your very obedient servant, a W. F. BusNBrr, - Commodore and Senior Naval Officer, Aus tralia. .. , To Mr. George Foster, in charge of the Pilot a Station,Lngooa Bay, ....lver Tamar. The Master Warden also drew attention to a report which had been circulated in the town r 'thatthe extravagant 'sum of .£85 had' "been dharged" for pilotage, and that in conheqIence the Commodore would not bringhis vessel up t to Launcestou, the fact being thht he only.t S'came in, as above mentioned, to land a mail for England. " The amount charged for'pilot- t a age was £28 8s. Id., and under the by.law of I s the board regulating the rate of' pilotago the c maximum charge is fixed for £3p, for. which ii sum the vessel would hIaveo'beein branght up had it been desired, but' from':her'gitr draught of water she could not have come ' higher than Freshwater Point.. ' STHE soCOONE ACTIVE. r A report from C. A. Begent, pilot in charge. of the schooner Active,, on thoe:grodnding of that vessel when going down the 'river was read; and the Master. Warden informed the 1 Board that Captain M'Doinald, nimaster of the Active,stated that no blanno'could beiittached to i, to the pilot, and that thoe yessel had` not sus. tained any damage. S eIiSCELLANEOUe.. . o The Board decided to renew the application :t, to Government for a portion of the cdmmis a sariafrground at the bottom of St. John.stSeet for the purposes of a coal and boat shed &o; : d The issue of a duplicate cheque ,to Mr. e Rooke, River.Mersey, in place of one mislaid, a was authorised. ... Reports from .the engineer and the pilot in p charge of the Tamar Tug, where laid on thb table. I n The Master Warden reported the following o receipts:for themonth.of November :--= i e dilotoge, Lannceston.;. ..." £118 13 6 Harbor dues, ditto.:.... .. .. 21-14" 0 n Towage, ditto ... 14 -':710 is Certificatoof exraniratlon,ditto " '"2: 10 t) I. Wharfago, ditto. 155 6 8 . Miscollaneous,ditto- . 0 3 0 1- Harbordues,River Mersey ;;. 1 8 8 d Ditto, Circular HeIadi .. 4 10 4 P, 4·: 18 12 0 Accounts for tho month oftNoyember ;were r. ~iiua for iPaymcot.` . , . Tho Board then rose. AT vns annual licenasitig ineeting at te Georgo ToFn on Monday, public-house licenses r were granted to I Al' Rluitley, Steam Packet 1t Tavern; Thos. Jones, British Hotel W. Barlow: \- Pier Hotel, all of George Town. Also to Mr ie Bacon; of.blount Directioil: : " Mn.'T. J. ,'KNoitT;, the new melm}ber fo for George Tohier Isa't psecant eon a, visit io hils d constitfudnts. jfmTn M1ielourne _Argus referring to-a B sale of cattle and sheep which was to take place' at Malvern, Victoria, sol Friday lost, says: g "Nearly fifty'heed (oif Herefords)are to be offered, to comprlsing many imported animals and. their to progny,easveitias some imported ,too, but e;oly to frilhti uaiunla,t where they woreomostly bred by 'I ih?t"brees y Company from Imported stock, the td he?rdFo'-this company being thoroughlyiestab mn lished and highly estimated there upwards of Stwentyyars ago." ' " LAUNo ESTON CGnADNnlitse AND AMiA rUas' loaTIncetrnaA-L SoclrsTr. ?The , lity first show of this societye tees plnce to:lday:in the SCoronwall Assembly Rooms, tlho doors being open 0 Itom 2 untll a p. m., and from.7 to 10p. m. A baud Is to be in attendance. A FooL AND A 'FooL.OnETIai.-.T-i'ro Tui E.EaoToRS or DaLonaAnB,-I :am deeply wI grateful.to you.for'thb highly .hohbrable'position wl in which you placed me byyour votes."Althougi in not your member, I shall never fail to prbniote t' -your beatinterests, while I possess thi:power, as do faithfully and earnestly as if you had elected me. pr "I had two motives in offering myself to yn as a St ifil c.; y·lril wnasi;iiyou cchosen me, lo oil introduce to you...goentleman, faithful to you wl and the colony, pt~ndoubthd' iltpegrityji'fnrwhoso do I.fvor:L would have: resigned, and for Whom I t would have asled your kind 'tuffragi. -'"T trust t such a gentleman would 'iaioe obtained your sup- w port. Mt ucxt was to oppose one; whom in my heart I believe' wasnever youer true friend, or Jo li'til?f the eolony: I wished to cause that bird to io fly from your-branches for ever. Gentleman. did to you ever hear the dialogue of the two.Yorkshire I 'armers. ; The' one searching ;for iis old mare, si met the other in the lane; and asked' him if he ad seen her.': The reply was-' Why naybour at es'Iwar?-boon'd dbona t' lane,; I spied a seoore or more of crowa iby the gutter side, all so throng, a hopping in and hopping out, I wondered what in at t' Wild they were shboot. I looked and seed an olddmear liad gasping'for breath, and onmost dead, and as they'pclked its eyne and. picked again, it jiust could lif its lig and give a groas, bcat.when I foind old d Daisy was their-.pray', I Waved m ny hat and shoo'd the crows away.' , Now, gentle moah, I think the colony was lately in'the posi tion of poor old Daisy; bnut I trust the late d elections will have the effect: of 'suool?o ALr d Tan CROWS AWAYr,' and that a brighter and happier fttairo: i yet 'in "stbor for our becntiful r and beloved country.'=.!"Geitlemen, ever your faithful faiend, WY. Rice ALLI.as, Richmond Park, Dec.2, 1862.'---" Sm,-- I and many other electors. of this;distriot have read with surprise and disgust, .the egotistical and importinent letter signed by Mlr1 W. Roce'Allilon. This gentleman, : who seems unable to contain himself since he was carried in on the shoulders of the party that is known to monopolise the'represontation of Hobart Town, although he was rejected by his own old constituency, has tihe unblushing assurance to tell a as that:if he had been elected for Deloraine, it was his intention to hand the seat over to someu nominee of his own, whose name he does not even condescend'to mention. Upon my word I I wonder what Mr. Allison tlhinks the electors of Deloraine are made of, that he expects them to swallow such. an impudent insult as this. If he had dared to S.sayas pauch before the' eletion ;came7off,-' I:ll engagge bhewould not have polled .half-.a.dozen a votes throughout the whole district. 'h6o Is Mr. a Allison tlatlie should haveitho power given him of handing over seats to: his nominee P Remem. h bering tihe signai -, defeat he sustained 'in his own district, lii second defeat hiere, and the sigjilficant hint that induced him to beat a f tlimely retreat from,. Oatlands, I think hIo. o might be a little'more modest. To what lengths I is his vanity carrying him P--A DELOInAtn P ELErTOnR. ON SUNDAY last two sermons were preached at Cressy by John Crookes, Esq.. on behalf of the Weslyen Sabbath School there. The chapel on both occasions was crowded, and numbers were unable to gain admittance. On the following.day the Rev. Mr. Lelean, in the presence of several friends, conducted the ex- amination of the children, and distributed the re- wards. Tho children Were then suitably ad- dressed by Isaac Sherwin, Esq. M.H.A.; after which they took tea. As soon as this was over, the public tea meeting, at which there was a large attendance, took place. From the report read it appeared that the school, which is under the management of Mr. Burton, is in a very flourish- ing state. Interesting addresses were delivered by the minister of the circuit and Messrs. Crookes, Sherwin, and Barton. The meeting broke up at seven o'clock. The net proceeds amounted to £13 T'IauD: Ma arr1:'ia of the Lu nces 9 ton Church Union will be held at the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening, at hoalf,-pat seven 6 o'clock. The choir meet for practicethis even ing. 0 A FATAvA'-A~ o ?acn 'occurred "yesterdoy 8 morning on board 'the three masted schooner 0 Agnes Jessie, which is loadidg. for Sydiney with 8 wheat, &c.; A i.is usual, the , wheat was placed on lboardtibybbeglog elided down a plank from the wharf, to . thc - hatch way, where it was slung and lowered. . Unfortou re nately, and for want, we presume, of due care, one bag fell,.before it could be slung,into the hold, and striking a seaman on the head, broke his neck, It cansing instant death. . Dr. . Maddox, who es happened to be in the nelghlborhood, ias called over, but of course medical skill was. then of no w avail. The ' msan . was a foreigner, and ir' his name was ' Andrew. Shabach. An In quest will be . held thi ' . morning at the Steam Packet Hotel. .We do not know what measure of blame, If any, attaches to any person in on board the vessel; but we may say that it is rather surprising than otherwise, .in view of the a carelessness so contionually shown in the loading of co vessels here, that such aceidents do not occur more frequently. Tatlt South Australiai .Reglster, reports ly that Captain PresBc, of thie brig Joihann, which arrived recently at Adelaide, from Sunderland,' be saw what he described as thie actld. of a sub b ' marine volcano'aboait.'thirty milek to.ttie: west of ward of Cape Bards, Kangaroo lland.' 'fiThle Register Ihlbks tihe matter nuliiciently interesting o and importanst 'to warrant investigotlon, not merely for scientific, but also for practledi, pur e poses; and observeasltht if active volcinto agencies are still at work upon tihe margin of' theSouth n Australian coast line, it Is possible that shoals or A isiands daiigerous to aavlgstiona might be formed with great rapidity. . : : A LaTsa, :rliteii a t)li1gal cu qdy t was received bn Tbesday frio Mr. R. T. EdWi ;o who started from town on last Thursday evening n in charge of the gold.diggifg party. l?e states ops that the party went as far as the NileotirThoirs. q day night, and after two or three hours' rest 1t proceeded on their journey, reaching Stony Creek on Friday, Istl. About flie o'clock; on Sat ridyy aftcrobn' they arrived at 'lidgsl, tin whore they remained until. Monday, n .whitch Th day they were to start for tio jhnttion of 'the ben Rivers Tyne with the South Esk, where prt they were going to set to workl ;, T:I y c h were greatly encouraged by the reports they Iheard. am sin S. OToIr onAPatiC- AtT:UNIob.- --ir, ;Henry, Jun.i, of Clailesastreet, atinouncesthat the idrwing for the" rizes In Ill Photographic Art Union will take pldee o'a'Newv Year's night at the Thleatro 7e Royal. There are to be 300 subscribers at four shillings each, and in addition tit a plhotographic portrait of himself or herself, every susletiher is O entitled to a chance for a number of. prizes con- ea sisting principally ofJewellery, &c.;, which are now wl on view at Mr Davis's establilhment, Brisbane street. e . ch CncarCET.-NonTIP V. Sonvrt.-Tho Lnnn- of ceston "Celts" lare forwarded a challenge to the mi HIobartTown " Colts" to p!ay thierm ..a mnatch at -Oric?eitdn iDoing Day, on'the groiund of the on Southern Tasmanian Cricket .Club. 'he chal- de lenge was received on Saturdav last, and, we un- as derstand, will be accepted early thiis week. WVe p do certainly admire the spirit which has indnrced a the Sooth so readily to betwarm- in the r matter, becausae it will be remembered last th season, thl Launceston " Juniors" addressed a similar invitataoo, whlch, in spite of the exertions Fe of several young cricketers in Hobart Town, was allowed to drop. It may, however, he said, thei Hobart Eleven will not be represented byuany player who, though a temporary resident?hele, is not actally a Soutllerner. . The match, apart a from its novelty, dlll be 'an ,iaterestiig: ti one. The Southerners may anticipate that the li team of their Northern friendi will be-very vt I stroog, so that little doubt 'eal exist tha th:tbo a t game will be fought properly. We;woald now takieoenasion to:hint to our young friendsiin the a two chief towns of the island to strictly bear; in r mind, with reference to the present mastch,' the signification of the term "colt," as applied to crialeters.. Our friends are assured, if tife sug. gestlion be not attended to, the whole affair cannot. bau be injored, since te interest that would be created by yoinng cricketers travelling some one hundred ?nd twenty maile~s to Ineeti fr a: friendly coitest' with-must we beg pardon? "-ounasters Jiket tclemselves, can -well be. Imagined. wYe believe the llitendlld match wilt' be the. maiden Instance in the, colonies at till events, of "Colis" goltin so lng a n distance in the tliopenif raturalos with Crihekitling lrels.- H. T d eriter. Tun Exotiasc MAii for October is doo at Melbourne to day; "As tile R.3M.S. Bombay is osually puictua;l, the Tdismaniat portion of the mill:may be expected to arrive by the as.oBlaek Swan in the course of toi-morrow. ST' ANDREW'ott CaHURCnu -Tnln third anni a versary of the Saanday Sclhol it connexion wltlh V thii chiri?h takes plico e.a. Sunday next, whilen sermons will be preached, morning and evening, by the Roe. B K. Ewling, and'collectiuons in aid of the funds of the school mado at the conclusion r of enach service. GnGnuen 'ow ENOLAhND.-WVO understand C several changes are in contemplation in conlec- I it tion with the Church of England.. It :is said the e Yea. Archdeaon Davies is about to reiire from I St. David's, and that be will bo succeeded by the y Rev. DIr. Quiter, at present Head Master of tile it Launccston Grammar Scheol.-Yesterday's Ad- I veerlier. Mis11s ArlTENe.-Judging from the pro gramme which appears in ouradvertisingcolumnns, \- ilss Aliken's frst entertainment at the Mechlian s' ics' Institute on Monday evening promises to be a rich treat. Tilis accomplished tragedienne is to be assisted by Miss Amelia Bailey, who'is highly * spoken of as a' soprano, and by Mr. Marquis Chisholm, a pianist and harmouiumnist, of no mean ability. - ir Ta Anb-LLsznr Roan will 'perform in b Princes' Square on Friday evening, comtlenclng t at quarter to seven o'clock-:- aPROOaAM.98. ' 'n MAlrch ...................... Glasgow a- VWaltzes ...................... tegatta - a. Sehottische ................. Amelia Galop ..................O. Oar Q' uadrilles .............. Bouquet of the Opera d, Polka ........................... Gloriania k, Galop ........................ Express to Varsorlanna ........... Golden Streamer :d Finale-God Save the Queen. A GooD Jotru.-After the death of Pope to Clement the Fourth, November 29th, 1268, so td great was toe discord among tie canrdinals assem a- tiled at Viterbo to name a successor, that the at Chair of St. Peter remained empty nearly three at years. .To remedy this, the Cardinals, for the irst time, were compelled to meet in- conoclave; a iand under tile custody of the Podes!', along with is the captain of hte city, Ranlero Gatti, were con le fined to a room of the pontifical palace. lHere of there violence increased, and their vociteroues it. o vocations for the Holy Ghost to aoulu down and re help them occasioned a witty Etnlishmanapreset, - *' ilCardiuale Giovanni Inglese," to suggest that perhaps the roof was.too thick.. ") DiscoUriaumo, Signori," Ioe 'exclaimled, 'il tetto dli qilesta es. h menra, perchl non voolo forsO to Spirito Sattu el o , trare dove noi siamo, per tlllti tehi" .. Tllis idlea ihe energetic Gatti carried out, anld remoedsl the roof; but the Cardialls contiinned nsobstilte n. ti efore ; and it was only by diminishing tlleir daily to rations thatl they were evonulr lly starved inito ig agreement, nnl named a nle Pope.. of A DIFERENCE:.-A onco popular. clergy. r- man, after many years of service and succres, lamented to a friend the contilnal decrease of Ilos en congregation. "I think,"' said he, '?Imust now th get a new set olfsermons." "Not atsll necessary, or my dear brother," replied the:friend a " what you ad want il, not a new set of serniols, but a new set of teeth." 'e QGLe I o t nbragl p lafgotof two ' onnes"tl wefgbt, ?od rmnsuarlng about:0 of an?l. inch by I 6 Ittol, or a square of rathber oaderW-' 9-10ths of an inch, is by the first, or rolllo:L_. operatifo, brounpht at once to a surface of ' nquaroInt'hies. This, after the first beatiog it the " cutch," as broughl to 2880 eqoare ilches ; after the second heating, the 2880 hecome .11,620 square incl?s; nod fllnalytlo; maollcnretoeln will 'be 40,080 square filches, excluaivo of' small per. tions which are beaten offiby unequal ' exenslon, Th?4 i. la sangular result of a possible, thoughl ? 'laboreoes, operation, that two ounces of gold can be beaten out into 320 square feet; and Isanother proof that soine at the practicable processes of rhmroni art are, wh?ell made known, not a little surprising old remarkable. The average extea elun is 200 rettu tIhe two opnces. 