CIRCUIT COURT. Tuesday, 14th October. (Before his Honor Mr. Justice Williams and common juries.) The business of the Court was delayed awhile, owing to the absence of witnesses and jurymen. CHILD MURDER Anne Mooney (28) pleaded not guilty to an indict- ment for murdering her infant child at Black Hill, Burrumbeet, on 21st December last. The prisoner was defended by Mr Finn. Mr Dunne, in opening the case for the Crown, said it was a very peculiar one. There would be evidence of the birth of the child, and of its being seen alive by several witnesses. Subsequently the child, a boy, was missing, and the prisoner said he was dead and buried. A police investigation ensued, when the prisoner made a declaration which he regarded as the main if not the whole evidence against her. In that declaration (witnesses were here ordered out of court) she avowed that she made away with the child because of the ill-treatment she re- ceived from her husband. But it should be remembered that people in her class of life and in her situation sometimes failed to tell the truth, in the hope of exonerating themselves from blame. Juries should, at the same time, be extremely cau- tious in convicting a prisoner upon the prisoner's own statement, while it was proper to bear in mind that in cases of murder it was often the criminal alone who could state how the crime was committed, and that such a criminal was not likely to make a statement that would criminate himself and yet be false. It would be for the jury to place their own construction on the prisoner's confession and on the other evidence, and to arrive at what he hoped would be a verdict satisfactory to their own sonsciences and the merits of the case. Mary Bourke, a married woman, deposed nothing pertinent to the case. Her husband was also put in the box and sworn, but was asked no questions. The witnesses having been examined at the inquest were now formally called for cross-examination only. Catherine Doolan, wife of Martin Doolan, Sago Hill, deposed that she knew the prisoner, who, with her husband, lived at Learmouth's out station at Black Hill. From something she heard from the prisoner's husband she went to the prisoner's house in December last, and found the prisoner alone and undressed on her bed, with a new-born child. It was a live male child. Mrs Gildier also came, and they cut the umbilical cord and washed and dressed the child, remaining there over an hour. Never saw the child alive, or dead either, after that. About ten days after, the prisoner came to witness' place, and wit- ness said "It's a pity that the child died so soon." and the prisoner said it was buried in the garden. Cross-examined—I gave the baby my own breast. It looked nice and healthy. Honor Gildier, a married woman, at the Black Hill station, deposed in corroboration of the forego- ing evidence. She never saw the child alive or dead after the first day; but on the following Thursday she saw tue prisoner, who said the baby was buried. She pointed out the place in the garden where the child was buried. That was in her husband's pre- sence. Mounted constable Michael Flannigan deposed that he was stationed in the Belfast district, and he arrested the prisoner in September last near Mort lake a distance of 150 miles from Sago Hill. Two days after the arrest the prisoner said it was only for Mooney's bad treatment to herself she had done away with the child. After that she said to her husband, "It's all your own fault or I wouldn't be here ; you said you wouldn't rear it because it was a bastard." Mooney said nothing. After that, went with Mooney to Burrumbeet, and Mooney took up a gin case out of the ground. Witness opened the box and saw the remains of an infant child in it. Left the box and contents with Quartermaster Sergeant M'Allister. Cross-examined—I did not tell the coroner all I knew about it, as I did not remember the date of the prisoner's talk to her husband as already stated, I kept back that important infor- mation became I did not remember the date exactly and had not got with me my memorandum book in which I put down the words used. Mounted constable Robert Boyle, stationed at Burrumbeet, corroborated the evidence as to the disinterment. Henry Paul Leman, surgeon, deposed that he performed a post mortem examination on the remains of the child. The child was mature, and exhibited no signs of fracture. This was the case for thc Crown and Mr Finn began to address the jury for the defence, when the prisoner, who all through the case had kept an un- moved countenance, exclaimed that she was brought into it wrongfully, and she had done no such thing as was said. Mr Finn continued his address, and commented pointedly upon the omission by Flannigan of the woman's confession when he gave his evidence be- fore the coroner. He argued that there was no evi dence of guilty concealment, nor of the woman and her husband being on ill terms, and that in fact there was not the ghost of a case against the pri- soner. His Honor in summing up told the jury that the omission of the woman's confession by the constable Flannigan at the inquest was very singular, and should weigh with them. Then the other evidence showed that there was no attempt at concealment of the child's death and burial, and it was not likely that the woman would have so avoided concealment if she feared detection of something wrong. The jury acquitted the prisoner after a few se- conds' deliberation, and the latter bounded out of court, smiling her pleasure at being free again. NOLLE PROSEQUI Charles William Coates, a medical man accused of manslaughter, was not proceeded against, the Crown entering a nolle prosequi. FORGERY. Donald Frazer (40), pleaded not guilty to a charge of forging an acceptance and uttering the same. Mr M'Dermott defended the prisoner. A juryman named Whelpdale was permitted to withdraw from the jury at his own request, as he was an acqaintance of the prisoner. Witnesses were also ordered out of the court at the request of the prisoner's counsel. Thomas Davey, ironmonger, Armstrong street, de- posed that he had business transactions for the last three years with the prisoner, a blacksmith at Lear - month. In June last the prisoner owed witness about £40 or £42, and was repeatedly asked for it. The letter and acceptance produced came to witness's office, and appeared to be in the handwriting of the prisoner. The letter tendered the bill, purporting to be accepted by a William Barron, in part payment of what the prisoner owed. The drawing and en- dorsing of the bill were in the same handwriting. Never got any money for the bill. Cross examined —I opened the letter myself. I will not say I ever saw him write, but I frequently received letters from him. William Barron, a ploughman in the employ of Mrs MitchelL at Learmonth deposed that he neither accepted the bill nor authorised any one to accept it for him. He kept no account at the Bank of Aus- tralasia. Cross examined—I am always sober. I have had several business dealings with the prisoner, and always thought him honest till now. Thomas Sincock, late detective officer, proved the reception of the prisoner on remand, and the recep- tion of the bill. This was the case for the Crown, and Mr M'Der- mott having addressed the jury for the defence, His Honor briefly summed up. The jury retired to deliberate upon their verdict, and returned into Court after a short absence to ask the witness Bar- ron how many bills he had accepted. The witness said he had never accepted a bill at all. The jury then retired again, and came back, finding the prisoner guilty, with a recommendation to mercy on account of his previous good character. His Honor sentenced the prisoner to two years' on the roads, saying the sentence would have been four years but for the previous character of the pri- soner and the recommendation of the jury. FORGERY AND UTTERING. Donald Frazer, the prisoner in the last case, pleaded not guilty to a charge of forging and utter- ing an acceptance. In both cases the prisoner pleaded inaudibly, and with a look on the floor or askance at his counsel. The bill in this case purported to be accepted by one "William O'Brien," and endorsed by the pri- soner. The evidence of dishonor was given as in the last case by the witness Davey. William O'Brien, a farmer at Learmonth, de- posed that he did not accept the bill nor authorise anybody to accept it. He never accepted but one bill in his life, and that he paid. He had dealings with the prisoner. This was the case for the Crown, and counsel for the defence having addressed the jury. His Honor summed up, and the prisoner was found guilty of uttering. Sentence—Two years on the roads, to begin after the completion of the previous sentence. INDECENT ASSAULT Henry Doughty (28) pleaded not guilty to an in- dictment for indecently assaulting a little girl named Margaret Jane Rowell, under two years of age. Mr M'Dermott defended the prisoner. This was the case of assault committed in the house of Mary Ryan, in Doveton street, during tthe absence of the person in question, who was the child's mother. As the case was recently before the public in our police columns, a brief summary of the evi- dence, details of which arc unfit for publication, will suffice. It appeared that the prisoner, a married man had been drinking in the house of the woman Ryan, an "unfortunate female." While the woman was temporarily absent to procure more liquor, the infant was brutally assaulted in her private parts and when the mother returned the child accused the prisoner of the offence. The mother then attacked the man, who escaped from the house, but was afterwards arrested. Several witnesses corroborated the evidence of the woman, and two medical men testified to the abominable injuries inflicted upon the child, but exonerated the prisoner of the graver charge of rape. Mr Dunne tendered the child for examination, but the Court ruled that the child was too young to understand the nature of an oath, and the tendered evidence was rejected. Mr M'Dermott addressed the jury for the defence, which he rested on the presumption that the evidence of a prostitute was not to be believed in assertion of so horrible and incredible a crime, and as against a married man. His Honor summed up in favor of a conviction, putting it to the jury that however unreliable a prs- titute's evidence might be, the evidence of the car- penter Ardell, a respectable man, who was not even examined, was conclusive in corroboration of the mother's evidence. The jury, after retiring, found the prisoner guilty. His Honor addressed the prisoner seriously and pointedly, and sentenced him to three years on the roads. REMANDED. John Duff, accused of larceny, was remanded to the General Sessions owing to the absence of a witness named Charles Gibb, whose recognisance was estreated. Mr Donne—It is a strange thing, your honor, out of thirty or forty cases not one to go on with. His Honor-Very; I dont understand it. The calling of absent witnesses still went on. A whole batch were ready in a case of forgery, but a bank clerk name! James Black, from Geelong, was not forthcoming, and the Crown Prosecutor said he could not go on with the case. A telegram said the witness was attending the Police Court in Geelong. His Honor-But who is he. Here is a whole lot of witnesses here at a great cost to the country for nothing because of the absence of one. This is the Supreme Court, and it was his duty to attend on the subpoena, I don't think the excuse sufficient. The Crown Prosecutor said he was quite ready himself in any case, and the police had made all possible endeavor to get the witnesses here. He per- fectly exonerated the police. His Honor-Well we will wait and see if this James Black comes by the train as he says. Let therest of the witnesses be kept here so that the case may go on if he comes. EMBEZZLEMENT. Belford Start is, (30), late a waiter of the Earl of Zetland Hotel, pleaded guilty to an indictment for embezzling £3 10s, the money of his employer. I His Honor having read the depositions, called William Brown, the prisoner's late employer, who I deposed that the prisoner was with him three months, and he discharged his duties very honestly until the crime in question. He did not wish to press the charge against bim, but begged mercy for him, the more as he had a wife and child. His Honor told the prisoner that because of his pleading guilty, and because of his previous good character, his sentence would be light and not one for the roads as otherwise would be the case. Sentence-Six months' imprisonment. LARCENY. John Galt (33), pleaded not guilty to an indict- ment for stealing jewellery, the property of Thomas Clarke. Mr Finn defended the prisoner. Habbah Clarke, landlady of Clarke's Hotel, Soldiers Hill, deposed that on the 6th September last there was to be a raffle thereof a ring, a chain, and pair of ear-rings. Those things were on a shelf in the bar within reach of any one standing at the bar counter. About midnight the prisoner came in sober and asked if the raffle had come off. She left the bar a minute and on her return she saw that the box of jewellery was in the same place, but with the wadding disturbed. The prisoner asked to see the jewellery and when she went to the box she found it empty. Her husband came and charged the prisoner with the theft. The prisoner denied the theft but took off his coat, shifted about from place to place in the bar, and as he shifted his place the jewellery was all found about the floor, except the ear-rings which were not found till Sergeant Grant came and found them near the prisoner. Several other witnesses were examined; and the defence was that theevidence did not support the charge. The prisoner was acquitted. FORGERY AND UTTERING. John Phillips (40) pleaded not guilty to an indict- ment for forging and uttering a certain money order or cheque, purporting to be signed by one John Hamlin or Hamilton for £9. Thomas Devereux, a wheelwright, deposed that on the 22nd April last the prisoner came to his workshop at Ballan and asked him to go and get some goods for him, giving him a cheque to pay tor the goods with. The cheque produced was the one to the best of his belief. Did not know the prisoner's name, but they used to call him " Nobbler Jack." He got the goods and gave back the change to the prisoner. Alice Short, the aunt of the storekeeper where the goods were bought, identified the cheque, and said she sent it to Melbourne in the usual course of business. Thomas Foot, the storekeeper, deposed to the dishonor of the cheque. William Devlin, a carpenter, deposed that he saw the first witness bring the goods and change. Thomas Hamilton, a landed proprietor near Ballan, depesed that he did not sign the cheque, nor authorise its signature, nor had he any account in the bank in quisticn. The prisoner had been in his employment three years. James Black a clerk in the Bank of Australasia, Geelong, deposed that no person of the name of Thomas Hamilton had any account there. This was the case for the Crown. The prisoner said he could neither write nor read writing, and " all he could say was he was charged with a thing he knowed nothing at all about." A juryman wanted lo ask the prisoner how he got the cheque. His Honor said they could not do that, but the prisoner could make any statement he liked. The prisoner said nothing. The witness Hamilton, re-called, said the pri- soner could sign his name, but very clumsily. His Honor told the jury the prisoner might be innocent of the forgery, but guilty of uttering. The prisoner was found guilty of uttering. His Honor told the prisoner it appeared that he was already undergoing a sentence for uttering. The prisoner admitted that, but said that was done when he was in the horrors. As to the cheque before the court, he had never seen it in his life. Sentence—Four years on the roads, to take efffect at the end of the prisoner's previous sentence LARCENY. Daniel Maher (30) pleaded not guilty to an indict- ment for stealing certain articles of clothing, the property of John Simmons. After the prisoner had been given in charge to the jury, he said Mr McDermott was his counsel, and he was not present. His Honor told him it was too late now to with- draw the case, but counsel could be sent for. Mr M'Dermott subsequently appeared and de- fended the prisoner. lt appeared from the evidence of the prosecutrix, a woman named Simmons, that the prisoner went to her house and asked to sleep there for the night, but she refused him the favor. He then blew out the candle and made up a bundie of clothing. She re- monstrated and he threatened to brain her with the candlestick. The prisoner then went away with the goods, and they were found in the adjoining yard covered over with shingles. The prostcutrix was of so very peculiar a turn in her cross-examination that she succeeded in satis- fying the Crown Prosecutor that her evidence was not reliable, and he threw up the case without going farther. The prisoner was then discharged, and the Court adjourned. 