CRICKET. FROM AN OSSIANIC POINT OF VIEW. It is high summer noontide in the park of Rich- mond. Robed with fleecy cloudlets is the azure sky ; softly bathed in sunshine the olive herbage, and tired with lacquered splendour are the gum trees. Why throng them hither ward the gleaming hosts of Melbourne ? Wherefore come the fair ones, radiant as the dream of hope, changefully beautiful as a melting rainbow, and brilliant as the prospect through a tin kaleidoscope perceived by the vision of fancy ? Why has the banker left his bundled notes and sacks of coin profitlessly reposing in a stone cell ? Why has the soft- goods man quitted his brown-papery flavored retreat ?—why do the gentlemen of the Civil Service leave the wheels of government to turn round by themselves for a day or two ? ’Tis a sight more dainty than a naked-kneed gymnast, a sound more dulcet than the bagpipes. Victoria has invited a dozen of her family con- nections to spend a Christmas at the antipodes, to take pot-luck with us in a highly friendly sort of way, to join in our genial pastimes, to microscopically investigate the small spot of nakedness in our happy land—and to show that the world is not so large as the old fashioned thinkers have been long accustomed to suppose it. What a holiday look the park possesess. See that priestess of the fruit stall, grandly com- placent behind a mountain of claret-colored cherries and the soft green shadow of an obelisk of pears. Spangled with orange peel is the sun- browned grass. Blithely gambol forth from the bottle-necks the corks of ginger beer. Talisinanic is the ticket of Spiers and Pond. The servitor at the gate takes the bard for a bishop, from his bashful demeanour and cleanly chin. Eleven men in tranquil confidence and cotton caps issue forth into the arena. A cheer of British- lunged force rends the atmosphere into innumer- able tatters. Fancy the Colosseum of Rome partially repro- duced in American white pine and cotton duck, and without the summer lizards and green weed. Two of the Eighteen, picked and chosen cricket- ing experts of the South, sally forth, into the battle field, shirted with cream colored flannel, bedi- zened with a constellation of small red wafers. Marshall and Bryant defend the sticks, and wield the willow right royally. Anon there sounds a wooden crack, and thousands of uninitiated vi- sitors perceive a couple of men tearing madly to and fro with varnished waddies. Swift across the plain, shadowy as the ghost of a pillow-case, flits a nimble- toed champion. A stoop, like a hawk— a lightning gesture in the air, and a spasmodic commotion about the wicket, tell short-sighted people that the ball has been sent in. Presently, Bryant is allured by an attractive “ slow ” from Bennett, and, stepping forward with muscularity prepense, doesn’t hit the ball, and so the ball hits him, and Bryant is effectively deceased. Marshall, of the hundred fights, knocks the rotund leather into the hungry palms of Iddison. Sweeney, of the strong arm, long defies the cannonade of Griffith, but falls at last, betrayed by an artful temptation to place his portly legs in the wicket line. Mace is out by an occult operation that disingenuous people pre- tended to thoroughly understand as “ stumping.” Huddlestone gives the shilling visitors an oppor- tunity of closely inspecting the ball, and then knocks it among the tenacious fingers of little Mr Sewell. Wardill, of rich promise, is immolated on the shrine of indecision, and hiss temporary absence from the wicket ruthlessly taken advantage of. Makinson inadvertently allows a twister from Bennett to wriggle into his wicket with a rude jarring consequence to the bails. Morres is equally indiscreet. Three successive ciphers figure on the scoring cards, and a pang of mournfulness permeates every colonial bosom whose proprietor is not betting on the English Eleven. Costick hits manfully for a time, but Mudie of the lynx eye regards a passing ball, and detains it for the opinion of the umpire. Like the light of other days is Thompson, of the sinewy wrist. Full of promise as a fresh opened quartz reef, is the batsman of Bendigo. Why did he hit his wicket ?—why oozed from his finger tips the last drop of essence of that cardinal virtue (most car- dinal for cricketers) called prudence ? Elliott falls to a left-handed cannon-pacer from Griffith, and four only figures to the credit of our flannel- jacketed veteran. Why did Wray knock a ball from Griffith right back among the ample hand-grasp of the bowler ? Why did Rennie stop one of Bennett's slows with his left leg instead of his right bat ? Why did Conway run through his property of future reputation by running himself out ? Why didn’t Stewart touch the ball that unsettled his stumps very lightly with the outside edge of his bat ? Why did not Hopkinson recol- lect, when he essayed his fatal run, how that runners must begin by creeping ? Why, ever be it wondered, did not that specially adroit-fin- gered and most accomplished long-stop, Mr But- terworth, hit the leathern dumpling in any con- ceivable direction but that of the hungry finger- tips of Griffith ? Why, in short, did our colonial Eighteen make any mistake at all, and especially the grievous error of not obtaining another two hundred runs ? And now the three yellow sticks are to be gar- risoned by the Eleven. E. Stephenson, of the stalwart shoulder, and Bennett, of the nimble wrist, take their stand. Bennett, of the teasing slows, tips his ball into the ready hands of Butter- worth, and comes to grief. Stephenson makes thirty-four and goes home for refreshment. Mu- die would have added more than twenty-three had Elliott’s bowling not been so direct. Griffith brings in a bill for sixty-one, and Caffyn and Iddison turn over a new leaf and figure on the chronicles of Friday. What a great game of patience is cricket. See Caffyn, the finished batsman, controlling his feverish impulse for display by the strong sense of duty to a cause ! Caffyn is caught. Then swells upon the ear a gust of applause. Nicely modu- lated is that most characteristic demonstration, the generous tribute to success, which is tempered by discriminating sympathy with defeat. Iddi- son is bowled by Conway, and the deadened hopes of Victorians are gently galvanised. Stephen- con (H. H., which has been generally understood to signify hard hitting) was placed with two to his chronicled register of athletic effort. Sewell applied his acclimatised activity to prevent a disturbing influence from a ball of. Stewart’s ; but idle was the effort. Hearne, of the sinewy limb, sharp perception, and trained appliance to cricket- ing requirements, was utterly discomfited by a clatter among the sticks. Lawrence made his nineteen singles with noticeable care, and the one double run merely spoiled the score. Mortlock, of the chubby feature—of the jovial, hearty, bright, joyous, lively, jolly, exuberantly happy, beans-and- bacon expression of counte- nance,—fitting man of the Eleven to carry forth your bat—Mortlock, what do you think of us ? When you write to your cricketing brothers, by our next messenger of news, will you tell of the five-and-twenty thousand who met to mark the skill and prowess of their country’s representa- tives ? Will you tell of our fait and fairy land,— truthfully tell of our bright and happy climate, and our joyous abundance ? Will you justly record the tranquillity, good order, and gentle manner that pervade our multitudes ? And will you feel that, victorious or defeated, whether we are ludicrously , whipped, or offer a creditable contest, there is, in towering strength and truth, high above the holi- day racket, a simple yearning that you will talk about us honestly as we are ; and speak of the hand-grip we gave to our countrymen. And truly and earnestly, one half the secret of the grand cricketing attraction might, we opine, be as justly sought in the unwearying charm of home associa- tion, as in the warm and pleasurable regard we naturally feel for a thoroughly English represen- tative pastime. 