Gems from Poets. THE FATE OF THE EXPLORERS, BURKE AND WILLS. (From a MS. Poem.) ——— BY HENRY KENDALL. THOUGH he rallied in the morning, long be- fore the close of day, He had sunk, the worn-out hero, fainting, dying, by the way! But with death he wrestled hardly, three times rising from the sod, Yet little further onward, o'er the weary waste, he trod; Facing Fate with heart undaunted, still the chief would totter on Till the Evening closed about him—till the strength to move was gone! Then he penned his latest writings, and, before the life was spent, Gave the records to his comrade—gave the watch he said was lent; Gave them with his last commandments, charging him that night to stay, But to let him lie unburied when the soul had passed away! Hearken to the brave words spoken when he felt the coming end, When he turned and told his wishes to the firm and faithful friend: "Closer, sit where you can hear me—this will surely soon be past, We have struggled hard against it, but I'm too far gone to last! You must try to bear up longer, there is suc- cour on our track, If you live till it arrives here, take this watch, they lent me, back; Take it and the note-books with you, from the note-books they will learn Something of our baffled movements—some- thing of our sad return! I have been too weak to write much, hence the records are but few, But you'll tell them what I cannot, and I I hope and trust in you! And for God's sake stay beside me! in this wild and lonely place, It is now a comfort to be near a friendly, hu- man face! Tarry here till all is over, so that you may see me die; I shall pass away contented, knowing some one lingers by! When you find that I have left you, do not move from hence my bones; Do not hide them in the darkness of a heap of dust and stones; Let them lie uncovered, comrade, bare and bleaching on the land— But this pistol, which I give you, leave it loaded in my hand!" Through that night he uttered little, rambling were the words he spoke; And he turned and died in silence, when the tardy morning broke! Many memories come together whilst in sight of death we dwell, Much of sweet and sad reflection through the weary mind must well! As those long hours glided past him, till the east with light was fraught, Who may know the mournful secret—who can tell us what he thought? Very lone and very wretched was the brave man left behind, Wandering over leagues of wasteland, seek- ing, hoping help to find; Sleeping in deserted wurleys, fearful, many night-falls through, Lest unfriendly hands should rob him of his meal of wild nardoo! When he reached their old encampment, when the well-known spot was gained, He had yet a hope within him that his other friend remained! So he searched for food to give him, trusting they might both survive Till the aid so long expected from the cities should arrive; So he shot three crows and took them to the gunyah where he found Him, whom he had thought to succour, cold and lifeless on the ground! Weak and wearied with his journey, there the sole survivor stooped, And the disappointment bowed him, and his heart with sadness drooped, But he rose and raked a hollow with his wasted, feeble hands, Where he took and hid the hero in the rushes and the sands; But he, like a brother, laid him out of reach of wind and rain, And for many days he sojourned near him, on that wild- faced plain. Whilst he stayed beside the ruin, whilst he lingered with the dead, Oh! he must have sat in darkness gloomy as the tears he shed. * * * * * * * Where our noble Burke was lying—where his sad companions stood— Came the natives of the forest—came the wild men of the wood: Down they looked and saw the stranger—him who there in quiet slept— Down they knelt, and o'er the chieftain, bit- terly they moaned and wept. Bitterly they mourned to see him, all unco- vered to the blast, All uncovered to the tempest as it wailed and whistled past, And they shrouded him with bushes so in death that he might lie, Like a warrior of their nation, sheltered from the storm and sky. Let them rest where they have laboured! but my country mourn and moan; We must build with human sorrow grander monuments than stone, Let them rest—for oh! remember, that in long hereafter time Sons of science will be wandering o'er that solitary clime. Cities bright must rise about it—age and beauty there shall stray, And the fathers of the people, pointing to the graves, will say, "Here they fell, the glorious martyrs, when these plains were woodlands deep, Here a friend—a brother laid them; here the wild men came to weep!" The Rev. Dr. Wolff tells a story of a cer- tain M. Preisweg, of Geneva, a good and excellent Christian, to whom a ghost appeared as he was going to bed, and said, "I am the ghost of a person who was hanged here six weeks ago"—"That is no business of mine," replied Preisweg, so good night." A poetic contributor (whose compositions were barely passable) wrote to a country Editor to know "what his terms for poetry were." The Editor wrote back that "he usu- ally charged 4d. a line, but he'd take his for 3d." This naturally astonished the child of the Muses, who expected to be paid not to pay. 