LOCAL AND GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, MUNDANOON. Last Thursday was the day chosen for the interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new Wesleyan chapel at Mundoonan. The attendance of spectators numbered nearly one hun- dred persons, and comprised visitors from Gunning, Jerrawa, Yass, and the district around Mundoonan. The Rev. Mr. Gaud, of Yass, and the Rev. Mr. Skews, of Gunning, were also present. Mundoonan has for several years been occupied as a preaching station by the Wesley an body, and so many as ten or twelve years ago, Mr. Thomas Brown, of Jerrawa, regu- larly visited the locality for the purpose of conducting divine service. The Rev. Mr. Schofield, the late Rev. Mr. Hurst, Mr. Gale (now of Queanbeyan), the Rev. Mr. Creed, and the present respected minister at Yass (Mr. Gaud.) have each statedly preached at Mundoonan, and the ceremony of Thursday was one of the first steps towards replacing the present slab building by a substantial brick and stone edifice. The site of the church is on an acre of ground, given for the pur- pose by Mr. Robert Wiggins, of Spruce- mount, and is in close proximity to that gentleman's dwelling. The building will have a stone foundation, the remainder being constructed of brick ; it will mea- sure nineteen feet by twenty-nine feet. The contract price for the erection of the chapel is, we believe, about £265, the greater portion of which sum, we are informed, has already been subscribed. The fitting-up of the interior will have to be completed at a cost over that stated. The contractor for the building is Mr. W. Kinnear, of Yass, and it is expected that the chapel will be ready for occupation within the next three months. About two o'clock the spectators ga- thered around the site of the new chapel, and the hymn, " Great is the Lord," &c.;, having been sung, the Rev. Mr. Gaud read the xxix. chap. I. Chronicles. The Rev. Mr. Skews then offered up a fervent prayer to the Almighty to bless the pro- ceedings of that day, and to grant that the place of worship about to be erected might be the means of saving many souls. The Rev. Mr. Gaud intimated that it had been decided that the foundation stone should be laid by their old friend, Mr. Thomas Brown, of Jerrawa, who had kindly consented to do so. By some oversight, although there was a cavity in the stone for containing the usual documents, none had been prepared, and consequently the space was filled up with mortar. Mr. Thomas Brown expressed his sense of the honour conferred upon him. His desire had been that one of their friends resident at Mundoonan should have laid the foundation stone. He trusted God would be pleased to permit him to see the building completed ; and it afforded him great satisfaction to be privileged to lay the foundation stone of the first sub- stantial building for church purposes in that locality. He was also thankful that the efforts made to procure a suitable Wesleyan chapel at Mundoonan were about to be consummated by the erection of a suitable building. Mr. Brown then cast off his coat, remarking that "when a man was going to work, he should always take his coat off." (Laughter.) Having spread the mortar, and adjusted the stone, Mr. Brown said — "I lay the foundation stone of this Wesleyan Me- thodist Chapel, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." He then, examining his work minutely, turned towards the spectators, and remarked — "I think that will do very well; what do you think?" (Laughter.) As a good deal of delay had occurred before the proceedings commenced, and as several other opportunites would be afforded him in the course of the day, he would not occupy their time, by making any further remarks. The Rev. Mr. Gaud premised by stating that his address would be as brief as possible, for reasons similar to those stated by the previous speaker. The circumstance which had brought them together was a solemn and sacred one; and it was with no common degree of pleasure that he had witnessed the laying of the foundation stone of a new Wes- leyan chapel at Mundoonan — a building intended for the worship of Almighty God. The satisfaction he felt was dif- ferent from that with which he should witness the laying of the foundation-stone of a building to be devoted to sciemce and learning — of a hall of commerce, or any similar structure, valuable as such erec- tions are in every Christian country. The foundation stone laid that day was that of a building to be devoted to higher and far more important purposes, and was one of those ceremonies in which every Christian heart rejoiced. There might be some present who knew but very little of the plans, objects, and principles of Wesleyan Methodism. It was not intended that anything of a new or novel character should be preached or inculcated in the chapel when completed; if he thought .there was anytliing new in their religion he would have nothing to do with it, as he held there was nothing new in religion. There might be many things that were new discovered in science or art, hut these were man's in- ventions, and, consequently, were open to new liglit being thrown upon them by man; but their religion must be like its divine author — "the same to-day, yes- terday, and for ever." It was this reli- gion they desired to spread. At the commencement of Wesleyan Methodism, about 140 years ago, this true and acceptable religion was but little known in their fatherland — the spirit of Chris- tianity was, at that time, very low and very languid. Concurrent history proved that Great Britain, at the commencement of the eighteenth century, was in a very awful-state as respected religion. And Mr. Wesley, Mr. Whitfield, and their asso- ciates saw this, and their love of Christ constrained them to go out and seek to save the perishing souls of men. The reverend gentleman briefly narrated some of the difficulties encountered by the founders of Methodism, ad the benefits the system was calculated to confer, and concluded by invoking the blessing of the Almighty on the work in which they had been engaged that day. About three o'clock all those persons who had attended the preceding cere- mony, sat down to an excellent and most abundant luncheon, which was provided by residents of the district, and was creditable to their hospitality. At half-past four a public meeting was held, at which addresses were delivered by several gentlemen present; and, at a later -hour in the evening, a tea meeting took place. The collections, throughout the day in aid of the building fund amounted, to over £24. 