TOWN TALK. TIic constituency of Sandhurst is likely to lie imhcd with candidates for its representation, jtr. Carr of Geelong is spoken ' of, Mr. Car- formerly member for Mnndurancr. Mr. parol Moore, Melbourne, and Mr. O'Loughlin, banister. The Bendigo Advertiser suggests tliat Mr. Micbie should be requested to coiue forward- Jir. Morton, it seems, fins already marked out the place of his prospective sent in the Assembly, for, according to the Bnllanrat Star, lie purposes taking bis sent on the neutral benches with Messrs. W. C. Smith and M'Cnnn, but that lie will give an independent support to the present occupants of the treasury benches, although he does not agree with them as to the mode in which they dispense their patronage. A deputation from the Moornhbln Bond Board was introduced, yesterday, to the Commissioner of Railways, the object of it being to obtain n portion of the tolls received south of the Yarrn, on the Arthur's Seat road. These tolls, it appears, ' produce L2U00 per nuniim in excess of the ex penditure. L1000 per annum lias been promised to the Dandcuong lload Bond, and a request was made by the deputation that the surplus should he handed over to the Moornbbin Bond Board. After the mnttcr had been fully ex plained, Jir. Mitchell promised that L500 should be placed to the credit of the board, and a larger sum if it should subsequently he available. The deputation thanked Mr. Mitchell and then with drew! The usunl monthly meeting of tho Concord Mining Company (Tnrrcngowcr), was held yes terday at the offices of the association, 37 Market street, Jir. J. C Hoilnndoccupied thcchnir. The secretary read the report, which stated that the results of the company's operations arc not very satisfactory. The tributors have, at the 120 feet level, struck a leader from one to two feet thick, and showing golden stone, yet the difficulty of working the ground is so great, that Mr. Gardiner will be unnWc to carry out iii3 tribute arrange ment, unless some assistance is granted him by tho boon/. The director lias been instructed to report os to the best menus of assisting Jir. Gardiner, in order that the ground mny be fully j tested at the least expense to the company. In reply to various questions put by shareholders, the secretary said the board were now consulting with Mr. Allan as to the most desirable means of assisting the tributors. On the motion of the Chairman, seconded hy Jir. Lang, the report.was adopted, and the meeting terminated.' The Bee Hive Jlining Association (Tarron- gowcrjheld its usunl monthly meeting yesterday afternoon, at the company's offices, Market street, Melbourne. Mr. Keogh occupied the chair. Jir. Sciilesinger, the secretary, rend tho report ofthe -Board ofManngement, which stntos that during the month ending the 31st July, G54 tons of quartz have been crushed, yielding 1100 ounces amalgam, 349 ounces 15 dwts retorted gold, and 317 ounces 5 dwts 12 grains smelted gold, wliich, \- at 13 18 3jd per ounce, realised LI 308 15s 3d. The expenditure, exclusive of LG12 18s 7d, chargeable against the new plant and for works in connection therewith, lins been L940 17s 8d, and the balance of receipts over ordinary xpenditure, amount to L429 7s lid. The erection of the new mnchincry has progressed satisfactorily. The hoard have considered much as to tho host system of tribute lo lie ndoptcd for the future working of tho com pany's grounds, and they recommend the adoption of the following terms, which tho tributors are willing to ngree to. The manager, mining fore man, ciiief engineer, nnd secretary to ho paid, anil the engine shaft to be sunk, hy the company, and the tributors to receive LI per week, nnd 5s ia tho pound on the gross proceeds of tho gold obtained. The men have agreed to work during the erection of the new machinery at LI lib per week. The board anticipate that with the largely increased quantities of quartz which cut be crushed hy the new machinery, and the inducements held out to the tributers by the altered system to obtain a greater qunntity of luarlzwith the same number of men, thnt the results will prove highly advantageous to the shareholders. Tiie Sccretnry also rend a state ment by which it appeared that during the fort night ending the 19th of August, there had been 320 tons quartz crushed, yielding 494 ounces amalgam, and 100 oz 8 dwt of smelted gold, which had yielded L054 10s. A communication from Mr. Allan, the director, was also rend, stating the dfficultics lie had mot with in coming to terms witli the tributers, nnd recommending the adoption of tiro system proposed by the Maul. The Secretary stated that the company's "aw machinery would, in ail probability, bo rsady for work in four or five weeks. Jir. Gould moved thnt the report ho ndoptcd, with is understanding that tlie'honrd would carry ut -the tribute system. Jir. Prince seconded the motion which was carried, nnd the proceedings terminated. The monthly meeting of tho Grand Junction ining Association (Tarrengower) was held yesterday afternoon, at 37 Market street, Mcl- urne, Mr. Keogli occupying the chair. The port of tiie board of management stated that a vourahle crushing had been made from the an i' i .eef tributers (Messrs. Ilolmes and Co.), mn . u8'' the yield lias not amounted to as 1H|C i 113 t',e nPPearEnee of the stone led the ami" Crs.' ""ticipate, yet the exceedingly rich fli- nif01""1"0118 y'0'1' ,llust be a source of grnti- sl,m V the shareholders, inasmuch as it ... valuable nature of the property they ine 3CSSe tlie tfrCSS'Ve otumcnt, showing that since tons r'rll'ors' operations wore commenced,' 82 433n»i I11"1'1'' ,mve been crushed, yielding Tim <7 l' 5"r'> w,'ieli realised L.1929 7s. 5d. Per |(,nC consequently, Ooz. lidwt. hffnJ1' 10 '"ghost average crushing lias 15 dwt r' " ffr- per ton, nnd tho lowest My reni.t'ipe--t0n :Eitr|,t erushings previ- and i-m - , ' 00 tons, yielded 310 oz. 17 dwt., Want- 1 L"1215 0s' «-8 »<> 0 crushing; "dirt la tributers, 7 tons, yielded 5oz. HoW7i' renlised L-20 17s- Gil. ; No. 10, 1'Ooz lo'! ''"''Jh Lisle's Beef, 20 tons, yielded ' 1-(lwt. 8 gr , realised L.GUS Ps. 4d. Total, 82 tons, yielding 498 oz. 1 dwt. 5 gr., and realis- ing L.1929 7s. 5d. The report also stated thnt in compliance with the applications made by several shareholders, the board have extended the period during which parties claiming to lie shareholders mny sign the instrument of the association to the 15th of August. The signatures to tho instru ment now represent 13,204 shares. The Jinn- ton's Beef tributers have been compelled, hy the wet weather swamping their claim, to suspend operations, nnd some menus must he adopted by wliicli the ground enn he efficiently worked. The quality of the stone raised from tills portion of the company's ground fully warrant the hoard in incurring nn expense which they believe would considerably cnlinncc the returns. It will he the duty of the board to enforce the payment of the calls, or to forfeit the shnrcs of pnrtics who have not paid the erll of 5s. per share made on the 3rd of February last, nnd ns nil shareholders who are in nrrenrs have to pny interest at the rate of 15.pcr cent, per annum, any delay which has occurred has not affected the association. The Secretary stated, in reply to several ques tions, tlintjtlie tributers hail paid the association 10 per cent, upon the gross yield, and one of them paid 15 per cent. The Government leases are now being issued, so that all disputes as to the nssoelntion's tenure are settled. The asso ciation will hold their ground for half the rent they formerly paid, nnd without those conditions which formerly risked their title. The lenses will he for ton years, nnd renewable for fifteen years, at L2 10s per acre. The JInnton's Beef ground is 23 acres in extent, the Lislc's Beef 10 acres, and the other claims 2 acres. A Jir. Kinnard had applied to the Government for a lease of a piece of land of 040 acres, in order to tunnel into JInnton's Beef. His working the reef would he a matter of arrangement with the Bonn!, who would submit any proposals to the shareholders before coming to a flnnl determina tion. On the motion of Mr. Barlow, seconded by Jir. Clinries Day, the foregoing report was adopted, nnd the meeting closed. A general meeting of the shareholders of the Ilobson's Bay Bailway Sea Bathing Company was held, yesterdny, at Lloyd's Booms, Collins street west, to receive the report of the directors and to elect two directors in the place of Jlcssrs. Coffey and Sutherland, who had resigned. Jir. Tlios. Norton was in the clinir. The report nnd bnluucc sheet were presented, by the former of which a dividend of 0 per cent, per annum was declared. The report stated that the directors had much pleasure in recording the continued prosperity of the undertaking; that the number of bathers in Snndridgc nnd its vicinity had been nearly 3000 in excess of those of the previous season ; the total number being 7850 ; thnt the proportion of money received by the company from the sale of tickets by the Ilobson's Bay Biiilwny Company amounted to L.40C, and that the directors had exercised the discretionary power given to them to 'lease the baths, aud had leased them accord ingly to tlielntc manager, now lessee, for a fixed annual sum for a period of five years, he being hound to find sureties and keep the baths in per fect repair during his tenancy. It was stated thnt the dividend would have been much larger were it not that the company had capitalised L.400 of the revenue in extending and improv ing the baths. On the motion of Cnpt. Blnch- ford, seconded by Jir. Jloss, the report nnd balance sheet were adopted. On the motion of Jir. Sidderly, seconded by Jir. Jloss, Mr. II. B. Donaldson nnd Cnpt. Henry William Blnchford were appointed to tho vacancies in the director ship. The auditors were re-elected, and the thanks of the .meeting being given to tiie direc tors for their services during the past year, the proceedings terminated. Now that the distillation law is in force, ad ditional interest is attached to the invention or introduction of appliances for distilling. We are accordingly led to notice a model of Coffey's celebrated patent , still, manufactured by Mr. William Bohison, of the Jlolbourne Copper Works. Coffey's still is an Irish patent intro duced some twenty or thirty years ago, anil the principle on which it is constructed has been brought to such perfection since that it is now used nil over the United Kingdom, nnd the old fashioned still is almost disused. Hitherto tho even limited use of distilling apparatus in this colony lias been confined to thcjohl -fashioned stills, which being so simple in their construction can be more readily obtained. Jir. Bobison, however, is desirous of showing the public that lie is able to manufacture Coffey's pntent stills, a working model of which we had the opportunity of in specting yesterday. The principle of it is tills : Tiie still consists of two squnre columns, through one of these posses a continuous circulating pipe communicating with the top of the other column. The "wash" of whatever suitable. material it may be composed, is pumped up through these pipes, and, by the application of stenin, is brought to boiling point hy tho time it readies tiie top of the second column. Tiiis second column contains a number of perforated slides, and as tho "wash " descends through them there is a pressure of steam upwards. This exhausts the wash of its alcohol, and the spirit which flows off into tiie cooler can be made of any degree of strength nnd purity that may be required. The advantages of Coffey's still are that it allows of one con tinuous operation, instead of tiircc, which is re quired hy the ordinary stills ; thnt there is a grant saving of fuel ; and that as much can be done in ons hour ns by the common still in twenty-four — so we arc informed — hut if the saving of time be only one-half it would still be very considerable. One ol the largest of Coffey's stills now used at home is that used at Leith, which is capable of exhausting 3000 gallons of wash nn hour, nnd nt the lowest computation of producing about 300 gal lons of spirits during the same time, the per centago from the wash being about from 10 to 12J per cent. In testing the working capabili ties of the model yesterdny, some stale beer was used ns the wash, and a very good spirit was produced from it. One of Coffey's ordinary stills, witii columns about tliirtyfect high, which is the average size, would cost to manufacture here from L.1000 to L.1500. The model of Cofl'cy's still we saw yesterday was worked by Jir. Ilnrt, nn excise officer under tiie Inspector of Distilleries. Jir. Hart lias a perfect acquaintance witli tho use of these stills nt home, and snys that the old fashioned ones will not bear any comparison witli Coffey's still. The Commis sioner of Trade nnd Customs, accompanied by Jir. Leslie Moody, Inspector of Distilleries, in spected -Jir. Bobison's model yesterdny, and the last-named gcntlcmnn lias, we are informed, highly approved of tiio principle of it. Wc observe by our telegraphic news, in which several interesting ltem9 occur, that Messrs. Cobb nnd Co. are the successful tenderers for the convoynnce of the New South Wales escorts from the Western and South Western gold- fields. A meeting to organise measures for raising n fund for the relief of the distress nt present ex isting in the western counties of Ireland, Jvns held in St. Patrick's Ilnll on Thursday evening 'last. It. was originnily intended thnt the meet ing should only be of a preliminary nature, hut in tho course of the deliberative conversations that ensued, it wns determined to tnko imme diate action, that no unnecessary delny might take place in forwnrding the ultimate object in view. Thoro were a number of influential gen tlemen present, Jir. G. V. A. Bruce having been called upon to preside. Jir. H. O'Grndy, JI.L.A., expressed to the meeting the apology 1 Jir. Hanify nnd himself desired to tender for convening tho meeting. He stated that the good work, which was ndoptcd in America, Grant Britain, Canada, and France, towards Ireland and clsewlicro, was worthy of being followed hero. The sympathies ot the Australian people were successfully evoked in connection with the Donegnl Fund, which rosidted in transferring about fifteen hundred souls of nn oppressed nnd impoverished people of our race to tlifi Australian continent. In the case of tiie present distress, nn active central committee sitting in Dublin, received subscriptions nnd distributed relief amongst the hundreds of families whose chronic destitution elicited the wannest sympathy of men in all pnrts of the old world ; nnd lie had no doubt but n generous response would be aiso given hy the gentlemen ite saw around him, anil by the colonists generally. After further dilating upon tiie circumstances of the distress, nnd tho authenticated statements of it from various sources, lie requested Mr. Hanify to rend from the documents in his possession such facts ns would place the case more fully before tiie meeting. Jir. JI. J. P. Hanify then stated thnt lie, in common with many of his countrymen, was much concerned to find that there was no notice whatever taken by the dniiy press of the ex tensive destitution which nctunlly existed in Ire land, nnd which wns confirmed hy the private letters of influential persons in Irelnncl, ns well ns hy notices in the Irish journals. He had received from the superioress of the Convent of Jlcrcy nt Ciifden, a touching appeal on behalf of the starv ing poor in thnt part of tiie country, which, in compliance with that lady's desire, lie had com municated to one of the daily papers. He then proceeded to road at length extracts from the home papers, describing in the most heart- stir ring language the fearful sufferings of the people in many different pnrts of the country; The chairmnn thought that the meeting must he quite convinced, from what they had just heard, that the distress wns ns real ns it certainly wns severe, nnd urged the meeting to proceed to the practical consideration of the best menns to render immediate assistance. The feeling which pervaded the meeting wns one of the wnrmcst sympathy for the suffering ' poor, nnd nn earnest desire to co-operate with vigour with a view to raising a substantial fund for their relief. Several gentlemen addressed the mooting, among whom was tho Very Bev. J. J. Blcasdnlo, D.D., who, cordially agreeing with tho object of the meet ing, promised to use whatever influence he pos sessed in furthering its object. The rev. gentle man expressed the sympathy entertained by Ids lordship the Bishop and the entire clergy in this matter, nnd intimated tlint a general appeal would he made to the feelings of the benevolent from the altars of the colony. A strong feeling was expressed that the meeting should not separate without actually commencing the sub scription list, and a sum of about L.217 4s. was collected In the room ; and it was expected that nt least L.1000 would he gathered in time for the outgoing mail. It is proposed to hold a largo public mcctiug in the course of a few days, nnd nn extensive organisation throughout the colony is already initiated. District committees for Coiiing- wood, Hawthorn, Biclunond, St. Kihln, Emerald Hill, Praliran, Carlton, and Hotliaia, were also appointed before the meeting separated. Jir. O'Grady, JI.L.A., proposed the warmest thanks of the meeting to their esteemed chairman, and remarked, thnt it augured well for tiicir move ment that a Scotcli gentlcmnn, remarkable for his general philanthropy, should have attended, nnd taken the interest he did in their proceed ings. A vote of thanks was passed hy accla mation to the chairman, and the meeting sepa rated. Yesterdny afternoon a preliminary meeting of the friends of Jir. Wilson Gray, JI.L.A., was held at Hockin's hotel, for the purpose of mak ing arrangements for n banquet to he given to that gentleman previous to his departure for Now Zealand. Amongst those assembled were several members of the Legislature, and the chair wns occupied by Jir. B. Ilenles, JI.L.A. It was resolved thnt a complimentary dinner should take place on Thursdny evening next, and a committee was appointed. The following replies to the addresses of con dolence sent to Her JIajesty from this colony, have been received from the Duko of Newcastle, Secretary of Stntc for the Colonial Department: — " Downing street, Gth June, 1802. Sir, — I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Despatch No. 34, of the 24th of March, forwarding Addresses of Condolence to Iler Majesty on the death of Ilis Boyal Highness the Prince Consort, from the Bishop nnd Clergy of the diocese of Melbourne, from the resident consular representatives of foreign nations, from tho Mayor nnd Corporation of tho City of Jlel- bournc, and also eight other municipal bodies and public societies (the JInyor nnd Corporation of Geclong, the Jlunieipnl Councils of Newtown and Cliilwcll, Bnllnarnt West, Castiemniuo, Sandhurst, Belfast, nnd Crcswick, and tho Scottish Freemasons of Victoria. I request that you will apprise each of the bodies from whom these addresses linvo cmnnntoa, that the Queen values very highly the expressions of sympathy and attnclnncnt which they contain. The marks of affection which have reached her Majesty from all parts of her empire, and all classes of her Majesty's subjects, have afforded her a sensible consolation under the bereavement which she has sustained.— I have, ete. (Signed), Newcastle. Governor Sir Henry Bnrkly, etc., etc., etc." Downingstrcct,2Gtii June, 1862. Sir, — I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your despatch No. 40, of the 17th of April, forwarding nn address of condolence witii Iler JInjosty from tho University of Jlelbourne, together with similar addresses from tho Muni cipal Councils of Fitzroy, East Collingwood, Williamstowii, Snndridgc, Bnllanrat Enst, and Chcwton, and also from tho Free Presbyterian Synod of Victoria. 1 have laid these addresses before the Queen, who wns pleased to receive them very graciously. I am to instruct you to inform the subscribers of these addresses thnt Her Majesty has derived great satisfaction from the generally diffused sentiments of sympathy nnd dutiful regard which liavc been elicited by her affliction from alt classes of Her Majesty's sub jects. I hnve, etc. (Signed), Newcastle. Governor Sir H. Bnrkly, K.C.B., etc., etc, etc." His Honour tho Chief Commissioner yesterday refused absolutely a certificate to Jir. William Perry. The judgment will be found at length in our report of the Insolvent Court. On be half of the insolvent, notice was given that the decision would be appealed against. At tho weekly meeting of the executive com mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, yesterdny, . the Superintendent made the following return :— Number of inmates in the home ns reported lost week, 545 ; admitted since, 104; persons who have received out-door relief, 137 ; total relieved, 780 ; discharged from the homo during tiie week, 91\. -..Total nt present remainiug, 558 ; consist ing of — Children chargeable to the Govern ment, 299 ; cases chargeable to the Society, 259. The following is an abstract of births and deaths registered in the Jfetropolitan and Sub urban Begistration Districts during the week ending 10th August, 1802: District. Births. Dcatlis. Boroondnrn 3 ... 1 Brighton . 3 ... 1 Brunswick 2 ... 0 Collingwood 24 ... 8 Flcmington 2 ... 2 ICcw 2 . ... 0 Jlelbourne 63 ... 21 Pmhrnn 0 ... 0 llichmond 3 ... 3 Snndridgo and Emerald Hill 6 ... 5 South Ynrrn, .3 ... 0 St. Ivildn 4 ... 1 Willimustown 5 ... 2 Total 120 ... 44 All the districts arc remarkably healthy. An application, which it is to he hoped will he successful, has, says the Balinarat Star, been mnde to Government to procinimLnkc Burrum- bcet nnd its tributaries under tho provisions of the 11th section ofthe new Act for the Protec tion of Fisheries (25 Vic. No. 152). Tiio section referred to imposes a peunlty not exceeding L10 and the forfeiture ofhls net, on nny'pcrson lay- ing down, using, or fishing witli any kind of net, in the YArn Ynrra, Plenty, Wcrribce, or Snlt Water rivers, or their tributaries, or in any other river, lake, creek, stream, or pond to which the Goveraor hy proclamation shall extend the pro visions of the section. Some years ago, through the private enterprise of Jir. T. Lcnrmontli, of Ercildoun, aided by tho Jlunieipnl Council of Bnllanrat, Lake Burrurobcot was stocked with fish, which have till lately remained unmolested, but during the last month a party of men camped on the soutli side of the lake are said to have been actively employed with nets in the re moval of a large quantity of fish for sale. The nnmc of one of the men lias been obtained by the police, and steps arc being taken to prosecute the parties concerned for not hnving registered themselves ns required hy the Act. The cninp alluded to has suddenly been removed, and the nets for the present cannot he found. A few days ago the Geclong Advertiser gave currency to a report that Jir. Wyntt, barrister, and law reporter for tho Argus, was the corres pondent for Tiio Times. The same journal yesterday snys — " The report assigning to Jir. Wyntt, the office of correspondent to Tiie Times is now contradicted, and n person who is said to stand in the relation of brother-in-law to Jir. J usticc Chapman, is supposed to bo the writer. This report, however, emanates from an office hnving some business connections with the Argus, and is open to suspicion." The Bnmbouiilet rams, to which we hnve pre viously directed attention, will he sold hy auction to-day; at the stores of Messrs. Goldsbrough. The efforts of Jir. Austin,' of Barwon Park, to acclimatise game have been so far successful that his representative in Australia is enabled to furnish his friends witli that very acceptable addition to the dinner-tnble, a brace of pheasants. A present of this description was made a few days ago to the Chief Secretary. The fat bullock bred near Warrnambool, which excited so much attention in Jlelbourne a few months ago, died, wc regret to hear, on the pnssngc to England. The benefit to Bnllnarnt by opening up the railway for goods traffic has, it appears, been so troublesome thnt the Commissioner of Railways is, no doubt, npprehsnsivc of the appoint ment of vigilance eoinmittccs and depu tations. He can congratulate himself, however, thnt as the House is not sitting lie escapes the dreadful ordeal of Bnllanrat in terrogation. The Star of yesterday says the railway station at Bnllanrat East lias been the scene of extraordinary hustle nnd tumult during the last few days, owing to the delivery of goods from Jlelbourne and Gceiong. On Wed nesday, the first goods train arrived, with about sixty tons of goods of various descriptions, and wns followed hy several others nt intervals, which brought in the nggrcgntc about 170 tons of goods. On Thursday the goods train timt arrived about middny brought some sixty tons of merchandise. The goods train due nt or before seven o'clock last night did not arrive in time, and the result was the stoppage of the seven o'clock passenger and mail train at Bnl lanrat Enst. The guard refused to stir u his own responsibility, nnd tho station- master declined to order him to proceed. A consultation wns held between the railway authorities at half-past seven o'clock, nnd the result was that the train proceeded, with the danger lamp suspended in front of the engine. At nine o'clock last night the overdue goods train had not arrived, nnd a second, which was to follow, was expected nt ten o'clock. Great complaints have been made by the consignees of goods as to the mode of delivery by Messrs. Reynolds and English, as the firm were unable to convey the merchandise to the owners thereof until considerable time had elapsed after its nrrivnl ; "but the very had stnte of the road on Bnkery Ilill adjacent to the railwny station is alleged ns an excuse by the firm mentioned, who aro sanguine thnt in a few days they will lie able to deliver the goods as they arrive, a consum mation devoutly to he wished for. Dr. Youl, tho City Coroner, held an inquest, yesterday, at the Hob Hoy hotel, Brunswick street, on the body of Alfred George Britton, who died on the previous doy. It appeared from the evidence thnt some time since deceased injured his finger while cutting wood with n circular saw. He went to Dr. Bidley, who prescribed for him ; but the remedies not having the desired ofi'cot, and tho finger becoming worse, deceased lind it amputated on Friday last by Dr. Barker. Tetanus set in, nnd deceased expired on Thursday. The jury returned n verdict in accordance with the evidence. An inquest was held, yesterday, before the District Coroner, at the Lunatic Asylum, Yarrn Bend, on the body of Nathan Falke, who died on the previous day. Deceased, who was twenty- nine years of ago, was admitted on the 14th of November, 1850. He was feeble, and his mental disease wns-Tnpsing into idiotcy. He was con stantly attended by the medical officers up to the time of his death. After hearing the mcdicnl evidence, the jury returned a verdict that the cause of death was pulmonary consumption. St. Paul's Church, Swnnston street, which iins been closed for some time past while the in terior was undergoing extensive necessary im provements, is to be re-opened to-morrow. The service in the morning will be conducted by the Bev. T. C. Perks, in the afternoon by the Bev. S. L. Chase, nnd in the evening hy the Bev. John Barlow. Dr. Candler held an inquest at the Pentridgo Stockade, yesterday, on the body of James Williams, a prisoner of the Crown undergoing a sentence of ten years' penal servitude. De ceased was admitted to the hospital, on the 10th inst., anil wns regularly attended nnd prescribed for up to his dentil, which otcurred on Thursday Inst. The cause of deatli was pleurisy. Tho jury returned a verdict to that effect. The following incident of travel, as recorded in the Bnllnarnt Star, is deserving of being suf ficiently impressed upon the mind of the Com missioner of Bonds and' Bridges as not to be obliterated by the time he proposes liis estimates ; — " A few days ago a gentleman nnd lady re siding at Smythcsdalc paid a visit to Bnllaarat, and started on the return journey nt 3 p.m., tiie vehicle employed being n one-horse buggy. .When a few miles out of Bnllnarnt the liorse and buggy stuck fust in one of the innumerable abysses of adhesive mud which hnve so long made the track between this town and Smytlics- dnlo notorious. The horse, in his spasmodic endeavours to get out of the difficulty, broke the harness and a part of the buggy, and bolted into tiie hush, having first jerked the luckless gcntlcmnn who "tooled" him clean over the dashboard into the hog. As this flying leap ended in a lateral extension of the corpus, the unfortunate did not get smothered, but even tually floundered safe to the shore. The next thing was to recover the errant horse, and after emerging from the mud, the traveller left his desolate wife and inextricable buggy in the mud, while lie went into the bush after the vagrant animal. The weather was inhospitable, the locality lonely, nnd tho emotions of the lady therefore not of the liveliest. Sad nnd silent, her melancholy wns at length surprised by the advent of a rural butcher wlio broke the silence with " Hollo, mum ; what aro you doing here V A brief and plaintive narrative of her woes led to the hapless lady being invited to walk through tho mud to the butcher's home, pending the return of tho horse nnd ids driver ; hut this hospitable offer wns rejected, as stores of pur chases just made in town required the lady's watchful enrc. Tho butcher went away, and by and by the horse was brought back by its exhausted. hunter. Tiie lady was now left to her lonely fate while the husband rode on the horse's bnre bnck to Bnllanrat for a fresh equi page. The new " turn out" mode its appear ance soon after dark, to the great relief of the now terrified and benumbed prisoner. The discarded vehicle wns consigned to the care of a man appointed, nnd the conjugal pair again were cn route with a new buggy nnd a new horse, plus two bright lamps. On through the now dark night and constant mud holes the pair bumped along, till suddenly, nt a fiercer lurch than usual, one of the lamps fell like n star from heaven into the mud. The husband pulled up, leaned over the side of the buggy to recover the lamp, nnd fell once more headlong into tho mire. With true womanly and wifely devotion, or else by force of (ovcr-haluncing) circumstances, the wife was at once pitched out also, and both lay sprawling in the mud. Tiie husband, with superhuman efforts, extricated himself nnd spouse from the mud, hut not till the lady, exhausted hy all she had gone through in the fearful transit thus far, fainted in his arms. Thus covered with mud, benighted, bushed, the liusbnnd had to wait while his suffering wife recovered, and then another start was made, and finally, at nine p.m., the very much enduring pair arrived, tired aud disgusted, at home. The suliscriptions obtained in the Ovens dis trict towards the Lnncasliirc Belief Fund amount, to the present time, to nliout L700. Subscriptions received after four o'clock this afternoon are, according to tho Ovens nnd Jlur- rny Advertiser, to he forwarded on Jlonday to Melbourne " hy telegraph " for transmission hy the English mnil. Jonathan can't bent tlint. The detective police in Geclong have succeeded in arresting the persons who have of late sys tematically enrried on a plan for robbing hotels in and around the city. About 1.400 worth, of jewellery wns found on the premises where the prisoners were arrested. One feature in their scheme was to return such property ns tlicy found could not he readily disposed of without exciting suspicion; accompanying tho return of such property, witli an anoymous note, ex plaining the reason for their conduct. They were to he brought before the City Court yesterday. In the District Court, yesterday, Mr. G. S. Hough, late proprietor of the Victorian, was summoned hy Jir. James Stiff for the sum of L9 5s. The defendant admitted the debt, hut nt the same time repudiated the liability, ns the proprietorship hnd passed into other linnds. A verdict was given for the plaintiff with costs. At tho City Court, yesterday, Duncan Colt- hurst Patterson, the clerk in the Bonds nnd Bridges Department, was commitcd for trial oil throe distinct charges of forgery. The evi dence taken previously wns merely rend over to the witnesses, and the prisoner offered no de fence. The police have succeeded in clearing out nil the houses of ili-fnine fronting the Jlodel School in Spring street, nnd it would he as well now if they turned their attention to some of our other principal thoroughfares in the immediate neighbourhood. George William Chester, who was arrested by Detective Black on the previous day in Fitzroy, for being concerned in the late wholesale rob beries in Collingwood, wns yesterday brought before the City Court, on four charges of steal ing from dwelling houses, nnd was remanded lor seven days. The business disposed of at tho St. Kiida Folic Court, yesterday, was generally of an unim portant nature. A man named O'Connor wns charged witli committing a breach of the pence, and tho magistrates (Dr. JI'Kenzio, Jir. Joseph Wilkie, JI.L.A., and Jir. Ingles Patterson fined the delinquent 5s, and ordered him to be bound over to keep the pence for two months. At tiie East Collingwood Police Court, yester day, a case, Bowdcn v Chcsney, was called on, the summons boingfor maintenance of illegitmnte children. It appeared thnt there was some in formality in the proceedings, and the hearing of the case was put back till next court day. Jliss Aitken, an elocutionist who lias recently arrived in tills cofeny with a favourable reputa tion from Englnnd, will mnkc her first nppenr- nnce before an Australian audience on Tuesday evening, nt the Exhibition Building. Mr. JIarquis Chisholm will nccompany Miss Aitken in her literary and musical entertainment, and the programme, which includes selections from Burns, Tennyson, nnd Scott, appears likely to attract a good audience. Tho class which wns so successfully inau gurated last week under Jir. T. P. II111, for tho study and practice of elocutiou, will meet this evening at the Melbourne Mechanics' Institu tion, nt 7 o'clock. Wc understand timt nearly forty gentlemen have already enrolled tiicir names as members. Whatever misgivings may have existed in the city respecting certain histrionic qualifications of Jir. Barry Sullivan, they must, we feci assured, have melted awny, like snow heucnth the sun shine, on the occasion of tlint gentleman's im personation of " Bichnrd the Third " nt the Theatre Boyal on Thursday evening. It was a decided triumph. And this great success, it is pleasant to record, wns the. result — not of mclodrnmntic claptrap, for that- was nowhere seen throughout the entire performance — not of far fetched attitudinising or 6tngo trickery, for these never manifested themselves — not of curry ing favour with the occupants of Olympus, for the attempt was never made ; hut simply to the intellectual treatment of the Scholar, and the keen aud varied perceptions of the Artist. There was no lack of power. From the delivery of the famous soliloquy, " Now is the winter of our discontent, etc.," down to the last fenrful struggle which makes " darkness the buricr of the dead," the audience felt thnt Boscius wns on the scene. The distinguishing characteristics of this great performance struck lis ns being force of character, indomitable will, grasp of concep tion, vigorous delineation of antagonistic passions, command over resources mental ns well ns physical, effective bye-play, and extraordinary facial expression. Wc have not for many a long day seen an actor make so much " play " with his features. This power, which more than any other, marks the performance of a first-class artist, was strikingly illustrated iu the scene where Gloster murders the unhappy King. As Henry re counted the long catalogue of crimes committed by the destroyer of his son, tho colour of the guilty Duke came and went, the corners of the mouth turned nnd twitched, the brow lowered and darkened, to such nn extent that no man, woman, or child, in boxes, pit, or gallery, who watched these changes come nnd go, could hnve had the slightest difficulty in reading on the face what was pnssing in the heart of him whose sword was about to drink the blood of Lancaster. Ait this was very fine. Again, in the scene with Lady Anne, when her husband's body is on its way to the final resting-plnee, how 'admi rably hy look alone the dissembling nature of " thnt rag of honour, the detested Bichnrd," wns mnde lo work upon a woman's weakness ! "Youohsafe, divine perfection of a woman, Of these supposed evils, to give me leave, By circumstance to acquit myself. During the delivery of these nnd the subsequent passages in the scene to which attention is drawn, it was almost impossible to resist the impression that Gloster " seemed a saint when most lie plnycd the devil." And this is just what tho conception of the poet desiderates. The scone in which Bichnrd appears as " the Lord's Annotated" deserves mention. Sir. Suilivnu wns magnificently robed, nnd he looked like one who could he in men's despite a monarch." The actor seemed to feel timt lie hnd reached " the golden round " of his ambition, and plnycd accordingly. By the way, wc did not approve ofthe old traditional co3tumc assumed by the Duke of Gloster. "Wo remember it being rather different at Sndler's Wells, when Jir. Phelps banished Colley Cibber from the stage nnd re stored the text of Slinkspjre to the drama. But without stopping to make ill-timed comparisons, let us call attention to one or two more striking features of the performance. The tent 9cenc is familiar to all play-goers ; yet it may be doubted whether any actor, living or dead, ever evoked a more profound sensation than did Mr. Sullivan on the occasion in question. Tiie horror de picted on tho face and hy the voice when, after the midnight vision of the ghosts of his murdered victims, the king starts wildly from his couch and exclainis while sinking on his knees— "Give me another horse! hind up my wounds — Have mercy Jcau !" was something, once seen nnd heard, never to he forgotten. The acting here was magnificent, nnd hroughtdown a burst of irresistible applause. Equnlly good, though necessarily less demon strative, was Hie thoughtful style in which, witli chart in hand, lie sketched on the ground witii the point of his sword the plan of operations of the coming dny. But the crowning tiling of tho night, nltliough perhaps a little too pro tracted, wns the combat with Hichmoiul. Here the all defying daring courage of Bichard came out in a manner that sent the blood dancing quickly through the veins of all that witnessed it. Everybody wns made to feel tlint the monarch hnd indeed stnkcd Ids life upon a enst, nnd that lie was resolved to stand the hazard of the die. The audience were now wrought up to a very high pitcli of excitement, and when the sword of Biclimoml hml for ever silenced tiio hustling spirit of his enemy, the curtain fell ninidst n perfect torrent of npplnusc nnd univcrsn! cries for " Barry Sullivan." He hnd been re .called at the end of every preceding net, and lie now received one of those ovations which are only awarded to a few, and wliicli must have made the actor, ns lie gracefully bowed Ids acknowledgements to the audience, feci tlint the public of Jlelbourne arc not insen sible to the claims of men of talent, nnd will not he slow in showing their appreciation of it. In closing those " impressions," we would venture a word of ndvico which we trust will he received in the spirit with which it Is given. It is this. Jir. Sullivan lias n tendency, in ids desire to be distinct in Ids enunciation, to be ovcr-distiuct. Ho frequently lingers too long on lii9 words nnd consonants — thus " tears," nnd " fears," ami other words of a similar kind become elongated into t-e-c-c-a-rs, f-c-c-n-rs, etc. This is n fault which will doubtless be immediately re medied. We heartily congratulate Mr. Sulli van on the success lie has achieved, and hope that lie will go on in the profession of which lie is so bright nn ornament, prospering and to prosper. The hall is now at' his feet ; it is for liiin to kick it. Of the representatives of tho subordinate characters in the tragedy, it is only necessary to say tlint all were painstaking, nnd did their best to accelerate the success with which the performance of Bichnrd the Third wns crowned. The production of " A Jlidsummer Night's Dream " nt the Princess' Theatre is an event in the Jlelbourne theatrical world which justly entitles the management to tiie profitable success which the piece is likely to achieve. However mucli our ideas mny have changed for good or ill, there can he little doubt in the minds of ail bona fide lovers of -the drama thnt Sliak- spcrc's comedy, as represented last night, is calculated to mnkc a proper impression on tiie audience, and elevate the stage to its proper position. The play lins been extremely well put upon the stage, every detail seems to have been regarded, and the mise cn scene is of nn excellence seldom witnessed in this colony. Tho scenery, which we need scarcely mention is an iinportaut feature in the proper representation of the comedy, is of uncommon merit. Some of the paintings display more than ordinary skill and were justly appreciated hy the audience who, nt the conclusion of the fourtli act, insisted upon the presence of Mr. Tannett, to convey tiicir personal tribute of admiration. The cast of tiie comedy is, we may say without hesitation, one of the best that lias yet appeared in this city, and is reflective of the highest credit upon the drama in this colony. To say that the characters are well represented is almost an injustice to most of the dramatis persomc. Jir. Jcilcrson appeared as Bottom, and wa3 certainly properly diverting, perlinps loo much so. The part is not, however, in our opinion, one in which Jh. Jefferson islikcly to shine. That gentleman can do so many tilings so exceedingly well tlint we think it a pity tlint lie should do anything which places him at a disadvantage, and to our fancy the character of Bottom is far from one of his triumphs. As ' Puck, Jliss Julia JIathews exhibits an amount of vivacity which gained for her immense favour. The peculiar attributes of the miscfiief-loving youth afforded nn excellent opportunity of Miss Mathews displaying tnlent of a very high order. Her constant presence on tlicstagc wns evidently welcome to the audience, nnd the rendering of the beautiful -duct, " I Know n Bank where the Wild Thyme Grows," by Jliss Emma Neville and Jliss Julia JIathews, created quite a furore, nnd a repetition was unanimously demanded. As Oberou, Jliss Neville looked exceedingly well. We cannot say much in favour of her acting, hut her fine vocalisation made ample amends for every otiicr defect. Jlrs. Ilcir, nltliough not a faultless Helena, acted with great care, and considering the physique of that lady, she wns highly suc cessful. We might, however, suggest that the extraordinary, nnd almost unnatural, inflection of the voico adopted by Jlrs. Ilcir is inconsistent with the character she assumes. Jliss Bosa Dunn sustained the part of Ilermia creditably, and the remainder of tiio dramatis persomc wore well filled. During the performance the ap plause was frequent, nnd we consider it but j ustice to say that we have seldom witnessed a piece so well put on the stage as this production. The orchestral arrangements are under the direction of Jir. George Lodcr, and the whole of. Jlendclssohn's music is given in admirable style. The noting throughout is commendable, nnd the comedy appears likely to enjoy a long run. 