CONFIRMATION AT ST: PATRICK'S. un tneaistult., the Sacramentof Confirmation Was administered by his Grace the Arctbishop, at St. Patrick's, to upwards of a hundred persons, most of whom were young girls who had been under in struction for some time by the Nuns of the Good Shepherd. At eleven o'clock, the Archbishop, attended by the Very Rev. S. A. Sheehy, V.G., arrived at the oor of the Church, and was received by the Very Rev. Archdeacon M'Encroe, by whom he was- con- uuuieu io nis, piace at the altar. English prayer* *ere then said by Archdeacon M'Encroe ;' after which the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass was celebrated by Father O'Shea. At its conclusion, the Arch bishop addressed the candidates for Confirmation previous to the administration of the Sacrament* He reminded them that man's life was a warfare upon earth— a warfare, not against any human agencies, but against principalities, and powers, and the spirits of wickedness in the high places; wherefore St. Paul admonished the faithful to put on thearmour of God, that by. holding fast to the uwuuipies oi jjaun, tney might be able to extin guish the fiery darts of the most wicked one. Another Apostle, seemed to refer to this continual ?struggle against the corruption of our nature when he exclaims, '.Unhappy man that I am,' w^o shall deliver me from the body of this death W But the Apostle also said, 'Blessed is the man that suffers temptation ;' because in this warfare the mean3 are given to us by a, merciful G;od 'to: overcome temptations under whatever, circumstance's. Among; the means of overcoming, temptation, prayer was one of the most powerful. We were commanded always to.Jbe_..pn_the_ watch . against' our spiritual enemies.; and as soon as we were attacked.by them, by prayer are we enabled to resist and to overcome them. We had fallen by the sin of our first parents; but if sin had come: into the world through them, by the merits of Jesus Christ we bad obtained grace to overcome our soiritual Annmi«a. Prayer offered with ;a contrite heart woulji never fail to obtain our lawful requests;' and if man has fallen through his own fault, it opens to him the means of deliverance. But, besides prayers, there were other means of salvation extended, to us. The^ Sscraments were the channels by which the merits of Christ's Passion were communicated to us, and threugh which We received spiritual life. Without the merits' -of Jesus Christ applied to our souls through 'the - Sacrament of Baptism we could riot see: God, and he had ordained that that Sacrament should be administered to us as soon as we were born in order that we mightrecover that spiritual life which had been forfeited by the sin or our nm parents, ana that' our eternal happi ness might be secured. But it was enough tBat-we should receive spiritual life we'must grow into the full stature of Christians, and undertake the duties proper to our' state of life that tHe Sacrament of Cbn» firmatibn::had' been instituted fto strengthen the graces conferred upon us in baptism, and to impart to -us fresh' ones to enable us toperform our duties as servants of Jesus Christ under any circum stances.. 'Our Lord had iustituted the Sacraments of the Blessed Eucharist, in 'which rhe was truly and really1 present, and of Penance to enable us to work but our salvation, and to these two Sacraments we were expected to have recourse 'but the Sacra-: ment of Ctinfirmation differed from either of these* inasmuch1 as it impressed a characterWthe bouI by which we became soldiers of Jesus Christ, and in this character it retained' fot time and eternity. It was not enough that the Apostles were -three years constantly1 with Jesus Christ, it was necessary that they should retire ' from the world and prepare themselves -by fervent prayer to receive the Spirit of Truth, which should teach' them all truth ; and they were afterwards directed to administer the same Sacrament to the faithful, and'as Jesus Chnst had appointed Baptism to be the channel of grace, by which the waters of life flowed into our souls to the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit would descend upoa them on the imposition of hands with prayer. By the anointing with chrism they would became holy like the vessels rif the sanfihi'arxr.fJipw vchnlA kn^^n temples consecrated to the living God' and disciples of the Cross of Christ. Bytheblow on the cheek they wduld be taught to keep their passions in sub jection under whatever provocation, and: to possess their souls in peace. Let them humble their souls in fervent prayer, let them ask pardon for the sins they' had committed, and earnestly desire the Holy Spirit to take possession of their souls. ? ? ' The candidates for Confirmation then advanced two'by two to' receive ;th£ Sicrament/ the girls and women also occupied the seats »of the naive, iic me diately first, arid afterwards! the - boys and men who were seated in the uewon the enistle s1rl» nnnnmite the altar of the Blessed Virgin. (After the adminis tration of the Sacrament his Grace made a short ad dress on its . duties and obligations. ? By the recep tion of. the Sacrament of Confirmation the Apostle* had been enabled to speak in divers tongues, by which they converted nations to the faith of Jesus Christ, .and they could effect the same means in a different manner by speaking and acting acording to the Spirit of God. Let not detraction * or impure language ever be heard^ from their lipt, *'&t; ipiVit of reserve' and xeco lection. , Let the ?S?PoJto the spirit of the world, the spirit of tl,e Gospel to the spirit of wilfullness the .pint qi ?f^atosandhumility. Let them observe all h.e V'Saya of fasting and abstinence appointed by the »3Srch. Let them oppose to the spirit of frivolity 9'andvahity, the' spirit 'of. Christian humility. He implored parents in no pretext of giving a higher ^Scation to their children, or placing them in,a 7?£ieh'er sphere of society to sacrifice them, as was the ^'custom at the present time to the pride and vanity V%i :the world. It, would be a small consolation ? IiJto '?' them to know that the cost of their ?Children's education' had been the corruption of ''?'ih'eir morals and the profanation of the temples of 2.'the Holy Ghost, whose walls would be laid prod \- ;irkk arid whose gates would be profaned, tor ? tbe f.VaHe. of miserable vanity, unto all eternity. If by 11 the fault of parents religion was made a mockery, ijfand its Ministers spoken of with contempt, God would demand the blood of their childien at their fJ?-liands. But it was in vain to instruct children un ''-less parents set f them a good example at home, an£ broaght them up in the fear and love of God. qi ?what avail would it be to tell. their children tp tfubdue their temper and to govern their appetites -'# ;:they themselves constantly gave' way to the ?!?.:, J - ,..,.?? ? _„ 3 ie fUov inrlniored their ' violence 01 ineir temper, uuu u. m.wj ?« — e ~i .7. . !6'appetites and were slaves, to sensuality ? Let them *f:inake their houses holy as the Church of God by grayer and, above all, by good example. ^ If we fulfilled our duties as we ought, the God of infinite VVercy would have compassion on bur lmperfec ''tipnB, and would reward us with the brightness of V-Hislove.' ' .' , ,.l n'-i The. Archbishop then gave his solemn benedie s'tionVand immediately afterwards left the church, ^attended by the Archdeacon and cro&B-bearer;, an|d 1 acolytes bearing candles. . . ?i;r' Previous to the commencement of Mass, and at r-':ihV conclusion of Confirmation, two hymns werje ??''iwinoi fc« f-iP »irla rfineivinff Confirmation with very beautiful effect. Generally speaking, the miserably ''Uethodistical, drawling manner in which the 1 'iymns are sung by the children in all the churches 5 -of ~ Sydney. is absolutely painful to listen to: there u js no precision whatever in their method of singing E!i-ho attention to time or tune, the chief effect upon ''the' congregation being to wish themselves out of ? ;the chnrch as soon as possible; but the manner in 1 which the girls sang the two' hymns on Sunday '^reflects the greatest credit both on themselves and Jibri those who undertook the task of instructing o!ihem. We hope so good an example will stimulate b'' the children in other districts to a little more ^exertion ; and as a Choral Society is, we believe, -'shUtly to be established at St. Mary's, we hope o before lone the choral services at our churches in ! Sydney will be executed in a little mors satisfactory f' jnanner than they are now. 