FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1862. THE first stp in the advancement of any new country is from pastoral pursuits to agricultural. For this assertion we have got the precedent of every known civilised nation which has existed from the beginning of the world to the present date, and towards this state of progression North Gippsland has made a great stride during the last few days, when over fifty thousand acres have been purchased and leased under the new Land Act. This distribution of the people's lands has been particularly favorable to, the small capitalists; the allotments were of moderate size, and the drawing was so arranged that it became an impossibility for any one person to monopolize any very extended portion of the country, unless he afterwards purchased from the fortunate possessor land which may have adjoined that, which he had previously drawn for himself. But a very few months have elapsed since we foresaw that the then existing land law of Victoria was antiquated and obstructive to the settlement of a large population. The absorption of the whole of the agricultural area in Gippsland by a very small class of crown tenants was inconsistent with the social pro gress of the age, when the occu pants had neither the energy or spirit of proprietors ,they had land in abun dance, and they left it to lie in its pristine state, unimproved and ne glected and not producing fronm the soil one fourth of what it was capa ble of bringing forth. When land is parcelled out :into immense tracts, forw hich- iio tenure exists, aie cannot expect:. hat theresouicea of the ?oil will be made the most of tenianits willniiot ;imiprd?e withont 'a hlength ened tenure, 'iut once lot them be coioe owners wheni eviery shilling laid ot' iniriffiprovement-is sur" to ,bring its .own?,reward, and then; we shall find thati;the circumscribed property, iwithithe ·ownership vested in the occupiers, will-be found capa bl of 'producing -more than the almost:bouindless area previously in possession of the tehant at will. Thereis o'counttry prosperous where an independant ,lass. of free-holders. do riot exist, Tlho mar n'wlho stands on:., l? ane.po.s 0 e1s indepen dencyof soliiit'hi ch 6eii=nev?er ibo arrived t,b by th'e mere occupier of land, who may be deprived of his holding either bylihe despotic poweis of individuals, or the veto of a Par liamenit.; Thde opening of.' the lands to purchasers f?r"actual 'occupation will do muich,.toward' renidering stable the Constifution of. Victoria. The Times corirspondent 'need, no longer fear ropldiation .;the stnump orator has last his callinggl; aind the Easteri n ?iarkethsto ireturn .to its legitimate occupation.; ",'No. longer 'shall we dread the spirit of demo cracy:which at ~rie timie was':looked on 'as a plague:arid a scourge sent'to dovastato the colony, fr its adoption of a:libe~al and.'bxteidedd franchisb. With the possession' of ,oiibjerty, diviied aniongst so manyn; all these fears" midst.eeho' ; :landed' projarie tors holding .astake, in' the ' country htive ;bahin so augmented, that. their iiumllcrs alogqo mst,lkeeopi alxtreme mieasures. in, dcheck, and, vith .the settlement-of'this clYss of yeomanry amongst'us we shall soon rank second to no other colony of Great Britain. Victoria; young Is. she is, has done much towar ?s.takling a rank amongst the proddeing countries of the world, and this, notwithstanding it bad land la-rvinternal broils, and the digres sion which gold mining has caused from all the more legitimate trades and maInufactures. "With the pos. session of real property by so many, we may expect more permanence, more entorprise;aind inore extended' fields of" operation, than when mein were obliged either to take them selves to the gold- fields for employ ment or rent or purchase land at exhorbitant rates. It is to this permanence and "stability that:Vic. toria must owe her future place amongst nations, and without! the present: concessions, dragged. forth thou@gh they were by the -voice of the multitude, we should daily have deseended. lower and lower in thef scale of civiliiation, with no other resource but :.our fi?eks and herds and our, gold fields as long as they. continue to. yiold a'remuneration for' the miners' labor :-All classes'have now go.a stake in the.country, and hichh:lias lie?dnso strongly e.vinic?d dring ' thel last few years, i to emiugrate o-' England and to other colonies. By giving =possessiori of the land.w i create homes ifor thiousands, and they,.in .thcir.turn;, induce thousands mdre 'to' coni from" the 'old country and join themi in this. IT is amusin, to read the hebdomadal iiemanations of ,our. contemporary, The •GuardialnFiher3j i ded forth to the world asthey are, with a flourish of trumpets, spoupdingtheir own laudations. as a pre face-, to spome grave admonition or. egotistcal -reproof,, especially intcn ed for the benefit- of North Gippsland. Charlatans are, however, proie'to raise themselves, and as such e ,must- nnake some allowance for theliselfcomplaisance with whlich the -silly. organ; of South Gippsland arrogates to itself the posses sion of the" panacea whichl is alone necessary to place this district, in a position to .insure its permanent pros perity, by. uniting it with the energy and pereverance of tlie South. :For some considerable, time we have withstoodm the, uncalled-for attacks of the Guardian, and .even forga;ve its interference with our political interosts during the late electionrnoverthhloss-.its continued' philippics,' not' only. directed at-ourselves, but hurled at the whole of North Gippslanid, .mast at last be brbught to a ciose; dreading'the iiflux ence which blhey may' ij line inimlead ing others W?iho'do not kLknowthe Giuar= digit and its fugitioe policy as wellias we. do. k :lealer. whili appeared in our contemporary of Friday-last would call forlittlo ireiiirk did it not distinctly imply that the " Times had not pointed out," to use the .iwriter's elegant ox Irdssion,' thle 'ghost 'of a sketch of the way in which to secure thatpopulation' as permanent and ineradicable wealth to North Gippaland.: Ilad the ?wiriti~ of this articlel:read: tlis; Times, he might have discovered -that ieok after week, .wi have nadvoidted tlim clearihg of roads between thIe angiicultural areas of G ippsl, land. and the -various, goldhildds ; w hads aivoeated postal communicationi and we have largely entered into the necessity of police protection, a Go-. verument eicort, and the proclamation of Gippslind into: a Sparato. maiingr district. rThese we blievme to e the first and greatest .wants of the miners, and:lreqluiro1: immediato :action: to, be taken in enforcimgi their necessi ty, and thuiis: by addinig to, their comforts' and security, eo, may be enabledito retairi a portion 'of the late arrivals amongs' uis, andlounteorat thd glowing tempta tionsinw held out to induce them to leave this country for. New- Zcalaind. These arera: few tliingewhiclu the.press of North Gippsland:h:is advocated, arid notwithlstanadiug their urgency' aIndhic expensveneuasithey ared stillt unhooded byj;tho parentil Goverminment khicli cve have the hapieisieiS'to poDsess.. Haid we fqllowed them'narrow-nfinded policy of ilie Giiardian, vewo. should not oven now have stirred a singlo stop from the onoeall-absorbin iqistion of a train way to Port Albert, and, hladwo' written our: peins'blhlt and' oi'r'ihli:bosficeh i 'diy we could not have advanced the subject one sinigle iotas,- until the time: had arrived 'whlen we. had' a sufficidit' pou ldtion aid tradle to nmako sona certain return for. the outlany. HeIIro, then, was the question to'grapple iIth-weo requiroei heap and i asy commumication 'bitweeu'n North Gippelaud andtlihe me tropolis; which is the readiest memns of its 'accomplishmient? ' Tllis was iltie broadlbasis on wlhich our policy stood, and, we cwill now follow the course adopted by North Guppsland to ensure the perinamoney of any step ch iili may ho taklen fuithir to develoip, tli re resources of their district. A universal cry for land was heard all over .the colony, at first a gentle murmuring was bruited in the distanco. but gradually it became louder and more distlinct, until at last it reached that cliniax which admits of nodenial, when a de terminid 'epil, united infone.solemn" mais, loudly demanded their .rights. Amidst the struggle of -monopoly, against political rights, North.Gipps land stood foremost; boldly she advo cated the settleinent'of a large 4 'FoiplB-' tion on her rich plains ; there was room for thousandnd, ad with -these would come new .capital, new. energy, and: a new necessity for opening up a cheap comm in icitibiithlth' tha seae 0 'the suicidal policy pursued By the -'G1ii dian ainnidst thiis igrand" strugga we wish to call p no unpleasant reinis cences, they, - condemned our proceed ings, end upheld a system that wa fast mouldering into decay-they, hwdever, wanted:.theicr tramicy w; desir a an-e'other' schem" lwhichn may. .be adopted might deridoe remunerative support. A. tramway- without' trade,' would, be- like -Port -Albert: witlout. North Gippisland--neither useful 'nor ornamental. -We consistntly advocated the grand foundation of all trade, and we thus alled in'procuring'for Qip'ps laud a source of wealth and population more stable and reiimunerative than the nomads of the gold-fields, which, at any time, are only prodictive of temporary benefits to this or .any odilier dcountry district' Of the unprecedented success of unlocking t heland;. the statistics of the land offieo for the last week bear ample tostimoiy, when over t0,000 acres was alie~ated from the Crown :at the lahid;ofi?- of Silo. '-thi-result we were far-sightodenough: to' prbmul gate; but to the Guardian it wai ob scured by tlh'everlasting inote in the shapo of.. tramnway,twhich;has.so long aind,. o, uuin upteudly.',darkinedh i its vision.., The Guardiahn:says that the Jordan :waes discovered' by "chance' to bo as available to North Gippislanud as, th Jamieson..! tlis no doubt anportion of theo policy of' thq Giardian to shlut its eye?..: to : all;' facts- which:i !it. ihas not tlie" dciitonesd :to: discover it self *l.idl'ihey 'reaithe Tio ias they wduld lime been aware that long before tli Jo rdai was ever made kiuo.yi, to thi'ns -ri6politan ir6essthe I)ixes had published' tho ropopril.off a new a l, very rich gold-field being discovereod on the lieal of the I homsoi.river, an that, up t tlholimno. whienfi all denial of suhiiTfacts. wero ulstiloi; it pe0rsistently adhered.to.that declaratioon 'dspite i6 tl 'overwhelming power of, tho: whole of the Melbourne press, and thatiduring tho struggleo? tob mainitain oui r ol^ltful ownership,.to the dispu.ted'eatattethd Guardian thorbuglly; ignoredI our oex ertions and dneithertai-led. by'j -ýrd or deed our claimi to supply. those gold fields witi tthe productions of'our'dis trict,:, : claim :'whiih;; frdm 'in' 'Illtii. mate knowledgo of the peutliiir:formia tion of the couatry, nnd, tlt. equ?rso of the liaiu hain of the dividing range, appeared.so palih oble io us tliat wie-'in lieitatingly took.on oursolvesthe res ponsibility of claiming thoise fields as our own, hiti ;Nor.h Gippslaii d 'thi die trict from which" tleir cereal suppies inus b derive d. Again, ; the 3rd of April,' ininediatly after reading the report of Lhie cnergetiu discoverer, dated Jordan, March;ithe 9th,' which pipearAe the latter end of the same month ii the Melbournea Argus, we positively stated theoJordan'-to ;be imo Gippsland, and easily accessible. That . our, infor mation w.taisiibttho ricsul t of acoiddiht, throee months 'sinl'glo-hailued 'p?srf ver ing advocacy mustiav fuill demon strated, and the result' hqs provod'on what; aR;.fsolid -founddatiow' oturopiution was erected. The CGuai'dius continues, in a rhapsodical traini and talks of burying a; leo6g. vista of tlie pastii'n a ." whitineied' Bee"lelro;of propi. :y.;" 'formerly wo were not,' they sah,."very prpsperqus,Tbut.owe are' greatly so now," consequently, prosperity' muiist' have erected a'sepulclire 'for itfself whilst it iitality wasin existence, ,but ..whther it bocame wrhitoned by the ihand of time or by whitewash, the Giardlan sayoth nut., :,We haye, howevper,.said enough about the Guardian and its: tramway, whidi schbm.e 'got premaiturely nipped in the bud by the imprudence of its first advocates, whvo declared'that thoy did mot .require the assistance: of North Gippsland tO iensure its construotion, and, heno, arose, the laohesss whiclicid shown hero at the initiatory procod ings,ivwhich a'rosaid' to bb now tall iig for that ,purpoap in the southdrn dis trict, but of whidih we ourseolves know nothing. Believing, however, that North Gippsland is becoming, daily more interested .i the b the means of internal traffie, a a cheap communication wit thI hoard, we cannot tnuch longer o inactive in this ýatter li wffi- enl aine, ^ligih isat cheapest. means of.nccompli task-T ?- Vhether by: peninogt gation of the LatrobC ts far as thei and thence by BOrnntt and Ca traec to Dlandeonog, or by" Portf and Welshpool ? ':whether logged o.~tramways:are .most . suitbleoJo vwantts'of tho district; or wheth iron horse would sot, after all ,, cheapst nd 'best;? Itwould 101 the o"pino" s of the repr psnt' nine-tentlhs of~e yealth of Gip \--the residents ofl 'uipe' 'd'ri Uppler dit .Were consulted on these flntters,0m appear to-laven particiilarblijtib receive the dictatipns of a o?ieglOelh S 'oiN tsl in'i.a finality to L moat 'reiollet that, iwhileite aSoi ,has iretro raded, tho North.l ha vaneed ; that' now men and iiWc LC have, found their way'here, .id tley are 'no likely ýto' a*dopt " diatelly t1io firAt sclieme whiclii'l districbt attempts .to. blully the .itI ThIese people will douttlos. , 6ill to e convince?f thargmtnta .vanEed aro held forwar, wIith.soinolil showv rof. reason, but they wsillobt-- vano top'if piobed to stiby,' b designated dolts and. idiots If t;t Guardian is ?o - namniored of a ira way, there are mauy ihere who wod lik.to kno wthe l cosi probable trig and rato per toi atlihich goods ol be transpirtd i"f this wan deoalirm, advance .their,'poiitibn .som.mwhat, bi wlufbt iit deals ninv inectivyasian t. tempted s?arcasms which .m?,it 'lat withiered the pi?i't?at triinsfe'?d'tfeia top aper-thby only do thir 'eas more Injury, and: a's: les good. Wi havo no desire to fall out with oirc'a tempora??ry 'hbidtould. rither' eo-o in nhythiug w,lich would advnethb interests. of .Gippsland, 1andi by 'blie reciprocatiing,-and iot, by 'shwiig k p qty, je.alousy at our prospirlty. earnestly.: believe .they: .would blett s?erve tho interests'of their, c6naitiueti ! and do -nuch -towards furthering I! objects wliiclih teyi hiv iii viw.. " 5/ ;?7 -'_..'._ " . ..... : " '? '( 