One of the most curious instruments in this extraordinary collection is a machine exhibited by Air. Peters for microscopic writing-, which is; infinitely more wonderful than Mr. Whit worth's machine for measuring the millionth of an inch, which exciti-d much astonishment, iii,1851.. Wi'li this machine of Mr. Peters, it'is stated that the words 'Mathew Marshall, ; .Rank of England.' can be written' in the two-and-a-half millionth part of an inch in length, and it is actually said that calculations. made on -, this ■.;• data,, show, that-: the ;whole of 'the i Bible-.: can be written twcn1y-tmo times in 1 the spaed of a square inch. - We must leavfl a' detailed de .••flription of this extraordinary instrument to I'uother occasion, and content ourselves now with simply saying' that the words to ho written ihicroscopiciilly are written in pencil, in ordi nary characters; on a" sheet ol paper at the bottom of the instrument. ' But the pencil j.virh.which this-is- done communicates, by a a erics of • levers and gimbals, with another -minute tablet at the top, by mtwus of which the ordinary writing of the pencil and the ".pencil, of.the'microscopic writing are both in unison,:though'the motion of the latter is so ^•rnduated that a stroke of a quarter of nn ■ inch at' the bottom is only a stroke of > quarter of a milliontli of an inch at the' top, the shape and character of > both marks 'being nevertheless precisely •he same in outline. As a matter, > of course, the microscopic writing at the top, is only visible under > powerful magnifiers, and the object of the machine is chiefly to mark bank > notes with certain minute signatures for the prevention of forgery. Such a > precaution, no .doubt, would prove an effectual stopper on counterfeit > notes, if only all tradesmen sup plied themselves with microscopes to > examine them, just as a little ordinary care woidd de tect any forgery. > Close by tin's- curious in strument is another almost ■ more curious stilly > with the existence of which the public are al ready, no doubt, aware from > the fines inflicted on the musical Savoyards who would piny t heir organs in > front of Mr. Bahbage's house.' This is Mr Babbage's great calculating mu-; > -chine, which will work quadrations and calcu late logarithms up to seven > places of figures. It was the account of this invention written iiy the late Lady Lovelace—Lord Byron's daughter—that led the Messrs. Scheutz, of Stockholm, to improve upon it to such an ex twit ns not only enabled the machine to calcu late its tables, but to print its results J This improvement was at once bought up by the English Government, but it is not now shown irit the Exhibition, as it is busy at Somerset House niglit and day working' out annuity -and other tables for the Registrar-General. Thesmall and by no means complicated ina chine'of Mr -Eabbag'e is in the gallery, how ever/ and we can only echo the regret ex pressed by all the many visitors that come to see'it that there is no one in attendance to show? and explain its mode of working. Near t his,'also,-are exhibited bullion scales which, when weighted with 3,000 ounces, turn with rhe addition of a single grain, and scales for ■ chemical' experiments which the thousandth of a grain will-move. Of course these latter are'under glass cases, as the addition of a sunbeam either way would almost suffice- to turn therh, and a momeut's exposure to dust would' instantly throw them out of order.— 1 tines, - 'Progress of Education.—Twenty years ngo, only 76 in e.veiy. 100. men who mar ried .in, .England, signed their names ,upon the registeivend 51 in^every,100;women, 'and KJ years later the percentage was but 69.6 ol die men, and ,56.1, of .the women1;: but in. t lie Inst.• seven jyears, a period .which ..probably, shows -in its marriages ,the result . chiefly of the . education .oft- the years -1840-18-15,,or, thereabouts,;, the /advance .lias, been .much greater,'- an'd the Registrar-General'reports that iti''• 1,860<the-jproportion of the men writing, t.hpir names had ;riseu»to 84.5,,and of women to (jft.8. i ,In .the whole 520 years the proportion uf .miin who write, has i;isen from being only t wo-thirdsr to be three-fourths, and of women •from being- n-half , to be: nearly' lworthirds, which mny.be ex| ressed with tolerable,accu racy: by. saying -tlnit where four, persons had to " mala1 ihoir mark " . then,, only three, do i-o now. ..i'l.hisj.is for all ilngland j. but the rate of progress ,-has, not; been - the same jn .every part • of the Kingdom.'' In Staffordshire the yiO- peiy- cent, pf women table to, write, 20,yenrs ^ago^has only rbpcoine. 48, and the 57 per. cent. ,'of jnien 60.: , Ainbng, the Curnishmen, the 64 per cent.' of 20 years ago, has barely,improyed ■into 05 r nnil;jufiI860,.scarcely.' 57,,|)erjcent..,61 . the women who - marriedi wrote their names. •In Monmouthshire :and, Wales the'proportion of .women who bail learnt; to, write, was much fewer,; in.South; Wales, only 42.pei; cent. ,,Ii] •as many,,-as -20 coun.ties in, England^ most • ngriuvilturiil' ilistiicts,.:and: alco in Vy'ales, the proportion of men, who can write is below, the (average, often greatly., below .it. Of the iwomerii who in IriCO, married in Bedfordshire, ■only. 5-t;8 per cent, sighed' the register; in the (West Hiding only 53.4 j ,iu Lancashire only ;45.9; Of. the women of England who became .wives in ,1860, more, than 60,000 have the disadvantage of being unable to write their •own names; more than 13,000 even of busy and acute Lancashire. In one marriage in every' six in all England, both man and woman were unable to write. • Fossiuferous Cave.—In a late issue we noticed that Mr. Amos Swift, of Cave Flat, Mumimbidg-ee, bad discovered in a cave the petrified head and paw of a native dog-. Unfortunately the fossil has been much muti lated, and only a small portion separated from the surrounding- stone. It appears that Mr. Swift, on entering the cave, found it to be about 9 feet high, and in the roof the fossil was discovered, the ribs and head of the ani mal being distinctly visible. A portion of the scull and jaw are now in our possession. Mr. Swift informs us that the roof of the cave is about 50 feet below the surface of the over lying- ground.— Yats Courier. Jlollowai/ s Pills for Indigestion, Stomach and Liver Complaints.—Persons suffering- from any dernng-ement of the liver, stomach, or the organs of dig- estion, should have recourse to II olloway's' Pills, as there is no medii-ine. known that acts on these particular complaints with such certain success. They strengthen i lie tone of the stomach, increase the apetite, purify.the blood, and correct depraved secre tions. In bowel complains they remove their primary cause, and soon restore the patient to round 'health. Nervous or sick headaches^ mid depression of spirits, may be speedily re' \ rneveu ov a bourse of these pills. They are' composed of rare balsams, without the ad mixture of a grain of mercury, or any noxious sul»tance anil are as safe as tliey are effica cious— . I do Unkxpectei;.—(Jan a man sec without eyes?" ask(!«l the professor. " Yes, sir," \va< the prompt answer. '• Pray, sir, how do von innke ihait oui ?" cried the professor '• He can see wi(h one, sir," replied the Juvenis. , Q.'hb Spirit Rapping Poli.t.—On one occasion: lately,, when the spirit of Doctor Juhnsrn^was celled, tip, the great shade, in answer to tho.que«tion, •'Are you the spirit ofOr.' Johnson ?" replied, "Yes; I are." This;of course .established the idi niity of the ghost at Of c •. A rash young man has tl re.itened to apply tlii! iVli.ine .liquor law lo his- sweetheart, she intoxica es hiin so. 