METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. | ' (From the Liverpool Albion) - " J LONDON, Saturday Evening, February 15 TFnaVaocond week of the session has cloi like tho first-nothing done ; and tho atte atcd condition of the notepapers tó-'t foreshadows OB little to do during the wi coming on. Fortunately, the ..talk, has Totten greatly in excess of the performance.. 1 has there been any reproduction in print spoken speeches thus far. Of coarse, ' and very proper course it is, we shall have p digious Dominie Sampson addresses on ache masters, by the noble educational President a Hight Honorable vice-President, put pamphlet lorna, carefully to be placed bes ?those " works which no gentleman's li bri should be without;" meaning, as Char Itamb used to say, works which no gentlem ever dreomB Of looking at. "And truly "of subj cot could this with greater truth' be si than of tho present pedagogue perturbation , t publicare being: persecuted with. Athearl 1B roted a remorseless bore ; but the electo ip must proclaim the contrary ; and the p fence of the M.P. must give countenance to t conventional imposture. Joe Hume's a George Thompson's interminable disquisitic on. tho genealogy of the ghost of the Rajah Sattara'a grandfather fell not more drearily tho senatorial spirit, listening for " that toes of tho soul,ihe*dinncr-bell," towards six o'cloi ?han did Thursday's hour and a half lucubrati in ono house, and two hours' in the other,' the momentous Revised Minute. Not tl Granville didn't speak wei', and Lowe v< woll. They did. None could have done bett few so well. Each bael conscientiously master the matter, and their manner of putting it vs masterly. Tho Earl chased tho objections tho Bcheme with an ardour worthy of a Master of Ibo Buck Hounds sitting to Cru shank for bis portrait as Herne the Hunter, ?way of frontispiece to Harrison Ainswortl " Windsor Castle ;" while Lowe, cloverost experts in making tho worse appear tho beti cause, made this good cause look Superlativ speaking with a ringing and distinct volubil: beside which tho utterances of old Matthews Young Rapid were the halting mumblings of crone. Eut all woutdn't do. Tho thing w intrinsically unattractive in itself; and it was 3iopele8B to make it " draw" as to extract a jo ont of conic sections. True, Chesterfield tc Iiis son that ono of tho most telling speeches ever made in patliament was upon the live topic of turning old almanacks into ni tonos; "revising minutes" indeed; starting -jfresh chronological reckoning as , to tko grazil «f Nebuchadnezzar, and memorable incidez .efthat sort. But then the peerless peer h -the politeness to add, that ho knew nothi: -whatever of tho theme he was talking of ; ai hence, doubtless, was able to treat it with alluring originality that took all listeners by t ears, p-itticuturly as the said hearers bad ' ne\ lioard a word about it boforo, it not being < pectod that " persons of quality" should. T case is different now, when a Stanhope, sayi nothing of a Brougham, can drive through t -whole circle of the sciences, without being ch longed for toll, whether on that juvenile brid of si<¡hs, the Pons Asinorum of Euclid, or tl hilarious arch [hoax] of old age, the inartictilati tale of Du Ghaillu's tail-less Gorilla. / And, speaking of Stanhope, the noble own of that name, himself the latest and best edit of the Chesterfieldian epistles, as one of tl same blood, though by no means of the sac kidnov, ought to be, carno forth last, nig against the North Americans, because of the barbarous mode' of making war. Possibly xoferenco to a once well-known and not y altogether obsoloto seven volumed work calk " History of England from the Peace of Utrecl to tho Peace of Versailles,-By the Right Hoi Lord Mahon," may prove that the practices COE plained of are not indigenous to the other hem sphere. Some people think that his lordshi ' may bo cited as an enoomiastio authority c ¡ Tvhat ho now condemns ; for it is ever the fate < Í a Peelite to contradict himself. Wo shall pn ; bably bo wiser on this* head by Tue flay evening, when the firBt Anglo-Yankee ski misti i 3 to acme off in the Gommons ; or perhap it would bo moro raoy of Saint Shillelagh soil t say "skrimmage," considering that a Donn; brook diplomatist is to trail the provocativ item on tho floor of the House, and to invit any pugnacious brother Greenlandar to fa boaovolcnt enough to put foot on the same, wit a viow to a goneral melee, as it is highly prol I ablo that the motion will bo opposed, though J moro routine ono of returns of ships that hav [ " contravened tho express proclamation of ho J Mnjosty by carrying contraband of war. ; Doubtless it will demand all Speaker Denison' decision to inhibit a fracas, in anticipatioi « whereof a shoal of transatlantic cousins, o \ both colours, may be oxpootcd to block u| . the paBsageB to, from, under, am j around all tho Gallones ;-Speakers, Strangers L and ospccinlly Ladies ; for the crinoline com [ fcuivo crittors aro boooming farica as tho inter j uecino feud deepens and tho embroilment witl aliens draws nigh. Several are white sergeants ; and aro drilling recruits with an alacrity thai ' might bring tho fair crimps within the claws o: j the Foreign Enlistment Act wore (here ac r Attorney-General less gallant in regard tc j domiciliary visits, or at toast less abroad or ;.. international law, than Sir W. Athorton. < i Tho personnel pf American politics is bo ! coming an institution in tho British capital, j Wheels within wheels in our sooial circle are i effeoiing strange revolution in the relations between John and'Jonathan. Federal cliques . And Confederate cotories continue to multiply, J "-to tho derangement of all previous calculations and complexions of ?» porty. The climax j of contradiction and incongruity seems capped by Rcpeolor O'Donoghue entoring tho lists against tho Secessionists, with" a notice of mo j lion meant to checkmate tho mavomont in J favour, of their moving off with thomsolveB. Hore bo oonfusion. thrice confounded indeed I I O'Donoghuo of the Lakes in general, and tho ' JDevil's Punch Bowl in particular, against Gre ' gory of tho Claddagh and the Tribes of Î* ^'Piaherty ;-Tipporary v. Galway ;-what but tho'catastrophe of tho Kilkenny eats can bo the doiiii^ement of such discord dirá? Tho : Orogorian ou5un*ii measured and methodic, if r not vory melodic, rises at presont above tho ?wilder Irish cry of th* Milesian chief ; and fills Jtho May-fair air with a" Bolgravian lamont ~àboixt those "dear black-" starlings who turo cuckooing » Wo can't out»" by season of tho blockade ;-awalrm?(ocT _°n this side tho hyper-Hibornoan ocho, " Wo can't got in." As to tho stony tmpodimoir.'' theroto, tho historic O'D. is said to bc already armod to tho tcotli, and moans to be mallod to tilts eyebrows, with prooodonts against perfidi- ous Albion. Suppojo ho begin with Dunkirk ? Although sold by tho English to the French for Jbalf a million storling, it had to bo destroyed bythe French, to satisfy tba English, undi tho treaty of» Utrecht ; and again, some yeai after, when ;v the. barbour waa re opened. ; ai a third Itinie, under, like conditions,- the po (made a, free : one ¡at the Watork peace) . being to - the present perk useless " " unless . for all but BDOI craft, although one of the most needed com mr cial havens on the whole north coast of Franc Perhopj, also, ¡there may be au occu attractiveness to the Suxon-bating Celt in th locality. It was here' ignominious rout ai ruin were inflicted on' the Duke of York, 1 that beardless boy-hero, H o oho, " beautiful i Absalom, brave as Achilles, chivalricTas tl Cid," who soon afterwards essayed an invasic ot Ireland, rendered abortive from the saa cause that Raffled the previous greatest' soldi of tho then century, the Duke ot Parma, wh< leading the Armada, to wit, a sea-BÏckenii sou'wester of a week's reach. The O'D., ma hap, will also rake up a good deal about Antwer inconvenient to Uncle Leopold's lieges, of Lie| and elsewhere, just now ; but not disagreeab to the lieges of the nephew of a certain oth Unele who used to call " Antwerp a pistol he at (he head of England j" and England toe care to draw the charge and break tho look tl firat opportunity. The Northern Zealots hero confess to bi a single mistake, the Talleyrnndic one, wor than a crims, namely, the blunder of not a; pointing Fremont to Paris, or rather, daub! fatuous, cancelling, the appointment when vi tually ; made. Were the' present man, Daytoi everything that could bo . desired, in a publ point of view, if he spoke French aa tersely t Thiers, as glowingly as Montalombcrt, wero I astute as Guizot, attractive to others as Wal weeki, on as good terms with himeelf as Pe signy, he would still be undesirable as con pared with Fremont. But when he can't eve ask for the " loan of a gridiron" in tho natn tongue, in tho manner of Lovers Murphy, an when that inability necessarily reduces him 1 the condition of a mummy and a dummy, tl mal apropos na'.uro of his fixings in such a loo tion, in the sardonic and ironic metropolis > tho gibing Gaul, becomes mortiíying indee Especially is it so at a moment like this, wbc so much is to bo done by finesse and badinage! tho artillery of raillery, and the thousand ind finable artifices of talon and boudoir, backstai and front, of minister and mistress, that wau tax the dexterity: of a veteran of Versatile Now, Fremont, though a born back-woodsma in his love of nature in its rudest types, wheth human, geologic, or geographic, forest or foo mountain or sea, is also, Uko many adventurat explorers of the same antique mould, a bo: courtier-of nimble wit, and subtle tongue, ar polished mien, and alluring manner-a dem gentilhomme by birth, and a whole chevalk sana peur et sans reproche, by training at idiosyncracy. Moreover, tho indomitable Pat finder has the perseverance of any three of tl dozen mules, he eat in tho frozen gorges the rocky mountains to keep himself fro being gorged upon by the cool vultures of th frigorifie altitude; and all the weal of California could not turn him from b course. . Besides, he is personally known to ai esteemed by Louis Napoleon, who was : America, after the Strasbourg wild-goose fligh when Fremont's long-growing fame culminate in tho opening to the spreading eagle of tl golden gates of the Pacific empire; and'll purchase of Fremont's auriferous Aladdin lamp, the Mariposa estate, containing sterlir. metal sufficient to load every floating thing upc the. terraqueous globe, has long boen among tl dreams of the imperial Monte Cristo. Last, and by no means least, Fremont's .wi is his veritable better half in all such matters t the Paris mission would embrace ; being a tn adept in the haute diplomatique, and,almost tl only non-retired ono living of tl Princess Lieven and Duchess of Oldenberi stamp; and, through intuition, as familiar wit the arcana of puppet moving as though st had graduated in the Kremlin, or sorved thr< apprenticeships to Nesselrode himself. In shof besides being a general favourito in Paris, ehe i an intellectual political puissanco of the fir class, and, as such, would have been potent wit tho Emporor, who is known to delight in sue capacity, and to regard its absence among Eur peans as anothor evidence of tho progressive di clension of tho race. Madame Fromonr, thong the reverse of what in England is understood b a strong minded woman, being spirituelle an undemonstrative, is daughter, and was sccrotar of ono of tho strongest-minded me of his time, Colonel Thomas Hoi Benton, for thirty ynars roprcsentativ of Missouri, in the United States Senate 05,000 vols, of " History of the Working of,th American Government /rom 18S0 to 'CO," boin sold on publication, and is o model of its class in stylo and arrangement. He ie best knowi to jurisconsults of tho Twiss and Phillimor order in this country by his famous '* Examin ation of tho Dred Scott Case;" which he fi nail, revised for press, at 70, diotating on his dontli bod, in whispers after he had lost the ability ti speak aloud ; and Everett, Bryant, and others describe him ns of tho highest capacity nod in tegrity. It is remarkable that though Bentoi was a Southerner, as also his .son-in-law, Fro moot, who waa moreover educated a Oharlston Colloge, and formed most o bis friendships in that quarter, all thi family were and are strong abolitionists lt is further worthy of note, perhaps, that a stil living eminent veteran of tho old Bonapirtoac wara, now residing at Verdon, [pleasing sound to British ears I] lately characterised Fremom'e plan of campaign ns essentially Napoloonio ; whilo General Perforiot Thompson, [tho Cas< sandra of those latter days, but, like his Phyrgian prototypo, unerring in prediction,] has said that tho one specific for immediate ills of America i», to invest Fremont with supreme power, and carte blanche to exercise it exactly as bo deems expedient. In referonce to the wise and worthy and gifted and good old Corn Law Repealor, just men- tioned, it does go against tho grain of tuoso who, decline to go with' the stream, morely becausa of the foolish fashion of the thing to soo so gallant and adventurous a .bark stranded high' and dry, while cock boats, and shallops, and other pigmy craft, that durst not ruovo half a cable's length from shoro till tho sea becamo as unruffled as a mill pond, now rido exultant, with flowing sail, on the crest of tho current billow, amid tho puffery of tritons and minnows, " blowing tho resounding sholl " to tho tuno of memorials and' testimonials for nsmby-paiibily sr.ying that which tho bold Ben- thamite enid forty yoars ago, in lunguago ns lofty aB that of .'oromy himself, sparkling ns Vol giro's, transparent as CobboU's. And ncvoi morn ?W»h, vivid, incisivo, or instructivo than ut this ll,'',n,c'nl. ^uo antediluvian catechist is j virtuully na ^'lUthfulns when ho first put tho Im- mortal cut of No* b's A-k untl 11,0 animals devour [ ing each other ot tLtf i°P of fcl? bzetà-tox traots, ; '** illustrative of the iniquity of penny rolls bein twopence halfpenny a-piece ;-then considere the acme of human sagacity by our Gibsonic an Gladstonic and Oardwellio sagos, and not less s by their present master, whose, brother-in- law Melbourne, declared it to be stark marines even to think of a foreign loaf going into nativo stomach. . Hore is tbe Parliamentar Plutarch, Dod, out to day, telling us who's wh in St. Stephen's in '02, Twenty-eight now lav makers since this time twelvemonth; twenty nine now that Bramley Moore has escapod witl whole hones from tho Bobin Hood ouiliws c Lincoln, and is. privileged to peranibalot Palace Yard once more. AU these twentj nine seats have been occupied on fre trade and progress principles, or at least prc gressiona. Not even in Lincoln are the gees enough to desire to be represented in tho Cone mons'. by a gander who should gabble abou standing- on the ancient ways of the constitu tion, in church or state, according to the preci dént that prevailed even BB recently as at th last Exhibition. But not one of all the cand dates or constituents connected with thes twenty-nine seats bestowed a thought on the pr« soient pioneer to the intelligence now attained None reflectad on what was due to him who ha devoted, and continues to devote, hiß lifo to th instruction and admonition, but not to tb flattery, of his countrymen.' And this has h done not only without a solitary farthin profit, and with little praise, but at a expenditure 'of many thousands sterling, an occasionally amidst odium; and contumely (ho conduct of Bradford, for instance, bein, extremely _ flagitious ; - for the magnanimou patriots of that place requested the General t be off, on tho special ground that ho wau to good for them ;-a self-judgment whose justic there is no disputing, however the modesty o tho victim, and he is the modestest of mon, ma, prompt him to guinsoy it. .- -- The Premter.-last night, said that nations hai 1 no gratitude, and ho considered all co'lectiv bodies better without so inconvenient a senti mont, which ho regarded as tending to impni ths strength of self-intoreDt ;-an axiom whicl the Bradfordites should weave in «varp of goli and woof of silver, and emblazon in thei fustian municipal archives. The Viscount wa speaking of Belgium, and. probably speak ing, with slightly veiled satire, at a certain illus trious personage connected with that country and whose lengthened sojourn here is reportei to have been tho reverse of agroeable to the die tator Minister, for a variety of reasons, whic no few would like to pnriioulariso in public though many innocuously geaoraliso abou them in private, there being no groat privaoj by tho way, in tho rumours relating th rete Eschewing these delioato matters for the mc mont, it maybe remarked that the speech of th noble lord, in which the foregoing Mephistophi lean maxim occurred, was a surprising displu of all those qualities in perfection which marl his supremacy in debate, and the alleged reces impairment of which has given rise to so man speculations as to what may h appen when it ca no longer he said of him as hts Mem Osolebs in Search of a Wife, otherwise Hanna More, said of Berenger-[not the Oochrani -Dandonnald chevalier ¿industrie, but tho Genth man of tho Horse to George the Third] - . namely, " He was all himself.*' Civis Romanu was ali himself last night; unchallenged victo in the Isthmian Games; and it wonld hav been worse than tho original sin the corni .bishop-maker disbelieves in to doubt that he i unparagoned. How lucky there is no othc Palmerston to follow :-how unlucky there ho ever been a preceding P. 1 Pity that posterit shoala be perplexed with a second P. Tru< the first was a nobody; but everybody hereafte will confound the two, and mistake tho Juvenil Whig for his father, the first Irish peer, the ree old tory, who was never anything elfe, and nove pretended to be; and would have blown th brains out, or at least the head off, of any ma who should suspect him of being anything else The Historic Fancier, poor Canterbury Smythe Lord Strangford, who left Disraeli a case o butterflies as a souvenir of suzsrainty to cphe meral of Young Englandism, and the whilon whito waistcoats thereof, says, in his curiou chapter on tho Aristocracy of Franco, "Th foreigner who heard .of the Montmorencios Bhoans, Montosquious, La Tremotiles, his grea eotemporaries, bad heard his father and grand father repeat the same names as li »longing ti the groat Frenchman of his day. Thoy becam the household words of every household on th continent. The German peasant who flee before tho armies of tho.Maréchal do Richeliei would remember the traditions he had henri in his childhood of tho great Cardinal. Tin young and high-born Gh&noinesse;, who, at dosi of last century, prayed night after night fo: deliverance of her royal countrywomen, tvouk recall that her hopes depended on a descondan of tho Oonde. Sho would mingle Lor intoros in thc Lofnyottos and La Rochefoucaulds- tbi actors in tho wild drama then performing, with reminiscences of far other Lafayottos anc Rochefoucauld's, tho real heroes of some Scudr romance." Thus will it bo with our P.; anc all beoauso lie bad a father. Peoplo of thc twentieth century will think there were twentj P.8, all minding our q.s, in the nineteeth ; and truly ono may well doubt if it be the one P. tee are minding all this everlasting while, and il tboro ho not ever renovating metempsychosis going on in the member for Tivorton stränget than the Strange Story of Sir Zanoni Alice Lucretia Night and Morning Disowned Mys- teries Lytton, Bart., M.P. Last night's speech wasn't ono speech, but three speeches rolled into one; each as difficult OB threo budget ones ; being replies to questions ; and therefore impromptu, consequently calling forth whatever powers thero vforo to be called upon. Tho exhibition was extraordinary, physical and motaphytioal, corporeal and psycho- logical ; tho main wonder, whero all WOB astonish- ing, being, the wholly effortless nature of what to any one else would havo been most laborious and oompnrntlvoly imperfect. That any suoh tableau at 78 should bo possible suggests that the Bulworian elixir vii« must TÓally bo dis- covered, and that we aro going book to tho patriarchal period when a man deemed himself, or was doemqd by his neighbours, a greenhorn till ho bad turned fourscore. Still, onvy (hough acquiescent in the rulo, is not mute about tho ruler. Tho Carlton is reputed to havo got up n talo that tho importurbablo Pam lately lost his temper, because of certain criticism on tho clumsiness of his speech upon tho Consort ; that its meagre tasto was ill covered by fulsomo phraseology, rominding evon somo of his own mitred honohmon of Arch- bishop Abbott's hyporbolea upon James the First-namely, " Zealous IIB David ; learned nnd wlse>, tho Solomon of .our age; religious ns JoBias ; onrofnl of spreading tho faith ns Con- stantine ; just OB Moses; undefiled in all his ways OB Hozokiah ; full of domeney as another Theodosius,1; But there ira? nothing of "thia tabornaeular strain whatever in the speech, whÓEo chief fault perhaps was, that though lum bering and ponderous, for him, it laokcd this sore of flavour to give it the semblance of an earnest noes supposed to be conspiouousfrom its absence. Said ubBenco it as attributed to indisposition -of two kinds; but every trace, of physical infir- mity, at least, had vanished last night, and tho apparition of tho octogenarian going through three young men's work with the vigour of .tho Benecia Boy. filled familiar__Tapers and emo- tionless Tadpoles with amazement. Even Cornewall Lewis, who looks tho most unim- pressionable of mankind, gazed with sensational astonishment at tho vivacious antique; and most have rogrettod he didn't dedieato his last work, on the "Astronomy of tho Ancients," to ono who probably remembers when Messrs. Ptolemy and Pharaoh proceeded Zadkiel in the affec- tions of the British lovers of star-reading fortune-telling. A little of soma such celestial learning now would be useful in enabling us to divine how tho session is to be spun out to the briefest respectable span, seeing there is no work to do, and no one to do it if there were. In all present appearance, Parliament, if it weren't for the fools it would make members look, might be up ' by the 1st.of April. But as somebody, accord- ing to the proverb, finds something for every idle body to do, doubtless there will Bhorlly bo all sorta of fingers in all sorts of pies, foreign and domestic. The latter is the most delicate, and will be the most difficult, apropos of peculiar feasts that may take place next November, pro- vided the principal guest accept the principal ingredient according toother's tastes instead of his own. This ho won't ; and Mr. Bull will applaud the British obstinacy and the partiality for things British, or at least Irish, involved in the case, when he comes to know al! about ir,'which will, of course, be when it is all over, and the bill of particulars for tho money spent is sent in. Money well spent it would be in this case. One bas heard beforo now bf little hills [besides the Penny Post family,] skipping; but it is not impossible there may transpiro ,\ piece of nows, ono of these days, that will causa tho Hill of Howth itself tn cipcr to I tho tune of "Haste to tho Wedding," and for over put King Smith O'Brien's dynastic mao out of joint, notwithstanding the provisions of a certain net of a certain Paterfamilias George Bex, whereof you may expect to hear mitch ere Volentine's Day, 1808. 