THB ENGLISH AT HOME. J (From Le Iterue dee Deux Mondes ), Again ib M. Etqutros holding up fjo mirror : to Englishmen : not grotesquelj, ignorantly, or maliciously, as so many of liis countrymen liavo done, but with hnq wledge, good humouri patience, nnd nccurr.cy. The best thing that can bo said of him is, Hint lie novcr seems strictly or oisentially French; nor do we think, indeed, '.'pat If. Esquiros is, by pedigree, a F reno-hman. In this volume he discourses of clubs, theatres, tlio press and the turf, lightly, intelligently, with a li'tlo entire, involving much common sonso and n faithful purpOBO of depicting us ns wo arc.' Ho remarks upon tho contrast between tlio English and the Freneli theory of a club. Clubs, of course, were con spicuous in the history of tho Rovolution ; yot dribs, ns enjoyed in London, are unknown in Paris. They " presuppose rights, guarantees, nnd, before nil, a lengthened training in liberty," 'sucli ns nro not to be discovered out of these fortunate islands; and they contribute one-third to the life of every Englishman more or less aristocratic, the account stnnding thus : — Family, Club, Country. Tlio investigations of M. Esquiros into the untiquitics of tlio club- question aro less interesting than his personal 0 remarks, and wo may pnss tliom over. AYo ' nro nil familiar with the Mermaid, tho Devils," J tho Coffee-Houses, Beef-Steak, tho Literary, ' the Hogs in Armour, ICitcnts, Thieves, and ( Uglies, as, in a less degree, with the Noseless, I 1 the Eat, tho Thin, the Tall, tho Short, tho ' Fringe Glovo, and tho Sighing, the Widows, (lie Duellists and tho Mohocks; but wlmt wo like is to hear a well-informed foreigner descanting upon tlieso peculiar institutions of tho AVcst-End. M. Esquiros sketches accu rately enough the circumstances of White's and Brooks's, and then writes a passage which it is comforting to read, remembering as wo do the fearful . and wonderful Frenchman who lias declared that in all London the ideal of misery is paramount: — " Tho first timo I walked in London in tho vicinity of St. James's Park, I was struck by the sight of splondid houses, standing nt n certain distance from each other, and which gave to this part of tho town a charooter of wealth and majesty. TI.ey were in all styleB, Greek, Roman, Italian, simplo or decorated, but had a family resemblance to each other. My surprise was augmented in Pall Mall, whore palaces succeeded palaces. ' I saw all around mo colonnade;, porticos, bas-reliefs, friezes, and oilier architectural ornaments. As these noble buildings, however, had not tile character of public edifices, mid as I was still under tho influence of tlio ideas Frenchmen form a? to tlio English aristocracy, I asked mysolf what old families could be ricii enough to stand such ruinous expenses in keeping up 'estab lishments of this size. An Englishman under- 1 00k to dispel my illusions, by telling me that each of those princniy residences was occupied, ns ho said, by a collective Lord. I had in fact beforo me tlio Club-houses of London, the pa- kccs'eroctcd on tho principle of association for material comforts and llio pleasures of social life. They are nt once hotels, cnting- houscs, cafes, reading-rooms, and libraries. Such establishments nro not the property of mi in dividual, but belong to numerous bodies of partners. Tlio club house; represent tho true monuments of the age, and the oldest of them do not date buck beyond 1826. Tho slrangcr especially stops in surprise in front of the Carlton Club, an immense edifice, built from tlio designs of Sir Robert Smirke, nnd wliich reminds him of tlio library of St. Murk, at A'enice. The profusion of ornaments only yields hero to tho richness of tho material: columns of polished red granite, coupled two and two, decorated tlio facade of tho building, wliich is surmounted liy u I er race, surrounded by a stono balustrade of severe and yet elegant design. In tho' same street, Poll Mail, is the Army and Navy Club, whose s'ylc English architects liavo borrowed from tlio Cornaro Palaco : tho walls are covered -with old naval nnd military trophies, nbove which runs a frieze loaded with arabesques, foliage .and figures." - I Wo might almost flatter ourselves, from what M. Esquiros has ftirilier to say, that an jlfiglish architect, might, in tlio course of aces, lju ild n Louvre. Ho dwells with rapture on Ihes t palatini lounges,, libraries, kitchens, and Mont.1 Oltristo ivine-eollnrs. Tho Club-house, in fact 1,0 confesses, a fairy . residence : — "For 11,0 fcV0rn"0 6llm of twenty pounds ent-unco 11. 'ony, n,uJ ten guineas 11 year, each member adLv»''-ted b.v WK c»n go where lie likes, do wha.1' p'eascs in the house, read, write, dine. aio'"?,0? Wltb B friend' ln conversation or u.'9ldl'a,v "»o n corner with a newspaper or the i.vtnew magazine. At the elub ho is at homo : <"> hunlirodth part of tlio master of tho K comm.3n'is n" army of servants, from . he footman rti laced ooat, velvet brooches, and V , stockings, up to the little page with tlio RiV whom a duchess might onvy. He U , cok, h s bn'li, liis plate, and his easy 0. - j'10 where lie can build castles in tho '"T> although the fiction is a reality, for he excrc.'""-'9 " right over all that this palace out of tho Arabian Nights possesses." Think, too, of the Iron Dnko e.at.i.Y- " shilling dinner. nt tlio Senior United! think, loo, of M. Esquiros, knowing )iio.-l| about clubs than nine-tenths of club-men! Long might avo walk 111 Pall- Mall beforo en countering 11 friond who could talk so learnedly of tho Eublimo houses huilt.by Sniirko and Barry. Supplementally, ho notes:— " The principle of affinity, which, ns wo havo seen, presided over tlio forinntion of tho old clubs, has not censed to exert an infiuonco over tho distribution of tho modern club houses. The' members of tlio universi ties — I chiefly refer to those who lmve grown grey over their books — would f ,„l all isf Aucn flin nnicA mid fvirnlilv nf a fashionable drawingroom. At tlio Club, they can, on the other hand, onjoy all tho dclicncios of luxury nnd good cheer with friends who pursue the same liberal career, and whoso conversation turns oil the same favourite subjects.. I was requested to notice, however, thn't tho gravo doctors, 'in spite of their taste for tho sacred founts of antiquity, did not disdain delicate wines, and that their cellar was one of the choicest in London. This habit of associating in groups must, hero strengthened in Great Britain the division into classes, nnd have concentrated tho oiicle of human acquirements, which. thus gain in depth what they lose in surface. Still I regret that tho chosen men of England have slightly lost out of sight I lie advice St. Paul offers— to be simple with the simple." By an odd mistake, he speaks of the AViiit- tington' as a olub "iit wliich the groat mer chants meet" ; and glancing by the way at a ltlll., anfrrin FtvlillET itself t-llO StlVBEeS, lie employs the epithet " formidable." Where- 1 upon his translator, -Mr. Wraxall, more wrong 1 than himself, alludes to Richard Savngo in connection with the little club, Richard Snvnge never being, nt all in the mind of its founders. Tho idea was that of a llobin Hood outlawry from the despotism of convention. But, to pass on, M. Esquiros observes : — "I will not nssert, however, wilh_ somo essoyists, that conversation i3 the principal attraction of modern clubs. I' the Englishman bo tlio most clubbable of men, according to Johnson's expression, it is not so much because he likes to speak, as that he possesses the nrt of holding his tongue, lie respects your silence, but he expects you to respect his. AVliore else could you find what may be seen daily m English cluts, two men meeting cTcry morning and evening, who spend long hours togethor, and yot never open their lips to talk about theirrdomcstio affairs ? I ask myself, em. the other hand, whether tlio success of British Clubs.. is really basod, ns poople say, on a foot ing of' sooiability.- Tliero' nro other nations quite as sociable as tho English, nnd yet with them aggregation aprodily dogonerates into serfdom. Tho Englishman possesses the cx- tremo advantage of remainiug Jiimself in the ' midst -of n group of friends or companions, and there1 is no reason to fear that I10 will erer'Baorifiee his liberty fov any cbmidernlion. Without being deficiont in politeness — at least tho politeness of his own country — ho con isolate himself in a crowd, attend to liis busi ness or pleasures, or come nnd go exactly as ho likes. AVliat ho wishes to be excused in him self lie tolerates in others; 111 a word, tlio Englishman only becomes associated with others in order to increase liis independence along with his comfort, and to strengthen his Bcif-estcem." It is at tho club, according to some autho rities, that men learn tho art of pleasing women ; yot the club charm is, wo are told, occasionally too powerful. " Somo Englishmen believe, in fact, tlmt tbey can measure tlioir importance in society by the number of tlio ballots from which tliey emerge victoriously, and tho different clubs of which they, aro members. Hero beforo all commences tlio abuso ; and being a member of sovoral clubs has produced a generation of idle, useless, men, wandering shadows, who go from ono West-End elub to tlio other, with tho brand of ennui on their foreheads." From the club to tho stage : — " Tho Englishman is not a metaphysician ; lie has but slight taste for contomplativo life, and ho displays a species of haughty disdain for Utopias and abstractions." So here is a non-metaphysical picture of a theatrioal interior :— "jxcariy at 1110 same umo mo ronenrsais 1 ire begun. The house and the stage hen offer, during day, n melancholy con- irast with what they will be on the great 'estival of boxing night. Tho liouso is ;loomy, cold and desolate, and only lit by n iiekly light from above: A. gas-jet burns over the orchestra, and the boxes, covered with a winding-shoot of calico, seem haunted by ghosts, while awaiting tho happy faces that will enliven them a few months later. llio curtain is up, but tlio stage is sad and desolate. A friend and myself formed the nudicnco ; and as this friend had an interest in the pantomime, I n6kod him sundry questions. 'AVho are thoso poor creatures, 1 1 said to him, ' in ragged clothes and worn-out boots, who nro being arranged on tlio rocks of crystal P T'lioy arc,' ho replied, 'the gnomes and sprites of tlio Fortunate Isle.' — 'And thoso pretty girls, poorly clad for tho season, who aro blowing on their fingers over there ? '— ' Tliey aro fairies.' — 1 Aad that feeble old man, who is eonv?rsing with tlio manager, with a melanoholy look, while enjoying a pinoh of snuff? ' — 'That is the young, gay, dashing, and inimitable clown.' — 'And that bailot-girl in faded fleshings, old satin slip pers that aro nearly black, and bonnet, who has tried a pas, nnd is now putting on a brown mantle ? ' — ' That is the Columbine.' I could not suppress a start of surprise, ' Columbine,' I exclaimed. — 'Herself. You now see her in her work-a-dny clothes : at .tlio first perform ance yon will acts hor in all her glory, first ns tho Princess, 011 whom tlio evil spirits harp cast a Bpell, and then ns the transfigured being who nt oneo recovers tho brilliancy, powor, and freshness of her chnrms. Slio will create n tremendous sensation.' From this conversation both my friend nnd myself eoncludcd : that it did not do to soe Die seamy sido of illusions or tlio rehearsals of a puntomine.',' . . . A This is amusing : — . . ; ; " Tho elinraotcr of English actora lias been in turn immoderately, attacked nnd praised according to "the point of .'view from which moralists regarded' it. I will only confine my attention to facts. The criminal statistics nro deoidodly in favour of tho Btoge.' Ho member of the profession was over tried for serious crime, and no comedian was over hanged. Must wo conoludo from this tiiat English actors are exempt, from faults ? That would not . bo tho opinion of old authors nnd managers, who especially re proach English notors with independence and vanity. It may bo said that tlieso are trails of character peculiar to actors in all countries ; but in England tliey form an inde pendent class among an independent people, and display vanity among a nation too haughty to be vain. The first of there mental disposi tions must be doubtless attributed to the short duration of their engogomcntB nnd their erratic lilb. England counts among lier theatrical celebrities a considerable number. of nomadic players, who come like shadows in the different cities of tho kingdom, nnd so deport." Sporting life, as lod in England, is difficult of oomprelicnsion, even to tho best acclimatised foi oigner. M. Esquiros, however, is not fur- wrong in liis esiimato. Ho says :— . ."At tho present day, what, was originally an amusement and a spectacle, lies become a science, a business, an institution- Speculation, instigated by brilliant chances of gain, has rushed at full speed into this now arena, whoro the uncertainty of tho event imparts a gambling character to tho wagers. AVho can suy, in fact, what slip may take place betwixt the cup and the lip in turf hopes ? Regarded in its connection with the history of manners, a great curiosity is attached, ifl am not mistuken, to a national practice, in which nil onormous capital is daily risked, which finds work for so many brains, and which has created thoroughly peculiar trails in English society. Tlio objects of these chapters will, be to .give an idea of rucea ; and especially of tho Derby, which is to some extent a resume of all the uational festivals ; te explain tho life of tlio English horse and jockey, and to describe tlio large numucr 01 persons cunncciuu wan uiu turf. The ground of our observations is marked out beforehand by tlio very nature of the subject: at Epsom wo shall find tho most celebrated race ; at Newmarket tho trades, that livo by horses ; and ot London, tho home of (..hat speculation known by tho name of bet. His picture of Derby-day is vivid, vario- g:.tad an d I'fe-likc. AVo cut a littlo bit out of tho sumi); 'lusty, parasol and whito hat panornma. mnc feiril)e, had mounted on the' . omnibus; and from this height I was for a moment stunned bv the sight of the i.uiiltitude. Epsom downs J. . » i-liatnrastn 1 1 n H ii In tin rr cxtdii'i tor an cnortnoi- ............. ..0 with nn nlraost insensible graceful curve : well, 011 all sides there was not a blade of grass which was not covered by i'l' crowds. I his ocean of heads, or to speak n-'ore correctly of hat;, for the English only unco 111 Est extremity, had something imposing »ud really solemn in its stirring and restless .'imnobmty. Beforo us stretched out tlio raco com lie, which the policemen were striving to cicar by thrust ing buck the promenaders who hud in dueled it ; and on tho other eido rose a black compact mass of carriages, 011 which pyramids of gazers wcro built up. Tlio racecourso is of a horse shoe shape. I heard sportsmen complaining of the state of tho ground, which tliey raid was as hard ns diamonds ; but- this information did not greatly affect the ladies, who generally liko to hear the horses' hoofs rattling on tho hard, dry ground.1' Really it is worth while to bo told that wo have a grain of tho picturesque left in us. AVI10 shall say that romance has perished out dt England, wi'.n nil us ciuos, coesou suus unu crickot matches ? — . "The tramp is it social institution of Great Britain — an institution, I confess, wliioh, it would not be sorry to get rid of, but which, on the contrary, tlirculcn3 to increaso. Tlio name of tramps is giyen to an unsettled race of men, who livo raoro or less in a state of vagabondage. Tho English' Government pub lished 111 a Blue Book of 18-13 a very interesting report on tho life, manners, and oven organization of these English gipsies.' Their number is estimated at G5,000. How many of theso are connected with the races ? It is a proportion which it would be difficult to establish. Wo can, however, form an idea' of their prcdileotion . for tho turf. on seeing tho ragged multitude that covers . tho Downs during the night that procodes the Derby. It would bo daugorous to venture inlo their dark realm without tho protection of a police sergeant. Tho dusky heath, however, offers nt a distnnco an unique spectacle, with its height crowned with bivouac fires. Each of theso fires, fed with dry roots and furze, is surrounded by some twenty niglit trampB, male and female, some of whom aro lying- on tho ground, and apparently sleeping ; while others, seated on tho gross, offer to tho flames their harsh ieaturos and bronzed faces. Aoeord- to tho remark of the eergcant who accompanied me on this night-round two yoars ago, the latter seemed to have contracted tho habit of sleoping with thoir oyeB open. Theso groups of trampa must not bo confounded with tho gipaics, who have also their flres, and havo set up their canvas town in various quarters. No real allianco exists between the blood of (ho Pharaohs and that of tho whito Bedouins, ns tho English vagabonds nro some times colled. Everybody, liowevor, docs not sleep in the open air. Plank-sbcds arc put up, under whoso roof tho aristocratic tramps as semble. Somo of thoso booths havo oven t!;,e audacity to assumo the name of hotel. Here,, Tor instanco, is tho Irish hotel, in which travellers, men, women, and children, sleep pell-mell, forming , an inextricable labyrinth, of heads, arms, and legs spread out in every direction. These slicds aorvo na slccp'mg apartments during tho night, and as slu.'oles by day." Thcro waa a Gorman, writer once who wrote sensibly about English character and customs ; but wo ne ver met willi any ono, confessing to a French nativity, who surpassed M. Esquiros in, candour or intelligence, wlion treating of England as a familiar topic. Pnop gois of the Atlantic tf.lktmarn. — Negotiations havo been going on for somo timo past between tho Government and tho Atlantic Telegraph Company, on the subject of tlio assistance which tho Treasury or tho Admiralty would givo to any well considered plan for a renewal of tho attempt to lay tho Atlantic Telegraph. Tho decision which has been arrived ot on tlio part of the Government is that they will not consent to give an uncondi tional guarantee, or any part of tho capital required. The arrongomcnt into which tliey entered with tlio Atlantic Telegraph Company still continues in force, which is tlio payment of Ll'1,000 a year so long as the cable continuos ot work. The Admiralty havo agreed to grant tlio use of certain vessels to make a more complete survey 01 tno dcu 01 tuo -an-innc than has yet been mado. Soundings will be tnken ot every mile, instead of at intervals of thirty or forty miles, ns waB tlio case when tlio previous attempt to lay tho cable waa made. Tlio Admiralty will also grant tho use of vessels to assist in laying tho cable. The opinion is now very generally entertained among thoso wiio havo- paid attention to tho subject, that, from tho great improvements which liavo been mado in the art of telegraphy, and tho accuracy to wliich instruments for testing hove been brought, it will bo quite possible to lay tho cable in a perfectly sound and workablo condition. Tlio experience already obtained in the working of tho Toulon and Algiers lino of more than 600 miles in length ; and that from Malta to Alexandria of 1500 miles, which hns but tho two interme diate Btations of Tripoli and Bengaznli, linvo demonstrated tlio possibility of not only laying but working successfully through, long dis tances of submarine cable. About twelve words per minuie may bo sent along the Malta und Alexandria line, and 'at this rate a very largo profit is mado by tlio Government, upon tlio working. It is probablo that a commission of scientific, men will be appointed to proceed to Malta to ascertain by actual experiment in wlmt ratio tho difficulty of telegraphing through long electric current increases, and what is tho best description of battery power to apply for tho purpose of working long lines of submarine telegraphs. -Coal Search. — That coal exists in the district between the AVannon nnd Gleneig .scarcely ndmit9 of ony doubt, and that up to thiB (Into but littlo effort has been made to discover its locality does not say much for either our energy . or enterprise. It appears that a recent report of tlio Government geologist has excited the attention of Mr., Lerey, the member for 'Norntanby, to. tlio subject, and the rcBult will bo found in the following correspondence which wo copy from tho Olironiolo : — " Melbourne, 29tli July, 1862. Sir, — I liavo tho honour to bring under your notice the report recently laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly, by. Mr. Selwyh, nnd tlio high opinion lio therein expresses of the coal bearing indications of the country , near tlio Gleneig nnd AVannon rivers. As the development of any . coal pit which may : exist in tho colony is a matter of considerable | importance, not . only to the par ticular locality,, but also in the entire com munity, and as I beliovo that by a proper survey tlio Geological Surveyor would bo enabled to denote tlio localities in which boring , . could bo carried on' with tlio greatest prospect of success, I have to request that a geological survoy party should be dispatched to tho district with tho least possible delay. I have, etc., George Collins Levey. Hon. C. G. Diifl'y, M.F." " Office of Lands nnd Survey, Mel bourne, 9th August, 18G2. Sir, — I have to acknowledge tho receipt of your letter, dated tlio 29th ultimo, and witii reference to tho request contained tlioroin that a geological survey party should bo despatched . to tho country near tho Glenolg and AVnnnon rivers, for tho pnrposn of testing tiie coal bearing indications of that district, I have tho honour to state tlmt, whito tho Director of Mining and Geological Sur veys considers it very desirable that a further , geological examination should bo mado of tlio coat rooKs in tne western district, it is deemed desirable to postpone such operation for tho present, as tiie flooded state of tho creeks would prevent any effectual examination being made ; but as soon as circumstances will permit steps will bo taken to carry out tho proposed survey as expeditiously ns possible. — I havo llio honour to bo, Sir, your most obo- idicnt servant, J. Lewis, for the Assistant : Commissioner of Crown Lands. — G. C. Lcvov, Esq., M.P.- — Portland, Guardian. Two Volunteers Blown to Pieces. — A most shocking occurrenco took plnce in the little seaport of Blyth on Thursday, 12th June. Blyth is Bituuto eleven milos north of tlio Tyne, and is a -pushing prosperous little place. During the past two years tlio young men of tho town have kept up with much spirit a Volunteer corps, known as tlio 3rd Northumberland Artillery Volunteers. Their cnptniniaMr.AVatts, bnnker, of Blyth. Recently a new buttery for heavy artillery practice 1ms boen mado 011 tho north sido of tlio Rivor Blyth, and Thursday was tho first day for its being opened- by the corps. On Thursday ovening tho corps mustered in the town of Blyth, and in olinrge of Lieutenant Hodgson (Captain AVatts being from homo) marched down to tho battery for artillery praetico. A considerable number of townsfolk wont across tlio water with them. Tlio men had fired several rounds of blank cartridge, and lmd conio to tho last round. Sergeant Manners, a butcher in the town, and Mr. Mcggison, a clerk with Mr. Watts, wero nt tho muzzle of tho gun, and wero' driving tho last elmrgo home, when tho gun, wliich had not been pronorly sponged, exploded. They wore, unfortunately, in tho line of fire, nnd to tho horror of their companions ana tne spectators wero blown from the muzzle of tlio gun with fearful force, nnd carried a consider able di9lance. Tho body of Moggison was picked up completely disombowelled, and Manners's remains wore gathored togetber in n fourfiil condition. A rigid hand and arm of ibo latter wcro blown away 011 to tho seashore. The hand was pickod up Into on Thursday night, but tho nrm had not been found on Friday morning. Both tho deceased men . wore unmarried, and wore muob respected in the towH. — Srielol Mercury. ' Who would not live in altno:-t any piacc wiicro 111c young todies are addicted to the delicious custom which Is set forth by u journal as follows s— "Quaker young indies in the AFufne Law State.®, it Is said, still continue to Wss the lips of the young temperance men, to sec if they have been tampering with liquor. Junt Imagine a beautiful young girl approaching vou, young temperance innn, with nil the dignity of nu executive olficcr, and all the innocence of a dove, with the churge-Mr. Ike P., the Indies believe you aro in the habit of tampering with liquor, and they have appointed me to examine you according to our established rules — are you willing ? you must acquiesce- She steps gently up to you, lays hor Bolt white arras around your neck, dashes back her raven curls, raises her sylph-like form upon tip-loc, and with her angelic features lit up with a tmileas sweet na Heaven, places bcr rich, rosy, pouty, sweet, sugar, molasres. strawbeiry, honeysuckle, sunflower, rosebud, nectar lips against yours, and busses busses W.. , -fr.. f AT. - 1. vuu, ujr ui nttkjr j xxurruii , ivr uie Kll<B BUU »"« Law, and death to all opposition l'' — Yoi'x 1 Tribune 