GERMAN LUTHERAN EVANGELICAL NEW OIKJItCIL The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the chapel in Pirie-street in connection with the German Lutheran Evangelical community took place on Thursday, December 2-J. At 'A o'clock iinout lov) or iiH) persona were, m attendance, including several members of English denomina tions, and shortly nftur that hour the proceedings couuneiKc.l by ths singing of the hymn com mencing 'Kommt her ilir Christen voller frend,' after wliich Mr. Bkchteu engaged in prayer in the German language. The Raw Cillti.STi.x.v Maschmdt next read the 81th Psalm. Mr. Gaki)F/jhi:.n-s then laid the stone, saying— 'In the faith of Jesus Christ we place the founda tion-stone of the Evangelic Lutheran Church, in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost.' He then addressed a few '? words in the German language to the assembly. He afterwards spoke in English, and said they had ? inst laid the foundation-stone of a new chape!, and lie honed and trusted that, with the help of the Almighty, the work just begun would be brought to a successful end in a very short time. There were many present who had subscribed towards the erection of thu building, ami he had no doubt that many others would when applied to. He hoped to see the work soon finished, anil also even to sue not only Germans, but also their English brethren worshipping there. He trusted also that the building of that church would be the means of bringing the Germans to worship there, and thus to strengthen the tics of brotherhood. The Rev. Mr. Kekx, Bible Christian minister, was called upon to speak, lie referred to the fact of the German Lutheran body having worshipped in the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, for many year.-, and expressed the pleasure he ex perienced in seeing that they had that day commenced a building for themselves. He thought the doctrines held by this church were the same as those of the English cimrohea; and he expe rienced no little pleasure in being able to show his sympathy with thosa who spoke another language, but who wore pressing forward to the same country, and who worshipped the same Cod. He thought it was a matter of great consolation and of no little congratulation to know that their German friends could build as many chapels as they pleased in this iand without atly fenr of molestation. With regard to the building of the church, he was not prepared' to say what would be the result of the erection; but if only one soul were brought to Christ by the means of that church it would be a subject for congratulation. He concluded by urging them to make an effort, and open the chapel free of debt. Thi' !Jcv. Mr. M.isCHJinrr then spoke in Her man. Ho referred t-- the many diiBculties they had had to contend with, and thanked their Eng lish brethren for granting them accommodation to worship God. He also thanked God for permitting them to build a chapel on their own freehold land, and exhorted all those who were not in the habit of attending the means of grace to do so; and he hoped that that church would be the spiritual birthplace of many souls. ? The 'Tu Desmi' w.-n then sung, prayer was offered ur-, a collection was made, and the company dispersed. In the bottle placed under the stone there were enclosed copies of the daily papers ami the follow ing address written in German :— 'This German Lutheran Community was founded in the year 1817 by thy late liuv. Friedrieh Barchelt. After haying for nine years devotedly lillcd his office, lie died 28th August, WA As his successor, Johann Christian Ma-chmi it was ap pointed 2nd June, 185J. The foundation- stone was laid by Mr. A. Gaedechen.s on the 20th De cember, 1801. The clergyman of thh community is Johaun Christian Masclimidt. The Church wardens are Messrs. Conrad Bechtel and George Grosss. Tlie Trustees aro Messrs. Heinrich Grcg mann, August Bargelt, Wilhelm JJruggeman, Wilhelm BrcsSer, David Diedrich, George Klem land, George Grosse, Christian Maschwid, and Conrad Bechtel. The church was built by Messrs. J. Baur & Chamnswood.' THE TEA MEETINO. In the afternoon there was a tea meeting in Piilteney-street Schoolroom, after wliich there was a public meeting, which was presided over by Mr. Jame3 Scott. The Ch AiiotAV. after a hymn had been sung, called upon Mr. Bechtel (Churchwarden) to offer a prayer.* He then stated that he was placed at a great disadvantage in being called upon to preside over a meeting, the majority of whom were but partially acquainted with his language, while he was altogether unacquainted with their language. He felt that this disadvantage kept many Christians from a. knowledge of the numbers and condition of the Evangelical Lutheran Church. Still he was satisfied, from his own enquiries, that they were a true branch of Christ's Church. The name of Luther carried a claim in the veneration of every Protestant, and their prefix Evangelical was a stijl further claim on the confidence of all true Christians... This was a time when it was not meet to stand apart because of slight denominational distinctions. There was too much snul-destroying error abroad to warrant any want of union among those who served God in spirit and in truth. He believe 1 it was admitted that up to this time there had been insufficient church accommodation for the member? of the German Evangelical Lutheran Church; but he hoped the work begun that day would be the commencement of a new era, when they would not only have greater church accommodation, but increased dispositions to avail themselves of all the spiritual advantages afibrded to them. Mr, UJ.HBKCHBXS then -addressed the meeting on the part of the Committee, giving a statement first in German and afterwards in Knglisb, to the following effect:— The church of which the founda tion-stone had been laid that diy was intended to he .Mfect Ions and 2tj feet w;d a : the total cost waa to be iAii !is. The Committee had taken care to be as economical as possible, ;uid therefore were unable to jirovide for any ornamentation. They were content to me£ heceisary requirement*, and to Jeave( the beautifying of the building to the future. The land upon which the church was to be built cost £100;: the erection of the building and com pletion of its interior would cost £XHK There had been £330 already collected, and both English and . German friends had come forward in the most : handsome manner. He believed they were equally pleased at the progress of the work upon which they were engaged. He hoped that when their, church was completed they would have generally as large an attendance as he had the gratifica tion of seeing that morning. I le believed that the Committee woidd spare neither time nor exertion to secure the advantage of and give satisfaction to the community. (Appiaiuc.) He noped also that mcetingaof thatuescrir£ion would be more frequent, that their English friends might become better acquainted with nlsat wus doing by their brethren of the German Church. They were all South Australians, and ai such should join to do as much good as their means would allow. The Rev. Mr. Mascuuiut, pastor of the con gregation, addressed the meeting in German. 'Hie Rev. Mr. S. Keen' regretted that their fore fathers had been led to commence a tower which they were not allo-yed to complete. To that he might perhaps ascribe his annoyance at not lieing able to understand «'hat lie had no doubt was ii very excellent spee:1.!. They were all, however— English and Germans-children of tine Father, and the latter, at least, were acquainted to some extent with English, and therefore they would be able to understand the addresses of their English friends. The work beguu th.-.t day ought to have been com menced years agu. An unlettered but sincere Caristian once sung— ' 'Twns late before I did Iwtrm To seel; to live tor ever; lint now I'll run fast tn I can— 'Tis Iwtter late than never.' So he said, it was better to have laid the foundation stone of their church that day than to have further delavcda work which they ought to have com menced long ago. He dwelt upon the similarity of the Lutheran doctrine, 'justification by faith,' to the doctrine which the Hible Christians con sidered most important, ami he hoped the wor shippers iu that church would spare no exertion to cvatvelize all thjir Protestant brethren. The amount wanting iu their estimate, he said, was so small that he fully believed they would have their church free from debt by Easter. The Kev. J. Gahdnhi apologized for his want of knowledge of the Genmn language, but said he was much struck with thedesp attention paid, to tiie address of their pastor- an attention which the undoubted eloquence and sound and striking peculiarities of Mr. Keen's style faded to com mand. He would be most happy if he could get a gu.-d instructor to attempt to master the Ccrman language: and unless it did wluit no other laivuage. hid yet done-pr «ve too much for him— ha would, when ho attained the necessary fluency, be most happy U- address tlium frequently. He congratulated them on that day's proceedings, and prayed that when the building wa* completed it would be dedicated to and preserved for the preach ing of the Gospel in its purity and siuiijliciiy. Mr. Bschtel addressed the meeting in German, a collection was made, and the proceedings closed with urayer tuul praise. 