THE LYTÏTJETON FAMILY. (Fi om the London Correspondent of the Liierpool , Albion ) TÜE ¡ate Mr. Kusb, many years American Am- bassador in London and Paris, has an interest- ing description of Hagley, the Worcestershire scat pf. the Lyttleton.family, in his posthumous ' memoirs, issued last year in' Philadelphia. Thc description is a sort of companion portrait to that of tho much better known one of the Christmas visit to Coke of Norfolk, at Holkam hall, which appeared in " Rush's Residence in ? London" several years previously. The picture of the Hagley " interior" is painted for the pie nip o's wife, who was on the other side of the Atlantic at the time, and anxious, as all Indies so situate are, to know everything about taste, Shakspeare, and the musical glasses, as culti- vated among the British Corinthians, or Corin- thian- Britishers. Rash remarks, on entering Hagley-hall, that it Í3 not as large as Wanshead House, Essex, tho then just; recently dismantled home of the notorious Tynley Long Pole Wellesley Pole, (late Lord Mornington,) and who hid established tho Irish origin of his blood by the long enact- ment of the Hibernian exploit of living at seventy thousand per annum out of aa income of sixty thousand. The ambassador favours his absent better-half with a dissertation on the dif- ference in manner among, the English aristoc- racy ; saving that.some-exhibit a reserve little encouraging to strange», while others greet you cordially, " like the best of bur American gen- tlemen arid as suohjWas the then Lord Lyttle- ton;-a compliment which the present lord,'his son, will doubtless appreciate'with filial vivid- ness at tho prosent moment. Rush was not long in making the acquaintance with the lion of Hagloy-hall ; and although .the lion be a dead on?, <it belies the proverb about defunct animals of that species being of inferior attrac- tiveness, to certain, live ones of a species in wham the bar is the most prominent feature of the physiognomy. In the principal saloon hung, and still hangs, a full length likeness of the un spiritual hero of the apparition legend, to wit, the witty and wicked second Lord Lyttleton, of whom Rush, repeating the narrative of previous chroniclers, says, that he was a prodigy in his clay, an accomplished writer and scholar, though not author of those letters published under bis name, ono of which, dated the morning, after his father's death, began " I awoke, and behold.I was a lord,;", and another of which contained1 a horrid description of an evil spirit, as if tho writer's brain had been on fire by dreaming of a legion of devils. The American didn't know then, nor was it over publicly affirmed till after Bush's death, that Lyttleton was one of the re- puted authors ol Junius ; a theory enforced with great ability1 by an: eminent 'Quarterly reviewer, inra decidedly anti-Francis " slashing article," some holf-dozen years ago. Lyttleton could do almost anything, quoth ' Rush ; but how he found time for one-half of what he did, .much perplexes tho ' pensive Pennsylvanian penman, who recounts J'Now comes the reverse of the medal, as Sully says «f Severin in his memoirs; He, too, was a libertine of the first order ; and though not dying precisely like. Severin,, with tho glass in his hand, cursing and denying God, died prematurely, at thirty! worn out by his ex- cesses. , Ai female figuro*like a ghost (query, a ghost liko a female figure ?) predicted his; death to him; atï; a "1 fixed time. 'When1 iho night ar- rived, he was Irom homo with , a party'. of his friends, at supper, in high, revelry. Thoy de- termined to cheat the said ghost by putting back the - clock- ; but ho died at the time appointed. The'traditions bf Hagley abound in anecdotes of him. : His remains lie entombed in tho romantic little Hagley churoh within the park, where also repose the ashes ot that pattern of a woman and wife, BB banded down by tbe mourning muse ol the first'Lord Lyttleton,jin a monody become classic in English poetry. A beautiful monument to her memory, erected by ber husband, is seen in this churoh ; neverthe- less, they do say, he married again soon after- wards; freaks of that nature sometimes coming over turn in spite of their woe. Probably you may have heard of such things before, as our friend, the Saxon minister in London, used to say in that droll way he had." It must have been a very droll way indeed if much droller than that of this dry old diplomatic w>tg, who thus pokes c (finical piquancy at his rib becoming a hypothetical relict, titillating her with thought of bis dust. Yet were thore softer and softening passages between the pair too, one being this :-" Now a precious little morceau for you. On ono of the evenings, Miss Lyttleton, as if she had seen into my heart, struck uDon her harp the dirge to Louis XVI. after he had been beheaded. Don't you remem- ber when Bee, of South Carolina, usad to play it f jr UR on the piano, at Mrs. Boardley's in Philadelphia, in days of yore? You have pr J bably not heard it since. It took me by sur- prise. You cannot imagine the memories it awakened. Night after night, as long as I steii, I called for it ; and never shell I hear it again without thinking of the harp of Hagley." Truly here be phenomena, political, physiolo- gies!, psychological and tolderollogical, with a vengeance. A new world republican smitten fearful at thought of the decapitation of tho lait of the old world crowned feudalities ; the Ame- rican spread eagle cooing uxorious tuitlenmbics across the chasm of three thousand miles of ocean and thirty years'of hymeneal padlocks! Certainly such a souvenir ot the constitutional chivalry of the south, cropping up at this minute may be regarded as a coincidence not less sin- gular than any of the plurality of like eventuali- ties continually coming fortb. Nor will the annexed passage from the foregoing epistle diminish the feeling the preceding one evoked, viz :-" England, old as she is, continues to improve upon the past. Where she is to stop would be hard to say; but comparing her con- dition when we first arrived with all that I see now of increase (this was in'37), I should think that her meridian was a good way off. It may be that the Littletons, familiar with estates and mansions, which wealth and crt have been em- bellishing throughout ages, but which their per- manent owners go on to cultivate andadora, are less awake than strangers to the beauties of their own Hagley. At any rate they show good sense in not talking of them, others perceiving them none the loss. Long ownership take3 away boast. Those, it has been said, shaded by the foliage of their old trees, have no need to talk of their roots.'' Not much of tho mushroom or toad-slool, though perhaps a little of the toad« eater in that. It may be remembered, and in Roscoesque Liverpool, so encomiastically Geoffrey Crayonized, it ought to bo remem- bered, tht t the famous Washington Irving article on Rural Life, ia the Sketch Book, though the result of general impressions re- ceived in varions excursions about England, was written in the vicinity of Hagley, just after the author had been rambling about its grounds, and while its beautiful saentry and that of its nsighbourhood was fresh in Irving's recol- lection. It is not easy to close Rush's record of this Hagley visit, [ he then Lady Lyttelton had superintended the education of Princess Vict»ria, who had become Queen on]y a few months be- fore tho period the American is writing,] with- out quoting n passage concerning a personage whoso praise is now in everybody's mouth, though some of bis present panegyrists were then rather solicitous for the Towor Hill pos- session of hi3 head, because of the Poles, the Vixen, Cabool, and a few-other jocular enormi- ties of that heeatombrcally homicidal epoch. Repeating an anecdote related at Hagley, by Lord Bagot, formerly British Minister in tho States, Rush reports to his wife-" It will make my letter little longer, and brings up Lord Palmerston, now [37] Foreign' Secretary here, end growing in fame. He was then Secretary at War, which was not a Cabinet post at that day. An attempt bad been made to assassinate him by a dismissed army lieutenant (died in St. Luke's, this year, 1862), and the event was talked oí at table. He was wounded, but sufficient time had not elapsed for it to be known if the wound (a scratch!) would prove mortal. Whereupon one of the company, you know who (the reader is not let into this matri- el-nial secret), gravely avowed his readiness, should Palm oratora die, and the assassin escape hanging on the plea ol insanity, to hang up one of his relatives in his stead. The idea was* play: fully handled, but received no quarter, notwith- standing that the gentleman who started it was full of precedents from Frenoh history to help it along."' - And' a very . Paccifico mode of administering justice too. Who can the pro pounder of so exemplary on axiom as this yicarial punishment have been ? Could it be Croker, whom study of the gullotine annals may have affected with a taste for that kind of com- prehensive and consanguineous chastisement ? Mayhap it was the harum acarum lord of the neighbouring Himley, tho eccentric EarlDudley, and who, as a Canningite,' would naturally regard tho Viscount, who had not then become even a Juvenile Whig, with considerable, or in- considerate, cordiality ; 'and., wouldn't much mind ombodying his connections in the fsshion aforesaid, or in any other more otifrtr or extrava-; gant, if nny'suoh there be. The.Earl; as is well known, though a man of an originally ' astute masculine intellect, highly cultivated by life-long study, had marty hallucinations ; but amongst them was not one which some people would perhaps deem' the most prominent- and preposterous of any. HeJused to say to hts biographer, tho Bishop of Llandaff, and the loamed church- man didn't seem to be much of a dissenter from the doctrine, that, in :his opinion, tho greatest _prqof of ppjmta of ( modern publicationa .while the old writers were unread. : How any, reasonable or pseudo reasoning man could gobble tho mindless word spinning of what is called civilisation, was dementedness, demonstrated to; Dudley;, and, no doubt, ' thé contemplation', of' the fatuity 'helped to derange him in the long run. '?- Had lie . . lived till now, ,in thia Milner Gibson millennium of typographic' fools- cap, he -would 'in half of the 'time have gone as , mud as a Marah hare, for be would consider all the year round made up of '865 Firsts, tóf April; ;and two firsts' on,,the additional day J for leap "year. No' body now soems ever to road anything as old as the day b îfore yesterday ; . and the' first thought of any body who. reads anything to-day ia/rjow he con most speedily make a iabltlà rasa of "bis mind; so as to ensure its being as a blank, a sheet of white paper-of, rather let us1 say, whitey -'brown-for to- morrow's impression: bf whatever" may turn up ; and .its' head ,or tail"..'which that what may be, But ore'there, not endless new ^ ? editions of the Intellectual 'great of old ; and what becomes of them ? Relegated to Charles Lamb's category of " works which no gentle, man's library should bj without, and which no gentleman ever dreams of looking at." 