WHAT TOM SAW UNDER WATER. (From "..Th* IFaUr'Baltes," in Macmillan's Magasins.) AND some1 i mes ha went along tho smooth gra- ol water-ways, looking at tho crickets windi ran inane! out among tho stones, as rabbits do or land ; or he climbed over the ledges oí rock, and saw the sand tubes hanging in thousands, willi everyone of them a pretty little head and logs peeping out; or he went into a still corner, nnc wa'ched the caddies.eating dead sticks, es greodilj as you would eat plum pudding, and building their houses with silk and glue. Very fanciful ladies they were ; none of thom would keep to tho samo materials for a day. . One would begin with some pebble? ; and then she would stick on a piero of green weed ; and then she found a shel', and stuck it on too ; and the poor sholl was alive and did not 1 ke at allseitig taken to build houses with' ; but the caddis did not lot Ina have any voice in the matter ; being rude and selfish, as vain people are apt lo be; and then sh o stuck on a pieco of rot'en Wt'o-ï, and then a very smart pink stone, and so on, tiil she was patched all over like an Irishman's coat. And then she found a long straw, five times as long ns herself, and said, "Hurrah 1 my sister has a tail, and I'll have one too ;" and she stuck it on her back, and marched about with it quite proud, though it was very inconvenient indeed. ./And, at that, taila bréame all tho fashion among tho caddis-baits in that 'pool, and thoy all toddled about with long straws sticking' oat behind, getting between each other's'legs, and tumbling over . each other, and looking so ridiculous, that Tom laughed at them till he cried.' But they wore quite right, you know ; for people must always follow tho fashion, even if it be spoon bonnets. Then sometimos he carno to a deep still reach ; and thero he saw tho water forests. They would have looked to you only little weeds ; but Tom, you must remember, was so little . that everything lookod a hundred times as big to him as ,it ¡dooá to you, just as things '-do to a . minnow, : who sees and catches the little) wator-oreaturcs which you can only see in à _ microscope". And in the water forest he saw tho water-monkeys, and water squirrels, (they bad all six legs though ; every- thing almoBt has six legs in the water, except efts and water- babies ;) and nimbly enough thoy ran' among-the-branohos.- There- were wdter- flowers there, too, in thousands ; end Tom ttied to pick them : butas soon as he touched them, they drew themselves in, »nd turned into knots of jolly ; and then .Tom saw that they .were all olivo-bells, and stars, and wheels, and flowers,, of all beautiful sbapW'aïd '^olóürs r~an^ "busy, juBt as Tom was. ' And now ho found lhat'there was,a great deal more in the world than ho had fanoied at firit sight. And there was one wonderful little fellow, who peeped out of'the top of a boase built of round bricks ; and he had two big wheels, and one little one all over teeth, spinning round and round like the wheels in a thrashing-maohitie ; and Tom stood and stared at him, to see what ho was going to mako with-h is-machinery. And what do yon think he was doing ? Brick- making.' With his two big wheels ho swept together all tho mud "which.floäted in the'water t all that was nico in it he put into his s omach and ate ; and all tho mud he swept together into the Ii tlo wheel-on his breast,; which rodi ly was a round .halo set with teeth,' and there ho spun it into a neat, hard, round brick, .and then be took it and aluolt it on tho top of bis house-wall, and set to work to make another. Now' waa not ba a clever J ittje., fellow ? Torn thou BO ; but when be.wanted to talle to him, 11to bri maker was much!toó busy and proud of bia w to take notice of hinv' * * Then he trent Bulky and lonely; as he deserved to be ¡ and un a bank he siw a very ugly, dirty creature sitti about half as big as himself; which had six le and a big stomach, and a most ridiculous he with_ two great eyes, and a face just 1 a donkey's. *' Oh," said . Tom, " you an ugly* fellow,' to be sure!'' and he bej making faces at him ; and put bis nose cl to him, and halloed at him, like a very rai ft b When, hey presto! all the thing's donkey-f came off in a moment, and out popped a lt "arm, with a pair of pincers at the end of it, i caught" Tom by the nose. ' It did not hurt 1 much ; ' but it held bim quite tight. \ " Yab,'s Oh, lot me go!".cried Tom. , Then let me g said the creature. " I want to bo quiet. I w to split." Tom promised to let him alone, and left go. ** Why do you want to split ?" s Tom. " BE cause my brothers and sisters bi all split, and turned into beautiful creatures vj wings; and I want to split too. Don't speafc me. I : am sure I shall split. I will spli Tom stood, still, and watched him. And swelled b<mself, and puffed, and s retched him! on' stiff, and'at last-crack, puff", bang-he opel all down his back, and then uptothetopof his he And out of his 'inside came the most alene elegant, soft creature, as soft and smooth os To but very pale and weak, like a little child v has been ill a long time in a dark roam.' A it moved its legs very ' feebly ; and looked ab it balf ashamed, like a girl wben she' goes for first time into a ball-room ; and then it bej walking slowly up a grass stem to the top of 1 water. Tom was so astonished that he never s a word ; but ho stared with all his eyes. A ho went up ' to the top of the' water i and peeped out to see what would bapp And as the creature sat in the warm bright s a wonderful change came over it. It gr strong and firm; -and tbe most lov colours began to show on its body ; blue and yell and black ; spots and bara and rings ; and out its t'ack rose great winga of bright brown gauz and its eyes grew so large that they filled all head, and shone like ten thousand diamon (t Ch, you beaut ful creature 1' said Tom ; a he put out his hand to catch it. But the th i whirred up into the air, and hung poised ou wings a moment, and tben settled down again Tom quite feavlojs. " No!" it said, " you cam catch me. I am a dragon-fly now, the king of the flies ?; ,and I shall dance in the sunshine, a hawk over the river, and catch gnats, and have beautiful wife like myself. I know what I sh; do. Hurrah !'' shd.be flew away into tho air, a began catching ghats. " Oh ! come back, coi back," cried Tom, "you beautiful creature, have no ono to play with, and I am so lonely bei If you will but como back I will never tty to cat you." ,c I don't caro whethor you do or not," st the dragon-fly; «. for you can't. But when have had my dinner, and looked a little about tl pretty place, I will come baok ; and have a lit chat about all I have seen in my travels. Wh what a huge tree this is ! and what huge leaves it I" It was only a big dock ; but you know t dragon-fly had never seen any but little wate trees, starwort and milfoil, and water-erofoot, ai such like ; so it did look very big to him. Besid< be was very short-sighted, as all dragon-flies are and never could see a yard before his nose : ai more than a great many other folks, who aro n half as handsome as he. Tho dragon-fly. did con back, and chatted away with Tom. Ho was little conceited about'his fine colours and his lar, wings ; but you know, he had been poor dirty ugly creature all his lifo befon so there were great ' excuses for him. t was very fond of talking about all the wonderf things ho saw1 in the trees and the meadows ; at Tom liked to listen to him, for he had forgottt a'l about them. So in a little while they beean great friends. * ' * And the trout and 1 made it up (for trout very soon forget, if they lia'1 bern frightened and hurt). And Tom used to ph with them at hore and hounds, and groat fun thc had; and he used to try to leap out of tho wate head ever heels, as they did before a showor can: on ; but somehow he never could manage it. H liked mos», though, to seo them rising at the flic ns they sailed round and round under thc shado of the groat oak, where the beetles fell flop int the water, and tho green caterpillars lot then selves down from the boughs by silk ropes for D reason ot all ; and then dunged their foo'is minds for no reason at all either- and haule themselves up again into the tree, rolling up th rope in a ball between their paws, whioh is a ver clever rope dancer's trick ; and neither Blondi nor Leotard could doit; but why they abouli take so much trouble about it no oue can toll ; fo thoy cannot get their living, as Blondín am Leotard do, by trying to break their necks on ; string. , And very often Tom-caught them jus as they touched the water ; and caught the alder flies, and the caperers, and the cock-toiled, dun and spinners, yellow, and brown, and claro', ant ¡grey, and gave them to his friends the trout Perhaps ho was not quite kind to the flies j bu ono must do a pood turn to ono's friends vvhsn om cnn. And atlast be gave up catching even tin i flies ; for ho made . acquaintance, with one by ac I cidont, and found him a very morry little follow And this was ¿be way it happened and it ii all quite true. Ho was basking at tb« top of the water one hot day in July, catching duns and feeding tho trout, when ho saw a nev, sort, a dark groy li.tie fellow, wi h a brown head He was a very little fellow indeed ; but he made the most of himself, as people ought to do/ Ht 'cocked up his'head, aita-he cocked up his wings ' and ho cocked tip bis tail, and ho cocked up hit two'whisks at his tail-end, and, in short, he looked the cockiest little man of all lit'la men. And ee he proved to be; j for' instead of gelling away ht hopped upon Tom's finger, and sat there as'bolt as nino tailors ; and, he cried out in the itiniettj shrillest, squeakiest little voice you ever heard, " Much obliged to yon, indeed ; but' I don't want it yet." "Want what?" said Tom, quite taken aback by his impudence. ?' Your leg, which you are kind enough to hold out for me to sit on. . I must just go and seo after my wife Ibr a' few 'minutes. Pear me 1 what à' troublesome business d family is I" '(though tho idle little rogue did nothing at oll, but left his poor wife to lny all the eggs by herself.) «' When I come back, I shall be glad of it, if you'll be so good as to keep it; sticking ont just so ;" and off ho flew. Tom thought him a'yory cool sort of-personage ; and still moro so, When in à fe w minutes he cami) bnckj and said, " Ah, you wero tired waiting?. .Wo 1 your other logwilldo as woll.'-And ho toppod himself down' on l om's knee, and bogan ' chatting nway in his squeaking voi-*e. ' " So you livoundtr thb'wa'er? lt'ß a dirty low place. I lived there' for; some1 time; and was very, shabby and dirty. But I didn't choose th Vt that Bhould last. So I turned respectable, and came up to the top, and put on this groy suil.'*'"ltjs ä'vefy busioé'8-like sm>, you think, don't you?" " Very neat and quiet in- deed," said Tom. " Yes, ono must bo quiet, and neat, arid rç meet able, and all that sort ol tiling for a Utile, when ono becomrs a fcmilv " But I'm tired cfit, that's the troth. quite enough business, I consider, in th. i 1 week, to Jost mo roy life, go I shall nn. H ball-dres«, and go out and be a smart man ""f seo the gay world, and have a danna ", , Why shouldn't one be jo'ly if one can ?» what will become of yonr.wife ?" « ( , ?. a very plain stupid ¿reature, and that's thë tri"5 and thinks about, noding but e»R8 Vf T chooseB to come., why she may ; and'if mt 1 without her ;-and here I go.» And, as he 'rf beturned quite pale, and then quite S '.Why you're ill!» said Tom. & he did not answer. "You're ,«,7. said Tom, looking at him BS ii s'ood on hiB knee as white as a ghost «K0 T ain't!» answered a;little squeaking ;oîee "; his bead. "This is me up here, form, y dress ; and that's my skin. Ha, ha! you c olJ not do such a trick as that !" And no more Tom could, nor Houdin, nor Robin, nor Frikeil' all the conjurors in the world. For th«'lin? be said, and ho jerked and skipped up snd'dowa I never,stopping an instant, just as if he had St I Vitus's dance.. " Ain't I a pretty felicw no»J» And sö Tie was ; for his body was white, and Ki tail orange, and his eyes all the colours of a m. L cock's tail. And what was tho oddest of all, tba whisks at the end of his tail had grown 6vo times as long as they were before. " Ah 1" said k " now I will see tba gay world. My living vroa't cost me much, for I have no mouth, you sec, and no inside ; so I can never be hungry, nor hate the stomach-ache neither," No moro ho had. He bad grown as dry and hard and empty as a quill as such empty shallow-hearted fellows dosorvo to grow. . * And he danced up and down fot three days and three nights, till ho grew so tired I that he tumbled into the water, and floated down, But what became of him Tom never knew, and . ho ltimsolf never minded ; for Tom heard bin " singing to the last, 83 he floa'ed down " To drivo dull oar« atray-ay-aj !" And if ho did not caro, why nobody else drei either. * . * * Suddenly, Tom heard tte strangest noise up the stream j cooing, ann grunt- ing, and whining, and squeaking, as i' you had nnt into a bag two stock-doves, ninomicp, three guinea pig?, and a blind puppy, and left them there to settle themselves and make music. He hoked up the water, and there be saw a sight as strang« as the noise ; a great ball rolling over and over down thé stream, seeming ono moment of soft brown fur, and tho next of ßhining glass: and yet it was not a ball ; for sometimes it broko up aid streamed away in pieces, and then it joined again; and all the wi)¡lo the noise came out of it load« and louder. Tom asked tho dragon-fly what it could be ; but, of course, with IIÎB short sight, ns could not.even see it, though it was not ten yardi away. Fo ho took the neatest little header info the water, and started off to see for himself ; aid, when ho carno near, the ball turned out 'o bo fora or five beautiful creatures, many times larger thu Tom, who were swimming about, and rolling, and diving, and twisting, and wrestling, and cuddling, and kissing, and biting, and scratching,' in tbs mr st charming ' fashion that ever was seen. And if you don't believe mo, .you may go to tho Zoo- logical Gardens .(for I'm afraid you won't see it nearer; unless, perhaps, you got up at five in the morning, and go down to Cordrey's Moor, and watch by the great withy pollard which hangs emt tho backwater, where the otters breed sometimes), and then say, it ottors at play in the water are not the merriest, lithest, gracefullest creatures yoi ever saw. But, when tho biggest of them siw Tom, the darted put from the rest, and cried in »ho water-language sharply enough, *rQuick, children, here is so tn et hitg to eut, indeed !" and came at poor Tom, showing such a wicked psi: oí eyes, and such a sot of sharp teeth in a grinning mouth, that Tom, who had thought her very hand- some, said to himself, handsome is that handsome does, aiid' slipt in between the water-lily roo s aä fast as he could, and then turned round and mada faces at her. o » « what are salmon ?" asked Tom. " Fish, you eft, great fish, niae fish to oat, Thoy aro tho lords of the fish, and wo tue the lords of the salmon ;" and she laughed again, "We hunt them up and down the'pools, and drive them up into a corner, the silty things; thoy aro so proud, and bally (ha little trout, and tho minnows, lill they soe ns coming, and then they are so meek all at once ; and we catch them, but we disdain to eat them all ; tra j just bite out the back of their heads and sink their sweet brains. Oh, so good !"-(and she licked her wicked lips)-" and thoa throw them away, and go and catch ano'her. Ï hoy are coming soon, children, coming soon, I can smell the rain coming up off the SOP, and then hurrah for a fresh, and salmon, and plenty of eating all day long." And the ottor grew so proud that she turned head over heels twice, and then stood upright half out of the water, grinning like a Cheshire cat. " And where do they ooma from ?" asked Tom, who kept him. self very close, for ho was considerably fright- ened. " Ont of tho sea, eft;'the great wide sea, where they might stay and be safe if thoy liked. But out of the sea the silly things como, into tho great rivor down below, and we come up to watoli for them ; and when they go down again wo go down aud follow them. ,'And there we fish for the bass end tho pollook,--an 1 have jo ly days along the shore, and toss and roll in the bretkers, and sleep snug in tho warm dry crags. Ah, that is a merry life too, Children, if, ft wero not for those horrid men. * 'o He'had been very stupid all day, audio had tho trout ; for they would not move an inch to take a fly, though there were thousands on the wator, but loy 'dozing ot' tho bottom under the shade of the stones'; and Tom' Tay dozing too, and was gladtoçuddle their smooth, cool sides, foi the water was quite warm and unpleasant. ut« toward evening it grew suddenly dark, and Tom looked'up and saw a blanket ol'-blick clouds tag right ácrosB tho valley above his head, resting ontho crags right andieft. He felt not quito frightened, but very , still ; for everything was/ still. There was not a whipper of wind; nor a chirp ofa bird td be. heard '; and next ¿ few groat drops ot rain Uli plop into the water, and ono hit Tom on the nose and made him pop bis hoad down l"10^ enough. And then the thunder roared, and ina lightning flashed, and leapt across Véndalo »na .back again, from cloud to cloud, nnd from chu to cliff, till the very rocks in tho stream- seemed <o shake; and Tom looked upai it througl» mo water, and thought it tho finest.thing.be eyer saw ' iH "his life. But ont of the water ho ?toT.T pitt hh, bond ; for ; ho min rame down, by DOCKeis full, and tho hail hammered like «bot on the »ream nnd churned it into foam ; and soon 1^ Btroam rose, and rushed down, higher , and bIgU«, on fouler and fouler, full of beetles, and st ick«, fln s raWs, and worms, and addlc-eigs/wu "OoJMJ and leeches, and'odds and «g*»"* °TJJ ga.berums, and thisvthat, and 0'^.M,,aSa to All nine must urns. Tom xould karoly against the stream, «nd hid behind a rooK. tho trout did/not ; for out they tushed toro arnon," !stone?, sod, began,, gobbjing^Hbeetle, ac l,e, ¡n the most greedy and_ quarrelsome wa! swimming about witt great-worms bungin cf ibeir montba, tuging and Woking to gi n away from each other. And now, by tb íes of the lightning,'Tom saur a ne» sfeht- a bottom of tbe .stream alive with great eel inc and twisting along, all down stream an ». They had been hiding for weeks past i cracks of tho rooks, and in burrows in tb . and Torin had hardly ever seen them, excep 'and -then at night; but no* were all out, and went hurrying pas so fiercely atd wildly that he wa j frightened. . And as they harried past hi J hear them Bay to each other, «' We mus We must ran.. What a jo ly thuoders'orm n to the sea, down to the sea !" And thet otter came by, with oil her brood, twiuiot sweeping along as fast as the eels themselves ehe spied Tom as she came by, and said Now is your, time, eft, if you want to>.se< irorid. Come along, children, never minc * nasty, eels ;; we shall breakfast on salmor jrrow. Down to the sea, down to "tm Down to the sea!" said Tom ; " everything ing to the sea, and. I will go too. Good-bye ." But the trout were so busy gobbling is that they never turned to answer him ; so Toni was spared tho pain of bidding thom el!. And "now, down the. rushing stream, d by the bright flashes of the storm ; p«Bt jirch-fringed rocks, which shone out one ¡pt' as clear os day, and the next were dark ht ; past dark hovers under swirling bauks, which great trout rushed out on Tom, "".ag him to bé good to eat, and turned back I sulkily, ffor3 nothing dare eat water-babies ; °n ; through narrow strids and roaring cataracts, ' where Tom was deafened and blinded for a moment . ¿y tbs rushing water ; along deep reaches, where J the « hite water lilies tossed and flapped beneath . the tr ind and hail; past sleeping (villages ; under ^dark bridge arches, and away and away to the sea. , And Tom cou>d not stop, and did not care to . stop; he would see the great world below, and tho -pinion, and the breakers,'end the wide, wide sea. rnd when the daylight came, Tom, found ; imself out in the salmon river. * * o ^nd ïieie he stopped. - He got a little frightened. I This must be tho sea," he thought. " What a wide placo it is. ' If I go on into it I shall 5>iro!y'"lose my way,'or some strange thing will |ite nie.' I will stop hero and look out for the Potter, of the eels, or some'One to tell me where I I shall go." So he went back a little way, and ' crept" into a crack of the rock, just where the liver ' opened, out .into the wide, shallows, and 1 vouched for some one to tell him bis way; j Int .ttite "otter 'and. the eels were gone lon miles and miles down stream Thero he waited, and slept, for he was quite tired with' his night's journey; and,' when he woke, the stream was dearing to a beautiful j «mbèr.hue, though it wa» still very high. And > after a while he saw a sight which made him i jump up ; and he know in a moment it wa3 one of j: the things which he had come to look for. Such |j s fish 1 ten times its big as tho biggest trout, and a j hundred times as big es Tom, sculling up the J stream past bim, os easily as Tom had sculled j donn. Such a fish ! shining silver from head to tail, : and here and there a crimson dot ; with a grand î hooked nose, and grand curling lip, and a grand bright eye,', looking round him as proudly as a iwg, and surveying the wa'er right and left as if it all belonged to him. 'Surely he-must be tho Balmon, tho king of all tho fish. Tom was. so frightoBcd that he longoiî.to orocp into a bolo", birt he need'not have been ; for salmon are : all true 1 gentlemen, and, like'true gentlemen, tboy look noble and proud enough, and yet, like true gent'emen, (bey never barm or quarrel with any Ono, but go about .their own business and leave rude fd ows to themselves. Tho salmon looked him full in the face, and then went on without minding him, with a swish or two of his ta l which made tho .stream boil again. And in a few minutes came another, and then four of fivo, and Bo on ; end all past Tom rushing and plunging up tho catar, ct, with strong strokes of their silver tails, now and then leaping clean out of water, and np over a rock, shining gloriously for a moment in the bright sun ; while Tom was so doYighed that he could have watched them all elsy long. And at last ono came up bigger than all the rest; but he carno slowly and stopped,. and looked back, and seémed very anxious and busy¿ and Tom saw that be was helping another salmon, an especially handsome one, who bad not a single spot upon it, but was clothed in pure silver from . nose, to ti il. "My dear," said tho' great fi&h; to bis companion, " you really look dreadfully tired, and you must not over exert yourself at firsDo rest yourself behind this rook ;" and he shoved her gen ly with his nose, .to 'tho rook, where Tom sa\ You must, .know that this was tlie salmon's wife. For - salmon, > like other, true gentlemen, always choose their lady, and love her, and arc true to her, and tako'care bf her, and work for her, and fight for:her, as every true gentleman ought ; and are not like vulgar chub and roach and pike, who have no high feelings, and take no care of their . wives. ".'.* : * " Ugh !" driel the lady, . " what low company I" ," My dear, if ho has been in low company, bebas certainly not learnt their low manners,",said! the salmon. " No, indeed, poor little deaf'; but how sad for him to liye among such people as caddises, who have actuary six legs, tho nasty things ; and dragon-flics, too 1 why thoy are not even good enough to oat : f r I tried them oncej and they ore nil. hard and omp'j ; and, as' for trout, every one knows what they are." Whereupon sho curled np her lip, and looked dreadfully scornful, while her, husband curled up is too, till he looked as pioud as Alcibiades. *' Why do you dislike tho trout so ?" asked Tom. " My dear,'wo,do ,not ¿yen mention them, if we can help it; Tor I am sorry to, say they are rela- tions of ours who do ns no credit. A groa* many years ago they were j ust like us : but they were B0;}fV?y> a^ cowardly, and greedy, that instead of going down to tho sea every year, to seo tho world and grow strong and fat, they chose to stay and poke about in the little stfeams, and eat worms and grubsj and they are very properly punished for it; fqf they haye grown ugly and. brown, and spotted, and small ; and are actually so degraded in their Mistes, that they: wfll oat our children." ' And then.'they pretend to scrape acquaintance with us again,", said'"'tho,'lady'.';Why, ,1 have actually known ono or them propose to a lady sal- mon, the little impudent little creature" "I Bhould hope," said tho gentleman, " that thora are very few ladies of our race who would degrade themselves by listening to such à, creature' for an instant. If I saw such a thing happen, I should consider it my duty to nutthom both to death Upon tho spot.» So tho old salmon said.'liko dn old blue-blooded hidalgo of Spainand what is moro, bo would havo done it too. For you must know, no enemies aré"so bitter against each other ns those Who aro pf tTi.o'sàtiio race ; and a salmon looks on .-n"trour, ai, a yankee, .looks on a, nigpjqr, as Bomothing just too much liko himself to bó tole rated. 