FOREIGN MEMORANDA. FltANCE. The Mexican expedition is at present the exclu sive subject of interest in Paris. The well known Marquis de BoisBy has just made it the occasion in the Senate to attack England, and to charge her with perfidy in withdrawing from the conven tion, and to point her out as still the bitter enemy of France. It is said that this is the view of the great maes of the people, as the French journals do not copy the articles which have appeared in the ilnglisr. papers on the subject. As we state elsewhere, a large force is about to be sent out by the French goverment to Mexico. The French army of occupation in Rome is re duced to a single division. The Moni'.eur of 1st June, announced thiB step as the result of an Im perial decision of the 28th of May. The reduced force is to be commanded by General Count de Montebello. The appointment of this officer is, curiously enough, claimed for special reasons as a triumph both by the Italian and the Ultramon tane party. One party affirms that the general himself is very ' sympathetic ' as regards Italy ; the other stoutly maintains that, whatever his personal feelings may be, he has a wife who is attached to the Empress's train as lady of honor — nnd they rest satisfied with the mention of this fact. ITAT.Y. The great ceremonial at Rome to celebrate the canonisation of the Japanese martvrs, took place on Sunday, 8th June. Tlie ceremony occupied six hours, and was attended by 44 cardinals, 250 bishops, and tho diplomatic body generally. Let ters of 8th J une from Rome give full accounts of the ceremony. The illumination of the church with 15,009 candles seems to have been a failure. ' The effect waB not brilliant; so vast are the pro portions of the church, that it was in comparative darkness, bb if stars of the fourth magnitude were glittering faintly. Seen from without, the wall) had the appearance of beir.g inlaid with bright mosaics, while the smoke of the candles and of the incense gave the interior the appearance of a vast theatre in a thick London fog. The lighting up was a decided mistake, and the less said about it the better.' As to the assembly in the church : — ' Nearly 400 mitres were here assem bled, a sight which the world has not Been for centuries, and perhaps will never see again After these and a number of other officers, his Holiness is borne into the church magnificently attired, having two large fans or flags of feathers at hia side, and holding a wax taper in his left hand, wlnlo with his right he blesses the multitude. It is impossible to give you an adequate idea of the feeling which his appearance awakened among men who had come from all parts of the world to see the representative of St. Peter, the depositary of the Holy Spirit, the half man, half God, as they regarded him, about whom they had read and talked, and for whom they had prayed since they were children no higher than the knee. ' Le Saint P&re; ! Le Saint Pdre !' exclaimed the French priests; 'II Santo Padre !' cried the Italians ; and Germans, Spaniards, Greeks, Americans, and English all manifested the same zeal, each in his different tongue. * * The singers in the Vatican chanted with their un earthly voices 'Tu es Petrus,' and the voices, not so much softened as rendered meagre by the dis tanee, glided like ghosts through the building. At times another body of men chanted 'Ave Maris Stella,' and it wus thus that the Pope waa borne through 50,000 worshippers from every country under the sun to the high altar beyond the tomb of the Apostle, where he descended from his seat, and after praying, was again carried forwards to the throne at the upper end of the nave.' After much doing of homage and chanting of ' Veni, Snir!n,«.' fnlln.uo/l ? : ' uicuiKi mc UUIUU1 uuuomsa tion, a few wordB spoken by the Pope, and then the news waB announced by cannon out in the open air, and a ' Te Deum' by the multitude in the church. It is rumored that the result of the convoca tion of bishops in Rome has been an official intimation to the French government that the Pope and his advisers will not listen to any terms of compromise. Cardinal Morlot is said to have been commissioned by the French em peror to broach some propositions ; but, upon his proceeding to deliver his message, he was cut short by a definite refusal to entertain any terms whatever. On the 14th of June a grand fete took place at the Quirinal. The ex-King Francis II., sur rounded by his ministers and court, received on that day an English— or rather Irish— deputation, intrusted with the presentation to him of a sword of honor. The deputation was headed by Cardinal Wiseman and Dr Cullen. The ex king was greeted with cries of ' Vives leB Bour bons !' A correspondent of the Temps says : — ' The sword is a very handsome one; it is now exhibited, and I have this morning been to see it. At tho guard is a bas-relief in massive gold representing Gaeta and its fortifications. On one side ? of the city is the Madonna, on the other St. Januaiius. Engraved upon it are these words, ' To Legitimacy and Honor.' Upon the handle are rubies and emeralds. The steel which is English, is superb, and the sheath the richest description.' rm/ssiA. The address of the Prussian Chamber in reply to the king's speech, as prepared by the Govern ment, being moderately Liberal in lene, and an amendment, proposed in a Conservative sense ) were both rejected ; and an address of a more decided complexion of Liberalism was carried by a large majority. It was carried up to the kin/ who received it with something like positive rude ness. He simply assured the membeis that he would preserve inviolate all the promises he had made. He hoped, therefore, thoy would rightly estimate his sentiments. It remains to be seen how these two estates of the realm will work to gether. The Electoral Hesse business has been brou-'ht to a close. The Ministry wore displaced, at the request of Austria and Prussia ; a new Ministry haB been completed ; and the Elector has at length sanctioned the constitution of 1831 and the elec. toral law of 1848. RUSSIA. The Government of Russia, with an adminis tration to reconstruct, a nation of slaves to eman cipate, a new conscription loan to establish, and a financial crisis to tide over, has thiB month had to encounter a new and terrible enemy. The pea santry and the educated class are alike impatient of the delays in the way of improvement, and finding petitions useless, they have resorted to fire. Tie bank, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Education, the Corps des Pages, se veral mansions, three great markets, the wood stores, and many hundreds of private dwellings, have all been burnt to the ground under circum stances whichleaveno doubt of incendiarism. The fires have been predicted on flying sheets hours before they occurred, aud though every one knew of the sheets the officials were never informed. This is the old and desperate remedy of an oriental population, and the government Bits bewildered. Fierce orders are issued to execute at onee all in cendiaries, but to no purpose, and the avowed object, to drive the people into insurrection, may yet be, to all appearance, attained. So great is the alarm of the middle class that merchants countermand goods shipped for St. Petersburg, from the impossibility of securing safe storage. The Russian Government has closed ail the military Sunday schools, on account of their hav ing ' inculcated seditious principles.' POLAND. The Grand Duke Constantine has been appointed Viceroy of Poland, with Marquis Wielopoleki as his adlalus, or, as we should say, premier. The appointment ia full of hope for the Poles, for the grand duke, besides being a decided Liberal, is a really competent man, arid, from his position in the empire, can act with a freedom and vigor no bureaucratic viceroy would venture to display. It is probablt, moreover, that he has made certain reforms, such as liberty of speeeh, and the re-es. tabiisliment of the universities, a condition of his appointment. He is excessively ambitious, though, following the tradition of his House, he avoids a separate position in politics, and steadily supports his brother. He is said in Russia to be a determined advocate of the peasantry, and to en tertain secretly the dislike for the nobles which the Romanoffs have often displayed, and which has, perhaps, more than any other cause, kept them firm to the cause of emancipation. TURKEY. A conflict of a serious character has broken out in Servia. No detailed account has reached Lon don, but according to the telegrams some Turkish soldiers in Belgrade, on the 15:h of June, mur dered a Servian lad. The townspeople attacked them, and on the following day the peasantry began to pour into the town. The Turks either feared attack or were attacked, and on the 17th the fort commenced the bombardment of the town, which was speedily in flames. Hostilities were, however, suspended in the evening through the intervention of the consuls. Martial law has been proclaimed at Belgrade, and seve-al persons have been shot. A telegram states that some of the country people who were broueht in to defend the city against the Turks have only occupied themselves as plunderers and robbers. The Paris Moniteur of 22nd June sayB that the Ottoman Government has recalled the governor of the I citadel of Belgrade, has ordered that hostilities should be stopped, and has directed that a search ing inquiry should be made into the rf acts out of which the conflict arose. MEXICO. On tho evening of the 14th June, the Patrie published a despatch from Vera Cruz, dited 15th May, stating that the French had had a long and glorious combat before Pufbla, in which the Mexicans were completely beaten, and that the French were to enter the city the next day. On the following morning the Moniteur published its version of the news. It says nothing about the splendid victory. It announces the arrival of the French three miles from Puebla, and expresses a hope that the inhabitants would declare for the French, and Becond the attack of General Lo rencez upon the fortress of Guadalupe, which tn,.,*, Tt .'.elf any account of tho attack on tho above fort, but limitB itself to Mexican accounts, which state that a vigorous attack was made on Guadalupe on the 5th of May, but without vffect. Both the Patrie and Moniteur agree that the French commu nications with Vera Cruz are intercepted. These statements of the official journals have not re assured the public mirid ; and it may be inferred with certainty that the French truops have suffered a repulse. At first it was said that reinforcements amounting to 6000 men would be sent ; but it is now known that a much larger force is being got ready. The French Minister of War has asked for a credit of 15,000,000 f., and the Minister of Marine for 7,000,000 f The number of men to be sent off at once is 8000 or 10,000, nnd we can have little doubt that u greater number will be despatched should the resistance of the Mexicans threaten to be lasting. Tne ministers were lately summoned to Fontainebleau, in order that the Emperor may communicate to them his plan for continuing the campaign. A portion of the army of Algeria is to be at once embarked for Vera Cruz. A number of vessels, both ships of war and merchantmen, will be sent out full of troops, and the different ports are actively engeged in making preparations for tlie new expedition. The expfdition is to be under the command of General Forey, who will supersede General Loiencez. DENMARK. A thousand students from Sweden and Norway have visited Copenhagen, and have been received with applause. ' This,' says the Spectator, ' is a significant fact. The idea of a Scandinavian empire, impossible while Russia was active, has, in her quiescence of late, been strongly revived. It is the pet idea of King Oscar, and has found favor even in Denmark. Copenhagen, jealous for her position, has long been the principal ob stacle, and now Copenhagen applauds. The King of Denmark is childless; France it is said consents ; Prussia would be content with Hot stein ; and England has no opposition to make.' 