THE THEATRE ROYAL, MR. BARRY SULLIVAN IN "HAMLET." There was such an audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening as only assembles on special occasions, when, for example, an old favourite is about to take his departure from these boards, or an actor of celebrity is announced to make his first appearance upon them. Every part of the house was full, and all appeared to be eagerly expectant and predisposed to be pleased. Hence there was more than usual warmth in the greeting bestowed upon Messrs. Warner and Edwards and Miss Gougenheim when they entered upon the scene, and the welcome accorded to Mr. Barry Sullivan when he presented himself was full of fervour, and lasted for some minutes. This was followed by the hush of close attention and watchful curiosity, and the tragedy proceeded. In the character of Hamlet, Mr. Sullivan scarcely produced the impression which the eulogies circulated concerning him had led us to expect. It was thoughtful, earnest, easy, artistic, and elaborate, but not great. He does not electrify you by flashes of genius, neither does he descend to be commonplace. The general impression produced by the performance was, that you had witnessed a delineation of the character marked by special care and intelligence, which had always pleased, but never startled you. No one portion of it was capable of leaving an indelible stamp upon the mind-of burning itself into the recollection, as it were. It satisfied the judge- ment without exciting the emotions. It was an effort of intellectual power which left the heart untouched. You could have forgiven some of the errors and irregularities of genius for the sake of its vivifying influence. Hamlet, as presented to us by Mr. Sullivan, is less molan- I choly, moody, and meditative, and moro"splenetio and rash," than he usually appears. His " grief bears" the strongest "emphasis." This is the side of Hamlet which Mr. Sullivan shows, and it seems doubtful whether any actor (since Betterton has exhibited more than one aspect of the philosophical Prince's many-sided character. Colley Gibber, Addison, Steele, and the author of the " Lick at the Laureate all concur in pro- nouncing that great actor's Hamlet faultless and complete; and an interesting testimonial to his ability has been left on record :-" Botterlon's countenance, which was naturally ruddy and sanguine, in the scene of the third act, where his father's ghost appears, through the violent and sudden emotion of amazement and horror, turned instantly, on the sight of his father's spirit, as pale as his neckcloth, when his whole body seemed to be affected with a tremor inexpressible, so that, had his father's ghost actually risen before him, he could not have been seized with more real agonies; and this was felt so strongly by the audience, that the blood seemed to shudder in their veins likewise, and they in some measure partook of the astonishment and horror with which they saw this excellent actor affected' Wilks seems to have brought out the tender- ness of Hamlet's character in strong relief ; Garrick, his profound melancholy ; John Philip Kemble (who was the first to dress Hamlet in the Vandyke costume), the grace and dignity of the Prince ; Edmund Kean the bitter sarcasm and fitful energy of his character; and Maorbady its sensibility, thoughtful ness, and irresolution. Mr. Barry Sullivan has evidently profited, in his study of the part, by the light which his predecessors have thrown upon it, and has judiciously availed himself of the now readings introduced by Kemble, and of the " business" adopted by Kean. Thus, in the scene with Ophelia, in the third act, we are told that Kean, after he had gone to the extremity of the stage, returned, from a pang of parting tenderness, to press his lips to Ophelia's hands; thus confirming the opinion expressed by Charles Lamb, that the Prince's behaviour at this stage is a more artifice I of affection, and that, though he expresses himself in the language of temporary alienation, "it is a distraction, purely ; it is not anger, but grief assuming the appearance of anger love awkwardly counterfeiting hats, as sweet countenances when they try to from." Mr. Sullivan makes this the more apparent to the audience, by causing the King to cross the back of the stage, at the commencement of the interview, and signifying by his own demeanour that he is conscious he is watched, and that he, therefore, imposes a powerful restraint upon his nature, and sup- presses those evidences of tenderness which his own affection for Ophelia and her wretchedness of mind would otherwise elicit from him. In the colloquy between them, the actor malton one point, which is probably o,!(,inal. When he asks Ophelia, " Where's your father ?" and sho replies, " At home, my lord," his countenance and gestures expressed his conviction that she had been instigated to pastor with the truth, coupled with a feeling of the deepest grief at the discovery that she could stoop to equivocate. In the closet scene with the Queen, Mr. Sullivan reverts to the practice (adopted by Kemble) of apostle- seizing the two portraits as though they were hanging on the wall, instead of referring to miniatures worn by the Queen and Prince respec- < tively ; but we do not think the restoration com mendable, because it is improbable that the portrait of the deceased monarch would have been suffered to remain on the walls, much less that the reigning sovereign would have caused his own picture to be hung beside it, " like a mildewed ear, blasting his wholesome brother." There was an absence of all compassion and affection in the Prince's manner to his mother, moreover, which must be mentioned as a fault. Such unmitigated harshness is inconsistent with Hamlet's character, and with that filial reverence with which he would be certain to receive the ghost's injunc- tion : " 0, step between her and her fighting soul, Consort in weakest bodies strongest works, Speak to her Hamlet." During his first interview with the ghost, Mr. Sullivan's tone and manner were natural and impressive. Both were subdued by the appari- tion ; nor did the energy with which he shook off his companions, impair the effect produced by the laws under which he manifestly laboured. Imitating Edmund Kean's innovation, Mr. Su'U van kept his sword pointed behind him while following the ghost, to prevent molestation by Horatio and Marcellus and his exit in this scene was admirably conducted. When he subsequently rejoins his companions on the platform, and seems to be about to divulge to them the purport of his conversation with the ghost, he makes an abrupt pause SB though intending to couple the words, " Thoro'a ne'er a villain dwell- ing in all Denmark," with a vehement denuncia- tion of the King, but suddenly be thinking him of the impolicy of such a step, he abruptly concludes the sentence- with a-jest. In the second act, where Hamlet, commenting on the mutability of popular opinion, observes, " Mice uncle is king of Denmark," he suddenly perceives a miniature of the monarch suspended from the neck of Rosencrantz, which suggests to him the remark, "And those that would make mows at him while my father lived, give twenty, forty, fifty, an hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little" Mr. Sullivan's reception of the players was open to the same coffee, tion as Mr. Macroady's. It was less cordial than the text would lead us to believe it should have been; nor was his delivery of the celebrated advice so finished and BO faultless as we have heard it given on the same stage. Perhaps the finest piece of acting in the whole play was Mr. Sullivan's death scene,' which was as effective as it was skilfully managed. Although we have not spoken of this gentleman in those terms of glowing eulogy which his admirers in England have been accustomed to employ, we must frankly admit that he has appeared among us under very disadvantageous circumstances. He follows a great actor and a general favourite ; his voice has suffered by the sea voyage and with two or three exceptions, he has been wretchedly supported. The tragedy ran the risk of being converted in to a burlesque by the representatives of the King and Queen. The former was imperfect in his part, ungainly in his carriage, and seemed to have borrowed his royal robes from some dusty repository of worn-out garments. The Queen drawled her words and whined and made the audience fitter in the most solemn passages of the play. Polonius was senile, and nothing more and Rosencrantz and Guildenstern looked like a couple of scarecrows, and had to be prompted and placed by Mr. Sullivan; while the supernumeraries prevented us from feeling the slightest respect for the Danish nobility in the reign of Fenton and Geruth. _. On the other hand, Mr Warner's rich voice and measured declamation were heard to great advantage in the Ghost and be shared with Mr. Sullivan in the honour of neill, after the first act, - Mr. Edwards played Laertes with his accustomed ability; and the Horatio of Mr. Hope is not without the promise of better things. Miss Joey Gougenheim was out of her element in the character of Ophelia, nor do we think her departure from the customary mode of dressing the character is an improvement. Adequately supported, we have little doubt that Mr. Sullivan would have made a much stronger impression than he did for we can easily imagine the depressing and irritating effect upon a leading actor's mind of the incompetency and imperfections of those who surround him. Were be a Garrick, he could not sustain the burden of a five act tragedy on his own shoulders. In opera it may be possible for the husband of a Catalan! - to exclaim that all he requires is so femme el f-roisyoii/;(;cj;"but in the legiti- mate drama the case is different, and it is due to Mr. Sullivan's reputation that he should be supported by something better than a "scratch company." The Melbourne public have been accustomed to see the plays of Shakspeare efficiently cast, and effectively performed at the Theatre Royal, and the patrons will expect to see them sustained with equal credit for the time to come. Mr. Barry Sullivan, we should add, was called before the curtain three times in the course of Saturday evening, and on the last occasion briefly addressed the audience, thanking them for the kindness with which they had received him, and explaining that he was suffering from hoarseness, which had interfered with his ability to act. " Hamlet" will be repeated this evening. 