A SCENE AT THE THEATRE ROYAL» MELBOURNE. Mr Lyster's third opera season has com menced auspiciously, although the event has not been unattended with excitement due to extraneous causes, and with a display of discordant feeling rarely witnessed inside the walls of a colonial theatre. The house was crowded in every part, and it must have been difficult to find standing room in any place from which a view of the stage could be obtained. Those who are ac customed to scan the faces of large as semblages might have divined, from the aspect of many of those present, that there was "something in the wind," that a demon stration of some kind was brewing. The pit audience included many visitors not ordi narily found in that portion of the house, and there was a sort of uneasy curiosity visible in the countenances of some of the most regular attendants at operatic perform ances. Mr Reiffs appearance in the or chestra was the signal "for a general and ex tremely cordial burst of applause, and the applause was renewed at thc conclusion of the overture, which was played with great spirit by the band. When the curtain drew up for the first act of "Martha," discovering Madame Lucy Escott and Miss Hodson, the plaudits were again vehement and unanimous; butin the Richmond Fair scene, when Mr Squires made his first ap pearance on the stage, there was an extra ordinary manifestation of good and ill-will on the part of the audience The cheers, .»hieb, were loud and vehement, seemed to emanate chiefly from the dress circle and the stalls; the groans and hisses from the upper-circle, pit, and gallery. For some minutes there was a vigorous contest be tween the two parties. When there was a lull in the storm of applause, the dissidents took up lae groaning and hissing with great energy ; and these presently succumbed to the more sonorous .. hurrahs;" rendering it very difficult for any one to decide whether the " ayes " or the "noes " were in a majo rity. Mr Squires comported himself with much tact and goodwill throughout, though evidently nervous and embarrassed. Once or twice, like the Ghost in Hamlet, he " did address himself to motion, like as he would speak," but ' the attempt was de feated by the tumult which was raised. At length the manager appeared upon the stage, but he failed to obtain a hearing, and finally a momentary subsidence of the storm enabled Mr Squires to make himself audible, sand liavinu- once obtained the ear nf the house no further opposition was offered to ! his address. In effect lie repeated the sub stance ol thc letter which he published some time since in our columns. He depre cated the original publication of thc letter, which he had addressed to a friend in Cali fornia, and stated that an erroneous con struction had been put upon a phrase which lie had never intended to apply offensively. He very much regretted what had occurred, and having made this apology for an unin tentional reflection upon the English cha racter, he trusted they would bear in mind the old English maxim, and let byegones be byegones. With this explanation the audi ence seemed to be perfectly satisfied ; and a well timed remark from Mr Farquharson led to an explosion of laughter, followed by a cry of '* Three cheers for Farquharson," which was promptly responded to, and the opera, the progress of which has been sus pended for about a quarter of an hour, was proceeded with in perfect good humor on all sides.-Argus, 18th February. 