"^ñoBOílNIOmOF THE SNCtLlSB,* (FROST TlTJLATHENiEUM, JUNE 21 i«iViB5I.Esquiros holding up the mirror tJ "SS,! not grotesquely, ignorantly. or 63 as so many of his countrymen have mUB DU with knowledge, good-humour, f°D,t'nce sod accuracy. ThoW thing that of a i aid of him is, that he never seems strictly or racially Frenchmen do we think, indeed, V to, Esquires is, by pedigree, a Frencham. in volume ho discourses of clubs, theatre, LENTZ the turf, lightly, intelligently, , i a little !»**"?»> involving much corunna Illa and a faithful purpose of depicting a weare, for remarks upon the centre!; is seen the English and the French theory is club Clubs, of course, were soon 'Luous is too history of the Revolution; yet Tubs as enjoyed in London are unknown in Perth They "presuppose rights, guarantees, Yd before all, lengthened training in liberty," and as are not to be discovered out of these "counts Islands; and they contribute one bridle the life of every Englishman more or less aristocratic, the account Branding this: Family, Club, Country. The investigations of v enquire into the antiquities of the 'club Mission are less interesting than his personal attacks, and we may pass them. over. Wa es all familiar with the Mermaid, the Devils, ho Coffee- houses, beef-steak, the Literary, te Hogs in Armour, Kitoats, Thieves, and values. as, in a less degree, with the Noiseless, his Fat, the Thin the Tall, the Short, the i race Glove, and the Sighing, the Widows, i e Duettists, and the Mohooka out what we like to to hear a well-informed foreigner descanting on those peculiar institutions of the West- end, M. Esquires" Bkotohes accurately enough ,iecircamstancesof White's and Brooke's, and it on writes a passage which it is comforting to read, remembering. as we do the fearful and »inaerfalFruochman who had declared that in a H London the ideal of memory Is paramount : " The Hut time I walked in London in the v unity of St, James's Park I was struck by the sent of splendid houses, standing at a certain Stance from each other, and which gave to this act of the town a character of wealth and his party, They were in all styles, Greek, Roman, 'italian, simple or decorated, but had a family resemblance to each other. My surprise was augmented in Pall Mall, where palaces suo added palaces, I saw all around me colon- fades, porticoes, bas-reliefs, friezes, and other architectural ornaments. As these noble build alga, however, had not the character of public edifices, and as I was still under the, in thence of the ideas Frenchmen form as to the English aristocracy, I asked myself what old families could be rich enough to stand such ruinous expenses in keeping up establishment-) of this site, Jin Englishman undertook to dispel my illusions, by telling me that each of those princely residences was occupied, as he said, by a selective lord, I had, in fact, before me, the club-house of London, the palaces erected on the principle of association for material comforts and the pleasures of social life. They are at cres hotels, eating-houses, oafs, reading-room;, in libraries. Such establishments are not the property of an individual, but belong to name icos bodies of partners. The clubhouses reputed net the true monuments of the age, and the eldest of them do not date back beyond 1828. he stranger especially stops in surprise in front of the Carlton Club, an immense edifice, built from the designs of Sir Robert Smirke, and which n minds him of the Library of St. Mark, at Venice. The profusion of ornaments only yield his to the richness of the material ; columns of pushed red granite, coupled two and two, deep into the facade of the building, which is surmounted by a terrace, surrounded by a stone balustrade of severe and yet elegant design. In the same street, Pall Mall, as the Army and Navy Cob, whose style English architects have towed from the Corners Palace the walls uncovered with old naval and military trophies, starve which runs a frieze loaded with arabesques, ft' age and figures." He might almost flatter ourselves, from what it Esquirol has further to say, that an English, architect might, in the course of ages, build a Lievre. He dwells with rapture on these palatial king's. libraries, kitchens and MConto- Ohristo the cellars, The club-house, in fact, is, be cr misses, a fairy residence :- ? "For the average sum of twenty pounds to raise money, and ten guineas a year, each. cember, admitted by ballot, can go where he had, do what he pleases in the House, read, wine, dine alone or with a friend, mix in convoy lation or withdraw into a corner with a news paper or the last new magazine. At the club, he is at home; as twelve- hundredth part of the render of the house, he commands an army of servants, from the footman in laced coat, velvet b-. inches and silk stockings, up to the little page with gilt buttons, whom a duchess might envy. He has his cook, his bath, his plate, and his easy chair by the fire, where he can build castles in the air, although the notion is a reality, for he e>erciseiarlght over all that this palace out of the Arabian Nights possesses." Think, too, of the Iron Duke eating a shilling dinner at the Senior United 1 and think, too, of M. ' Esquires knowing more about clubs than nine-tenths of club, men 1 Long might, we walk in Pall Mall before encountering a friend who ch d talk so learnedly of the sublime houses the i by Smirke and Barry. Sapplementally he set") ; " The principle of affinity, which, as we have if, presided over the formation of the old clubs, has not ceased to effect an influence over the day the union of the modern club-house. Phe mern ears of the universities-I chiefly refer to those who have grown grey over their books-would ltd ill at 9000 in the noise and frivolity of a fashionable drawingroom, At the club they err, on the other hand, enjoy all the delicacies of los try and good cheer with friends who pursue the same liberal career, and whose conversation tun a on the same favourite subjects. I was re- quired to notice, however, that the grave doctors, in spite of their taste for the sacred founts of an inquiry, did not disdain delicate wines, and that their cellar was one of the choicest in London. This habit of associating in groups must have strengthened in Great Britain the division into classes, and have concentrated the circle of bemm acquirements, which thus gain in depth sV. they lose in surface. Still I regret that the chosen men of England have slightly lost out of sight the advice St. Paul offers-to so simple with the simple. by an odd mistake, he speaks of the Whittington as a club " at which the great merchants meet-," and glancing by the way at a little coterie styling itself the Savages, he employs the epithet ''formidable." Whereupon his translator, Mr. niasall, more wrong than himself, alludes to Richard Savage in connexion with the little (lm, Richard Savage never having been at all in the mind of its founders. The idea was that of a Robin Hood outlawry from the despotism 1 convention, But, to pass on, M. Esquirol , '4 will not assert, however, with some essay- ists, that conversation is the principal attraction 1 modem clubs. If the Englishman be the most clubbable of men, according to Johnson's expres in, it is not to much because he likes to spank, us that he possesses the art of holding his tongue. He respects your silence, but he expects you to respect his. Where else could you find what may be soon daily in English , club, two men meeting every morning and evening, who spend long hours together, 'and yet never open their lips to talk about their domestic affairs j I ask myself, on the other in ' ,"a(!tn<|i the success of British Clubs is issue "and, as people say, on a footing of socials I?' t M *re "otnW nations quite as sensible the English', and yet with-them aggregation speedily degenerates into serfdom. The English and possesses the extreme advantage of remain H himself in the midst of a group of friends or companions, and there is no reason to fear that the veil over sacrifice his liberty for any considerable without, being deficient in politeness-at at the politeness of his own country-house date himself in a crowd, attend to his business ÍI.P-0«1"«, or' come and go exactly as he likes. nnathewlshcstoboexcused in himself he tolerates matters in aWord, the Englishman only becomes associated with others in order to increase his a residence along with his comfort,- and to lengthen his self-esteem." > ran at 100 values according to some authorities, ?M'n«leara the art of pleasing women yet Si. "* we are told, occasionally too " Some Englishmen believe, in fact, that they no means their importance in society by the number of ballots from which they emerge as a 1. ,»i*ndtD0 different clubs of which they? members. Here before all commonest! the ADJ and being a member of several claims has produced a generation of Idle, useless? men, S.r,??sbïd0WB«wh0 go from one Welstead 6 3 The other was the brand of tennis on their foreheads.'.' set? 'a club to the stage : was, well çujgllshtnsoi is notametaphysioian; ha Ms but slight taste for contemplative life, and he 3.3.a 'VC's of haughty disdain foreseeing and abstractions." ; 4»t«eriaor°-'metophiBt0al P',CtUr8 E A kiln wheat the same time the rehearsals are des?' i The house and the stone then offer, JT!. a melancholy contrast with what they ».",;' e»rclitbir.i, and the boxes, covered with a S A 6-ft of cases' seem haunted by ghosts, have î",1!|! the haPPy faces That was called W aT months later. The curtain is up, ad ml hours sad and desolate. A friend IrieniW'omed toe audience; and as tMs S^jJAo an interest in the pantomime ¿ulklPXßty0* Bom: army from OeSebue LnS nda' Second series. ByAlphoJiie writes-Mr sundry questions. 'Who are these poor creatures said to him,- in ragged clothes and the pretty girls, poorly clad for the races. who are blowing on their fingers over' Where riches are tables." And that feeble old man, who is conversing with the manager, with a melancholy look, while enjoying a pinch of snuff I'-' That is the young, gay, dashing, and illimitable clown. And that ballet-girl, in faded ' fishings, old satin slippers that are nearly black, and bonnet, who has tried a pass, and is now working on a brown mantle?'-' That is the colum- ' me.' I could not suppress a start of surprise. 'Columbine?' I exclaimed Herself. You now take her in her work-a-day clothes; at the first Ttiformnnco you will see her in all her glory, first is the Princess, on whom the evil spirits have cast a spell, and then as the trains f gored being who at once recovers the brilliancy, power and freshness of her charms. She vi will create a tremendous sensation.' From this conversation both my friend and myself concluded that it did not do to see the seamy side of illusions or the rehearsals of a pantomime," This is amusing : "The character of English actors has been in tern immoderately attacked and praised accord as to the point of view from which moralists re f aided it. I will only confine my attention to arms. The criminal statistics are decidedly in favour of the stage. No member of the profession was ever tried for serious crime, and no comedian was ever hanged. Must we conclude from this that English actors are exempt from faults? That would not be the opinion of old authors and managers, who especially reproach English actors with independence and vanity. It may be said that there are traits of character peculiar to actors in all countries ; but in England they form an independent class among an independent people, and display vanity among a nation too haughty to be vain. The first of these mental dispositions must be doubtless attributed to the short duration of their engagements and their erratic life. England' counts among her theatrical celebrities a considerable number of nomadic players, who come like shadows in the different cities of the kingdom, and so depart." Sporting life, as led in England, is difficult of comprehension, even to the best acclimatized foreigner. M. Esquires, however, is not far wrong in his estimate. He says - "At the present day what was originally an amusement and aspeotablehas become aBoience, a business, an institution. Speculation, instigated by brilliant chances of gain, has rushed at full speed into this new arena, where the uncertainty of the event imparts a gambling character to the wagers. Who can say, in fact, what slip may take place betwixt the cup and the lip in his! hopes ? Regarded in its connexion with the history of manners, a great curiosity is attached, if I am not mistaken, to a national practice, in which an enormous capital is daily asked, which finds work for so many brains, and which has created thoroughly peculiar traits in English society. The object of these chapters will be to give an idea of races, and especially of the Derby which is to some extent a résumé of all the national festivals to explain the life of the English horse and jockey, and to describe the large number of persons connected with the turf. The ground of our observations is marked out beforehand by the very nature of the subject at Epsom we shall find the most celebrated race at Newmarket, the trades that live by horses and at London, the home of that speculation known by the name of betting." His picture of a Derby-day is vivid, variegated, and life-like. We cut a little bit out of the sunny, dusty, parasol, and white-hat panorama ; "All our party, male and female, had mounted on the roof of the omnibus; and from this height I was for a moment stunned by the sight of the multitude Epsom Downs extend for an enormous distance, undulating with an almost insensible and graceful curve : well, on all sides, there was not a blade of grass which was not covered by the crowds. TMB ocean of heads, or, to speak more correctly, of hats, for the English only uncover in the last extremity, had something imposing and really solemn in its stirring and restless immobility. Before us stretched out the race-course, which the policemen were striving to clear by thrusting back the pro- menaces who had invaded it and on the other side rose a black compact mass of carriages, on which pyramids of gazers were built up. The race-course is of a horse-shoe shape. I heard sporiBmcn complaining of the state of the ground, which they said was as hard as diamonds ; but this information did not greatly affect the ladies, who generally like to hear the horses' hoofs rattling on the hard, dry ground." Really, it is worth while to be told that we have a grain of the picturesque left in us. Who shall say that romance has perished out of England, with all its clubs, cocked- halo, and cricket matches? "The tramp is a social institution of Great Britain an institution, I confess, which it would not be sorry to get rid of, but which, on the contrary, threatens to increase. The name of tramps is given to an unsettled race of men who live, more or less, in a state of vagabondage. The English Government published in a Blue-book of 1848 a very interesting report on the life, manners, and even organization, of these English families. Their number is estimated at 65,000. low many of these are connected with the races? It is a proportion which it would be difficult to establish. We can, however, form an idea of their predilection for the turf on seeing the ragged multitude that covers the Downs during the night that precedes the Derby. It would be dangerous to venture into their dark realm without the protection of a police sergeant. The dusky health, however, oners at a distance a unique spectacle, with its heights crowned with bivouac Cres. Each of these fares, fed with dry roots and furze, is surrounded by some twenty night tramps male and female, some of whom are lying on the ground, and apparently sleeping; while others, seated on the grass, offer to the flames their harsh features and bronzed faces. According to the remark of the sergeant who accompanied me on this night found two years up of ; the latter seemed to have contracted the habit of sleeping with their eyes open. These groups of tramps must not be con- founded with the gipsies, who have also their fires, and have set up their canvas town in various quarters. No real alliance exists between the blood of the Pharaohs and that of the white Bedouins, as the English vagabonds are sometimes called. Everybody, however, does not sleep in the open air. Plank sheds are put up, under whose roof the aristocratic tramps assemble. Some of these booths have even the auda- city to assume the name of hotel. Here, for instance, is the Irish Hotel, in which travellers, men, women, and children, sleep pell-mell, form- ing an inextricable labyrinth of heads, arms, and legs spread out in every direction. These sheds serve as sleeping apartments during the night, and as stables by day, There was a German writer once who wrote sensibly about English character and customs, but we never met with any one, confessing to -a French nativity, who surpassed M. Esquires in candour or intelligence when treating of England as a familiar topic . THE GREAT EASTERN IN CUSTODY. Posses < then was taken of the leviathan steamer on the 30th of May, by the United States marshal's deputy, under an attachment for a claim of 100,000 dollars, preferred by Hamilton F. Towle, engineer, for salvage. The plaintiff alleged that when the Great' Eastern was on a voyage to New York, she was so disabled as to be rendered inc. pable of proceeding to port, until he a passenger;' invented a screw that saved the vessel, her passengers, and cargo. On the same day. an application was made before the United States district judge for a reduction of the amount of tail in the case. Mr. Evarts, on behalf of the defendants, contended that the amount of bail was enormous, and that Mr. Towle had not rendered any more service on the occasion than any man possessed of the same ability and ingenuity would volunteer to save the lives of fellow-beings, particularly when his own life was in equal jeopardy. Lord Stowell, a great English judicial authority, had laid,, down that a passenger under such circumstances could not recover any compensation. If Mr, Towle had kept within his mind the idea of laying the vessel until he exacted a promise of payment until he had found a fortune in a great disaster \- he would be an unworthy passemer'on any future voyage with his fellow-men. ' No bill had been sent in for these services and if "Mr, Towle had made a claim of 5,OOOJo!., and been paid it, he would have had good reason to' know, that it was a good night's work to save his own' life and set so much money. Judge Betts would not go into the merits, but merely confine himself to the amount of bail, in order to secure to the plaintiff whatever rights he might establish on the trial of the cause. Ultimately-his Honour decided to board the vessel in the sum of 10,000 do!. Howland and Aspinwall became the sureties and the vessel was discharged from the custody of the United States marshal. -impress. FIGHT BETWEEN A SEAL AND A CODFISH. last week, as the Carron Company's steamship Clyde was lying at the water month's very extraordinary engagement between a large codfish rod a seal was observed from the decks when V boat was immediately lowered and chase given for the capture of one or both of the combatants. On the approach of the boat, however, his seal ship scattered off, leaving his opponent a prize to the boat's crew ; but so terribly mauled had his lordship been as to be little worth, notwithstanding his great size (upwards of four feet in length). On examination he was found to be very much bitten, and a strip of skin torn off from the back of his head to his tail.-FalkirdBereUd. 