. .. '. . . NEWCASTLE. , ? , ??'?>?' ' * .'. -> , - Thorsdey Evening. I j- 'Ari attempt at highway robbery, on the person of Dr. Parson«, was made last night. Tbs doator esoaped. ' The polioe posses* a eine. CntuBSR OF CoiiMEnoE.-At the monthly meeting, wbiob waa advertised to tako place yesterday, there was not a qnmnro of member* yre stands adjourned till the next meeting day. AtJSTB.Ai.tArt YAonr FQUADBOK.-The asnal monthly meeting of tba niembure of thia ol ab wat held yea. terday, at tba oh «rn bera of the Commodore. The kfendanoB waa good. , Seventeen, new mern, bera were ballofed for, and eleeted, and a large number of gentlemen . wero propisnd and seconded for ballot at next monthly meeting. Saturday, tba 18ib Oj'obor, wrs fixed for the openiog day, «ben the yaahts will muster, ander the orders of the Commodore, who will prooeed to sea, and, by a series of ovolu iota, give our bino juhet* an opfortunity of «holing what the de;p-lceel stjiadroo can do in clawing off a le» shore, ? DEATH, rnou ACCIDENTAI INJUIIT.-On the body of the lad, Samuel William. Golding, »ged 17 yearn, «rho died on Wednesday morning, at bin parents reaidonos, Nanslson-street, from the effools of an io jury icflioted on his head,'on tho 8th of Jtity last, by a b>ow with a atone, an inanest was held before the Ci'y Coronar; nt tho Sydney ond Melbourne Hotel, Margaret street, yes terdey'mornlog. The particulars of the unfortunate oo ourrenae appeared in yeaterdaj'j issue. Shortly after tbo reoelpt ' of (ba iojary, symptoms of head disease np peared, from whiob complaint deoeased died oo WedneB dar morning. Yerdlot-Died from injuries coolden'ally raeeived. ..... HoimooXTDnAi, SOCIBTY or SIDNEY.--The above sooiety- hold their' third monthly meeting, at the', Temperance Hall Mr. Miobael B*ll having beon voted into 'the obalr, Mr. Graham pro. oeeded to read o piper on the. advantages to b e derived by co'tivatmg prairie grass, setting forth its' 'marita, either 'for furnishing rans with a superior grasa or BB regards its txiellonoa as a winter end summer fodder for oattle, It was p.rtionlorly mentioned .hat the oulony ia indebted to Mr. G. A. Boll, of Sr. Leonerd V for being the first in bringing it before the public; opinions wore »leo ? stressed os to its usefulness In keeping down, and most likely, eventuolly destroying tbOBe pOBts, the tbtota and water grasp: Mr. Beeoe also read a paper on the germination of seed, daring tte oonrse of whiob he drew attention to wbat he oonBldered were tho oanseB ol failure in getting seeds to germinate, and also as to , the desirability of every gardener having a knowledge of ohemi-try. Â fine specimen Qlotxnla maximum violaceum wis exhlbltol by air. Ball, gardener to X, 3 M rt, Ifisq , whioh was admired and reoeived a vo'e of commendation. The usual vote of thanks being given to Mr. Graham, Mr. Beeac, aod ohalrman, thr. meeting dispersed. 1 CORONER'S INQUEST. -The city coroner held an in- quest yesterday morning, at the Black Dog, public-house, Gloucester-street, on the body of a married woman, named Anne Carmody, aged sixty-two years. Deceased was a native of Ireland, and came to the colony as a prisoner of the Crown many years ago. Daring the last thirteen years (nine of which she suffered severely from asthma), she drank very hard. Dr. Wright examined the body after death, and believed death to have been caused by disease of the heart and lungs, accelerated by intem- perate habits. Deceased died about 12 o'clock, an Wed- nesday. Verdict-Died from disease of long standing brought on by habitual acts of intemperance. MüNtotTAiTiv OF BALMAIN.-A meeting of thé oounoll was held in tbs ball of tbs Sobool of Arts, ou Monday, tba ISth ultimo. Present-Hie Choirrain (N. D. Stenhouse, E?q.), and Messrs, Btatlio, Booth, Otiurob, Cohan, Elliott, Evana, »nd Uonntree. The minutes of the prooeedings at tho previoas meeting woro read and oonflrmod. Tbs oommitten of 'works brought np a ra. port: 1'. Stating that having daly considered the oom., maniiation of Mr, Byan Brenan, respecting the advan. tages to be derived from having an additional road opened throngb Glebe Island, they ooald see no ground ?pan 'whiob they could reoommood lbs oounoll to move in the matter at prosont. 3. Iteàommonding that that portion of Daring Boad in fr ott of bouses on tbo WEB'. sido of Mr. Buchanan's residence, for a diatanoe of about two hnndrsd yards, bo fa,', into a passable Btoto of repair, by day labour, at a dost not nxoeeding thirty pounds. 3. Stating that Mr. TnomasO'Biien had boan supplied wltb drain,", pipe's, of the value of ld\v., for carrying the sitrfaas drainage from near his oottuge, ia Oooprr-streot, into tba sower, 4. Stating that they had examln d and submitted to the floanoo oommittee, sundry aooounts, ..mounting to £3017«. Beport reoeived. The oommittee of fiaanoa brought np a report;- elating' that elnoo their lust report, of 30th AugttBt, sundry aooonuts, amounting to £28) IIB. Od. bad boen paid by them undor votes of appropriation by tb« council/ Beport reoeived ; and on tho motion of Mr. Church, adopted. The obairman re- ported ibat in «ooordanoe wit{i tho resolution of Ibo oounoll of 18th August, appointing a deputation to walt upon tho;honorable tho Minister for rabilo Works, with reference to tba repair of tho road through Glebe le- land, Mesare. Elliott, Brans, and himself bad obtoiood an interview with that gontlrratn, and were informed that should fha Engineer-in-Ohief for Harbours make no oiijaollun; step« would probably bo taken to put. the road Into a proper state of ri pair, and that . sum would be plaoed oa the ostlmatca for that purpose Tba obalr. mau also roportrd that the allowance* from tho Govern- ment fer the past year, cndeJ 80th Juno last, amounting to £403 18?. Od, bad boen paid by tho Government Into toe tank to tho orcdit of tho municipality. Mr. Elliott moved,'< That in aeootdanoe with tho looorrmendalton of tbe oommittee of works ia their rr port reoeived tba day, a portion of Darllng-rotd (about 300 yards) bo put into a passable stato of repair by day labour, at a oast not exoeeding £30. Carried unanimously. Mr. Evans moved-That tho repoit of tbe committee of works received tbit day, exolUBlvo of that pottion lelat lng' to Dirling.road, end already adopted, be approvod. Carried unanimously, Mr, flohen pursuant to nolloo moved-That tho o(BW expenses of tbo council be taken into consideration »n-iatim, »Ith a view to reduoing tho saran. After a very long discussion tbo quotion wet put, and negatived on tho following division :-Ajo», 3, Moaarf. Cobon, Olinrch, and Booth. Noes, 4, Means. Uoittie, Elliott,, Evans, Bountrcn. Several tondara for tho oonstruotioti of o brl'lrre ovtr tim oreck, in Oamoron. dirent wero rood vet', ot d that of Mr. Guorge Danoan, i for £71 10J. acooptcd, Tho oouaail thon ooparatod. Bi Y Ai VICTORIA TKBATBX-I«»et night Sbakspera'a srrat tragad/ ot Hamlet waa produced at thia 'biarra. Mr. Bi'ry SalliTan playing tba part of the philosophic and melancholy Prince. We most candidly oonfeas, tbat not. withstanding tbe many favourable notioes we have read and the reputation we bad beard awarded with resard , Mr. Sullivan's; rendoring of this part, we were completely taken by surprise, and although not prepared to go quite so far as some of tio«e enthaaiaetio t arsons who. in the theal re last night, raid that they bad never sosa Hamlet played before," we fe il bound to state it was deoidedly, . nd beyond comparison, the best performance of that ro newhst extraordinary attractor wo ever witnessed. We inver saw Mr. Fechter in tte part, bat if bis in. tirpretation in any way resembles that of Mr. Sullivan, wo oan quite understand the excitement produced in London wben be performed it. Mr. Sullivan does not only aot be port of Haml«t; he does more, bo interprets the subtle mya eries of tbat metaphysical but tangled intellect, nf whioh the fair Ophelia atys so pertinently " Oh what a nob!« mind waa hera o'ortbrown.*' He oxpl.ius hy a look, a gesture, a mer« nod even, many .il those difficult passages in this extraordinary play whioh bave for so long puzaled commentators, not to aay general theatrical andienors. Critics may nit agree wi h sims of the'new readings whioh be introduces, nor do we with al); but these ere the mern spot« upon the san, about whioh there may be as many divided opinions as there aro spot'. One thing 'is certain, that Mr. Sullivan made a great hit last night ; bo was enthusiastic- ally applauded throughout the whole piece, and called hefnre the ourtain et the end of the, firs', second, third, and fifth aotp. Mr.Warner enaoted the part of the ghost in a moat excellent manner ; indeod, we do not -.emember ever to have, seen it played better. Mrs, diaries Poole made ber re-appearance in Sydney after aa abaenos of three years, in the part of the Qaeen. Wu really think that tbat lady might hara been introdu'od again to the Sydney publia a'ter so long an absenoe in a nnmewbat more prominent cbaraotir than that of the Queen to Hamlet. She wa', hoverer, most warmly roneived, and played the part with her usual socoesB. Tbi- Polonious of Mr, Welsh was, aa all that gentleman's impersonations are, marked by eare and painstaking ao'inr. Mr. Hope, sa Horatio, read the fart oorreotly, and played in a quiet and uoassnmiog manner. The twin oharaoterB of Bósenerantz and Gulldenstern ..were played ia the conventional melancholy style, and Mr. M'Gowan might, perhaps, improve the part of tbe first grave di.-ger by sticking a little more closely to the text; Mrs.' Hill played Ophelia vary nicely. Mr. Chap, man dolivered tba difficult apecoh of tba firBt aol or in capital style, nor mu*t we emit to ' mention Mr. 0. Vanish, whoBB few lines as the priest were read in a most exeojk-nt and impressive manner.' If email parts gene , roi ly had tho same amount of attention bestowed on taem as evidently was bestowed on this, the drama would not only be better produoed, but,, doubtless, also better pa'róniéed than, we are sorry to say, it has teen fora long tim-Vpast in Sydney. OLYMPIC THEATIIH, MAITLÍND.-The Mercury ?? of Thursday s>ys : -A portion ol tbe Ly star Onere Company lately playing in Sydtier, ooasistiag of Mdll". Rosalie Durand, M Bira, Wharton: F.' Lyster, and F. Trevor, cuva the first of twa concerts at th.) abovo the'tra on Tuesday evening Inst, on which oionsion the prioci al pieoas out of BJ ie'» oper», "Tbe Rose'of Castile," formed the Urct pqrt of an attractive programme. Tho house waB rathir thinly, but very fashionably, attended, and th) «ffartaöf the artistes were very favourably received. Somo considerable disappointment was rx. pressed at the nnr.appearanoa ot Mr. H. Squires, who was fully i'xpeotid. The engagement of that gentleman's services for the forthcoming musioal festival in Melbourne made it quito impossible for him to visit Maitland on this oocasion. Tho ssoond part of the evening* i entertain, mer.t ronciatsd of miscellaneous pieoea of a superior da* sorintion, willah wore nearly alt eooor d, and in one Ínstanos (Mr, F. Ly der) tba andienoe insisted on a third appearance. The shortness of notiae given of ?. this company's arrival here had, no doubt, a great deal to do ni1 h i he paucity of the attondanoe, and wo feel OBBurrd that tbe "n'ook" plano nsed on the oooaslon must have some efffOt lu preventing people going again. It is Wonderful how M'. Reiff mauoged to get any harmony at all out of snob a " jingling old affair." Every Ibiog was over by ton o'clock. Tho programme WOB etriotlv adhered 'o.nrd the audienre wera evidently wall please*. . Cn AME ol' PODBEHY -In referenoo to tho oase of J T. Caoaerell, a youth about fifteen yasrs of age, who wan mentioned in yesterday's paper, as having been arrested in Sydney, in consequenoe of the rep»ipt of a'telegram from Brisbane ohurglng bim with robbery, we aro re. quested hy a near relative of the boy to stale that hts arrest, tonk.place at tho instance of bis friends in Queensland, from whom be had absaonded, and that,' so j fur an is known hereat prt'Bont, no oharge of robbery bon been made «gains t him. \- WOOLLAHRA MUNICIPAL COUNCIL-A mooting of the oouaoli wue held on Tuesday, the S# li September. Present s* Tbe obalrman, Mr. Rlohard Holdsworth ; end Messrs. Trickett, Thompson, Edwards, Gollfoylp, and Thoma?.' ; The minutes of tho, previous, meeting were read and oonflrmed. The report of the improvement committae WOB brought tip by Mr. Thomas, who gave notUe of motion that the same bo adopted at the next sitting of tho counoil. À lotter was road from Mr. Anthony Hordern, in referenoo to the levels of the Yarronaboe and upper roads, Darline; Point i referred to the improvement otimraitteei Tim report of tho finance oommi'too was brought up by Mr. Thompson, rooom. mending payment of the following accounts, viz. :-Pay sheet week ending 23rd Sep ember, £37 4s. OJ,; pay sheet woek ending 30th September, £37 11B. 3 1.; Edward Dunn, oat toge, £07 ls. OJ,; sundry aeoonnts, £10 18'. 101.; total, £U7 Ids. 7d. It WBB moved hy Mr, Thora*?, ntomded by Mr. Edwards,and oarried That payment of the aooounts be antborisnd. Tho ohalrman reported the racipt of six tenders for the general survey of tho municipality. Tho oounoll took the applications into roasideratlon; but it was ultimately determined to allow the matter to stand over until the 1 next meeting, to admit of inquiry being made aa to the qualifications of the purtles tendering. The ohalrman farther reported tbe receipt of three designs and speoifl ot'ionf- for tho erodion of oounoll.oharabdrs ; tbo aonnall iospeotsd the same, bat it was determinad tbat fluni decision be withheld Until the next meeting. Tenders for the oirtogo work of tho council wore then opened. It wan moved by Mr. Trioket', steinded by Mr. Guilfoyle, and oirrlo'l- That the fonder ol Mr. Rlohard Sobóles bo ooaopted for the term of six months. Mr. Guilfoyle gove n:tloo of motion, that tho hour of meeting of the oounoll be fixed for seven o'olook p.m. after tho 14th Ootob°r.' 'She eoanoil adjourned until the 14th October, ot five o'olook p m. THE Gouxnuiw EMBEZZLEMENT 0A6B -The Gaul burn Chronicle says:-Mr. ¿airón, late accountant at tba B-nk ot NfW Sooth Wain«, waa brought before Ciptoln. Oíoste nod Mr. Turner, J.P.'a, on Satutday morning, and Mr. Windeyer applied on his behalf that the bearing ol tho oaaa.BhouId ba postponed until tho next week, in oonscquenoo of the abBrnoe of Mr. Gannon, the only other attorney in Goulburn, bocidea Mr. Walsh, that gentleman hoing engaged for tho prosecution. Mr. Walsh, in reply, stated (bot he thought the coso might go on, as the wltntssos oould be orona.examined afterwards Mr..Windeyer rrjoinedjthat tbero was a groat deal of dilLironoQ bot v, em crans-examlnlng wltnessoa ofter hoar, iog their evidence, and doing BO after only bearing it road over. The Uenah said llioy tbongbt tho application for an adjournment ought tb be granted, but, at the request of Mr. Walsh, tba evidenoe of Mr. Kershaw was brdored to bo takon. Senior sergeant Abraham K.'rshaw was thou sworn, and stated : I know tho defendant, and arrested bi n en Wednesday evening, in virtue ol a woriant signad by Mr, Voss, o magistrate of tho territory ; I told him the nature of tho obargo, and afterwards read the warrant to him ; he said nothing to the olmrgo ; ho wus arrostod at his own rosldonooin Auburn.street. Tho defendant did. not a >k sergeant Kershaw tiny questions, ord tho casa was then remanded until Friday, Bai', tho B-no'i staled, would bo allowed anon the previous day, viz , tho defendant in tho sum of £503, and two aurelio » of£300onoh. ' NAIWOW 1ÎSOAPB OS- AN Atr-THAT.IAN MlNED, IN LON" DON«-Oo Tuesday,, Jjbn Hf orv Grill, a very reppoBUblic looking mon, who utitod tUrtt bo hod jnet arrived from Australia, woo ahergod, nt tho Sontbwnrk Pi/llon-oourr, with attempting to aommlt onlaldo by jumping cIT Black- friars Bildgo, A waterman, ol tho namo ol William», Baid that on Sunday afternoon, abont threo o'olook, ho wa« rowing bia boat np tho. Timmen, whan bo BOW tho prisoner loop ofTthe pirnpot of Blackfriars Dridgf, nour tho contre nroh, and In a very doiigeronB plaoe, a* tuero woro numerous piloa and logs of wood floating noar. Fortunately for tho prisoner, bu fell oloirol them, and aa ho rosa to tba narfaaa witness on ugh t bold of hire, and with thc assistance of a passenger, got him into tho boat, Ita waa almost infeasible, and appeared to bo vory much injured. He, howovur, soon recovered, and was tnk 'n iuto custody by a polioo oooalable. It waa a mlroolo that he waa not dashed to plooos. Tho prisoner, who said bo »aa an Australian miner, and had only boon in England nevon wooka, doolared that ho had no ititenlfon of committing sniaido. Ile waa Bitting on the odge of tho bridge, In ono ol the xeoo ses, looking ut tho river, ond nerooiiing two boats coming olorg. ai ha thong't racing, ho atvstohad himself over, an-*, ofoibiluncing himself, threw himself out, to osonpo thc piles and Ibo abutments. Ha iris perfectly sober and oollootod. A ooir-ohounc-linepor horn carno forward, and having promiued tn uko caro of tbo prisoner, ho was lib.-rotod,-tloyrli U'erUly Netti, July 0, 