I A BOAT expedition up the B zambezi. B TIic Cape Monthly, published on'tlio 15th jr,y, contains a nnrrntivo of tho recent occur. Bl tenets at tlio Zambezi. An account of tlio rh'ssitudes of the Gorgon's boat expedition up the river is evidently from tho pen-of one of inO UUlWvIO Ui JJ." aiasijwovj a mtniuui, uuu »t lit B render our rcadors fully au courant with tho progress of affairs :— . . Leaving the island of Johanna on tho 15th of January, 18G2, under orders to proceed to I the Cope, wo steered for Mozambique, which I we reached on tlio 19th, nnd commenced coal- I ing and provisioning.. While so employed n I brig hove in Bight; she showed no colours, and her odd manoeuvres created the suspicion that I sho was a slaver. She, however, stood in I towards us ; she proved to bo the Hetty Ellon, I of Newport, laden with tho sections of a small I iron steamer for Dr. Livingstono, and carrying as passengers Mrs. Burrup, Miss Maokenzie, I the Rev. Mr. Hawkins, and others, who were I proceeding to join tho mission station, at Mngo- I mcro, situated on tho right bank of tlio Shire I River, near Chibisa. Tho first lady's luisband I had taken a passage for Johanna with us some I months before, and Miss Mackenzie's brotlior, I who is tho Bisliop in charge, had precodcd her I by aomo months also. Mrs. Livingstone was I likewise on board, going to join her husband I ia the Zambezi. Tho moment "we ascertained H thii, wo eont for tho ladies, etc., and cntortained tliem ns best wo could. They wera much pleased to find themselves amongst us. They bad been nearly two months pent up' in that I dirty, littlo brig. Tho account they "gnvo of I their passage from Natal mndo us pity them I Tetymuch; they had no fresh provisions, and I for tomo timo had been reduced to salt meat I and biscuits, with bad water, which ofton was I so stinking that tlioy couldnot touch it. Poor I Miss Mackenzie's quiot remarks amused me I very much when bIio iunooontly Baid, !' I I thought I liked salt meat, but I got quite tired I of it; it took the skin off tho roof of my I moutli." I On tho 22nd; wo loft for Quillimnnej I with lho brig in tow. Before leaving,- tlio I ladies landed, and wore very civilly treated I by tho Governor, who sent his' aide-do- I camp to moot tliem on landing, with sedan chairs. They wore delighted .with all. tlioy nw, and reaomblcd school girls lot out for the holidays. Beached Quillimano on tlio 26th, anchored a long way off tho shore. Tho bar I here is tho heaviest and most dangerous along tho coast ; tho sea was breaking right across it n0!' wickedly. As wo were desirous of I obtaining intolligenco of- Dr. Livingstono, Wo determined to go over, and a party was made sup of four officers besides myself in two boats. B lyhon wo left tho ship we outertainod ominous B visions of upsetting on tho bar. About an | hour after leaving the ship we began to feel g symptoms of being cloao to tho bar. Our I nerves wore soon put to'.tlie test by findin | ourselves in tlio midst of huge breakers. They I were very formidable and ugly to look at as a they camo roaring nnd breaking towards you. i a.1 I"''0. 0 "'gl't to see cnoh bont rising a alternately liigh above tho other on tho crest I ? j . w,Qve3' g' ver all right, and then 3 nafl to look into tho brandy-bottlo to kcop 3 ouriclvoB up to moot tho hippopotami. Fifteen I miles from tho-ontranco brought us to the '"»i where wo.met with overy attention from j laetiovemor and others. Hero welieard thitDr. ij wjngstono'was making his way down tho Zam- I oezi, and trying to got to tlio mouth of tho Kon- I . 0 wora to learri this, for it'sottlcd 9 ,i ' , ,'ur0 movements. I liad somo sport wltli 1 , .'ITPopotnmi. Instead of finding them I ''"P'dand clumsy,- tlioy proved quite tho con- I p ''MU active mid lorkish ; tlio huge I W0,UM aomo up snorting abovo water, I Inn gamb?1. liko young deor. Ono I struck I 3t tt "J1010 ba'> jumped clean out of tho I . Pgod in head over hcols with a I fe|Ipin„ nU,i Thy are Tory wary after I '""'tha , killed they sink at onco to I" s!!u l m aboutsix hours thoy rise and I anil ,.own "to stream, when thoy are sooured, I ,.„„ teoth« whial» are tlio most valuable I sre, 6I'm'0<L On returning to tho I h?' f-?und, tho bar more tranquil. Left I tha r , . y for, tho Kongono. Wbon off wived "l?Uth of the Zambezi, wo per- jroved mT Ti'te??r insido tho bnr ' 8,10 Cantata m ' LmnB3'ono's, the Pionoor. hm - 7 a,oa oommunioatod that ovening,- craw fn i bis lif0'and "'Ot of the I over mi 9-ne'? WM awamped In going littlo' ate S rn Cam0 0ut w'"t his hannv .®r fllowing morning, whon a bu en1'"® t0v?k Pll0o between hhnself and itaf. ST' Dr. Livingstono, Mrs. Livinc- Kirk 'm ini 0 membcra— consisting of 2"'; ond Charles Livingstono- of Rishnn Vr t " Sm "lorn wo heard ran Ji 7i P Moakenzio and- his party. They havimv 1 i 88 m ra"ier an awkward position, ttev had rWS "'a natives roundabout waf itym ?omo fighting. Livingsloni Eethfl « anxious Bot his steamer put to- ! llweUonTu9 PO88ibl0' and get her up to tho ! «onseauoncf«M before the nvor subsided. In for n 'op.'eoentfjtions and request assiataneo, Wilson made up his conduct th! -- holp end also to a nirt nfTn party to t.hoir dc8"nation to them a li i CUr iJ Baid t0 bo h08til0 was told ntr y n fifty men and officers month t 5 -ntm0d 8nd Provioionod for a opportunity nf Vlls 8nd wo8 lIel'8l'ted at tho When aU w«/ ® vn8 0 PceP tho interior. 5'onoar nndcn.reu yA ombarkod in tho G»nothouth w?tb x .Zambezi 0' "io Kon- mouth, withthe in tow, mdai chotcda littlo way insido; remained there six days unloading tho brig of tlio steamer's sections and tlio mission goods. Tho sections of tho Lady Nyassa, which is to bo tho steamer's name, wore put into tho Pioneer. Thoy took up overy ntom of space, nnd reached half way up the musts, which immersed the vessel so much, that sho was hardly nblo to steam when required. Wo put all tho mission goods undor ton ts before leaving ; but n quantity had to bo cuposcd of to prevent entire loss. Onco laden with as much as it was safe to cram in, wo alartod with our two paddle-box boats in tow to try and roaoli tho Falls. On our. way passed nnd stopped nt sovcral villages to pur- o.mso fowls and such things. The nn'ives came down in crowds to tho bnnks, and saluted us as wo passod by— clapping tlioir hands together throe limes, producing u hollow sound which I in vain tried to imitnto ; they wore more civil than most others I had fallen in with. Money in this part of the world is of no vnluo ; tho current coin is cotton cloth, which is more prized. It takes somo timotomako ono s self acquainted with its vnluo ; all i3 barter. A fowl is given for about eight inches, a goat for six feet, eggs about six inches a dozen, and so on. I found it vory amusing work, and often, for tlio mcro fun, would squabble a few minutes for on increase of about tlio oightli of an inch in tho measurement, A fathom they mcosnred by stretching tho arms. At ono placo I was done, for they brought uown n man with tho longest arms I ever saw, and would only birter by his standard ; he Btrotclicd nearly half a yard more than I could. I was obliged to givo in. Tho river is very shallow in many parts, with strong current ; this rondors tho naviga tion very difficult : wo struck several times. Onco n pipe burst in tho engine-room, which soon filled every part of tho ship with steam. Stokers went down to try nnd repair damages, and had to bo pumped on continually with cold water ; no ono could stay down more than a minute .at a time. When repaired, on wo went, making but littlo progress against the strong current. At Inst our coals were oxpondod. Wo wore not more than ninety miles up. _Wood was so scarce along tho banks that it was' impossible to procure more than sufficed fop an hour or trro consuuip» tion. I, therefore, volunteered to push ahoad in n whnlq-boat, and get natives to cut down wood some miles up nnd send it down in canoes. I accordingly started with Dr. Kirk, of tho l'ionoer. After much, labour, wo readied a placo celled Mazarro, where a half caste Portuguese resides named Paul Mariano. I walked up to his liouso from tlio lnnding- place ; the heat was so intense whilo passing through tlio long grass that it was nil I could do to keep from fainting. Whon I reached tho houso I saved myself by pouring cold water on my head. He gnvo ns a honrty wcloome, and furnished my boat's crow with provisions. : From this I wont on to Mozzsro, a little further up, nnd was met by tlio owner and only resident, except slaves, a Signor Vienna, a Portuguese. Here I got wood nnd sont it down to tho ship. I had an opportunity of witnessing a bona fide nativo danco at tha next placo I stopped nt. About n hundred natives wore collected together, standing or Bitting in a eomicirole, nbout a dozon boating tom-toms, some playing on a kind of clarionet which sent forth a sound much liko the bag pipes, others clapping their hands and singing, whilo up would start a couplo of men dressed in wild beast skins and overy dovico that oould mnko thorn hideous. -These would go through extraordinary manoeuvres ; others would imitate an engagement with bows nnd arrows, advancing, retreating, and dodging imaginary implements thrown nt them.- Thoy would-no'w and then rush up to us most fiercely, nnd try- and make us start or show some Bymptoms of snrpriso oi fear, but wo wore . not. .to bo ' bam-- boozlcd. Whilo this was . going . on, n tiger coma out of the jungle close to us, and walked off with a good largo pig. Tho row poor porco made, mado ono inclined to rush to his rescue ; but it was too dark to afford him assistance, so he had to bo loft to his fate. I went on from this to_ Chupango, about ton miles off. After collecting wood enough to bring tho ship up so far, I retraced my stops, but had not Rno more than -fifteen miles, whon'I met tho gig, containing Oaptnin Wilson, Dr. Bam- say, Mrs.- Burrup, and Miss Mackenzie. "Como along, old fellow," shouted Captain .Wilson, "I'm 'off to tho mission station with the ladies ; the Pioneer can't get nny furthor. I hatto ten days' provision for both boats. I am told we shall reach it in four." I doubted very much, and I w03 right, as the sequel will show. I turned my boat's head round and .followed. Our first 'night was' spont in the boats ; tho ladies looked pretty fresh the next morning. I had forebodings of discomfort, for nbno of my crow had_ a clmngo of clothing. I had but another shirt ond trousors. - But. there was nothing for it but to put on a good face, and take things as oasy as they came. Wo got up early tho noxt'day to Cliupnnga, whoro wo landed, and pitched n tent under the shado of somo mango trees, madebreakfast, and pre pared to- enjoy a Biesta preparatory to making a. fresh start, when wo were visited by a Kafir chief, accompanied by about twenty of his followers. Thoy wore a wild looking sot of follows, woaring skins round thoir loins, nnd feather ornaments on their bonds bosidos gewgaws, each carried tho woll-known assegai and knob-korrio. They seated them selves at onco opposito to ub in n somi-circle, and appeared much nmusodit our civilization. Miss Mackenzie spoke a littlo Zulu, so that wo got on very well with them. Thoy woro shown many things of European manufacture, such ns watches, glasses, compasses, etc., which thoy wondered at;, but nothing caused them so muoh astonishment as tho ladies' hair. Seeing them scrutinising it vory closely, but not intrusively, wo got ono of tho ladies to let hor hair down for their inspection, whon tlioy at onco sot up a whoop and kept calling out haw 1 liaw 1 Wo tested their skill in throwing their spears by fixing up n piece of moat against a trco. I was much disappointod with their practico ; it was anything but what I oxpcctod. Though only twenty or thirty yards off, not ono of them could hit it ; tho headman wont tho nearest, and was awarded tho mutton. Wo tied pieces of ribbon round tlioir necks and arms, which pleased them exceedingly, and off they imafched in singlo filo headed by tlioir chief, who had been garnished with ono of our waistcoats. They are q fino sot of follows, much superior to tho; natives around thorn, whom they keep in good ordor. They lay claim to the land on their sido of tlio rivor, and levy rather a heavy tribute from tho natives and others who reside there, never failing to oomo in for tlioir " littlo bills" tho moment tlioy nre duo. If tho tribute bo not forthcoming, thoy do not liesi- tato to walk off with fowls, catllo, or anything olso thoy can lay their hands on, nnd not un- frequently kidnap tho people thomsolvcs. Thoy stand vory little nonsense. Tho snmo afternoon wo left this place nnd pushed for tho Sliirc, a river branching off fnra tho Zambezi about one hundred nnd twenty to ono hundred and thirty miles from its moutli. Wo had great work td steer against tho current ; a heavy squall of wind and rain holpod us up, and wet us through for the night. Hero commenced " tho winter of our discontent," — all hands soaking ; consequently a most uncomfortable night was passed. No amount of pipes could alter tho aspect of affairs. To tho male pdrt it raattored littlo, — wo woro all .pretty well seasoned. But tho ladios woro by no means to be enviod. Notwithstanding, daylight found them cheerful ; thoy were bo ginning to get used to tlio hard boards of tho boat. I managed to shoot somo fine black geese and a splendid fish eagle, measuring seven feat from tip to tip of wings, of a black and white body, and chocolate coloured under tho wings. This was tho first of tho kind I had over Been. Hsd I had tho means I would have preserved it. Beforo us marshes extended for nearly thirty miles, covering tho ontiro flat space between the high hill of Morambala and tho opposito mountains which soparato the Shiro from tho Zambesi. Tho sconory, wliioli had hitherto' boon tamo and uninteresting, became from this vorv fine. Tho wholo feature of.the' country was altored. Somo fine moun tain I saw, having perfectly perpendicular faces' of two and , three tliousnnd feet deep. Une night wo took n wrong passage and found ourselves m tlio cul do sao of a largo lagoon. Alter fruitless attompts in tho dark to extricate ourselves, wo anchored, whoro wo fiattcred ourselves tlio mosquitos would not molest us, but wo lmd not boon there vory long whon tlioy swarmed off in myriads. I never saw anything liko it. You plastered tliem oil your luce overy timo you put your hands up, which was every moment, nnd caught them by hand le , r mon wcro nearly driven mad, and Buffered tortures. We had great difficulty to prevent them jumping overboard. Sleep was , i a y P11' pl.'lie question ; thoir noiso resem- olea fifty hives of bees lot looso in a closo room, "hen daylight broko and tlioy loft us, every one was liko a plum pudding in tho face. Mrs. Burrup wns hardly reoognisnblo. I suffered least of nil. All along theso marshes no natives were to bo scon, nnd it wns not till we cleared Ihcm that villages camo gradually in sight. It wns a hard job to got tlio natives down, for fhey wore tho most timid rnco I had yet scon. They woro vory shy, and ran away as tlio boats touched tho banks. It wns only after hang ing on for a whilo and showing ourselves that thoy would vonturo near. They tlion npproncliod by pairs till a number collected, armed with bows nnd nrrows, spears, and kniveB ; they wcro a fino rnco and quito dan dies with regard to their hair ; every ono'liad his own fashion, tying it up in small lfnota aU over, bringing it up liko n cock's comb, plaiting in grass and trasli of all sorts. Tho various modes would be too numerous to onumornto. Tlio women adopt tho ugly practico of splitting the upper lip and inserting a pioco of bone, ivory, or motal, sometimes ns largo round ns a penny, and extending tho lip for two or thrco inches nt right angles to the mouth — a most unbecoming ornament, which quito disfigures Borne that might otherwise bo called good- looking. Wo had to endure tho torment of another mosquito worry. That and tlio long confine ment; in tlio boat began to tell vory much on Miss Mackenzie, who has been a long whilo an invalid. Sho became so weak that I do- spnincd of her reaching tho journey's end. On tho 21th wo mnnag A to roach tho junction of tho Boa River, where wo were led to believe wo should moot both the Bishop and Mr. Burrup ready to receive tho ladies ; it was their inten- lion to bo there in January. Wo could hear nothing of tliem— all the questioning of tlio natives was useless j tlioy pretended tlmt nowhilo men lmd been there, and ignored all knowledgo of the cxistcnco of tho mission station, though only sixty miles off. This was most dishearten ing to us, for we had taken twelve dnys instead of four to reach this placo. Wo were out of ovorything — aU our stores were exhausted, nnd nothing procurable but fowls nnd cnlavnnccs. Not meeting theso people, the difficulty of feeding both boats, and the knowledge that tho Gorgon had barely one week's provisions on board, even at half allowance, induced. Captain Wilson to order mo back to collect all tho provisions I could, wliilo ho pushed up tlio remaining forty miles to deposit tin ladies at Ohibisa, nnd communi cate across the country with tho station. I accordingly wont nbout on tho 29th, lonving him with a boat's crow much done up. I had nqt been long nndor woigh when first ono, then another, of my crow fell sick, till nil followed suit, and the noxt morning found only tho sergeant of marines and myself fit for duty ; all the rest were down in tho bottom of the boat with fovor. To him nlono I hud te trust to help mo ono hundred and fifty milos down tho rivor. Hero wns a pretty go, and ratlior a gloomy prospect, become I expected onr turn to como next. I had to norvo myself, and go on, or starve.' Wo took nn oar each nnd tugged away choerily all day ; our strength would not admit of night work, sj that I had to anchor overy night. We had much difficulty in keeping the boat clear of the banks and reeds, spite of nil our pulling — tlio eddies were so strong. All my men woro in n sad stato with fever and dysentery ; myquinino was exponded, and not n single atom of anything in the sliapo of comforts or stimulants lind I to givo tliem for somo days ; our tea, coffee, sugar, spirits, and rico hud boon used up ; wo had nothing to depend on for breakfast, dinner, and Buppcr but chickens, and tho water thoy were boiled in, unseasoned by even an onion. I was heartily sick of it. It was vory hard to hear thorn all gronning day nnd night, and unable to reliovo thorn in tha slightest. At last I got to tho entranco of the river nnd landed nt_a.small Portuguese station, where nn officor nnd nbout twenty men are stationed. Ho treated mo civilly, und produced n bottlo of shorry and somo biscuits, botli of which I punished more severely than lie anticipated, for I folt very weak and dono-up, trembling nil over as I put my foot on shore for the first tiaie for three weeks, Tho fare did mo a world of good, and I bid him good-byo quito renovated. The day after I loll in with tho Pioncor, hard and' fast on a sandbank! I was very thankful, nnd received a hearty weleomo from Dr. Livingstono nnd all on board ; had my men attended to, and only just in timo to save one of them ; then pitched into a more hearty breakfast ,than I had enjoyed for some ino. Onco tho excitement and cara off my shoulders, my turn came, and the fever knocked mo dow.i. Thanks to tho exertions of 'my kind friends, tlio Modicocs, and tho unre mitting attention of all on board, I was all right again in four or fivojdays. Tho fever doos not last vary long, and is pretty readily cared if taken in time; but is sharp and penetrating wliilo it oxists. I continued very weak somo time after. As soon aB I felt myscll able, I left my invalids on board, and took a canoe down tho river, to a placo where I know I could get provisions for the ship. Tlio gig returned on tlio 15th, bringing the ladios back, and the melancholy intelligence of tho death of both the Bishop and'Mr. Burrup (tho brother and husband). Tbo state of these unfortunate women can be more readily imagined than described. It reads liko a tragedy to mo ; those woro the only two who had any relatives going jo join them in their new homes, and thoy were tho only two out off, tlio strongest and healthiest of tho lot. The death of tho bishop was known to those natives wo questioned at the Buo, but tlioy were afraid to toll us. Tho night we stayed there wo anchored, as usual, iu mid-stream, which brought us to within ono hundred yards of where tho poor bishop actually lay buried. It was well his sister did- not know it thori. After leaving me, Captain Wilson went on to Chibisa, about seven miles bolow tlio Murehison Falls, and tlio nearest spot to the mission stntion. There ho left the ladies in charge of the doctor, and tried to got overland with Dr. Kirk, of tho Pioneer, and four men, but when within two days' march of tho piaco ho wo3 attacked with fevor, which nearly earriod him off. Ho was so far gone tlmt Dr. Kirk was looking out for n placo to bury him in. Kirk himself went down also, and both had to bo taken back to Chibisa ; n messongorwonton to thostation andsomoof the gentlomon came down. Thoy reported that the Bishop and Burrup had ,'gono to the Eua in Janunry, ond that on their way their canoe was upset, when they lost all thoir medicinos, clothes, etc. They had to remain all night in their wet clothes, which brought on fovor. Tho Bishop diod,j and was buried in n cane brake under a large trco by Burrup, when tlio latter returned vory ill, and had to bo carried across country. Four dnys after ho died also. Tlio blow is a sad ono to theso poor womon, who had gone through so muoh to got to thorn. All their hopes nnd gaiety thoy had been supported by, dashed at onco to the ground 1 Such a trying disappointment was hard, indeed, to bonr ; and not ono of us but lmd a tear in' the cyo as wil ockid upon them in their distress. The Zambezi, so far is vory tame ; nothing but banks of long rank grass, with hero nnd there a solitary palm rising its head like a ghost ; but the Shiro is very different, with good sconery all through. Wo found tho marshes fall of olapliants nnd hippopotami. Many shots wore fired, and Borne legs of tho formor brokon, but owing to tbo nature of tho ground arid onr limited timo they could not be fol lowed. In somo parts of the rivor the hippo potami ara very dangerous, and ofton enpsizo large canoes.' I was one nigltt chased by a hugo bull j he came roaring .after uo.' For tunately, I had a fino breeze and went too fast : tho gig was coming up after mo; ho mado for her, divod with tbo intention of rising under her end smashing hor with his foot ns is the playful cus tom of tlioso gentlomen,but sho was going along too fast nnd ho roso about Bix foot astern of hor. I was fortunate with water-buck, and knocked over nearly a dozen. I was astonished at lho tennoity of life in theso animals ; I havo seen n buck walk off after I had struck him in tho shouldor with a Jacob's shell ; I saw it burst insido of him, — tho eariio with another, and the smoke issuing out of him by puffs as ho bolted awny liko a locomotive engine. Wo now mado our way down tlio Zambezi, all most anxious to get on board tlio old Gorgon once' more. T.io Pioneer had dis charged tho Lndy Nyassa, as sho could go no further, so that wo wont down in hor. To our surprise, on reaching tlio Kongono mouth found ono of our boats there, and that tho ship had been obliged to put out to sen in a heavy gale. From day to day wo watched most anxiously for hor return. Three weeks elapsod and at last bIio showed herself; there was a cry of joy from all ; wo wero ill and literally done up. Lost little timo in re joining he-, and found sho had been in n hur ricane nnd had suffered considerable damage. Sho l)nd run so short of provisions during our nbsenco that tho men woro on leas than hal" nllowanco of everything. Fover set in amongst them ; tho medicines wcro ell expended ; many bocamo delirious. At times those who remained snna kept calling out for modicino, quinine, anything to relievo tliem ; but sho was run out of everything. Tho assistant surgeon wns drivon to his wits' ends, and by way of purgatives, was having roeourse to salt water, of which thoro was plonty alongside. Whilo waiting for tlio ship, a coasting vessel anchored outsido the bar. Wo dcspatolied on officer to board her, thinking sho might bo a slaver. On returning, his boat was upset on tho bar. No ono was lost, but all hands were in tlio bottom of tlio boat for thrco hours, cxposod to a scorching sun, with no clothe3 on. This sums up a olinp'cr of contretemps which I havo no wish to soo repeated. Wo are now returning to tho Cape, where tlio cold weather nt this season will recruit us. I have suffered as much as anyone, if not mora ; my arm has beon in a sling for a month — my legs should bo thoro also ; but tlioy nro getting well ngain, though I am now writing with ono on a chair. I am ablo to write, at all ovcnls, which is a good thing, though my fingor will bo n stiff ono for some time. 