TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOUR. An Irishman knows how to mull everything, except alaret. Pantaloons obtained on credit are breeches of trust. In punctuating manuscripts, is it necessary to coionise tbemr If you buy a second-hand pair of boots, they am always re-sold. If a- henpecked husband is not clever, lie is tit least shrewd. If fbe doctor orders baric, has not the patient a perfect right to growl? A fly in a man's butter is decidedly the most un pleasant of all butterflies. A "downcast?* batcher advertises for an assistant "who can make both ends meat." "The Bishop of '/'Sydney Smith once said "isso like Judas, that I now firmly belters in the Apostolical succession." A crusty old bachelor say? that Adam's wife was called Eve because, when she appeared, man's day of happiness was drawing to a close. Miss Adelaide Kemble recommended an artist as strong enough for any part, as he had twice carried her in bis arms without any signs of breaking down. v Is Mir. Brown a man of means ?" enquired & lady visitor of Aunt Betsy. "Yes, I should think he was," replied Aunt Betsy, as everybody says he's the meanest man in town." ? My bruddere," eaid a waggish darkey to a crowd, "in all affliction, in all ob your troubles, 4ar is one place you can always find sympathy."—"Whar? whar?" shouted several of his auditors. "In de dictaonarv!" he replied, rolling bis eyes skyward. "PoorHans!" wrote a German to a friend who had been inquiring after his son, "he bit himself mit a rattlesnake, and vas sick into his bed for weeks in temonth of August; and all his cay was ? Vateri vater! 1 And conld'nt eat nottin at all till he com plained of being a leetie better co he could ehtand np on his elbow and eat a cup o' tea." Liberal.—The 1,000 New York Zouaves, 700 th battalion, hare a good story about a drunken captain of theirs, who met a private of his regiment in the same condition. The captain ordered him to halt, and endeavoring in vain to assume a firm position on his .feet, and talk with dignified severity, ex claimed—? Private Smith, m give youf 1 four o'clock to gissober in!" "Cap'n," replied the soldier, "as you're (hie) a sight dninkerniam, Fll give youtfl fiver'clock to gissober in!" Ajuxkbb Rkpobuhg.—The following exquisitely precise report may possibly convey to others intelli gence which our obtuseness will not enable us to comprehend. It may—we cannot hope it will; but, at any rate, it will be no breach of confidence to comply with the request of the writer and give it the publicity of our columns:—" A Most Murderous attack on a Esther by his son and eon-in-law they fell upon him and nock him down like a butcher nocking a bulluk down and jumping upon turn with their nees and feet like tow brats of fellows and then with a thick wakhng-stick for five minutes and left him for dead two brutes of fellows—l hope they wOl be to brought Justice and where where was the doctor." Who the father may be, who the eon, or who the son-in-law are mysteries that will probably, so far as the Mercury is concerned, remain unravelled to the end of time.— Earttepool Mercwry. A New Dish.—A gentleman, whose knowledge of the French was limited to a few words, and who was ignorant of the meaning of those, called in at one of the French restaurants a few days since for bis dinner. "Vat Till you have, care?" said the attentive French waiter. "FU take some of that—that—what do you call it? same as I had yesterday—some French dish or other."—"l do not recollect, care, vat you did have day before dis."—"Oh, some fried dish—Jet's see, a fried file de chambre—l believe thafc what they call it." The poor waiter shrugged his shoulders, and put on a look of perfect astonishment when his customer called for a filed chambermaid. Twa Languages.—As the train from England the other day stopped at Dumfries station, a sturdy Nithsdale yeoman entered one of the carriages, and, shortly afterwards, thus addressed himself to an English lady:—"Thit a verra eauntersum set here about this etsahnn." English lady—"Sir?" Yeoman —" I'm eayin* thir a verra feiigl?ainn core herea wa, gespedally on tite Saturday nichts." English lady— "Sir, I really don't know what you are saying." Yeoman—" I am saying the train is very late, mem." English lady—" O yes, sir, indeed! very; indeed it is." Old yeoman (with a chuckle—" Ye see, mem, us Scotch folk talk two languages, an' gif ye dinna understan' the ane, yur ehnre to understan' the ither." — Kilmarnock Post. Fencing wish an Advocate.—Recently a farmer called a witness to prove the bad character of Enoch Jones, his near neighbor. " Well," said the counsel, " what do you know of Jones, the plaintiff? Does he bear a good character?" "We don't like him too much in our neighborhood." "We don't suppose you did; but would you trust him or believe him under oath?" "Hie might tell the truth if it was for his interest" "Do you think Jones an honest man?" "I never gave him a chance to steal any thing from me." "But do you think Jones would steal if he had an opportunity?" "Well, I can't say positive; bnt I should rather not try him." "Perhaps not; but am I to understand that you have such a poor opinion of Jones's honesty that you would be afraid to leave anything where he could steal it if he were so inclined?" " No, I shouldn't be afraid if I watched it!" Evidence about a Chudtet.—A claim having been made at the Marlborough- street Police Office, for a reward on account of the detection of a brewery chimney on fire, it was resisted on the ground that the flue, which was about 80 feet high, was co con structed and managed that it could not take fire. A witness on this side, who gave the (unnecessary) in formation that he was a chimneysweep, set forth his evidence in the following terms:—"This here man (pointing to the patrol) has told a fake affidavit, your Worship. Iknow?thatherechimley fromahmfent, and she knows my own foot as well as my own mother. The ways I goes up her is this I goes in all round the boiler, then I twists in the chimley like the smoke, and then up I goes with the wind, for, your Worship, there's a wind in her that would blow you out like a feather, if you didn't know her as well self, because there isn't a brick in her that doesn't know my foot. So that you see, your Wortship, no soot or black? is ever in her ; the wind won't let 'em stop ; and besides they knows that I go up her regu lar. So that she always keeps herself as clean as a new pin. I'll be bound the sides of her is as dean this minute as I am (not saying much for the chimney) ; therefore, your Wortehin, that ere man as saw two yards of fire coining out of her, did not - see no such thing, I say; and he has told your Wort ship, and these here gentlemen present, a false affi davit, I say. I was brought np in that chimley, your Wortship, and I can't abear to hear each things said—lies of her; and that's all as I knows at pre sent, please your Wortship.' A Pbosb Poem.—Once upon a midnight stormy, alone bachelor attorney pondered many a curious volume to his heart's forgotten lore ; while he nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, as if some one gently rapping—rapping at his chamber door. "'Tis the spirits!" and he started, "rapping at my chamber door. Oh, for help! I'm frightened sore ! Then into this chamber flitting not even one permitting to fly into the closet or get behind the door, came the ghosts of fond hearts broken (with many a ring and other token), and they sat them down beside him, on the dusty, book strewn floor—sat amidst Che volumes of most venerable lore. Quoth the lawyer "What a bore." "It must be something serious; this certainly my?terious, quite an advent of the spirits—resurrection con amore. But I under atand them mostly!"—here there came a rap so ghostly, that he could not more dissemble as he had done heretofore, and his face grew pale and paler as he started for the door—down he fell upon the floor. Then there came a clatter, clatter, and his teeth be gan to chatter, as the spirits gathered round him, and accused him very core; how with gladsome face all smiling, and with winning words beguiling, he had charmed away the senses of fair maidens by the score; and each lass had fondly fancied 'twas her he did adore. Quoth the lawyer, " never more!" Startled at the stillness broken by reply co aptly spoken, for the answer, strange enough, quite a relevancy bore; they then began a noisy rapping— sort of spiritual clapping, which the lawyer thought could be but a fashionable encore—and again, as if his soul in that word he would outpour, did ha groan out, " Never more!" Presently his soul grew strongerj hesitating then no longer—"Oh, oh!" said he, "sweet spirits, your forgiveness I implore on my knees to every ghostess, who to love has played the hostess, I will promise to recant the many fjuthleas things I swore! Will you promise then to leave me?" here he pointed to the door. Ripped the spirits," Never more!" "Be that word our sign of parting," said the hapless wight upstart ing; "hie ye hence into the darkness, seek ye out some distant shore. In the noisy camp or forum, in the lonely tone *?irfor*m-?uch ghastly, grim, un gainly guests were never seen before. lieave my lone liness unbroken;" here he opened wide the door. Sapped the spirits, ? Never more!" So these vixen spinte of evil—spirits etfll—though most uncivil— they will never leave the lawyer, though in tears he may implore. At his false heart they are tapping, they are rapping they are rapping, and he wbhet oh, how vainly! that his haunted life were o'er; and he often ?gl?-? Oh, could I but recal the days of yore, I would flirtr-Oh, never more!"— America* Coiner. pSw^ foregoing is an admirablo parody on Potfg wonderful poem ? The Eaven."j 