TUB DIVISION OF THE COLONY. TO THE EDITOR. 01' TllE AGE. Sin, — I am one of those who, on a first glance at Commissioner Duffy's address 011 the proposed Land Bill, thought the wise man had come. But looking the wonderful document in the face, it appears to me one of the greatest impositions ever attempted by a man who, in former days, set himself up for a defender of the rights of a people ; and I know none more likely than his own coun trymen to suffer disappointment, should the Land Bill be carried in its present form. What are its main objects ? Why, to circumscribe the colony, and secure the squatters all they ever wanted. Is there a disinterested man in the colony who can imagine that its future welfare would be impaired by the abolition of the squatters' rights altogether? If so, there must be an obliquity in his brain. Would he not open his eyes with amazement, was it proposed to 'give an entire monopoly to 900 farmers ? If universal rights are good in one sense, they must be so in another. Why not tho people have an equal privilege to occupy and enjoy the benefit of the Crown lands? They have declared they want them. 'Tis enough; they ought to have the opportunity. No wonder at Mr Haines playing second fiddle, and the ghost of a Nicholson beating up the rear. This question affects tho future generations. Com promise, indeed! well might a man possessing 310,000 acres at £60 per annum talk of compro mise. What right have the Queen's subjects to compromise here or at home ! I know, Sir, what your fellow-journalists would say — Wiiy, what will become of the stock — where will you get your wool, hides, and tallow ? My answer iB, the same way as heretofore, less the squatters. .Is the prosperity of a colony, the capability of which is not easily brought in contemplation, to be re strained for the sole good of a few greedy Crown tenants ? Let tlie squatters keep out of Parlia ment, and then all that could be said is — These men have good bargains, and desire to retain them. I -will now proceed to give an idea how I think the difficulty could be removed. 'Let the whole unsold country lands be di vided into counties, within a certain distance of any township. ' Lit a grazing surveyor, or ranger, beappointed to each district, whose duty it would be to de termine the capability of the grasses — with proper restrictions, and registration of the stockholders' brands. ' Let the cattle or sheep run, at por 1000, or per head, ud to a certain number for each holder, giving the present stock the preference. ' Give the stockholder the right to a sufficient number of acres in fee, at £1 per acre for a stock yard or stockowners' rendezvous. ' Then let ony parties select for residence and cultivation from 10 to 640 acres, on the terms pro posed by the bill. This right to extend over the entire unsold country lands, with due regard to roads and river frontage. ' Cultivation of a tithe of which lan'', and pay ment, being the only title to the fee simple. ' The stockholders' cattle and Bheep giving way to the settlers, who Bhould hive a right to run cattle or sheep in proportion to the number of acres so taken up. ' Repeal the Impounding Act ; and any settler who desired to take up an allotment could apply at the District Survey or Ranger's Office, and there register a claim to settle on a given piece of land on payment of a fee, say 2s Gd per acre for 6 months, returnable 011 actual settlement. ' Give power to the Executive to retain reserves for public accommodation, such aa reservoirs, & c., &e.;' By giving freedom to settlement I see no injus tice to the squatter. Their stock would be still on the land, and from whom could the settler buy but from him ? I have known families to arrive in this colony with all the appurtenant requisites for settlement, obliged to go to the diggings, a month being a consideration with them. If something like honesty was displaying its pleasant influ ence towards the intended settlers, then would the slopes of Victoria's broad landB be peopled. Then would we see the happy home stead ; then would manufactures and arts flourish. History tells us it is bo with other nations, and why net with us ? It may bo very well for Mr Ireland to deliver his flippant speeches in Parliament on ignorance and the gallows ; I wonder what he can say on intelli gent vice. They may work their oracle, i they can. But the canker-worm is at work ; the snake is coiled ; discontent slumbers. Have a care, ye monopolists, lest they awake and destroy you at a blow. I feel these few remarks a duty to my fellow colonists ; trusting, at tho same time, I have not trespassed too much on your valuable space, — I am, Mr Editor, your obedient servant, POLYDIUS. Footscray, 3rd February, 1862. Albion Gold Mining Comjan*. — A meeting: of the shareholders of the Albion Gold Mining Company, was held at their office on the claim, ot Sebastopol, on Saturday last, to take into con sideration the measures to bo adopted for remov ing the water which burst into the drive and filled us iiui w 'Wednesday night last, 'i here is about 40 feet of water in the shaft at present. It was decided to place iron pipes of 14 in.^iameter in the works, and to procure a new engine in ad dition to the one now in operation. The company expect shortly te be in a position to cope with the enemy, but it is estimated that the expense will amount to £2500 before they will be in the Bame position aa they held previous to this untoward accident. It is peculiarly unfortunate that the water should fyaye burst in upon tho workB at tho present time,, as the company's prospects were very encouraging, and they expected very shortly to have 'declared a handsome dividend. — Ballaarat Tritom*, 3rd February. 