THE HIGH PRIEST OF SPIRIT RAPPERS Perhaps it has not occurred to many of our readers to ask themselves, what is their posi tion " on the spiritual plane ? " Mr. William Howitt has just forced the inquiry upon us, and we are sure that many of our readers will share with us the anxiety with which we perceived that we had hitherto neglected the problem. The " spiritual plane," as far as we understand it, is an inclined plane which has its base at the point where no value whatever is attached to "mediumistic" truths, and its apex among the clouds of transcendental spiritualism. But here again we must define: — "Mediumistic" truths are, according to the great hero of spirtualism, Mr. Harris — who resembles the great Mrs. Harris, in being a " medium" for the intellect of another, but not in the force and vividness of the thoughts conveyed through that medium — truths conveyed by disembodied spirits through an embodied spirit with the help of a table, an alphabet, and, apparently, spiritual knuckles. The question has been brought before; us afresh by the perusal of a volume which has just been edited by a gentleman of a highly transcental turn, called " Sceptic,"* from the pages of the Morning Star and Dial. It is the custom of our sagacious contemporary, at that period of the autumn when the prorogation of Parliament forcibly suggests to the newspaper press disparaging reflections on its own incessant periodicity, to open its columns to the discussion of the phe- nomena of the newest phase of what "Sceptic", calls " credenciveness," and other people cre- dulity. During tho two last autumns the correspondence on tabular demeanour, spirit- hands, and the rest of it, has been actively carried on in the pages of our contemporary, and it is this which " Sceptic " has kindly edited and accompanied with a commentary, not elucidative, of his own. We have read it and Mr. Dale Owen's similar work with care, anxious to discover the secret why respectable and worthy individuals like Mr. William Howitt and others look down with such pro found pity on all who occupy what they call a low position, or no position at all, on the " spiritual plane;" — wherein they think that their own advantage consists over those who, trusting in God and Christ, the immortality of man, and the divine inspiration, are willing to wait for another world for that fuller inter course with the dead which our normal facili ties here refuse us. Mr. Howitt, indeed, appa rently regards it as a kind of heathenism, at least as bad as the omission of domestic prayers, not to form family circles when the tea-things are removed for communication with such spirits us are willing to telegraph messages through a medium and an alphabet. "There are thou sands of families," he says, "who in their own quiet circles, and in a spirit of reverence and thank fulness, are sitting down in the evening to their table as to a family altar, and there learning daily that the oracles of God which have in all ages spoken to the patriarchs, the apostles, the prophets, the fathers, the saints, have no more ceased than the sun to shine and the earth to yield its harvests. For my own part, spiritu- alism has been to me, to my whole family, and to a wide circle of relations and friends, through which it has radiated, the most sub stantial blessing of existence." He warns us, indeed, very solemnly, that these "substantial blessings" are, apt to be alloyed by correspond ing dangers. " I solemnly warn them of the [footnote starts] * An Exposition of Spiritualism [footnote ends] dangers as well as of the benefits. Whoever expucts to walk through London and not to be elbowed by thieves and prostitutes, is just as simple and no more so than the man who expects to traverse the spirit-thronged high- ways of pneumatology without, like Bunyan's Pilgrim, encountering Apollyon and his snares." It scarcely needed Mr. Howitt to tell us this ; but surely the highways of London would not be so dangerous as they are if they were not also very obviously spirit-thronged, — if they were only body-thronged. And as for the disembodied spirits who throng table-legs and play on the harmonium (why do they so neglect the piano?) they do not seem to us, as far as Mr. Dale Owen's stories, and those of the believing correspondents of the Star and Dial go, to be more than exceedingly empty- minded Calibans. Mr. Howitt is really acting unfairly by those whom he condemns in not pointing out some of the higher spiritual advantages, which he has received by this peculiar method. He enumerates some of them, but they do not strike us as remunerative. Ho has seen a pencil stand up of itself and write on paper, he says ; but lie does not say what the writing was, whether it was a Mene Meue Tekel Upharsin, or such a communication as the following, which one of the gentlemen re cords: — " Mortal Questioner. "Will you tell me Mr. B.'s age? etc. " Spirit Answer. Somebody has lost a black dog. " Q. Who ? " A. Find out. [Adding] I will give you sutch a poak." Nor can we say, in spite of Mr. Howitt, that the malevolent disembodied spirits seem quite so dangerous as those other embodied evil spirits to which he refers. The most pro foundly evil spirit of which we can find any record is the following, who obviously com bined malicious views with a strong desire to hasten the process by which the English language may eventually lose its digamma:— " Q. Do you know Rev. Mr. M. ? "A. Yes, I know him very well. ; " Q. Is he married ? "A. No. [We knew this to be false.] " Q. Are you sure of that ? 11 A. Yes, Wolf-dog. " It [the table] then commenced rolling about in the manner which your other corres pondents have described, and it was some time before we could resume the conversation. We then asked : — "Q. By what agency do you tell us these things? "Dewil. " The answer was several times repeated. No cross-examination could induce it to alter the middle letter." Mr. Howitt would, of course, say with us, that these inspirations come from a very uninstruc- tive, not to say degraded, order of spirits. But when we press him to show us the advantages of his higher position on "the spiritual plane," he answers, like all his friends, in vague gene ralities; talks of mediated poetry, which is dreadfully inferior to the terrestrial product, so far as our experience goes; mediated music, which seems limited to tho harmonium ; mediated drawing, of which we have seen a collection of specimens, exceedingly inferior, not merely to human art, but, as we believe, to the unmediated art of the same individual ; and the Baron Goldenstubbe's "thousand specimens of direct spirit writing," the value of which appears to consist, not in their meaning, but their origin. These spirit autographs were obtained "by persons going into the first sta tioner's shop they came to, buying a packet of note-paper, putting their seal on it, and never letting it pass out of their hands till they had laid it down at a distance from themselves and the baron in open light and sight. Baron Goldenstubbe has published a book on this subject, and given fac-similes of some of the communications." Yes, but were those won derful communications worth having when they came ? Wo have seen a good many, private and printed, and can honestly say we never saw one of any kind of intrinsic value yet.; Mr. Howitt gives us a story of a physi cian who, having left a little country patient about whom he was very anxious, inquired by a silent question of his (Mr. Howitt's) table- spirit, how the boy was, and received for answer, " Jesus Christ has taken little David to his rest," which turned out to be true ; but, as Mr. Howitt himself observes,- the same answer might have been obtained as quickly, and perhaps with more certainty, by the iron telegraph, seeing that the mendacity of many of the spiritual agents is admitted, and even anxiously, maintained by the spiritualists themselves. Does, then, the pitiableness of our condition at the foot of the " spiritual plane " consist in our renouncing the advantage of this rather untrustworthy species of telegraph, in which a false answer seems rather more common than a true one? Or do these dictated oracles which make " mediumistic " viaducts of tables and alphabets really appear to participate in any degree in the nature of that older kind of inspiration which fastened its hold on some human character before finding its way into language of any kind? All we can say is, that if there be such oracles, Mr. Howitt and his friends do themselves great injustice in with- holding them. Mr. Dale Owen tells us of the spirit of a rejected lover, then no more, who suddenly seized on the hand of the lady who had rejected him, and comforted her in a sea- son of grief by writing from left to right and upwards, so that she had no notion of what she was writing, till the whole was completed, the following words, of which he gives us a fac- simile : " Ye are sorrowing as one without hope. Cast thy burden on your God and he will help thee.— R. G. D." But only the curious selection of pronouns appears to be due to R, G. D., the other words being a compound of a sentence in St. Paul and a sentence in the Psalms. On another occasion the same spirit telegraphed in the same way — "R. G.D. "To show you that we are thinking and working for you " — accompanying the communication by a present (mediated through a mortal stranger) of a large Newfoundland dog for which the lady had been wishing. This is the nearest approach to a combination of spiritual teaching and secular beneficence of which we have read. But might- not the Bible and the direct influence of Hea- ven have given this lady rather fuller spiritual help without R. G. D. ? and as to the New- foundland dog, the spirit's agency is certainly not clearly made out. All we wish to know is, why we ought, as Mr. Howitt insists, to expend time in sitting in a devotional frame of mind in a domestic circle, with the tips of our fingers on a table, in order to investigate spiri- tual phenomena, which, if real at all, are usually quite as frivolous, and not so wholesome as a round game at cards ? Mr. Howitt alludes with respectful awe to a spiritualist lady, Mrs. R., in a haunted house at Ramhurst, in Kent, whose story is told by Mr. Dale Owen, and who had attained a very high position "on the spiritual plane." Finding the door of her bedroom blocked up by a phantom superscribed in illumined letters with " Dame Children,'' together with a spiritual epitaph on Dame Children's earthly errors, she shut her eyes and rushed through it, exclaiming to a lady in the drawing-room who was yet higher on the spiritual plane than herself, " Laws ! my dear, I've run through Mrs. Child- ren." Now suppose that, by solicitous " me- diumistic" studies, we could so far raise our own position on the spiritual plane" as to walk through a ghost at every step down the Strand, how would that elevate our spiritual condition ? " Mrs. R." does not appear to have derived any advantage, spiritual or other wise, by penetrating this antique shadow in Queen Anne costume. There is no kind of evidence that a conscious dive through the bust or bowels of a ghost has any spiritual sing influence at all. We are disposed to agree with the spirits of Lady Blessington's crystal, as against the alphabetic and mechanical spirits, that "the class of spirits who are in the habit of commu nicating with mortals, by rapping and such proceedings, is such that it behoves all Chris- tian people to be on their guard against error and delusion through their means." And we should quite assent to similar warning testi- mony on the part of the noisy table-turners against the quiet spirits in Lady Blessington's crystal, if, as we do not doubt, — looking to the mutual jealousies of the parties, — such warning testimony exists. On the whole, we must say that Mr. Howitt has made no prima facie case for a moral inquiry. That the Emperor of the French, Adalbert of Bavaria, the Queen of Hol- land, the Czar, and Lord Lyndhurst believe in these creatures may be true ; and if so, they are no doubt at "a higher position on the spiritual plane" than we who stand at the bottom without even a wish to ascend. But why should we wish to share in these unseemly romps with spirits, who tug at your trousers and pinch your legs ? We can only say that to us it would be a personal shame to learn that any lost friend of our own had taken to floating tables and fat gentlemen as a grati- fication to mortal curiosity, or to "poak" a joke at us by their bad spelling. Unless Mr. Howitt has something better to tell us of the results of his family altar, we must say that, the question of evidence apart, we should not wish to become " mediumistic." If it be God's will that those who are "gone into a world of light" while we yet linger here should influence our minds for good, we can be truly thankful for the unconscious gain. But, for God's sake, let us be content with spirits speaking to the spirit, and not degrade the sweet and vener- able images of the departed by summoning them to such tours do force as alphabetical spelling, harmonium-playing, spirit-drawing, Newfoundland-dog- giving, or waste of note- paper by bad autographs accompanied with raps.- -Spectator, 8th February. 