The second reading by the Council of tlie Ministerial amendment of tlie gold duty on ; Wednesday evening, furnished * to the curious a very faithful photograph of our Upper House. The perfect unconsciousness of the. members— the fact that they were not sitting for their portraits, gives its ndelity ana lile-like character to,., tlie picture. : Extreme selfishness arid exceeding stupidity are equally exhibited in debating a measure which they confess they heartily detest, but which they are, nevertheless, quite willing to approve as sanctioning the existence of a Ministry, which, is engaged in palming off a most acceptable Land Bill on the country, and whose continuance in office is consequently material to their in terests. The honorable gentleriien expressed their 'feelings on the subject as ingenu ously as if they spoke with closed doors, and with as sublime an indifference to public opinion as if the country's ears, through the medium of ; the reporters' gal lery, were not present all the while. There was soiriething intrinsically majestic, also, in ; the indifference they exhibited to the public knowledge of the fact, that only a day or two previously tho members of the Ministry had procured the favor of a private interview with them — a novel proceeding, it will be observed, in constitutional Go vernment — to impress ' on the second superior and revising branch of the Legislature the grave importance for the pockets of its members of helping a shaky Cabinet to stick to place ' a little longer.' We are glad to haye the bill, such as it is — the ghost of an improvement — or at least the prospect of it conveyed in the Council's second reading, and passed too, though with infinite protest, without a division ! But the reduction of a sixpence in the gold duty a couple of months hence, and of another six pence at the coming of the Greek Kalends, would have no chance of meeting the approval of the Council — any more than any other popular measure — if there did not happen to be a quid pro quo, somewhat costly to the public, in- the shape of Mr Duffy's Land Bill. The measure avowedly would not have been accepted from an Ad ministration which, in other matters, and iu the main, was' not a reactionist one; and the acceptance was only accorded to prevent 'the. serious consequences'' to the squat ting and bank interest, feelingly suggested by Mr Mitchell when he -reminded his au dience that if the bill were discountenanced ' the Government would be placed in: a yery embarrassing position.' The Minis terial representative ' would not be acting ' honestly if he withheld from honorable ' gentlemen the serious consequences' ' which- would ? follow ? the refusal - of' the ' measure.' Mr Fawkner'' believed the ' duty, or rather the' royalty; was one of the ' most legitimate taxes:whichcc-uldbe levied, 'but h'e did not wish to imperil the country, arid ' therefore he would not persist iri his oppo ' sition' to the ' bill.' ?? Mr Hull ' was ' placed in the same .difficulty as- the hon. ' member Sir 'Fawkner. } he was conscien ' tiously. opposed to the bill, but lie did not ' wish to do anything to thwart the existing ' Administration;' ;As for!Mr'Powisit, after moving the adjournment of the debate for a fortriiglitjMie ' ha'd nbt! the f heart'-: t'o' stick to | his amendment, and- : so the se cond' leading passed- riem. con.^— passed; on 'the ' Very ingenuous cdnfessiori. of hon.' members, not for the country's benefit, but to obviate the prospect of interference with' their- own. ; If we never had anyiother : insight; hi tor tlieir composition,. tlie debate of Wednesday evening would aburiaaritly en able us to fully appreciate the character and , utility of our Upper House. ?; ' Apart from' the peculiar mariner of treat ing' ' the question ?'.itself, ''/there:1, ^rei'e' divers incidental and sometimes 1 irrelevant' observations in the debate curiously valuable as illustrative of the men and the tone and animus of the Chamber. In this point of view, some of Mr Fawkner's remarks may be cited, as a gem in their way : — ' Some ' months back certain men, whom he had ' designated as ' a low caste Ministry,' were ' in office. These men were very sore now ' — not with regard to their acts, they did ' not repent of them — but they were very ! ' sore when they were told how near ruin- J ' ing the country they had gone, in order j ' to maintain the canaille in tlicir place over i ' the heads of men of property !' What t must observers at a distance think of this in , the senate of a democratic country, and j whose democracy is in nothing more strongly i and unmistakably expressed than in the fact | that Mr Fawkner is a member of its I senate ? Mr Fawkner has the misfortune j to be plain-spoken, and therein his exposi- j tions of opinion and sentiment are hardly, | we may guess, agreeable to his brethren ; but we must take what he says, nevertheless, as tolerably fair representative remarks— ho- nestly indicative of the tone and feeling of what the Council feel and imagine, but do not usually venture to express. Aristocracy in this country — which Mr Fawkner prefers to still denominate Australia Felix — is an affair of the pocket, and the pocket is the test of worth, the one exclusive title to pre eminence. Since the spectacle of Aaron s golden calf, Mammon surely was never openly' set on a pedestal like this ! Like other people, we relish plain speaking, and we commend the current ideas of our Victorian ' aristocracy' on the local interpretation of such phrases as ' canaille ' class,' See., to Mr Thackeray and other inquisitive spectators of human nature under strange and unwonted aspects. However unconsciously, ' our old and much respected ' colonist,' is the candid ' representative ' man' of the shallow and short-sighted clique which still wrestles with the destiny of a new country, and would fain revive, in a state of things such as exists in Australia, some feeble reflex and caricature of the social arrangements of poor old Europe. It is difficult for the press and public in England to, contemplate the politics of the great gold country with sentiments in anywise ap proaching respect, while the acts, when not the ; utterances, of the upper branch of its Parliament are expressive of such feelings as we allude to. If we appear by the speeches of our honorables a community of ' snobs' wo should not. be angry, and should not wonder at the unusually disagreeable demea nour of leading Loridon journals in treating Victoria, We may fairly gather from the Council's debate on Wednesday that the Ministerial Land Bill is in no great danger when it leaves the Assembly, and that the third reading there is the only chance remaining of preventing the squatters' measure becoming law. Though the proposal of re ducing the gold duty was on the table of the Upper Chamber on former occasions, it was summarily rejected, and it is only permitted to stand now lest the safety of this precious Land Bill should be jeopardised. What a comment on Mr Duffy's profession of not changing his principles ! What a peculiar evidence of the' auspicious position of Vic torian politics and progress in the year of grace 1862! OF.none of hef public works has Melbourne so much reason to be honestly proud as of the. Public Library — a wise and munificent provision, of which all her citizens, from the scholar to the humblest student, can alike experience the advantage. . The good sense, taste, and liberality thus displayed in a colonial city of yesterday would do honor to the most refined of historical capitals ; and it is riot every one of therri .which' possesses -such a library and such a reading-room, accessible without restriction to all visitors. Nothing reflects more credit on the en lightenment and spirit of the colony, than the fact that the total stranger is welcome to this literary hospitality — can take his seat in this magnificent hall, and obtain the book he seeks from a collection of some thirty thousand volumes, carefully selected from every department of literature, and science, aud so classified as to obviate delay or trouble to tlie student. That the Public Library has done us honor in other countries may be inferred from the many gracefal presentations from abroad which have sup plemented its stores. We may cite the handsome present of books forwarded some time back by the Emperor of the French — the various useful works, many not to be procured through other channels, kindly received at the hands of their respective consuls, from the governments of Switzer land, Belgium, and the United States ; — donations from the Governors- General of India and Canada — and a gift of the pub lications of the Patent Office, numbering 1 800 large volumes, from the authorities in London. The institution in Swanston street is an educational institution of the very, highest value and promise, and we see that it is the idea of the trustees, with the assistance of Parliament,' to enlarge its scope and develop its usefulness by erecting another wing corresponding to that already completed, and which would afford accommodation for the kindred objects of a gallery of art and' a museum. We have sufficiently proved that expendi ture in this direction is money well in vested, and the building of the new wing, which will necessarily take some time, should be commenced as soon as possible. We have now a collection of casts of some of the best antique ? sculpture, and a collec tion of copies of the paintings of the old masters is in prospect. But there is no use j in possessing these means of. cultivating an artistic taste among the public without ap propriately housing them. Mr Tulk has obligingly giveri up his private . rooms in ' the present ' building for the ex hibition of the casts, and those rooms are already quite full and even crowded. And even if there was no new space required for an Art Gallery, 'the exigencies of the Library itself stand in need of it. To understand this, it must be remembered that no reading room, however capacious, can be always ex pected to serve the Rouble purpose of ac commodating ilie public who resort thither , for. study, and of- shelving a large and gra- ( dually increasing store of books. In the . British Museum, for example, as well as in ! every other large public library,- the reading room is only the principal of the many large rodms of the establishment. In. the colossal institution ' in London, there is a perfect labyrinth of book-rooms, arid which are book-rooms exclusively — i apartments to which the visitor has no acces3, and from wliich the particular .- volume he seeks is brdught to him by an attendant ; while the walls of the reading-room itself are devoted if to works of reference, and to those on the classes of subjects which the ordinary run of readers look for. We must not curtail the enlargement of our literary supply, and the stock, we find, has now reached the limits of the space provided. Another want of the Library which ought to be taken thought for, is the accommoda tion of persons resorting thither for actual study, and who should have the accompany ing requisite of pen and ink for making extracts. Now the use of pen and ink cannot be permitted, consistently with a proper care of tke books, in the gene ral reading-room. The regulations are sufficiently liberal in allowing everybody to read, and to make, if need be, pencil notes, without any guarantee for good con duct in the shape of a preliminary intro duction. For it must not be imagined that this privilege of free admission is not occa sionally abused, and that not by mere neg ligence only, as pencil scribbling on the books and sometimes leaves torn out bear witness ; while of course if ink were present on the tables there would be so much addi tional facility for the spoiling of valuable volumes by the thoughtless or wilfully mis chievous. We cannot forego a useful and generous arrangement, fraught with great public advantage, because now and then the idler or the rogue abuses the trust of those open- doors. But - it is liberality enough to have free license to read and not to scribble also. And any one really needing pen and ink in the Library, could experience no difficulty in procuring an introduction, such as is asked from all persons frequenting the British Museum. However, as the matter stands, the hardship is that he cannot as yet on these terms obtain the privilege, inasmuch as there is no apartment which can be set aside for the purpose. More space is wanted for the Library, hedged in by the accommodation of the works of art; and if the objects of the art gallery and the museum were not contem plated by the trustees at all, the gradual erection of the new wing would still be a desideratum. In impressing the neces sity of a separate apartment for study and reference, the trustees thus express them selves : — Without such a room, in which unrestrained and uninterrupted access to the authorities can be had by those pursuing complex or abstruse questions connected with art, science, and the various branches of industry which constantly arise, the books are divested of much of their in trinsic value; while members of the different learned professions, — those in search of technical and practical information afforded by reference to maps, plans, and drawings, — and those who f ;r literary purposes would wish to make extracts written in ink (the use of which is as yet neces sarily prohibited), complain frequently, loudly, and with reason, that they are denied the oppor tunity of turning to the best account choice works which tho Library contains, and which, as copies have been procured at the public expense, it cannot be eipectsd that private individuals will buy for themselves. When we recollect that in May, 1859, the number of volumes was 13,214, and that in another couple of years we will probably, be in possession of thrice that number, the occasion for preparing additional shelving room will be manifest. No library is better organised than this at present. In the words of the trustees, ' Experience has ' shown that the classification and distribu tion of the different departments oflitera ' ture, assuggestedby the librarian, 'Mr Tulk, 'has proved alike convenient to the public ' and beneficialto individual students. The . ' resources of the Library, on any subject, may be discovered at a glance,' ? while the. handsome catalogue just published furnishes a more detailed index. Now that the plan of circulating the books among the muni cipal reading rooms has been adopted, the interest in the gradual enlargement of the collection is not confined to Melbourne ; and the time has certainly arrived when the reading rooms of the up-country districts should be included with the suburban, in the benefit of these loans. The circulating ar rangement has been found, so far, to work admirably ; and when the system is extended and completed, as we hope will soon be the case, this noble institution and its progress will be a local boon to the provinces, as well as the capital. 