EASTERN POLICE COURT* Monday, 24th February. (Before S. T. Clissold, Esq., P.M., and C. Dyte, Esq., J.P.) THE DEVOTEES OF BACCHUS.-The un dermentioned persons were charged with drunkenness, and disposed of as follows; Christopher Chisholm, John Leech, Wm. Richards, Jas. O'Brien, and Mary Smith were each fined 5s or six hours' imprison ment ; Chas. Bland, Wm. Jenkins, and John Calder were discharged. THREATENING LANGUAGE.-John Mahoney for being disorderly and using threatening langnage in the street, was fined 20s. STEADING FROM A TIM,.-Ah Toun was charged with stealing 16s from the till of Mr D. Stewart, on the 17th inst. The pri- . soner was brought up on remand, and was now committed for six months. HIGHWAT BOBBIBT.-James Humphries was charged with highway robbery, in com pany with some others. Alexander Dar ragh deposed that he was a quarryman, and on passing through Esmond street, about two o'clock on the morning of the 20th inst., met the prisoner and two other men, one of whom asked him to have a drink. He consented, and they desired him to alight some distance away, which they said was outside a public house door. They then went towards the liiht, but the prosecutor finding it further than he expected, said he would not go any further, and was about to return, when the prisoner threw his arm around bisnëc&v; One of the other men seized him from be hind, and held his right hand. They took from him a watch and chain, a two-foot carpenter's rule.'a portmonnaie, and a pen knife. He valued the property stolen at £5. Thc watch was a silver Geneva, and open faced. The number of it was 5235. Thc watch now produced by detective officer Hyland was the one that had been stolen from him. The glass of the watch was cracked when stolen, and was so now. His neck was sore for about four days after the robbery, which soreness was caused by the squeeze which he received. The prisoner resembled one of the men. He wore a blue cap, like that of the pri soner's, but he would not like to swear to him. Witness had been in the Great Britain Hotel; and while there had pointed out the prisoner to the officer. He selected him from some ten men, and said if it was not the man who had stuck him up it must have been his ghost. Had no doubt but the prisoner was one of the men who stuck him up, but would not swear it. Reported the robbery to the police shortly after. Was slightly under the in fluence of liquor on the night of the robbery , but could walk and take care of himself if left alone. Cross-examined by the prisoner -I ran away after the robbery, my neck did not pain me then. (Dr Hobson here took a scat on the Bench.) I had been drinking. Frederick Polyblank, a jeweller, resident in Armstrong street, deposed that he knew the prisoner, who boarded in the Britannia boarding-house with witness. On thc morning of the 20th, about ll o'clock, the prisoner asked him, " H he could shout a pint for him." Witness replied in the affirmative. They then went into the Town Hall Hotel, and had drinks. There the pri soner asked him to buy a watch. Witness said he did not want it, but be would buy it if he could make anything of it He then took witness into a bed room in the board ing-house, and showed him the watch now produced. Witness purchased it for 10s. The prisoner did not say where he got the watch, and that it was worth £2. The pri soner asked a few questions of the witness, by which the former sought to make it appear that it was the witness who sold the watch to him, which however, the witness stoutly denied. Charles Evans, boarding-housekeeper, de posed that he knew the prisoner, who had boarded with him for three nights. On the morning of the 20th the prisoner did not come home until between two and three o'clock in the morning. .He rapped for admission, and witness let him in. He was alone. Detective-officer Hyland, who con ducted thc examination of the witnesses, deposed to the arrest of the prisoner in the boarding-house. Polyblank then said he bought the watch from the prisoner. The latter did not make a reply. On the way to the station house, the prisoner said he did not dispose of the watch. The Bench committed the prisoner for trial at the Circuit Court. CAÜBE LIST. Smith and others v Coad, £11 2s, goods; Mr Harris for defendant; dismissed. Brown v Morris, £l, work; order for amount. Nixon v Bremner; no appearance. Frán gese v Ah Moy; no appearance. Qoang ah Loy v Geo. Low, £14 19s 6d; order for amount and costs. Yet Chin v Quock Sue, £2; order for amount. Showman v West; no appearance. Lawrence v Clutterbuck, £2 13s 3d; order for £2 and costa. Can ning and Shaw vBrian; no appearance. The Court then adjourned. INSOLVENT.-The following insolvent filed his schedule at the Sheriffs Office on Mon day :-Alexander M'Donald, hay and corn dealer, Ballarat. Debts, £146 6s 3d;assets, £36 3s 6d; deficiency, £1 IO 2s 9d. Solicitor, Mr Frazer, Geelong. Printed and Published by GEORGE EDWARD FINNIS, fer the Proprietor, THOMA« DBUHMOKS WANURP, at tbs Sttr Office, ßfcrtrtwet, MIN»« ' 