bPlEir RAPPING;. ~ A correspondent - subscribing himself ." A D aan of thia World," sends the following to tl Slates; You have expressed a wish to examine wi xrrsaes wbo have bad " experiences " in model no. tg'«. Allow me to offer jon some of mine. Some jean ago a medical friend gave rr Heichenbach's book, which I read carefully, ei \- ticed by the author's scientific treatment of my Serinas subjects. About the same time a net "relation took up mesmerism, and we tried I Jaarm an opinion. Mesmerism, clair voy an c electro biology, and table-turning had their Inn »nd now I bate survived to meet a medium. I «et out with the conviction that troth discovered by investigation and experiment that nottue witnesses are found out 1 .taking themn off their guard; and that ad leered cheat ts a bad witness. ' If aman saj -that he'does not see, or hear, or feel, and shot -U»*t he «ÎOÇP, no hard swearing and no authorii usn convince me th <t his senses are absent ; an xx trhing abort of demonstration can prove tbi ah* senses are independent of their propi -origans. Men see with eyes; they mast prove th -they see with their elbows. sly first supernatural acquaintance was Alex! .andi coo fess that the roots of my hair mort ?oneimfortably when I saw bim playing 'ésari -with a bandage over bis ' eyes ;' ' but" when tl . Ryinna8tics began I recovered. The patient, bein in the rigid state, was set in a chair, and a ma «'oxl on bb outstretched legs. They did nt \- bead, bar the wright' overbalanced'Alexis, an lie, for(i>e>ting hiuself 'in a small matter, bec ?iris " rig'd" knees, got up, reseated himself, an stuck out hiB legs otice more. I did the sam ia the nrxt mom. Thus the experiment wt a feat of strength- Alexis, when he pretende to be mesmerically rigid, tried to deceive, an , all hts proceedings then assumed the value < , « injuring tricks. For example, the card playin slatted into a code of signals, for the assistai looked into both hands, and spoke cormnuall '(loxing the game. T next «pant some hours in a dark room wit a large magnet, a-riving earnestly to see tb .electric fluid. I knew by sounds that my con panton was mesmerising me air the time, bt ¿here was no result. Our experiments failed, s we held a keen argument. My friend at lat "poured out borne wa'er, and, holding the glae ia a particular manner, said, " If I give th« an earn eric fluid to anyone he will sleep." Thi SB Mid be tested; there was nd drug, sb I dran . the water, and did not sleep. My friend bi cime a mesmerist, but this experiment coi viaced me that he habitually deceived himsel and many subsequent experiments confirme Jthe conviction. Butt I have seen my fríen «xereise OD iofluenca over another friend whic amounted to an exaggeration of the power whic Hapoleon I. exercised over the nation which h ¿sommwded, but to nothing more. The .mot lamons clairvoyante of her day described th symptoms of a sick person, and I wrote then down in silence till the list covered moat mah -dies; but when a companion, who had beei -directed to keep silence, spoke and asked leading question, the sitting became a m ix tur af guessing and of the game of Yes and No. A symptoms were neglec ed but those indicate by the questioner, and there waa no subsequec 'Core. -, At a public electro-biological meeting I, wit -some twenty others, stared hard at bits of ti without «ny result, but a man of very suspiciou -exeirior wits affected, and he went through al aorta of contortions at the word of command bat these might be acted. Finally, the patien was told that be could not see, and declare« :th«t he did not see the , candles. The ope _tr*tor, who was the most famous of. hi day, summoned the. audience to examine th .patient, «od a medical < spectator did so with i «Andie. The rigid, .unwinking eyes, and thi j^im, stony face ol the biologised were some ' thing to remember, but (he doctor said quietly The pupils expand and contract freely undei -tho influence of light." There was still a chance-the muscles migh contract, though the man was unconscious o -the luminous: cause; but the audience wen .aceptica', and the angry patient removed al rdoubt ty shouting, '* I should like to see yot bear the candle as near your eyes as I did with -oatt winking." He had seen tbe candle, then Toe cl «tc betrayed itself in a small matter, abc aoon after thia lecturer disappeared. On motioning this incident to anothei -dCatnous American biologist, who called himsel: -"Doctor," fae said that the retina expanded anc -contracted involuntarily under the inflienct \--of light. The medieal sceptic said it was thc ¡ 2<upiL. . ?> Again, a mesmerised patient of a then well ¿ Glenown operator declared that she wes unable tc Cjhear, but a bard-heade I medical sceptic walked ««?ajutetly about muttering, " How wonderful /" *iM»w extraordinary 3": ** Cannot heari" Then, wadden ly addressing 'the patient in >the same . lone; he- said, "You can't bear at all, can you !" ? ...So, sir," said the girl, "nota word." Anothei -p «.tient, who could not feel, was'slyly pinched io a tender", place, ' bj another .doctor, an-9, bei og- taken unawares, sprang up, exclaiming "You brute?'' The doctor was M perfectly satisfied/' and so, within my expe- rience, whenever , the 1 senses were. tested the woods'* of mesmerism, clairvoyance^and electro bio ogy disappeared, A mechanical model explained table turning. Hands Uaid on a scale weigh considerably, so they do when laid,on'the'edge 6fia,; table, on a bat, or on the spokes of a windlass'. In like xnaoner pens press upon' the edge of a compass card when the.points rest on it, and the pens lem outwards against the sides bf the case. ' It \- is very difficult thss.to arrange a dozen of pens ^so evenly as not to tarn the card one Ttyway or the other ; and, if-it moves at aSh/* the ' whole1 r system 1 presses -in_one ¿iiVCticn. AU the pens^ come to' slopo one avay. »od- posh ene way, and the cards whirl rouen'1. And BO . table-turning is but a mecha- nical . force exercised unconsciously. When FaradeV's ÍDde*' Proved that fact tabte-f urning, went on't of fashion, but it still survives in xnentsi e&'rners. j 3ïow we*-have a new phase of magic in spirit -trapping, atad I hold it to be a wicked impos- ture, trading-, upon the best affections and feel- ings of huanan nature. The medium's charge aanfiues his /general audience to those whose family history ifl recorded in the Peerage and aimil ar books« His professed dealing with de- ceased friends'diawa those who suffer and are least fitted to detect imposture. Grief, with .its tearful - eyes, trembling awe, veneration, and blank wonder, are ill fived to cope with sn imposture. Argu- ment M iisa"ess where men wish to be deceived, bat yet the cheat ia transparent. The whole system is based on the assertion that dead men's j£tios*alfoliow a. mediam.* the.mott ÍMPous^pf the tribe us or ed mein an unguarded moment that if he were haunted by a spirit, it would drive him mad.___ The system of communication is by raps. "1" saw the same man rapping while he asserted that the spirit of my aunt was communicating with him by raps. I saw the muscular motion in one knuckle of his right hand, which he masked with bis left arm, and each-musen'ar contraction answered to each sonod as a pendu- lum answers to the tick of a clock. 1 tried the experiment, and produced the same sound by moving the same muscle, so as to jerk the back of the nail of the fore finger against an edge cut in the side of a pencil, the point of which was pressed bard against the table. When the medium said th it my dead aunt rapped for him, and had no sympathy with me, and when he made an audible noise with a pencil, visibly be- fore my eyes, it was a bare-faced, wicked attempt to deceive through human affections ; but when he did that which I had done that evening at dinner, and kicked up the whole table with his knee, it was simply ludicrous, and there waa a general shout of laughter. When he wrote with one hand ander the' table, and said it was a spirit who wrote, he said the thing which was not, for I can write with one hand ; and gene- rally it is too absurd to suppose that a room foll of ghosts assemble to inform their relations that they know the month in which they died. Let them tell me how to make my fortune honestly, and I will try to believe. Table taming did little harm, and promoted flirtation. Mesmerism breaks no bones. If a man when biologised thinks himself a pump and assume? the attitude, that is his look-out; but 6pirtt-rapping is different. .In the first place, it is'obtaining money under false pretences ; and in the second, it has driven hundreds of Americans as mad as March hares. \- I appeal - to you. Sir, to use your pen to save our wita to stir up the police, who are ready enough to pounce upon the poor gipsy who tells for- tunes, and so earns a few pence, but who let slip those larger fish who may make fortunes out of human weakness. 