TESTIMONIAL TO MR. LANDS- BOROUGH." A public meeting, convonod by tbo Mayor in accordance with a requisition addressod to him by a number of influential inhabitants of tho city, wns held in the Mechanics' Institute, yesterday afternoon, witii tlie object of ini tiating measures for acknowledging, to somo extent, tho services of Mr. Landsborougii, as an explorer, in his recent journey from tlio Gulf of Carpentaria to Victoria. Tlicro was a muoh larger ntlcndanco of the publio generally than is usual at meetings that occur during tho dny. The Mayor occupied tlio chair, and, having rend the requisition convening tho meeting, said tlint, as an old colonist, ho had much pleasure in complying with the requisition to call tlio present meeting. Ho beiiovod thoro was no rcsidont in the Australian colonies who did not feel that ho waB under a groat dobt of grntitudo to Mr. Landsborougii for under taking so laborious and dangerous 0 sorvice, end for tbo information he had rendered respecting tlio interior districts of this great colony ; nnd, further, lie felt assured .that overy ono cordially congratulated Mr. Lorids- borough on tlic successful manner in which ho had performed his journey. (Applause.) Tlio Hen. Matthew Ur.rvf.y, M.L.O., thon rose and said that it was intended that the first resolution should bo moved bra gentleman who would liavo been better able than lie was to do full justico to tho claims of Mr. Lnndsborough. As the duty had unexpectedly fallen into his hands, lie hoped that ho would bo excused for any shortcoming. Before alluding to. the rcsolulion ho might bo permitted to refer to a paragraph tlmt nppeurod in tlio Argus or, that morning to tlio cil'ecc that Mr. Liindsborough's journal had notyet been made public through tho prcBS. IIo had beon'informod tlint Mr. Lands- borough's journal' was placed in tlio hands of tlio Surveyor-General about a week ago in order that his route might be charted ns oarly as possible, and the journal, be belioved, would bo laid before tlio Royal Society on Monday next, and so como boforo tho public through the press on the following day. IIo believed there had been some objection to -tho present meoting as being too prematura on. tho Score of the journal not being before tlio publio, but lie took it that tlio lucid statement made by Mr. Landsborougii before the Royal Socioty a few evenings ago would satisfy any candid mind tlint tlio journey ho hnd under taken hnd bean a great and splendid under taking, more especially when the peculiar posi- t ion, in which lie wns placed wbb taken: into consideration. Tho Government of this colony requested tho Government of Queensland -.to find a leader of an exploration pnrty to pro ceed by tlio Victoria to tbo Albert River, and thence examine tlio country for traces of Burke and Wills ; and Mr. Landsborougii, ns being tlio best bushmnn in Queensland, was nsked by Sir George Bowen, tho Governor of Queensr land, to -undertake tlio onerous duty, and without any consideration as to himself or hia own interests, ho at ouco consented, and placed his services ht tho disposal of His Excellency. Tiio mooting was, he believed, well aw aro of the difficulties that wore oncountered in trans-, mitting tire party to tho Gulf. Tho Firefly, . by which tliey proceeded, wns wrecked on on. island in Torres Straits, . and seven or nine Of tlio horses died or were otherwise disabled,- bo that the number of Mr. Landsborougli'a horses was rediieod to about 21. Tlie result ' -was, tlmt after getting tho horses, with the assistance of Captain Norman, landed at tho„ Albort River, ho was unable to proceed on his journey for about thrco weeks, as several of his horses were in so exhausted, n condition that tliey had to bo held up in-, eling9 till they recovered their strength. At lest tho party started on a soutli-wost journey, and were absent for about nitio weeks, and during that time traversed a country wholly unknown previously. At last ho was unable- to proceed further from want of water, and at the end of nine weeks ho returned to the"; 1 depot at tho Albort River. On ttrriyirjj thorp, lie found that during liis absenco Mr. "VValkei! : had arrived overland from Queensland, and in tlio course of liis journey had discovered traces of Burko on tho Flindors. But Walker-bad ogain started, to follow up tho traces lie lmd ' discovered Mr. Lnudeborpueh dosircd also" to proceed in tlio same enterprise ; but Oaplnin Norman, who might be regarded as the commander-in-chiof of the expedition at that sido of Australia, did his utmost "to persuade Landsborougii against entering on so hazardous an undertaking, tlio more so as he did not ! think it would bo attended with beneficial results. Captain Norman, in fact, said that ho thought tho project would bo wholly fruitless as regarded Burke and Wills, — tlmt as ho had already performed on arduous journoy, as bis horses were knocked up, and liis provisions consumed, it would be impossible for him to go with safety 011 tho journoy lie proposed to tho south-cast and thence to Victoria. His moans, Captain Nor man thought, put it out of his power to undertake such a journey, end I10 therefore recommended Mr. Lnndsborough to return with him by tho Victoria to Qucotisland. Mr. Lnndsborough however replied that lie wag Bent on tho distinct understanding that ho should bo at liberty to scaroh for Burko and Wills in nny direction I10 thought most likely, so long as I10 had tlie means of doing so, and lie also stated that his horses were not so much reduced by his south-west journey ns to render them unfit to beablo to start for another jour noy after a short rest ; and as to provisions, I10 said lie would rather start without nny than not go at nil. Much of what ho (Mr. Hcrvey) was telling tlio meeting now tliey would never have heard from tho lips of Mr. Landsborougii.; nor was it likely they would over rend anything from him 011 the subject, for liis remarknblo modesty kept him from telling liis own tale. It wns from tho intricate privnto friendship that existed between Mr. Landsborougii and himself, tlmt ha hnd been able. to extract from liim a knowledge of tbo manliness bo had exhibited in carrying out the duties intrusted to liim. Having over- como Captain Norman's objections to his proposed south-cast journey, Mr. Landt- borougb, after a rest of threo weeks, was able to start afreali, as tho extraordinary richness of the pasturage in that quarter wns suoh ' that his horses were able after so short a rest to'stnrt in vory fair condition on another journey. Tho extent to which Captain Normau was able to assist tlio party with food, for a journoy of three nnd a half months, was seven nnd'a half pounds of flour and three pounds of meat for each man ; but he could give them no tea and no sugar — not a single ounce. Mr; Landsborougii, howerar, had 40 lb of sugar which lio had saved from liis south-west journey. The reason Captain Norman could not do more, was that liis supplies for liis craw were so greatly reduced by liis long stay at the Albort that ho found ha could not in justico to his crew do more. However, with such an insufficient Bupply Mr. Landsborougii started on a journey that lie knew must dt lccsb occupy three months and a lmlf, and which ex tended over not less than 1500 miles of un known territory, before lie could roach any country previously chalked out. On reaching tlio Flindors, Mr. Landsborougii was unable to discover what was tbo chief object of big mission, end what lio held as a primary object — the traces of tho intrepid explorers Burko and Wills; nor could be bo- tween tho Albort and tbo Flinders, or on tbo Flinders, discovor nny traces of Walker, who preceded liim only by about eight weeks — as all traces of him had beon obliterated by tho heavy rains tlmt lmd fallen m the meantime. Such wns tho position ia which lio found himself placed, end lie (Mr. Hervey) thought it wbb ono that tho public of Melbourne would bo generous enough to ac knowledge as ono of a vory trying and difficult nature. Mr. Landsborougii was not bound to steer in nny particular direction, but was left to follow the course tlmt his otvu experience and skill as a busltman recommended. In the course he adopted he was entirely guarded by _ those geographical . features, that indicated the '--path of safety . Ho followed the water courses \- generally, and in about, a day's journey after leaving tlio wntors that flow into tlio Gulf, l:o canto upon tlio Thomson and other waters flowing southward. ITis track lay to tlio east of tlint of Burko and Wills, and it was one that lio considered to bo equally safe as going along Collins street. Thoro had been a dispo sition amongst a portion of tlio public, and in Bomo portions of the press, to dispnrngo Mr. Landsborough because his journey was an easy one, and bccniiso it was not nltended bv any dangers or loss of life, and boennso ho did not discover traces of tlio missing explorers. Now, it was impossible for Jiiin to discover their traces. If tlio traces of Walker wcro obliterated in eight weoks, wns it 'reasonable to expect that those of Burko mid Wills could remain ? Mr. Landsborough, howover, did his best to discover traces of them, for ho followed tlio course that his ex perience and judgment us n bushman led him 1 to rcgardas tlio safest, andas tlio one Burke was most likely to adopt. IIo was, of course, com pelled to do this. Tbero was no other course open to him, for there ivoro no traces to follow. Apart, then, from that part of the subject, ho thought that tlio result of Mr. Landsborough's journey must bo peculiarly satisfactory to the pooplo of this colony, and ho might say to tlio ' world at largo ; as it had virtually given to thorn n largo and valuablo tract tf country suitnblo for tho purposes of grazing and colonisation, and which - would afford a peculiarly gratifying opportunity to ' tho pent up population of Victoria who desired to enter upon fresh settlements, and to the enterprising young men of England who might prefer to undertuko pastoral pursuits rather then continue to follow tho liarrnssing occupations ' of town lifo. In that way he thought that, a further roaBon was furnished why they should ugreo Jto the resolution that bad been placed 'in his hands, and mark their sense of tiio im portance of Mr. Landsborough's expedition. The resolution ho had to submit was as follows: — "That this meeting congratulates Mr. Landsborough on his safe arrival amongst. ' us, and is of opinion that ilia services as an .' explorer uro entitled to public recognition." : Ho lind iio hesitation in saying that ho believed that this resolution would bo received with perfect unanumily. Mr. Lockhart Morton seconded tho reso lution, and in doing so remarked that if Mr. Landsborough had only gono a littlo further on his sout.h-woBt journey, ho would' huvo ' solved tlio problem whether there was a great desert or a great iuland sea, or neither, in the centro of Australia. Ho hoped, howover, that1 that question would bo set at rest by the account of Mr. M'Kinlay, who ho was glad to seo by the papers of that morning might be early expected to arrive within tho South Australian settlements. Tho motion was then put and oarrid. Tho Rev. Dr. Cairns said ho entered tlio \- meeting without tho least idea that ho would he required to take any part in tho proceedings. -He enme to the meeting bccniiso lie felt, in common with ovorybody, a doop interest in , tho 'matter under consideration— the exploration .of tho interior of this country. He would, however, confess that ho hiid a peculiar inte rest in Mr. Eandsborough. In the old country his father wns a friend and brother, and a very remarkable man liia father was. Ho was very highly distinguished as a philosophical student of nature i and he was equally eminent as a faithful, talented, and dovotcd minister of religion. His friend, Mr. Landaborotigli, bad begun tlio duties of nn explorer at a very early period of his life. His father took him almost invariably with him to find out objccta of natural history ; and accustomed him wiiilo a hoy to mnko good uso of his eyes, — to neglect nothing, to examine everything — to attention ond careful examination — to take nothing for granted, nnd to think well boforo lie spoke. In this admirnblo school his friend obtained those habits tlmt placed him 011 the ominenco ho now enjoyed, and tiiat associated his name in all timo coming with tlio names of thoso illustrious men who wero the pioneers in tlio settlement of this their adopted country. After what had been stated, it was not necessary for him to enter into details ; but I10 must express, as his deliberate conviction, that Mr. Landsborough, in tho course chosen by him, had shown great wisdom, ond had shown that ho was a man up to his work, and tlmt ho knew what ho was about. He bad shown that he had judgment to .discern the right path, as wol! as skill and ouduranoo to carry it to a successful issue. Taking nil things together, — .the discoveries of Burke and his companions, of IValker, Stuart, ond Landsborough, — they began to soe a good deal, they began to learn a good deal of this Australian land. IIo could not toll lioiv delighted lie was getting with this country. It bogan to seem to him to . bo one of tho fairest and tho richest countries under heaven. They were long tormentod with the idea of tho existence of, a doscrt in tlio interior ; but now it 'scorned to bo all a myth, or at' most thoro was only the ghost of a desert, and thev must not, tlierofore, any longer bo told of tlio great desert tlmt. was the matter of the hot winds, for there scoinod to be ' only a little variety of soil; and perhaps they might, at no very distant period, reach such a stage of settlement and cultivation tlmt thcro would 110 1 longer be any dosert at all. The latest in formation showed tliom that, on the whole, this amazing continent was ono prodigious posture field, well watered throughout, every variety of soil; and a climate such as wns common to' all tropical and snb- tropieul regions, so tlmt tlio country was adapted to produco anything that was' grown in Europe ond in tlio warmer latitudes. Such a country oponcd up tlio . prospect of thus some day producing nil good things in tlio nature of necessaries or luxuries — food, fruit, wine, colton, sugar, tobacco, otc. — and thus be cnublod to widen, extend, nnd interweave their commercial relations through out tho whole world. They and their de scendants had beforo lliem an almost boundless field of enterprise and nn indefinite prospect of social prosperity. Ho certninly greatly admired tho wisdom of Mr. Landsborough in following the course ho did, as thoso who had been nibbling at his conduct had been somo- what too forward. When pooplo began to find fault they should allow themselves time for reflection., and ascertain the accuracy of their opinions. The grand features of a coun try W't.r0 i'a fields and rivers, nnd if they ascertained these, and had their positions fixed, then thoy acquired a true map of tho country ; but if these wero not ascertained and fixed, it was impossible to obtain a correct ' geographical knowledge of tho country. Now, Mr. Landsliorougli, when he found that it was impossible to follow Eurko and Wills by their tracks having been obliterated ! by heavy ruins, uotod 011 a sound nnd wIbo principle, and determined to follow up tho rivers to their sources, and, in doing so, fix tho groat feutures of tlio country, distin guishing between tho great rivers and their tributaries. This work ho accomplished so far as his journey went ; and tlioy now pretty well knew what the Flinders was and what the Thompson was, and tlioy had obtained a great deal inoro knowledge of tho general charac teristic's of tlio oountry than tlioy over pos sessed . before ; and having ascertained tlmt much, .they. might say tlioy hod tho geography of tho country accurately in their possession. This was a very tempting Bubjoct, but he would not enlarge. Ho hoped'this community would express their sense of Mr. Lands- borough's services in some becoming way. It was clear that ha had opened up to them ondlees sources of advantages, and surely ho , was entitled to rcceivo from tho community be had benefitted bo highly, somo particular token of regard. (Applause.) Inasmuch as they wcro to benefit by his journey, they ought to givo him something tlmt would assure iiim of their sympathy and gratitude. He believed it wns in contemplation to have a banquet. Well, that might bo a very good thing. Ho had not much experience of ban quets or public dinners ; nr.d ho did not object to such a compliment. But however good banquets might be, tliey passed away. No doubt there was something very grati fying in flie recolloction of such on entertain- ment, but evorybody know in liis own expe- rience that possession was better than remembrance; nnd in ordor that Mr. Lands borough might recoive something better than a dinnor and its recollections, it was proposed, as sfutcd in tho resolution tlmt ljad bcon entrusted to him, — "That a public subscrip tion bo undertaken to present a testimonial to Mr. Landsborough for his distinguished suc cess in crossing tho continent from tlio Gulf of Carpentaria, and discovering country so valuable for tlio purposes of colonisation." Ho lind much pleasure in submitting tho resolution for adoption by the meeting. Mr. Butciurt seconded tho motion, and in doing so, snid ho thought it would be a di-graco to Melbourne, and tlio colony gene rally, if llicy allowed Mr. .Landsborough, who had opened' up such an excellent country, to return to Queensland without BOmc substantial remcinbrniico of his services. Br. Cairns had spoken about a dinner and tlio pleasantness of its recollections ; but lio liad, perhaps, Imd more experience of public dinnora and their recollections tlinn Br. Cairns had ; and ho could tell liiin tlmt the recollections of a dinner wero sometimes very unpleasant, — thcro was tho liendaoho ucxt morning. (Laughter.) Now, lio would liko to sec something given to Mr. Landsborough better than a dinner nud its recollections. Ho would liko to seo him pvesonted with somothing tlmt would bo nil heirloom in his family, — something that his desendnnts might show to tho children of other settlors 011 the banks of the Flinders ob an evidence tlmt tlio sorviees of llicir progenitor had been esteemed worthy of substantial and permanent recognition. The motion wns agreed to. Mr. M'Bain, in moving the next resolution, expressed bis surpriso tlmt the Palinmont and tlio Royal Society, from both of which bodies tliey lind heard so much on tho subject of exploration, wcro so poorly represented at a meeting for tlio purposo of acknowledging the aohiovcmentB of Mr. Landsborough. Tlio resolution ho' had to propose was as follows i That Mr. Landsborough bo invited to a publio banquet, on which occasion a toslimonal bo presented to him." Br. Embling seconded tho resolution, and said lio should not' consider tlio oolony had done its duty in tho mnttor of recognising Mr. Landsborough's sorvicos, unless tlio Govern ment, with tlio sanction of tlio Parliament, acknowledged the services he lmd rendered to tho oolony in showing to tho natives , of Europe how advantageous 0 field Australia was for immigration and settlement. ' Tlio motion was put and carried. Mr. Thomas Dickson moved tho next- resolution — "That n committoo bo formed to carry out tlio forogoing resolutions, consisting of His Worship tlio Mayor, tho lion. Matthew Harvey, M.L.C., the lion. T. H. Fower>'M.L.C.; Rov. Dr. Cairns, Dr. Embling, McssrsI'Wi L. Morton, "Butchart, M'Bain, T. Dioksonj ,W. Campbell, Urqulmrt, Bigwood, Thompson, W. C. Sloauc, Cnple, Alston, M. L. King, Sydcs, Walter Clark, Gallagher, Box, W. Clarke, II. Glass, Craig, and Wilson, with powor to add to tlioir number." Tlio motion was seconded by Mr. JonN IIall, and agreed to- After a vote of thanks to tho Mayor for. presiding, tlio meeting separated. , 