LATER NEWS EIIOM EUROPE. By the Suffolk we have two days' later intelligence than that brought by the Mail We take the following from tue Western Daily Mercury (Plymouth), November 28 ;— - FEDEKAL ATTACK ON THE ENGLISH MAIL STKAMEB TBENT. CAPTURE OF THE TWO "CONFEDEBATE COSIMISSIONEBS TO ENGLAND AND FRANCE. SOUTHAMPTON, Wednesday. The La Plata has arrived. She brings news that Messrs. Slidell and Mason, the Confederate commissioners, were forcibly taken out of the Boyal Mail Company's steamer Trent, whilst on her passage from liavanah to St Thomas; by the American war ship San Jacinto. The steamar Theodora, with Commissioners on board, ran the blockade of Charleston on the 18th of October last Mr. Slidell was accompanied by his wife and three daughters. They left Ravanuah on board the Trent on the 7th inst, and on the 8th as she was approaching a narrow passage, between the reef opposite the Paradon Grande Lighthouse. Old Bahama Channel, a large war vessel was observed waiting a head, and showing no colors. On coming nearer, the Trent 'hoisted her ensign, which met with a response from the war vessel. When withiu about an eighth of a mile, the stranger it is said fired a round shot across the IVent'a bona, • at the same time 'liuisting the American flag. Immediately afterwat^s, it is reported, she fired a shell from a long' f>Ivot gun ou her forecastle, which bursted about a hundred yards to leeward of the Trent Captain Moir. of the Trent, thereupon, ^hailed" tne captain of the other. vessel, asking .what he - meant by stopping his ship ! He replied that he "wishe'd to Send, a bbat on boaTd. At the same time one wa-s lowered, containing two officers and ten men, who boarded the Trent and demanded her list ofpussengers which" was re- " 4-r lieutenant Fairfax;- the. officer in cor mauToTEfe~pmy~inm~tfiiri*at mie.um:!,^.^. proved to' be the San Jacinto, then said that Captain Wilks, his commander, had received reliable information that Messrs. Slidell, Mason, Eustace, and Farland were .'on board the Trent, and demanded that. they should be given up. This was instantly and peremptorily refused, both by Captain Moir and Commander 'Williams, R.N., the naval • agent iti iharge of Iler Majesty's mails, the former stoutly denying the right of the Federal vessel to take any person from uuder the English flag. The commissioners were standing near, and boldly declared that they were'all present, but being on board a British ship, claimed the protection of the flag. The Lieutenant then, said he would take charge of the steamer, and .waved his hand to the ' San Jacinto, when three more boats were sent alongside, in which were thirty marines, and about sixty sailors.. CommanderWilliams thereupon made the following protest:—" In this ship l am the representative of Her Majesty's Government, and I call upon the officers of the nhip and passengers generally to mark my words, -when, in the' name of the British Government, and in distinct language, I denounce this as an illegal act, in violation of'internatiohal law,'and an act of wanton piracy, which, had we means of-defence, you would not date to attempt." The men in the boats.then bo4rded aud came on the deck of the Trent with bare cutlasses, and the. Commissioners were forthwith arrested. and into the boats. Mr Slidell said he hoped case would be fully represented. » The Americans stated that'they were short of provisions^ and asked for a supply to maintain the prisoners. Captain Moir aid BO, but said distinctly they were for the 'ixdusive I j use of the four gentlemen.' A Cabinet Council had been held, but the re* suit is not known. Gun boats have been ordered to be ready at the jshortcst notice.. A monster meeting at Liverpool- called upon the Government to flag ''assert the dignity.' of ."—Argus. • ' the TBB " BIAWSTBD ENGLISH" AXD THE "EENOB SINGER.—When Mr. Squires made his first appearance on the stage, -there was an' ^extraordinary manifestation of good and ill -will on the part of the audience. The cheers, which were loud and vehement,' seemed to emanate chiefly from the dress-circle and staUs ; the groans and hisses from-the upper circle, pit, iand gallery. For some minutes were was'a vigorous -contest between the two parties. When there was a lull in the stonn of applause, the dissidents took np.the groaning and hissing with great energy; and these - presently succumbed to'-the more sonorous "hurrahs rendering it very difficult for anyone-to decide whefcherthe '"ayes '• or the " noes" were in a majority. 1 Mr. Squires comported himself rwith much tact and . goodtemper throughout though evidently nervous and embarrassed. " Onca or twice, < .like the Ghost in Hamlet, he " did address himself to motion, likeaslie wouldspeak/'buttheflttempl was defeated by the tumult which "Waa raised. At length the manager Appeared upon the st^ge, but failed to obtain a hearing, . and iually a momentary subsidence of the storm enabled Mr. Squires to make himself audible, and having once obtaiued the ear of the house do further opposition was offered to iis address. In .effect, he repeated the substance of the letter which he published some time since in our columns., H» deprecated the original publication of the letter, which he had addressed to a friend in California, and stated than att'erroneous construction had been put upon phrase which be had never intended to apply ofleusively. He .very much xegretted -what iad occurred, and having inade: this apology for au unintentional reflection -upon the Eoglish character he trusted they -would bear in mind the old English maxim, and let byegones be byegones. With this explanation the audience seemed to be perfectly satisfied ; and a well-timed remark from Mr. Farquharson led to an explosion of laughter, followed by a cry of " Three cheers for Farquharson." which was promptly responded to, and the opera, the progress of which liad been suspended for about: a quarter of an hour, was proceeded with in perfect good-humor on all sides.—Arguz, Feb 18 AN EKTEEPHISINO REPORTER.—?Tlie New York Timts has a correspondent in Missouri: who is bound to see all tie fights there, and describe them, at all risks. When the late four days' battle at Springfield began, he tried to gain access to the camp of the Union troops; but failing to do "so; he boldly went to the enemy's camp and surrendered as a praoner of tear, in order that he might see the battle. The rebels put him under guard of a gigantic frontiers-man, who was armed with a huge cavalry sabre, a pair of horse pistols, bowieknife, and a rifle.: But the correspondent saw the fight, and wrote an account of it of four columns.—Court Journal. GOSSIP .FSOV LIVERPOOL RESPECTWQ THE BLOCKADE.—With ail our fleet, it seems strange that we could-tiot catch this vessel, for I recollect that as early as the 24th August I mentioned the rumor here that such a vessel had sailed, and that our authorities here knew of it It could have been no other than this same vessel, and of course the Navy Department must have had still earlier knowledge than that, and yet the Bermuda seems to have gone straight iajwithout trouble. To say the least it is annoying, and what are the consequences 1 We have hardly heurd this news than we see it announced iu all the papers that a steamer, called the Fingal, freighted with an enormous quantitityuf munitions 4>f war of eVL-ry sort, has left "the Clyde-nominally for Madeira and the West Coast of Africa, but of course really for America. I mentioned in my letter about a fortnight since that a story was current in Liverpool that such a vessel was ' getting ready, and now hero she is. The short stay 1 made in Liverpool and Glasgow convinced me that things were worse off for us than I had supposed. The Sessioniats there are exceedingly strong, and, what is worse, they are in no want of money. I stated some time ago that their principal source of supply -was funds which the Southern banks had transferred, to England ou the breaking out of the war, but I under estimated the sum. Besides this there are large private resources which are liard to estimate at all, as they are deposited in many different places, and are liable to fluctuations particularly iu the matter of cotton, which has nearly doubled in price, and to its Southern owners, of course, if there are any, brings a continually increasing wealth. I do not believe that there is any fear of an over-estimate when I say that there must be at least fifteen million dollars of Southern property here in England: This accounts for the fact that they have been able to buy the monopoly of the manufacture of arms in the English market; that they have freighted two steamers with cargoes, which, in the case of the Fingal, is stated at $300,000, and in that of the Bermuda could hardly have been less ; that they have bought the steamers themselves, as it seemB to be supposed they have; and that, if rumour is to be believed^ they are preparing to continue this process aa soon as they hear the fate of the last venture. Indeed, they must do so, for their purchases of arms and munitions of war in'England are enormous, and amount, in Birmingham alone, if the newspapers are to be believed, to 100,000 dols, a month. I was told about a fortnight Aince, in Liverpool, that there was a man there, wjioae name I was-also told, who wag intriguing among the merchants and newspapers to .organize a party in favor of the breaking of onr biotkade. "He seems to have had a -certain success in that city, and there is, noKloubt, a party i.n the_ country at large in favor of this course, ,t>3t it is not large enough to cause any alarm. Toe may rely upon it that as matters now stand, there is not the slightest danger of such a BtepfromStiflland .Londoncorrespoad- \---j. ^Jtt^ XastYori. Timet, j MURDER I»F THE AHM*—I TleM Officerwrites to The JUniee, frozn Aldershott, on the recent military crimes, ana the expediency of taking away the amumtion of the soldiers. To show the general feeling among officers ou the question, ne' states -that, after dinner on the evening he wrote, the conversation at one of the messes at'tis camp -turned on the subject One of the officers said:—If my men's cartridges are taken' away, I will hang up a flask of powder and fe <bag-of balls in my barrack-room." These words were cordially applauded by all present, the feeling bang that it was far better to show the bad characters among the men that their officers did not fear them, than" by "wretched, cowardly precautions," which soldiers would simply consider as marks of weakness and pusillanimity. Such a remedy, in the opinion of "A Field Officers," would be wore than thejdisease. Andi Alteram Partem" also writes on the same subject -Referring to the murder of Colonel Crofton and Captain Hanliam, by a soldier at Preston Barracks, he says:—"I wished to know what were their relations with, and how those two who fell, in Preston Barracks commanded, the rank and file under them; wlether (the dicipline in force there was not ex- ceisively severe, and whether a system .of accumulative punishments was not .iii force in direct contradiction to the Queen's Regulations t Common report says that men have had in proep»ct as many as 100 days' heavy "marching ordpr drill-four hours a day to undergo, and which also entails confinement for that time to banacka. It ia also said that one of the charges against a soldier tried recently by court-martial wag for having told Colonel Crofton in the ordsrly-room, when brought before him a&.a primmer for. refusing to obey the orders of the servant of the guard, 'that he would be if hi would not eat him • that reply being made to a} order of Colonel Crofton's directing the solder to.be kept" without food until ho could obev-a novelty in military punishment, if true 