THE SOLEMN' PROTEST AND COM. PLAINT OF THE NEW CHUM G'e&tle; readers, for to those alone I address myself for sympathising tenderness, and balm of consolation for my wearied, perspiring, musquito- bitten feel ings ; I care not for those brawny, bearded, old eolonists of cucumber coolness, whose only answer to my well grounded complaint is a Jaugli, a jeer or a jibe, (and how fearfully their coarse loud laughs fall on my already lacerated feelings); No, to these alone, who,' like myself, who are not rhinoc eros with insensible hides, do 1 look for Good Samaritan feelings, and those alone do I. address*. Therefore, Gentle Readers, Lend me your ears, I am ' a new chum.' I have been dubbed so by gentlemen of whom I have spoken above as old colonials, (or Rhinoceroses) and I accept, the title, while confessing that I dp not clearly understand it; but if it mean one whose nights are spent in vain pursuits after native stingers, called mosquitoes, but in reality devils, whose eyelids-»never close in peaceful soothing slumber, whose ears are ringing with a continual, menacing, buzz, buzz, buzz, whose hands are eternally buffeting his own suffering head in the most delusive hope of exter minating these imps of darkness, then I am anew chum —If it means one, whose dreams, when his wearied and broken frame have at last sunk to sleep, are haunted bv dreadful visions of Ghosts — blood-sucking dentists — surgeon's saws — vampires — devils — then J am a new chum. If it mean pne whose days drag on in an idle search after coolness, under a boiling, broiling, sweating, blistering red hot ball of liquid fire, which passes with old colo nials as The Sun (!!), then most emphatically I am a new chum in the most extremely suffering sense of the feaiful term. But let me he cool (cool ! am I an icebers, do I look like one ? cool — what a deri- ion !) Oh ! for the plaintive eloquence of a Jeremiah to hand down my woes, even to the remotest ages ! Shall I relate the sufferings of that first night of torture? renovare dolorem. How revelling in the luxury of a bed of decent s;ze, after a three months confinement in a species of coffin, called a berth not quite eighteen inches in breadth, (.my enemies say I am rather stout, but that is malevolence) I prepared for balmy slumber and dreamy from the ivory gates, with a confidence as unbounded, alas a- it was baseleas. The tramp, tramp, tramp of the officer of the watch in his heavy sea boot's, his ho irse voice, calling the men aft to disturb my repose under the pretext of squaring main-braces or hauling this rope and that, would no more be heard, nor did I fear anymore that a sudden pitch of the good ship would send my head bump against the luckless beam that traversed my cabin ; all was beautiful, no longer that horrible smell of ships pervaded the atmosphere, and with expanding and grateful. heart, I. rolled over and over in my broad bed, in the ins-scented sheets, extinguished tuy candle and shut mj eyes. . I have in my time heard many fearful sounds, I have heard the led Indian war-whoop, very faith fully imitated by an inebriated party of friends within the walls ot dd T. C. — I lived for twelve month? at Hudelburg, my chamber separated but by a thin partition of poor Frity von — no matter — who had a taste for the (cracked) guitar, (bper) and the Deutchen Vaterland, even to this day, * nein, nein, nein, nein Le\n Vaterland muss weiter seyn !' . keeps ringing in my ears — I have heard the shout of the Arabs of Kabylia as they swooped down on their French foes, and I have heard the Highland bagpipes — I have been persecuted by a solo player on a cracked Clarionette, who daily pursued his dismal, dolorous, hideous industrious right under my windows in a retired street ia London, and I have heard Flemish fisherwomen (dispute — I re maiiud fifteen mortal days, 1 could not make my escape sooner, with . a friend who has four musical daughters, a piano out of tune of course, and a harp— and 1 have heard street-boys howl ' Willie we have missed you' with an occasional detour to ?' Ratcatcher's daughter. But in the columns of this widely-spread Journal, on the honour of ' a new chum' I most solemnly asseverate that any of these dismal sounds, separately or a-11 collectively are as nothing to the tiny buzz that resounded that night in my ears, and is still filling them with mortal dread. Beginning slowly with a sound wh'.'ch may be translated were. is he — where-is-he, it gradually augments in velocity and intensity, until it comes to an abrupt stop in 'here he is,' worse than Sir Boyle Roche's famous bird, it is not only in two places, it is everywhere at the same time. You gently raise your open hand and with beating heart lay in ambush for the little but indefatigable tormentors, you bring your open palm smartly and forcibly on your ear, a sounding stroke, you have caught it— ha! hat have you ? no! on the other side now — yes, no — back again— no — it is setting, squatting on your nose now wishing that essential - feature, already of a repectable size to be in- j ceased in bulk by an ugly swelling, and being ; besides slightly irritated by the unceasing torment ? ? and your unsuccessful attempts, you shut your fist . ; and bring it down with all your might and main on — what? the mosquito — oh! no— but on your poor -inoffensive nose, which you succeed but loo well in punishing severely, not to say more — This, reader, is a true account of my own acts on that eventful night. To resume my narrative in the first person, remembering my old prowess at bolstering matches in school-boy days or rather nights, I seized that instrument of war and with all the agility of con cpntrated passion and the general luckless results of the same to the most numerous members of the body, I belaboured the air with the force of a giiht and dogged resolution of a true-born Briton. But what boots it to continue ? Suffice it to say that the rays of the rising sun beheld in , me a huge mosquito bite, with the slightest possible trace left of the ' human form divine.' I shall pass over with the contempt and scorn they merit my friends' grinning inquiries as to bow I had passed the night/ as well certain titterings l which I overheard aaiofig the servants mixed up with such broken words of 'the new gent— nose, ? ? nobblers and blood in the basin— nor shall I inform. ? ? the reader how much a certain chemist charges for court plaster although I do know it, but what of ?, . that? I shall, also briefly pass over the, different remedies I have tried, I smoked tobacco until my clothes, my very hair positively reeked with the vile odour and— well— no matter, I am no smoker aim it was not uiuoa inac was in tne oasin next aay — I who patronised hitherto the choicest perfumes, am uow positively like a hasty German Cabaret ? ? when just opened,' before the cool breezes ; of the ? '?- of the morning have dispelled the nauseous atmos- i phere of beer— souikrout and bad. tobacco. I have . burned another compound in my ? room,' recom- mended of course, by a friend, the said compound is very easily procured, especially, in cattle stations, (I cannot further particularjse.it) and, f cannot sty whether it drove out the mosquitoes, but it did, myself. Other remedies have I tried but.it were' useless to enumerate them. Now that his friends of Macquarie- street the worshippers of * the Drowsy God' have deserted their temple of dullness, the 'New Chum knows not ♦ where to gain an hour of ' balmy sleep— nature's ? sweet restorer,'.1 true he has made a colledion.of the speechsto act as an opiate, but alas — when will he find the monotonous inimitable, somnolent delivery L Tom Moore may say, .'? Tae best of all ways ?'?,?', To lengthen our days, - Is to steal a few hours from the night. But Tom Moore knew noth'ng about mosquitoes. '.', The New Chum,- thinks therefore, that his ' days ' will not be long inthe laud of the living' but that his death may 'be some use -to -sbiencej and to his ; . fellow-men; he propounds the following questions: ? To the learned of all countries,' natural philosophers, zoologists, &c.; : .. ? ;.??:... ? ? .:..?? 1st. Why do all the mosquitoes of.th'e whole colony: settle down on ' tlie new chum ?' ? ?? 2nd. Does the diet of the sailing vessel, hard biscuit, ; anatomical, fowls, and bankrupt mutton give, a peculiar flavour to the flesh grateful to the taste of the mosquito ? . . 3rd. If so, why?. . To the benefactors of sleepless Humanity — the legislators of New South Wales— 1st. Is not the mosquito a greater pest than John Chinaman:: ?...:. 2nl. As the one is a denizen of the atmospherical,, the other of the celestial empire, could they not effect an exchange ! Of two evils choose the less. (Recommended to the especial consideration of Mr. Lucas, M.P.) 3rd. Why they do not resolve themselves into a committee of the house to inquire into the con duct of the officers for the protection &c.; of, emi- grants, who are left, notoriously exposed to these terrible night attacks ? ? ? 4th. Would it not be desirable to vote a statue to 'the New Chum' if dead, a pension if living at ' their next -merry--, meeting? . Explosion at Ballincollig Powder Mills.— Cork, Wednesdayi— One ; of the powder mills at Ballincollig blew up at 11.30 this morning, and five men were killed. The explosion was dis tinctly heard in this city.— Cork JB.ird.ld. — r-rThe . ?? building that blew up was a small wooden house in the western part of the work, and was situated on -,. the same site as that which blew up in August, in 1859\. though used fora different purpose — that of a pressing mill. .Three' of the bpdjes were found, fearfully mutilated ? but the other two had not been found, and it is supposed they were in the canal, which was being searched. The quantity of powder in the house at the time was but small.— Corh ' ; Examiner i j .- ' ; - ?- ' . ,'.'..?.:?.,..-? ;. !.n The Consecration of the Right Rev. » Dr, Cornthwaile as Bishop of Beverley took place at the Oratory on Sunday, His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster being the consecrating Prelate. Despite the inclemency, of the weather, the church was crowded on the occasion.— On Tues day, ( having arrived at York theproceeding evening) the Rt. Rev. Prelate was' duly installed Pro-Cathe- . dral Church ofSt. George, which 'was' crowded with ' spectators, including many of the most distinguished persons in the city and neighbourh6od— Protestants as well as Catholic*. After the ceremony the Bishop and Clerg'yj and . a, Jcpnsiderable, number of the laity, partook of ah , 'elegant dejeuner in the ca pacious 'schoolrooms attached to the church.— Cor. respondent, ? ':.?;.;:?/.:'? '?: ; m::-.':1 mrr .o^tfJUuy.cM. r-.i ? 'C t ? ? 