THE FRENCH CRITIC AND THE ENGLISH PRESS. (Le Courier du Dimanchc.) Hear tho London press 1 It croaks liko a mooting of frogs when you throw a stono into thoir pond. Brekoko kex ooax-coax. Thoy are rather supriscd, theso English. They had prepared, regardless ot expense, a magnificent exhibition ; thoy built of tho best brioke, after tho -designs of a celebrated architect of tho fifteenth order, viewed and approved by severa vary -great men, a large, spacious, and iuconvo- niopt barn, at the oost of seven! millions, and placed on tlio roof a couple of largo dish covers, which they call domes ; thoy had invited nil nations to bring into this barn specimens of their manufactures,- (keeping, as was perfectly natural, tlie lion's share for them- selves). They had made up tlioir minds to bs hospitable, civil, -courteous, Cor the occasion only, and in fact haditakon all thoir precautions. And yet what happened we all know. The first sturtling proof of British hospitality, was to require tlireo guineas from thn foreign exhibitors who wished to admire their . own stalls on tho opening day! Xheoll'ect ofisuoh a promising debut may bo easily divined. After all, said tlie English, it is not tho ft-.ult of England, but of the Exhibition Co.inm is- sioners, who have overshot the mark iii th eir anxiety for quick returns. But tako t.ho trouble, Messieurs les Francois, to walk about London. Stroll into our parks, sco our monti - ments, inspect our docks, admiro our piles ol Yorkshire hums and Manchester prints, -look at our steam engines, visit our Houses of Par- '. Moment, listen to Lord Paimerston and Mr. Waustono, reud our newspupcrs, buy our Bibles, sing our Psalms, admire. our long files of fair-haired maidens- angels on earth ; re flect what a great people wo are — how strong, how wealthy, how powerful, how eloquoiit, how woll dreised, how pious wo hre, and you will be forced to admit that wo arc the first of living nations. What I saw, or fancied I-saw, w«3 that tho English were very wealthy (or. at least that one man in ten thousand hud n great deal of money), very intelligent, very healthy, very indiflorent as to what befel their noighr bour, very oarcless of tho distress that prevails around them, und, in somo. instances, not sufficiently devoid of brutality. I said that thoir political liborty was unlimited, nnd thoir ipocial liberty vory limited, that thoy aro. quito at' their ease in all great - things, hut that in. lilt.'o things, which nro mutters of'duiiy occur rence,! tko pins are stuck in in vory uiicomfort-" able p.'uces. Tlrat arrangement is 'excellent for the lords', and bishops, whoso position exempts tliem'froi.1 theso troublesome details; nnd for tho luivyors,, who mnko a living out of them. I described .Lord Puhnorston ns umnn of talent. I did not say .ho was a saint. I don't think ho. would have appreciated tho compliment.'-. I, carefully ubstainc.'l from insulting any one. I formed wi9hcB for the maintenance of peace between tho two countries, without attaching much importance to tho alliance, which cannot, I think, be ' very cordial in any case, but especially if tho casting of Armstrong guns nnd canons rayca is oontinued on both sides of tlio Channel. I .did not alludo lo tlio many virtues which the English doubtless possess, because these virtues are carefully eoneealod, like violets hid beneath tho gross. . . . Lastly, I did not mention, although- 1 was very proud of it, tho honours done mo by an illustrious Englishman, Mr. Cobdcn, respected throughout Europo quito as much as in liis own country, who introduced me himself into tho House of Commons', a jhcvu vi gvuu ivi'i-uuu wiu luuru vtuuuuiu im Atir. Onbdon is one of tlio four or livo Englishmen for whom I have always entertained great admiralion and sympathy. Nevertheless I was not remarkably ill- treated, and I cannot ooinpluin that any un fairness was shown to mo— n fact I ascribe lb tho great habit of tho London press to discuss freely all snbjecls, nndto inaultnnyone they may tako n tlisliko to. I prefer this frankness and downright insult to courteous lies and polished misrepresentation. To lib and betray nro not tho vices -of a frco people. Would wo treat witli so much frankness in Franco nil Englishman who hiul spoken as plainly of ourselves as I spoke of I ho English ? I cannot say; but French politosso often con ceals a dual of biliousness. What I specially admired was, the unanimity and precision with which tho British press fired their shots against me. Ah, you como hero to laugh at us, perfidious stranger. Brckeke kex coax- coax! Alt! you wont admiro us, nor our. wives, ohiidren, lords, bishops, roast beef, and pioty! Brekokekex! As fir myself, ,' I can only say I am delighted nt this outbreak. My good English friends, Jet us striko a bargain. Abandon to mo your lords nnd bishops, who, liko locusts, eat up your wealth, and I will abandon to you all our; func tionaries, great ond small. Laugh;' away at tlio mania of GOO, 000 poor devils ill France, kicking their licels in tlio antechambers, soliciting patrons, waiting for appointments, : and dreaming of getting tobacco licences. Giro' 'me a trifle of your liberty, I will givo; you a littlo of our cquulity ; and it will be good for both of us. (Daily Telegraph .) Wo nro " a gloomy poople," nro wo not, M. Assolunt ? Our sombro faces 11 torrifv young children ond disgust sensitive foreigners," don't they, M. Assohmt? Wo liavo "no wit, nor humour, nor spirit, nor gaiety," nor any virtuo dear to your Gallic bosom! What npity tlint a sevcro bilious attack deprived us of this amiable Frenchman ! What a thousand pities for us, nnd for' the Constitutionnol; and for M. Assolnnt himself, that he (lid not tnrry amongst us till to-day! "He might liavo seen how miscrablo wo mako ourselves nt Epsom ; what sad lobr.ter-salsds and de pressing drinks wo co- jigumc when arrived thcro; how vory wrenched we all look whon our. silkon- skinncd fr.youritcs are saddled nnd mounted, and cant ar nlong thu omomlit turf ; what sombro silen jo reigns when the victorious colour flushes P asttho post; and, finally, how utterly abased, dejeotod, and wrotchod wo all appear as wo make our way homo from tho Surrey Hill Jfi rol. to day is tho Derby Day — the day orJ t10 " blue ribbon of tho turf," of 'i'1® tlnnin games," of anything you liko to call it ' jnenns long pent-up cxohomoiit, '1 r.eckloss holiday. To-day it is ot no uso 'y ' s king to abdicate or a nation to rise in ar irs. Wo shall take no head of them! It is sll ' .nolo us whether tho Fronch beat. Junrez or Juarez tho French ; whether the Holy Father gives up tho ghost or his capital ; whether North or South win tlio two great fields upon caelum depend. Not even tlio pitchod battle of tho rival pnrtieB in tlio State can en gage our attentior. Thoro is ono thing, surely, w.liiah M. Aseo- lsntwonld admire in this wondrous secuc. Hero is gathered all tho metropolis — taut la mondo — but where aro all tho gendarmes ? Whcro nro tho Zouaves, tho Ohssseurs, the Imperial Guard, wliioh would most ccrlninly assist at bucIi a perilous concourse in Franco ? Ton times ten thousand people, nnd half n hundred policemen — -tlmt is how wo English " preserve order" at our national gatherings. When the bell rings, tho course clears itself by somo mysterious agency, to which tho clerks of the arenn con tribute n littlo entrant-, nnd albeit a good deal of gesticulation. Tho people kccp3 itself in order, nnd does it thoroughly too, after one of thoso English fashions which M. Assolant's fino nature finds so contemptible. Could such n task bo trusted to them elsewhere, docs that " Mossoo" imagine ? Would son ami l'Em- pereur liko to leavo his loving subjools alone witli their ten thousand Eelvcs at Cliantilly ? But hore, not only will nil theso myriads have como without guard or garrison, . and have re mained without them, but they will find their way homo' together by road or rail, with nothing much moro serious - than tho loss of sundry watches and tempers, somo bloodless battles of. chafij and n few of tlio inevitable break-downs which horse flesh is heir to. Ae-ain. at the moment when Tottenham Corner is rounded by tho straining racers, M. Assohmt might liavo obsorved another curious specimen of an English crowd. Ho might liavo seen a storm of irregular horsemen, charging in a vast and dusky squad ron, to get a view of tlio final struggle — the most orderly of all disorderly " scrimmages" to bo witnessed. Such riding, und Buch a ; breed of horses as aro there ridden, nre moro ; important to tho country than M. Assolont is likely to know ; nnd this Derby Day, which means eo much of mirth, of full, and popping corks, of cold viands, and ' ico and lobster salads, of reckless, thoughtless holiday, means also, in an indirect way, tho charge of English : cavalry on tlio pitchod field, and that national skill and courage wliioh have mado us by taato u and choice " horisc-subdiiors," ns Homer de lighted to' call his fighting Greeks. 