BAliMAIS SCHOOL OP ARTS. A EOOIÍLL tea-meeting waa held leal evening in the-3*1. main Temperance Hall. About 350 peisona partook cfi an excellent tea; Xbe Rsv. T. A. Gordon moved, and the Rev. Mr. Rae. Independent minister, seconded-Tb at the Rev. R. Manille d ahoald take tba obaii.. The 3 >oretary then read tba followiag report : "?On the 17tb May, instant, the Balmain Tota Abati. nance Sooiety completed tba ace md year of ita exlatenoa. "Thia aooiety has. met with some opposition which,, indeed, is no more than was expeoled, it bavJt)g,.for ita obj ot the edsooaoy of total abalinenoe frona.the ase of lall intoxicating- liquors* thereby combating, one of'the moat general and deasly-obeii-tbed customs of ¿he ago. " Thia sooiety seeks, by the blessing and. help,.of tlad, to aisist in.banishing from the bornea of thia fair land that mansion strong drink, which\ so artfully insinuatas itself into the dwellings, of men of all stations end persuasions ; it is weloomed bft- them, it la cherished' bj thea*, until it gains the mastaay, tbbn lt stings to the haast those who fondle it, Ata» t that it is so.. Tne people call it ' a good oraature oil God,' and will have it. . " Notwithstanding the drinking onetoms-e3the oolony, still so prevalent and genera), tbia society, ha", never, tbelea*,. great canso for thankfulness-tor- the measure of sucqess whian, bas attended its efforts to stem the tide of intemperance io tbis locality, by the- aooeaslou to its ¡ ranks of a goodly number during the past year, not only lotthoBe wbo bad given way te. intemperance, but also ' of mm* wbo have been remaikable for abatem'oasness, i and who bave hitherto led aober and temperate lives, ! who, indeed, so far as they were personally concerned, , required not to pledge themselves,, bat have done ao for the aakocf example, thus conscientiously acknowledging : the dread responsibility recognised and eniorsed by the law of God. ' Thou shalt love thy neighbour aa thyself,' and practically and emphatically declaring 'I Bm my brother's beeper,' and taking for their authority the in. junotion of the great Apostle of the Gentiles, saying with bim (Bomana xiv, ai), < it ia gool i either to eat flesh nor to drink wine, nor anything whereby thy brother stnmbletb, or ia offended, or ia made weak." (lat Corio., B and 0.) »But take heed lest by any means this liberty of youra become a stumbling-block to them, that ara weak.'. (13tb verse.) ' Wherefore if meat make my brother to offend, I wi'l eat no flesh while the world atiude h, lest I make my brothor to offend.' And again, in the worda of St. James, 'Therefore to him that knowoth to do good, and doelh it not, to him it ia sin.' «' Altboagh the pecuniary means at the disposal|of this society have been exceedingly limited, forty eight publio meetings have been beld during the past year, for the advocacy of its principles, as well aa for the delivery of leotures, all of whioh bate been well attended. The aubjeota leotured upon were as follows-' The Annual Address,' by the Bev. T. A. Gordon ; ' Phrenology,' hy Mr. Pettiion ; " DogB," by N. D. Stenhouse, Esq., A.M. ; . Malts,' by Captain D. C. F. Scott, P.M.; 'Cate,' by Dr.O. S. Evana ; ' Old Times and New Times ; or, a Glance at the Homes of our Forefathers,' by Mr. Alfred Cane; 'A Desultory Evening wi h the Poets,'by Dr. Neild ; 'Mo. bammed and bia Faitb,' by Mr. R. Bonald ; 1 Ancient and Modern Gamea and Amusements,' by Captain D. C. F. Scott, P. M.; 'The Great Popular Delusion,' by Mr. John Boaeby ; .The Scriptural Aspeot of Total Abstinence,' by Dr. Neild; . Total Abstinence,' by Major Paton ; 'Tba Evils of Intemperance.' by D. Buchanan, Esq., M.L.A. " Besides the foregoing, a free tea-meeting waa elven to the Band of Hope on Christmas Eve, the requisites for whioh were most liberally contributed by the ladies of Balmain. "Thia Bociety now numbers 610 members, old and young ; and it is most gratifying to add, that of this large number n-t more than some balf-dczer, so far aa can be ascertained, have been unfaithful to their pledge, "The thanks of this society are due to the Bev, B. Mansfield, the Bev. T. A. Gordon, and Captain Welch, for tbe interest they have evinced for ita welfare, and also to the Wesleyan frienda for their kindness in grant- ing tbegratuitcus u:e of their o'd chapel, previous to tbe ¡ purchase of the Temperance Hall, which is now held in trust by Captain Scott, P.M., C.ptain We'ob, and Mr. B. Bonald, J. P" for the use of the people ot Balmain, but more especially for the ti tal abstainers. Tbe following gentlemen oompose the committee and office bearers for tbe e sling year:-Committee: Mr. J. J. Slaasop, Mr. Joseph Hun», Mr. Henry Lawson, Mr. James McDonald, Capt» in B.T. Moodie, Mr. George Neal, Mr. B.Perdrlau, Mr. Ba Bot aid. Joint Secretarial and Treasurers : Mr. H. Perdriau end Mr. B, Uouald. Ex-ifflcio mom. bera of committee (wnhoat vales) ; Re».. R Mao fi rf J, Ba». T. A Q or doo, Ber. T. B<s izléy, Rev. Mr. Mc ney. ment, and al) coinialera of toe Gospel who are total abstainers. ? * No ganawnU ara «tattled in th« war that ws waga, Noflaldrdyod with blood a» tbs ballia doth raga; Sat T to«, and »toa only, wa acmk to destroy. And t ru til la-the weapon wa-alwaia employ. " During tba proceedings the following pieces of muaia were sang :-Sbiiland : " R»ise your triumphant song." Anthems : " The Earth ia the liri'*," " How beautiful upon the Mountains," " Sing unto God." Hymn r " There is a laud of pure delight.1' Doxology : " To Father, Son, and HWy Ghost." The Ber. THOMA« SHITS: then delirered, in the Sobool of the Arts, a most excellent lecture ( illustrated with a magnificent series et dissolving views), on " Bunyan'a Pilgrim's Progress," whioh waa attentively listened to by a crowded audience. Mr. BONALD announoed that another ladara would be delivered in a meath, in the satas place, by the aame gentleman, and for the some purpose, namely, in aid of the Balmain Temperanaa fund, and of the St, Barnabas' Cburoh lund. 