HOW I BECAME A CRICKETER., (By one of the English Eleven, in 1n'il'n Lie~ in Vieforia.) A younger son of a younger son. T thuid myselfl; at the ng' .f tiSwenty-ssx, wih pi, d - sion, it very 1nmall incosie, iand tno )r'i5' i' but hoping still as othc?s had dune beulbr, studied ou,'always sticking to the ollice to bu ready for any buiness, should the goddess of Fortune think fit in one of her freke to favor me with so desirable a commodity, which she at last did. 1 got a beginning, and if 1 had worked and studied hard before, I now made myself almost a slave to my profession; for was there not in the distance the prettiest pair of bright eyes-combined with the most lovely face-that I sometimes in my wildest dreams hoped at no distant period to call my own ? But "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy"-and the author 1night have added a sickly one, too-and so, after two years of in. tense mental aipplication, I found myself one evening riding home to my little villa, by Kennington, feeling altogether unwell; though unable to discover the cause. ' ly appetite was pretty good, my sleep unbroken, but sonimc. how in the morning 1 always seemed to wake more tired than when I went to bed. It so happened that on this evening I found, on my arrival at home, a note from my friend New man (a young doctor, whose acquaintance I had made at college, and had renewed upon finding that lie resided in the same locality as myself),invited me to spend the evening with him, his wife having gone to visit a relation at Colchester. I accepted the invitation joyfully, for I found myself certainly in no humor lbr study. We were old friends, as lie often ran over to spend an evening with me- as lie said to cheer me up in my bachelor lodgings. After our usual greeting of " Well, old tellow, how are you ?"-a question, of course, which we never ansvered-Newnmn asked, in his jocular way, if 1 had swallowed ia ghost, as 1 most certainly looked like one. I took but little notice of the remark, passing it oilff' by saying, I supposed a hard day's work had made me feel and look a little tired. We spent a very pleasant evening, and I rose to take my leIvo, when Newnmn, looking at me seriously, and beginning with the prlheface that he hoped he had now know nome long enough not to be misunderstood, told me in plain words that I was overworking myself, and that if I continued to do so much longer I should soon be unable to do any work at all. I ad mitted tlihat I did not feel well, although I could not account inl any way for so doing; and begged his advice as to what comrse I could pursue, and that he would prescribe for me-to which lie replied, " No ! no! my dear fellow, I don't want you as l patient, fitr I could do you but little good. The disease suggests its own remedy. Close confinement in a office all day, and closer study at night, suggests at once relaxation fbr botly and mind -exercise and plenty of firesh ani." " IBut aiy dear fellow, how in 1 to get these ; I iiil too poor to keelp a horse, and if 1 take walkhing exercise my mind is continually at work oi my last readings." " Certainly that is an objection, and although there are many other ways of attaiining the object, the right one does not at once strike me. Billiards would employ your mind, and give you exercise, but the close atmosphere of a billiard-roons I should certainly not recommend. Rowing would be better, but that has the objection of not only being nearly as expensive as horse keeping, but also of beinhg, if anything, rather too violent an exercise in your present state, the continued exertion being, I am confident, more than yon equld manage with any degr'e of pleasure to yourself." "I fear it would," I exclaimed, dim recollections of blistered hands, &c.;, floating before me. "I have it," lie cried, "I have it, old follow--just the thing-can follow it at your own time-no tides, grooms, or anything else to wait for can leave it off alwhen you feel tired, and.be close to your own door. 'Cricket's the thing, my boy-cricket; play the game, and I'll stake my professional reputation that, with two or three hours oil alternate days for a month, you will feel yomurself a different man." "But, my dear fellow, I don't know anything about cricket; I never played a game in nmy life." " That is no reason why you should not learn," lie replied; "and you rememnber Boles, our old college tutor at the game; lie is living in the neighborhood, and would-nuly be too happy to give you an hour or two's tuition at any time." I did remember Boles, but in another field than the cricket field (hiving had no taste for the gnime), for it was lie who had shown n me my- first partridge, and many a good day's sport we had had together-and I liked the idea; so, promising to give the matter serious consideration, I bade him good night, and was soon at home and fist asleep. It so happened the next morning, walkiifg (for I haid at once determined to walk instead of ride to the office) into town, I met Boles who had a short time befo re rnewed our old acquaintance by employing me in my profes sional capacity in somen little business in which I was fortunate enough to succeed. After sonic conversation (remimnlering Newman's advice). I arranged to meet hlim the next afternoon at a well-known ground in the neighbornood, he promising to buy for me the necessary bat, pads, and gloves. . Behold me now amt the appointed time, in company with Boles, arriving on the ground, where, lihe said, lie had a capital wicket for me, where "I could hit to leg." I nodded, giving lhim to understand I knew what he nmeant, though it' lie had spoken Cingalese. lie could not hav6 puzzled me more as to his meaning. After some little difficulty in getting on my pads, and a narrow escape of filling oii my nose, inl .consequence of my awkwvruariess, I stood in front of the wicket; there were others on tlo ground, but as they took nio inotice of us I did not care. Boles was soon in ireadiness, with ithe shirt sleeve of his riighlt arm tucked as high as hlie could conveniently get it, and a new bright red ball in hisi hand. Thinking tlimt all was now in readiness, I endeavored to pineo11 tuyself in thle'most ipproved attitude, l oking on either sido of' Io at the others pIaltising, and copying them as nearly ns I andll, when I was asked by Boles if'] didn't mt nrli ll r"-anlother llol if) 'olingah i !lson, which was explained by lioles telling h. to holld my hat upright; havilng done which he inibrmed me it was the " two off" (still more puzzling). However, by Boles imitating the motions of the hand used by captains of the river steamers, I was at Inst got into position, Boles telling me I was all right, as 1 had got the "two leg." I cannot say tilat during this time I had felt anything like comfortable. Once or twice I had a fly. ing hall within an inch or two of my hiend, while another had hit ioe fair between the two shloulders, givinlg me a pain tllere somewhalt like rheunll tisni; but I would inot be daunted, il1d having seen a fresh neighbour hit the ground two or tluhree times very Ihard with his but, I thoughtf I could not ie wrong in doing so myself, especially as I found it gave me more confidence, and I hoped might be some iutimidation to the defiant Boles, who now, I after calling "play," I perceived was nnuming fiuntl ically towlrds me, for wuhat purpose ol wondered, when suddenly stopping short, turn., ing half rounld, extending lis right arm quickly, is if tlirowing the ball at some one plrn'tisilg albout thlirty yards to the left, he stood quite still looking at ne. At the snme instant I felt something, for I cannot call it seeing (to describe it rightly, would be to say I fblt I saw it), pass with terrific force be. twecen my legs and the wicket, Boles at tle same tilm exclaiming, " that was very close to youll, sir." I qaite agreed with Iloles as to the proximity of the nissile to my slhils, and said is Ilmuch to him, when I found that lie had meant inot close to 1nte personally, but to the wicket I was sllpposed to be gunirlitg. - I was now determlined that the next ball should find me a little better prepared; lnd keeping my eye steadlhstly on Boles, who went through tile samne manliacal pelformance as before, I watched tile ball leaving his haild, and corn. ing, as I supposed, to ut least a fbot the farther side from the stlmps, and stepped out accordl ingly with the idea of hitting it is I had seen the others do. 'lWhant was ny surprise to find tlhlt the ball, on toucllhig the glrounid, instead of continling in tilhe samle direction (,is by all tile Inlaws of motion I had ?reasoni to believe it woald), took n nearly opposite course to that it hlad before, and(, colling directly towanls the wicket, rising at the salme time, struck me n tremendoas blow oil the fleshy part of the tlhighl. I could have cried with the pain, and should certainly hlave stopped an while to rilh the in.jured part had. I not Oeliliaht sight in lhe same instant of Boles,who in his blandest manner said, " All right, Sir; live ounces and a half can't hurt you ;the next tim, Sir, keep your bat a little more upright, and allow a little for tlhe break." As to the first part of this small speech, though I said notllillg, I begged to differ with hIim; and.the lhtter was so much more Cingalese, thouglls.I hult'guessed thlat the break must moan thll pleculiar direction the ball had taken aft.ir tbiucing the ground. Smarting under the pain, I placed myself anain in position, to look out for tihe next ball, determined, if pos sible, as I could not lhave my roveno oil Boles, at least to have it on the ball, and with that intention again stepped out, arid hlit vi. ciously, as I thought, directly at it. To my great disgust my bat did not meet with the resistance I laid expected; and, turning round with' tIlhe force of my intended hit, I saw to my still greater surprise that trioe stumps hind evidently been disarranged. This sort of iling continued for some time, only varied by an occnsional hlit of more or less force in various parts of my body, with a lall played by some one of our numerous coin pinaions, the general result fIeintr that on an average about every alternate ball bowled me out. Being tired of continually refixing the stumps, and noticing also tllat more than the overa,,ge number of spectators were looking at us, 1 quietly suggested to Boles that if lhe were to bowl not quite so fast I michlt stand a chance of hitting the ball now and then. He acquiesced, and proposed I should now try a few " slows." This being arraniged, I wnt quietly back to my post, or rather three posts, and found tlant, although I could now see the balls with mucn h greater distinctness, I was firlhier than over from hittin. thlem, for.whun 1 sltopped out to do so they hll , always passed mes, and wlhon I 'remnined as Boles calls it "i t holne,' I invariably knocked the ball direct into Boles' hands, and that always whit nI thought I had hit it with sufficient force to send it to tile other Side of the ground ; and getting enraged at this did not toend to improve my p'ay, so that eveiltuallyI was bowled out twice running. Bowles now gave me to understand that it was a irule amongst cricketers, that whenever thluree wickets were bowled in succession, the bowler wais entitled to a new bat, informing mn at the same timle that the last few balls I lhad played lmuch too forwlrd. Auxious to save the forfeit, I detemlined, if possible, to avoid noy formler error, and for that purpiose stood within my groaund, und, getting well back to mike a vigorous hit at the ball, which was 'now close upol mIe, I brought my new bat down with full forco upon the brass ferule of the middle stlup, splitting and otherwise diamaginu it, to the great amusement of the surrounding crowd, and mlly own chagrin and [a1unoy'nee. Giving Bowles to understand I hind enough for that day, I quickly resumed my usual hlubiliments, and searcely acknlow. ledging the " Good day, Sib;" of the worthy Ilowles, I rotiulned liome, and lost 110 time io doctoring iny mucleh bruised body, vowing in wiril~. I twould forfleit liny sult rmther.thanL~e foiund oni a cricket lfeld igahin in any other canlalcity than that of a looker-on. T'le stiff ness I experienced inext day was something horrible, thoulgli I foulld ily lapititude for Iunishs In iuhs I i' eri ' tlhan it hlad been fbr manuy weeks, which I doubted nlot to be the result of the fresh air and exerciso I had taken How I aftcrwarlds became a cricketer, by the untiring advice of Newman, and the real of the assiduous Bowles, I must leave for others to determine;- sullice it--to say I sam now - ea, i cr ul' lrhe clubs, and one of the first r-leves in each. May Ivery one motwith tile ,,oni success, and derive as much benefit froe the really good old game. 