C&t; Spíincrj ¿fftorntag ijtralö. SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1862. it It is not often that Mr. Cowper is guilty of the virtue of candour, or that he treats a deputation with a genuine confession of his own deficiency. But he certainly spoke the simple truth, and that with the utmost frankness, when he informed the gentlemen who waited upon him to solicit from him an inaugural lecture for the Balmain School of Arts, that he was utterly incapable of producing anything worthy of the title or the occasion. If the deputation at the time felt inclined at all to accept this disclaimer as a piece of amiable modesty, or as an undue depreciation on Mr. Cowper's part of his own capacity, they have probably by this time corrected that opinion. That the audience listened with patience was a distinguished proof of their politeness, and the torture they must have endured while listening was as severe a penalty as any one could wish them to have suffered for the folly of their mock hero-worship in doing an evening's homage to the great friend of the people. Anything more utterly out of place at the inauguration of a literary institute can hardly be imagined, and we venture to think that there are scarcely any persons in the colony except Ministers of the Crown who would have so prostituted the occasion. Schools of Arts if they are to be of any use at all, and are to rally round them the support of the intelligent residents in their various localities, must be scrupulously preserved from sectarian and partizan influences. Any committee man, any director, any chief supporter, who perverts them from their main purpose, and seeks to turn them into instruments of party warfare, does a deed for which he deserves to be dismissed from his post as a traitor to his duty, and amid the deserved execrations of those whose confidence he has abused. And what are we to say of a lecturer, and that lecturer the Prime Minister of a colony, who so far forgets what is due to the high office he un- worthily holds, as to endeavour to stamp on the very foundation of a literary institute a political bias ? To these institutes men of all political parties subscribe. At the lectures delivered men of all parties attend. In their guileless simplicity, an audience was gathered to hear Mr. Cowper strike the key-note of the lecturing to be delivered in the new building at Balmain, and he treated them to a political diatribe, and a fierce anathemisation of the critics who had been personally hostile to himself. His political administration had been found fault with, and he emptied out his vexed and sorrowful heart to an audience who had been gathered together with some faint hopes of a literary treat. If this was not asking for bread and getting a stone, what could be Unhappily it is the vice of the Ministers never to be able, when they go out, to sink the shop. In season and out of season they always drag in politics. It is meat and drink to them in more senses than one, and they can talk and think about nothing else. They cannot attend a philanthropic or festive meeting without talking about how much the country owes to them, how the country is prospering under their management, and how wicked it is of the Sydney Morning Herald to pick holes in their coats, too much is this the case, that it is now regularly debated, whether Ministers should be invited to any ceremony lest they should drag in politics and when they are 60 invited, gentlemen who may differ from them in their opinion on public affairs are reduced to the unpleasant alternative either of absenting themselves on occasions when they would otherwise wish to be present, or of sitting patiently to listen to unseasonable political speeches to which a respect for the harmony of the meeting will not admit of a reply. Most persons of any delicacy of feeling have some regard to the circumstances in which they find themselves placed, and adapt themselves with more or less of skill to the humour of the moment. They are joyous on festive occasions serious on grave ones-political when politics are the subject matter-and as pleasant, witty, and wise as they can manage to be at re-unions and conver- sations. But our Ministers have only one mood and one note. They always sing the same song, in the same key. They are consumed with zeal for the people, and with daily watching for the national welfare; and when- ever they are asked to open their mouths out comes the regular story of how much they do, and how successful they are. If Mr. Robertson were at a funeral, and had any opportunity of making a speech, and he would find one if there were only the ghost of a chance, he would talk about the services the Government had rendered in providing a place for public interment. If Mr. Cowper were at a marriage he would dilate with serious action on the deep solicitude with which the Government were pondering the question of divorce. Nothing is more common in the mother country than for the leading statesmen to un- band themselves in pleasant literary recreations at public literary institutions and it is a charm- ing spectacle to see an audience gathered from all creeds and classes to listen to some eminent man who, though engaged in Parliament in hot political contest, finds during the recess common ground even with his most determined opponents in the neutral territory of literature, science, or social philosophy. And would not one of these audiences be just a little astonished if Mr. Gladstone, for instance, were to turn an inaugural lecture into a vindic- tive attack on Mr. Disraeli, and an onslaught, on the writers in the Saturday Review, or if Mr. Disraeli were to bring forward his quarrels with Lord Palmerston, and the ill-usage he received from the Times ? People would indeed begin to think that the race of English states- men was degenerating, and that in becoming politicians they had forgotten to be gentlemen. Even worse than the gross indecency of dragging in politics on such an occasion, was the odious morality Mr. Cowper had the shamefacedness to avow. The burden of his complaint was, that his administration of affairs had been the subject of hostile criticism, and that the colony had been represented as deriving injury from it. He confounds this criticism with traducing the colony, and so endeavours to cast on his censors the odium of want of patriotism and he represents that if things were going as wrong as was alleged, the proper thing for public writers to do would be to hush up the mischief, conceal the facts, and mislead the public in other words, that the suitable policy for journalists, whenever there was anything wrong, ought to be duplicity and falsehood. We must concede to Mr. Cowper whatever praise may belong to the dubious merit of an evil consistency. His creed and his conduct are in this respect undoubtedly harmonious. He has the rare merit among teachers of morality of practising what he preaches. Most uniformly, most consistently, has it been his habit to conceal the' truth to put forward false appearances, and by a dexterous juggling with figures to create erroneous impressions as to the prosperous results of his administration. Over and over again the fallacy of his deductions has been exposed. But those who wish to be deceived are easily deceived, and by incessant repetition he gains an easy credence amongst those who are ignorant of the facts those who are too lazy to think; and those who farm in the hopes of receiving a favour. We, however, at the risk of continuing to incur his displeasure, must still decline to subscribe to Mr. Cowper's morality of journalism. To us it seems that a searching exposure of all corruption in Parliament a vigorous protest against erroneous tendencies in legislation, and an earnest warning against the follies and vices which all history has proved to be fatal to the growth and stability of nations, is the best service which a political writer can render to his age. In doing this, it may be necessary at times to use plain terms, and to call a spade a spade. This may be a disagreeable process to those who conduct the affairs of a nation in the spirit of scheming directors of a rotten stock-jobbing concern- who are practised in " cooking accounts who know how " to make things pleasant and who try to offer hush money to reporters' to keep ugly facts out of the newspapers. But such a silence would be as treasonable as it would be fatal to the great interests at stake and however much our Ministers may like the veil of concealment to be drawn over their wrongdoings, we give them our honest assurance that they will not get it. 