A ' Yiinliec Rapper.' (From the Illustrated Timet.) The readers of the Times must have been somewhat startled when, one day last week, the leading journal, dropping the prudent silence which it had previously kept upon the subject, published a notice of a visit to a ' spiritualist.'' The notice was nothing more nor less than a pufT, as flagrant and transparent as any ever pub lished in aid of quackery. How such an article I obtained admission to the Times columns it is hard to conceive. The Times is usually supposed to be beyond the price at which even the most enterprising of knaves can afford to bribe ; but not even the best regulated economy of journalism can guard against occasional accidents. An old and trusted baud may be alllicted with a mental crotchet, or an opportunity may occur in which an underling may run wild through a column. Something of the kind must have been the case in this instance, for the leading journal did not allow two publications to intervene before printing a 'leader' in whieh, without disavowing the previous article, it was endeavored to mitigate its mischievous tendency. The subject of the original notice may be thus narrated. There has recently set up in London an American pretended necromancer, who holds himself out as a ' spiritualist ' medium between the living and their departed friends, and chaige - for what he calls a st'ancc the moderate sum of one guinea each visitor. The whole trick was exposed weeks ago in our contemporary the Critic by the able pen of Mr. Low, whose name, together with that of a friend who had accom panied him, was attached to his communication as a pledge for the veracity of the statement. Notwithstanding this, the Times relates how the Yankee rapper produces in red letters upon his arm the names or initials of deceased friends of those who consult liiui, how ' raps ' (said to emanate from departed souls) give common-sense advice upon such technical matters as, whether an aggrieved person should ' issue a writ' or ' file a bill ' in order to obtain his remedy, legal or equitable, and how at length, after the shutters had been closed, a ' a hand with twiddliifg fingers ' appeared, for no particular purpose aud with no apparent intention beyond that of clutch ing at scraps of paper placed near it. The fact of this exhibition, supposing it to have taken place, is by no means flattering to the Times re porter. It is a performance which the so-called spiritualists constantly brag of, but never display except in the presence of the most credulous and timid of their dupes. Any parlor conjuror with such materials as may be obtained at any che mist's may astouish his friends with the like. Rub the hand over with phosphorised oil, and when extended in the dark it will present the appearance of a light blue illuminated vapour, which will gradually define the outlines of the fingers, but nothing beyond. The 'twiddling' will, by friction, increase temporarily the lurid light, while hastening its extinction. We really feel inclined to apologise to our raiders for the statement of such a simple device, which many intelligent boys learned twenty years since from a ' Statham's Chemical Cabinet,' sold then and now at os. 6d., for the recreation of juveniles of a scientific turn. The ' rappers ' may well be chary of this special ' manifestation.' As for the raps themselves, a common street conjuror might be booted by his audience of errand-boys if he attempted such a stale decep tion. Firstly, no human ear can detect the difference between a rap upon and one beneath a table, aud yet the whole mystery of tho matter, to the spiritualist dupes, is that they hear raps ' on ' the table, while they are forbidden to look under it. Secondly, the ' raps ' may bo pro duced without apparent motion by a knack of the operator in rapidly displacing aud returning one of the muscular tendons over the upper and ex ternal head of the femur, or by the motion of various joints of the limbs, as the knees or ankles, according to the skill or natural qualifi cations of the medium. There would be really nothing in these' deceptions were they performed with innocent purpose. The press disdains to record or to explain the trick of the man in the street who, after apparently producing conver sation from a woodeu doll, makes it vanish bodily from beforo the eyes of a crowd of spectators iu broad day. But this spirit-rapping imposture possesses its tragic as well as its ludicrous aspect. Those who surrender their judgments to become its dupes, in ever so small a degree, generally become its victims. ' From credulity they pro gress to self-deception, from self-deception not unfrequently to social ruin and mental imbecility. The records of the lunatic asylums of America show an enormous increase of patients whose disorder is entirely attributable to the ' rappers.' Some few years since ' a London solicitor, a principal in one of the most eminent firms, became the dupe of a Yankee impostor, and delivered a lecture at a metropolitan institution upon tho 1 subject of the spirits. A newspaper controversy ensued, of which, as usual, tho spiritualists had tho worst. In a few months afterwards the lec turer was a ruined man, utterly incapacitated mentally to attend to his business. Finally, a few of his friends and clients, subscribed a small sum sufficient just to carry him to one of the colonies, but neither his intellect nor his fortunes were ever retrieved. If a man voluntarily binds up one of his limbs so as to prevent its movement, that limb will become diseased, useless, und finally perish. So with the brain. When one voluntarily abnegates the voice of reason and common sense within, he is preparing the way for a mental calamity which will silence that voice for ever. It is idle to challenge the ' spiritualists ' to scientific investigation. They have been so challenged over and over again. Such men as Dickens and Lewes have repeatedly exposed their shallow devices and the shameful infatuation of their proselytes. It was one of these gentlemen who, 011 inquiry of a ' spirit ' ' IIow many noses had the ghost of Hamlet's father?'' received in reply, ' Seventeen I'' Wo earnestly warn our readers against the tricks, however apparently startling, of these vulgar rogues. I.et them remember that the entire scheme comes to us tainted in its origin as one. emanating from a nationality remarkable neither for veracity nor for scrupulous honesty. It may be, no doubt, ' smart but honesty and sound sense are somewhat more than a match for 'smartness' on this side the Atlantic. Our national opinion 011 ' spiritualism ' was never better expressed than 011 a late trial where a witness testified that he had called one of the parties ' a Yankee rapper.' ' And what did you mean by. that ?'' asked the examining counsel. ' Why,' replied the witness, ' a liar, of course.' 