TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. [THROUGH GREVILLE AND BIRD.] . MELBOURNE. Saturday Evening. The corn market has closed steady. '-' A fair bueinosa bas boen done in flour, . Wheat ia quiet. ' ' , Inoatsexteoslve trans lotions have taken plaoe. Stocks .re nearly all e'rarcd. Colonial at aeren fo leven and "' foarpence; Californian at eix anti n'nepenee. ' Halie hal bean eold at fire and uln'eponoe,'and re ' ' mainiog holder's of imall paréela eek .threepence to six- pence adraooe. . !. ' , .;, !.. An evening paper ia about to be published. OOMPLIMENTARY BALL. A ball was given, on Friday night, in compliment of the twenty-first birthday of Miss Clark, daughter of Mr. John Clark, professor of dancing. Bowell known, and so long reoognisod, that he . ' requires no compliment at car beoda. Tba ball wis ,.. ' . given OB a grooef ul maana of preaenttng to Mila Clark a grand pianoforte, BB a auitnble testimony to the kindoets "and the accomplishment with which i he had ol way a ,'aided ber father in bia professional career, and of the es'etm and regard in wbioh abe waa held amongst bia papila and friends. - COLONEL Kgjtpr.-A presentation' of a service of .' silver plate took' plooe on Siturdsy afternoon^ on tho ,' , ooaaaion of Colono! Kempt'a'depart ure" from tbe colony to take command of thu military in Tasmania. 'Colorel .. Kempt has aoted BS commoodir.g officer of the Volunteer foroe in this colony ainoe its. first enrolment,' '. He baa. . alwajl enlisted the respect, we believe, and the Watm esteem of the' body. He * baa over bein arxloua to pro rao'.e its dlaolpllno andieifioicney, knowing that euch was , i ' the aureat ^way, to 'aj touro to.mob a lotos a cordial and ; no operative sentiment In tho heart of the oiiirooe. The .., r proaen tallou, took plaoe io the ci bin of 'the Balolutba . steamer, in which Colonel Kempt'f. ad tn ken bia pea ,T ? «agc ,There wai no formal iualtuctlun issued t) tho ? Voluntoere, bat the voluntary attnndanao «rae vary nu. meron»; in. fact ,11 e wharf was crowded. Captain Still ?.¡I : presented the leetemonltl in an appropriate ad drene, ?which was no! now'IeiJged by Colonel Kempt, in a manner \- whioh allowed how much hie fetlingu were touebud by the recognition ofilia oonnratlon with a foroe, in whioh bil aotite Bympotbi abad alway* bren engaged, ' COBOSRUB. jNvEaiioivTioK.-At the City Ciron?i'a ? office, au investigation waa held on Saturduy, oonocrning ?' 'the death of s married worn on nnmoi Jane Mason, aged ? .. OS years. D:oeaeed icoid.d in Anno's-iane, oif Kent street, and made a living by washing. Silo occasionally became intemperate. On Tat-aday lout, abo oomplaiood ' ' of a eold, and on Friday oven ng Dr. Ratter waa railed «? ' In to a tend ber. Ho found bur tmiLriiig from in fl «muía lion of the lunge. Sha was then beyond the avail of medical etclil, ar.il dlod about balf.paut eleven ou Satur- day morning. Tho bonna in which doooasad dwoll, la a cold, miserablo place. Tho coroner conslierod that > 1 death resulted from ibfljmmntlon of tho lungs. AOOIDENT -About linll-pant 13 o'clock on Saturday morning, a mao namud Coartan Brett, residing aa the Waterloo Ksttto, WBB drawing a van, loaded with tarni. ' lure, along Perramnt'a-Btrprt, when the bono, attrobéd '. to ibo van, stumbled and foll. In raising Ibo borao bf kicked Brett on tho bead, fraotaiing the skull. Sr. \- Aitkin wes immudiately turamoued, dressed the wound, -, ftn^advisod the ir.jarod man's removal to his residence, , which noa accordingly done. CiXmoV TO DBXVKBS O» LlOBHBED YZHJOLEI J OTHXRB - A ooDTi'tion waa obtained at toe Cent Polioe-ofHoa OD Thursday last, by tba Inapaotor Uoensed Yebiolcs against a 'bm owner, for " cruelly treating a eartain «aimai, lo wK, by over workioc hor*e la an nt flt condition." GREEN, THE 'ATJBTBAI IAN CHAMMO».-The follow; dballenge appears ID BtlVt Life, in London:-"G. Everson, of Greenwich, will row Oreen (tba Aaa'ia' Champion) in eigbt weeks from tba first deposit, JEICO . side, in out.rigger*, frost Patoey ta Mortlake. A SIBANOEB in STOKES.-A Urge Wombat, tba ot one wiuoh baft been oaogbt for a number of year?, n now be seen it tba ebop of Mr. Coleman, near t Bengal Arms, Bridge-street. It was caught on the Ci rejoog Binge, on tba Hawkesbury, by a settler ID tl disriot, and brought down to Sydney as a cariosity, somewbtt raHembles a nativa beer, except tbat it muoh largar, sad bis, instead of tbe soft long grey faee I tbat animal, oue mnob aborter, darker, and mora li the bristle« on a pip* BOYAL VioToniA THEATBE.-On Saturday erening ti Sullivan appeared BS Maobetb, in Shakaperu's tragedy, tbat name. The part of Lady Maabetn was splendid played by Mrs. Poole, tbs scene in wbioh ehe perseid her husband to the murder of Danoan, end taants bl witb 1 ia weakoees and infirmity of parpóse, and that wbioh tba " tblek enmtag fanoies tbat keep her from b rest," and the aiingioga of remorse, oaase rJt'r to walk : her sleep, being most excellently rendered. -M Warner waa highly auaoesafal in his impersonation tba bold and fiery Maoduff. Tba Banquo of Mr. Cha man WBB a netvone and spirited performene<¡, by tl way, wa ire sure, Ibat gentleman will pirdon obr pbia lng oat a habit which he appear* to be falling into, ar wbioh wtB more tban onoe paiofally apparent ou Situ day night, in bis otherwise'really good playing. It is ti prietioe of suddenly ouching the breath, ao as to fori the emitaion of the sound "ah," et tbe ena of lim terminating with a vowrl-lima " See row Oar partner rapt," ab. Mr. Appleton's Lenox was nioely, BE (as all this gentleman's parts sn ) carefully pe formed, hi« speech in the second sot wi excellently giren, except that, wera we hypercritical! disposid, we might obj sot to tba expression, "Tba eert waa feverish," the .text,- "feverous," being ao mac baiter. The Macbeth of Mr. Soll van was a magnirloer pim ure of tba " untitled tyrant," the " fiend of Scotland and that in DD parlisular more than in the oontraa'a bi (ween the gallant soldierlyy bearing of the Thane < Glamis, the fearful, irresolute, and conscience atrioka manner of Ibe.Tbane of Cawdor, and tbe fieroe, despei ate, and auspicious appearanoe and mien of tba kini As in moat of bis Shikspe i Introduces a number, of rf alinga differing more or let with tba «ame passages »s arually rendered on tba atngt Some of these aocard with the opinion« of varions «on IT: en tat ors on Sbakaprare. otbere are of bia own introdni lion. Tbs liD.e, " Time and the boor run through' tb rongbeat day," he obaagea into " Tide and the hoar," fe the reason, we .presume, of preventing tautology. Io th soliloquy in tbe first sot, wbiob ia generali .read, "] 'twere done wben 'tis dona tben 'twere well it wera don qaiokly," he pjuses after-tbe word well, making that Un a complete sentenor, then commonoing with tba nex worrie, goes ot, " It wate well i; wera done qaiokly if tb astiaaiiinaiioo' oould trammel up the conséquence," Su Many readings have been given of thia passage, an mnob said on all, aides; we do not know but tbat Mi Sullivan's conception ia as (rood as soy. In tba sam apeeob, instead of " Vaullirg ambition which overleap itsell and fallH. on tbe other," he says " Overleaps il' selle and falls on tbe otber aide," The word selle bela a well-known abbreviation of esdaile or saddle. Thu in the old ballad of 81r Hew, . "Tben he polled ont ryng of gold and lighted from his selle." Tha non.ap pearonoa of Banquo'a ghost, la the banquet Beena, is pei haps tba moBt daring innovation on tbe convention! method of ptaoiog this ploy oh the stage. Whether it b oorreot to do so or not, we are scarcely prepared to aa] eertainly Mr. Sullivan ia borne oat in the omission b; what Lady Macbeth sais in lbs same soene; This i thu very painting of your fear, " This i i the air drawn dagger wbioh yon sai " lied yon to Dnnoan." Bealde that it has been argue by commentators that there should two gboatt appeal that of Banquo first and that of Danoan afterwards, en Mr, Bi Strutt anppartB tho argument by several portion of the scene particularly by the paeaagea, " Thy bone are: tnarrowleaa ;*' " Tbon hast no speculation in thoa eyes;" and " Take any shape bat that," whieb are «np posed to ba applicable to Duncan. By the omiaaion c gboBts altogetber, the difficulty ia certainly over oom t We are lorry to have to find fault .with anything bat tb snaohronism of a regulation aword worne by Sayton, ii the time of Edward the Confessor, is rather tco bad. XTOEUM THSAIIUS.-Tbe rr-operjing of thia Tbeatr on Saturday night, for the dramatis season, and tba ex protation of seeing to good a oompany in ao gocd a pita aa was, produood tbero, drew to it a vary large number o playgoer!, and the rosall wu an exoellent house. No were tbOBe who went disappointed' in their anticipations for from the ilslnfe of tbe ourtain until ita fall, the atton tion of tba audience was kept alive by exoellent aoting Tba play waa the beautiful. comedy of " The TJoequa Matob," Mles Joey Gjugenteim playing tbs pirti Heater Grasbrook, and exquisitely it waa played, nt clap'rap tri. ot, no glittor, nothing bot (anti! bar baa band's wordly lessons had taught ber to play a part goBtlenoBs and womat.ly iifieotloo, a Boom of JJmeabhem and deceit, end a gnilulem love of troth and nature. Anc after tba leeson ao incak-stod had matured into action the unimpressionable lititteur, tba oontemptuaua ant cutting politeness to her iiu-band and ber former rival and ber total . worldliness. of manner and senti mart, might well oouse. him to ask . bimsel " Gan this be my wife?' Certainly Miea Gongenbein hos achieved a ansieaa io Sydney, whieb wa trust is bo tba preouraor of one more lasting. Hr. T. S. Bellaii played the part of Sr. Botoh-rby most excellently, thi faithful and trae hearted frisLd, who even in hla exalter position as grand something or other to the Dake o Suidlili Slinkingen, doeB not forget his truth and hil honour, and who, being a Yorknbirem.au, ia ao impres- sionable on theaobjeotof horseflesh. Mr. Barfold playee tba part of Gr.zebrook io bis asnal capital Dunner ; enc Mr. 7. Younge, what aball weany of his Blenkinsop more than in bia own worda, " bit waa a hertrorny hexlent himperanation." Misa Morgan played Mra. Montreasor (tba sedaolive ayron wborobs Heater of her bBBbind] lathe calm and impressive manner whioh belong« to the part. Tba Slr Harry Araollffd of Mr. Lu hin waa a quiet and gentlemanly performance. The other parla wen well filled in, and tba while performance gora 'bi greatest Ratibfaotion. Tho ofierpieoo was a fsroa called " Seeing Younge." TUB LATE PIINCB OONSOBT.-Tha Prlnaa ConBort'i mausoleum at Frogmore ia rapidly approaching com filetion. It is orueiform in character of plan, baa a «eil n tba ornaairig, tba arma' going towards tba ca dina! points. The cell will be lighted by three eemlcircalar. beaded windows in its: clerestory, and decorated externally with polished, granite shafts of Aberdeen granite ; and it is to bare a capper roof,, to ba octagonal In plan, to be surmounted by a gilt eroaa, above a dwarf t>wer, B usa th thia will lie tba atroopbigaa of tba Prince, having upon ita top tba recumbent statue Baron Maroohe ti :a now at work apon. The exterior atufaos of tte wbolo strnoture ia lo be coated w<*h. granite* from 'Aberdeen and Guernsey, and wi'h different coloured building stones, the interior wi h variously coloured marbles and atenea ; tba whole, 70 feet high, and about ? be earns long, decorated with itatues. . -FATAL ACCIDENT.-A very melancholy and fatal accident occurred at Tarralla, Bungendore, on Saturday last, William Ingram Roberts, 16 years old, son of Mr. Roberts, manager of the Bank of New South Wales, Goulburn, had been on a visit at Mr. Powell's about three weeks. On the afternoon of the day mentioned the deceased, who was said to be an indifferent rider, obtained from the son of the laundress two horses for himself and a young lady who were about to take a ride. The horse the deceased rode was usually a quiet animal and had been previously ridden by the deceased ; but at the inquest it turned out that he had that day thrown a boy. The young lady and gentleman set off at a canter ; but the deceased's horse broke into a gallop, and con- tinued across the paddock at an increasing speed. The lady returned ; but the deceased was unable to control his horse, which, on reaching the gate, turned and made for the laundress's hut. Mrs. Smith, the laundress, was witnessing the scene, and saw, as the horse approached, that deceased had no hold of the bridle, but held by the horse's mane. He was screaming out "Oh ! oh !" and soon after came into violent contact with a tree, and fell to the ground. Mrs. Smith ran to his assistance, and found him Insensible; blood coming out at the right ear. and a portion of the brain out of the left ear, and bespattered on his coat. Deceased was taken to the house, where he re mained insensible till eight o'clock in the evening, when he died. Dr. Hayley was sent for, but deceased was dead before he arrived. On examining the body it was found the forehead on the left side was flattened, and the frontal bones very much smashed on the same side, tbe fractureo extending across to both orbits; the nasal bones were also broken, and a portion of the fractured frontal bone had bean driven in on the brain, thereby lacerating it, and causing rupture of some of the large vessels. The bones of the skull were said to be preter- naturally thin : and death was attributed to the injuries to the brain from the fracture. At an inquest which was held on Monday a verdict of accidental death was re- turned. " COBOBBB'S II»Q.UBST.-The City Coroner hold an in»1 âaeat on Saturday morolo*, at the -Ballway Bole), reorge-atreet Soutb, on. tba body of a maa named Frederick Field, aged 43 years. Deanaaed resided in a j small borne on the Camperdown Boad. He waa eabjeet to rheumatic paine, and gave himself mneb to the in. temperate nse.of liquor. On Friday morning. Dr. Foulis waa summoned to attend bim, and on arriving at tbe boase found it in » most filthy state, and deatitule ol furniture. Diseased was lying on some rag«, and in a atate of exhaustion, the result of neglect and indulgence in drink. Dr Foulis, seeing that tbere were nc means whereby deceased might reoaivn attention, ordere i bi I removal to the Infirmary. Whilst bring oenveyed thi>ber in a oab, be expired, and tbe body waa conveyed ! to the dead-house, Benevolent As»l tm. Verdiot-Died from disea-e, tbe result of habitaal acta of intemperance, .nd gross self negleot. MUBDBB.-Th- JftHIanrJ Mercury of Saturday says : William Power was brought brsfore tbe Bench at Earjt Maitland, yesterday, obarged on suspicion with bavng murdered en old man,' (name unknown) at tba Dog.'jip Hoad, on tba liverpool Boad. Constable Thomas Leonard, of Loohinver diatriot, from infoim«'io«i re- ceived from Ihe New South Wali-B Police Ga* tte ot 17th September, saw that a murder had been commi ted on the Liverpool.road, near the Dog-trap Boad; be be- lieves, in tbe Windsor diatriot. From certain informa, tion received last Tuesday, be apprehended the prisoner on Thursday, in the afternoon, in an out house of a publio.houneat Oeasoook. As he approspted the pabilo house in company with constable Harri», he saw a man leave the house .and go into the out.hoasa, a distance from tbe pablio-honse, whioh is kept ny a man-named Carroll. He and Harris were riding, bat not in uniform ; they went into theout-buuse, and found prisoner sitting down on a blook of**ood at the back part of tbe out- house. Witness Brid, "Whet ia your namer» He waa still sitting, and answered, " My name Is William Power." ' Witness : " Have yau 'been at or loft Wi*e. man's Ferry lately f" Prisoner i "I orossed tbe Ferry on Tnesday last." Witness : " Did yoo then go to Mr. Bullet'sPrisoner: "Ko, I did not." Wilnes»: "Were yon ever in: that neighbourhood et any time .'. Prisoner : " Yes, I have been to a plaee called: Watagan Creek." Witneaa : <. How far ie that place from Mr. Butloi»*, as I have just s¡.oke to bim f* Prisoner: "I don't know, but believe it is not very far." -Witness; .. Were you ever in Windsor F ' Prisoner : " Why, 'I'm. just coming from that dlreolion." Witnosi:. "I appre- hend ' you on suspicion of being the man' who corn* milted the murder on .the Dog Trap Boad some four or five montbB ago. - I caution yon; yon «sn, please your, self whefhir yon say anything or not; whatever you do say I will bear,in memory; it may1 be given in'evidence against'yoo." Prisooer: "Ob,' I've'been taken for tbat - morder before." Witness: «. Were Toa tried by . beriohf" Prisoner: "No; the constables let me;go.f Witness then B«arohed;bimj and found 3'. Od. o il v tr, and Od, coppers, a knife,, rasor, comb, scissors,* iee," sugar, three, handkerchiefs,! one'; obeok shirl,, waiBtooat, end Bundry articles of wearing eppartl, all/in a tick bBg .a d now pr dosed; they were-all lying io the vcr no dob of the pablio-honse,-and wben be brought-priaonor oat of tbe out.hodso be said, "Is thia your swag!'' bs an awerered, ?! Yes."Ï Witness:We'll now Btart for¿Mait iand.'f Prisoner t Can. '.'I- have a glass of trum betöre I start!" Witness : «.' Yes ; it will assist you to walk-you shall bave ooe; if you walk well, when we get to Bishop's Bridge, I'll giveyou another;" had been travel-, ling all .the ' night - previously. While on the road, prisoner, of his own aoeord, «old, * I know tbe m ard er yea apprehend me for' very well-I read it ia th» paper; but the day-that that murder was done, loan prove I was on the Murrumbidgee." He then; said eometbing in too : low a tone for witneta to bear ; be then tamed round and said, " You'll forgive, me for talking to ' myself-I've got a habit of it ; I never did murder in my life; bot I dil intend murdering'my' wife; however she's dead now; i .'J o good jab; it waa her brought me to' this.' Yon know my wife, constable,? Witness, bad told?bim wben apprehending him he wea a constable. Witness said, " Is her name Mr». Power f ' Prisoner: "Yes, that'll do, yon know her daughters also, they are my daughters, and they are all - --. But, as, bad as she is, I ' saw her in. my dream last, night;'it wes all ber fault; I may thank ber fortbin. What mode you toke me for this murder f ' Have you got a warrant lor me f lt oan't be me who did the mur- der ; it was : a lunatio from the' asylum-a runaway, at least, that's how. I read it in the paper; but I'u. well koona, and I oin olear myself." Savers! times be would talk to himself during . mile's w>lk, end as often say, " I beg your pardon ; you must not bc offended, it's a habit I've got." Witness gave bim a glaas of rom when tboy got to Maitland. He waa very oross wUb HsrriB, and said to bim, in witness's boating, "There's a reward for. thia crime; I'll take - good care yon shall never bave a penny of it; Leonard ia tbe man thtt took me, aud if ..there ia anything, I'll take good oare he baa it and not yon." Witness bad not told bim his name. This conversation was used before he 'got the aecood glass of rum, aod aft« walking five or. six miles; he Eeemed sober whon be was apprebeded, but had bad, some liquor. His worship told tbe prisonor to attend to the .; reading of tbe evidence, to whioh tba prisoner ' 'said ba WOB bard of bearing, aod would ' like to be near the oletk ; he was brought up near the bench,' and tbe evidenoe was read to ' bim, to all of wbloh he agreed, but that part referring to tbe crossing of tbe ferry. Constable Leonard to prisooer : To the best of my beliof you said 1 crossed the ferry co Taesday. I told you I was one of the three men wbo passed you on the mountains on Tuesday morning. I do not remember your ashing how far it was to the next house, Constable William H.:rr!a, of Black Creek dis- trict, deposed that be waa with Leonard on Thursday afternoon whoo bo apprehended the prisoner; bis evi. denae was corroborative of Leonara's. Tbe prisoner seemed angry at witness, but witness had not given bim oause. Prisoner said he bad known Leonard for years. To the prisoner : You did not say anything to me notil I was Rpeabing to Leonard, I bad no quarrel with Leo- nard, nor did I oall him an Orangeman ; wa wer« joking together, end then you commenced to speak. to ' mr. Prisoner was remanded until tbis day, to give tbe police an opportunity of obtaining information about him. TESTIMONIAL TO J. ALLMAN, ESQ.-The Maitland Bntign says :- On Thursday evening a moe'ing was ueld at thu Qlobe Inn, Morpeth, lor tbe purpose of presenting an addr.as to J, Allman, Eiq , J P., prêtions to his de uart ure from tbe diatriot toeaaume (be dation Of police magistrate at Goulburn. Tbere were over twenty gen. tlemen prosent on the ocoauion. On tbs motton of Mr, Wisdom, aeoonded by Mr. Jeffrey, J. B. B. Bobertson, Esq., waB oalled to tba obalr, The obairman read the advertisement oiling tbe meetiug. Ha said he bad known Mr. Allman for many years, and knew that he was a mun high y respected by all who were acquainted with him. He respected him as a brother magistrate; anti bad ot ways found him competent in tbe disobarge of bia duty in that capacity. They bad always consulted with oooh oibor harmoniously on all ? ooasiona. ,. He regretted Mr. Altaian's departure from tbs district, but hoped his lesa amongst them would not be felt. Aa tbe meet'ng had been convened for the beat method of showing their respect be wonld oall on some gonllaman to propose a resolution.* Mr. Portas rose to move tho first resolution. -Ile said bia friend Mr. AM. man was departing from among them without a single enemy. Hu had.oUloiatod BB magistrate' without pay, and be bed parfortnod that dutv In, a judicious end Btraigbt.forward manner. He ttougbt tbe addreia ought to be accompanied with a suitable testimonial, to which, bo would have muon pleasure in contributing- hil mite. He h ad great pleasure in moving tbs resolution wbloh bsd'been pot.into bis. hands-" That lt is expedient and fitting tbat, on the occasion ' of Mr. AHman'a departure: from Morpeth to assume the office of P.M. at Goulburn, an address ba presented to bi.» from the inhabitants of the town and district of Morpe b, in reoog ioltion of tbe valuable leivloea rendered by - that gnntlemtn in bis offlolent and impartial disobarge ;of the duties of a looal magistrate; a id expreas'voof tho high esteem to which bis conduot aa a piiveto citizen bas entitled bim, during a residence of many yeats in tbiB place." Mr. Sim, in sooonding tho resolution, said as Mf. Allmun was so .well known lo them all it wes unnecessary for bim tO'piBS soy culoglnm on him i he would oin'ent himsolf by seconding the resolution. Tho resolution was carried nnaulmonaly. It was next moved by Mr. Wbytlaw, aa l seconded by Mr. Wisdom, " Tbat i bo address to Mr. A Umsn be accompanind with a testimo- nial of a substantial oharaater, and that a subscription UBI be opened with that view." Mr. Pct tm noxt moved and Mri Riley seconded - "Tbat tho following gentle- men form a committee, to prepare tboaddroBS and other. WIBO parry out the objsols of the meeting, viz., G.O. Close, J. B. B. Robertson, J, Taylor, J. Wisdom, P. O'Koofo, Dr. Gally, D. Sim, O. E. Middleton, W. M. Ling, A. Tulip, W. Chambers, 0. E. Jacques, J. Wbytlaw, J. SoroRrjie, A. B. PorlUB."--Mr. Wbytlaw apologised for tho unavoidable ibsenoo of Mr. Sorpgglo. Mr. Riley suggested tin t the subscriptions bo commonood with al once After some appropriate remarks from Mr.JacquoB, it was proposed that tbo addrrsa bo presented to Mr. Allman on the ova of bisdopauqro from Morpeth. On tho motion of Mr. PortUB, «eoondeil by Mr. JacqueB, a hoarly volo of thanks was accorded to tba chairmen. Mr, Bobertson acknowledged tho oompliment. Mr. Corina waa sp. oinied secretary and treasurer.' At tb« aloso of tho meeting Ito sum of £95 IBs, iras oil 1 otoo*. DABISB- BoraLABV--About tm o'clock on Viiinj ..vening. las; tho «bop of Mr. Isaao Levi, jeweller «nd w-iehmeker, of George-street, next Barkhansra's Hotel, ,we« burglariously entt-rfd. a«d j-wellerr end watoaee to the value of over £800 abstracted therefrom. Thu burglars piaked the cater door loek by meso» of ? skeleton key, end tbe door oommaniaitiog with1 the «bop being famished with . only s common look the mi«, eresnts foand . bat little difficulty in spprosobing, and oarryiog off their booty. NINETY six. Oem CE OF GOLD TO A SINOÍE BOOKIT OF WASH.DIKTI-The Wettern Potf says:- On Friday list. Wetter Warner, nf Merrendee, waa fortúnate enonab to obtain ninetytia ounoes'of gold from a single bucket of wat>h>dir>. lt was obtained at tbe head of the old diggings, at the baek of GJX.'S, CriaketerN Arms, Merrendee, Lower Meroo. Tba sinking ia aballow, and there is plenty of ground. - The news qaUkly spread, and numbers ff diggers from different parts bf the Meroo j marked oatelaims. Tbe waah-dirt was- taken from the casing of a quartz reef, whieb will no doubt be shortly tented1. Tba gold was brought to < ur olfioe early on Monday morning, previously to its, being.deposited with the B .ok ot New South Walea. Tba sante party showed ns another paioel, weighing about twenty ounoes, ob- tained from tba cams diggings. THE CHOPS AND TUB WEATHER.-Tba tlait'ani äf. r. cary «aya:-The weather h.H, since the late raini, be< a htgbly favourable to vegetation.. Tue wheat crops look well on the farm« wbera tb« caterpillar |bid not made too muoh .-avec, though most of tba fermera tay their proapeota would be improved by mire rain. On por. tiona of tte wheat hods at Anambah, Stanhope, Hoi warra, Baveni-fiald, and Hillsborough, tba crops have been eaton, off by cattle, which were turned in when tbe wheat ap. eared lost beyond recovery. Ia most ease« of thia natara the laird bas been re loaghed for ma'ze, for whioh grain the soil ia now in prime condition.1 At Rosebrook, and fatma in tbe neighbourhood, tba eropa look remarkably well. From all we can learn, it aeema not unlikely that the yield of wheat next seaaoa fn tbia immediate neighbourhood will be nearly, if not quite, aa good as ibat of previoaa seaaoni. HiaUWAÏ POBBBBV: EXAIUNATIOH OV THE Pill BONBBs.-At Mudgee Polioe ooart, on the 6th Ootober, (aays. the Western Pott), Jobn- Price, alisa Snow, and Thomas Dillon.-Highway robbery with fire-arms. Thomas New stated that he waa a cattle dealer residing io Mudgee; be knew the prisoner 8no « ; on Tuesday be waa travelling with a< peraon of tba name of Mania on the Cobbers road,, when, as they, reached the end of Mr. BOOBB'S fence-at Guntawang, be saw tba twa prisoners a little oft the road, when Dillon nretendedto.be rolling -drank; las be p.asad he turned bia bead round, and, re- cognising one ol tba prisoner?, lie . T claimed lit bia fellow traveller, "-That la-Snow j"; aft h proceeding as.. far as Beady Greek they gai» their Lurnea a drink, and com- menced catering along; they had not proceeded more than'balf a mile when tba prisoners galloped along- side, of them; . Snow.: commanded i them to pull np, or ba would blow out their brain» ¡ upon reftiaing.ta comply, -Snow attempted to toko hold of witness's bridle; witness replied, ".Nonsense," supposing* tbat the prisoners knew.him; Snow .with OD oath said be meant it; tbey tben pol spurs ,to tbiir horses, and got ahead for about a mile, tba prisoners riding aller thom ; witnear, finding that his borae waa giving way, called out tn Marlin to tarn rbuBd, adding tbat he thin-ht they oouldbeat them; Martin did not atop, but galloped on and escaped; 'ha prisoner Snow then came np and laid 'bold-of his (New'«) bridle, and wrenched the whip out of bia hands ; in the souffl.*, witneaa pat kia abonlder out ;. Snow - then . told . bim to go into tbe bush away from tho toad; Dillon said be thought that he oould : overtake the other , as. be knew bim ; Snow then made bim dismount, and, took bim into the boab, wb ea be searohed bis pooket, and took from him two- CTJ pound end three one pound notos, hall-a- no veroign, and ten or fifteen shillings in silver ; Dillon repeated the search, and took bis watohand ohain, and fort! er examined bim to see if he bad secreted ni jrIbing mora about bim ; as they were about leaving bita, be asked them to give him hia watch baok and enough to poy bis expenses for tba night, when Snow said to Dillon,..-the watob, give it baok;" Dillon then banded it to. bim and balf.a.aovoieign; Dillon shortly afterwards^ altered .his mind, and said, " Tarn , ont that watoh again and the money-you have given us plonty of trouble, and you wanted the other oliap to turn baok and help ' you ;" he then returned the watoh and money f both parties bad . firearms when be first saw them j bis horse waa a dark bay, branded TI near shoulder, No. 0 under saddle; with the boree they tock a saddle, eloth, groat «oat, and a small ease; he recognised tba saddle eloth before the Court RB bis pro party, from amongst several others found at tbs pri- soner's hut; the valoa of the property stolen from bim amounted to «boat JG<52 ; when on the ground be took particular notice of ore of the oriaoners' horaes, and had ainoe seen it near to their residonoo ; he Bent a letter of information to tbe Mudgee police ; he did not mention the prisoner*' names ia it, having reasona for not doing so. The prisoners were bo h remanded for a week. : j 