TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOUR. An India-rubber omnibus is about to be invented, which, when jammed full, will hold a couple more. The man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. r Why are two fa like hops?—Because they make ? beer better. ' ' The captain of a ves?d is not governs! by hit sutc^ ' but a married man generally is. ? m The lady who caught cold by drinking water from a damp tumbler, ifl convalescent. "Itell yon, lore, I have got the plan all in my I head." "Ah, then it is all in a nutshell." Sugar of lead—A street pretty girl without brains. A grocer advertises in the following manner: "Hams and cigars, smoked and unsmoked. Thr only blusterer from whom a brave man will tike a blow is the wind. A schoolmaster in Ireland advertises that he will keep a Sunday-school twice a week—Tuesdays and ? Saturdays. When Sheridan threatened to cut off his eldest born with a shilling, Tom's quiet retort was, " Cuuld'nt you give it me now, if you happen to have I such a thing about you P" " No man can do anything against his will," said a metaphysician to an Irishman. MBe jaber, I had a . brother," said Pat, "that win! to Botney?ay, an' faith I know it was greatly against his own will." Lady Carteret, wife of the Lord Lieutenant, asid to Swift, "The air of Ireland is excellent and healthy." " For goodness sake, madam," replied Swift, ? don't Bay so iu England; for if you do they will certainly tax it." : A prisoner being brought to the bar some time ago, , to answer to a misdemeanor, told the prosecutor that he couli convict him of being both a thief and a mnr ! derer. Upon being required to prove his assertion, he said, " Why, you ugly villain, you killed a monkey and stole his countenance." ' Teetotal Chaplain, addressing an intelligent con" vict: " Well, what brought you here f" Prisoner: | " The sheriffs, sir." Chaplain: " But I want to know .if liquor had anything to do with it." Prisoner i . " Oh, yes, sir, they were both drunk." Exit Chap i lain. Bobert Palmer, the actor, was, in the early part ! of his life, a bill-sticker, which ciicumstanoe was 1 pretty generally known to the performers. One i evening being dressed for Sir Brilliant Fashion, he 1 strutted into the green room with sparkling buckles , on his shoes and at his knees, and a brilliant ring on [ his finger; one of the company enquired if they were | reaL "I wear nothing but diamonds," replied ' Palmer. "I congratulate you," said John Bannister. " for I remember when yon wore nothing bat paste." I This occasioned a war, which was heightened by Mrs. Jordan crying out, "Stick him against the wall, Bob —stick him against the walL" A Western OBmuitr Notice.—Mister Edatur: i Jem bangs, we are sorry to efcait, has deseued. He departed tins Life last mnndy. Jem was generally considered a good feller. He died at the age of 23 \- yean old. He went 4th without any struggle; and sich is Life. Tu Day we are as pepper grass, mighty smart, tu Morrer we are cut down down like a cow r cumber of the ground. Jem kept a nice stoar, which 1 his wife now waits on. His vircoevrs was numerous i to behold. Many is the things we bot at his grocerry. and we are happy to state to the admiring world that he never cheeted, especially in the wate of markrel, which was nice and sweet, and his surviving wife is the samo wa. We never knew him to put sand in his sugar, tho he had a big sandbar in front of his ? hous; nor water in his Lickura, tho the Ohio River . run? past his done. Peee to his remained. Heleres ? a wife, 8 children, a cow, 4 horses, a growcery stoar, | and quadrupets, to mourn hid loss; but in the j epalendid langwide of the poit, bis lots is there ? eternal gone.— America* Paper. The Mythology of Habk Lake.—The style of . the commercial reports furnishes the Spectator with, an amusing paper. Thus :—" There was a better \- feeling in coarse beef; tallow was languid in the fore > noon, but rallied later in the day; heavy brown I sheetings were lively." Surely this is poetry, if nob ". mythology. Are there not spirits in the beef and genii in the tallow bales? "Treacle is sluggish; . raisins animated, Sultanas have ruled firm; volatile oil lively, but olive dull on the spot" Then is ? picture in every word, a perfect wealth of impenona [ (ion. "Sultanas have ruled firm,'" carries roe whole 1 philosophy of government into the description of at simple commercial phenomenon. Or take again the L following of the cattle market:—"lnferior veal is , doll and drooping; some young calves moved off briskly; lambs met a dull enquiry; pigs unexpectedly , became bouyant" This transfigures the homely \ scenery of a cattle market with far more than ths> r imaginative power of Wordsworth. And when tho 1 market reporter says of "sugar*" that "crashed Dutch are flat but firm," the higher moral qualities of the mind are called in to explain, by a kind of ? political metaphor, the very ordinary fact of an un> \ changed price. [ Nonsense Vebses.—There is nothing so delightful as nonsense at the right time. We have just been looking through "A Book of Nonsense," by "Mr. , Edward Lear, an artist of some celebrity. It is a [ series of deliriously ridiculous drawings, illustrating ? doggrel verses no less ridiculous. Thus— j There was a young tarty or Norway, Who casually sat in a doorway: When tho door squeezed her flat, She exclaimed, " What of that!" This courageous lady of Norway. We cannot pretend to describe the expression of this | Norwegian young lady's countenance, as she suffers 1 her squeeze, in the drawing. As Homeric transla . ttonhas lately been fashionable, perhaps Professor Arnold and his rivals may be interested in the fol lowing:— There wan an olr person of Cromer, Who stood nn one leg to read Homer; I When he found he grew stiff, He jumped over the cliff, Which concluded that person of Cramer. Now we desire to draw attention to the fine spirit of nonsense in these rhymes. The book caught our eye : in a pleasant country residence not very ftr down the i South-Western lone; and one evening we all set to work to make imitative rhymes about the station* on that railway,* which a young caricaturist in petticoats i ten years old, incontinently illustrated. {Somebody 1 began at Waterloo— There was en old party at Waterloo, f Who Rave eighteenpenee to his daughter Loo ; fiat she ran away. And went to the play. Which grieved that old party at Waterloo. ' One more only— There was an old laly at Stainei. Who got in thm way of the tniiu. Which cat her in halt a.*d caused her to hash. That fanny old lady of fft????, — literary Bmdgeti 