WHAT BEFEL ME AT THE ASSIZES. I (from once a week.) Possibly there is no single mental attainment more desirable than the entire persuasion that we are constintly under the guardianship of a super intending Power of perfect w;?rlom and benevo lence, capablo of converting even the most trivial circumstance into an engine for the accomplish ment of His vast designs. So many anei so striking are the instances con stantly occurring of this wonderful fact of a Special Providence, that none but tho most thoughtless and unobservant can fail to be im pressed by them. I am about to give you an instance of one of these Providential manifestations. If I entertain any objection to its recital, it is because I am under the necessity of introduc ing into my narrative one of the most absurd and worst authenticated ghost-stoiies that you ever heard, and which, I assure you, I have no wish that you should believe, but which, as my story hinges upon it, I am totally unable to omit. It is now about fifteen years since I was com pelled to attend the assizes at our county town as the junior member of a highly respectable legal firm. Knowing that there would be several im pomiTu causes', uuaiutra uui uwii, auu lwu ui miuu cases on the criminal sice, which excitcd much public attention, and that thus the small county town would be overwhelmed with visitors, I took the precaution of writing — the night before my journey— to secure beds for myself and clerk ac the principal inn, where I was', of course, well known. The next day I took my journey, arriving at my destination early in the day. I found, as I had expected, the town crowdcd with people ; and, on going into the hotel, the landlord informed me that he had received my letter, but that to retain a bedroom for me in his house had been absolutely impossible, the hotel being filled to overflowing by other persons who had bespoken room3 before me. He had pro vided one small bedroom in a respectable public-house, which would suit my clerk ; but as to myself, if I would confide my sleeping arrange ments to his care, he would ensure me a hand some apartment and comfortable bedroom out of the house, and would convey me there in one of lii3 carriages. Being somewhat particular in the matter of sleeping accommodation, I thought it desirable to inquire more particularly where he proposed to send me ; but as he was much pressed for time, ho could only briefly acquaint me, that the room intended for my use was in a large, unoccupieei house standing rather on the outskirts of the town, and that the owner had been a man of fortune, which ho had spent neither well or -msely, and had been in consequence compelled to leave Eng land, The mansion itself, which had two or three half furnished rooms, had been placed by the agent at the disposal of the landlord of tha hotel on this occasion for the accommodation of such customers as he might find himself unable to re ceive at his own house. There being no remedy, I was compelled to submit to this arrangement ; and in a few minutes, the attendance on witnesses, consultations with counsel, and the usual prepar tions for going into court, put the matter entirely out of my head. My cause was third cn the list. The first was understood to be a short cause, which would soon be disposed of ; the second was a case relating to a water-course, which everybody knows to be one of the most tedious and lengthy of all imajinable ones ; this, it was expected, would be arranged out of court, in which event my cause would be called on early in the course of the day. Con trary, however, to expectation, neither of those probabilities occurred, and, although compelled to stay in court all day, my cause renamed un tried. About six o'clock, therefore, fatigued and men tall\\- ivearv. I renaired to the hotel, wherp. nftor a good dinner, and a consultation with our leading counsel, I found a comfortable fly ready to take me to my quarters at about ten o'clock. It is scarcely needful to add that my mind was intensely occupied with the coming trial, the result of which, from various circumstances, was of more than ordinary importance to our firm. It struck me, however, that the fly yes longer than I had expected in conveying me to my place of abode for the night, and this circumstance at length roused me from my preoccupation ; and, looking out of the window, I perceived that I had left the town, and was proceeding along a dark lane which appeared to have eliverged from the turnpike-road. In a few minutes the carriage stopped at a garden-door, which was opened by the driver, who then proceeded to let me out of the fly, intimating that this was the house where I was to sleep, and that he had brought th? key in his pocket. On getting out of the fly with my small port manteau, which contained, amongst other things, a considerable sum eif money, I 'found myself in front of a large old-fashioned house standing at the head of a desolate, neglecteel lawn. In a window on the first floor a light wbb burning ; that room, the driver informed me, was my bei-room. The house was locked, and he had instructions to deliver the key into my hands, and to assure me that I should lind everything very comfortable ; and that, iu the morning, he would bring the fly for me at an early hour to take mc to my break fast at the inn. Bidding the man ' good night,' I went towards the mansion, key in hand, pre pared to forget all troubles in a sound night's rest. The night was starlight — there was no mocn — the window, the position of the house and its character would have been scarcely trnceable from tlie distance at which I entered by the garden gate. As I advanced it became more defined, and the overgrown wilderness in which it stood gave it a decided character of desolation. Opening the door with my key, and again earn fully locking it iusielo, anel securing it with one or two rusty bolts, I went up-stair*, the light from a small lamp fi.xnd against ' the wall of the stair case being my only guide. As I ascended the staircase a momentary feel ing o! solitude flashed aerosa ;ne ; but my mind was too much pre- occupied, ami my br in too weary, to allow this feeding to develop itself as it might have done under other ciicuuistances. At the head of the staircase was a Ions coriidor containing three doors ; the handlea of the first two I tried as I went alung, and found both fastened. Tho third, which stood open, was of my apart ment. I dwell on these details becauss, trivial aa they may appear, it was precisely these slight observa tions which, I make 110 doubt, furnished the link of association by which astringe and old-lashioned story Wiis suddenly drawn forth from oblivion, and to this I probably owe the preservation of my life. This old neglected liou*e, the dark staircase with its heavy oak balustrade, the lofty cwridor T»-ith its dark i,anplnnf. f.lin lnnn- rmKP.a w with itq closed-up rooms, suddenly arrayed themselves in my imagination as the actual scene of tho childish tale of terror which, in my schoolboy dreys, had so often made me hide my hca I shuddcringly under th'i bedclothes, aud which had hidden itBelf, un recalled, in some unknown recess of the mind for upwards of thirty years. The room prepared for me was a largo and com fortable one ; two wax lights v/tre burning on the table, anel the materials for a fire had been left beside the grate. One — only one precaution 1 took before I got in'o bod — namely, to lo sk tho door ; this done, I was truly glad to lis down to sleep. To sleep d'd 1 say? — nay, but to lie awake, and court sleep in vain. The st iry I have alluded to repeated itself in its most muiuto details to my quickened memory, and kept me in the most wakeful of all wakeful moods. This stor^, M-ith all its puerility, I must now, without iurther preface, relate ' Once upon a time' — (this, of course, i3 the unvarying formula by which every similar story has ever been introduced from time imme morial) — once upon a time, there wa3 a clergyman who was, on some occasion, required to travel a considerable distance from home, through a wild and mountainous country, to take tho duty of a brother- clergyman. He was quite a stranger in the pari-h 10 which this duty called him. Be sides preaching a sermon, he had to administer the sacrament; immediately after which he set out on foot to return homewards, accompanied by some few of his hearers whose home3 lay in tlie same direction as his own. . It was winter time, and a snow-storm coming on suddenly, the cleigyman and his party lost their way. Arriving at a desolate-looking house, they de termined on asking shelter there for the night. They found the house partly inhabited by a man who carried on the trade of a potter, and oc cupied the lower floor. The upper floor was un tenanted, but the potter alleged that there was one room with a good bed in it, in which the clergyman might sleep. Is was accordingly so arranged, and the clergyman, wearied with his day's duties, retired to rest. He was awakened from his sleep by what sounded like a fashionable double knock at the liouse- door. This was opened from within, and, to liia infinite amaz.'ment, the clergyman hcurd footsteps, as of a large party, ascending the broad staircase, and passing along the lofty corridor, assemble in the adjacent room, whence proceeded shouts of laughter and merriment of a boisterous description. In the midst of all this a sudden lull took place. Startled and surprised as he had at first been, he was yet more so when he heard the door of the room, from w^ich the . hilarity seemed to pro ceed, open, and a footstep approach hi; own. Stopping shoit at his door, the visitor knocked, and a voice said, ' John Armstrong, open the door !' This was repeated three times, and tho startled clergyman not replying, the voice said, ' John Armstiong ! Open the door, else it will be tin worse for thee.!'' Now, as it will be recollected that the clergy man was quite a stranger in tho neighbourhood, and his name entirely unknown, the circum stance of his being thus addressed by his right designation, enabled him it once to determine upon the supernatural character of his visitant. Hastily dressing himself, and taking his Bible in his hand, he opened the door, and perceivoel a figure, attired as a footman, in liandiome black livery, who said he had been desired by his master to invite the Reverend John Armstrong to join the feast. The clergyman, on hearing this invitation, made a low bow in response, not so much, be it known, by way of courtesy or gratitude for the invitation, as to enable him the more accurately to asceitain the character of the inviter. It need scarccly be said that, on perceiving the cloven feet, which appeared in the place of patent-leather boots, no further doubt remained on his mind as to the quarter whence the invitation proceeded ; he therefore bethought himself of politely declin ing it, on the ground of ill-health, but the servant urging his request, and threatening the anger of his master if the refusal was persisted in, the clergyman saw no alternative but compliance, and followed his guide along the corridor to the apart ment where the feast was held, still grasping his Bible. On entering the room, what was his astonish ment at the splendid sight which now greeted him ! A vast apartment, superbly lighted up and filled with people attired in brilliant costumes, seated at a table which was covered with all imaginable dainties ! On the entrance of the clergyman, tho gentle man at the head of the table rose and camo for ward to meet him, and placed him in the seat of honour at his right hand. There was one small circumstance, however, at which the master of the feast demurred, and this was nothing less than the entire uselessness at such a time, of the little book which the visitor carried in his hand, and with which he resolutely refused to part. Finding his efforts unavailing to induce tho clergyman to lay aside his book, the host, address ing him by name, begged him, with a great show of politenesp, to join in their festivity, and com mence his meal. . On this, Mr Armstrong, rising with great solemnity, and holding the Bible in his out stretched hand, amid the yells, execrations, and threatening gestures of the entire assembly, said : — ' Lord ! I have this day preached in Thy house, and have administered the bread and wine of Thy salvation, and am i come tnis mgnt to eat witn devils? ' While he said these startling words, the lights faded away into darknesi, and, amidst shrieks and bowlings, the walls fell in with a crash, and the clergyman found himself amongst his friends of the morning congregation, no sign remaining of the feast or of the fiendish assembly. This waa the curious story, which would, in spite of all my efforts, now foice itself upon my recollection ; and in defiance of all I could do, it clung to me like Nessus' shirt ! Unless you know what it is to have been a victim in the solitude of night to the horrors of a perturbed imagination, you can have but a slight idea of the sufferings I underwent. My isolation, as it Beemed, from all human kind — my perfcct ignorance of the locality — and worse than all, the similarity of my sleeping- room and its approaches to the picture which my excited imagination had bo vividly drawn in childhood of the scene of those diabolical revelries supposed to have been witnessed by John Armstrong, all conspired to work up my feelings to the highest pitch of terror and excitement. And so I lay awake, tumbling and tossing ; until, finding sleep totally impossible, I resolveei on getting up, which I accordingly did. The act of dressing in a great measure dispelled the nightmarelike feelings which clung to me in bed ; but still I felt no disposition to return to my couch The lights were yet burning, as I had intended they should throughout the night ; and I sat down, having taken out my writing mate rieds, and determined to shake off the influence which had been haunting me, by writing down the story which my reason assured me must be mere fiction, and couldhave no existence in reality. This, you will Bay, was a strange mode of en deavoring to pass away the night pleasantly ; but somehow, I f incied tliatif I could once get it out on paper, and shut it by in my portfolio, I should make a clean breast of it — lay the haunting spirit in the Red Sea of my blotting- book, and_banish it altogether from my mind. I had reached that point in my ghostly narra tive at which Armstrong is startled by hearing a knock at the outer door, when — imagine my amazement !— I heard the echo, as it were, of that knock at the door of the house ! — a succes sion ot taps, as it seemed, made by the knuckles of a mm. So strongly was my mind imbued with the de tails of that strange story which I was writing down, that ray first impreBBion was that I should immediately hear the tramp of the diabolical visitant on the staircase, followed by the three taps at my door, summoning me to a ghastly fos tival pi epared below. I sat listening, — while my blood froze in my veins. A moment's attention convinced me that there were footsteps on the gravel walk outside ? the house ; and now I heard for the first time, in the dead of the night, that peculiar sound which those who have heard it under similar circum stances, can neverfoiget, — the whirling, crackling, crunching sound of a centre bit, apparently con ducted by a rapid and skilful hand ! It was curious to feel ho w instantaneously the ideal vanished before the actual. I knew imme diately what I should now have to encounter, and my nerves were at once braced to meet the emergency. Most gratefully did I acknowledge the Provi dence by which I had been kept atoa/ce, instead of being 111 that deep sleep which would have ren dered me an easy prey to the burglsr now about to attack me. My first consideration was as to my means of defence, ana the time which would be allowed h.e of completing them. I remembered, with some degree of comfort, that there were three he a try fastenings upon the outer door, and although I knew toe well that each must yield in its turn to the irresistible implement of the housebreaker, I calculated that some minutes must elapse befoie he could succeed in gaining an entrance. Suddenly the crashing sound cea?ed ; and for a few seconds there was a dead silcnce, during which my vivid imagination represented to me sis distinctly as if I had been an actual spectator, the brawny ann of the burglar stealthily intro duced, anei the bolt in tho procoss of being cautious'y withdrawn. For a moment I thought of imitating a clever and succcssful expedient said to have been resorted to by a person similarly attacked, who quietly awaited the introduction of the housebreaker's hand through his kitchen window shutter, and being provided with a powerful cord, in which he had prepareel a run ning noose, slipped it dexterously over tha hand, tightened it rapidly at the wrist, and fastened it securely at the other end to the leg of the heavy kitchen table, leaving his visitor outside to enjoy the dawn and early morning air, while he quietly returned to beel to finish tecuiely his night's re pose. But a few moments' reflection convinced mo that my best means of resistance were rather passive than active, and that I might more tafely rely on them. In the first place, I quickly ascertained that my room had two powerful bolts, besides a heaw lock. J I had contented myself on going to bed with turning the key in the lock, but I now endea voured to shoot the upper and lower bolts ; these I found very much rusted, but with the aid of a little macassar oil, 1 soon overcame their resistance. While I was thus employed, tlio work of the centre-bit was again resumed, and every move ment of the housebreaker was again before me I now looked round me for some weapon that might serve me in caie of need, and found a tolerably heavy poker, which satisfied mu that I had something besides bolts to rely on. My preparations for attack and defence beine now completed, I coolly awaited the next steo of the housebreaker, feeling something like a tortoise in his shell, or like Robinson Crusoe in his lonelv citadel. A slight lowering of the flame of the candle, from a current of air which rushed up tho stiircase and beneath my door, showed me that the burglar had effected his entrance ; ic another moment his footstep was on the broad staircase He stepped with the caution of one proceeding on tiptoe, with the least possible noise, but havine ascended three or four steps there was an an parent halt. * I knew perfectly well what he was doing, and the measured creak of the staircase thenceforward alo'e gave noti:e nf his approach with Bhoelesg feet. In spite of my preparations, it is impossible to deny that my heart beat violently. I reiiC(j however, upou this, namely, that the burglar being apparently alone, he would hesitate to at tack a man whom he found awake and vigilant and who, for aught he knew, might be prepared with fire -arms, or prove more than a match for himself in point of personal strength or courage only upon the supposition of finding me asleep and unprepared could he have hoped to succeed in his attack. The footsteps now drew nearer, and could be marked advancing along the passage. Tney came at last to a halt by my door, and despito of my internal assurance tha*. immediate personal attack upon me was impossible, I found myself irretistibly grasping my poker in unison with the grasp which the burglar cautiousiy mado upon the handle of my door. Finding, aB he probably had anticipated, that my door was locked, he lost no time in commenc ing his operatiocs, with a view of introducing him self into my apartment. The peculiar noise ol the centrc-bit recommenced, and the burglar no doubt thought all was going on prosperously for the execution of his nefarious project. I, however felt that I could stand this 110 longer, and thought it high time to let him know that I was awake, and on my guard. Rising from my Beat, and stepping heavily across the floor, I shouted in a gniff voice, ' Halloa, you scoundrel ! eloyou wish me to shoot you through the heacl ? Be off; for by Heaven ! if that hand of yours makes its appearance inside my door, you shall carry away a bloody stump. The ? immediate withdrawal of the centre-bit, and the hurried retreat of my enemy, satisfied me of the success of my threat ; and having heard the house door closed, and the footsteps retreating through the garden, I betook myself to bed (where, Btrange to say, I forget my ghost story), with the full conviction that I need apprehend no further attempt ; and I slept soundly during the few hours still left me. The hostler came to rouse me in the morning, bringing a fly ior my conveyance to the inn. When he found the entrance door unbolted, and the panels cut through in three places, lie expected, I believe, to find my thi oat cut as a disagreeable stquilur ; and was infinitely sur prised as well as relieved to see me up and dressed, and in excellent health and spirits. I told him briefly how I had frustrated the burglar's attempt ; aiLd as he appeared much interested in tho narrative I accompanied him to the front door, where be examined with much attention the marks of the centre bit with something ofthe air of a connoisseur admiring a beautiful picture or pieco of sculpture. ' Ay, ay,' said he at length, as if speaking to himself, ' the man that cut them holes know'd how to handle the tool.' So strongly did thia sentiment of admiration appear to operate upon his mind, that at the con cision of our journey (during which I observed that he was driving very abstractedly, getting twice locked with passing carts, and narrowly evading the massacre of a whole drove of young pigs) he informed me that he had invented two lines of poetry on the occasion, which ran as fol lows : — ' Whosomcderer handled that there tool, Nobody oughtn't to call he a fool.' He was evidently extremely proud of this effusion, and much gratified at my assurance that I considered it a very remarkable piece of poetry. Tho court opened at nine a m., aud previous to its opening I had much to do. Fresh -sitnesses on both Bides had come up during tho night — thoso onour own side it was necessary I should see before going into court. I had an appointment with counsel at eight. Altogether my head and hands were so full, that I hacl no time to see my land lord and narrate to him my adventure. Contrary to all expectation, the water case could not be arranged, and was now to be head before mine ; but aa it might still be settled at any moment, we were all, attorneys and witnesses, compelled to remain in court in case of such an event occurring, which indeed it did about mid day, and until eight o'clock that evening was my every thought absorbed in the conduct and con sideration of the cause in which 1 was engaged and which was now before the court. At half-past eight the court rose, leaving nearly the half of my witnesses unexamined, one result of which was that I should be compelled to spend another night from home. Having some misgivings as to passing the night again within the lonely houBe, I repaired at once to the hotel, and calling the landlord, related to him my adventuro of the previous night, and ex presseel my unwillingness to spend the night again in the tame quarters. He had heard the story from the hostler, and appeared much excited about it. In conclusion, he requested me to venture there again, accom panied by him jedf end the superintendent of the county police, who wnH at that time staying at his hotel, who had heard the story, and thought he had a clue to the offender. To this I readily agreed, and in ten minutes the landlord, superin tendent, and myseif, with a variety of creaiure comforts, supplied from the hotel, were on our way toward the solitary habitation. As we passed through the streets of the town the superintendent caught Eight of a policeman, to whom he beckoned, and who, after a few words with his superior which I did not hear, was admitted to fill the vacancy in our carriage: Arrived at the house, and the carriage dismissed, the superintendent, in company with myself and B 45, who, by the way, struck me as having an appearance of great stupidity, proceeded to recon noitre the premises on the ground floor. We found that 'the ostler had very judiciously em ployed a carpenter to repair in a rough way the damaged door. The landlord, who was well acquainted with the premises, mado the shrewd observation that the attempt must have been made by some one pretty conversant with the interior of the house, otherwise, instead of effecting an entrance by the tront- door, he would have tried it at tne u.ie.&, which was of much less substantial materials, and was more privately situated ; the fact being that from long disuse the bolts of the back eloor were so completely rusted as to be immoveable. All waa quiet within the dwc-llinsr, and having made all secure belowstairs, we ascended to my bedroom, where we intended to make a night ofit. It was chilly — we lighted a fiie ; the contents of the basket supplied by the landlore: afforded, as we found, most luxurious mi ans of gastronomic enjoyment, to say nothing of various long-necked buttles, which wore apparently much admired by the policemen, who proved to be great adepts at drawing corks. , Our occupation in this way having at length come to an end, discourse began to flag ; we flat round the fire in (silence, a single remark from time to time alone proving that tome of us were awake. As for me, in consequence of my previous night s disturbance and the day's fatigue, I could scarcely keep my eyes open. , . Hour after hour of the night thus passed, anel it was evident that we had all given up every idea of the attack upon me being renewed. ( Ihe candles had burnt out, but the policeman s j8'1' tern gave us sufficient light, added to tho slight glimmering in the grate. _ , Suddenly, and indeed in the midst of a good story ot his own with which he was endeavoring to keep us awake, the policeram stopped, like a hound who has struck a scent, aud dropping on his knees, listened with hid ear to the ground tor a The superintendent watched him in silence i I did the same ; and it wm now that it struck me how strangely I had erred in applying in my own mind the epithet of stupidity to this man, or he suddenly flashed into his own element, the per sonification of keenness and intelligence. ' I'll tell you what, sir,' said the policeman, rising from the ground, 'our man's in this room, or not far off, I ean hear his breathing, and if I don't mistake, he has a dog with him.' Drawing a pistol from an inner pocket, the superintendent very quietly examined the cap, which he took off, and replaced by one which he fished up from his waistcoat pocket. The land lord, who was a resolute and powerful man, also drew forth a similar weapon, while I availed myself of my last night's resource, the poker, threw a handful of wood en the fire to create a blaze, and now, wide awake, awaited with much curiosity, and some anxiety, what would follow. The policeman's bludgeon completed our defences. It must here be observed that the room was papered with a representation of leaves and flowers in a strongly marked pattern. Taking the lantern in his hand, the policeman proceeded to make a close examination of the wall, which by tbe appli cation of his l:nuokles he immediately ascertained to be hollow. ' We have a closet behind this, and must find the door,' said he. A rigid inspection fcbortly enabled us to do this, although it was concealed with great in genuity, neither lock nor handle appearing ; and the pattern of leaves and fiowera being bo disposed as to preclude the idea of any opening existing. Aided by a knife from the pupper- table the superintendent' threw open the doo. of the clGset, which as far as we could perceive was untenanted. A deep, dark, hollow space, however, existed on both sides of the door, in the interior of the wall ; and we felt that it was in one of these that we must now look for the object of our search. The superintendint was much excited; and disre gcrdinj a warning from B 45, stepped boldly within the door, lif'ing the lantern high above his neaa, bo as 10 enaoie mm io gaze iu.10 uio umk. interior. At the same moment, a shot was discharged from the recess, and the superintendent tell heavily to the ground. I was nearest to him, and rushed to hie succour : he was bleeding copiously from a wound in the thigh, and my effjrts and attention were so ab sorbed in dragging him beyond the reach of his assailant, and afterwards in endeavoring to staunch the blood by binding my handkerchief tightly round the limb, that I was unable to take any further part in endeavoring to capture the figure who now emerged from the closet, followed by a large white bulldog. This dog was shot at once by our brave landlord. The man, a power fully-built and truculent-looking fellow, made directly for tho door, fighting his way among his enemies with great vigor aud determination. At length B 45, with a blow from his bludgeon, laid him prostrate. He was then secured and handcuffed, and subsequently marched off to the county gaol. On searching him, a discharged pistol and a large clasp-knife were found on his person, ana tie was recognised as a criminal 01 a most ferocious character, who had been trans ported many years before for complicity in a heavy burglary, accompanied with arson, and attended with circumstances of great cruelty and atrocity. He was known to have escaped, and suspected to be in the neighborhood, where he had relatives and connections ; and as he had in his boyhood lived a? groom in the very house where we cap tured him, we were at once satisfied as to the means by which he obtained so minute an ac quaintance with the premises. A reward had been offered by government for his apprehension. It was eventually discovered that he had for some time been lurking concealed in one of the cellars of this house, where he had been supplied at night with the necessaries of life by his friends, and that he had been locked out of his lair on my arrival ; and he waa doubtless the perpetrator of many mysterious robberies, which from time to time had been lately committed in the vicinity. He wou d prol ably liavo both robbed and murdered me on the previous night, had T been sound asleep, in stead of recollecting, jnovidentially, as I must aiways consider it, the schoolboy -story of John Armstrong, and his invitation to the diabolical entertainment. The wounded superintendent happily recovered, and received from Government the reward pro mised for the apprehension of the felon. And as we frequently meet in the course of our pro fessional avocations, we seldom fail to felicitate each other on the fortunate termination of our short acquaintance with the burglar, from whom I had been thus twice strangely and providentially rescued. English Subjects -Ahuoad. — Any person who requires evidence of the Bolicitude with which England watches over and protects her subjects (says a French paper), even the meanest of them, in whatever part of the world they may be, will find it in the following occurrence: — 'At the last assizes of the Boueh.es du Rhone, two Eng lish sailors were tried for murder. The court appointed M. Bouteille as advocate to defend them, and they were acquitted. The English consul at Marseilles hastened to Aix to thank the a.voeate, and offer him his fee, which he declined to accept, and the Consul left with the two sailors, whom he sent to England. Shortly afterwards M. Bouteille received a case contain ing tho collection of English law's, in five volumes, richly bound, and bearing Queen Victoria's arms, and the inscription : — ' The English Government to M. Martial Bouteille, advocate at Aix, in re cognition of the talent, zeal, and disinterested ness, with which he defended its subjects.' ' LoLnrora roa Soldihus. — The idle life of the camps developes the worst features of this evil system, and the craving of the American appetite for such rubbish as sweet pies, nutcakes, sugar sticks, and the miscellaneous trash which in Eng land hoys throw aside with their tops and mar bles, is increased by inaction and example ; men acquire a distaste for their simple but 'excellent rations, suffer rapidly in health, and become in capable of enduring the fatigue and privations of a campaign. The quantity of sugarsticka con sumed by a single American regiment in a day is past belief, to say nothing of cakes, pies, sardines, peanuts, popped corn, pickles, apple-3auce, smoked herrings, and the inevitable tobacco and whisky, when not strictly excluded. The men would need the stomachs of ostriches to preserve their health ?under such an infliction. Their liberal pay — nearly 2s sterling per day, exclusive of rations — is frittered away before it is received, and their fa milies, when they have any, are thrown on public charity for support. — Canadian Correspondence of The Times The Effects of IIaste. — A friend tells us that he was greatly surprised some time since to find a gentleman sitting in a chair, with a handkerchief over his face, in the open space where they take tickets at the London- bridge station. On inquiry of one of the porters he was told that he had just dropped down dead in the room after running to save the train. It is not often that we see such an example of the effects of forced bustle thus dramatically placed before our eyes, but be 6ure that scores of persons drop down dead in the counting-house, or sleep the last sleep in their beds, from this very cause. True, there are some men who keep stop-watches, and who seem born merely to mark exact time, who are not put out by this daily struggle to fit their minutes ; but these are not made of tho finest clay — these are not overburthened with that nervous sensibility which is nevtr absent from high- class organisa tions, and may bear the fret with impunity ; but to the average, or better-class man, this kind of preparation entirely disturbs his equanimity be fore he puts his foot into the railway carriage. And here the worry of his nervous system only exchanges its moral for a physical cause. — London Jicui'cto. The Inciuf.st on the Hartley catastrophe ter minated on Thursday week in a verdict of ' Ac cidental Death,' accompanied with recommenda tions in favor of a Becond shaft and the use of 'wrought instead of cast iron for the engine-beams. —A meeting of delegates from the various colleries in the counties of Northumberland and Durham wa3 held at Neve castle -o/.-Tyne last Saturday, for the purpose of considering the questions affecting their own safety and welfare, which have been so strikingly suggested by the Hartley calamity. The various speakers strongly condemned the present Bystemof brattice-shafts, and it was agreed to present a petition to Parliament, urging that 'every mine, previous to working coal, Bhould have two distinct shafts — ono at the dip and mother at the rise.' The meeting also passed a resolution affirming that tha present number of mine inspectors was inadequate, and that addi tional supervision is imperatively necessary. — Illustrated London Newt, 15th February, 