THE GHOST THAT MY GRAND- MOTHER SAW. (From Once a Week.) One lovely summer's evening I was sitting with my grandmother on the terrace of one of those beautiful villas situated on the " riviera di Genova," overlooking the blue Mediterranean, t bad been reading Longfellow to her, for although an Italian she was well acquainted with Bngliah; she bade me read once more the " Footsteps of Angela," and it was after these lines— Then the fonnj of the deputed Enter »t tlie open doors The bdowd, the tnje-ho»rte<3, Cjtne to rUit me once marf, that I asked her—half in play, half in earnsrt-^ifhetbef she bad ever seen gbostP " Altro! figlia mia," answered ahe with a sigh, " but it's a story more than fifty years' old, and I would rather you did not ask me to tell it you." She seemed very reluctant to make me acquainted with it, but my curiosity being now fairly round, I grew importunate with my entreaties; it was some tirab, however, before X could prevail upon her to satisfy my curiosity, ana when she did so, her tale was so mixed up with matters wholly uninteresting to the general reader, that I prefer giving it in my own words: . My grandmother was tbe daughter of the Count di L ; at sixteen tbe Miaddalena was counted among the maidens of "Genova la superbaher band was sought by numberless youth* amongst the nobility of Italy, but wjr of ancient and modern times, had a prefer. vneei pta bad net at church tiie young and baadaoma Count F-i—tand abe had vowed .in ber little heart-that sh* would the yottag Oount might bave pacing op and down under tbe baloopV ofh« youth rid nM&a.; The Count di deem the young noble worthy of bis toea- •are. <"«» jmM,« h«l<had.be4he V M k ' ' -»I all**)* bit&fcer; to faita aha intended to impart her tittis aecmbHrin htdhmg waited for m return trom Bol^/WftAer Ob benewknt^nUt* bad gone, to be pnaenl. at » *-CkNMisbKio.V- « •Oue morning »he received a long latter f*Jto blm, infotvOng her of bisapproadiing iwinl i on Jthe evenuig of the^mc day the fia^ily iwere aitting at auppta-, for vn tium days the owning meal had taot yet lWw«-the/n»me ^^ainoer." 'they were ^JT/M iTSe wpeotation of the arrival of the kind-liwirled Oardiual. aiid Muddalelia especiaUy so, when they were sturtleJ by the sudden entrance of an acquaintance, whos<? countenance showed he the bearer of ill news. " Had they heard," he asked, " what had happened P"—All answering in the negative, he replied that tbe young Count F bad been murdered an hour ago; the assassin had fled; more no one knew. My grandmother tells me she heard the news without a single cry or groan; she bora it all. Sick at heart she rose from the table, crossed the room to the door almost unnoticed, for all Were eagerly discussing the fatal event; ahe even curtsied to the one guest who opened the door for her, but now she reached her room she cannot tell, —she remembered locking the door after her, and kneeling by her bedside, where she relieved her breaking heart by a flood of passionate tears. Site wm in that state of taintness which comes with exhaustion from extreme weeping, when the bell of San iLorenzo began the firat peal of nine—a terrible sensation came over her, and yet she could scarcely realise the truth ; could it be that that voice she was in the habit of hearing every evening, at that very hour, call her by name, had been stilled for ever 3 —that he whom ahe had aeen only the evenuig before, full of life and hope, was now lying dead,—killed by the hand of an assassin. Slowly t te church clock finished striking tbe hour, and tbe silence which it left behind brough t an indescribable pain to the heart of poor Maddateoa; she was too weak to prajr, but slowly raised her weary eyes to the image of Ahe " Madonna," placed in the alcove opposite to where she knelt; when, suddenly, she heard a voice calling her, " Manin," the same voice which called her every evening at that same hour. Oh! the idea was maddening! She rose, parted with both her hands the hair from her fevered brow, mid listened, her heart beating and her feet nailed to the floor; her limbs stiff with horror. She listened, and again the voice called " Manin!" and a third time again, " M*nin!" but she did not stir; she sat on her bed, listening for the sound of that voice, bnt in vain she waited, for the voice was not "heard again that night. Her nurse came soon after to the door, and the noise she made in her efforts to gain admittance rouged my grandmother, who ran to tbe door and let her good fostermother in. The old woman had heard of the sad event, and was full of sympathy for her young mistress, who, she saw at a glance, was nearly prostrate with sorrow. She entered into the particulars of the assassination of the young Count with all the garrulity of her kind, saying that never had fairer " cavaliere" fallen'victim to jealousy, for, added she, it must have been the cause of so foul a crime—some one who loves you too well has ordered this deed. Maddalena concealed from every one the knowledge of the voice she had heard. The following day passed slowly, and with impatience did she await the hour of nine, when she thought she would tear that voice which at least reminded her of the dear friend she bad lost: it was a link, though a slight one, thought she, between her and the unseen world whither he had gone. Was it really his voice she had heard, or that of some one cruel enough to desire to keep up the delusion ? She would judge with her own eyes. Again did she hear the clock on the following evening strike the hour of nine; but again the sound of that voice,'which she|heard once more call her by name, troubled ner as it had done the evening before, so that she did not dare to goto tbe window: a cold shudder came over her. —she felt as if about to die. " Bnt, cars nonna," said I to ha 1 , " why did you not go to the window and see who called P" "Figlia mia,"she replied, pressing my hands in hers, " non mi sentivo corrJggio. For seven days following I heard that same voice, and I began to fear that I should be haunted all my life with the sound of that voice. I prayed fervently for strength, and on the seventh day I determined to judge by myself if indeed it were an apparition. I shall never, as long as I lire, forget that evening. When the dock had completed the last stroke of nine, I heard, as I had done on the proceeding days, myself called by name,' Manin!' I-took my rosary, and with a beating heart walked to the window, I looked down and saw him—the young Count F , who bad been assassinated wren days before, under my window. He raised his. face to me, and though deadly white, I recognised him in ah instant. I was afterwards told that t uttered a lound shriek, and was found stretched senseless on the floor of my balcony I recollect nothing further of what passed until I found myself on toy bad in my darkened room, with anxious frees around me, my hand resting in that of my beloved uncle. I saw on my uncle's face how ill I had been. It was some days before I was allowed to ask any questions. I then learned that I had been long and dangerously ill. I reoollaoted all about Count F——'s assassination; but when I told tny -uncle that I had seen him, he smiled, Mid gently told me it was the effect " Was it sa, do you think, grandmamma P" asked I. . . . ' My daughter, were I to die this moments,' she answered, with enerey, "I would swear that I saw the ghost ofCouat I knew that my grandmother's marriage had not been abappy one. I s?ked herif she had ever discovered of £he perpetcatorpf this crime. She grew very j i . j ' ^ a cold kiss on my forehead, saying " I did, soon iftfcr'your fether's birth; bat atkmt to fdl itg^f Mr. F. T. jiueklaad pves aeaiioai account, So a weekly pwtodteal,ofialyeocb slant, M. Joseph Brisk who is now eiHIblUBg himself In tbeotttroixdli.., ®t i« SO tall that when he called oo Mr. ^aeklaud, at lbe Albany-street bsmdta,»'th*troopbot»ssshW«id«n)rtedat htm, though they art pfstty well accustomed to tail men." XAOguirfemt n of ft t highest suture ean walk under bit outstretched arm and not touch It far some ioebtt, and when hli arms are Wtonded bis stretch messure* DO lew thati 95} iaehe* M. Brioe Is "a joli wreo*"—a very nioe" glant lna««d—posiessefl of ths best of good tempers,and quUe the rever* of tbe dls- —-esitiC) quatrdsdme monsters that gianti are Mlly suMwssd to be. HU exact helght is tobe 7 feat 8 Inches. .. jM' 