TOE AMENDED TARIFF. j Tabi£ or Vurnx. Onhams,bacon,lard,butter, caudles,dicese cocoa, J chocolate, chicory, nuts, walnuts, ginger, | almonds, |«p|)er, pimento, liquorice, mustard, ' blue, arrowroot, macearoni, vermicelli, tapioca, One penny per pound. On soap, Starch, ehai. One half penny per ' ^I"!"" 1 - | On nee, sago, pearl barley, white load, red lead, paints «r ever)- description, carbonate of soda,! soda crystals, One farthing per pound On gunpowder (cxccpt blasting), tartaricacid,citric jtad, nutmegs, mace, cinnamon. Two pence per On vinegar, cider, peny. pence per gidlon, On oil of all kinds, Cexccpt wliale ott), turpentine, varnish. Six pencc per gallon. On in buttles reputed,uarn Is. 6d. per *' " " ™ ditto pints Is. per dozen. And at these rates upon any greater or less quantity of snchgoods, wares, and merchandize respectively. On all olher'noods, wares, and merchandize not herein or otherwise chargcd with duty, and not enumerated In the table of exemptions or otherwikc cximiit, a duly of ten pounds per one hundred pounds on ihe true and real value thereof at tlie port of entry in this colony. TAni.t OF fcXEMTTIOlfB. Agricultural implements of all kinds, (iuono, and other manures nf every description. Wheat, oats, lnriey, make, hay, bran, beans, pus, oranges, lemons, pine apples, grapes, green frnlt, and vegetables of every description. TrecB. plants, shrubs, bulbs, and aeeds of every description. Flour, oatmeal, bread, and biscuit. Horses, cattle, shcqi, pigs, calves, poultry, dogs. lanpty casks, coses, and boxes. Empty bottles, corks. • liar, hoop, rod, slice), plate, and pig iron. Galvanized, iron, ghost or piping. Zinc, sheet or piping. Nails of eveiy description. ,. . Anchors, chains, and cables ofevety description. Copiier or yellow tuetal, rod 'bol olts or aheaflilng. ' "' C felt for sheathing. ' Oakum and junk. ...... ... Sail canvas, rope and twine. : , 1 l'itch, tar, luid resin. '> i- Whale oil, whalebone and whale fins. ' ' . Whaling implements, and ftaar fit cvoy tdescription. ' Ships' blocks, binnacle lamps, signal lamps, compasscs, sluuddes, sheaves, dead eyes, dend lights. Boats, oars. Beef, ]M)rk, and liiiie juice. jSacks, bags, xrodpacks, and lugging. Printed books, printed |iapcr. - Pai«r and books of every description. Printing presses, printing typos, and printing Ink. Maps, charts, globes. Organs and bolls, specially imported for churches and chapels. Passengers 1 baggage tuid cabin furniture. Coal, hides and skins of every description. lUmber of all kinds—round, hem, sawed, unmansfaictuted in whole or in part, fire wood. Lead, sheel or piping. Tin plates, iron pipes, iron tanks. Canpowder for blasting. Slates, cement. Thllow, soda asli, caustic soda. Whiting, chalk. Wool, flax, hemp, tow unmanufactured. Woiksof art,™, statues,basts, casts of marble, bronze, alabaster, or plasterof Paris, uainlings, drawings, prints, engravings, lithographs, photographs sjiecfnirnB of sculpture, cabinets of coins, medals, gems, and all collections of antiquities. Speclniensijfnatnralliistory, mineralogy, or botany. ' Ores of all kinds of metals. , Gold dust, gold bars, bullion. Gold, silver, and cuppcr coin. ' Philosophical instruments and apparatua. ' Fire engines, steam engines. pumps, and other apparatus for falsing water. Bristles, and liair used in the manufacture of brushes. Fire bricks, cottonwastc, candle cotton. Salt, Saltpetre. Iron bridges, iron fcncing. The Ministerial scheme is at present so far from being devtdo[ied lliat it is impossible for us to say wliat drawliadu will be allowed. 