HOW I BECAME A CRICKETER. (By one of the English Eleren; in Bell's Life in Ficttria.) Ayyounger son of a younger son, I found myself at the age of twenty-six, with a pro . fession, a very small income, and no practice, but hoping still, as others had done before, I studied on, always sticking to the office to bo ready for any business, should the god dess of fortune think fit in one of her freaks to favour me with so desirable a commodity, -which she at last did. I got a beginning, nnd if 1 had worked and studied hard before, I now made myself almost a slave to my pro fession ; for was there not in the distance the prettiest pair of bright eyes — combined with . the most lovely fuce — that I somtimes in my wildest dreams hoped at no distant period to coll my own ? But all ' work and no play makes Jack a dull boy' — and the author might have added a sickly one too — and so, after two years of intense mental application, I found myself one evening riding homo to my little villa, by Eennington, feeling alto gether unwell, though unable to discover the cause, my appetite was, pretty good, my sleep unbroken, but somehow in the morn ing I always seemed to wake more tired than when 1 weut to bed. It so happend that this evening I found, on my arrival at home, a note from my friend Newman, (a young doctor, whose acquaintance I had made at college, and had renewed upon finding that he resided in tho same locality as myself) in viting me to spend'tho evening with him, his wife having gone to visit a relation at Col chester. I accepted the invitation joyfully, for I found myself certainly in bo humour for study. We were old friends now, as he often ran over to spend an evening with me — as he said—to cheer me up in my bachelor ' lodgings. After our usual greeting of ' Well, old friend, how are you ?' — a ques tionj of course, which we never answered — frewmah asked, in bis jocular way, if I had swallowed a ghost, ns I most certainly looked like one. 1 took but little notice ot the re mark passing it off by sayiug, I supposed a hard day's work had made me feel and look jr' a little tired. We spent a very pleasant ? evening, and I roBO to take ray leave, when Newman, looking at me seriously, and be ?'r* ginning with tho preface that he hoped he had now known me long enough, not to be * misunderstood, told me in plain words that I wn8*«n%qrkingjnyself, and that if I con tinued to 44.so mu§h longer I should soon ??'be;U«tibW(^4 -ty anjbwork at all. I admitted ' that 1 did not feel well, althougbT could not account for so dding ; nndbeggcu his advice as to what course I should pursue, and that ho would prescribe for me — to which he re plied, ' No ! no ! my dear fellow, 1 don't want you as a patient, ^for I could do you but little good. The disease suggests its own remedy.1 Close confinement in an office all day, acd closer study at night, suggests .at once relaxation for body and wind — ex- '?erciso and plenty of fresh air.' 'But my .'. dear follow, how am I to get these; I am too poor to keep a horse, and if I take walking . ? exercise my mind is continually at work on ' my last readings.' 'Certainly that is an ? objection, and although there are many other ?' ways of iittoining the object, the right one does not ut once strike me. Billiards would .employ your mind, and give you exercise, : 'but the close atmostphere of a billiard -room I should certainly not recommend; - Rowing : would be better, but that has the objection ;:-?: of. not on^r being nearly as expensive ryj. :tOB howe-keeping, bu£ jnlso of being, if .-.-.anything, rather too .violent an exercise in ,; ,your present state, the continued exertion \- being, I am confident, more than you could manage with any degree of pleasure to your \- self.1' ' I fear it would,' I exclaimed, dim recollections of blistered hands, &e.; floating before mo.' ' I have it,' he cried, ' I have it, old fellow — just the thing — can follow it t at your own time — no tides, grooms, or any J^tfi|ng else to wait for — can leave off when \i^n 'i?el tired, aud be close to your own door. ; ^ij&icket;'s the thing, my boy, cricket; play .:. *ine game, and I'll stake ray professional re , putation that, with two or three hours on al ternate days for a month, you will feel your self a' different man.' ' But, my dear follow ; I don't know anything about cricket, ; I never playod a game in my life.' ' That is no reason why you should not learn,' ho re plied; 'and you remember Boles, our old ?college tutor at the game ; ho is living in the . ' neghbourhood, and would only be too happy 1 to give yon an hpjir or two's tuition at any time.' I did raoRmlJer Bales., but in an other field than the cricket field (having had no tflsto for the game), for it was he who had shown me my first partridge, and many : a good day's sport we had had together — and \ I liked the idea ; so, promising to give iljb .matter serious consideration, I bade him 'goodnight and was soon at home and fast asleep. It so happened that the next morning, ' . walking (for I had at once determined to walk ?'instead of rido to the office) into town, I . :*f:jaret Bolos who had a short time before re .'(&ewed; our old acquantance by employing me '::in my professional capacity in some little % business iu which I wus fortunate enough to -'sucoed. After some conversation (remem bering Newman's advise) I arranged to meet him tho next afternoon, at a well known ground in tho neighborhood, he promis ing to buy for me the necessary but, pads, '. anli gloves. Behold me now nt tho up \' pointed timo, in company wi th Boles, orri v ? '»::: iugr.i4.Mlio ground, whore, he said, he had ^.;^oqpital wicket for me, where ' I could hit -'^ to leg.' I nodded, giving him to tnider stnud I knew what he meant, though if he ha;l 'ispukeo Cingalese he could not have puzzlcdv hio move as to his meaning. After i soino-liult) difficulty in getting on my pads, and a'mirrow escape of falling on my nose, in consequence of my awkwardness, I siood iu front of- the wicket: thero were,. others ..-. on the groun.d, but as they took no notice of us 1 did not caro, ,' Boles wan jstion in readiness, with tho shirt sleeve of his right nrm. tucked |as high^'aB he. could conveoi ently gut it, nud a new bright red ball, in his bund. Thinking that all was now in readiness, I endeavoured to place myself in the most approved attitude, looking on either side of me at the others practising, and coppying them as nearly as I could, when I was asked by Boles if I didn't ' want guard f ' — another of his Cingalese phrases, which was explained by Boles telling me to hold my bat upright ; having done which he informed me it was the ' two off*' (still more puzzling). However, by Boles imi tating the motions of the hand, used by captains of the river steamers, I was at lost got into position, Bolos telling me I was all right as I had got the ' two leg/' I cannot say that during this time I had felt anything like comfortable. Once or twice I had a flying ball wilhin an inch or two of my head, while another had hit me fair between the two shoulders, giving me a pain there something liko rheumatism; but I would not be daunted, and having seen a fresh neighbour hit the ground two or three times very hard with his bat, I thought I could not be wrong in doing bo myself, especially as I thought it gave me a spice of confidence, and I hoped might be some in timidation to the defiant Boles, who now, after calling ' play,' I perceived, was run ning frauticolly towards me, for what pur pose I wondered, when suddenly stopping short, turning half round, extending his right arm* quickly, as if throwing the ball at some one practising about thirty yards to the loft, he stood quite still looking at me. At the same instant I felt something, for I cannot call it seeing (to describe it rightly, would be to say I felt I saw it,) pass with terrific foroe through my legs and the wicket, Boles at the same time exclaiming, ' that it was very close to you sir.' I quite agreed with Boles as to the proximity of the missile to* my shins, and said as much to him, when I found that ha had meant not close to me personally, bnt to the wicket I was supposed to bo guarding. I was now determined that the next bull should find me a little better prepared ; and keeping my eye steadfastly on Boles, who went through the same maniacal performance as before, I watched the ball leave his hand, and coming, as I supposed, to nt least a foot the farther side from the stumps, and stepped outj accordingly with the idea of hitting it as I had seen the others do. What was my surprise to find that the ball, on touching the ground, instead of con tinuing in the same direction (as by all the laws of motion I had reason to believe it would), took a nearly opposite course to that it had before, and, coming directly towards the wicket, rising at the same time, struck me a tremendous blow on the fleshy part of tho thigh. I could have cried with the pain, and should certainly have stopped uwhile to rub the injured part had I not caught sight iu the same instant of Boles, who in his blandest manner said, 'All right, sir; five ounces and a half cun't hurt you ; the next time, sir, keep your bat .a little more upright,.and (allow a little for tho break.'' As to tho first part of this small speech, though I said nothing, I beg ged to differ with him ; and tho latter was so much more Cingalese, though I half guessed that the break must mean the peculiar direc tion which the ball had taken after touching the ground. Smarting under the pain, I placed myself again in position, to look out for the next ball, determided, if possible, as I could not have my revenge on Boles, at least to have it on the ball, and with that in tention again stepped out, and hit viciously, as I thought, directly at it. To my great disgust my bat did not meet the resistance* I had expected ; and, turning half round with my intended hit, I saw to my still greater surprise that thi stumps had evidently been disarranged. This sort of thing continued for some time, only varied by an occasional hit of more or less force in various parts of my body, with a bull played by some one of our numerous companions, the general re sult being that on nn average about every al ternate ball bowled me out. Being tired of continually refixing the stumps, and noticing also that more than the averAged number of spectators were looking at us, I quietly suggested to Boles that if he were to bowl not quite so fust I might stand a chance of hitting tlie^baU now and then.- He acquiesced, and proposed I should now try a low ' slows.' This boiug arranged, I wont quietly back to ray post, or rnlher three posts, and found that, although I could now seo tlie balls' with much greater distinctness, I wni further than ever from hitting (hem, for whoa I stepped ont to do so they had always passed :' me, and when I remained as Boles calls it ' at home,' 1 inva riably knocked tho ball direct into Boles' hands and that always when I thought 1 had hit 'it* with sufficient 'force to send it to'tlie'-bther side of the ground ; and getting enraged at this did not tend to improvo my play, so that eventually I was bowled out twico run ning. Boles now gave me to understand that it was a rule amongst cricketers/ that whenever three wickets were bowled in suc cession, the bowler was entitled to a now bat, informing me nt the snmc timo that the lusi few balls I hud played much too forward. Anxious to suvo tho forfeit, I daiertnincri if possible, to affirm my former error, nud for that purpose stood within my ground, und getting well back to make a vigorous hit nt the bull, which wns now close upon me, I brought my bnt down with full force upon the brass fertile of the middle stump, split ting and otherwise damaging it, to the great amusement, of the surrounding crowd, and ray own chargrin nnd annoyance. Giving Boles, to understand I had find enough for that day, I quickly resumed my usual bubili monla, ana scarcely acknowledging the ' Good day, Sir,' of the worthy Boles, I re turned home and lost no time in doctoring 'my bruised body, vowing inwardly I would forfeit any sum rather than be found on a cricket field again in any other capacity than that of a looker on. Tho '.stiffness I experi enced next day was something horrible, though I found my aptitude for business much fresher than it had Ueen for many weeks, which I doubted not to be the result of the fresh air and exercise I had taken. How I afterwards became a cricketer, by the untiring advice of Newman, and the zeal of the assiduous Boles, I must leave for others to tell ; suffice it to say, I am now a member of three clubs, and one of the first eleven in each. May everyone meet with my success, and derive as much benefit from the really good old game. 