NATIVE SUPERSTITIONS AT WANGANUI. (From the Pandanus Chronicle. I WHEN the expedition recently up the Wanganui, on a geological survey, returned, they reported that the natives were much engaged in killing lizards, in order to obtain which, they were cutting down useful and ornamental trees, such as the beautiful and fruitful kanaka. This curious proceeding took its rise at the head of the Wanganui, and has been gradually travelling down the river, until it has reached this neighbourhood. Doubtless, many of the settlers have during the last few weeks, seen large bands of natives, of from 100 to 200 in number, walking in single file, along some route, which no reasonable motive could be thought of for their taking. Perhaps a short statement of these mysterious movements may be interesting, and such a statement of a ceremony that took place some days ago at Kaitoki Lake, about two miles from the town. It appears then that the natives of this river are at present afflicted in various ways. There has been great sickness among them for years past; fishing has not prospered this season and various other matters have been adverse. They ascribe this to the anger of their ancient deities. These gods they have not wholly cast off. There is still a lingering feeling of venera- tion for them at the same time they are not wor- shipped as gods. Therefore, they are angry, and have brought these afflictions on their backsliding votaries. The natives think that it is high time this power was brought to an end, and that this may be accomplished, by finally and for ever abjuring these areas (gold) and making (magic arts and worshipping alone and undivided the true God, these gods must be destroyed as well as cast off and the natives are going about the country collecting them for this purpose. They are found in the shape of lizards, Bpiders, &c.; In this neighbourhood they began to collect these objects about a month ago, and on Saturday, the 1st instant, there was a large gathering of natives at Nairobi to witness their destruction. About the middle of the days large number of lizards were brought in in bottles which were hung on a fence surrounding a small piece of ground about six feet square. A priest took the lizards out of the bottles and examined them carefully. Some, he threw away as being lizards and nothing more. Above twenty of them he returned to the bottles, with the exclamation, " This is for us i" intimating that each of these was an area. A fire was then kindled in front of the fenced square, and a large iron pot hung over it. A number of articles of apparel, and other things, such as wooden a fire), we, were, at the desire of the priest, brought forward and burned. These articles were supposed to have been captured along with some ground in the neighbourhood, from which, by this ceremony, the tops was now removed. The lizards retained in the bottles were then emptied into the pot and burned to ashes ; the remains were then emptied into the fire, into which potatoes were put to be related. When the process of cooking was accomplished, the priest invited all who were sick, or who had sick relatives, to come forward and receive a potato, which would be an infallible cure. No disciple of Holloway could have outdone the bystander, in credulity, and a general rush was made for the potatoes, which will no doubt do some good through the force of imagination. The gods that had been caught being thus destroyed, the tape removed from the land, and the diseases caused by the areas cured, the proceedings of the day were brought to a close by the reading of the Church of England evening service with due emphasis and solemnity. During the ceremony there was a good deal of laughing and joking, most of those present seeming to look upon it as a piece of fun, notwithstanding the solemn declarations of the priest, that what appeared to them only haste less lizards were known by him to be powerful spirits, | who might wreak their vengeance on them if despised. The same ceremonies have been going on in other parts of the district, and were only brought to a close in the middle of last week, when it was supposed that I a full end had been made of those evil spirits, which had been causing so much trouble _ No one who remembers the faith which even yet i lingers among the lower classes in the home country in fortune-tellers, in ghosts (and this superstition is shared in by the more educated classes witness the "Night Side of Nature," c and fairies, can wonder that in the short period during which these people have made a profession of Christianity, these superstitious feelings and practices have not entirely died out. The wonder may rather be at the en- lightenment which causes most of them to look upon these ceremonies as calculated to amuse and excite laughter, rather than as to be regarded with venera- tion and awe. A SON OF LORD BYRON IN THE AMERICAN ARMY. The St. Louis correspondent of the New York Post says This war has had the effect of bringing many strange characters into notice who were not supposed to exist, and of presenting human nature in a novel and often romantic light. A queer one, calling himself Captain George Gordon de Luna Byron, who is said and believed by many of his acquaintances though he does not claim it himself-to be the son of the noble English poet. This captain informs those who question him on the subject that he is a near re lative of the author of " Manfred," but refuses to enter into any particulars respecting the connection. Some of his friends insist upon it that the Captain's head, eyes, hair, brow, and nose, bear a striking resemblance to those of his putative father. If Byron were half as handsome as he is painted, the Captain has deteriorated ; but still there is resemblance enough between them to build belief upon and those who know the bard's liberal views, and not less liberal practice, in what are sentimentally termed affairs of the heart perhaps because the heart has very little to do with them will not wonder that helm a son almost everywhere, even in the army of the United States. The Captain has a thorough acquaintance with all the details of Byron's life, as well as of Shelley, Keats, Moore, and most of the modern English poets, and relates many interesting anecdotes that have never appeared in print, He declares that Byron, while in Spain, was clandestinely married to ft noble lady of the old family of De Luna, and that the fruit of this marriage was an only son, the Captain himself, though he does not say so. The discovery of this union, through certain letters, by Lady Byron, in England, caused the separation, about which so much mystery has ever rested between the poet and his second spouse ; the true reason for which the proud and injured woman pertinaciously refused to divulge. The subject of this sketch went, when a youth, to England, and obtained a position in the British army, and served as mayor for some time in India, He afterwards visited Persia and filled some official position there; returned to England, and after the breaking out of the rebellion concluded to enlist in the cause of the Union ; having inherited the same love for liberty that characterised his distinguished father, and sent him, in the full blossoming of his fame, to die at Missolonghi. The Captain, who is about forty-five years of age, modest, unassuming, intellectual, and highly cultivated, but rather bizarre in manner, began to write the "History of the Byron Family" some years ago ; but after completing two large volumes without reaching the poet's grandfather, he suspended his labours for the adoption of an abbreviated account, which is to be given to the, world at some future day. So much for the captain, his statement."!, and the belief of his friends. His stories are by visible enough, and may be true, as those who know him believe they are. I give the brief history as I have heard it from various sources, thinking it would not be without interest to many of your readers. A STOPPER A renowned clergyman of Lincoln- shire lately preached rather a long sermon from the text " Thou art weighed in the balance and found wanting." After the congregation had listened about an hour," some began to get weary and went out : others soon followed, greatly to the annoyance of the minister. Another person started, whereupon the person stopped his sermon, and said, " That is right, gentlemen ; as fast as you are weighed pass out " He continued his sermon at some length after that, but no one disturbed him by leaving SUICIDE IT GUNNING On Sunday morning last a man, named Robert Brown, hung himself. The unfortunate man was an old resident of this part, and used to make Mr. A, Fisher's place his home. On Saturday night Brown eat his supper and went to bed; and on Saturday morning Edward Fisher got up at seven o'clock, and found Brown lying head. He perpetrated the deed with the copper of a side-saddle, In the stock-yard; the crupper had broken, and Brown had come to the ground, but his neck must have been broken. Goulburn Herald, Qi-EANnnvA».-A proclamation appears in yesterday's Govern must Gazette declaring the building at Queanbeyan, now known as the watch- house or lock-up, to be a public gaol, prison, and house of correction, . 