KAPURDA. [From our own Correspondent.? January 17. The hush fires alluded to in my last did no other damage than destroying the feed. The one fat Bolvidere was extinguished just as it had entered a stubble paddock; had it spread much further the result might have been disastrous. The Rev. Mr. Russell was expected to hare delivered a lecture on ' Ghosts,' at Crase's Room, on the 10th instant ; but, from some unexplained cause or other, he was prevented from attending. Mr. Needham acted in his stead, but, unfortunately, the number was small, the number present being not over 20, which may be accounted lor by the heat of the weather. The past week has been excessively hot, being almost insufferable for man or beast. On Monday a case of coup-de-soleil occurred, at the Mine, to a little boy who was driving the whim. He was immediately taken to his home, where, under skilful medical treatment, he is fast recovering. Wednesday last was the most unpleasant day we have had this season \- — hot winds blowing as if coming from a furnace, with the usual accompaniment of dust. The ther mometer stood during the day at 108 ° in the shade. Without fear of incurring ' Lucy's' displeasure, I may inform you that the different denominations here' have not been behindhand with their other brethren throughout the colony in holding their special religious services, and, considering the heat of the weather, they were generally well attended. The Bible Christians held their missionary services on Sunday last. Mr. Forster, from Mount Torrens, preached both morning and evening to a large con gregation. On the following evening a public meet ing was held, iu connection therewith, under the presidency of Mr. N. Thomas, who, with several ministers and friends, delivered interesting and appro priate addressee. The harvest is drawing to a close, but the yield will be considerably lower than was expected at the commencement of the season. I find that a criminal action for libel has been in stituted by the Hon. T. Reynolds against the editor of the Northern Star, for some comments on the evi dence of J. W. Litchfield, an insolvent, in his exami nation et the Insolvency Court. 