THE LACHLAN. fjntOX OTTO OonrtESPOICDBHT.J - I MABOn ltStn.-Oar escort this week will rather astonish yon, Q( tba metropolis! as it convera above 10,000 oz9. (Ven, thousand onnoeaj and leaves 8000 oza. in tho oamp tofwibt x>f oonveyanoe. Of a truth have " the good old times* returned in mining matters, and Bilinara! 7s .riva led, soon to bo eclipsed, and thrown into the ahsdei hy 'the long bidden treasures of the Lachlan. About 120 botes are all, as yat bottomed, and not one-half of those «faims bava washed a single load of " stuff." To men* Sion Bomo patobeaoatof bnokets, and single michinos c/ twenty loads eaob, would astonish the oldest of tho genus diggers; and, aa actually half bnokots of gold aro Boen handled, and sighed or gloried over daily, we shall seo a stampede set in towards this quarter unequalled in tho annals of digging. Soma difficulty am to traoing tho Victoria lead onusod noTlittle discussion during the past week, end two meet- ings to solve tba question wore held, and a wish oz. pressed tm the part of tho Viotoria load tra a to stop the farther working of the Caledonian lead until tho doubt as'to ii* being an integral part of the Viotoria lead bo «leored up, seeing the Viotoria lead is the oldest ocoupied <rf the two. The proapeotora of tho Oaledonfan washed eight -pounds on 'Friday night, out of two or tbreo buckete; end -«hates are up to £400 eaoh, near the upper end. Thia lead will no doubt rival the main lead, one of the old .blook claims of which has yielded ¿50000 sterling per man, some of whom are boc&odfora; passage home per ovorlartd mail I ' Contrasted with our teeming prosperity, the doings of . tho congregated soouudroltsm of New Sjath -Wales and "Victoria in our midBt, 'form a reproooh to the powers that be, seeing the Government are-drawing weekly from ' this embryo gold-field, a revenue of over Ü15-00, in tho '«notions of gold duty and lioensea alone, ia return for .whiob there is not the ghost of Boy equivalent either in 'the shape of polloe.protection, edaoation for the yoong, »or provision for tho nick. It will ba said, '.. But remember the polios force re- signed, (ko.," and " We did not calculate-on tho lachlan proving snob a rich region,-acc.» Tho answer to the first may be, "<¡»a yon expect big muscular bobbies to remain in the force at a dollar per day,.whon boys obtain . more for a couple of hours shepherding:? " And did not the Empire, -months ago, call the attention ol the Government to the necessity of providing for require- ments of the nonning great event ? The mail of yesterday, from Sydney and Bathurst» via Orange, waa stopped by tbreo armed men near Waagen, distant some eighteen miles from here, where some scrubby 0 ountry aifordB good theiler. They were proceeding to rifle the passengers, when in the nlok of time up rode a policeman, and being without ammuni- tion (aro tboBe men stinted of powder and ball i) like a gallant man, obarged them sword in hand, making the rascals take to the scrub in double quick time. That chap deserves promotion, ss be oertalnly did his duly and in tba pluakieBt manner. Oar newly raised J.P.' Keiran Cummins, Esq., was shortly before bailed np . by the samo worthy trio, and oleared his road with a loaded "neddy." On« of our publioans, night watohman, waa bailed up in the rear of tho premisos of the Commercial Hotel, on Friday niiht, but on his drawing a sword and stand- ing at bay, tho villian eanfronting bim ozolaimed " ligbt about fsoe, quick march I " and tbon took to hin îiools. The Commercial Bank baa now an ngonoy here, and ss wa stand foremost in the list of gold.fields, shall have a stampede of bankers aa well aa others, Lacblan-ward. 