The news '? Amorie m i:f: r.o t! i-ihr. r.'irnn-'e mvnv of our wlem, who looked fur nothing Wss than an account of the su'-jugatiou of the Secession States. Previously. the Federals were carrying V|,.,r lu.i.iro mem tr.o southerners II i 1 1 1 c 1 i i Ir an every strove lwt of defence, and j when n collision did tatfb plaeo, the for- j tune of the day was against the tvbeis : j in hj'-.l. it did le.'k r.s if the spirit had j been i:noL-i« d uttt i.t ti.cm uy tnetr rn- peated reverses' b ali by sea and land, j A ti n l \u i l \ u ) water— the ghost of the Alenknao has j disappeared, and with iav the South has j ceased to command ur.y iaihienec eveu on j her own waters — Geutr.il M'Ckdian was, to all appearance, marching to victory ; tnis Ntmoleon nt tno Y est. with ills van /orces, threatened a speedy discomfiture to his oi poucuts. Between Lint and Richmond, a battle fat ght, and the r- .ad was open. The ilouiVderaio genc-rul was' engaging now and again, munce ivevitig. and retreating, actually giving up, without a blow, strongly entrenched ground, and retiring in some unknown direction with all the fallowings of ids army. This was not without a deep design of generalship, a movement to effect the most powerful concentration, and it does not seem to have been penetrated by the Federal ebiof. Whether it was or not is now of little consequence, stem facts have set aside conjectures, the successes of the Confederates have altered the present and future prospects of the campaign. Five ' or six days lmrd fighting intimate the de termination of the nppusing parties ; the fearful less of life oil both sides indicates the inveterate spirit with which the Gght was sustained. In this series of battles, for so it must have been, if the Federals left their dead and wounded on the field, and spiked their guns, and burnt their gun carriages, and retired, tlioy were " whipped," whatever President Lincoln rntiy say to the contrary ; and if General APPk'lIan'was forced to take up a (position behind the gun-boats to save his army frmn destruction, he lias been most soundly licked. And if'Presideiit Lincoln has been necessitated to call up a rein forcement, of three hundred thousand men, the conclusion is, that a disastrous defeat has in the: meantime been suffered. !l taring this prolonged cng.igeiivvtl be- t'-ecn such inveterate enemies, the slaughter must have boon Lame:, e. /.Inking every allowance for exaggeration, and imperfect informal ion, the work ii death was clearly great. J Jut as to the i losses mentioned in the telegram being so ; numerous in dead, and formidable in I prisoners (a division at. least) >>'c demur, until we know more of the battle in re ference to artillery and cavalry. The battle of Albulicra was a skirmish in corn- p irison ; and Waterloo a kind of in significant slaughter-field. F.ven the t.iuve awful days of Leipsic are eclipsed by these American onslaughts ; red ns for the eight or nine days righting in the Pyrenees between Souk and \Vol- Ihijiton, they are not, for bloodshed, to bo mentioned in the same breath with tile six days battles on the " Chiekaliosniny." What is to coine of all these terrible col lisions ? There is no decided progress made to a settlement ; peace is further off than ever. Very li i tic impression lias been made on the southern territories. Too. occupation of New Oilcans, coupled with the outrage:. us proceedings of the unmanly Puttier, tends rather to excite the feelings of the Southerners to despe ration. One of the worst features in the case is the southern guerilla destruction- iris of cotton and other property ; it is easy to see what will come of this in the long run. Will the Alorillus, &a.;, of Spain play a similar game in Ame rica? It is more than probnliic that this will happch, ami that the in vading army will be compelled, in order to uphold its communications, if it be able to advance, to sifrriGce a good deal of its available force, and then not be unmo lested. Tliis " difiii tt'ily " between the Northern and Southern Stales is more , and more complicated ; and it is not for lis to say how or wb.cn it can be healed. ( tie thing is certain, the American Union can never be n.st.uv .1. There will be two States, instead of one. The gigamie republic cannot now covet and realise. Washington cannot now expect to stretch its sceptre from the far Not lit to lite- far . - li wutn. 1 he great A licnean continent ' < was never destined to be stva.ll >wed tip by ' I a 1 1 I i t f u I t v 1 t 1 I emus. lie re ii ii:im,hi.':v« us aubuam lias been snqqied in its course ; and per--; haps it is well f-.r the well that it has ! been so stoppen. V, e ti us:. l: iwover.. . that, litis conies', of blood, ami, we shall say, revenge, nicy ha shortly bro -:g';t lo ' an cud. it cur-mi the countries where it ! is raglmr. and it interferes with the co n- j mcivl.il w.i-lfarc- of the civilised would. J i no victory ot Loaurcenrd. or the victory of M'Clellr.n. is a small niu't.-r ; but the contimtanre of the quarrel is it Us; to the interests of miili'ms ami millions in Fuivpe. Tt wili he interesting to know wit.-tb.or France and England will adopt any p.ic'tbe measures to settle the Ameri can " diiiicu'ly," and stay that stream of deadly enmity which is ruining the theatre of its imniediite action, and spreading di,-trc-ss far a:rj wide through out tne w add. t 