: *mii raWx.vigs. Witslrcs,.'. fairies* spcctws, oracles, fciijl sccoml sight-, having successively lmd their tiny-, a liew | delusion wuu required wherewith to interest tht public mind, and behold !. .tiro AvsoVt is supplied. The new muifo-staticm Ooiiaitfs iii 'rappings. America hire tlie merit of discovery, or at least ol yerfocting this ghostly 'wonder- '-Etiglaail, on the; 'occasion of the Cookhwe ghost, was favoted with Vuppings to a Tospoctatw: extent } caul «vcryuoiiy ? Allows that Aiittccoaufabic sounds of lite rapping ?geiises iiavcfrom time 5mmemoiH.il -been tH- sur. : ?signal of domestic calamities. lint all these oc ?Casional- and Arbitrary demonstrations of something ttre only the sKrafelriiig forminni- rs of -the .grand spiritual battery now in operation 'in 'the United ?States. 'Ovev the 'Whole country rapping goes 011 ?as a 'national institution. -.Every town of -any sise is provided Avitli - a 'circle of believers 'to whom rappfng -is vonclrshfcd. Philadelphia alone has ;300 s'iicli in'ystic circle?, r.nd altogether 'the States J tiro said 'to have -30,000, each with its ifCleiidnnt 'spirits, all of 'Whom arc Tapping most indtisiiiously 'for 'tlie -edification of -a credsluus public. As 'rappings rtve -iprobiibly about -to begin mi n.i -equally important scitle eff finginnd—1 Tor 'tliey will 'be suro:to -Come if sought. fur— it may ba 01' use 1 ?'to say a? :wjl\1 -beforehand ^X'speeiing -tlwir nm- j 'r.ceuvre's. 1 Happiiigs-coinmcnecd'in-Air.ovica in'wlnft may! ;be 'called 3. legitimate' manner. '-Que night— in -theyear 13!t7, the sound of si ; 1; nocking lit the 'strcift doer 'was hear;} in 'the house of -a Mr., '\V'(;ekmt!ii ili'tho'Village df Hydesvilk?, Wifyne; 'County, St;Ro eSf New York. When 'the' door; 'was opouell nobody Avas-to -be ?seen. -It Ayas im-j 'mediately -shut. -Again -a loud knocking -was'l \- heard. Opened 'once :more-; 110 one 'was'visible/ l-'rom this'timcrappings Ivy invisible -ngoaey was' 'carried 011 in a very strange way, much to -'the! :-1nnoyanee of Mv. '-Weeku-a 1 ; and -for/.-this or 'some other cause he left the 'house, when it 'became occupied hy Dr. iJulm D. .Fox, -and -his.' 'family. Mrs. 1'Vs, and -the -Misses -Fox' have' \- ever-since hud --wonderful ! things ;to 'tell of the* spiritual world, and have become ' the accredited1 ?mediator .prophiti^sses of. the rapping?. ' Mrs i'ox'a history of ihe Tapping Hcmoristration -.-ii; quite as good' as Defoe's account of .Mrs. Veal's 'ghost. Late on « Saturday 'iiglitMn -March '2.848, she proceeds'-to-siVy, '' :we-.coneluded''to-.gc;to bed 'early, and not let the. noise disturb- us-; if- it came; ?we thought we would -liat miiid it-, but try' t6:'get, -?a goptl'iiiglit'a- rest. My husband' hatl net ..gone' : to bed Avhen ive -first heard'tho noise on' this ?evening. ►I-bad.fjuSt.1 kin ? down. It commenced: -as -usual. I knew it' from -all other noises I had ever heard in the ht'usp. The girls -wlio-slept in -the other bed in- the room heard-the-niiise, -and -tried to1 makb'a siinllur one ~bj- - snapping 'their -fingers. The youngest girl -is-about twelve;years \- 'old.. 'As -fast as -she ? made- the 'noise -with- her . ^'iingers' the ^ouud 'was' followed 'up in the room. . ''It -^lid-not sound different =at that' time, --only it inadc,tko-sairie; -number of sounds ' that, the '' feirlj did.; iWlicn rshe Stopped- the eoundi'itself- atopped for a short time. The either girJ, -who is - in her fifteenth, year, then spoke 'in - sport, ^»nd sunt' ''' \Now, -'(lo just as I do ; count -one, two, three,: 'four,' &c.;,;striking one -hand in tho other' at the 'sainc time. The blows, which she made-were ' ^repeated ?«s-before. 'It -sppeared t to -answer her 'by . repeating every blow ; tlu'it she .made. She. ?only did so once. - She-then' began'- to'- be- startled ; -'^iiii^Iira^i^dj:c;-and~said -to '? the noise '' count ten and the»:it made 'ten 'strokes on noises. : Then I asked* the -ages of my different children ? successively, 'and 'it-gave a number of- raps corres ponding to the ages of my- children. I' then asked 'if it ' was a human being that was making the riioise,-niuf.if it was, to make -the -same noise. There -was no noise., il -then asked if ii was a 'spirit,- aiid; if it-was, T.o - in an ifest.it by two sounds. ? -'I heard 'two -scunds as soon -as- the- words 'were ? spoken. ?I thwi-eskod -if an iiy»tred spirit, to give ! me tho sound. I then heard .the rapping dis 'tinctly. il enquired if 'it was injured in this house. It, rapped. Was the injuri-r living? Same ?-aneivcr pand furtherainderstood'that its remains' ?were buried 'under 'the dwelling; -that it was. ?tliiriy-onw lyeara of age — a male, — and hud-left a tfamily of live children, all living. Was the wife' fliviiig'? ' Silence. IDead-I? Happing. I low long , - -since? :Two raps.' \- ' -Attention being now paid to tlie rappinss, it :was 'foiind 'that they could be'methodised, and lrules 'Yornied 'for 'their interpretation. In this ' ' iiie'w spirit language a single rap signified 'yes,' slid the -answer ' no' was indicated by silence. 'The spirit being asked 'whether it would spell out \- a reply if-tho -alphabet were called over, it rapped . .an affirmative. This was a, great step in advance. ? A ,printed -alphabet 'being laid on the table, a .?person pointed to each letter in succession, and. ?on arriving at tho required letter a rap was heard. The -querist. 'then 'j-ecommenced until each letter ' ??coinposing'The answer was signified. -In this way . ' .names and sentences were slowly spelled out, iniuch 'to 'the fle'Iiglit of 'the -auditory. When the, 'spirit wanted the alphabet it always gave five ; Taps. -Another feature iu the manifestations was ?soon determined. The -epirit appeared to have a .ivill of its own, and would answer only through a ?favorite interpreter or medium. If the medium -was 110't present tho spirit was exceedingly 'taciturn. No medium got such ready answers ?as Margaretta, one of the Misses Fox, aged 11, , and it was considered to be a strange circumstance that -when '.part of Mr. Fox's f-imily removed to :: Boehester, this girl included, ' the sounds accoin paiiied ?thein.** Whether tho spirit lia'd been accidentally packed up in the trunks 110 one could tell. The sudden arrival of the manifestations at Rochester created, as may Le supposed, an im mense sensation. A public meeting was called to ?consider what should be done ; and, a committee having been formed to make all necessary inves tigations, several learned dignitaries took tho matter -in hand. It was of no use. All failed to arrive at any satisfactory solution of the mystery. ? J11 November 1349, the lappings had attained-' a singular pitch of audacity. -Acting on the ag * gressivo they signified that the Fox family lad a duty to perforin, and onght'to propagate a Is'unw-t ledgi^ of the r.c.v spiritual manifestation. The fame of rappings was consequently uomided far' and wide, and reverend divines' crowded to the shrine pf 'which Mri. Fox and her three daughters ^-CV^wj;„wor.)_-y!U jn- sgste^scs. The ujual method of in \--h« spirits was for a select p.u t.. to as* iemble round a tabl-e, and to pilt and receive an* ? swers through a medium ; and tl.ws vk-rgj-men, literaiy men, yoitiuj men, an l others watted tht ? ghostly rewhi-tioirs in awe-struck sileiKx-, The ; llev. C. llamraixid in 4iis -test-iinouy to *l?c rap- : , pings, nwntious that the ?pu-i's -tlvl not always , coiifiue themselves to raps, but sourcliiiK's pro- i , ceededtu lift the tables, and knock the f«r:iil\u c about 111 a very KUUftls way; rU of ?which wasi vastly cnteitainiug and snggeAive, lie says : — On the thft'il visit 1 was si'lertcd from a half dosen of f entleisqn, and directed bj these sounds to retire to another «|-art.mctitl in company with the three sisters and their aged mother. It was abi-ut. engirt; o'clock in the ?evening. A lighted candle was placed «n 11 Juvge table, and we seated ourselves artnnd it. I occupie.l t.ne side of the table, the mother and youngest daughter the right, and two of the sisters the left-, l-j.wing .the op posite side of the labia vacant. O11 taking our positions tire sound;- were heard, and continued to multiply and lucome more violent -until every part ' of the 'room trembled wkh ithoir demonstrations. They were'rwilike a 113' I had heard hence. Sud denly, as we wore all resting 011 the table. I felt the side next me move upwards. 1 pressed T-pon iii heavily, but -soon it ps.ssed out of 'tlie reach of: I 'Us all full sis feet from me, r.nd ;it least four from , ?the person -nearest to it. 1 s.iw distinctly it4'po-: ?sition'; not a 'thread could have -connected it -with any df 'the company without 'tiy notice, I'or -I had come to detect iinp-isiti-m, if it could be found., Iu this position we remained till the queStiou'was asked, ?' Will 'the spirit move the'table back v. here it was before ?'' 'wheirback it-caiiK; us 'though it; werccavvietl on the head of -some one 'who 'hud not suited his position 'to a perfect equipoise, :the. ? tho balance being soinetimes in favor of one -side and!theirthe -other, but it regtiined it first position. The reverend -testifier adds-that any oi'tliecom pany could have performed these 'things, undtir ' the'circumitaneesiit-which we were-situated would require -a ..greater stretch of credulity ou my part 'tlwu »it would '-to helicve it was'the work of ? spirits. ?The Mi's s Fox, and a manied sister named Mrs. Fish, now visited New York for the. purpose ,of spreading the faith, litre, tts un 'Rochester, every conceivable test was applied in a manner to satisfy the most sceptical, but nothing like 'trick -tjoukl-he'iMujited. ^Fashion taking the 'thing up, rapping circles were formed and hosts of people entered into1 the delusion. -Parties were made to go and'ha-ve-en'' eVeiiingV\ itlrtiie spirits.' She.des of fathers, mothers, -children, and other relatives were'cf:l!od-up in a very friendly way 'to reveal themselves,, and answer tVe questions that were put'to'tbem. 'At imo of -these Seances, a 'certain ?Dr. J.' W.- Francis determined to have a chat with tlio spirits ; 'and' no sooner did he propose himself thair he -was -welcomed with a .general roll of ?knoclcings from'thc mysteiious agents, who seemed to'claiin him as an old acquaintance. The fol lowing is' the account of the colloquy — ' With his ; proverbial urbanity, seating-himself ;rs if he were 'atitlie bedside of a patient, Dr. F. asking in terms ofHho most insinuating blandness whe htlier the spirits vould converse with any member of the company? Woufd-they-vouehsafu'to speak, tt) his illustrious friend tlie world-renowned au thor, Mr. Cooper ? Would they converse 'with the great American poet, Mr. Bryant? Would they gpealvto-so hnrublc-an individual as himself? Loud knocks 'Dr. F.'ihon -asked, fixing 011 a per son, -Was' he ail American? Was he an 'Eng*' lishman ? Was he a Scotehman ?' The knocks were loud ami-unanimous. ' Was lie a merchant? AVas he a lawyer ? Was lie an author ?' Lou-! knocks. 'Was he a poet T' Yes, indistinct knocks. ' Wilhyou'tell his name-?' Here the spirits called for-'tlie alphubet'by sounds intelligi ble to the ghostseers. It 'then spelled out B — u— r, — when the company indiscretcly but -spontaneously 'interrupted by crying out ' l'obert Burm-.'' This was the true answer. Of course this was very astonishing. But something 'more strange 'to ''follow. Notwith standing that the spirit had declined to enter into' conversation with Mr. J. Fenimore Cooper, who, alas ! has since joined the world of -spirits, that . gifted. person 111ade.au attempt to hold a discourse with theT.nscen guest. He was at'lengtli listened, to, and so the conversation began—' Is the per son I inquiie about a relative ?' Yes was at once indicated by the knocks. A near relative?' Yes. '' A man ?' 'No answer. A woman ?' Yes. 'A daughter? a mother? a wife? No answer. ' A sister Y'es. ill*. G. then asked the number of years since her death. To this an answer was given in rapid aud indistinct raps, some counting forty-five, others fifty-four, &c.; After considerable parleying as 'to 'the manner in which the question should be answered, the con ?sont of 'the invisible interlocutor Was given to; hnock the years so slowly tlist they might be d'is tinctly counted. This was done. Knock — knock ? \\-110ek — for what icemed over a minute till the number a\iouhted to fifty, and was unanimously announced by the company. Mr. C-. then asked, ' did she die of consumption,' naming several diseases 'to which 110 answer was given. ' Did she die die by accident?' Yes. Was she killed l-y lightning ? Was she shot ? Was 'she lost at sea? Did she foil from a carriage? Was she: thrown from a horse ?' Yes. Mr. Cooper did net pi.rsue his enquiries further, and stated to the company that the answers were ?correct — the per son alluded to by him being a sister who just fifty j years ago tho present month Was killed by being j thrown from a horse 1 A volume could be filled with similar narratives of what till tlie present day is going 011 in America; and, in fact a portly volume is pro duced ou the subject— tho author, Mr. Henry Spicer, being to all appearance a thorough be liever in the alleged manifestations. The success which attended the St'unces of the Misses Fox, soon induced others to try their hand at calling up spirits, and speedily the country was covered with media. People, when met iu evening parties would propose to have some spiritual intercourse, nnd, as if tlie invivisible world were let loose, /tliey seldom were disappointed. Spicer quotes ?an account given by an eye- witness of what occurred at a meeting in his presence. 'The ?spirits announced themselves somewhat un expectedly by turning over the solid and ponderous ' 'table and after several surpiising vagaries, the demonstrations increased in force and number, j 'Tho table was actually lifted up from tlio floor without the application ot a human hand or foot. A table, v eigl.ii.tf f dtould jud^ * WO pounds w.ii Jiftcd up a font from the Itctof; the ttnich ing ni'tliing. I jumped upon it, iillt it hiinb iip pi'iin.' It then CiMumence-l rocking, wilhollt, 1 however., -allowing lire to slide off, although it 1 cantid at least to an angle of -lo 'iVr.gives. Finally ? in a-linoA perpendicular inclination eiljd- inoolV; ;i ml another ol' the cmnpftuy tried 'it with n.he same , result. Tin' so. things all happened in a room ! which was iigh't enough to allow car seeing under and over and all r.tvttnd tlie table, which was tiiuched 'by no one except the two jhusous win ; respectively gut upon it to it down. \\\\\ ? went into a darkened room to see tlie -spiritual flashes of light said to have been Vouchsafed tn so i\k i 1 fvwtig.ite l's. Instead ol' this we were greeted with tremendous ratings all abunt us. .Same n! , the blows 011 the walls ftoor and tabk*s witliii three inches of myself were astounding. 1 couln hardly .produce sucli violent deuionstratiens witl. my list, though I were to strike with all my uiig! t The very walls shook. Answers 'to question.- ' were given by concussions of varying force am intonation, alluding to the character o'f the spirit communicating. A favorite 'iMlo daughter ofom ol' tho gentlemen present — a stranger from a re mote strtte — who had left the -earth an the fourth year of lit-r age, announced her presence by a thick -pattering ruin of eager and joyful little raps ; and in answer -to nii'inward request uf her father. : she laid her baby hand 011 his forehead 1 This; was a man who was net a believer in these tilings.; he had never hufore seen the.ie, but he could not mistake the thrilling feeling of that spirit touch. I also hail a singular manifestation, in tin ehainetor cil which I am not deceived. Suddenly and without any 'expectation on the .part of tin-, company, the medium Mr. Hume was taken up in the air! 1 had hold of his baud at -tlm -time, and I !'ivlt -his lied:; tliey were lifted a foot from tin floor ! He palpitated from head to foot with the contending -emotions of joy and fear which ?chokcd. his utterance. Again and again he was taken from the lloor, and the third tiaie he was carrier to -the -lofty ceiling of the apartment, with -which his- hands and head came in gentle contact. I felt the distance from the soles of his boots to the lloor, -and at was 'nearly -three feet. Uthers touched his feet to satisfy themselves. This statement-can be substantiated if necessary. No doubt -it can-! 0 -these eye-witnesses ! What mischief do they not do to the cause of'truth ! It cannot be supposed, however, that there were not sceptics; electricity, ventriloquism, and leger. demain, -with -certain mechanical contrivances wen proposed as accounting for 'the manifestations ; hut according to the authorities 011 the subject all conjecture failed to explain, -the rappings in any-other -way tls-.n as a -spiritual devjliipuieiil. Here the matter may be said to rest. Aaierica remains in a state of astonishment. That any' one in our day can bc-brought.into-the belief that; departed spirits are permitted to rc-visit the earth for the purpose of overturning tables, and answer ing ridiculous questions may -well e-xeite surprise. But it would seem-that- the appetite for the mar vellous is never to be satisfied. The circumstance, of the spirits being occasionally -guilty of false hood does -nut awaken the suspicions of the' credu'ous— tl.e Misses Ft-x smoothing uwuy all; diiUculties 'by 'the siaiple -explanation that there, were lying -as -well as-truthful s;-i?it-?, :-s tl-.ey had', found out by experience. What may prove -t ? be a solution of the rappings may be shrewdh guessed from a single fact: the accomplished1 media- exhibit'to-the faithful only on.pa'jnunt ofun entrance fee. Ah, dollars, dollars, -ye arc at the' bottom of it after all. W. 0. Chamber's Journal, 185o. 