APPENDIX. SPECIAL RELIGIOUS SERVICES. In compliance with the desire of the Committee of the Evangelical Alliance of Great Britain, ex- pressed in a circular issued by them suggesting a week of special prayer for 1862 to be observed from January 5th to January 12th, inclusive, various Christian denominations in Adelaide held the first service of the series on Sunday, 5th inst. The object of the Committee is that the whole Church throughout the world should set apart a week at the beginning of the year for the simultaneous supplication of God's blessing during the en- suing twelve months. With a view of giving something of precision and agreement to the order of worship, the Committee have suggested various topics for thought and prayer throughout the week. The subject recommended for the com- mencement of the services was 'The Holy Spirit, and prayer for the Lord's blessing on the services of the week.' We have received the following particulars of some of Sunday's services :— Congregational Chapel, Freeman-street.— In the morning the Rev. Mr. Manthorpe delivered a discourse from Romans, 8th chapter, 26th and 27th verses— 'Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities; for we know not what we should pray for as we ought; but the Spirit itself maketh inter- cession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.' 'And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.' The Rev. Mr. Evan officiated in the evening, and chose as his text the 29th verse of the 24th chapter of Luke— 'But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us; for it is toward even- ing, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them.' Congregational Church, North Adelaide. — The Rev. C. W. Evan conducted the service in the morning, and preached from the following words contained in Matthew, 11th chapter 28th verse— 'Come unto me all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' In the evening the Rev. G. Stonehouse preached, took his text from Luke, 22nd chapter 61st and 62nd verses— 'And the Lord turned and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice; and Peter went out and wept bitterly.' Ebenezer Chapel, Rundle-street.— The ser- vices at this chapel were conducted by the Rev. F. W. Cox, who chose for his text in the morning the 21st verse of the 30th chapter of Jeremiah— 'And their nobles shall be of themselves, and their Governor shall proceed from the midst of them; and I will cause him to draw near, and he shall approach unto me ; for who is this that engaged his heart to approach unto me saith the Lord.' In the evening, he dwelt on the vision described in the first ten verses of the 37th chapter of Ezekiel. Wesleyan Chapel, Archer-street, North Adelaide. — The Rev. Wmn. Brown preached in the morning. He chose his text from Acts, 2nd chapter 17th verse— 'And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions and your old men shall dream dreams.' In the evening the Rev. J. B. Water- house delivered a discourse from the following words in 51st Psalm 11th verse— 'And take not thy Holy Spirit from me.' Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie-street.— The Rev. Spencer Williams preached in the morning, and selected for his text the 45th verse of the 18th chapter of Acts— 'And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost.' In the evening the Rev. W. Butters delivered a sermon from the 50th chapter of Jeremiah, 5th verse— 'They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward, saying— Come, and let us join our selves to the Lord in a perpetual covenant that shall not be forgotten.' Baptist Church, White's Rooms.-Divine service was conducted at White's Rooms by the Rev. S. Mead, both in the morning and evening. In the morning he preached from John, 14th chapter and part of the 26th verse-' The Com- forter.' He delivered a sermon in the evening from the 19th verse of the 5th chapter of the 1st Thessalonians, "Quench not the Spirit." Baptist Chapel, Lefevre-Terrace— In the morning the Rev. Mr. Buttfield, of Uley preached from Hebrews, 10th chapter 13th verse-' From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool.' The sermon in the evening was also delivered by the Rev. Mr. Buttfield, the text being 1st Peter, 4th chapter 3rd verse— 'For the time past ot our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lascivious- ness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries.' Chalmers Free Church, North-Terrace.— Mr. J. Gardner, tho pastor of the church, preached both morning and evening. In the morning he took his text from the General Epistle of James 4th chapter 13th and 14th verses— ' Go to now, ye that say to-day or to-morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell and get gain. Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? ' It is even a vapour, that appearelh for a little time and then vanisheth away.' The text in the evening was also from the 4th chapter of James, the 15th, 16th, and 17th verses— 'For that ye ought to say, 'If the Lord will we shall live and do this or that.' But now ye rejoice in your boastings; all such rejoicing is evil. Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.' St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street.— The Rev. R. Haining conducted the services at this church in the morning and evening. His text in the morning was the 29th verse of the 3rd chapter of Revelations— 'Behold I stand at the door and knock.' He preached in the evening from Hebrews, 4th chapter 1st verse— 'Let us therefore fear lest, a promise being left us of entering into His rest, any of you should seem to come short of it.' United Presbyterian Church, Gouger Street.— The Rev. James Lyall delivered a dis course from 2nd Corinthians, 4th chapter 6th verse — 'For God. who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God, in the face of Jesus Christ.' In the evening he preached from Isaiah 44th chapter, 3rd, 4th, and 5th verses — ' For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my Spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thine offspring: And they shall spring up as among the grass, as willows by the watercourses. One shall say, I am the Lord's: and another shall call him self by the name of Jacob; and another shall sub- scribe with his hand unto the Lord, and surname himself by the name of Israel.' After service a prayer meeting in connection with the services of the week was held. Ebenezer Baptist Chapel, North Adelaide. —Mr. George Prince, pastor of the church, preached morning and evening. In the morning, his text was Acts xix., 2—' He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed ? And they said unto him. We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.'' In the evening, Mr. Prince preached from Genesis ix., 16 'And the bow shall be in the cloud, and I will look upon it that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth.' Special sermons, of which no particulars have been forwarded for publication, were also held in other places of worship in the city, and also in the country. We have given the words of the texts which were used, although, in some instances, it was mentioned that they had not been especially selected in connection with the movement. The congregations were mostly about the average num- bers. THE PRAYER MEETINGS. On Monday, January6, the central prayer meeting was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie-street, the specific objects proposed being—' Humiliation and confession of sin, &c;, thanksgiving and praise for recent religious awakenings.' The Rev. W. Butters presided, and commenced the service by giving out the 190th hymn, beginning 'Jesus, Thy blood and righteousness.' The Rev. C. W. Evan then read a portion of the fitth chapter of Daniel, and the Rev. W. Harcus engaged in prayer. The 176th hymn having been sung, the Rev. J. Lyall offered prayer. This was followed by the singing of the 104th hymn, after which portions of the 7th chapter of 1st Samuel and 36th Exodus were read by the Rev. G. Prince. The Rev. J. Gardner engaged in prayer, followed after an interval of singing by the Rev. S. Keen. A verse of the 327th hymn was then sung, and prayer offered by the Rev. F. W. Cox, after which the benediction was pronounced, and the meeting concluded. The whole service occupied less than an hour and a half, it being thought desirable not to exceed that time. The attendance was good, the ground floor of the spacious edifice being well filled, and the spirit of devotional fervour which the subject was well cal- culated to excite appeared to pervade the assembly. On Tuesday evening the union prayer meeting was held in Chalmers Church, North- terrace, presided over by the Rev. J. Gardner, the minister of the church. The services were commenced by the singing of a portion of the 51st Psalm, after which the 35th chapter of 2nd Chronicles was read. A letter from a Christian woman, desiring an interest in the prayers of the meeting on behalf of her unconverted husband and nine children, was then read. The Revs. W. Wilson, F. W. Cox, J. Lyall, and S. Keen successively engaged in prayer, a verse of a psalm being sung and a suitable portion of Scripture perused between each. A part of the 134th Pwalm was next sung, and the President concluded the meeting with prayer. The service terminated about half-past 8. Each peti- tion was earnest, impressive, and to the point, the special object kept in view being the conversion of the ungodly, the spread of vital religion in the families of believers, among society in general, and among the authors of our literature in par- ticular. About three-fourths of the seats in the building were occupied. On Wednesday evening the doors of St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield street, and the Baptist Chapel, Lefevre-terrace, North Adelaide, were thrown open for the third special united prayer meeting. In the former place the Rev. R. Haining presided, and opened the proceedings by giving out part of the 90th Psalm, beginning 'According as the days have been,' and reading the 35th chapter of Isaiah. The Rev. J. Lyall then en- gaged in prayer. The Rev. F. W. Cox then read the 13th chapter of Zechariah, and the Rev.Messrs. Gardner, Ussher, and Butters having offered prayer, the meeting concluded with singing the 64th para- phrase. In North Adelaide the Rev. G. Stone- house, minister of the church, presided, and, after stating the objects to be borne in mind in the supplications to be offered that evening, com- menced the services by giving out the 578th hymn in the Selection; after which the Rev. C. Man- thorpe read the 60th chapter of Isaiah, and en- gaged in prayer, followed by the Rev. J. B. Water- house with the 52nd chapter of Isaiah and prayer. Brethren Furnell, Bothill, and Bowring were severally called upon to offer prayer, each supplica- tion alternating with the singing of a verse of a hymn. About half-past 8 the benediction was pronounced, and the meeting brought to a close. In each place the attendance was comparatively small, which might doubtless be accounted for by the extreme heat of the weather. The fourth united prayer meeting was held on Thursday night, January 9, in Freeman-street Congregational Chapel. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. C. W. Evan, who commenced the service by giving out the 829th hymn, after which the Rev. J. Lyall read the 4th of Ephesians. The devotional exercises, which were interspersed by the singing of appropriate hymns, were con- ducted by the Rev. W. Wilson, Mr. Allan Webb, the Rev. W. Butters, the Rev. S. Keen, and Mr W. K. Thomas. The prayers offered on the special subjects for the evening-the Church of God and the Christian Ministry— were fervid and suitable and appeared to produce a solemnizing effect on the numerous auditory. The meeting was con- cluded about the usual time by the singing of the Doxology. Special prayer meetings, having the same object in view, were also held in other places in town and in the surrounding villages. The fifth United Prayer Meetiug was held on Friday night, January 10, in Gouger-street United Presbyterian Chapel, on which occasion the Rev. James Lyall presided, and after giving out the 117th Hymn, announced that the special object for the evening's meditation was 'The Word of God: its increased diffusion and influence.' The Rev. S. Ussher then read chap. 2 of 1st Corinthians, followed by the Rev. J. Gardner with prayer. The Chairman then perused several portions of Holy Writ suitable to the subject. The Rev. Messrs. Butters, Mead, Hancock, and Cox severally offered prayer, a hymn being sung between each petition, and the Rev. S. Keen read a portion of Scripture. All the supplications were strictly confined to the subject suggested. The President then intimated that a number of ministers had met after the services on Thursdar evening to take into con- sideration the desirability of terminating the course of prayer meetings with the united celebra- tion of the Lord's Supper. The proposal had met with the hearty concurrence of all present, and it was then agreed that it should take place on Mon- day, 13th January, in the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie street, to commence at 7 o'clock. The doxology being sung and the benediction pronounced the assembly dispersed. The attendance was pretty large, and those present seemed for the most part imbued with the importance of the subject under consideration, On Saturday evening, January 11, the sixth and last of the united prayer meetings took place in the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street. The Rev. S. Keen, President of the Circuit, took the chair, and opened the proceedings by giving out the hymn commencing 'Clothed in the golden robes of grace.' He then called on the Rev. J. Gardiner, who read a- portion of Scripture illustra- tive of the importance which God attaches to the Sabbath day. The Rev. F. W. Cox, the Rev. J. Lyall, Mr. W. K. Thomas, the Rev. Mr. Hancock, Mr. Blue, and the Rev. J. Gardiner consecutively engaged in prayer. The President then urged upon ministers present the propriety of acceding to the desire of the Evangelical Alliance, by keeping in view in their services on the next day the objects suggested in the circular. ' Lord dismiss us with thy blessing' being sung, and the divine bene- diction implored, the meeting broke up. The attendance was good, considering the night, about one-half of the seats being occupied. The week of prayer ended, so far as was originally arranged, on Sunday, the 12th instant, when appro- priate sermons were delivered in the various places of worship; the subjects suggested in the pro- gramme being 'Signs, dangers, and duties of the present times,' and ' Motives to personal holiness and Christian activity.'' The special religious services of the week were very suitably terminated on Monday evening, January 13, by the celebration of the Lord's Supper. The attendance was very good, the body of the church, appropriated to the communicants, being completely filled. The gallery was also well lined with spectators of the solemn ordinance. At 7 o'clock the Rev. W. Butters commenced the pro- ceedings by giving out the hymn beginning— 'Jesus, at whose supreme command.' ' The Rev. W. Hlarcus having offered prayer, and the 550th hymn being sung, the Rev. G. Stonehouse was called upon to address the communicants. The rev. gentleman remarked that solemn and intense interest was connected with such a gathering. It was a delightful spectacle, when Christians, over looking all minor distinctions, could meet around the table of their common Lord in sweet and holy fellowship. He thought that such a gathering spoke well for the present, and augured still better for the future, as it was a step towards the accom- plishment of the Saviour's prayer— 'That they all may be one, even as we are one.' And why should not Christians be one, when there were such innumerable matters of common interest? How insignificant were the points on which they differed as compared with the fundamental truths on which they all agreed. The mere family rela- tionships subsisting between Christians were so comprehensive in their bearings, so momentous in their results, as to be calculated to call into exercise all the sympathies of brotherhood. Every Christian had the same precepts to obey, the same conquests to achieve, and the same eternal crown to secure. Such Christian union to secure, the Saviour became incarnate. With what intense interest did he inculcate the principles of brotherly harmony. Such a social gathering he considered to be the best test of love; the real and legitimate offspring of faith, its impulses being spontaneous, and possessing all the gracefulness and ease of nature. If nothing more should result from the past meetings, this alone was an ample recompense, and was the most decided appeal which could be made to the world around, and the most direct argument to meet the attacks of the sceptic. What an incentive to mutual congratulation was supplied by this ordinance which they were about to attend to the memorial of that glorious contest which Christ through death had maintained against His and our enemies. He exhorted them to look through the sign to the thing signified, and realize in their experience the benediction of their Divine Master. The elements were then distri- buted by the minisiters, and the Rev. F. W. Cox gave thanks, after which the Rev. J. Lyall ad- dresseil a few words to the non-communicants. He intermitted them as to their reasons for inde- cision in the important .subject of religion; de- scanted on the unreasonableness of such conduct; anticipated every objection which might be raised; urged upon them, particularly the young, by every argument to delay no longer in making the final decision: and concluded by saying that if that night one soul was led to make such a decision, it would be a fitting close for the series of meetings, and would excite joy in the presence of the angels of God. A hymn was sung, and a collection made to defray the charge of printing circulars and other incidental expenses, the surplus tn be handed over to the City Mission. The Rev. J. Gardner having engaged in prayer, the divine benediction was in- voked, and the meeting terminated. 