Victoria Theatre. — The masterly man ner in which ' Richelieu' had been rendered by Mr. Barry Sullivan during the first three nights of his engagement, had raised the curiosity of the* public to see him in the character of ' Hamlet' on Thursday ; and however high the anticipations: formed of his merit in that part, we believe they were more than realised by the excellence of the performance. Without stopping to enquire whether it is possible for an actor, however gifted, adequately to represent the character of ' Hamlet,' the most extraordinary dramatic conception that ever issued from mortal pen, or whether if that wonderful epitome of the greatness and weakness ot the human mind could be adequately represented, it would be understood by a mixed audieiace it is not our business to enquire, but we may safely say that Mr. Barry Sullivan is, beyond all question,, the best exponent of the part that has ever appeared in these colonies, and, we believe, of any actor living at the present time. We have said before that Mr. Sullivan, instead of depending on strong points and situations in a play, makes each line and word of it his study ; so that we must look at his entire conception of a part if we would form a fair estimate of its merits. But there are, nevertheless, portions of 'Hamlet,' as ol every other play which natnrally come out more prominently than others; and of these we would direct especial attention to the scene with 'The Ghost,',.to-the Play scene, and to that in 'The Queen's' closet. But really to select any parti cular part of Mr. Sullivan's ' Hamlet1' is very much like the old story of the man who had a house to sell, and took a brick about to show as a sample* Barry Sullivan'sj ' Hamlet' must be seen if we would realise a great conception skilfully carried out : mere description would give but a faint idea, of the excellence of the performance ; and it would, be strange, indeed, if the patronage of the public were not accorded to an actor of such singular merit. Mr. Sullivan waB fairly supported by the rest of the company, among whom Mrs. Charles Poole as ' The Queen,' Mr§. Hill as ' Ophelia,^ Mr. Warner aa ' The Ghost,' and Mr. Appleton a* ' Laertes,' are entitled to especial mention. WV ' are glad to see that Mr. C. V. Howard still retain* the post be held under the Lyster regime, in which* by his polite attention, he has contributed so muck, to the comfort of tb« TiiUon to the theatre* 