THE BLACK MILL. In the highlauds of Bavaria, «hut out from the rest of to world by rocky crags and inaccessible hills, lies the dark and gloomy valley ol'the Sitte, a valley which, in olden times, was held to be haunted by evil spirits, and doomed to all sorts of sinful sorrow, but which, to modern understanding, would ouly betoken disease and madness, and the crimes springing naturally from poverty, ignorance, and isolation. She inhabitants were, for the most part, of the very lowest class; for, save the priest and magistrate, not an educated man of good social condition lived in the shadow of those gloomy hills to give his better thoughts and a brighter example to the poorer and less instructed. Consequently, the people were rough and ignorant, sunk in superstition, narrow-minded and bigoted, holding to all the prejudices of a worn-out time, and making their rery religion but the cause of strife and delusion- They bad abandoned the more innocent ana picturesque deceptions of the ancient church to adopt in their stead the wildest canons of tie "devil-creed," and they mixed up the idea of sorcery and magic and witchcraft with everything unaccustomed in man or ungenial in nature- There were not half a dozen people in this lonely Bavarian valley who did not believe in man's direct dealings with the dev3. Excepting the two officials already spoken of, the chief man of the district was Frederic of the Black Mill, commonly called the Black Miller of Sittenthal. & was a man of some understanding and considerable property, but of the worst possible reputation, A bad son, a bad husband, and a bad father, unsocial as a neighbour, hard and tyrannical as a master, he had not fulfilled one of the relations of life with credit or esteem. Cruel to his dependents and insolent to his superiors,a man so fierce and arbitrary that none but the stoutest-hearted dare oppose him, he found himself master in a world of slaves—a master who had never known truth or justice. His father, the old miller, had long lived in dally dread of some murderous violence from him; and even yet were to be seen the blood-stains on the oaken floor, and the deep dents on the wall, where once the Black 5Gller had struck the old man with an axe, and very nearly sent him to the world beyond the grave ere his time wan come. And still remained on the massive doora the heavy bolts and bars, and locks and chains, by which the father bad sought to protect himself against his son'* madness and revenge. Indeed, there were not wanting witnesses to swear that when lie lay sick and failing, his son had dragged him from his bed, and flung him down the stone steps in front of the mill; saying that he had lived long enough, and what room wag there in the world for such as hef So that when he died, a few days later, the ghastly shadow of parricide and murder had flitted through the House, but none were bold enough to seize that shadow, and give it the bodily form ofaecusation anderideuce. The stern savage went on employing all his energies and invention in torturing the victims dependent on him. The " house-mother," Barbara, a gentle, timid, weak-minded woman, patient and saintly enough, but without even a slave's faculty of self- assertion or defence, was' his chief victim, and he did not spare her. He never spoke to her save by the most insulting names and epithets; he beat her daily, with or without provocation, and ever without intentional offence; and not only beat her, as any illtempered man might have beaten an unloved wife, but carried his violence to the very limits of murder. Indeed, be would have murdered her, and that more than once, had she not been defended by bis sons, whose love for their poor down-trodden, brokenspirited mother was the most pathetic thing in all this mournful tragedy. Once he struck her «o brutally on her head that she was rendered unconscious for many weeks, and indeed never quite recovered the use of her small brain; and once he broke her arm with a blow from the back of an axe; besides cutting and wounding her with knives, hatchets, tharp-pointed stones, or anything else dangerous and handy- And not content with this more active manner of ill- usage, the Black Idler went into other and even more humiliating details. He would absent himself for weeks, taking all the money with him, and locking up the family stores, so that the wife and children were* nearly famished to death during his stay; a contingency that gave increased test to his pleasures; and then he would come back emptv-handed, miser as he was, having spent all his money, frequently amounting to important sums, on the most abandoned women of the neighboring towns j by some of whom—notably one woman named Hopfgartner—lie had large families publicly acknowledged and sumptously supported. To the twelve children borne him by poor Barbara he had never been friend or father. Of those twelve only fit* now remained olive, and more than one person said that the Blade Miller had murdered the others 1 while some said shud- terms of hU bond, and to save bis own soul for yet ft few years longer. He made his sons hiilay-labourers, but gave them only blows and curses for their wages; bis daughters were his home servants—house servants in rags, shoeless and half-stsrvod, beatenand ill-seated liko thair mother; to none of thom was he eveu human, but more Ukem'fieM) srttd beast. The ftmily cansuted of two girls .and two boys, the eldest - of whom, Conrad, was eight-wd-twenty, tho youngest Kunigunde, eighteen r snd a stable-lad of thirteen, who lived in the mill, but at a remote part of tho boose where he could hear her very little, and Wagner, dAy-labourer, who,with his wife, inhabited a moved from any other habitation, and still fertheHsolated by the evil reputation which it bargained both in the past and present. Foroomraon report said that it was haunted * ' and evil apirits, and still the betraveller, passing near, might hear shrieks and groans, and cries, and the aobs offtigbteheawomen, and the shrill screams of young children borne on the dead night tig in * *ery tumnlt of crime and despair oomtningled. Therefore, though the wife was known to be a good and pious woman, and theaomfihe,industrious, honest ladslwfao remained In their present torture only because of their mother, and that thoy might stand between herand their father's violence, yet the prejudices of the neighbours were too strong to be overcome, and weeks would pass without a soul of honest fame daring to venture within the shadow of that gloomy and accursed place. On the flth of August, 1817, the Black Miller suddenly disappeared. No one knew what had become of him, or whither he had gone; but his life was so evil and his habits so lawless that no one was astonished at anything he might do: and what if the devil, bis father, had earned him off bodily at last P It was what the world of Sittenthal looked for, and tt seemed as if they were not to be disappointed. The mill family kept quite quiet for some time, but on the 11th of October poor half-witted Barbara went to lodge her statement with tho magistrate, two months after her husband's disappearance. She said how the miller to eat, aud no money to buy food ; leaving them, in fact, in such a position that, without some assistance they must have starved for they were unable to touch his rents, or sell his stores without legal authorisation. The magistrate heard the mill-wife's story, rubbed his chin, looked at her' hard, and thought; then decided to give her letters of administration and power to act until sueb time as the Black Miller chose to re-appear. Barbara paid the gentleman heavily, and smiled as she returned to her home. Then she and her sons entered into the peaceful occupation of the Black Mill, its lands, and revenues, waiting for the time until the miller would return. For more than a year they led the most contented and undisturbed life possible. From a very sink of enmity, strife, and discord, the old doomed house became a comparative heaven of ease, silence, and love. As Barbara and the sons had always been respected the people were not sorry to "be able to show them manv kindly attentions, and (bus to prove to tbem that their former repugnance had been to the father only, and m nowise connected with themselves. This one brief year was the most prosperous and contented, outwardlv, that the family at the Black Mill had ever known. It was the general opinion that the miller had been earned off bodily by the devil; indeed, many of the villagers swore that they had seen his tortured ghost, and heard bis awful cries, as his former flatterer and friend had now become his unsparing torturer and master; but there were others, a few of trifle less besotted cast, who looked graver than even this belief would have made them, and who spoke on the subject below their breath, and mysteriously. Soon a low heavy rnunner went round; a terrified whisper, that grew and gathered as it grew; a horrible suspicion ; an awful word; for pale lips muttered mthdeb—the murder ot a father and a husband, wife and children all consenting. But all agreed that Wagner and his witchwife knew more of the business than any one else, and that the inquiry and suspicion would begin with them. (To be completed next week.) 