-'i _HE.N#KRINYERI, OR TRIBES OF THE " -; - BARE AND LOWER MURRAY. : insects' Wie South Australian Register.) ., . ' sophisms OF THE DEAD. THE Negrin) oki point out several stars, and say that they are deceased warriors who have gone to heaven (\Vyhrcwnrto), There are Wyungare, and NepaUe and the Manchingga, and several others. Every native expects to go to Wjirreewarre after death They also believe that the dead descend from thence' and walk the earth and that they are able to injure those whom they dislike.. Consequently, men who have been notorious in life for a domineering and revengeful disposition are very much dreaded after death. For instance, there is Karungpe, who contri in the dead of night, when the camp fire has burned low, and like a rushing wind scatters the divine emberé.s and then takes advantage of the darkness to rob some sleeper of life and it is considered dangerous to whistle in the dark, for Karungpe ii especially attracted by a whistle. ' There is another restless spirit-the deceased father of a boy whom I ii el know who is said to roam about armed With rope, with which he catches people. All the Nar- Players, old and young, are dreadfully afraid of seeing ghosts, and none of them will venture into the scrub' after dark, lest he should encounter the mines which are supposed to roam there, I heard some admirable specimens of ghost stories from them. In one case I remember the ghost was represented to have set fire to a wurleys, and ascended to Heaven in the flame. The Narrinyeri regard the disapprobation of the spirits of the dead as a thing to be dreaded ¡ and if a serious quarrel takes place between new relatives some of their friends are sure to interpose with en- treaties to the contentious parties to be reconciled, lest the spirits of the dead should be offended at no seemly disputes between those who ought to be at peace. The name of the dead must not be mentioned until his body has decayed, lest awaited sorrow should seem to be indicated by the common and flippant use of his name. A native would have the deceased believe that he cannot hear or speak his name without weeping. But the most direct way in which-the reverence of these people is shown for the dead is in their funeral ceremonies. When a man dies they conclude at once that sorcery has been the cause of the mournful event, and that either ngadhungi or rather must have been practised against him. Mill in is a different kind of soil every from that described in a previous paper. The first night after a man has died his nearest relation sleeps with his head on the corpse, in order that he may be led to dream who is the sorcerer that caused his death. The next day the corpse is elevated on men's shoulders on a sort of beer called ngaratta.Tae friends of the deceased then gather round, and several names are called out to try if the mention of them produces any effect on the corpse. At last the near; relative calls out the name of the person of whom he has dreamed, and then an impulse towards him on the part of the dead body is said to be felt by the bearers, which they pretend they cannot resist, and consequently they walk towards him. This impulses the sign by which it is known that the right name has been called out. The deceased, still lying on the cigarette, is then placed over a slow fire for a day or two, until the oula j skin blisters. This is removed with the hair, and in the apertures of the body are sewed up. It is the ' rubbed over with grease and red ochre,'andset up' ! naked on a sort of stage inside the wurley in a sitting position. A great lamentation and wailing is made at this time by all the relations and friends of the dead man. They cut their hair off close to the held, and bestir themselves with oil and pounded char- coal. The women be smear themselves with the most disgusting filth ; they all bear and cut themselves, and make violent demonstrations of grief. All the relatives are careful to be present and not to be want, ing in the proper signs of sorrow, lest they should be suspected of complicity in causing the death. A slow fire is placed under the corpse, in order to dry it The relations live, eat, drink, and sleep under the putrefying mass until it is dried. It u then wrapped up in mats and kept in iii wurley. During the time in which it is drying the female relatives relieve one another in weeping; before the body, so as to keep some woman atom weeping in front of it; All this has very much the appearance of idolatry. The smoke rising around the red sitting figure, the wailing women, the old men with long wands, with a brush of feathers at the end, anointing it with grease and red ochre all these contribute to give one this impression of the whole Beerie. When any one leaves the wurleys where the . body is for a few days, they are expected to stand ) before it, and weep and wail on their return. How [ ever they manage the requisite amount of crying never could imagine. For one minute a woman tA | , appear in the deepest agony of grief and tears; a few minutes after, the conventional amount of weeping is having been accomplished, they will laugh and till 1 with the merriest. I feel persuaded that fearing more to do with most of these exhibitions than grief," But the spirit of the dead is not considered' to have been appeased until his relatives have avenged his death. They will kill the sorcerer who his carries' it if they can catch him; but generally they cannot catch him, and often do not wish it. Sfoit probably he belongs to some other tribe of the Narrinjm Messengers pass between the tribes . relative to the' affair, and the friends of the accused person at his formally curse the dead man and all his dead relates. This constitutes a costs belli. Arrangements in forthwith made for a pitched battle, and the Arab tribes meet in company with their respective allies. The tribe to which the dead man belongs weep no make a great lamentation for him, and the opposing tribe sees some fellows to dance about as! play antics in derision of their enemies, of Then the whole tribe will set up a great laugh 1 way of further provocation. If there is any one cause of animosity between the tribes besides the matter of avenging the dead there will now be a pretty i severe fight with spears. If, however, the tribes him nothing but the dead man to fight about, they will probably throw a few spears, indulge in considerable abuse of each other, perhaps one or two will get slightly wounded, and then some of the old men in declare that enough has been done. The dead mack considered to have been appeased by the efforts of the friends to avenge his death by fighting, and the t« tribes are friendly again. In such a case the fighting a mere ceremony. The hair of the dead is spun into a cord, which is made into a headband, and commonly worn by men, They say that thereby they smell the dead, and that it makes their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight they are enabled to see the spears common, and either to parry or avoid them. AN ExrnniMENTAL MILITARY POLICE The London papers report the recent establishment of a military police force at Woolwich, with great success. J Fourteen soldiers, distinguished for good conduct and temperance, have been organized in We police corps, with most beneficial effect. Not only has the streets, previously almost impassable after nightfall, become comparatively quiet and orderly, but the number of desertions has greatly decreased, his proposed to increase the strength of the corps to an extent which will render it adequate to the difficult task of preserving order in a garrison town contained nearly 5000 soldiers. The men are dressed in their ordinary uniform, and only distinguished from other soldiers by the letters '? M.P." in red and yellow cloth on their left arms. CENSUS OF THE BLIND. This is a subject of great interest, and a matter worthy of careful enquiry, particularly when we consider that there are upwards a 22,000 persons in England and Wales who are blind. Taking the whole population of Great Britain, there is about one blind person in 979-in England and Wales, one in 979; in Scotland, one GO; anda the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, one in 830\. We thus see that, in proportion, there is la' blindness in England and Wales than in Scotland; ME much less in Scotland than in the Channel Island!. In Ireland the proportion of blind is one in 861 inhabitants. In the level portions of Europe, composed Belgium, Hanover, parts of Germany, and the plain of Lombardy and Denmark, the proportion is pttW to be one blind in every 950 inhabitants-butalighuy differing from the average of Great Britain. has 'voted regions the proportion is considerably more but in Norway the proportion is one in every 482 in habitants, In these localities in which the large, number of old men and women are living there I" be found the largest proportion of blind and an imitation of the-tables of the ages of the people show that this is the case up to a certain age. The band to 100,000 of the living at eighty years of age and upwards in Hereford, is 2019 ; Cornwall, 3120; Deroy, 2942 ; Dorset, 2800 ; Somerset, 1887 ; Wilts, has Yorkshire, West Riding, 2002. Builder. ? BODY OF A DEAD INFANT FOUND On West's day morning the body of a newly-born male class was found in a water-hole on a portion of s"s."' estate, some two or three miles on the other side of Hinton. The body was discovered by a boy named Duncan McMillan, who was herding cattle near a spot, and who immediately went and informed 'father. -The father, after looking at the body's to Morpeth and gave information at the police on -Maitland Mercury. as I 