PASTORAL ADDRESS. OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC ARCH BISHOP AND BISHOPS OF AUS TRALIA. Wo extract the following from a pastoral address emanating from the above authorities to tlio Roman Catholic Churches of Australia " Ono subject about which 1 wo are most anxious that you Bliould bo rightly informed and steadfast in your Catholic principles, is that of the publio education of your children, and especially of tlra children of lira poor. It is evident that attempts aro being made to wrest from us our liberty of conscience in this matter, to curtail tlio freedom, in which wo have beon ablo to train our children in secular learning, quickened by Catholic faith, nnd guarded by Cathoiio discipline, in order to submit them to tlio fottcrs of wlint is called National Education. This is a manifest mis nomer. Tho so-called National Education, or Board of General Educntion, is in truth ecctarinii, for it is at varianco with tlio religious feelings of Catholics, tlint is, a largo body of tiie population, cqunl to ono-fourth or even -, or.e-tliird of tho nation — if wo may use tlra term — nnd it is a persecuting sectarianism, since it would compel Catholics lo accept a system vitally defective, however accepted by non-Catholics, who liavo, of course, neither fear nor sense of such deficiency. Catholics do not bclicro that tlra education of n child is like a thing of mcchauism that can be put together bit by bit. Now a morsel of instruc tion oil religion, and then of instruction in secular learning — separate parcels with as lit tlo reciprocal action as havo two books on the bIicIvcs of a library. Wo hold, that subjeots taught, tho teacher and his faith, tho rule and practices of tlio school day, — all combine to produco the result which wo Catholics con sider to bo education, and that this desirnbio result cannot bo looked for without such combined action. Tho system to which wo havo adverted, seems to consider tlra child as a receiving machine, and tlra tonchcr as nn imparting machine, and that hero their rela tions end. It is not so; tlio human being teaching will, by ronsou of his religioiiB faith, and other qualities, influence tho human bring taught; the day with its work and dcvotionB, arranged on a plan consistent throughout with our faith, will mould ono form of charactor, the day not so arranged will produco quito another ; there is, in tho system wo doprccate, no unity, no consistency. It is not onlydefectivo, it is corrupting end dissipating, nnd, therefore, for reasons obvious to every well-informed Catholic, we must have for our children, Cathoiio schools, Cathoiio teachers, and, as fist ns wo can Bnpply thorn, Catholic books. Do not bo seduced out of this determination by promises of superior learning for your children! Tlra promises aro vain; our own schools can and shall supply all thnt Cntholic children could obtniu elsewhere. Mako your determination known, seo that your repre sentatives in Parliament nro duly impressed with it, and choose only thoso wlio will respoct your religious rights and liborties in this most vital poiut. Be not influenced by plausible state ments and appeals to a false liberality. Catholics must eccnro for their children, nbove all things, a religious education, and in a mattor of so much importance, they must not risk hazardous experiments. Their children may and must in school breathe a Cathoiio atmosphere. It would bo as wiBo to take away ono of tlio constituent elements of common air, .and think to maintain the health and vigour of human boings, living in that unnatural modium, by restoring after wards the withdrawn elements, as to make up a Catholic education for children by adding at ono timo tho religion whioh has been scrupulously bdnishod at another. If you grow a flower in cold and darkness ono hnlf tlra day, no arbitrary amount of light and heat after wards will produco a plant of tho vigour and beauty proper to its kind. "Tlio Divorce Bill, which has, unhappily, passed into law in some of tho colonies, and which has been bo odiously pressed upon tho Legislatures of the other colonies during tlio present session, has naturally drawn our attention afresh to tho evils of mixed marriages. This measure adds, you will observe, materially to those evils, inasmuch as it allows, by human law, a separation which the Cathoiio bclievos is not allowable by tho Divine low, und eo exposes tlio Catholic party to bo left bound ns long as tlra non-Catholic party, who may chooso to form other ties, bIiqII live. Let .this added mischief, dearly beloved, prevail upon you to . renew your aversion and watohfuhicss ugainst mixed marringc9. You know how the Church treats them, how she tolerates thorn only ns nn inevitable evil, how bIio stands by at Buch a marringp, sad, and ns j if mourning. No holy, ail graco procuring mass eelobrated ; no solemn nuptial blessing, witli upliftod hands, pronouueed by the priest of God, It cannot bo that young people, properly trained in aflectionnte allegiance to Holy Church, duly estimating tho graces of which bIio i'b tlra channel, should eo lightly permit their thoughts to rest on jho beginning oi attachments thnt must end in a dreary prospect at best. Lot the obstaclo of a different religion be frankly pronounced by parents an insurmountable one, nnd the young, accustomed oil their lives so to consider it, and seo it so considered, aro in no danger of allowing themselves to bo entangled. It is tlra indecision and worldliness of parentB that create for their children danger, nnd bo u- ' contempiato again lira nullity of all earthly position, and advan tages, as a _ compensation for tlio certain ovils of mixed mnrrisges. At the beat, what must be tho result ? Husband aud wife divided on the most important, the most influential, nnd pervading of all subjects 1 No mutual aid, no common sympathies in religion ; rohgion that gives dignity and safety to their union. As Catholics, you believe the married state to bo a vocation, having its special trials, dangers, hopes, and to meet these, its special graces ; and you know it is idle to talk about onoh party worshipping God undisturbed, according to his or her conscience. And of tho children of sueli marriages what can wo say, oven where tlra Cathoiio conditions are faithfully— as they so frequently aro not — kept ? What can you, in ordinary prndenoe, expc ot them to lcern, to bo ? At tlio beat, perhaps, indifferent ; bom nnd prneticnlly bred in that subtlest of tho modorn forms of infic clity, tlra notion that nn ossonco of all religions can bo extracted and scoured, in abstraction from all positivo belief, from all esc amont, within lira rccosBes of a men's own bra: et. Dare you do this ? Will your eliil- di cn dare to do it, if you think, nnd teach them frt (lltnls ftf l'( n a (1,n f .'...DIP f v.Miu v <»a iuu uuugui- ui iiuiuiuronce, ot practical infidelity, ought to bo thought of. What is it to tempt the goodnoss of God if this bo not it? Wo do hope, dearly bolovod, that thoughtlessness about consequences, mora than unfaithfulness and reckless worldlinoss, is the causo of so many of thoso deplorable mar riages. Wo must epeak BtroDgly, because wo fear greatly ; wo can no longer maintain oven an opparent Bilcnco in tlra presence of a growing evil ; wo daro not eeo Catholics, woro it to gnin tho wholo world, direst thomsolves, as married people, of great safeguards ngainst tlio loss of tbeir own nnd children's bouIs. May you, dearly beloved, lay these tilings to heart, and may tho Holy Spirit enlighten and etrongthon you. "Tlra blessing of God, tlra Father," tho Son, and Holy Ghost, be with you now and for over. 4- John Bbde, Arolibiehop of Sydney. 4- Roreet William, Bishop of Hobart Town. 4- James Altfius, Bishop of Melbourne. 4- James, Bishop of Brisbane. Givon at Melbourne, . Feast of All Saints, 1862." 