ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS. tFl'OJJ OUJl OWN CORItESrOKDEJiT.} London. Mav 2G. I8G2. The last two d.-srs' racing of the Craven Meeting, jrliich 1 was unible to notice in my las'. letter, were so important as to justify my talcing up the thread of my narrative Just where I broke it off in Aprii, viz., at tlip Thursday in the Craven week. The opening event f-r that day was interesting. as it showed us Csllcr Ou for the first time in her fo;ir;,-eflr old form; but *hojgli the St. Leger winner ran fast and well, she was verv Dig, and nnable to concede a stono in weight to The 3too, or 101b to West End, and this pair accordingly finished first nnd second. The Knave had no trouble in polishing off- the ' Lady Evelyn colt' and tin 'Misu Sarah filly,' by whom alone he was opposed in the three year old Sweepstakes, over tho Rowley Mile, anJ the .French two year old Le Marc'chal, by Moaarque, per formed very differently over the ' tcp'of the ground' to irbathedid in the dirt nt Kpsom, and fairly cantered away from Sanita and three other ' things.' The Askc Produce finished with a magnificent raca between Suckenbam and Hurricane, the success of ihe former by the very shortest of heads being entirely due to George IFordhain's fine riding. Though, after this, some people ?were infatuated enough to fancy Backeuhim could win the Two Thousand, and he wa3 backed accordingly, yet they comparatively overlooked the mare's running. Jn the first race cf the Friday, the Queen's Plate, over the Ronnd Conr.ce, three miles and a half, about 4 to 1 ?iras laid on Carbineer asainst Harlequin, to whom he gave 301b for his year; bnt hsra again George Forduam snatched a race cut of the lire, and landed tho non-favourite first by a bead. Great ?was the excitement to gn another peep at Old Calabar in the Benningt'on, aUhou^h he was to meet nothing better than Disdain and Dioaoej. The last named filly cut oat the work at a wretched pace, till 'the Old *un' cantered by her, and, going on, won as ho liked. Some of tho knowingones pretended that Old Calabar won in slovenly style, and that Boyee was hard upon him, bnt this is 'bunkum.' The colt won with out ever being extended, and what could he do more? Doubtless, there were very good reasons why the stvle in which he achieved his victory should be decried, bat ai I have something to say abo'ut that hereafter I will Jiot go further into the maltter in thb place, except to observe that the result of the race was to send Old Calabar back in the betting both for the Guiaeas and the Derby, 5 to 1 being laid agdnst him for the former, and 20 to l'for the latter event. ' The week between the Craven and tho First Spring Meetings at Newmarket 'was comparatively blank, a sort of lull preparatory to the perfect avalunche of raco meetings which well nigh threaten to overwhelm the indefatigable votaries of the sports of ' the gras3' — as the Dundrearys of the day love to denominate tbo turf. The only gathering of any moment was held at Thirsk, in Yorkshire, where the Northerners mustered in strong force. . The first of the world famed Ulink Benny's stock made its debut here in tha Mowbray Stakes for two-year-olds on the first day. She is described as small, but showing a great deal of quality j but in spite of her high lineage, the public did not fancy her for this race so ?well as Westminster, a Hg powerful colt of Colonel TowncleyV. In the run home, however, blood beat bine, and Barealis— who, as a wag observed, 'ougbt lo have been ' a roarer '' — won cleverly. One and twenty real iona fide hunters 'who had never been in any public training stable, nor were liable for racehorse duty,' osme to the p33t for the Hunt Cup; but beyond the gratification one feels at seeing a r3co for hunters actually contended for by the class of animals for which it was designed, I don't know that much interest attaches to the performance of these half-breeds. The second day commenced with a Selling Stake for two year-olds, for which five very moderate youngsters took their preliminary canters. The highest priced of the lot was modestly valued by its owner nt £W, while the 'upset price' of each of tho others was 'a Ecore.' That this must not be taken as the real value put upen them liy their re'pective ownerB, is pretty evidently shown in the issue of the race, as tho winner, a filly by Kataplan, out of'a SJeight-of-Hand mare, entered to be sold for* 20 8CV3, was bought in at 77 guineas I A'ow, as tbo valne of the stake was only iM5, it is clear that Mr. Q. S. Thompson— no relation to Sydney Sam ' of that ilk'— must have been exactly £15 17s. 'out of pocket by ?winning! We will hope that his book put it all right. Ten jockeys weighed out for the Thirsk Handicap, which Eapparec, a rattling favourite, won very easily ; Patrick, a three-year-old, just beating old Uppcrhand for the stake, which the second horEO wbb to cave. None of tho other events are deserving of notice. At the 'Turf Slock Exchange' business ?was very iriak during this week, Ihe wagering on theGuineaB being ? especially heavy. On the Monday Ofd Calabar showed unmistakable signs of weakness, en Thursday ho was decidedly worse, and on Saturday he received tho coup dc grace, 10 to 1 being offered that 'he didn't Btort.'' On tho retirement of ' tho crack,' Marquis and Alvc dia'.on raced for tho premierohip iu tbu betting, the former always having rather the best cf it, while ? Caterer, Nottingham, Wincrnve, and Lord. Glasgow's Jot, all bad stanch supporters. Never within my recollection, nor, I believe, in that of lbs 'oldest inhabitant,' was r» much excitement mani fested about any Two Thousand as there was about tho one which, lias just been decided, nnd this naturally took tbo form of an unprecedented rash to Newmurkflt. On ? the Monday morning, as everybody expected, the pen ' Vis put through Old Calabar's name, pa the plea, and tiiia much was true, that the horse was lame behind. You will find in the English Bporting papers very full accounts of the why and tho wherefore connected with this disgraceful affair, and all that I need say about it is to give you the universal opinion in the sporting world, 'which is, that Old Calabar was lamed wilfully, and Irom all the circumstances of tho case, and especially 'from the exceedingly suspicious ono that tho brother in-law of Stephenson, Old Calabar's trainer, was tho : van who never ceased potting the horse, it is impossible to believe that Stephenson himself was wholly innocent. It i3 only right to add that not a shadow of suspicion . attaches to Sir Richard Bulkeley, who is simply ono of tho 'Many victims o! this foul conspiracy. No little surprise —jras felt and expressed that Sir Kichard did not at once ''tike his horsoa out of Stephenson's hands, as it is con sidered that this would only have been the proper manner of marking his senso of the trainer's condct, and, besides, it would have been giving tho bickers of the horse the only very slight chance there was of his being able to show for tbo Derby, instead of which Sir 31\. Bu keley let a fortnight pas3 before he removed them to Butler's stables. Before quitting the subject I mjy remark that although Old Calabar had notoriously been doing no work, and consequently was quito unlit, there ?was no appearance of lameness about him in either of Ilia races during tho Craven Meeting, tho injury to tho hind leg being doubtless effected after that week. It was of course desirable to prepare the public for the coming coup, and therefore it was that all the rubbish about hia difficulty in beating Dioncca was stuffed down tho throats of Sir Richard Balkeley and of the re porters. For my part, I don't believo a word of it. So much for the greatest slur which has been cast upon tho Encllsh turf for many a long day. The retirement of 'Old Calabar left the Two Thousand a moat open race, about the probabilities of which tho i diversity of opinions waa never- ending, tho friends of! oach animal looking upon tho race as over. William Bay's friends stuck to Alvediston with unflinching con stancy; the partisans of John Scott's Btablo averred that although The Marquis ran untried, still that in hia gallops ho had always ' trod tho heels off' Cape yiyaway; Lord Glasgow's turn, it was announced, had come at last, so satisfactorily did his team pasa tho 'competitive examination' they underwent with Yoltella; all High-Leicestershire was on tho tip-too of expectation to see Dick Button's horse Nottingham pull off tho ' good thing,' which WR3 regarded as a certainty after hia having been put through the mill with Rising Sun, and done all he waa a-ked to do j with Saw-cutter for a schoolmaster it was considered that no mistako could possibly be made about Caterer, and his party ?were very sweet, whilo Colonel Towneley's pair, Balder, Carisbrook, etc., etc., all had their knots of supporters. Business commenced on Monday, the 5th, with the Queen's I'lato for mares, throo miles and a- half, Paste and Arcadia being the Belected ones to do tho trick, but to everyone's surprise Lord Glasgow's threo-yoar-old iilly by'Stockwell, out of Miss Sarah, won cleverly, nnd tho backers of his Lordship's lot for the big race on tho Morrow were in ccetacies. Then Rising Sun won a match Srom another of Lord Glasgow's, which, though fiva yoara Did, is, like the rest of his team, mill without a name; and in tho next Sweepstakes Asteroid polished off Capo Tlyawny and ono of tho everlasting Miss Whips, Sir Joseph 'a Uoublo victory strengthening Nottingham's position. Three flying youngsters, Livingstone, Le alar&lml;, and Erylhia then met, and a dead heat cnt-ued between tho two first named, which Lord Stamford's «olt 'put to rights' at tho Bccond attempt. Lord Westmoreland's Confidence — a son of the notorious Cruisor— beat tho whilom ' crack' Sweetsauca over six \- i'urlongu, the lalter'n pipes bciHg now so sadly out of repair as to impode his getting even that distance. Tho Weather on tho Two Thousand day was magnificent, and xeminded the habitues of Newmarket rather of tho July than of tho First Spring Meeting. Every train brought thousands of fresh accessions to the crowds already in the town, and it is indisputable that never boforo wore SO many persons present at any gathering at head q«arters. The first event on tho card was a aweopstakes of 300 sovs. each, for which two ' invalids,' Matador and Nautilus, were pulled out to run over the lleacon C«urse. Both tho cripples had been patched up till they really lookod bettor thin might have been expected t but they woro dreadfully tired beforo they got homo, Which Matador eveutually managed to do boforo his competitor. I will not dwell upon tho four unimportant oventa which preceded' 4I10 great raco of the dny, nor Jipon the operation of saddling and the criticisms which the cognoscenti raado na tho various favourites wero Stripped and cantered, as the fullest, truest, and most particular accounts nro to bo found in your files of Eng lish sporting pnpors by thoBO who are not satisfied with the bird's «ye view which time and space alike compel mo to take of passing evonte. Sufllco it, then, '.bat jUvediaton's nppearauco nnd style of going pleaaod nobody, and that The Marqais, on tho contrary, ploasod everybody. At last, seventeen wout to tho post, and after a few mishap?, which ware unavoidable and unin tentional, Mr. If 'George got tho lot well uway together. 3Ti» psco wns wretched at first, and in. fact never was strong dnring any part of the race. Marquis, Caterer, tho Stockwell colt, and Nottincham lay in front throughout, Lacy des, Hubert, Carisbrook, and Brighton bsing wtll placed flit they reached Abingdon bottom, where they had enough or' it, and where yottinsrham, who was leadinir, looked so well that many thoaghfit was over and cried 'Nottingham wins,' but* at the moment Ashinall and Ciialloner respectively called upon Th-! Marquis and Caterer, and the pair running up to Not tinqham, challenged him for the lead, which he at once travs up, and tbo raco was left to Tbe Manjui3 and Mr. Noylor's horss. Fora moment Caterer looked dangerous, but he never nuita cot to the crack, and for tho seventh time in twenty-one years the shout arose of 'John Scott wins '' Lord Glasgow's Stockwell colt ran game as a lion, and made a dead heat of it for third pl»ce with Nottingham. Of the lot that started, Alvediston and Wingrave were the first beaten, and tho general impres sion is, that, like O'd Calabar, there was a screw loose tornewhere; indeed Wingrave's subsequent performance during tho meeting qaite negatives the idea that his running in the Two 1 housand displayed bv any means his true form. With the exception of the' CoffcB Room Stakes, in which Lord Stamford nnd the backers of horses got ' a facer' through the defeat of King of Hearts by Mr. Bawe's Welcome, the remaining ?port on the grand day was unimportant ; and Wednesday was so completely a bye day that I shall pa$3 over it. On Thursday tbe roarer Vanguard was brought out to meet Costa in a Sweepstakes of 100 sovs each, and it was thought n prettv good thing to lay 5 to 2 upon the found one; but, thanks to Jack Osborne's nice riding, the non-favourite won very cleverly by two. lengths. The next race, an all-seed Plate, Rowley 'Mile, brought out He=?, Wingrave, and another or two. Nothinc went down in the ring but ' The Cape,' who;- however^ failed to 'bring it off,' as Wingrave, who finished brilliantly, made a dead heat of it. The Plate was afterwards dividid, and Cape Flyaway walked over. You will notice how different was Wingrave's running in this race and the Two Thousand. Indeed I firmly believo that had this race been run on tho Monday instead of the Thursday, Wingrave would have started first favourite for the great racs. Revolver, a real beauty of Lord Stamford's, had no trouble in disposing of Intrigue nnd [faliburton in a Sweepstakes for two year olds, and tbe Handicap which followed exemplified some of the curious chances of racing. Six were coloured for it, and Mr. Hawktiey's Paradox by Phlegon was the favourite, littlo Daky had weighed out for him, but no horse, appeared. As the time for starting drew near, it was evident ho would be too late, and The Sage was installed favourite in his place. In the meantime Daley had jumped on a hack and gone to look after his horse, and asscon a3he met him popped the saddle on and galloped — not cantered — to the starting post. It was toe late, however, the horses wer-3 off, at least some of them, but luckily for Mr. Hawlislcy- not nil. It was a falso start, and when the horses were brought back Paradox was in his place, and being in a good hnmour ran kindly and won easily, The Sage being second ! If that was''nt a lucky squeak to win a race by, I don't know what is. Eleven fillies came to_,thepo3t for the Thousand Gnineas, Imperatrico who was said— all bosh— to have been highly tried with Hubert and Cellariu3 sinco the Two Thousand, beinz the favourite, closely pressed by Berths, while Ethel nnd Hurricane each had many frie'nds. Bertha and Hurri cane lay well forward throughout, but the former tired at last, and Lord Fnlmouth's— ' Mr. Valentine's'— maro won tolerably easily, Sappho and Olive Branch finishing close to the leading pair. Imperatrice, who was com )lctoly ' off, ' could not perform a bit, and Ethel was last all the way. Twenty-two babies startoJ for the two-year old Plate, tho winner turning np in Lord Stratbmore'a Saccharometer, wIioeo backers landed a :elp thtm tojneasure 'the sugar' t'je colt's running brought them in. Revolver, and a filly of Baron Rothschild's, by King Tom, out of Deiopeia, ran a dead leat for second. The match between Sir Joseph Hawley's Duke Rello, and Lord Glasgow's Clarissa colt, was thought to be ''all one way,' nnd 2 to i was freely laid on Sir Joseph j Aldcroft, however, saved the fieldera by a magnificent piece of riding and made a dead heat ofit. Paleslro opened tho ball on Friday-, hy beating Wal laco and Brown Duchess in a Sweepstakes of 100 sov each, weight for nge, about two miles. Wallace made a gallant light for it but tbe mare w».s beaten off. Mr. Tei Brocck'a Batsman, a useful colt by Toddinslou, won a two-year-old Selling Stake, and Maubonrquet, in the French stable, did ditto nnd was claimed- Lord Westmoreland, who seems likely to rival ' Tho Ad miral ' as a match maker, won two more matches, and then tho once celebrated flewmarkA Stakes came for decision, tho field consisting of Lord Stamford's Xurullo, Sir Joseph Hawley's Argonaut, a highly bred son of Aphrodite, and Lord Neivport's Canirell, br Stockwell, out of May Bell. The last named just won after a good raco with Argonaut, Xurullo beaten off. 'Any odds 'were offered after tho race against either of tho three thatran winning the Derby. The stunning Buf prise of the meeting, however, was reserved for tho last race, a match in which Lord Glasgow's colt by Barba tua, out of Brown Bess, defeated Sir Joseph n»wley's Jerby crack St. Alexis, at even weights, over tho R.ow oy mile. 3 and i to 1 was freclv laid on the Baronet, but tho Laird's colt won easily, and St. Aloxia was then and thero knocked out of tho Derby betting. Amongst the ex:itements of the meeting must be num bered Ua jolly row' in the Subscription room ono even ing, to which you will see allu«ion mado in BtU's Life, but without any mention of names ; tho principals, how ever, wero Major Hope Johnstone and a betting man bight Stephenson, and 'tho difficulty' arose— as is very frequently tho case— out of ' chaff/' 09 to whether Hie gallant Major or the Chevalier el'Imlustrie bad most money in his pocket. The affair was not over creditable to either party, nnd they were served very rightly in being made to apologiso to tho room. Tho Chester Meeting was decidedly a success, oven the Cup turning out an ngreeablo disappointment to the anticipations which had been founded on tho utter stag nation which had prevailed in the ring about this event throughout tbe spring. Proceedings commenced on Tuesday tho 13th for tbo Grosvenor Stakes, for which threo went to the post— Sawcutter, Palestro, and Dusk; the last-named colt was beaten easily, but a magnificent race enBued between tho other two, ending in tho victory of Sawcutter by n head. The Mostyn Stakes, of 10 sovs each, with 100 sovs added, attracted savmi -.tnrt«ni iim- a moioty of tho lot entored, and of these Blitbfield w.ib the universal selection from his Liverpool running. Indeed, his party 'piled the pieces up' as if it was over; but Carnival, a very smart colt of Mr. Naylor's, albeit liomo trained, 'overturned tho boiler,' nnd won cleverly by night or ten lengths. Hoyallieu and Dask, for tbo second time, wero brought out to oppose tho Vest colt in tho Palatino Cup Stakes. Mr. Merry and his friends had a high opinion of this latter animal's chance, and backed him freely at 2 to 1 and 9 tq4 against tho flelJ. Ho could not run a yard, howove'r, having ovidently been nobbled, nnd Dusk even beat him for second place. So satisfied was Mr. Merry that foul play hud been practised, that ho at once dismissed tho lad who bad been looking after tbe colt. Tho day'a sport con cluded by Captain Christie's gallant old mare, Miss Julia, winning a half-mile handicap in her usual style, io loss than twenty-threo runners were telegraphed for the Cup, to the eminent discomfiture of tbo croaking prophets, who announced that a ' dozen at the outside,' would constitute tbo field. Of thrso, Fairwater, from tho magnificent condition in which old Tom Ollivor brought her out, was decidedly the favour ite, 4 to 1 being tho most odds that could be obtained about her ; Stumpcdo, notwithstanding his having thrown out a curb, Btood next upon the list, then Carac tacus, and Zodiac who had so long held the command in tho Botting Market was sent into the fourth place. There were, as usual, several scrimmages in tho race, and tho 'most experienced jockeys wore seemingly more engaged in looking out for the safety of thoir own necks than in trying to win ; tho result was that tho first four wero all outsiders, the winner, Tim Whiiller, having been scarcely mentioned, while tho Vest colt, who had been ' knocked out ' after his defeat on tho previous day, ran the good horse ho showed himself to be at Epsom. His performance, of course, strengthened Buckstono's position for the Derby, as 'the comedian' can, it is said, do anything he likes with the Vest colt. The much belauded Zodiac never was in the race, and tho journey proved too long for the favourite. Wild Rose and Caractacii3 ran well for a curtain distance, but could'nt got home; but Brighton and Sappho struggled on most gamoly into tho third and fourth places respec tively. I confess I cannot beliovo tho raco to have been run iruiy, as, 11 it was, Jim tv miner must be ono of the best horses in England, nnd this his previous performances certainly do not indicate. For n thrce yoar-oldto carry Cst 111b, and win the Chester Cup, is no ordinary foat if ' flukes' aro to bo barred in our estimnto of it. When Alice Hawthorn won the Cup twenty years ago, sho was four years' old and only carried Cat, twoyeara altcrwards Itod Deer, 3 yrs, carried 4st! Tho iamous Nancy, then three, in 1851, carried -1st 121b, and Joo Miller tho following year had only 4st 101b up, in fact; tho highest weight that any winning three-year-old has carried till this year is St. Albans, in 18C0, ost 31b — between which weight and Gst 111b is eo wide a margin that I do not wonder Tim Wbiiller was dis regarded by ovcry body, and that I taho tha liberty of doubting tho oorreclness of tho form dispalycd. Dusk turned the tables on Sawcutter in tho liiree-milo raco for Her Majesty's Plate, and oldjMiss Julia, with Ost 81b on her back, won another half-milo Handicap brilliantly. Tho Deo Stakes was of course tho fcaturo of Thursday's racing, though tho quality of iho competitors was nothing very gaudy, Costa, Hubert, Alchyiniat and the Lady Evolyu colt being the beat of the lot. Alchyrulst was picked out to win, though on what groundait in not easy to see j but though ho ran fast ho cut It liko a cur directly ho wua called upon, nnd tho finish was loft to Costn and tho Lady Evelyn colt, between whom it was very CI030 Indeed, tho judgo's decision being in fivuur of Costa by n head ; but Asbmall, who rodo Iho other, declares that but for Costa hanging upon him and driving him upon tho rails he could hive won. This raca is notablo from tho fact of Mr. Merry having declined for tho first time to avail himself of Ciistanco's services, and having put Challonor up in his place on Costa. Mr. Merry refused to givo any othor reason than his right to employ any jockey ho pleased, upon which Custance very properly resigned the ' souls of oUlco,' by sending in his'cap and jacket to Mr, Merry. The reflection which we, lookers-on, como to in this matter is, that Custance will find it much easier to get another equally good master than Mr. Alerry will to get an equally good jockey. ? The only events noticeable in Friday's list are tho Stewjrd3' Cup and tho Hooton Stakes. In tho former, the Vest colt, afterwards namei ' Investment,' won in a canter, beating Palestro, Lady Hipon, and Jheldi, and doing the distance— one mile seven furlongs— in 3 mill. 3G sec ; whilo in the two-year-old Scurry Mr. Merry's colt Kscape, by Teldington, inade,E.u.?b. -?'! examplo'of the thrps animals opposed to hiii that bo was nt once installed favourite for the Derby, IS63, at 25 to 1. At Tork tho fields were small, and the influence of the racing upon 'coming events' not very important. Of the first five races on the opening day, Fordham landed four, including the chief event ol the meeting, the Great .Northern IlnnJican. in which tho finish mu left to Hie threo favourites, Ivanhoff, Caractacus, nnd The Wizard, the only difference between the race and the betting being that The Wizard at the finish divided the two favourites, against each of which 3 to 1 was the piice quoted at starling, while 5 to 1 was in several instances laid against The Wizard. Ashmall, who rode the last named horse was unable to hold him or he must have won, and as it was it took Fordham All his time to beat him with Ivanhoff, who was in magnificent fettle — Caractacus couldn't stay the distance. The Zetland Stakes, for two-year-olds, fell to the « hitewall stAble, wiih Laura, an Orlando filly- of good promise. The favourite was scarcely mentioned in tho bettmcr, but she beat tho crack Bohemia, nnd Borealis,— poor Blink Bonny's first foal— without diffi culty. Spicebox, 5 yrs, 7st 01b, beat a field of fifteen for the Londesborough Cup, and Capo Flyaway, with Sst 101b on bis back, disposed of Virgilius, Lady Ripon, Gardener, and Dntch Sam. In tho vivinn- nniritam'Q Handicap, without ever being extended'. Salisbury races wero very well attended on tbe two days succeeding York, and many persons who had nssb'ed nt Knavesmire on tho 21st; showed also on the Wiltshire downs on the 22nd. Old Buccaneer, big as a prizo bullock, but as handsome as a picture, contcred uway from Repose in the Trial, and The Roe, with Ford ham up, carried the Dnke of. Beaufort's popular colours to victory in the 'Wiltshire Stakes, and Dusk, who, liko so many of Tom Parr's horses, seems to bo running him self into form, won the Queen'a Plate, thereby giving Star of the West a lift among the outsiders in the Derby betting. The gallant Blink Bonny, who had been suffering from the kidneys for weeks, h'ad to be destroyed on tbo 19th inst. Sho leaves as her produce Borculisi ' herinbefore mentioned,' Blair Athol, as a'yearling by Stockwell ?out of her is called, anbTacolt foal by tilockwell, which is being reared by 0 cart mare. OJd Calabar was scratched for tbe Derby on the 21st inst., and his backer* derive littlo comfort from tbo declarations mude beforo a magistrate by Stephenson, bis former traintr, and Arber, the brother-in-law, who ' performed.' No value at all, indeed, is attached to theso documents. The length to which Turf matters have carried me this month, leaves roe little room' to talk about other sports. On Tuesday, lue 20th of April, Mickey Gannon and Je3se Hatton met to settle their long deferred' affair of honour,' which was originally to have come off on the 17th December, 1801, for £25 a-tide; but the peelers interfered, the stakes wero in consequence doubled, and the 'cause set down for trial' on the above-named dav. Jesso Hatton, in his best form, never was any thing more than an outsider; and on this occasion, stafe, slow, and out of condition, ho never had the ghost of a chance with the fresh young Irishman,— who was de clnred tho victor when thirty-nine rounds had been fought, occupying a few minutes over tbe hour, and who left the ring without a Bcratch. A very much better fight than the above came off on Wednesday, May 7th, between two little 'unf, Peter ...v...... w, uiuutu^uituii aim tfucti noriiey, 01 j^onaon, for £25 a-side. After a regular ding-dong upstanding mill, Morris was bailed the winner at the end of two hours and twenty minutes, during which timo 59 rounds were fought most gallantly by each of tho bantams. A now-and unknown aspirant for tbo bolt has turned up under tho auspices of the Brummagem generalissimo, Bob Brettle, and £5 a side having been Btaked, Maco covered it. At this Tom King is wrotb, nnd says he is entitled to have first shv, as he has -only refrained from challenging Maco before this, at the Champion's oim request! King adds, that if Mace won't give him ' first turn,' he will fight tho winner of tho mill for the Cham pionship, nnd Mnce ' anyhow,' whether Maco wins or loses, so the Norwich Pet is likely to have his banis full. J. Burko has arrived, and several customers want a cut at him. Everybody was glad to welcomo tho 'Australian cricketers,' as they call the ten who have returned from their engagement with Messrs. Spiers and Pond, but of course their return was not celebrated here in as de monstrative a manner as their arrival was in Victoria. Six out of tho ton, played last week in the United All England Eleven at Soiithsea, against twenty-two of the Sast Hants Club. The match was drawn, but as tho Eleven got 09 in their first inning?, and 250 in their second, against 93 scored by tho twenty-two in their first innings, and 29 with seven wickets down in tho second, I do not imagine thorowss much chance of tho United being defeated.' Henley Regatta is fixed for tho 7th of July; vory late, but the Commemoration at .Oxford pracludes an earlier fixture. And now one parting word about tho subject upper most iu every one'a thoughts— the Dorby,— at which par parentheset tho Japanese Ambassadors nro to bo present. Marquis is in immense force, but I don't thinkhc Will Will. Jitll'kstnnn in «r*slri*-nIiT an firm in ntiMi/t nnlninn as he was, but 1 know Mr. Merry backed him for £1000 of his own money nt the Newmarket Spring Meeting, and as Mr. M. is not one to throw hia money away, and has an unmistakable trial horse in Thor manby, I think Buckstono best of all to Btand on in tho race. Caterer ran well in tbo Two Thousand after throwing a plato, and Ashmall on tho Marquis looked anxious at one time. Foiling Buckstone, I look to Caterer. Of the outsiders, for tboBO fond of a long shot, I prefer Norroy aud Star of tho West, Tho former, if ho is anything better than Wingrave, when Wingravo is well and in the humour, must have a great chance, while Tom Parr is always dangerous and should know, through Dusk, what eort of a chance his colt has. I en closo tho lutest Letting of Saturday, tho 24th. i^onirary to expectation uusmess was almost at a stand still, both backers nnd layers appearing frightened to opon fire. Dusk, from the manner in which he spread eagled tho field opposed to him in tho Queen's Guineas at Salisbury, was supported for tho Somersetshire Stukes at 100 to SO, and at tho finish only 3 to 1 was obtainable nbout him. West End, Moorcock, and Canary woro the only animalB backed beside*. Lord Coventry's representative, Sappho, seemed to bo under a clond, 100 to 8 being freely oll'ered without a response. Caractacus, elevated by the Ring to tho dignity of a ' Roman Candlo' of nuothor kind, by the Btj-lo and titlo of ' Cardinal Wiseman,' did not burn brightly, 1200 to 100 being offered against him, which his owner refnsed to take. For the Dorby tbo two favourites wero firm at their quotations; Norroy and Spito wero tbo only other animals inquired after ; Zetland, Caterer, and tho Star of the West being only backed for nominal suras. Emign was again the ' mysterious Jack' of tho day; at first 25 lo I was offered against him, bat at the closo 20 to 1 found no takers. Latest nrices :— llATIi AND SoMEnSETSIIinS STAKES. 3 to 1 agst Duek (t freely) loo to 8 agat Sappho foIT) 6tol „ West End(t&o;(T) Kio to R ° Carcctacui (off) stol „ Moorcock (t) loo to 8 „ Canary (off) 100 to 8 „ I'bantom (off) n ' DEnnr. 1 to 2 agst The Marquis (t) loo to 3 agst Notttngham(om Btol „ liuckstone (t) 60 to I „ Arconaut (t and lltol „ Caterer ( t & off; offi |°°»O8 „ Zetland m CO to I „ Typee colt (t and 100 to 8 „ Stockwell colt oil) (off) tOOOtols „ Vunfrinrd (t) SOtol „ Ncptunus((&oiT;) icootolO „ Aceof Clubs ft) 50 tot „ linslgn (t & off) 1000 to S „ Wlncravo (olf) 22 to l „ Spited) Otol „ Lord Glasgow's 1000 1035 „ Norroy (t) lot (ofl1) 100 to 3 „ Sturof the West l ' (t nnd off) ? A Disgraceful Old itKfuoiiATE.— At tbo St. Kilda Pollcj Court on Tuesday, tho magistrates were otiRnged for some time in hearing, with oloied doorB, tbo p.rticularsof a case of a very unptanrnnt charactor. An old and deformed man, a shoeimkcr, mined William B«SBCtt Mason, residing In St. Kilda, was charged with an assault with intent upon three littlo girls, nine, ten, nnd elevon yetrs of nge respectively, and apparently tho children of very rcapcctablo parents. Ou theso charges the prisonei was romanicd till yesterday. He waa also charged with ' unlawfully nnd carnally knowing and abusing ' another young girl, under twelvo years of ajo In this caso tlio evidonco, which was of courso unfit foe publication, nppc»red to bo complota 'gainst tlio nrl sonor, and ho m committed to tako ,'iis trial for the ofl'cnco. It seemed that the pirla wera in tho hnbii ol going to tho prisoner's houso, having beon induced ti do so by small presents of pence, fruit, nnd toys, and wlillo theio ho took tho opportunlly of practising indeccnci«s upon them. The prisoner in, 09 we hnvo already said deformed, nnd about pixty-nino voars of niro. L Adveiu I3HMKST.] — Takb Noticb. - Tain Curran, Champion of Victoria, beg3 to announce to his frlenda that, owing to the vory great patronage he has received, ho haB been enabled to gratify his ambition to be tho owner of a first-class hotel in Melbourne j and is npw in a position to receive a visit from his metropolitan and up country friends to tbo Cosmopolitan hotel, noxt the Thoatro Royal, Great Bourko street, where they will meet with a hearty welcome. In audition to tho^iotel, he has a first-class rcataurant, whero everything is supplied of tho first quality on tho most modorato terms. T. C. wiatcs further to cull the attention of his friends— In addition to his choice stock of wines and spirits— to his splendid oystor saloon, whero will be found an abundant supply of Sydnoy rock nnd Spring Bay oysters, lie aleo draws tho attention of tho curious 'to his collection of Bporting pictures, newspapers, and books, in which will lie found Iho dolnils of all the fights for tho last eighty years H la 6Jea of Sell's Life in London and Sell's Life In Vic lorfaarocomplotofortholastfourycaM, and aro, perhaps tlio only filoi available to thojsporting public in the colony Notwithstanding the increase of his Imalnoss as a pub lican, tho Champion continues to give lessons in the art of aclf-defonce. Ilaying had the honour of instructing evor 700 pupils lince ho has boen in Molbourno, ho wishes to inform his old members that be is always ready for a littlo glovo practice with thorn, or to initiate any of their friends. Hia elaborate gold champion belt, tho moat valuable la the world, can bo seen »t the bar 