JOTTING. ABOUT THE if CHINESE. SomE CUSTOSIS RDI, TIN TO THE USE OF | , SVMSHOO, oat s CHINESE WINE. ' Ardent spirits in use among this people, made by themselves, among foreigners is known generally under the name of Samshoo. It is most usually at least in this part of the empire (Hong Kong), made from a mixture of red and white rice, or "millets" as that particular kind' of glutinous grain is sometimes called. When made from red millet, or from a mixture of red and white millet, it is of a reddish colour. When distilled from white rice or white millet, it has a whitish colour. It is sometimes distilled from potatocs,beans,or sugar-cane. But I did not propose to tell how, or of what, Samshoo is made, but to notice certain established customs in regard to its use. 1 Chinese wine is extensively used in idolatrous worship In the offering of meats and vegetables before the ancestral tablets, it is affirmed by the Chinese that every family almost invariably uses three, five, or ten cups' of wine. In presenting oblations of food before idols, strictly and exclusively belonging to the Buddhist religion, as the Goddess of Mercy,Samshoo is almost never used, especially if the worshipper is carefully to carry out the rules and principles of that sect. As a matter of fact, now-a-days, the use of wine in these religious acts is said to be becom- ing more and more common. Tea leaves, are generally used in the place of white. In regard to oblations of food presented before idols belonging to the Tauist religion, the use of Samshoo is very common, if not quite universal. Besides the three, five, or ten cups of wine, sometimes three cups, containing in each a small quantity of tea leaves, are also arranged on the altar or table. Wine is also used when one makes an offering of food, mock-clothing, and mock-money, to ghosts or spirits in the infernal regions. In worshipping the dead at their graves annually, wine is one of the articles arranged in front of the tombstone, as if before the dead. As a general remark, the sufferer on these occasions near the close of the accompanying ceremonies, takes a cup of the wine which has been presented, and pours out some of it on the ground, or on the hot ashes of the mock-paper money, or into the censor, or on the gravestone, etc., according to the circumstances of the case. This act of pouring out the wine is usually explained as a mark of special respect on the part of the offender as an especial offering to the object worshipped, and is done with reverence and solemnity, being regarded as an important if not essential portion of the ceremonies. What is left at the close of the worship is consumed by the worshippers in the feast which follows. 2\. Wine is universally used on festive occasions. However much the people may abstain from samshoo from day to day, and on ordinary occasions, and at ordinary meals, there is no such thing as teetotalism on festive social gathering, as on the celebration of birthdays, weddings, meetings of clubs, when entertainment is provided, at feasts given on the opening of a store or a hong, or soon after removing into new house, etc., etc. When- ever a regular invitation to breakfast, dinner, or supper is given to relatives, or friends, or neighbours, wine must be had upon table. Each guest or rather all who take their seats at the table, is provided with one small onion cup, which is very much like a small tea-cup. The red millet wine, as used here on festive occasions, is always drunk hot. When the meal is nearly finished, the host proposes wine, and fills all the cups of the table where he is sitting. Then lifting his cup of steaming wine to his lips he invites the company to drink with him. They all simultaneously drain their cups, which it is not a difficult task to do, so far as the quantity of their contents is concerned. They then cut a little longer, when they drink another round of wine, and so on ad libitum. Many, however, do not drink all, but only a part of the contents of their cups at a round. Sometimes, and even frequently in the case of the wealthy, and of those who are fond of the cup, from ten to thirty or even forty rounds are drunk. Those who cannot drink wine so freely without becoming drunk, let their cups stand filled in front of them on the table, excusing themselves from dr sinking offering some apology to the company ( or they take their cups, and raise them to their lips, with or without tasting, as they please, while the others drink. The host urges the company to take wine, and drinking it freely and frequently, is understood to be a mark of respect for him. He often represents the importance of their drinking, to make up for the scantiness and the ill-flavour ; of the eatables pro- I visited., , _ 6 Females drink wine on festive occasions as universally as men, but they do not imbibe as much. The hostess takes the initiative, in pouring out the wine, and in inviting her guests to drink. As is well known, females at feasts always sit by themselves, and males by themselves. No feast among the heathen Chinese would be considered proper and complete, which should not have wine provided and used according to custom. It may perhaps be worth while to state in this connection, that at least some of the native Christians do not look upon this use of wine as proper, and therefore 'do not furnish or use it on festive occasions among themselves On several weddings known to the writer among the native Protestant Christians at this port, there has been no were provided by the host for use at the table of his friends. This was intimated to be the course which would be followed by the peculiar, wording of the invitations given out to the invited guests, or by the guarded language employed when speaking to them about the East on such occasions, calling it an " invita- tion to drink tea, instead of an 'invita tion to drink wine." ' This latter expression is a stereotyped form of invitation to a feast, whatever may be the time or occasion. Invitations to dinner given or received on the part of the foreign residents in China who neither themselves use nor provide wine, or any kind of spirits for use on their tables, are called generally even by their own servants, and always by other Chinese when speaking of them, " invitations to drink wine,'', according to the custom of the country. A certain noisy game is oftentimes played by two persons on a festive or joy- ful occasion, the design of which seems to be to see which of them can make the other drink the most wine before drunkenness ensues, or before one withdraws from the contest. This is called " blow- ing the fist," and consists in' both parties simultaneously throwing out, towards the other, one of their fists, and sticking out one or more of the fingers on these fists. While in the very act of doing this, each pronounces some numeral, which the speakers guess will be the aggregate number of the fingers thus stuck out from both fists. Should the number pronounced by either be the precise number of these fingers, he who pronounced it is reckoned the winner, the other the loser. The loser drinks as the forfeit a cup of wine, and the game proceeds. Should neither guess the right number, the game proceeds without either drinking. If both happen to guess right, each drinks a cup of wine or both refrain from drinking, as they are pleased to agree, and proceed with the game. Examples thrusts out two fingers, and cries out " six ;" B at the same moment, thrusts out three fingers and cries out " four." In such a case neither wins, as two and three makes five, neither " six" nor " four." A calls '. five," and thrusts out one finger ; B calls " two" and thrusts out four. In this case A wins, as one and four make " five," which was the number he guessed. B drinks a cup of wine as his forfeiture, being the loser. The Chinese usually are very boisterous in playing this game, as both parties become excited, and under the influence of the spirits they have drunk. Not unfrequently are there four, six, or more persons in the same room, and even around the same table, engaged at the same time in playing this game. There is another play or game, in which scholars or literary men are accustomed to engage on festive occasions, much more intellectual and less noisy and boisterous than the one just described. This play only slightly resembles the custom of drinking toasts at parties in Western lands. It consists in some one out of those seated around the table near the conclusion of the feast, pronouncing a line of poetry, which must be matched by another line by all the rest, or in case of default, a cup of wine must be drank. Usually the host or the chief guest begins the play by repeating the poetry, which is not original. The reply of the company must be also in selected poetry and made in the order of their seats. Those who cannot remember and pronounce correctly a line corresponding to the line proposed by the one who commenced the round, corresponding in regard to number of characters, or to the principal word or subject, etc., according to the established rules of the play, is reckoned as beaten, and must drink a cup of wine, unless excused by the company. There are several methods of playing the game, which are all comprehended under the same general name. Usually there is some word contained in the line first given, or some subject referred to in the line which is mentioned by the host or guest who begins thcplay,as access "serves me routine or referred to in the lines of ''seed by the rest as replies. For , pronounces. di s,, d ,. example: issue "of , ' . , the first word of the line given out by the chief of the play, the replies must all have the word " winds for the ^ 5's who cannot instanter pronounce a . round. match it when his turn comes, uni t , v his wine, and the next one must. ,' Should, the word selected be "heard," of some word referring to the beard, then all the answers must contain the word "beard" or some term which refers to the board, in order to be accepted by the person who, for the time being, is director and judge. The more intellectual and educated the persons who engage in this play on social gatherings the more interesting. is it. On these occasions there is, however, nothing, as far as the knowledge of the writer extends, like extempore toasts and speech-' making indulged, by the Chinese. There may be considerable flow of wit, but little originality allowed ' or required at these times. One of the principal objects kept before the mind of the company is the drinking of wine, and one of the most manifest effects produced, oftentimes, is noisy boisterousness or stupid drunken- ness. Overland China Mail, 1st April. 