Fables and Fools - Richard Jones' Opinion of Congewoi Smith and his Letters. To the. Editor of the Bathurst Free Press and Mining Journal. SIR, — I went to Tim Thornton's on Monday, 29th, to let him know what I thought of John Smith and his ritings. After we'd had a blow out of bacon and turnip tops (we can't get any cab- bage now), we squared round to the fire an lit our pipes. ' Well,' ses Tim, ' did you reed the letters ? aint Smith a stunner ?' ' I red the let- ers. I replied, and the 'clusion I've come to is, that John Smith is something like Sam Slick. Who's Sam Slick ?' ses Tim. ' Why Sam Slick is the name of a book,' ses I, ' as was ritten by a Canadian lawyer, called Judge Haliburton. This cove was a tory as rote for the purpus of getten up a feeler agin democracy in the United States, and in Canada. He describes Sam Slick as a lowrbred Yankee, as went about the States, and who relates his experience of human natur an politicks. Well, Slick tells some stunning yarns, some larferable', some are meleerkolly, and all are full of strong common sense; but he alwes brings n something ag'n deniocracy; nor dont do it iu a fair manuly way neither: he institutes comparisons tween things as has no 'nalogy whatever, just the same way as Smith does. But the book did'nt have the effect intended; for though the Yankees larfed at his jokes, they wouldn't have anything to do with his politiks. They stuck to their Universal Suffrage, payment of members, and all that sort of thing ; and Haliburton has the mor- tification of seeing his countrymen, the Canadians, at the present time, as democratic as the Yankees; payment of members, and all the rest of it to. The reason is clear ennt, the book was a 'dodge' to entrap the unthinking; and it was soon ex- posed as all 'dodges' will at one time or another.' ' Just to give you some idea of what I means,' ses I, ' I'll' make some comments on some of Smith's letters. One of these letters is taken up with a yarn about a New Chum Superinteuder. Well I red that yarn backwards, forards, siedwes, and crossways, five or six times and I couldu'nt make any sense of it. I larfed sertenly when the super' got in the card among a mob o' wild cattle, (though that wasn't the most natural thing in the world for a rare young towney to do), and I larfed when Smith chiseled the super out o' the working bullocks, but I couldn't made out what Smith was aim'in' at. He couldn't have ment that a young man could never be a good practical over- seer cause he'd been a counter-jumper; for if he ment that he might as well say a 'cockney' conld never be a good bullock driver; though we kuow that cockeys make as good bullock drivers as any after a few months' training. The fact is any young man that's fond of the bush and sets his mind to it can' learn all the bush knowledge he wants in twelve months. Nor he couldn t have ment that there was any 'nalogy 'tween the super and Mr. Weekes, the Treasurer. Mr. Weekes can't do nothing by himself; he has to consult his mates, and he has to face the Assembly, and what the Assembly tells him to do he must do, and no mistake; he may make what proposition he likes, but the Assembly is the master after all. So, there's no 'nalogy 'tween Mr. Weekes and the super so far. Mr. Weekes may be a bad Trea- surer, but Smith hasn't shown how, 'cept by com- paring him to counter-jumping superintender; aud that's what the lawyers call assertion, not proof. Then agin look at Smith's letter on ' tracking.' There's a capital yarn about a little girl as was lost in the bush, that almost makes you cry, when lie tells you how the poor thing picked up the flowers and wandered about; your hair stands on an end when he mentions the hawks and the crows; and you feel as if a moun- tain had been taken off your breast when he tells you 'the crow's meal wasn't ready; ' but what has all this to do with Cuneen, the member of Parliament? All I can make out of it is that Cuneen is a liberal as voted for Free Selec- tion, and generally sticks to the Cowper Ministry, and for thati reason Smith hates him, but neither me nor nobody else can t see no 'nalogy 'tween Cuneen and the little girl or anybody else in the tracking story. But then you see Smith don't, rite these letters for men of sense; ho rites em for the ignorant as can't reeson. He spins em a nice pleasant yarn, and at the end of it he tells em the yarn, proves some liberal to be a fool or a rogue; and he thinks as the simpletons will swallow all his assertions lumpus and never see his trickery; just like a doctor as has to 'minster a dose of fisic to a child, rolls the dose well up in sugar, and the child thinking it all right swallers it greedily at fust; but as the child finds out the doctor's trick sooner or later, so will the electors find out Smith's dodge fore long, if they hasn't found him out already. When I was a kid at school I had a book of amusin and instructing fables. There was one yarn in it as I was very partial to, and as I often thinks over now; that was a yarn about the 'wolves and the sheep.' Once upon a time and a very good time it was, in some part of Urope there was a mob of wolves as was pretty nigh starved out, and they couldn't get at the sheep or cattle on account of the care as the shepherds aud stockmen took of 'em. Well the wolves consulted a long time what they had best to do, and at last they hit on the following 'dodge.' They dressed up some of themselves in sheepskins, and they fitted 'em on so well that some of the wolves was going to kill 'em and cat 'em, they looked so like sheep; but they was restrained by some of the more coolheaded coves. In that part of the country there was a place as was called in the language of the country "Devil's cave." This was about half a mile long and not more'n fifty yards broad; as for the depth nobody could tell, seeing that nobody liked to go down, it was so steep, and rocky; and all covered over with trees and briars, bound together with wild vines as thick as your arm. The superstitious people used to say as devils and ghosts and all sorts of goblins stopped down there; and on this account nobody 'd try to go down, so the wolves and other creatures had it all to themselves; although there was plenty of first-rate feed right up to the edges of the cave, the shepherds wuldn't allow their flocks to go nigh it. Well the wolves, as was dressed in sheeps' clothing, was sent among the sheep; and they was to draw 'em on till they got 'em near the gulley and then all the other wolves was to rush out and drive as many as they could right into it. The poor sheep liked their new mates first-rate, they was so lively and frisky; and they follered 'em about wherever they went; and in spite of all the shepherds could do they was drawing near the gully. The shep- herds couldn't understand it at all, but they watched some of the leading sheep, as they thought, and they noticed as they were uncommon smart on their pins for sheep, and as they didn't eat no grass much, but just nibbled a bit, and spit it out agin, as if it did'nt agree with their stomachs, and when they went near them they showed their teeth; and by Job! they wasn't sheep's teeth. Well, the shepherds got crabbed, and tried to knock some of em down, and then there was a bole out and no mistake. The wolves commenced snapping and barking in a way there was no mistakin, so the sheep bolted home and left the shepherds and wolves to fight it out. One or two of the wolves was cooked, so the rest cut and run. Now, that's the way with John Smith, and the fools he's trying to take in. He's one of the wolves dressed in sheep's clothing, and so natu- rallythat you'd scarcely know him; only when you watch him close you see he's too smart to be what he pretends to be; and now and then when he tries to rite about progress and benefitting the working classes, and all that, you find that it don't agree with his stomach, and he runs on agin about the stupidness aud roguery of the liberals. The ignorant people is the sheep as are pleased with his yams, and would foller him anywhere, only the shepherds are on the look out; they sees his teeth, and they knows what he is, and he will be suappin and barkin as soon as he's touched, and then it's a case with him. Democracy is the place where the good shep- herd's feed their sheep ; Aristocracy is the 'Devil's Cave' as is inhabited by ravenin wolves as will come out and destroy all before em if the shepherds don't look out. So you see there's more 'nalogy in this yarn th an there is in any of Smith's; ' I dou't know but you're right,' ses Tim, ' but then yoo see if Democracy goes ahead what's to become of our kids ? They wo'nt have half so much chance to rise, cause there'll be so many clever fellows of the lower classes tryin' to rise too ; but if we sticks to Aristocracy as large landholders 'll have all the patronage of the country in our hands, and whot odds who suffers if our families don't suffer.' ''Tim,' ses I, 'the best pervision as we can make for our families is to try to better the con- dition of the people. The higher rise in working classes, the better off our families 'll be if they should go down in the world when we're gone. All the laws in the world won't make rich men's children no wiser, nor no more pro- viden than poor man's ! so there'll allwes be ups and downs, while the world lasts. You see Tim, Natur is a leveller and Wisdom is a democrat, and if we want to make the world happy we must foller Natur and Wisdow.' ' Well Dick,' ses Tim, ' you're a long heded feller and I won't argy with you. I dare say you're right; but I'm almost too old to change my opinions.' Tim and me shook hands and parted. RICHARD JONES. Solitary Creek, near Hartley. 