SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. (BY SOLOMON SNAIL.) SOMETHING ABOUT LIFE ASSURANCE. "OCH murther! murther! be me granmother's ghost, I'm kilt intirely, so I am, and its yerself has done it Mick Rooney, yer big surly vaggibin yer. I'm spotted all over like Tim Mooney's piebald pony, wid the ugly bating yer guv me last night, sorra a limb uv me could I move if the hut was on fire. Och hone! I'm kilt, I'm kilt, an bad luck to yer Mick Rooney for doing it, but yer'll be hang'd, so yer will. and I shall be mighty glad of it, so"----- "Be jabers! ye'd betther be aisy, or I'll soon make yer shtop yer noisy blather with another tashte or two uv me shillaley," replied Mick Rooney in an angry tone, "Here I am, come home to me dinner, as hungry as a blackfellow's dingo, and sorra a haporth uv any- thing in the house to ate big enough to bait a rat-trap; and here's the poor childers, dhirty as Barney's pigs, crying for their bit o' vittles, while ye're lying in bed half dhrunk, and groaning like Casey's old cow, bad cess to yez, aint yer ashamed ov yerself intirely? Dash'd if it doesn't pritty nigh drive me cranky to look at yer, so. But I'll be off an lave yer jist now, althegether, an I've a mighty good mind to crack all yer bones for yer before I go, and thin mayhap ye'll not be so nimble to rin to the grog shop. Where's me Sunday shirt? yer crater, yer, an have yer sowld that, besides all yer own an the childrens's bits o' duds." "Arrah! didn't yer begin to sell all the traps yer- self, Mick Rooney? yer lazy, skulking, animated rum keg," retorted Mrs. Rooney, "an didn't yer take iverythin out uv the house, barrin the straw bed, that nobody ud buy, an the log table, and the stool, an the three-legged pot, that's cracked be the same token, an shure, didn't yer sell me poor owld aunt Biddy's bellows last night for ninepence, an git half dhrunk wid the money; and thin, bekase yer couldn't git quite dhrunk, yer came home cross an cranky, an bate the life clane out uv me, wid the leg uv the stool, yer wicked haythin yer! Didn't yer do all that now, an a hape uv other ugly things besides, if I'd got breath to talk about 'em. Ugh, Mickey Rooney, Mickey Rooncy, sorra seize the day when I fust see'd yer ugly face. Shure I've had nothin' but hard work, an hard whacks iver since that time, and them's just what me poor owld mother sed I should catch from the likes o' you, but I didn't belave her, poor sowl. An it sarves me right, so it does after that, for iver spaking to yez, or lishtening to yer decateful blarney, bad manners to yer. Och musha, musha, what for was I fool enough to marry a man, who I was towld, thrue enough, would love the grog-shop betther than his own home; an playing at skittles betther than working for his childers; what for did I do that sure? an break me poor heart intirely. An its harf dhrunk too, that yer say I am is it?" continued Mrs, Rooney with increasing warmth, "Ain't yer downright ashamed o' yerself now, to tell such a thumping big crammer as that, whin I haven't had a tashte uv grog since yesterday morning, wus luck. An shure if I was dhrunk althegither, it ud be yer own fault Mick Rooney, so it would, for I niver tashted a single dhrop of grog in all me life afore I know'd you. Faix there wasn't a decenter gal on the river thin I wur, and so you've often towld me yerself, whin yer fust come a coaxing, an wheedling round me, wid yer face looking as swate as a sugar bag, an yer blarneying words like lollipops, till yer get me to like yer, ugh what a fool I wur. Thin I lift a comfortable home, an good friends, an give all I'd got in the world to yer, so I did, an in less nor two years afther ye'd promised to love me for iver, yer begun to git dhrunk, and to bate me like a bullock. Och, it was yer cruelty that druv me to dhrink at fust, Mick Rooney, an yer know it too. An now I dhrink grog whin I can git it, jist to drown me misery. Faix, it would take a mighty lot of grog to do that same too, I'm thinkin. But be off wid yer, like a murtherin big sot as ye are; if yer come anigh me another inch I'll shout murther, an if the constables come, I'll swear ye kilt me, so I will; git off wid yer now, lave me alone I tell yer, och mur- ther, murther, constables, murther." "Och, shillaleys an' stockwhips, I'll make yer scraache for something," exclaimed Mick, as he struck his wife savagely across the body with a thick stick, "There now, take that wid yer, an if yer don't like that I'll give yer another, take that, an that, an that," he continued, striking her with all his force, "Now mayhap ye'll be telling no lies whin ye say I kilt yer. There's a dose for a donkey, jist to quiet yer till I come back agin, and maybe that'll be a long time fust," he added as he rushed out of his miserable hut, leaving his wife shrieking murder, and her terrified children screaming around her. "Give us a gill o' rum, Misther Mac Swipes," said Mick Rooney, as he hastened into the bar of the Dog Trap Inn. "Hurry now, an good luck to yer," he added, "I'm goin across the river to shoe a horse for ould Blunt, and I'll pay yer win I come back, and maybe I'll lave yer the price a' me job besides." "Eh, mon! ye've a muckle score here the noo; an I canna gi' ye ony muir trust," drawled Mr. Mac Swipes, casting at the same time a calculating glance at his old customer; and then, as though the latter part of Mick's address had favourably impressed him, he added, "Weel noo, although I havena seen a bawbee o' yourn off the auld score this mony a lang day, as yo'll aiblins leave a leetle wi' me the nicht, I'll na turn ye awa thirsty like; I'll e'en gi' ye sax- pennorth, but I'll na scoore it doon, for my auld wifie wull fash me sair an she kens what I ha' done. Eh, mon—whist! here cooms auld Peg; ye'd better gang awa the noo, or ye'll get a flea in yer lug, I'm thinking." "Eh! I tell ye what, Sawney Mac Swipes, ye'll na gi' thot gowk ony mair grog without the siller, whiles my name's Peggy," said a nimble old woman, with a face as rugged as a rock melon, as she darted into the bar, and then darted a look at Mick, sharp enough to cut his nose off, while she enquired of him fiercely, "Do ye think we steal't our grog, mon, or dinna pay our merchant for't? Are honest folk's rum kegs to be drained as dry as a snuff-mull by the likes o' you, think ye? Hoot, toot! elves and bogles! What next, I'd like to ken? Noo, I tell ye what, Mick Rooney; ye'll na get enow to droon a flea out o' my taps, without the siller, so ye need na stond gaping there: gang an' work, ye lazy loon, an' pay yer debts like a mon. Just look at yer scoore—as lang as my twa legs—on the whiskey keg anent the door yonder; when will ye pay't, I'd like to ken? Mair trust, indeed! Ye maun ha' the brow o' the deil himsel to crave it of a body—toot! I wad'na gi' ye anither drap, an ye were groaning to death wi' the gripes; so noo gang awa wi' thot in yer teeth."— "And you, Sawney Mac Swipes," she continued, turning sharply to her bemuddled husband, "ye havena mair sense thon a swine. Ye'll just sup, sup, sup, all the day ling, an let ony lazy neer-do- weel, like yersel, come an tak the bread out o' your ain puir bairnies' mouths. I'm doonricht ashamet o' ye; ye dinna deserve an honest woman to tak care o' yer household, ye daft auld fule ye. Gang awa in to bed the noo, for ye're clean fou, and thot ony body can see. Gang in, I tell ye, mon, and dinna stond there leering at me, or ye'll fash me till I do ye a harm." Knowing, from long experience, the decisive cha- racter of Peggy Mac Swipes, Mick Rooney saw the hopelessness of any further attempt to satisfy his tor- menting craving for a gill of rum: so grasping his stick, he hurried down to the river, jumped into the ferry-boat, and was soon at the opposite side. After promising the ferryman to pay him his fare at some future time, Mick trudged along at a quick pace, in- tent upon making for the farm of his old friend and shipmate, Paddy Ryan, whom he had not seen for some years. A long and tiresome walk it was for Mick, through the dreary bush. Tormenting were the reflections which haunted him, and bitter were his self-reproaches the while. At length, hungry, thirsty, and footsore, and withal sorely grieved in heart that he had given poor Judy "such a bating," he arrived about sun- down in sight of Paddy Ryan's snug little hut. A snug little hut it certainly was, although merely built of rough slabs, and covered with bark. Every crack that could admit the least draught was carefully plastered over, and the whole, inside and outside, was well whitewashed. Monthly roses, passifloras, and honeysuckles, clustered around the rough verandah posts, and overspread the roof. A nice little flower garden in front, and a vegetable garden and orchard behind, were enclosed with sweet- briar hedges. In one corner, under the shade of a castor-oil tree, were half- a-dozen hives of bees. Outside this enclosure, and near to a substantial barn, were stockyards, milking bails, and a pigsty; and, as Mick drew near, Paddy Ryan was just giving a bucketfull of milk to half a score of porcine grunters, "Them's purty pigs, Paddy," was Mick's first saIute, as Paddy (who had not observed the approach of his friend) leant over the sty, to empty his bucket into the pigs' trough. "Troth, thin, they are purty pigs, and its meself as bred em," replied Paddy, and, on looking round, his bronzed, healthy face, brightened up with merry smiles, so peculiar to a warm-hearted Irishman, as he seized Mick's hand, and exclaimed with ecstacy "Arrah, me jewel, Mickey Rooney! how are yez? how are yez! Shure, thin, I'm as plazed to see yer, as if yer were my rich uncle Phelim, and had brought me a sackfull of suvverins, so l am. How's Judy, the dear cratur, and the childers? Bedad, thin, it's a thousand years since I seen yer last. Come along into the hut, me boy; poor ould Nelly will be plazed enough to jump out of her brogans to see yez. But is it ill yer are, Micky, darlint? Troth, ye don't look yerself at all at all; yer thin as my ould blind bul- lock Boxer, and yer face is as long as his tail, axing yer pardon. Arrah, cheer up, me honey, and be afther telling us all yer news by and bye; but come inside first. Hoy, Nelly; Nelly Ryan, where are yer, ye crater?" shouted Paddy, at the top of his voice. :Ah, here she comes," he added, with a serious glance at Mick. "Here she comes, the dear ould crater, hopping along like a magpie on one leg. By the same token, it was meself as made her hop, by an unlucky crack of my shillelay, afther I came home from Tim Murphy's wedding, and she's gone a hop- ping ever since, poor sowl, and that's just five years agone. Och! t'was bad work that, sure enough; and many's the time I've cried like a babby about it; but I haven't had a tashte of the grog since then, thank God! Troth, it was the grog made me bate poor Nelly that time; bad luck to the murtherin spalpeen as invinted it." "Och philleloo whack! is it draming I am?" shouted Nelly Ryan in an ecstasy, as she hobbled towards them at the top of her speed, with her hand extended, to greet her long-absent friend. "Mickey Rooney, honey! is it yerself? And where have yer bin all this long time? I feer'd yer were dead and buried long ago, so I did. Troth, thin, it's Nelly Ryan as is glad to see yez, and no mistake. Be the hoky, it's not fat ye've bin gittin, since I seen yer before, Mickey. But yer tired, I can see, so come along, and I'll soon make yer comfortable. Run, now, Paddy, like a good boy; get some eggs out of the hen's nest, while I cut some ham, for Mickey's hungry, I know, if he walked all the way from Fud- dleton since breakfast. The kettle's biling, and I'll soon have the tay ready. Run, now, Paddy, as if the cranky cow were behind yer: be off wid yer. Come, Micky, darlint, come into the hut. There, now, sit yer down in that arm chair and make yer mind aisy," said Nelly, as Mick slowly followed her inside her comfortable dwelling, while her little grey eyes glist- ened with pleasure, and her cheerful smiles spoke volumes of hearty welcomes. In a slabbed chimney-place, as large as a moderate sized coach-house, roared a blazing fire, over which, suspended by an iron hook, was a huge tea- kettle, with the steam issuing from its spout in volumes, like the mail packet just about to start. Arranged on shelves, inside the chimney, were cooking utensils of all sorts; while suspended to the nails above, and on the mantelshelf, were pot lids, candlesticks, and sundry tin and brass articles of domestic use, all shining as brightly as Nelly's face. A table in the centre of the clean-swept earthen floor, was laden with materials for a substantial supper. A large piece of corned beef, a nice, well-baked damper, recently taken from the ashes; a pot full of fresh butter, of Nelly's own churning; a large jug full of new milk, and a steaming four-quart tin teapot, were objects cheering enough to Mick, who had taken no food since breakfast; but Nelly insisted upon adding to the already abundant supply that favourite dish in the bush, ham and eggs. Soon the fryingpan was over the fire, and a dozen eggs, and sundry tempting slices of ham, were frizzling and sputtering, and emitting an odour which further stimulated Mick's ravenous appetite. "Light the lamp, Paddy, me honey," said Nelly, "and don't be hopping about there like a kangaroo." "There yer see, Mick, Nelly's the same funny ould stick as ever she wor. She's always badgering and blarneying me, God bless her," said Paddy, laughing merrily, as he lighted the bush lamp—a tinpot full of fat, with a large wick in it, which gave a brilliant light, and revealed to Mick's observant eyes scores of little comforts and conveniences which he had not seen before. "Patsy and Denis Ryan! I'm clane ashamed o' yez, so l am,' said Kelly, looking around from her occupation of separating the spluttering eggs in the fryingpan, to address her two red-faced, curly-headed boys, who were riding cock-horses on Mick's knees. "Behave yerselves, yer young wallobies! bad man- ners to yez; can't yer see Misther Rooney's half kilt with his long walk? Here, Norah, darlint! take those gossoons away," she continued, addressing her daughter, a pretty little blue-eyed girl, about ten years old, who was nursing a baby, and laughing at the pertinacity of her brothers, in turning Mick's legs into imaginary stock horses. "Now thin, boys, git out, or ye'll be scalt," said Nelly, taking the pan off the fire, and turning its contents into a large dish. "Sit up now, Mickey asthore! and try to make a male. Arrah, boys, git out wid yer, yer young raggimuflins," she added, giving them a good-natured tap on the head with the handle of the fryingpan; "git to yer stools now, immadiately. Shure, thin, they are as wild as young bandicoots, Misther Rooney, afther they come home from school. Sit down all of yez. Paddy, yer face is all over grins, like the top of me ould uncle Dan's fiddle. So, Norah, honey, say grace; ye can say it dacentiy. Whisht now, boys; be aisy for two minutes, or under the table yer go. Good girl, Norah. Yer said grace like a parson. Now, Mickey, fall too, and make a male; and shure you're as welcome as if it were all yer own." Most vigorously did the whole party commence operations on the wholesome viands before them; and many were the humorous sallies of Nelly (as she pre- sided at the Herculean teapot), which were generally directed at Paddy's omissions or blunders; for, in the excess of his joy at seeing his long-lost friend, he was, as he expressed it, not himself at all. "Did yer ever see sich a rum ould crater as Nelly, Mick?" enquired Paddy, convulsed with laughter. "Bedad, she'd make a man laugh if he'd got the cholery mopus, so she would." * * * * "Now, thin, Paddy, we'll go to prayers, and thin Norah will put those gossoons to bed, for yer'll get no pace till they're asleep; and aftherwards Micky and yerself can smoke yer pipes comfortably," said Nelly, after they had finished their meal, while she at the same time took from a shelf a large Bible, carefully covered with green baize, and handed it to Paddy, who put on his spectacles, and then slowly and reverently read a portion of the sacred oracle. They afterwards all knelt, and Paddy offered up a short but fervent prayer to Almighty God, in simple, humble phraseology, thanking Him for blessings be- stowed upon them during another day, and craving His gracious protection during the hours of night. (To be continued.) 