THE BUN AND THE LEAP Did you ever wo a more truculent fence than that on your right, which stretches along continuously fir twelve hundred yards or more, on the Bylstone side of the road on which we aw standing P The double mis, both sloping outwards, are much higher and wider apart than usual, and the charge of a squadron would hardly break the new touch oak timber; to go in and out is impossible, for there is a deep ditch in the middle fringed by meagre, stunted quiek-Bet; and, on the landing ajde there is actually another trench, vast treacherous planki between them. There was malice prepense in the mind that contrived that fearful barrier. The owner of the farm ia a morose, hud-fisted Scotch presbyterian, who regards all sport as a snare and device of the Evil One, and acta according to hw narrow light, viciously. When lie came into the country a year ago, he was t&ud; to warn the bounds off his land, but went to a considerable expense to stop them, as he thought, quite as effectually. The pleasant innovation of wiring the fence* was unknown in those days (soon, t auppose, they will strew aalthrops along the headlands, and conceal spring- — unuinglyvto «mlode if you hit the i) ; but David lfMHy»nd did bis worst after the faahion'Of fRff period; and so sat down behind his intrenchmentB with the grim satisfaction of a cotisummate engineer, waiting for the enemy to come on. " How very fortunate I" Helen Vavasour cried. " We are just in the right place; I they must cross the road, and we shall see all the fencing." Mrs. Brabaion was more experienced than ber companion, and, indeed, bad been no mean performer over a country, in her day. She shook her pretty head negatively as she answered— " I am afraid not, dear, unless there is an unusual amount of chivalry out to-day. I have been looking at that place, and I believe it is simply impracticable. They must get round it somehow, and the hounds will leave them here." The old groom, standing at the ponies' heads, touched his hat in assent and approval. " You're quite right, my lady," he said. " There's no man in these parts as would try that fence ; no more there didn't ought to. Its hard on a thirty foot fly, let atone the drop; and its a broken neck or back if you falls short, or hits a rail." Hie impaste is evidently well known, and the leaders of the field appear to be very much of th« speaker's opinion; for instead of following the hounds down the middle of the pasture, they begin to diverge on either side, the huntsman setting the example, * * * * * • Haifa minute later Maud happened to be looking in an opposite direction; an exclamation of the groom, and a low cry, almost like a moan, from her companion, made her turn quickly. Helen had dropped the reins; her bands were clasped tightly, as they lay on the bearskin rag, and her great eyes gleamed bright and wild with eagerness and terror; they were rivetted on a solitary horseman, who came down at the fence straight and fast. Alan Wyvserne had been baulked at the brook by someone's crossing him, and the \- ---r. --• - * •— ---.- - , <=•"* CLancer's Z turn o ot Sspeed t had ^ not X yet S quite S enabled him to make up lost ground. It so happened that hehsdriddenalongthatdouble on his way to the meet, and though be folly appreciated the peril, be had then decided that it was just within his favourite's powers, and consequently ought to be tried. Truly, at that moment, the pair would hare made a superb picture. Alan was sitting quite still, rather far back in the saddle; his hands level and low on the with ere,with hold enough on Bed Lancer's mouth to stop a swerve, but giving the head free and fair play; his lips slightly compressed, but not a sign of trepidation or doubt on his quiet lace. The brave old horse was in his way quite as admirable; like his master, he bad determined to get as far over the fence as pluck and sinew would send them; so on he came, with bis small Mrs pointing forward dagger-wise, momentarily increasing his speed, but measuring every stride, andjudging bis distance, so as to make off at* the proper spot to a line. They were within forty yards of the rails now, and still Helen Vavasour gated on—steadfast and statue-liko—without a quiver of lip or a droop of eyelash. Maud ftrabaison's nerves were better than most women's, but they failed her then She felt a wilddesire to spring up and wave Alan back ; but a cold faint shudder came over her, and she could only close ber eyes in helpless terror. There came a rush of hoofs sounding on elastic turf—a fierce snort as Bod Lancer rose to the spring—and then a dull smothered crash as of a huge body falling. Maud felt her companion sink back toheriide, trembling violently: then she heard a hoarse exclamation from the groom of wonderment and applause; then Wyvorne's clear voice speaking to his homo encouragingly, and tben—she opened her eyes just in time to see the further road-: fence taken in the neatest style possible. There had been no fall after all. Bed Lancer's hind hoofs broke *way the outer bank «*£ theditcb.Md he"knuckled" fearfully on boding; but a ctrong praetised hand recovered him just in time to save his credit and his knees. Negotiations wore entered Into soon afterwards witb Mr. Macausland, and powerful jrgumenta brought to bear on bis cupidity; the austere Presbyterian compromised with thB unrighteous Mammon, so far as to suppreM the obnoxious middle ditch and render the fenoe barely practicable. But they point out the spot still, as a proof of the e that a perfect hunter can cover, with raid of high courage and strong htndguarte;*, if he is ridd«> straight And fairly. That elderly groom, who is saturnine and sceptical by nature, nrone to undervalue and discredit the erploits of others, when one of his fellows speaks of a big leap, always quells and quenches the narrator utterly by claying bis trump card of the great Bylstone ouble. . It is almost an invariable rule—if a man by exceptional luck or pluck "Beta" the field, Ufa bounds are sure to throw up their heads within a couple of furlongs. Fortune, as if tired of persecuting Alan Wyverne, gives him a rare turn to-vday. There was a scent, such as one meets about twice in season. The field, spread out like a fan, begins to converge again, and the front rank are riding like men possessed, to make up their lost ground. Ail in vain—nothing without wings would catch the " flyint bitches" now, as they stream over the broad level pastures without check or stay, drink ing in the hot trail through wide upturned nostrils, mute as death in their savage thirst for blood. It was a trivial triumph, no doubly hardly worthy of a highly rational being; but the hunting instinct is one of the strongest in our imperfect nature, after all: I believe that it falls to the lot of very few to enjoy such intense, simple happiness as Wyveme experienced for about eighteen minutes, as he swept on, alone, on the flank of the racing pack, rejoicing in Bed Xiahoer's unfaltering strength. Such a tremendous burst must necessarily be brief. As Alan crashes through the rail of a great "oxer," an excited agriculturist screams—" He's close afore you." Close —the hounds know that better than you can tell them. Look how the veterans are straining to the front. Suddenly, as they stream along a thick bullfinch, old Bodnibelle wheels short round and glides through the fence like a ghost; her comrades follow as best they may; there is a snap—a crash of tongues—and a savage worry. Alan Wyverne, too, turns in his tracks; and driving Bed Lancer madly through the blackthorn, dears himself from the falling horse just in time to rush in to the rescue, and, with the aid of a friendly carter, who uses whip and voice lustily—to save from sharp wrangling teeth rather a mutilated trophy. Now, is not that worth living for ? Wyverne could answer the question very satisfactorily, as he loosens Bed Lancer's girth, and turns his head to the wind, pulling his small ears, and stroking his lofty crest caressingly. Nearly five minutes have passed, and the hounds are beginning to wander about in a desultory, half-satisfied way, as is their wont after a kill, before Lord Boncesvaux, and the huntsman, and three or four more celebrities, put in a discomfited appearance. —From the UtU cj "Barren Honour," in Fraier'i Magazine. 