MUTTERINGS OF THE COMING TEMPEST IN FRANCE. Ts France drifting towards revolution ? This ques- tion .may, in all fairness, be put at the present moment, when so many omens seem to lead to the belief that, when the coup d'etat pretended to save society, it achieved nothing but a forctd truce for political pasaions, which might be enchained by the iron hand of a Bonaparte, ' bnt wonld not abale an atom of their fierceness as soon as oppor- tunity arrived for explosion. Scenes in recent sittings of the French Senate recaí the stormiest days of the Constituent As- sembly. Tbe ostensible cause was the onslaught by 'the royalist and clerical phalanx on what may improperly be called the liberty accorded to that liberal press which is in defatigable in denouncing the conspiracies and stratagems of the malicious reactionist party against Italy and the almost rebellious conduct of the French Episcopacy against Imperial policy. At bottom however, may be discerned motives more irreconcilable. Whatever adulation may say as to tho wisdom and moderate n of Napoleon III.,"on his sympathies towards the Italian cause, aod his wise counsels to the Pontifical government for the reconciliation of the Papacy with Italy, the French 'clergy know that such wisdom and moderation'may well cover large dissimulation ; that those sympathies have bown themselves in a negative and , -obstructive sense, and given rise to interpretations not flatter- ing lo the Emperor's disinterestedness ; and that his wise counsels have been peremptorily rejected by the Papal Government ;-for is not the Roman quest'on where it was ? Whatever, then, inspired pamphleteers and journalists may hare said, his conduct, in its results, has ever shown mote con- descension to the ultramontane than to any other party in France, not excepticg sincere supporters of Imperialism. Hie more is it surprising that, after a ten years' successful rule, we should behold the august Senate, which the Emperor had created after his liking, divided into two camps ; one boldly raising the cry of counter-revolution and brandishing the flag of pretensions, consistently and inexorably prescribed for the last seventy-two years,-while the other camp promptly responds with the well-known watch-word of modern France —' Revolution." And in the present case it is neither M. Ledru Rollin, nor M. Jules Fabre, nor M. Olivier who raises that ominous cry. Nor is it for a forbidden banquet or popular demonstration that - the greatest of all French passions is invoked, but io support of the Imperial rule of Bonopartism. And the conjurer who invokes that tremendous ghost is hs Imperial Highness, Napoleon Jerome. In one scene in the Senate, which arose on an accusation thrown out against ¡M. de Persigny on account of the latitude granted to the liberal press, that statesman was-strange to say -compassed by the legitimate side of the Senate to Polignac. MM. Segur d'aguesseau and De Larochejacque lein indulged in fierce language against the press, -the revolution, Italy, everything which the French as a nation have at heart. M. Pietri, the renowned ex-prefect of police, claimed full liberty for press, elections, and instruction, the abolition of " Lois des Suspects,"-in short, claimed the crowning of the edifice, as promised, and mayhap, intended by the Emperor. In alluding to tho Italian question he, with singular frankness, stigmatised the hypo- crisy of certain zealots ; and no doubt in his former official capacity he had opportunities of penetrat- ing characters bf that description. «* We also are Catholics !'* exclaimed M. Pietri. " After your own fashion," remarked Baron Heeckeran " Yes, - after my own fashion," said Pietri, " I am also a Catholic, although I am " not a -Capuchin." This, however, was only the prelude to what followed, when Prince Napoleon took up tho defence of M. de Persigoy against the re- actionary party. He referred to the wars waged by the emigrants and nobles (this, of course, might particularly touch the Marquis De Laroche jacquelein) against France. " There is an irrecon- ciliable hostility of principles between us, exclaimed the Prince ; your fathers fell from French bullets, *' while our fathers fell from English bullets at Waterloo." Uproar reached its climax on his men- tioning that when Napoleon returned from Elba he was accosted with, " a bes les emigrants ! a bas les nobles ! a bas les traîtres!" The last expression was misunderstood for prêtres ! (priests) Finally the Prince appealed to the Revolution, as the only legitimate justification of tho empire. 1 he con- fusion and excitement raised by the speech was wholly out of keeping with the wonted dignity and calmness of the august assembly, and it took all the suavity and affability of M. Billault to tran- quillise it.-Motos componere fluctus. Whether, contends one of the j ournalistic de- fenders of HÍB Imperial Highness, the Prince said ". traitors" IT " prêtres," it is a fact attested by history that in 1815 the cry " prêtres !" had been raised by the exasperated population, and that Napoleon hesrd it sound from the Gulf of San Juan to Paris ; and adds two authorities, i f which at least one ought not to be suspected by the legitimists, namely,--" The Emperor," says M. de Vaiilabelle, " slept at Burgoin. The popular escort expreesed i's joy, now by cries, then by songs. ' Some of them spoke to the Emperor. At last you are come! We shall be freed, then, from the insolence of the nobles and the preten- sions of the priests." (Hist, des Deux Restaura- tions, tome 2, p. 226.) "His progress from ?Grenoble to Lyons," says Thiere, " was a sort of ! triumph. On all sides nothing was heard but the erie s, Vive l'empereur ! a bas les nobles ! a bas les prêtres !" (Hist, du Consula e et do l'empire, tome 10, psg. 143.) We do not attribute more importance to these proceedings in the Senate than they really de- serve. The Prince's and M. Pietri's speeches -may indicate a resolute change in the Emperor's policy, ia a liberal direction, and especially on the Roman question; but.it also may mean nothing. It is not the speeches, but the respective positions -of the parties, which awaken our interest. The legitimists, as is well known, consist of the remnants of that ancient nobility some members of which escaped the battle-fields of the Republic, of Vendee, or the guillotine. Beaten by the arms of France, when they made war against their country, proscribed, and deprived at once of privilege, opulence, and prestige, they, on their return to France with the Bourbons, brought nothing back save a hatred against that France which sprung from the revolution of 1789. But that France was, and still is, France herself, with the whole of her enfranchised, high-spirited, ambitious, and supremely democratic population. In such a society, transformed as it has been by the Revolu- tion, there can be no hope for the nobles to regain lost influence. Hence their incurable enmity against every government that succeeded the Bourbons in 1830, and longings towards Frohs dorf and the ancient regime, with its vanished, splendour and depravity, lt is difficult,to under stand why the first Napoleon, after his accession, should have fostered this race, even to the hazard of his popularity, while he persecuted the repub- licans, the very men who opened his road to power;-and why the third Napoleon should have fallen into the same error, seeing that the French nation had still the same' unmistakable aversions to those claimants of obsolete privileges. However that may - be, these men have now placed themselves in open hostility to the Im- perial Government. It is no idle surmise, that there must be something in the condition of France which emboldens these incorrigibles to raise once more the cry of counter-revolu- tion and of hereditary right in the midst of an eminently democratic society. Nor can we think that the invocation of the revolution on the part of the champions of the Imperial Government is but a simple cry. Grave events have lately agi- tated public opinion in France. The Italian war and its immense sacrifices ; the Roman question, in which the Emperor wonld have all liberal France on his side, if he were disposed to bring it to a speedy termination ; the gigantic deficit and the confusion of trade partly incident to the civil war in America ; the scanty financial reforms which leave matters almost where they were ; the prodigality of personal favouritism to tba un- popular commander of the Chinese expedition, and the imperial rebuke to the Senate for mur- muring against such extravagance, whit, the Senate retalliates by formally repulsing the Kmperor's demand-dignities on behalf of the obnoxious Montauban. There are, in addition, the pro- gress of liberal ideas, which find nowhere a more fertile soil than in France, and the daily increasing discontent of the working classes ;-all these circumstances furnish materials for reflection, cogently, as they recommend a new line of policy less repressive, and more in accordance with the high promises set forth in the " Idees Napoléon- iennes." Should such turn of affairs augur a happy solution for so many impending problems -should it foreshadow the final solution of the Roman enigma, a more liberal course in the do- mestic affairs of France, and a generous policy abroad,-then the Emperor might, with satisfac- tion, reiterate his celebrated motto, L'empire c'est la paix !" and the world would gladly echo him. But the chances are ten to one against any such issue. Every grade of French society is ex- hibiting an uneasiness wholly irreconcilable with an abiding conviction in the duration of the present dynasty ; and what next is the ever present gor- dian knot which no Macedonian sword' may solve in French philosophy.-Liverpool Albion, March 3. 