BT |áí'AetTtoi cm> Joar^HitwAx/Oiiitt^*».?;, <.?* SucW a draadfnl ghost J,^ob,^»ach; a dreadful afloat !" ; 'i- My ¿rifa,'who »aa, Jockey,' «ÍWng^íiy" rae,' we« at first tnsci frightened a» I, wa», bnf gralíniilly «ha sacaeedec1 qtrieiing. botbcDie* and herselfP which ladead ste , hu waadeHtdfaculty for doing-' i 1 i.' < i- . , ., , ' Whsn' she'Thsdf drawn from, ra*/.th» came , of ,1 terrified lexelarpatieo», ¿ve ¡diacmtsedl 'the .'whole matti -io (which we difl'ered roriaideraÜy;; -:ahd ' on t subject we invariably aud affectionately sta. Shot 'tv? perfectly matter-in-fact, unimaginative, abd unsnp 'stitieua^ndividtralV'-qtuta-aUW aa ia t}te vi.tblelkorhj, tirDApdtwoaustmakafdar, and carü by ariy possibility make fire'. Only being, with i her jgentlsB3íS¿-j-..a¡ JitUe. pig-headed,, she , does i see the ose flaw ia. ber. .otherwise very sensible arguma namely; ; the taking lor «ra-nted that "we tin ere at ares, who ? are so 4 l'able to error eren 5 bjaterial things, can.inth/ngs immaterial decide absolut« upon ¡what is.twO and what ii four.; ' There UTO» more taitb. ja hon«at doubt, ' . ? í . '., : ï ßelWve roa, .Ulan 14 half your creeds. - " And. it iç. just p>s»tbje that when the Devil tempted, c forefather ta pat pf the tree of knowledge he wai langhin aa maybe he often laughs now, to thiuk what a salf-co ceited fool a roan. must be, eyer to sappose that , he ci know everyta jog. . : Waen- Ipreach this to ray hefpmite-who ia the h amble aed kweéteat (.f irOroBn -«he replies, in perhaps the «afc ,way'a wuaian c^n reply to an a'gumentV'With a smile:. »be Aid, when, "haTiDg taite J over and viewed on all-sid my ^Dreadful Gh'ost, she advisea me to make it, public, J the ¡goo«! of the, coenrouoitv : in, which we agreed, thonj differing. She Mnsjdered it would prove how, very .silly U to bejiejpjui ghosts at all. I considered-bat my ste will expiais ií$\t. .'I' "? '? .'''.'?.? . i , Sha «pd I ware,, I .thinght,, invited"to a strange houi with whjcb/anjl with the fatally, wa were only acquaint ¡by hearsay. -. It «fas) in fact, one of those '. invitations bnsicesa,'.'^ sncb> n literary persons like myself continual get ; and which giré little pleasure, as we- are perfect aware'from what'motives they spring; and that if « > coild pack up_par reputation in a'por£mantean,and oar he in ¡a bat-bqx, it. would answer exactly the same parpase, ai bej eqoally satisfactory' to. the inviting parties, -lío ir ev the present .case . was an exception : since thoagh we hi never seen oar entertainers, we had heard that they <w< not a.shpw-lorng, Jiterary-lioa-bnnting household, b i really afamily ; affectionately united among1 themselvi ar]d.-davp.ted,-¡ ta,the'. memory of the lately-lost head.' ï was» physician, widgly ï«teempd, and alto a man of letter whose death had created a great blakk,' bath ia ' hi» ot circle, -and ia the literary-world, atJarge. Now, aftei year's interval, his.widyw and three daughters were begi njnb; to re- kppear-in society ; and at the British Assnciaii meeting, betdj ,,atj the larg» town which-1 need not' par etdarise ,had operjed the doors if their long-hospitable hon to my'wife and mts ! j Eelbg'.strangers, we thought it best to appear, ss I won advise all stranger-guetta to do, at the tail-end of the da, Íhen candle-liyhC and fire- liglit càat a kindly mystery ov I things, and tire few' brief hours of awkwardness and u ftrniliarity are followed by tlie nocturnal separation-«wh each party bas time"to think over and talk over the otb -f-meeting next morning with the kindly feeling of thc who have, passed À night unJor the same friendly roof. 1 -As my wife and. I stepped from oar cab, the dall -dsyTw already'cloaing'into twilight) and th« fire only halt-ill mined the room into which me ware shown. It was an ol fashioned, rather.gloonVy apartment - lialf'atudy,'h»hf ail ting-room ;: one and belar;; titted vp a* *. library, whitest fi otter-pleasant thoughtfulness, which already warmédrí hearts towards oar unseen h OB ts ! wassp.reud oat that best all meals for aweary traveller, a tea cGnne'r., 8o riön*rywe we, that this welcome, well-supplied, elegant board ?rás/ti ; [only thing we noticed »boot the room ;-exeepfc one, otp thing, which haag close.abbve the tea table,'on-the pa' eued_w'¿ll;'_ 5 . >-.....?. t.,' ,¿;1 tV'-.j,1,' , ; r lb was a large full-length portrait; very well paintet ¡the sort of portrait of -which .ena,, saw at, once, * What good, likeness thaf mutt be." "It bad' lndlvidualitY, chi rooter-the soul oft (ia, man as well ,oa his body : 'and as 1 Sat in lils '«hair, 'loukin'g^dírecfl.v a&'^oo/irfjs Bimple/-4iati ral^att{tude^j>ou felt what a beautify sohl'thls^tnr, laai been";., (m^t hst even at sixty years of age-for the1 po trait seemed thus old-»oalJ have shed a brightne.' over any homo, and'over any; Bocjety where,(the per» : moved. "f:. ' 3 ?<???'.* v. v. ', rsi'? ' ', ?,'>, "-..V ' ' "I suppose that most WthépoûV Doctor^ said my. wife, i ber-eyes-snd mine both met upon tbecartvass face, which glin mered in the,fire-lißhi; with ¡imoBtlife-like aipeptrtbegenii benèVôleatèyç] s|ermli^)U'rblloif one ab:ut the room, i the eyes of mo t wél].painted; fu)L lace ppr traits do. u ip oeveiiMMlbîhl'ÇUirJiaT' (-'.-'lu.ai' "c-,-rB- r No ; but, this'i» Wolly the sort of min he must ha? been." J U.-. .-j¿-t. ív¿¿ \'S (--i-rsiii " " And bn'r'convietion on the matter wns_i9_strong,_tha when the widow came in, we abttained ¡rom aíkiíig" tl: tjnestion, Jest '.we strangers .might touch oainfully on searcejy healed wound. ' ' ": 1 ' : She was i very sweet: looking little wortn: p^a'e, fragile and rather silent than other*isa. tibe!- merely perfjrnjei the daties of the.t<!a-table," whilst tho o,juyer'»a'ion wá Carried on with spirit and intolliijenco ny her thre ^inghtara.-evidently higrity ao20Hipitah*ai womeai 1!bej .were1 no longer youngs or partienlarly* handsome;''bai they appeared to have inh'rited the Inexpreisible cljárc of'manner rwhich; I had' heard, char.cteriaed their loa ' father : and they ? had, my. wife whUpered me, a a' ill create attraction in her* eyei-Msl o had, ijear »ou), ,two )iitr< daughters of her own growicg up)-wbioh was the' ex 'éèedÏÏng' déferende they/ paid to their ^mother,, who was, no by aoymeans to clever rs tbemseNes.' ' ori. r. :, ^Perhápíf I, who bad not marriei a; woman Çjr.her e ever ness, admired'the mother most, i; Tha doctor's jwidow, ,wit! ber large, soft,' sorrowful eyes, /.where the Sean^ seemed 1. hare'dned np, or been frozen ah ia a glassy qjaietaess,'wa lo me tQS best evidence of what on excellent ruan.ho mus have been ; -bow deeply beloreJ, bow. eterna ly, mourned. i She never spoke . off her husband, rior the daughter« o their fatherv This silence - which horrie families O nside ït'almost a Tíligioúaduty to prenerve. regarding tjitlr dead wa, of ^coarse, aa comple'e strange^), had ha bnnineej.ti break ;-and, therefore,'it happened that, we were still in thi tjark as to the origniat of that remarkable portrait-whicl minute by mínate took á stronger hold on my imagination my wife's,"top*-or that quality, of pniveraal tender-hearted] neus, which-in ber dues duty for imagination... 1 neve; looked sf^ her, but'«he was watoliiug either pur Jtps ej», oi that likéneis which she sappo¿ed to be the, features whict to the poir widow had been so deservedly dear. ' ' , ., ? A most strange picture. -Iö-seeme<i, in its wonderfully tra« ' simul'atiàu of life, totit, almost likeas unobserved, silsntgnesl above our cheerful and conversatioiiHltsblia. .Many.times dnring the evening I started, as ii' with.the-sense of aseventi penon bejng in the room - in the very social córele-hearing .everything, observing everything, bit saying nothing." ' Ndi was I alone in this feeling, fori noticed that mytw.fa. whe hippened, to sit directly opposite ta the-portrait,' fidgeted in her. chair, and finally muvedjher. position to qne when Bhe'cüüld escape from those steady, kindly, ever-puranlng pa'nted eyes., ,. » ? ; i . , ",." I - . Mow I'ask nobody to believe what lam going to. relate ¡ I inusV distinctly «tato that^ I do i not believe, it '.myself i bat I tell icbecaase it-involves sn idea and morai; .which the. reader, can opplj if he choo ea. «ill I can say ia that ga far os it parports to go-ard when you come to the end yon will find that oat this Is roiily.a true story. x , f ! , My .wife, you must understand, sat exactly before the por- trait, till she changed places reith me, and went a little .way down the oblong table, on the same side. Thus, one. af tis had a front, ana the other a slightly foresnortened view. Between us a/.d it waa tim Utile, tn the entre ot'whtch stood alamp-orje ot those reading-lamps 'which throw a bright circle of light.below'them and leave theUpper half of the roora ia comparative shadow. I thought it'waa this shadow, or some fanciful flicker of the fire, which caused a ¡pecad arity ip the eves of the portiait. They teemed actually alive-moving from right to left in their orbits, opening and closing their lids, turning from ona to tho : other, of tbe family circle with a variablo expression, as if consdoai of all that was done or said. ;. . And yet i l e family took no notice, but went on in their talk with us: chooaing the common topics with which un- familiar persons try to plumb one* another's minds and characters ¡ yet never once reverting to thia peculiar pheno- menon-which my wife, 1 «aw, had also observed, and inter, cbanired with me more than oae uneasy glance in the pauses of conversation. Ihe eiening was weating on-it was nearly ten o'clock, when looking up at the.picture, from which for the last half hour.I had steadily averted my gara, I waa startled by a still more marveliooa fact concerning it. '"? Formerly, the eyes alone had appeared alive : now; the whole face was rounded. It grew up, oat of the flat canvas as if in bas-relief, or like one of those terribly painful casts after death-except that thare was nothing painful or re- volting here. As I have said,-the face was a baautifal face -a noble face : such an one as, under any circumstances, you would have been attracted .by.- And it hid the colour- ing and form of lite-no corpse-like' rigidity-br marble whiteness. The grey hair seemed gradually to rise.-lock by lock, ont of the level .sorfaca-and the figure, olothed in ordi- nary modern evening-dress,, to become shapely and natara], \- statuesque, yet »tili presorviug the tints of '> pietnre.. Even the chair which itisat tipon - wtfch, 1 now perceived to be the exact copy of one that stood " empty ' on the other side of the tire, give a enrioaa reality to the whole-' By and by, my "if« and.1"both held our breaths-for. from an ordinary oil paintiiig. the likeness had undoubtedly, become.a lifa;like^figuro, or ataine, sitting in an alcove, the' form of which was made by the'frame tí the pietnre.' '1" ' \- ftal .wt nappie^'i»£dl«i aV*'«H.twb Jt*«#J«/ (hajlaafl wai nothing at all alarming or peculiar, or onto? the tem of the*- daily life. '" , :-"~ '. -, No (not eren wbeD^oarréturniag^Ül » book ¿hst lin gone tb feteS frira the shelves stile further, end of the jo% my pcorlittls wife p«a»;btmT hand m. «péchléí» awe-aj rathertian.fi^-aid pointed to the hitherto'efoptycSairt tBefiré-au'deV ' ' .' ' - ; - i It, was empty ho lohg<T. XTheréV titting, ia .theaerfjsaa .attitude 'a* the : portrait :?' identical, with ¿r, in, ahapi oonritepancav <. aaxl , dreaa-was -\».- figura. TEi it waa », 4 hurnaa,. ^fijsore^ TL ..dare, "noT ' siy,' a» jet if looked like ,pne.. There wu nothing ghastly o -corps^like »Wit iU*tbodÉhit waV motionless; passionless /endowed «sit wire with lh»t idltine calm which Wordswort, ascribes ta Prof oil* os : n ? ;. -, { ., ,j , j.. . , ,, ;1 .Kl/sisa besut> melancho'y graca, 1 c ' ! Brought from »'p«nsr»e thought a tippy plas«. - . Tel there was an airieuderly, patJietíealJy.huni.n, in .th folding of the hoads os. th» knees, as a man does when h comes and sits down .brebis., own fireside, with, hit famil ronna! him: and In the eyes that | followed* one'after tb other, each of this family, who now quietly pat away thei several occdpatïôns,'and rose. 1 < \- ? : ,. ;-. Bat hone of 'theta »hawed any terror-,npt the ulighteat Thap esenceat the; hearth wu" evidently anita familiar awakening no ahodd er of repulsion, no outburst bf-renewer grief. ,The eldest daughter said-in a tone-as natural as i she were merely apologising to ss heterodox or; indi/ferenl strangers f r some dornettio cérémonial, some peculiar ^oro of family prayer, for Ínstanos- , , , " I sm sore o»rt gaea ts will excuse us if we oohttnu« jost as if wa were alone, our usual event og duties. 'Whtcl of os is to speak to papa to-night f" It was' him then : summoned back, how or why, or ii what formr corporeal or incorporeal, I knew not, and the; gave no explanstion. They evidently thought none wa needed : that the whole proceeding waa u natural as a mai coming home at evening to his own hearth, and being re caivedDy hi» wife and children with sffeetiouate famili aritv. i- v . Tlie widow and the youngest daughter, placed themselye ono un each aide of the figure in th» chair.,' They did no embrace it or touch it, but regarded it with' tend» Reverence in which wu mingled a certain sadness ¡ bu that was all. And. then they bagan to ulk to it, in i perfectly composed and matter-bf-lact way ¡ as people, wooli talk to a beloved member of a family, who had been absen for a day oe longer from th» home circle. The daughter told how she had been shopping in ' town how she had, bought a shawl and a bonnet 11 of the colon .that papa used to like ; " the books sb» bail ? brought hom from the Ubrery/aud-her opinion of them ; th#,people thi had met io'th» street, and the letters she had received during the. day : in short, all (he, pleasant little chit-chat .that a daughter woald naturally poor out to an affectionately interested living father ; kat whioh now sonnded so on natural, so1 contemptibly small, such a mixture of, th Initierons and the horrible,'that ono's oommon .sense, aa ono's sense of the solemn unseen alike recoiled. No answer came: apparently none waa expected.' Th figure, maintained its place, never altering thatgentle smile reminding one of th» spectral Samuel's rebuke to the Witcl of Éndor-'' Why hast thou diaquieted me, to bring rae np T or bf that superior calm with which, after death, we ma, view all these petty things which so perplexed os once, ii ourselves and m ,tbpso about it«. " : Then the widow took up the tale, with a regretful ander tone,of comp'aint running through ? it. bhe toi i Mm how dall- she - had been /.all , day how in the preparations for these strangers (meaninj ' my wife an t mer- bqw we shivered as the eyes pf the ffgar raovedand.rested on.us!) she had lound,various old'letton 6Ç hi», wh-çb rividly revived their happy wedlock days; ho/i yesterday one o his firmer1 patients died; and to-day a( pro feBSorship, which he meant te have tried far, had been give to a gentleman, a favourite pupil ; hpw his old friends, slr ,A- and Sir il O.-, had had. a quarrel^ and' everybody .said it could never have happened Had the Doctor, beet ¡alive-and g'o on, and so on. To all of which the "figun distened with its immovable silence ; ita settled, ohangelea : smile!. 1 ' ..v.i ; My wife and I uttered not a word. We sat apart, spell bound, fascinated ¡ neither attempting " to, interfere, no: quest^n, nor rebuke. Tte whole proceeding was so en ; rarely beyond the pale of r donal cause and effect, that il teemed to throw ns into a perfectly abnormals ondition, it which we were arable to judge, or investigate, or escapi front, the circumstances which surrounded as. \ t- Wakno.sr nothing-absolutely nothing-except' the verj little .that Revelation hints at, rather than directly teaches pf the world beyond the grave. Bat any one af ns who hat overseen' a fel'ow .créature die; has watched the exact instant when' the awful chance takes place which converts th< body with a soul to. the corpse without a soul, must feel oejrtain i convinced by ali intuition, which is stronger tbarJ all reus3nipg-r-thnt if thc lite beyond, to which that toni dep rts, b^ anything, or worth anything, it matt be a very different'life from this ; with Dubler aspirations, .higher duties pnrer affections . .1 he common phrase breathed over I so many a peaceful dead face, "1 would not bring him back a^ain, if, I could," .basa significance,'instructive'as true'j troon han all misty, philosophical speculators, tenderer than all the .vagaries ot fond sptr tualista, With, big, hearts and no heads worth mentioning. If ever 1 had doubted this, .'my doubt» woald have been removed by th . sfgbt which I .hero dppiot-pf this good, amiable, deeply'beloved husband t and/af-her- returning in visible form to his own fireside ; no trbastly 'spectre, ' but an apparition full'of mildness and '; beau ry, jet covrimnnicsting asente of revolting incongruity, ht:er anaatfmity, and ridicitluas, degrading contrast between mort aTjtnd immortal, spirit in Ve ftesb, and spirit ont of , tb* fl>sh, stronger than 1 can attempt ta describe "" ' , ' I, "That the, dead man's 'family" did1 not feel this, having tecome so familiar with ibeir nightly necromancy that its ghastliness never «truck them, anti its iud crqus pro- fanity never jarred upon their , intellect or affections, only : made the fact more horrible. ' . . i i'm a, time, long or short I cannot tell, ray wife'and I sat ',witnessing, like people' bound id a nightmare dream, this 'mockery of mockeries,*1! ho attempt at re>toring the sweet familiar relations of the IHng with the.living, between the ' livjngiand the: dead.- How many days or months it had lasted, or what result was expected t. ora'it, we'never in . qn'u-ed ;. nor did we attempt to join ia it ': we merely looked "on"'" *" ''.,"1"' i . \r !.r,a . j,... ! "" "Will'papa ever? ? speak,??-, ,eutrea'.ed,.oiie,.of the danghters ; «bat ' there <, was , na leply. ^Thé'^Figure sat, .'pesaivo, in its chair-unable pr unwilliug to reak the silent barrier which divides the"two »orlils- main- taining still that benian and tender smile, but- keeping,-its mystery nnbrokèn', its;problem BOBolved.' ... ¡, . ... ' '. ' And now my wiie, whoie dear little face was, I saw, grow ifagi white and convulsed minute by minute, whispered to ,me,i y, .,, .j. ... ,.. \ . ' .'' " ? "; ".Charles, I can bear this no loneer. 'Make some excuse .to them - we wi l npt hart their feelings! Don't let them 'thirik-we aré frightened, or disgusted, or the like ; bat we .must go-I ahall go madiif I (lp not "-, , . : ... t .And: the bslf-in>ane look which I have seen' in'more than .one of.the pseudu-spiritualists of the present day-people -who twenty years ago woald have been sent to Bedlam, but now ,8X6 Only set down as '. rather peculiar," rote in those dear, »oft, sensible eye«, which have warmed and calmed.my restle.48 heart and unquiet brain for .more tnan fifteen years. )L>took advantage of the next pause in the "conimnnica .tions," or whatever the family called them, to suggest that my wife and I were very weary, and anxious to retire to 'rest. " ?' "" .???>'?? t.- 'it- i-.j t¡ ,**z'-t ..!- . :? '* Certainly," politely faidtheeldest, dauirhter. "Papa, Ifr.' and Mrs.-, ' naming our iiaraö,», "have bad a long 'railway jonrr.ey, and wish ia b:d tis ¿H gtodinightí" < . The appearance berit upon us 'ray 'wife andme-its moat benevolent, gentle aspect, apparently aoquietctng jo our re- tiring; «nd aló» y ruse as if to bid. good-night - like, any other cort eons host.. ... _ , . , ( "1 j ": rNow, in hi» life-time, an one had bad a warmer, more de- voted admiration for thia lean ed and loveable man than L More than once I had travelled many ' miles-', fur the merest chance of seeing him, and when he died my regret at never having known h'm personally, never-having even beheld bia face, was mingled with the grief which I, in common' with all his compatriots, felt at losing, him, so scddci.ly,'with his fame at its zenith, his labours apparently' onlv; half done \- But here, Be< face to face with this image or phantasm, or whatever ic was, of the man whom living Í bad. so honoured -I felt no delight; nay, < tbe cold clearness of that gaze seemed to shoot through me wita a chih ot' brrrçr. ' , ' ' When, going,, round the.circle, 1 shook''hands with the widuw and daughtera one after the other, I paared before that chair : I a tempted to pass it by. - Kesolutely 1 looked another way,'as if trying to make believe 1- saw., nothing there; bot it waa in vam. I .For the Figure . advanced. noiselessly, with that air of irresistible charming, dignified courtesy of the old school for which, everybody said, the Doctor had" been BO remarkable. 'It exiendedits hand-a hand whicb:ayear ago .I woull have travelled five hundred miles to. grasps How I 'shrank from it- I loathed it. !.'."." rt In vain,; Ic came nearer. It touched'mirie with a soft, cold, unearthly tench. I could endure no longer I shriekrd ont ; and my wife woke me from what was, thank Heaven, only á dream. .."' - .,° ./.?.,,".,. . , ' " Tes, it, was indeed ,a Dreadful Ghost," said that excellent woman, when she had beard my whole story, and We had again compoeed ourselves aa sole occupants af the railway carriage which was conveying ns ., through tte dead of night ta viatt that identical tanuly whom liiadceen dream ngab»ut- whi-m, as stated, we had never, teen. , ;. ^' let ns be than kial. Charles, that it'wu a mere fantasy' of yoox over- exciudima^natioa-tJbat the/dear old Doctor sleeps peaêetalfy in hts quiet 'grave; .and .-that his àffeotionsle faxmJy hove never; summoned hira^ sonl or body ? " Ak" replied-J-í- I though, as Jtalao, »»rs ia, ' Bassel*« ' that Aadeàd cannot retnm, I wfll not unyer^ke'to pro te; .tUl.liriiia it .io; the-; highett degree^ improbable. Thei work here ii dono; they are tranfla.ed lo» higher sphere ,o theiss: J they.nuur »Jill see os, bvVns, w»tcb over ua,| bal .they bjloag to tu ñamara. , Mary, when I leafe yea remero ber i don't wish tirer,to (be brought ,Back again ; ta ~ com« rapniog ou .tables and knockioir aboaf chairs ; defiyerin'n ridiculous messages to delude isquirers.. and al together ¿otu« porting myself ina magner thai, pi ovesVgreat tool asl may have been in.the body,! mast be a »{,¡11 greater fool oati of- it.* i «'Ajid Charles,*' said' the little womati, creeping np to me : with Cears ii'.her eyes, " if-1 mu«! lose you - dearly as I lore iou-I woald ráthér buey you ' under the daisies add in my ea'rt > bary yow and riever'tee Joe again till we meet lathe world ¡to come, than I weald Hare yon revisiting your old fire-siile after the fashion of this Dread/ol Ghost." > . . I * J ? .... ?/ . T According to adrioes received bj'the Tinton Govern- ment, tbs '1 empor al Emperor uf Jspan was married on the lOih ot January ,.Jaat, binage sad that o( bia wife amounting to only 32 years. . ,' 'art E«.8i,E«* BEIDBS PBKPITUTIOM».--On subsequent and persevering inquiry among- Arab ladies, I found oat bow it wis that tne bride's fsee looked so lustrous. I learnt tbat'giris are prepared f r marriage with a very great desi of .ceremony. There are women who maka tne beautifying ol'brides their especial profession t A widow woman ntmed Angelina, is the obief artiste in this department cf srt in Haifa; Sb« ases ber scissors and tweezers freely and skilfully to remove superfluous bair, and trains'the eyebrow toan arobed line, per feo ling it with black pigments. She prepares tn adhesive plaster of ' very strong, sweet gam, and applies it by degrees all over ' tbe body, Itttiog it remain on tur a minute'cr more;' then she tears it'eff quickly, and it brings »way with il »ll the soft down or hsu, leaving1the skin'quite btre, with sn unnaturally bright and polished1 appearance, moob admired by Orientals.' The face requires vary careful manipula- tion. Y,'bén women have onee submitted to tni.t pro. cess, they look .'frightful, if from time to time they io not repeat it; for the hair never Draws to soft and fine' »glin. Perhaps this ls one of the reasons why aged Arab women, who btve quite given up all these arts, of adornment, look no haggard and witoh-like. Ja some r instances this ordeal slightly irritates toe'skin, and perfumed sesame or olive-oil is sp. plied, or cooling lotions of elder-flower werter are UBe'd. The bride invites her friends to scoompany her to the public, bath previous to the wedding day, and sends ta e»ob ene s packet of henna,'two or three pieoes of «otp, sud two wax candles. Aogeiiuu is generally the besrer of the message snd of these articles, wbiob are always to be paid for. I hsve now and then acsepttd snob invite ' tiona. Bridal parties assemble »Ld sometimes paeatbree suooeBBive days in the laiary ot tho Turkish hath. Pipes, shet.bet, coffee, end other retresbments are served, «nd sorigs are sung in honour of tho bride, who is, of coarse, 'attsnded by Angelina, »nd forms the centre of attraoiioo. Her hair is unbraided, «she ts slowly disrobed, and then, wifh her loins slightly girdled with crimson silk, shu ia mounted on high clogs, and ¡ed through ht Hs and passsgea gradually increasing in temperatura, with fountains over, flowing their marble' floors; she is plteed ou a marble 'platform, near to a jet ot not wattr; fallers' esxtb is ??abed on her hom, «he ls lathered wita eoap, «nd blushed with a hsndfol of tow ; theo bot water is poured over her'freely, abe ii ssatbed in long towels, and by slow degrees conduoted bjek to a mere moderate tempe, rature, »nd lastly ta a fountaia "of cos! waten Her corapaniout, in the meantime, undtrgo tbe same prosíes». Then, shrouded in muslin, orapo,'or linell, they sit toge- ther, smoking, till thêy nrèjrusted and refreshed. The edges of the eyelids are hluokeoed thus A little iustrnmant, like a. silver bodkin, is dipped tn' water, »nd then* into a bottle or box containing an impalpable potrdet, called kohl, made of antiniooy and-caret oily pre- pared sopt;, the blgckéiied point ia drawu gently'»long between the almost, dosed lids of ihe eyes. Pjor people use coot »lone, and apply it with, pins made of'lignum vile. The arms »nd bands, leg« and teet, are bandaged with narrow jtape.or braid, like sandals, crossing and re wasting etoo. other ; ,tben ' a ' paste ^: intde of moistened henna powder (tbe I pulverised leaves . of the , henna tree-Iiiwsonfá)*1 'is epre»d ind bound over them, and allowed to remain on for B3ve,r»l hours. When it ia removed, tbe elfin' is'found ' deeply dyed wherever th«) tape (whian is now unwound) did not protect it ; thus a a-rt of chequered Rattern ts produced, »nd when it ia ai¡liálio'»lly''end oelicitîly done (as Angelina eau ,do it), the feet lcok.'at a distance, as il i tney wera etqdalled, and the'bands, as'if they were oovered with mittens ot3 a bright orange'or bronze ! dolour., finally, etrly .cn (be wedding-day, tn«* bridéis dressed in ber bridal rabea ; , I.er bair ia braded (in «bat weeall. the grecian pl.it,)/mull pWoua of Ical.gold 'sro struck on ber, lor bead and Oil her breast';'.bale ia taken not'to couoeat.tDy of . tba »Urs or'apc-ta . taitoeü on bet f^ct, or oftest in infancy ; a line of >lue t'o s tnciroliDg .hearps'ia sqmelimes *eeu. and a «po) ob th obin is very common. A little rouge in »oded to be ghlen 'bo colour iit.Uie.cbeaka.wjlen con-ideted ueeessir>'.' Angelina gels in sad disgrace witb the clergy ofHiifi,'for eneoareging uU'lbia vanity (oat of whioii »be.b)-tbe.oy makes a good living',)'and'.abe goes from ons- cliureh to another for ubaèlation, sometimes reasoning hei»ell,a Greek, and (.Virheiimta a Latin, and someiimes. a U«lc-,i e, annnrJine in in v" lp.iieney of toe resp miva priesia.-Domestic Life in PaUttine. By Mary Elita Roger», ".' A SHAKE - STOB».-1 reraemoer onoe, whilst tending my uuoi»'* Hooka (numbering 1800 eb ep) in a lu'aallty ifotbrioaa tor thai large size «od number ot ennkea tu be ene» with there,' tbat, eauutertng on, intent only on the ''book I 'woecarefally studying.). I' became nuddenly 'o'ohsaious ot the proximity ol a oangeroua neighbour. To harl'Mr.-Liad et» Haney's verb», ey ntax, »o^.piosody »fc tue grim-visage waving so gracefully belora suy eye-, sud to Spring yard« from th« »pit,- VII aoaomplia ed almas: before 1 was aware of my own performancia. 1 had intruded apon the tabooed path of a. monster' di» u-ood snake,-so> as to. obstruât ile direct course ; the reptile; deolining to.go rounoVihad advanced towaids me un. perceived until witbia .three feet of my person, when presuming that 1 bad no intention to decamp, the snake elevated two-thirds of its body as : before.described, and ' witb' a low 'biasing noise politely warned me that I aloou on forbidden ground, Ia .return ior tbis!aot of graoe, however. I -hastily seized a good tough wattle, gaye onaae, and nosily'cloead his earihly career. , . He WBB sis leel three ioohes ia length The battle bad. er ded, when, dbterviñg that an eagle was hovering over the soene, and apparently taking great interest in my terrestrial opera, tiens, I suspended tbe lifeless eaioaasot xpy late an Iago-, mst upon tbe branch ot a dean tree, ts an offering to the monarch of tba »ir. He was not long in accepting' tbe prolerred boon, for immediately on my retiring' to some lotty or fifty yards diatsnoe, tbe noble bird swiftly Blooped upon hie prey, and sulking bis powerful talons' into tba hody of the Scaly reptile, rose witn it-writhing' and dangling in the »ir-higher and bisher, until be was ,»000 lost to sight amidst tbe fleecy golden olouds, speed-1' lng bia way -dnubrleas to fe«-t therewith hi* ravenous eag e a.-Thirty'three Years'.in Tasmania and Victoria, ?? Ati' ATJSTBAT.IAM Flss- HUNT.- Bot now to tue pro- mised flah-tiniit. -Tne ray is termed lu tbe colonies, tbe ¿liiiglDg'rty," from its possessing s baibed ppetr-boue, 'whioh-lrrtjoentiy attaint the li-Dgib of twelve - r filtten inobee, andi» placed at the exiremiiy of hs vertebias,' Bit.aoing downward» in a line »iib tire.fleshy t<il.','. This' Han is of the :s ka te speeien, and bas been eaugbt as larne i»S three feet and a half wide, by five feet long. . I; buries itself in tb« < sind, and «hen trodden upon bas ' been '(chown to ulrike its barbed weapon quite tûioagb tbe calf of a'man's leg, iufliaii g a wound from which death' of 'a,most 'painful..etiartcter has ensued. Tho looility b ;osso for Ibo spot wai flailed, Sweet Water Bay. At higii water, i'agreatest depth did not exceed three feet for'upwards bf one-third of a mile from shore. With 'tbsf ilise,lop: tbe' tide, its waters literally teemed witb "tbe ?- dtngeroua raj- flub. The preparation for' -the J onslsngbt upon the finny monsters com- menced by ' simultáneos* entry into the water of tbe wbole udembled tribes, men, women, and children, nam. berÍDgupwar«l»ol300 who, dividing, entered attwo dif- ferent pointB, disunt from eacb other about 250 yards, and cooiioded to wade oat nntil they had formed them selves into a bsll-oirole; tüen, with ' their long heavy stieka luriously besting the water, »oaompanied with frtntie yoils and other unearthly sonnie, they generally snoceeded io retaining within the go il numbers of tbe ciranded flab. The Berried cordon having so ftx com. pleted their work, a few of the most active and skilful young savages, each armed with the keen-edged toma btwk and t wo heavy barbed spears, boldly entered the meerie of action. Q íickly discovering their devo.ed prey, they ea-t the deadly weapon; the awkward fish, writhing and plunging, darted along the surface of the ws'er, 1 tabing its tail and throwing up ita OWD serrated apetr-bor.e. as if to soars the unseen tnemy. Buttha firmly planted spear ono. grasped by the muscular hand of tbe excited hunter the victim waB toon baultd to shore tnd finally detpstobed. Noti nnfreqaenily, however, bave 1 seen iberay effect its escape through'the cordon cf Datives -earrying with it the spear witb' wbiob it was transfixed. Afar having ea tu fled their wariior propensities by destroying numbers of those dsngeroas creature-^ tbe ' halters would retire to. their.-camp-tites and regala tbemselves npon -the annal coaut-fare, oysters j tad s. faming opoiaum,-Thirty three Teart in Tasmania and Victoria,- '.'*' '%'-' '" -''""""."!.",*; "'*' "»..-<\--.¡ i m" I', ",v.. i.*. .'I'..* ' \ -? ? -. 