8{V.:¿ - A »HÖST BTOBX . -jj 1 ?' tl[^rDM~Xroiläayi vlth BovgoMni. By DuoVey Costello.-) J .faucet bad io lona been a inceeulon of Engiitn rani tl tba Obateau de Fleurval, that tba old gardener, ' waa a Allure there, bad managed to plot np a good i of the language bo BO constantly heard, and was abl apeak it intelligibly. Ho did not, accordingly, neg bia acquirement, but whenever be bad an opportur: whioh WBB often enough, would talk with tbo Berva ?nd tell them strango stories of the pl.cJ, till at len bo aneoeeded in fairly convincing thom that tho ho waa haunted. It may readily bo believed that those \ heard these stories did not koep theta to themseh . - secret-keeping ia not tho habit cf their OIBBB. Thechild learnt them io whispers, and the whispers spread thfy ieaahed tho esra of Mr. and Mrs. M'Gran strong-minded persona botb, but not altogether ir cessible to superstition. They, ef coarse, di durn, all »nob 11 idloolaverB;" but say what thoy pleased, tl ooo ld not provent on nnoomfortablo fooling, o sonso aometblng " uncanny," from prevailing, of whioh tl had their share. Nothing, howovor, in tho shape \- personal cxpetienoo had chanced to confirm tba moored ghostly visitation, and Mr. M'Granlto had far touch worldly wisdom to (bink, liko his predecessors shilling his ground before he waa actually iovad "Let's ba'a nae mair o'this nonsense," he B: somewhat angrily, when tho subj.ot was broad by Ibo fireside, ono dark Ootober eveni by Sandy, tho eldest of th a red-hai tribe, "lel'a hs'e nao mair of thia daft nonaenao ab longbcarded Bparrits, and Turks, end Calmuoks, ? Scotch barbers, and thc Lord knows what I Gang till beds every one o' yo,-and mind that I dinna ca round wi' a biroh twig to fright ye in RÍO I earoesi Lot ne one cay that thrift was at the bottom of t abrupt dismissal, though Mr.M'Granite fully apprécia tba advantage of not wasting fire and candle; let lv rather Bet it ts the right aooount,-a laudablo desire keep up the courage of his family, by throwing ci tempt upon all supernatural manifestations. Dornet affairs, into whioh it is not necessary to enter, tal BO ranged the internal economy of the Chatc de Fleurval, that Mr. M'Granite eli alon", aloof from the- partner of besom. His bedchamber, a large oblong room, waa Bl .ted on tho first floor, at the foot of tho turret fl linked the wofltern exUemity of the building, menti of wbioh baa already been made. There waa a door communication between thia room and tho tutret, t it bad not been opered since the M'Qranltea came the chateau, and waa generally supposed to be bari outside, as well BB bolted and locked within. 1 M'Oranite, thereforo, always went to roost as cain \- as the old white owl-Hulot, be was called-tl oofllpied the dilapidated tenement overhead. 2 Jkt'Grantle's bedchamber, thangh targa and lotty, vt not a eheerful'looking place. Tho windows, of wbi Scare ware two at eaoh end, were oortalnlees and bat the peels of hine ahina, with its long tubular cbimn ^tbat ran up to the ceiling and disappeared through t wall, was suggestive of cold rather than heat, for it ne^ held a fite. The parquet oonsisted, not of polished wo but of dull red tiles; and not an inch ofoarpot kept I . feet from their chilly contaet ; aa to the bed, it waa bi und broad, and nal el of aapeot, henginpa raving bo thought a superfluity. Tho fatollure cf the room ct responded with the rest of the apartment-an old/auto of faded yellow velvet, and throe or four chairs to mate being all it cootaincd. I forget ; there waa o Ito by t bid-head.a amil! table de nuit, on whioh Mr M'Granl set his oandle while ha propared torbiscouob. Ont night that witnessed tho atern ejectment of bis offspiii . from the salon, but three or four hours later, X ::) .,' v M'Granite withdrew to rust as UBUBI, Ho bad pi ' .? vlously ocoupied himself with a book, solcoting ono fro ? bia soanty library that tteated of tho topography QI antiquities of bis own part of Scotlsnd, partly for tbe e tnrtsinment be always found in it-olteu aa be had re it tbtough-and partly to distract his thoughts fro n-: Joca) objects. Tho book WJS io his baod oven after "' weat to bed, but ha did not read lone : tbecold made ht aviver. Ho ju oat the light, buriel bis head henea tba c'othes, and vety soon waa fast aBleep, making qui as muob nci-e aa old Hulot, bnt in a diflerent key. is all very woll to pull the bodalotbt-s over your bea but tbe thing ÍB to keep them tbere. Tbl«, apparent! Slr. M'Garnitowas not sble to do; for, cold as ho w when be lay down, bo woke np absolutely starved, wi siot a pst lido of coveting over htm save tte Raiment 1 .lept in. It was no accidental displacement ; tho oaui terpaoe, blacket, and abott bad been literally strippt off, and were lo aid iu o boap ovor tho foot of the be To his astonishment, tho light, which he had put ot wisburnttg; and, to hid greater astonishment, the stood at bia bedside a figaro at least six feet high, wi email blue ey BB, that glared like tbose of a byeos, and Jong white beard that reached to its middle. The oo turne of tbs figure was tho remarkable. On its bead wore a flat velvet tap ol some dark colour, a l.osj whi linen jioket attired ita upper balf, blaok oalimant breeches and grey stockings arrayed ita nether a; ttemities; Ita feet were toi ast iato heo loas Blipptra; ead st its waiBt dangle . lo g wbito apron, with an enormou pocket in front, from whioh projected tbe handlea < various instruments. In ita larger bony banda it he'd in tho loft a snap.dish, in the right a sbaving-brust ]dr. M'Granite took in all these objects at a glanos; io deed, be bad not time for mor,-, aa tba moment b Opened hiaoyoa the figuro addressed him inworda whiot though smtokiog ol bia native tor.gae, had in tbet .out «thing ot a foreign accent. " Yu'll ba want io' a aha» tba morn," kaid tho figure, with a flourish of tho btus towards bim. "Get up, mon, and aotyorael docniny< Chair. I'ae bandto yt I ' Mr. M'Granite was, for a fe saccods, utterly bewilderod, WaB the legend true, tbot which Sandy had poured into bis brothers' and Biston earp, about tho Stotoh barber's ghost, and all the rast c iff Waa ho to bo tbo phantom's victim, to be shave against bis will, and beaten afterwards ? The figur Seemed oapsh'e of exorcising both functions. H looked a master ol bis craft, and his statura and lengt . of limb were formidable Waa what he sow a reality, o only a -disagreeable dream t Furtl or conjecture wa . not permitted him, for the figure, in a voioe of thur, der. and in Lowland Scotoh of Ibo broadest and mos profane, bade him " hunker doon" in the atm-obalr, em tack the napkin about bim, wbloh be drew from bi oapacloua pocket and flung in Mr. M'Grsnitk's tace "Hat watot'a ecaroe in tbeso pitts," said tho figure latbtriog Mr. M'Qranita's countenance with fearfu velocity. "It's aye better whar I cam frae-mali's tb " " .. peety I" The , application seemed, in fact aa - cold as ice, - and Mr. - M'Granite' \- ' jaws tattled like a pair of nat oraakert ."Bide ntill,""eald tho Figure; "I'll gar ye greet befor a's dune I" .Out osma the glittering Bteel; ha«tily it wai stropped on one botny bend ; tba next moment Mi M'Granlle'a DOSS WIS wrung with a vigorous tweak, am then, with lightning Ambos the razor skimmed hiaobeek .-up-strokea, down-atrokos, sida.strokes, baok-atiokcs.al ware t-xeout d with a dextoiity that Mr.M'Granite migb have dwelt upon as marvellous, if the wbolo affair bat not boen tho most marvollous thing tbst bad ore. bsfallenbim. lt aacmcd less liku tho ordinary prooesBo ?having.than on « fleet of elcatrialty, done, as it wero, ii the twinkling of sn eye. Mr. M'Granite, it must bf owned, would gladly tuvo prolonged this pirt of th« transaction, far hu gove a shrewd guots at what was tc follow, ne tumbled tn every limb, and when tho Figun told him to stand up, ho could hardly keeps bia legs But inatiad ol committing tho full assault be dreaded tie figuro glided iato tba chair whioh 1 o had jnst qulttod, ; and diving ag ia into the large pocket, drew forth ar enormous pair of foissots, whioh he held out towsrdt H|*. Mr. M'Granite, " Can ye shave a body f" demanded thc figure. Luckily Mri M'Granite was a Sootobman, and in. terpretcd tho vernacular correctly. "The muoklo Dei klmsel contd nco do it .bitter," be replied. " My octile,' .sid tho Figure, " but y»'re a bauld ano I Clip away, am apirr not;" and With a nod of its bead, the 'figuro jerkoi! its beard into Mr. M'Grauite'a band, He set to ir Jood carnost, ' Faßt aa snow flakes feel the :ng, 'White, waving bails, till nothing but o dose-so Stubble was left. Than ho around in tbs soap Uko r housemaid scouring a doorstop] doep amidst tho fat. rows ploughed tho ihavIng-bruBb, and, with all the mos. .ular sot lou ho coald command, aawod awi \tmongatth( briatlo* as if he woroa baclt-woodBroan mat J pa doning " Dell hoe me I" eald thc Figaro, " but that's past prayin for-yo'ro a oanny ohlcld. Yo handlo a razor malst ot woll as I do myer). Yon'JI no holing to lbs profession V Hr. M'Granite replied in the negative. " It'a an occident and an honourabin one," said tho Figure, thoughtfully. ** Wo wera aye calllt barbear-surgeona in my timo-not shivers! What aro ye, mon ?' "A Scotsman," loturned Mr. M'Granllr, I know that by your tongue, acid tho figure "From what part of SontlandT' "My native plano ia Dunfermline," nntd Mr. M'Granite. "And solOo," said tito Figuro, "is Klrooddy I Doh's iu me, but we'to neeborsl Aro nny o' tho Family Eiokupstill livln'r "My wife. Janot Kloknp, ia tho last of bor race." "Yo dinna say sse I Clo's your cami, »on. Bludn's thicker limn wstor, you'll ho no thc waur for this, I'm thlnkin'." Tho 1'lguro acir.fd Mr. SfGranlte'a band, and squeezed lt till tho bonos oraokod .gain. When lt wan at length rclonsfld, tba Figuro .trokod its own chin, apparently with groat satisfaction. "I olver thooht," it said, ''that the day wad como when I should bo fros o' my beardie I Lang, ling, bao I watched and waited ; mony'a the carl I baa shaved myBol, but dell a ona till noo has had tho oourago to teakle wi' ino, A ween daft bodies, statin' and gugglln' whon I .oak to them, «a if they could DI andarattnd I Oat I rad 4M tbair bona« for 'caa I Bab, sir«, bat I keekt ye aben Ilka fooUbk'a : ya canna aaa ya did na fat yaär fabln* I Tba F gura iaoybad londly, ai it rtealled tbe pi nish ment inOIctad on tba previous oeoapants of lbs chun ber, and Mr. M'Oranite bagan (óquake again. " Tbtrb' nae need (or ye to shiver, mon I ' Xe've broken tbi apel). I'm eleen abaved, rocht through wi'lj and no« I'll gang back to my grave, end sleop in peaae t Ba I've a story to tell, so «ot yorsel doon end listen." Mr M'Oranite did ns ho was commended, and the Frgan proceeded :-"My neme, when I lived i'thafleoh, wai Bavio Klokup. J waa fi rat valet and barber to tbi Yarl o' Tommiotool. Wo wore out in tho Feftoen and auld hae boon in tbe Fotlyflve, bot my lord bi bohoved to bao a bad flt i* the gout tba day tbi Cu envier left for Scotland, and he contd nt follow him. Too farly. Ert'a on auld talo non, and yo'l may bo bae heard anouob o't ; moreover, it baa naotbin to do wi bu*. Wall, my lord Tammiotool ho lived ir great elite herein thia Chateau do Fkurvat. Bob, sire hnt there were rare doings ia tboto days I The runlet! o' Bordeaux and Nani;: wo emptiod might hae floated tbe English navy. And tho womankind, »nd the donoin, end tho feast JD' and ploasurin,'-bat aa John Knox, tbe worthy man, used to say of a' sic like voniiies, it could no last. Whiles it did, tho,' we'd o gay timo o't, and Madame Esme,-abo was a Turkish lady, sib ni' my lord, yo ken,-elie aye que' ned it away liko Madame Pompeydoor hersel. The precious ettnes that glittered on Madama Esma's drosB wero worth a king's ransom, but their glitter was jost datknosa to tbo Hebt that shone ia her ev. But my lord's gsen, and she's gaen, o'id a1 the abbes, oad merfclssce, and officerp, and Ono ladies, they're a' goen,-ond whir they're gaen to I needn't ta Bay I Madame Esme, abo died of a fosar, ond tbe Yarl o' Tommletool, he died of dtlqk, gtletin* for her losp. Thc nioht my lord went. I apt by bia bedside, and re- el ired his latest breath. But a little before tba last gasp, -he'd boen silent for ramo time,-ho raised blmsolf up, ond said.--D.vie, my man,*- he aye caird mo Davie, ' ye've sbavit mo hundreds o' times I' ' Yee, my lord,' Bijs I, . end I hope to shave yo huodredB meir I' ' Ye'JI not do thar, Davie,' says he ; ' ye'll never shave me bnt onoe, and that will be when I'm cauld sud dead.' 'Ye meunna speak o' dj in' my lord,' says I. ' Ay, Davie, but I mano,' cays be. And then my lt rd gave a deep groan. Presently he spatio rgn'n-* Davie,' soys my lord, . yon and I bao been geeat sinners. I'm thinking we'll burn foi'f.* « Speak fox yerscl, my lord,' svysl; 'I've nae gi-est f incy for botnio 1' 1 Then ye'll ireeze,' sjys ho. ' May be not that neither, my lord,' says I rather nettled to tbi-ili that a dj in' man, as be wa?, should dispose of my tani as if it bad been bis sin. Then I'll tell ye what Davie,* cties be in a passion, 1 if it's the lait word 1 bee to «tty, ye'a hear it ; if ye winna born nor frerz», yo shall atay herr, barber as ye f>re, sb av lo' folk to ail eternity, till your beard'a as lang as my arm, end nevtr a quiet nioht abell ye fase in yoor grave till yo meet wi' eomebody bauld anenoh to t?k ye by the scout and raak ye look like a Cbristion, Davie 1' 'And «i'tbiB, in a buff, my lord tatoed bis face to the wa,' and never tavned it book again. It waa a eafr ibfop, that the words of a man who bad led sio a life es tho Ye ri o' Tommiotool should come tine, but BO it waa ; mi there, for a hundred yerra «nd melt, b«ve I been ubnvin', sbavin', Bbavin', and if it bad na been for yon, Mr. M'Oranilo,-I kon your nama btawly,-tere I abould have stayed, as my lord eatd, to all otetoitj. Bat I've a grateiol mind, Mr. M'Qrauit , ond I bte the means of rr:ompenB¡Dg your Mndieip. I made a prfcl y penny in the service o' tho Yarl o' Tommiotool. I w>s a salin' body, and put by the maist o't. Draw nigfr, Mr. M'Grjnito, till I whisper in yonr lug.'' What thu Figaro »sid to Mr. M'Gianite, nobody ever knew, eave bim to whom it was told ; bnt ia momenta of C jûvivi. eliiy, when the whisky toddy had gone ita toonda-»Uer bia roturo to Dunfermline, willi alt bia affaira happily settled-Mr. M Granir? bas often told the stoty of bow be ODoo Bhavcd a gho&t;, though nobedy cou'd ever m?ke ont wbetber he WOB in jost or earnest. 