THE MARINE GHOST. ÖT TitH AUTHOR OP 11 RATTLIN' TIIE BEETER." CAMAW ther Honourable^AngTiätas-Fittroy Fitïolban, of that beautiful ship bia Majesty's frigate Nooma, loved many thing*." He loved his'ship* trulyi'and with a perdurable affection ; yelj he loved something still more, bis very aris- tocratic «elf." He had also Vowed to love and cherish another person ; but what gallant spirit would yield love,1 even if. it were as plenty as blackberries,- upon compulsion ?' The less you give away, the more must remain to be smrjoyed in the service of the possessor. . Captain Augustus Fitzroy Fit ralban had a great deal of unoccupied love athis dis- posal: Considering duly these premises, ' there ! eau be nothing surprising in tbe fact if be had a gurplas-àfieotion or two to dispose of, and that he most ardently loved new milk every morning for breakfast.' . , Now Captain the Honourable Augustas Fitzroy Fitzal ban-(how delightful it is to give the whole title when it ii eitherhigh-Boundiug or euphonious !) ¿ had large' estates and wide pasture-lands populous with' lowing kine. Hut all the*e availed him not ; for, though he waa sovereign lord and master pro tempoie over'all as far as the eye cauld reach, on the morning of. the Cth of Juno, 1326, fie could, not command so much of the »ky-bhiUb composition that is' sold for milk in- London as contd be bought for oho halt penny in that sovereign city' of-many pumps; Tue. fields spread around the honourable captain were wide and green enough ; but, alas! they were not pastured with mam» miferous animals. Neptune has never been known to tut« cream to his chocolate and coffee. He would scorn to be called a milk-and-water gentleman. ' There is thé sea cow certainly,'but we never heard much respecting-the qaaEty of her butter. ' ' ' f Weare careful."'We will not lay ourselves open toaui I madveraion." We have read books. ' We bave seen things. Therefore we cannot suffer the little triumph to the little I critics who' were just going to tell us that all the cetaceom ti ibes luckie' their young.: We 'can tell these critics more! than they know themselves. Whale's milk ls good for the_ gtnut homo. " We know two brawny fellows, maintop-men,' who, being- cast overboard ? when infants, were, Hike. Bo malus and Remus with their ehe-bear, .suckled by a sperm whale; and, whs n' their 'hügé teet-nutte wished ¡to wean them, ' sha east them - ashore on one cf- the 'Friendly ' Islands.- We think that we hear the incredulous, exclaim, " Very like a whafe !" ? Why, so it was Cat to 'return to another matter of history: On the memorable morning before indicated, the honourable cap- tain, the first lieutenant, the dootor, the marine officer, the officer and the midshipman of the morning watch, bad "all assembled to breakfast ia the cabin: They had not for- gotten their appetites, particularly the' gentlemen of the morning watch. They wero barbarous and irate in their hunger, as their eyes wandered over cold fowl and Ham, hot rolls, grilled kidneys, and devilled legs of turkey. " "By all the stars in heaven," said the honourable com- mander, "no milk agnintbismorniog ! Give me, you rascally toward," continued tho captain, " a plain, straightforward, categorical answer. Why doe3 this infernal cow,: for which I gave suchaheapofdoUars, give me no milkt*-"Well, sir," said the trembling servitor ; " if, Bir, yen must have a plain answer, 1 really be ¡eve it is-because-1 don't' know." . > 1 r ," - " A dry answer," said the doctor, who was in moat senses a dry fellow. ? , ., ¿ "Yen ten of a shotten herring !" laid the captain, ''.ban. you milk her?"-"Yes, sk-.' ". i ~,. ?_ " Then why, in the nam» of all that is good, don't you?" -" I do, »ir, jin, it won't,pome," ¡. - ".Then let uajro," said the captain quite resignedly, "let usgo, gentlemen,'aid see what aili this infernal cowa 1, can't eat my breakfast without milk, and, breakfast is the meal that 1 generally enjey most." . ¡ i So be, leading the way, was followed by his company, who catt many a longing, lingering look behind. .. : . Forward thsy wont. to whore: the' cow' wai Btaljed by, cap-tan-bars aa comfortably,^ a prebendary,, between two, of ihe guns on the nain deck. . She sccmod iq 'excellent* condition ; ate her, nutritious food with much appetite ; and, from her ap&taracce;, the captain might bavé very reason .ably, expected, net ou^an ample supply of milk ánd¿ crtam, for breakfast and tea, but alio . suüicient quantity) to afford ' I him custards for dhnvr. i - '"? . Well, tiers »tooti the teven officers of hi» Majesty's naval service toonil the arid cow, locking very like seven arise men jost put to sea in a bowl. "Try again," said the captain to his servant. If the attempt had been only fruitless, there had been no matter for wonder ; it wai milkiest "The fool can't, milk," said the captain ¡then turning* round to his officers despondingly, he exclaimed, " Gentle- men, can any of you ?" . . Having all pro'ested that they had left off, some thirty, some forty, and some fifty yean, according to their respec- tive ages, and the marine officer «ajine that be never' bad Epractice at all, having been brought np by band, the ant. and .disappointed, hero was obliged to order tie awain'« mates to pass .the word, fore end aft, tit send every one to bim who knew how to milk the cow. Seventeen Welshmen, sixty-five IKalmen (a.l on board,1, and four lads from Somersetshire, mode their appearance, moistened their fingers, and »et to work, one after tue other; yet there was no milk. "What;do yen ,think of this, doctor?!' said the captain to him, taking him aside.-" That the animal has been milked a few. hours .before." " Hah j ;lf I waa sure of that. "And the cow could have been milked only by some one who could milk?"-"The in- ference seems indisputable." . Thecaplain turned upon the numerous aspirants for lacteal honours with no friendly eye. exolaimicg sorrow- fully, " Too many to flog, too many to flog. Let us. return to our breakfast, though I shall nit be able to eat a' monal or drink a drop. Here, boatswain's mate, pass the word ronnd tbe Bhip that 1 11 give five guineas reward to any one who will tell me who milked the captain's cow." ,1 he gentlemen then all retired tb the cabin, and with the exception of the captain, incontinently fell upon the good. things. Kow, the midshipman of that morning's watch was a certain Mr. Littlejohn usually abbreviated int» Jack Small. When Jack Small had disposed ,cf. three hot rolls, half, a fowl, and a pound of ham, and 'wa*, handing in bis plate for a well-devilled turkey's, thigh, his eye fell compassionately upon bis lasting captain, and .'his;, heart' opening to -the 'softer emotions aa his .stomach, filled wi(h his host's delicacies, the latter's want of the milk of the. cow stirred up within hira hia own milk of human kindness. " I am very sorry that you have no -appetite," said Jack Small, with his, mouth very full, and quite prolect ingly, to his' skipper, ".very sorry indeed, sir; 'and as you*cannot make your breakfast without "»ny milk, ?I think, sir, that the midshipman's berth could lend yon a bottle." . .;" The devil they can, younker ¡ Ob, oh I It's good and fresh, hey ?" , "Very good and fresh, sir,' said the midshipman, ramming down the words with a large wadding of a hot roll.- .'?;; . ' "We must, borrow some of it by. all means," said the captain ;" but let the midshipman's servant bring it here himself." »The necessary orders having been issued, the bottle of milk and the boy appeared. ,. . <? "Did you. know," said Captain Fitsalban, turning to, his, first lieutenant, ."that the midshipmen's berth was' provided With milk, and that too after being at sea a month!"-" Indeed-1 did not; they are better provided' than we are, at least in thia respect, in the ward-room." ' ' . -"Do you think -do you think," said tba captain, trem- bling with rage, "that any of the .young blackguards dare milk my cow?'-"lt is not easy to say what they dare sot do." ! - ' ?:? l t ? ' \- However, the cork was drawn, and the milk found not only "to be very fresh indeed, but mest auspiciously new. Jn the latitäde of the Carribean Islands,, loquids in general are sufficiently warm, so the captain could not lay mnch stress upon that. í'??'." As fine milk as ever I tasted," said the captain, . ' -" Very good indeed, sir," said the midshipman,- overflow- ing his cup and saucer with the delicious liquid. . " Where do the young -gentlemen procure it ?" resumed the: captain, pouring very carefullv what remained after tho exactions of John Sraall mtolhe cream- jog, -and moving it dose to his own plate.-*. It stands us rather dear; sir," said Mr. Littlejohn,-"a dollar a bottle. We buy it of Joe Grummet, the captain of the waisters." ' The captain and the first lieutenant looked at each other unalterable things. ;?? ? 'Jje-Grurr-met was in the- oabin in an instant, and' the captain bending upon bim Hi» Bharp and angry glances, Joseph-was a sly old file, e> seaman to tho backbone ;.and lek the breeze blow from what quarter of the compass it would, he had always an eye -to windward. Fifty years bad a little grizzled his strong black hair, and, though in- novation had'deprived him. ol'the mossy tail that whilom hung behind* there were still some fancy curls that cork- screwed themselves-down bis-weather-stained temp'es ;.snd when be stood before the captain, in one of these- he hibohed the first bend of the- immense - forefinger of his right hand. He hobbled a- little in his gait, owing to* ari unextrocted musket ball that bal lodged in hhs thigh; consequently be never went' aloft, and had been, for-his merits and long services, appointed captain of the waist. ' The Honourable Angostas' Fit ¡woy; Fifzalban said to the veteran mariner quickly, and pointing at the same tiras» to the empty bottle, " Grummet, you have milked m v cow." .* Unpossible, sir," said Grummet, bobbing a bow ; "ilown right nnpossibl-', your honour." Then, pray, whenoi comes the fresh milk you sell every morning to the young gentlemen?!'-"Please- your, honour, £ took two or three-dozen of bottles to sea with rab' on a kind o' speculation." " '"Grummet, my martel am; afraid' this will turn oat a bad one for yoa.,1 Go and show your hands to the doctor, and he'll ask you, a,few quostions. . So Joseph Grummet went and expanded his flippers be- fore the eyes of the surgeon. They were nearly as-large and aa shapely as the fins of a porpoise, and quite of the colour. They had been tanned and tarred till theinskin had become more durable than boot leather.-and were quite 'rough onou'gh to have rasped close grained wood. ; ' .t I don! t tbink our friend could have milked your cow, Captain Fitzalben,** said the doator ; at least noi with ' his hands: thoj' are rather calculated to draw blood than milk J* ' . '. Joseph rolled his eyes about and looked his innocence most pathetically^ He was.nob yet quite ont o danger. . Kow there was every reason, in the world why this cow should give the captain at least a gallon of milk per d'em -bnt one, an-' that ho was most anxious to discover. 'I he cow was in the host condition.;, since.sbe had boen einparke*, the weather had .. een fine enough to .bave pleasod Europa, herself ;; she bad pleaty of provender, both dry. and fresh. There-were fragrant clover closely packed in bags,, delicious .oat-cakes, meal and waterbend fine junks ofjpioy plantain.' I -The cow throve, but gav* no milk ! 1 "So you brou«ht a lem dozen bottles of milk to sea with [you os 'a. venture 1", continued the man eli medicine in his examination-Vi did, air.", ,,' . "And-where :did jon procure then» ?."-"At English Harbour, sir.', ....... "May 1 ask of whom?*-"Madame Juliana, the fat fere negro woman." "Now, my man,' ' said the doctor, locking a volume and a half of Galen, and holding np a cautionary fore-finger "now, my man, di not hope to deceive mc ,. How did yon prevent the acetous, fermentation from, taking place in these bottles of milk?" \- The question certainly was a punier. Joe routed with his fingers among his hair for an answer.;., Al length he fancied he I eroeived a glimmering ot' the doctor's meaning .; so he hummed and ba-ed, until the doctor's patience being; exhausted, he repeated more peremptorily, " How did yon prevent acetous fermentation-taking place in these bottles of milk?'.' - ?'-.'' "By paying ready money for îhem,.air," said¡ the badgered seaman boldlv. - " AB excellent preventive against fermentation certainly.* said the captain, half smiling. " But you answer tb» doctor like a fool-"- - .. .. . ? "I was never accused of such a thing, please your honour, before, sir," said -tarrybrecks, with oil bis sheets and tacks abrbad. .. ' Í - . ... ?Very likely, my man, very likely," answered.the captain, with « look that would have been invaluable in a vinegar- manufactory. "How did you prevent' this milk from turning sour ?" - ? " Ali, air ! ' said Grummet, now wide awake tb bis danger, 'if yon jilease, sir, I'humbly oxes your narden, hat that's my secret.»* 1 ?. >?''????'? . >' " Then, bv all that's glorious, I'll flog it ont of iyou ! ' . . " 1'hnrobfy hopes not, sir. -1 am Bure'your honoor won' t, flog an bid seaman who baa fought with Howe and Kelsen, and.who was'wounded in the sarvice before your honour was born -; you won't ibg him, sir, only because he can't break bis oath.'* ' " ' ... ; - : "So'youhnvesworri'not'tO'divalgeit, hey?" . . H - " Ah sir ! if I might be so hold as to say so, jone honour's "a witch !*' :' ' . - ' . . ; "Take core cf youri«if,Jo«epb: Grummet ; I do advise you' tb take care of yourself. Folly ia a great - betrayer. of secrets, Joseph. Cunning may milk cows withontidisccvery ; however I vail never punish without proSf;3 How-many bot- tles of this exceL'ent milk have j od yet left ?*"->" Eight or ten, sir. more or less, according to Barcumstances." "Welir 1 will give you a dollars-piece for-all ..you have." ' ' ; At this proposition Joseph Grommet shuffled about, not at'tdl atjvis ease, now looking very sagacious, j now .very foolish,' till ,'». la-t, he bronght down his teal urea;to expresa the ruojt deprecating humility of whi:h .their iron te-ture 'witsbar-able, and te then whined firth "I wonldlnot intuit you/sir, t.ytreatibg you all as one aa'a mfllshif man.i J^o, .ytígr;honour; I knows tbe(reipect 'that's' dab- los jon--I couldn't think of Utting jon, air, have a bottle under thre dollars-it wouldn't be at ail respectful like.". " Grummet," said Captain Fitzalban, "you are not onl a thorough seaman, but a thorongb kn «ve. Now have yo ibe conscience to make me pay three dollars a. bottle fu my own niilk ?" " Ah, sir, you don't know how much the secret has cos me." ? " . ' " Nor do you know how dearly it may cost you yet "* Joseph Grummet then brought into the cabin bis re maining stock in trade, which, {astead of eight or ten, wa fcnnd to consist only of- two bottles. 'ibe captain, thous;] with evident chagrin, pa:d For them honorably; and wbi's the milkman, pro. temp: waa knotting "up the six L'olJars ii the tie of the handkerchief about bia neck; the skipper catt to him, "Kow, my man, since we part such good friend-, tel me your candid opinion omcerning this cow of mine/ -"Why, sir, 1 thinks as how it's the good people as milk her." .1.1 . " The good peop'e ! Who the devil are they ?"-"Tnt fairies, y our honour." ? . s "And what do they do with it?»-"Very fow san tell, youl honour ; but those who gets it are always desarving folks.' "Such a-j old wounded seamen, and captains of tbs waist especially. Well, go along to your duty. .. Lookout! cat. love milk.'' So Joseph Grummet went forth from the cabin shrugging up his shoulders, with an ominous presentiment of scratches upon them. The captain, the Honourable Augustus Fitzroy Fitzalban, gave the marine officer orders to place i aentry night and day over his cow, and then dismissed his guests. The honourable commander was, for the rest cf the day, ina most unconscionable ill-humoar. The ship's sa<li weré beautifully trimmed, the breeze was just what it ought to have been. 'The beavens above, and the waters beloit were striving to out-smile each other. What then mndí the gallant captain ao miserable ? 'He »as thinking pnlj of the temerity of the man who bad dared to milk hit cote. ' . - The first lieutenant tonobed his hat most respeetiullj to the Honourable Captain Augestua Fitzroy Fitzalban, ant acquainted him that the sun indicated it to be twelvi o'clock. ? ? .? . , ... " " Milk my cow !" said the captain abstractedly. ' ' " Had not that better be postponed till to-morrow morn- ing, Captain Fitzalban ?' said the lieutenant, with a' verj little smile; "and in the mean time nay'we strike the bell and pipe'to dinner ?" .'? , The captain gazed upon the gallant officer sorrowfully andras he shook his head, his looks said as plainly - as looki could speak, and with the deepest pathos, " They nevei milked hi* otfw." . " Po what is necessary," at last he uttered ; then, pul- ling his hat more over his eyes, he continued to pace the 'quarter-deck. - Kow, though the-Honourable Captain Augustus Fitzroy ' Sitzalban was the younger son of a nobleman, , and enjoyed a very handsome patrimony, and Lis temper bad been tho- roughly'spoiled by that procesa that is toe often called education, yet bis heart was eound, English, and nobie.. Hs revolted from doing, sin unjust action ; yet he smarted dreadfully under the impression'that be was-cheated and laughed at to his . very face. ' He did -not think that Joiepb Grummet had milked his eow, but he felt assur. d that the samernilk^deoling Joseph knew" who did ; yet he'was too humane to introduce the-Inquisition onboard his ship by extracting the truth by torturé. ' ^ ' . The Honourable Captain''Fitzroy Fitzalban slept late on the Buoceeding morning. : Ho had b=en called afc daylight, pro fowl', bat bod meretyturned from bli left side to the right, mattering 'something about a cow. - If mutt he sup- posed that the slumbers of the morning indemhi&rd; him tor the horrors of the hight, for breakfast was on the 'uble, and the usual gnests assembled, when ' the captain {emerged from the after-cabin. ''.'... .'! - ? . There "waa no occasion to-ask tho:pale fnd trembling steward if'tho cow hod giverr-any milk that morning. : The breokfWit .remained untouched by the captain, and passed off in active silence by-his guests. ' Not wishing to exolte more of the derision of. Jack"than was absolutely recessary, the Honourable tire Captain Augustuo- Fitzrrjy b'itialban, when be found tr-at the various officers who-n he had invited to breakfast had' s ilición ly. "improved the occas'on," as-the Methodists, say, turned' to the first lieu- tenant, who was again his guest, and asked, bim if nothing had transpired on the over night to warrant a suspicion as ta tbelactialifelony.' .'.'., " . ? The first lu» looked very mysterious, and ' not wholly dis- posed to be communicative npon ibe subject He had been piously brought up, and .was notât all inolined to be saroaBtic npon tbe score-of visions or thevisited of ghosts .-.-yet, at the same time, he did not wish to subject bim<elf'to the ridioole of his captain, who bail-rationally, postponed his belief ia apparitions until, he hod reen one. Under these difficulties he replied hesitatingly, that a ghost had been re- ported as having " come on board before . daylight in the morning, wi thou leave " , « A ¿host, Mrj-Mitchell, come*n board, and I not called 1' siid the indignant captain' . " By- G-, sir, I would have tamed out a guard of honour to have received bim ! I would have sooner hod a visit from hil spirituality than from his Eicellenoy the Spanish Ambassador.'-Tho-service, sir, bas como- to a pretty t aBs.wben a ghost can come on board, and leave the ship tap, I preiume, without even so mach as tho boatswain to pipe tbs side. So the ghost came, I suppose, and milked my cow V: I The first lieutenant, in answer, spoke with all manner of humility. He represented that ho had been educated as a Beaman and cs-an officer, and not for a doctor cf divinity ; therefore he could not pretend to- account for these preter- natural visitations.' Ho could only state ' the fact, and that not 60 wella* the first lieutenant.of marines. " He begged .therefore, to refer to him." That officer-was immediately sent for, and he mode his appearance accompanied by oas of the sergeants, and then it was asserted that when the guard went round to relieve the Bentries,.they found the mau who ' had .been stat oned over the cow. lying on the dook senseless in eût, and his bayonet could nowhere be found. ' When by tbe means of ou'o of the assUtant-surgeons, who had been immediately summoned} be had been sufficiently recovered-.to articulate, nil the explanation they could get fium bim.was, that he had seen a ghost ; and the-very, mention o& the foot, so -great was-his terror, had"almost caused a relapse. f^end tbe poltroon here-immediately : I'll ghost him !" cried tb» enraged captoirú. Ia : answer to this he was in- forme I that the man lay seriously ill in his hammock, in the »irk:buy, and that the ductor was at that very moment with the- patient. " I'lbsee bim myself," said the captain.. As the honourable captain, with bis cortege, of officer?, pu a ¡ed. along the decks, on his way to the sick-bay,, he. thought-or bis sense of hearing most grievously deceived, him - that more than once he heard sneering and gibing voices-excioim, " Who milked my cow ?! but the moment he .turned bia head in the direction from whence the sounds pro* ceededhesawnothingbut visagesthemuitsanctimonionstin deed thev, instead of the unfortunate sentry, appeared to have seen the ghost.. The captain's amiability that morning might have been expressed by the algebraical term-minus axoipher. .','.- . When the skigper hauled alongside the sick san, he found that the doctor,.having bled him, was preparing to > blister bis bead, the Bhip's barber at the time being occupied 1 in very sedulously »having it. Tho patient was fast pu»tirg himself on an equality to contend with his supernatural visi- tant, by making a ghost of himself._ He was. in a high fever and delirious-uuplesant things in the West Indies ! AU the captain could , get frost bim was, . "The devil-' flashes of rite-milk cow-?-horrible'', teeth-devils cow-. »hip haunted-nine yards of blue flame- throw cow over- board-goto heaven - kick the pail .dowu-horns tipped with i red-hot iron," and ether rhapsodies to the same effect, - Frora the man the captain went to the cow ; bat she was lookiag excessively sleek,and mild,and amiable, and eating her breakfast with tbe relish of an outside mail-coach pas- senger. The captain Bljook his head, and thought himself the most persecuted of beings. -. When this self-estimated injured character- gainrd the aaarter deck he commenced ruminating on the propriety of oggiog Joseph. Grumraet ; far, with, the lois of h s caw's milk, he bad lost all doe sense cf haman kindness. -But, as' the Lords of the Admiral'y had lately insisted upon a re- port being forwarded to them of every pnoishmenbtbat took place,'tbe number of lashes, aud the crime for which they were inflicted, the Honorable the. Captain Agustn» Fitzroy ? Fitzalban thought that a report would look rather queer running thus : " Joseph .Grummet, captain of the waist, »ix dozsB, because .my cow gave no muk,'! ur, " because prirate marine Smckebota saw a ghost,", or, " for selling the mid- shipmen sundry bottles of milk/', and this last imagination rerninded'him that there wai one of his highlT-giflod class walking ton leeward of him. " Mr. Littlfjohn ! ' said tho captain with a volco that crawled over the nenes 'like the screeching of an ill-file I saw. : , " Small Jack toncbed his hat with more than usual respect to the exasperated officer, and then, st*pping to windward, humbly confronted him. The captain * as too angry fer -many words ; soj looking fearfully into the happy counte- nance of the reefer, and pointing bis forefinger down jer pendlcularlv, he laconically uttered, " Milk thia morning ?' -» Yes, Bir." '« Good V . - ? i 'ita well-breakfasted midshipman licked his lip«, and smiled. . '. . ? - i . " "Grummet?"-"Tea, air." . . '''*TclHbe boatawaiais ma'.e to send lum aft.''-" Ay-ay, .sir1." -' , . '" "->.:' .v -, '. '-And there stood tte captain of the waút, with his hat in haid, opposite to the captain of the ship; ? ; There, was some djfferencehetaieen^th ona verging upon edd agp, the other upon manhood.' The cid man with bat two artic es of dress npon his person,'a canvass shirt and a can- vass pair of trowseri,-for in.those latitudes shoes and stockings are dispensed with by tl e foremast men, excepting . ou Sundays and .when, mustering at divisions; the other gay, aird almost'gorgeqas, in white jean?, broad-clotb/and gold." There thev .ito*!, thë'rone tie personification of meei ness, the other of haughty ang er. However firm might have been the captain's intentions to convict the mon before him byan intricate cross-examination, his warmth of temper defeated them nt once, for the old seaman looked more than nsuilly innoceut and sheepish. This almost Btolid erjua nhxiity was sadly provoking. ~" You indolent scoundrel ! who milked my cow lost night ! '- " The Lord in beaven knows, your 1 cnour. ; Who contd it be, sir, without it was the ghost who bas laid that poor lid in his sick harnmcck?', _ .. . ?. And I suppose the ghost ordered you to bond the milk to the young gentlemen when he bad done ? "-" Me, sir ! - Heaven save me ! I never see d a ghost in my life." . "Hypocrite! the bottle voa sold the midshipmen!" - " One, your honour, I brought from Antigua, and which 1 overlooked yesterday " : - " I shall not overlook it when I get yen to the gangway. Go, Mr. Littlejohn, give orders to- beat to quarters the moment the men have bad their lime." All that forenoon the captain kept. officers and men ex- ercising tba great guns, running them- in and ont, pointing them here and there ;-sail-trimmers aloft- roardera cn the starboard bow- firemen down in the fore-hold : the men bad not a moment's respite, nor the efficers either. How potently in their hearts they d--d the cow, even frcm the tips of her horns unto Che tuft at the end of ber tail ! Five secret resolves were made to poiBoa her that bard-worked morning. Mr. Small Jack, «ho was stationed at the fore- most main-deck guns near her, gave her a kkk every time the order came from thsquaiter-deck to ram-home wad and shot. Well, this sweltering work, under a tropica) sun, pro- ceeded till noon, for tbe captain alternately swearing at the officers,tor want of energy, and exclaiming ro himself in- dignantly.- " D- them f bow dare they midi ray cow Î There mnst be several concerned. ; Send the carpenter aft. Mr. Wedge, rig both the chain-pumps,-turn the water on in the well. VVaisters ! man the pumps. Where's that Grummet I Boatswain's mat», out with yonr colts, and lay them over the. shoulders of any man that shirks bis duty : keep a sharp eye on the eoptaiu of the waist." i And tba» the poor fellows had, for a finish to ! their morning's labour, a half-hour of the most overpowering '-exertion :to which you can set nurtal mao,-that of workng at tbs chain-pumps. When Mr. Littlejohn saw elderly Joseph Grummet stripped to. the- waist, the Perspiration streaming down bim in bucket-full?, and panting as it were for his very life, he. the slid Small Jtek, very rightly opined that no milk would be forthcoming next morning. At noon tbs men were, os usual, piped to dinner, w th an excellent appetite- for their pork and peas, and a thirsty rs lish for their grog, for which blessings they had the cow alone to thank, j They were very ungratefsL ? No-sooner was tho hour of dinner over than the captain all of a sadden discovered that his ship's company were not smart enough in ; reefing topsails. So at it they went, racing up and down-the rigging, trioing; up and laying ou,, lowering away and- hoisting, until six bella, three o'olock, whsn the angry .and hungry captain -went to hia dinner. Ile bod mode Himselftnoru unpopular in-that day than any other commaudrr in.tho fleet," ? . The dinner was unsocial enough. When aman is not BU'iified'with himself,it ia rarely that he-is satisfied with anTbody else.- Now tbe whole ship's company,, officers as we ll as men; were divided into parties, and' into only twp, re- specting this affair of the cow ; one believed in a super- natural, theotberin a roguish agency ; in,numbers they were about equal, so that the oap tai n stood in the pleasant Eredicamint of being looked upon ia a sinful light hy one alf of bis crew, and in a ludicrous ene by theotber., : Hoveveras thenighSi advanced.-and the, marine who bad seen tba oow-spirit grew worse, the believers in the Hiipernatiinil uncreased - rapidly ; and, as on« leutinol was ' found unwilling to goulon?, tbe cow;had the distinguished compliment of'a guard! of honour of two . all night The captain, with a scornful defiance of the spiritual, would allow of no' 'lights-to be shewn, or of ao extraordinary precautions to be taken.-: Hcconly- signified his intentions of haying himself an into view wit'J<the ghost, and-for-rlbat purpose bo wnlkedwthb deck till midnight ; but the rnësiénger from the land of spirits did not choose to shew himself BO early. ' ? - ' .' Let me-beir no more any querulous talfcof the labour of getting butter to one's bread-no person could have toiled moro than thc Honorable Captain Augusta»- Fitzroy Fitz- alban to get'milk. for hi» breakfast. The-'two Bentrien were-relioved at twelve o'clock, and. for a quarter of'an hour: after, everything remaining dark and ((Ufet'aboat the haunleuYcow, the captain went, below and tamed in^oyfully anticipative of milk and cream in tbe morning.. He left, of courte, the most po'itivo orders that the moment the ghost appeared he tboald be called. . \- Mr. Mitchell, the pions first lieutenant; remained on deck, determined to eee the sequel ; told the master he was muoh troubled-in spirit, and be.thought, with nil due deference to the artioles of war, and re»pect for tbe captain, that he was little-het'er than nniniide), and an overbold templer of God's providence. Theimaster remarked in reply that i' was au aflair entirely out of soundings; but very sagely concluded that they should tee what they- should see, even if they-saw nothing. . It was a beautiful night, darkly, yet, at the came time, brightly beautiful. There was no .moon- The pure fire« above were like scintillations from the crown of God's glory. Though tho heavens were thus starred with splendours, it waa deeply, though clearly, dark on the ocean. -/lhere was a gentle breeze that was only' sufficient to make. the, sails draw,.and the noble-frigate walked stately, yet majestically;, onwards. Forward on the maia-deck the darkness was Cimmerian. When lie hts had-been last there at th« relieving of the sea- tings, the co« bad-laid herself quietly down upon her litter, and eeemid to be in apiofound deep ¡-.the fi-et hour after midnight was passed, and all was , hushed as death, sa?e tboie noises that indicate what else- would be absolute silence more strongly : There was tho-whiepsring ripple of the sea, the dull creaking of the tiller.ropes, and the steal- thy Btep of the sentinels; these sounds, and these only, were painfully distinct.- One bell struck, and its solamn echoes seemed to creep through the decks as if on same errand of death,, and the monoiosous cry-of tho look-outs fell dren ¡lyon, the ear. -? : ? .-. -The first lieutenant and the officers of the watch had-Just begun to shake off their dreamy and fea-ful.impressious, to breathe more freely, and to walk the deck with cfirmer tread, when,, from what was supposed to be the hiunted spot,'a, low shriek was heard, then a, bustle, followed by half-st'fledicries of The guard !. the guard !" Tho oöcers of the. watch juapod .down on to the main deck, the- midshipmen rushed, into the cabin to. call the captain, and mea with and- without lights rushed forward to the rescue. . . > Deop.iathe darkness of, the manger there-glared an apparition that might > mora than justify the alarm. The spot where the phantom was seen (we pledge > ourselves that -we oso-roi«ting faots), was, that part of a trigalo which > sea- men, os ll w the eyes of han," directly nuder the foremost part of tho > forecastle, where the cables -run through the Lease-hole*, and 'through- > which the -bowsprit trends up nuada. The whole place ia called the > manger.-." It is very efren appropriated to. the use of.the pigs until they > take \- their tuen for the butcher's. knife. ? This was. the strange ; > locality that the ghost chase to honour with bis dreadful 'presence. ' ?>?_ , - i . From the united evidences of the many who saw the thistly avatar, it appeared i only ta have-thrust its huge ead and a few feet of tbs fore part ef its body through the hawse.hole, the remainder of itsvastand voluminous tail hanging out of the ship over its ba- rs. The frightlnl head and the glaring sockets ol' its eyes were distinctly marked in lineaments of fire. Its jaws were stupendous, and its tr pie row of sharp and long-fanged teeth seemed to be gnashing for sometLing nvrrtal to devour. It cast a pale blue halo of light around it, just saftioicntto show the outlines of the den it had selected in wt joh to make its un- welcome appearance. Noise it made none, though several of the spectators fanoied they heard a gibbering of un- earthly sonn Js ; and Mr. Littlejohn swore tho next day upen h-s Jolla Haoiilton Moore, that it moved dolefully like a yc-nng bullock crossed in love. ' Tu desciibo the confusion on the main-deck, whilst offi- cers, neimen, and marines were gazing on this spectre, so like thé fiery spirit of the ' Yankee sea-serpent, ? is a task from which i shrink, knowing that language cannot do it odequa ely. The fissi lieutenant stood in tbe middle of the group, no: me "ely transfixed, but paralyzed with fear ; men ' were tumbling over each other, shouting, praying, swearing. Up from the dark holds, like shrouded ghost i, tbs watch below, in their shirts, sprang from their hammocks; and for many, one look was cuough, and the heaar would vanish immediately in the dark pnjîonnd. The' shooting for lights and loaded muskets and pistols was terrible'; and the orders to advance-were so eagerly reiterated, that none had leisure to obey them. ' But the cow herself did not present the least imposing feature in this picture : of horror. > She formed,- as it were, the barrier between mortality and spirituality-all beyond her was horrible and spectral ; by ber fright »be seemed to acknowledge the presence of a preternatural being. Her leg» were stiff and extended, ber tail standing ont like that cf ari ' angered Houj and she kei.t - continued strain upon-the halter w lb v lilli tlc* M.tctlcnu tearing-bolt in the abir,' »jv«. r ;; i By thia tima aaTera] of the ward-room pffieera, and roo«« of the midshipmen, had reached the scene of action R«to2 were so loDger wanting, and loaded ones too. Three «hat. were fired into the manger, with what aim it is impossible tn specify, at the sptctre. They did not seem to annov hu ghostsbip in the least, unless an indication of his ber^nninir to grow hungry might be deemed so. Aa the shot whibtied past him, he worked his hage and fiery jaws most ravenously. "«nt " Well," said the second lieutenant, " let us "ive tba gentleman another shot, and thea come to close quartenü Mr. Mitchell, you have a pistol in your hand : fire ?' r .'In the name_pf the Holy Trinity !"'said the supersti- tious first, "there!" 'Bang!.'ind the shot toot effect deeñ iii the loins of the unfortunate' cow. .; , * At this precise moment, Captain the HonouraMb Aosnj. tus Fitzroy Fitzalban rushed from his cabin forward, attirai in a rich So wei ed silk morning gown, in which scarlet Brew dominated. He held a pistol cocked in each hand ; and aa he broke through the" crowd,'- he bellowed forth Trata». " Where's the ghost ? let me see the ghost !" He waa sooot in the van of the a'tonithed gazers f but, disappointed lits, alban ! he saw BO Rho t, because, os the man said in ti» Critic,"'twasnot in sight." Immediately the honourable captain-bad gained bis sttV tion, the much-wreBged ar.d persecuted cow, galled by hs wound, with a mortal effort snapped the rope with whick she was fastened, and then lowering her horned head newly level with the deck, and nourishing ber tail after the maa. ner that an Irishman' flourished his shillelagh before he com. menees occipital operations, she rushed upon the crowds! phalanx before ber. At this instant, BS if its super- natural mission bad been completed, the spirit vanished. The ideal having decamped, those concerned bad to save themselves from the well-Kdlowed up assaults of the real. The captain flew before the pursuing horns, d'-ning the cow in all varieties of condemnation. But she wa» generous and she attached herself to him with an unwonted; or rather an unwanted, fidelity. Lanterns were crushed and men overthrown, and laughter now »rose amidst the shouts of dirraay. The seamen tried* to impede the progress of tb« fnrious animal by throwing down before her lashed np hammocks,. and by seizing ber behind by the tail; hst woe is mer the honourable the Captain Augustus Fitzroy Fitzalban. conld not ron so fast in bis variegated and.searlet flowered silkdresB¡n?-gown as a cow in the agonies of death for be had just reached that asylum of safety, his cabla door,.when the cow took ihim np very carefully with her horns, and first giving bim a monitory shake, then with aa inclination to port, she tossed hinvri4bt over the ward-room sky.-l<ght, and deposited bim very pingelly in the turtle tub that stood leshed on the larboard aide of the half-deck. This exertion woe her last ; for immediately after falling upon her kneesj. and then gently, rolling over, to users. Homeric expression, : her soul : iissaed. from the - wound and sought the shades below, appropriated to the souls off COWS.:. Í ... , .. , ., ; In the meantime, the captain; was sprawling about and contending with his 'turtle for room, and he stood: ia very i good chance of bein; drowned.'even in ta tab;: ? but assistance speedily arriving he was-drawn outland thuir the world was spared . seocnd tale of' a ~-tnb.'' Bot there was something in the Bpirit of the aristocratic Fitzslbaa that neither cows, ghosts, nor turtle- haunted water could ¡subdue.' Wet as he was, and suffering also from the con Uusions of'the "cow'u» horns, he inimediateiyi ordered more 'light, and proceeded te search for the ghost,-prolifb parent 'pf all hismishars. - > ' ' -Well e corted he visited the manger, bat the most scroti nir.ing search could discover nothing extraordinary. I'la place seemed to have been undisturbed, nor once to bava departed from its'usual solitariness and1 dirt. There was net even so much os a-emelf of siilpliur on the spot where the spectre had appeared, nor were'there any siyns 'of wet, which, supposing the thing seen had been a real: animal, would have been the ca w, bad it come frcm the sea'through one ot'the hawse-holes The whole atluir was involved in the most profound mystery". The honourable captain, there- fore, caine to the . conclusion ' that 'nothing Whatever had appeared, ard th.at tho whole' wasHhe creation of cowardice. . Hot with rage ond aguish with edd,, he retired to his cabin, vowiug'a.l nianney of impossible vengsance, mutter- ing about court-martials, and solemnly protecting that Mr. Mitchell, the first lieute&ant; should tay bim.for the cow that he had so wnntoi>ly--ahot. Blank were the countenances of many th» next morning Tho first lieutenant w»»-not, as usual, asked to breakout. There was distrust and divisi. li in bis majssty's ship Narnia and the Honourable the Captain Augustus-Jfitzroy Fi silban bad . several severe contusions on bis noble,, person, a bad cold, and no ni iii, for -breakfast ; an accumulation of evils that no coe cf tbe aristocracy ought to ba obliged to bear. Though Mr. Mitchell did not breakfast "wi h the captain, Jack Small,, alias Small Jack, a*ios Mr. Littlejohn, did- The only attempt of the captain->that morning»t conversation was ns follows ? With a voi< » that croaked like a raven's at the point of death, evidence <xt 'crpt of sa abominable Bore throat, the captain merely said ta tbs reefer, pointing his few-finger downwards-ns he did theda) befoie, "ùlilk!" . _ ; " Mr. Littlejohn shojltdiis head dolefully,and replied, "Na ow" , > "My cow died last night," said the afflicted commander with a pathos that would have wrung, th? heart of a stone .statue-if it could have beard it. .! "If you please, «Ir-,''saidthostewsrf',J'-Mr Mixhellsendii bia compliments, and would be very glad to know .what yon» jwid have done ? with.the dead cow.""-"-My compliments to VAT. Mitchell, and; /»e may do "whatever he likes with it. die shot it, and moot pay for it ; let bim eat it if ha will.'' { The first lieutenant and the captain were, after 'this, not jon speaking terms fer three month?. Several due's bod' Very nearly been fought about the ghost ; those -who hod ¡1 ot Been it, branding th ese wbo lad with an imputation only a little short of cowardice ; those who had reen it,.be- coming for a few weeks very re'ijiious, and firmly resolving henceforward td gat drunk only in pious company, 'fbi carcass of *he cow was properly dresssd and cut un; bot few were found who would eaiof-.it, tbe majority cf. the senmen.tliiuking.tl nt the animal had been bewitched ; tb« captain of course would take none of it, unless Mr. Mitchell would permit him to pay him lor.it at so much ter pound, as be pertinaciously pretended to consider it to ba the pro- perty of the first lieutenant. Conseunently, the animal was nearly shared between the mittshipmea's berth, ?' and tbs mess of which- Joseph Grummet,, tue captain of the. waist was an unworthy member. L . The day following the ileath-of the cow, Joie^h .Grummet, was found loitering about tba-doorof the young, gentlemen'» berth. ' "Any milk to-morrow, Joseph?*' said tho caterer,-"hfl, sir," wilka most sensible shake of the bead. . "Oh 1- the cow hos givaa up the ghost ! '-" And. tcnt> body elta-too I" -This simrjle expression sjemed ta hay» much relieved Joe's overcharged bosom : ho-turned hUajiii in his mooth with evident satisfaction, grinned, and. wu shortly after lost in tho darkness forward.. r There never yet was a ghost story that did not prorea very simple affair when tbe key to it was found._ The cap- tain of the Narnia never would believe that anything uncom- mon was ever seen at all. Ho was, hewever, es much in tbs. wxong as those who believed that they : had toefl, a gloat The occurrence could not be forgotten, though it' ceased tl ba talked of.' Two years after, the ship cam» tu England.aDd was pud off. Joseph Gssmmet bigged his notes and bis sovereign with muon satisfaction ; but bai did not jump like » BU into the first boat, and rush ashore to scatter bis hard-earned wages among Jews, and people still worse ; he stayed tout lost man, and anxiously watched for the moment' when tba j pennant should be hauled down: Wheu be saw this fairlr done, he asked leave to speak to the captain. He wu > ushered into the cabin, and lie there saw many of tis ; officers who were taking leave of their old commander. .»Well, Grummet," said the sk'ipp3r, " what nowt" -, "Please your hononr, you offered five guineas to anybody who would tell you who milked the oow.". , i" And so I will, gladly," said the capt am, pleasantly, " if the same person will unravel tha mystery of the gboit And he turned a triumphant look upon "the believers in tp> rita who stood around him. "I milked your cow, air." . . " Ab 1 Joseph, Jcsaph ! it was unkindly done. . But witt your banda ?»-"We widened a pair of Mr, Littlejohn"! m glove«, sir." - " I knew that little raical was at the bottom of it ! bot ; there it honour in the midshipman's berth alllL, Wbatw. the reason that they thus sought to deprive ina ol isy property Î"-"You woul n't allow them tb takè any uv» stock on board, that cruise, sir." ._x,i < «' So - so-»wild justice, bey Î Bat come to the ghost. \- " Why, sir, I wanted to baie the cow nnwatohed fora ; r.rter of an hour every middle watch ; eo I took tia k's head we bad caught a day or two before,, rcraped ott ; most of the flesh, and whipped it in a bread-tag;-it »hon« ¡ brighter in the dark than stinking; mackerel ;-so I whip* ? bim out when I wants bim, and. wabbles bis jaws about. -J ' was safely stowed under the bowsprit from your shot; ano when your honour walked iu on 'One 'side of JW manger, I walked, witb my head under my arm, out of UH other." ' j ti " Well, Joseph, there are yonr five guineas ; ana, genii ¿ men," said the HououraUe the"Captain AuguatrJa ittxroy Fitzilban, bowing IO his ofliwrs, *? 1 -vish you joy of vo*r . gboet." - .. '. ' " ii ' : ' v . i 