ST. BENEDICT'S— CONSECRATION. The solemn dedication and consecration of churches to the worship of the Almighty dates from the time of the command given by God to Moses, daring the sojourn of the people of Israel in the desert, to erect a Tabernacle, in which, as we read in the 20th chapter of Exodus, 42ud verse, sacrifice might bo offered ' by perpetual oblation at the door of. the testi mony before the Lord ;' and in the 43rd verse of the same chapter, the Lord says, ' And there will I command the children of Israel ; and the Altar shall be-sanctified by my glory; aud I will sanctify also the Tabernacle of the Testi mony with the Altar.' Minute directions are also given in the same book for the form and manufacture of the various saered vessels, and for the composition and use of the different oils and perfumes used in the service of the Temple; and iu the 29th verse of the 30th chapter, the Lord says to Moses, ' And thou shalt sanctify all, and they shall be most holy ; ho that shall touch them shall be sanctified.' In the sixth and followiug chapters of the third book of Kings, we have a minute of the building and solemn consecration of the Temple of Solomon, at the end of whieh the Almighty visibly sig nified his acceptance of the dedication by sending down fire from Heaven to consume the holocaust which had been offered up to him. It was also the custom throughout the whole of Judcea to have places consecrated and set apart to the service of »God, in which sacrifices and gifts were offered to him, and in uo other place. If we come down to the Christian era, we fiy.d, according to Selvagius, that from the earliest ages of the Church it was customary to eonsecrate churches ; but it was not until the fourth century, during the reign of Constantine, that it became general thronghout the Church, or was invested with the solemn ceremonies now used in the celebration of the rite : probably the persecutions to which the Church duiing the greater part of the three first centuries made it necessary that the rite should be more simple than that practised by the Church in after ages. The great victory gained by Constantine the Great over Masentius, iu Octobar, A.D. 312, placed the Roman Empire at his feet ; and from that hoar, the Christians, who had been compelled to offer up the Holy Sacrifices in catacombs and caves, emerged from their hiding-places and commenced the * erection of splendid churches all over the Em pire. Their efforts were led by the piety of the Emperor, who, throughout the whole of bis do minions, sought by every means in his power to repair^ the injury done to the progress of Christianity by the persecutions of the Pagan Emperors. But it was in Rome that the piety of Constantine chiefly manifested itself, which is attested by the great number of churches he built, and the richness of the endow., ments which ha bestowed upon them. The principal among them all is that of St. John Lateran, the metropolitan church of Rome, and styled the head, the mother, and the mistress of all the churches of the Christian world. This church, which stands upon the Ccelian Mount, occupies the spot, aud was built of the materials of the house of Plautius Lateranus, a Senator, who was put to death for conspiracy in the time of Nam, and descended to Constantine in ri^ht ' of his wife, Fausta. After the foundation ofSt. John Lateran, seven other, churches were built at Ro-ne by Constantino, the first of which was that of St. Peter, on the Vati -an Hill, where the Prince of the Apostles had received the crown of martyrdom ; and that of St. Paul, at his tomb, on the Ostian Way. The endowment of all these churc'ues amounted to £.13,000 per aunuai— an enormous sum of monev, reckoned according to its pre3eut value. They also re ceived a per cuntage of the value of the spices imported from the East. The original church of St. Pelur having fallen into decay,. it becatue necessary to pull it down and designs for the new church to be rebuilt in its place wore en trusted to Bramante; but they were altered by Mrchael Angelo, and the church as it now stands is principally the work of that great architect. It. was commenced under Julius H, in 1506, and consecrated by Urban VIIT., on November 18th,' 1626. During the middle ages, the number of churches built and conse crated by the piety of the Catholic Sovereigns of all the countries of Europe, and by other pious persons is almost i.-.credible, ar.d forms a striking contra.-t to the degeneracy and 1ike wnrumess of the present age, ra --re intent upon making money than upon devoting their ms'aus to the extension of religion, and to the raising of temples consecrated to the 'worship of Almighty God. ? Among tho numerous churches built by Saint L ?uis, King of Franco, we road that Pope Pacftl I. consecrated tin; 'Church of Saint Yin cent with the Sacred College of Bishops and Cardinals. Ab.mt the yuar !0)5, the 'Crypt of the_Monas?erxof Saint Michael was co'isecratcd by;S:unt Bernard of Hildersheilm and two other Bishops ; and three years afterwards, the chinch beiug finished, it was consecrated bv the same Saint, with three other Bishops. In the consecration of the Church of Mans, in 1L20, the High Altar was consecrated by Gilbert, Archbishop of Mans; Saiut Julian's, by'Galfred, of Rouen ; Saint Mnrv's. bv Hilde be^t, of. Jlans ; and that of the Holy.C'iO-s, hy Reginald, of Anglers. 'Right early in the morning,' says Sugerius, ?? Archbishops and Bishops^., Archdeacons and, Abbots, and other ? venerable persons, v?ho had lived of their proper expense, bore themselves right bishopfully, and took their places on the platform raised for the consecration of the water, and placed between the sepulchres of the Holy Martyrs and Saint Saviour's Altar. Then might ye have seen, and they who stood by saw, and that with great de votion, such a band of so venerable Bishops, arrayed in their white robes, sparkling in their Pontifical robes and precious orfreys, grasp their pastoral staves, call on God in holy exor cism, pace around the consecrated enclosure, and perform the nuptials of the Great King with such care, that it seemed as though the ceremony were performed by a chorus of angels, not a band of men. The crowd, in overwhelm ing magnitude, rolled around to the door; and ?while ihe aforesaid episcopal band were sprinkling the walls with hyssop, the King and his nobles drive them back them, repress them, guard the portals. The number of churches consecrated in the United Kingdom in modern times is very small, the principal being that of the Metropolitan Church of St. Mary's, Marlborongh-street, Dublin, and a few others in England and Ireland. The last that we are aware of having been consecrated is that most benutiful Church of St. Mary's Star of the Sea, at Greenwich, near London — one' of the finest specimens of modern ecclesiastical Gothic architecture that England can boast of, and of which Mr. Wardell, the present Government Architect of Victoria, was the designer. This church was consecrated ?with great solemnity by the Right Rev. Dr. ?Grant, the present Bishop of Southwartb, within a very short time after its completion, the Very Rev. Canon North, D.D., Rector of the Church, the Dean and Chapter of the Diocese, and a great number of the clergy from all parts of the kingdom' taking part in the ceremony. There are various conditions in the consecra tion of a church which must be strictly com plied with, otherwise it cannot take place ; and as - these conditions, with other particulars of this rare and interesting ceremony, are not uni versally known, .we propose to give a brief account of them. The relics of some of the Saints must be deposited under the Altar, or some other suitable part of the phurch, but. ' generally under the Altar. The ceremony can be performed only by a bishop, a priest being prohibited from doing it by the €ouncil of Car thage. It must be endowed from goods law fully acquired. A church erected for profit cannot be consecrated; nor one which is not sufficiently endowed ; nor one in which an Infidel or an excommunicated person is buried, unless his body shall have been previously re moved and the church purified. Of the ceremonies which are used in the con secration, the sprinkling of the wall signifies Baptism, because in some sort the church itself is baptised, and the church represents that ?which is contained in it — namely, the multitude of the faithful. Salt is mixed with the water not only that according to the Old Law salt formed part of every sacrifice, and no victim was offered without it ; but because throughout the whole of the scriptures salt is symbolical of wisdom, which is the seasoning of all virtues as salt is of all meats ; and in order that infants may have, by the symbolical meaning of the Sacrament that which they cannot have in fact, the water is not blessed without the mixture of aalt. The three aspersions within and without the Church with Holy Water are performed for three reasons ; to drive away evil spirits ; for the cleansing and expiation of the church itself; to remove all malediction and bring in a blessing ' The three responses chanted in the meantime, testify the joy of the three ages of men receiv ing the faith, Noah, Jacob, and Daniel. The three circuits made by .the Bishop during the aspersion, denote the three circuits which Christ made for the sanctifieation of the Church. First, by which He came down from Heaven ; second, in which He descended into Hell; third, in which returning from Hell he ascended into Heaven. They also show that the Church is dedicated to the Trinity ; and also the three states of such as shall be saved by the Church, the virgins, the continent, and tho married. The three knocks at the door signify the threefold right which Christ has in his Church, why it should be opened unto him, and the question of the Deacon who alone is allowed to remain in the church, answering in the character of the people, ' Who is tho King of Glory ?' de note the ignorance of the people who know not ? who he is who desires to enter. The threefold proclamation ' Lift up your heads, &c.;' signifies the threefold power of Christ in 'Heaven, in Earth, and in Hell. The Bishop enters by the open door to denote that if he duly exercise his office nothing can resist him. He enters accompanied by two or three witnesses, that every word of tho conse cration may stand sure. As he enters he says Peace be to this house and to H them that mcell tlerein, because Christ entering tho world made peace between God and Man. : During the chanting of the Litany the Bishop prostrates hinisulf and prays for the sanctifieation of the Cbuiteh in imitation of Christ humbling himself before his passion, and ?praying for his disciples tint tliey should believe through his word. After raising up he prays without the customary salutation The Lord be wltli.uoti, because tho Clinreh is not yet as it were completely baptised, and because Uathcchumons are not worthy that this mark of approval should bo given to them, not being yet sancti fied. , The clergy praying and chanting the Litany represent the Apostles who intercede with God for the sanotificution of tho Church and of souls. The alphabet, written in Latin and Greek upon across made with ashes and sand signifies threH things. The writing in Greek and Latin in the shape of a cross represents the union' of all 'hdtt'uis in 'faith, through the .Cross] of Christ. The St. Andrew's Cross that i3 des cribed in a direction across the Church, one arm '. from the loft corner of the East to the right of j the West, and the other from the right of the s East to the left of the West, signifies that I the people that was before on the right is now ?- upon the left, and that which was first is now , last, and the converse, owing to the power of the - Cross. Christ passing from theEastleft the Jews upon his left hand, because they were unbeliev- 1 ing, and came to the Gentiles, to whom though i they had been on the West He grants to be on his right hand. The writing of the alphabet repi esents the page of both Testaments* because - they are fulfilled by the Cross of Christ. In - these few letters also all knowledge is con tained ; and the alphabet is*vvritten crosswise because one Testament is contained in the other. It also represents the Articles of Faith, for the pavement of the Church is the founda tion of our Faith, and the elements written therein are the articles of faith in which igno rant men who ought to esteem themselves, dust and ashes are instructed in tho Church. The staff with which the alphated is written shows the doctrine of the Apostles, or the mystery of the Teachers, by which the conver sion of the Gentiles has been effected. After the consecration of the Altar, which is sprinkled seven times, the whole interior of the church is sprinkled three times, as at first, to signify that external ablution profiteth nothing without in ternal charity ; and the smaller, as well as the greater, stones are sprinkled to signify that there is no respect of persons with God. The aspersion is performed from East to West, and once through the middle, in the form of a cross ; because Christ gave instructions to baptize the whole of Judcea and all nations in the name of the Trinity, to which Baptism He gave efficacy in the ministry of His Passion, beginning from the Jews, from whom he had His birth. Twelve Crosses are painted on the walla as a terror to evil spirits, who, being driven forth, may be terrified by the sign of the Cross, and may not presume to enter again ; as atnark of triumph; and also that those who look upon them may call to mind the Passion of Christ, by which he has consecrated His Church. The twelve lights placed before the twelve crosses signify the twelve Apostles, who b.Ave. illumined the whole world by the Faith of the Crucified, and whose teaching has dispelled the. darkness ; and they are also lighted up and anointed with chrism, because the Apostles, preaching the mystery of the Cross, have by the Faith of Christ illumined the four quarters, of the earth unto knowledge ; have lighted them up into love ; have anointed them unto purity of conscience, signified by the oil; and unto the savour of a good reputation, signified by the balsam. : After the con&ecration; of the church is com pleted, the Bishop proceeds to the consecration of the Altar. It is a necessary condition in the consecration of an Altar that it must be entirely of stone; and the Bishop,. standing up, begins the consecration by saying, ' O God, make speed to save us ;' because He Himself has said, ' Without Me ye can do nothing.' During the whole of the consecration, both of the church and of the Altar, tho ' Alleluia' is omitted, because those who are not baptized are not worthy to join in the praises of angels; but after the consecration is entirely finished, the ' Alleluia' i* chanted, because the delusions of the Devil having been expelled, God shall be praised. In the blessing of the water for the consecra tion of the Altar, four things are necessary — water, wine, salt, and ashes j because there are IUU1 tULIl^O » U4WU \JA£J\JM. \,Li\J VlJUtli V. XUC AlISlJ is the outpouring of tears, denoted by the water, the second, the exultation of the soul, denoted by the wine ; the third, natural discretion, by the salt; and the fourth, profound humility, by the ashes. . « The four crosses made at the four horns of the Altar, and the one in the middle, signify the love for God, for themselves, for their friends, and for their enemies, which they ought to possess who approach tho Altar; and the one in the middle signifies the Passion that Christ suffered in the middle of the earth — that is, Jerusalem — in order to work out the salvation of mankind. The Bishop goes seven times round the Altar, to signify — first, that he ought to exercise care for all, denoted bj' the act of going round ; second, the seven meditations we ought to en tertain on the seven-fold virtue of the humility of Christ; third, the seven journeys of Christ: from Heaven to the Virgin's womb; thebce to the , manger ; from the manger to the world ; from the world to the Cross; from the Cross to the sepulchre ; from the sepulchre to Limbo ; and finally to Heaven. The Altar is eprinkled seven times with water, to notify that in Baptism the seven gifts of i the Ploly Ghost are conferred. The asper sions are made with an aspersory of hyssop, by which herb, because it is lowly, the lowliness of Ch'ristis repiesentud ; an.d.it.also grows upon a rock, which signifies Christ; and for many uth'er symbolical reasons. The Bishop prays while the Altar is sprinkled with water, because* without God no work is perfectly consummated. The blessed water which remains (if any) is poured at the foot of the' altar, as in the Old Testament the blood of the' victims which remained was poured away in the same place, to signify that the remainder in so great a rite is given over to God the Chief Priest. The sepulchre in the altar, in which the relics of the martyrs are deposited, signifies the pot; full of manna which was placed in the Ark of ttie Covenant. This sepulchre is consecrated by four crosses made with chrism, because there ?arej four virtues, Prudence, Justice, Fortitude aud Temperance, with which our hearta are. nnnomted, when they prepared by the. Holy Spirit, to receive the mysteries of heavenly, secrets'. Three grains , of frankincense are en closed with the relics,' because' wo' ought, to., re taiq in our 'recollection 'the examples' of ^ he Saints together with faith, in the Holy 'Trinity. rhe table on the top. of the altar denotes the | perfection and solidity of the knowledge of God, ind it is of stone to signify the firmness of faith ; the knowledge of God, which is the perfection \\\\\& confirmation of all good gifts ; and also lesus Christ himself whom the Apostle speaks of as being the chief corner stone. The five crosses made with oil upon the table of the alter signify that we ought always to have in remembrance the five Wounds of Christ. The crosses are iiiade with chrism, composed of balsam and oil, be cause balsam signifies good report, and oil clearness of. conscience. The altar is anointed three times, because the Church is marked with Faith, Hope, and Charity, it is burnt in five places, at the four corners and in the middle, because we ought to exercise the five senses of the body, that the report of our good works may extend to our neighbours, and the burning of in cense at the middle and corners is to typify the multiplication of prayers through Jerusalem and in the Church. The confirmation of the Altar by the Bishop with chjism on the front of the stone signifies the confirmation that is parformed daily by the Spirit of God upon the Altar of our hearts. Tho last benediction of the Altar signifies the final benediction of the blessed at the end of the world, and the Altar is then wiped to signify that we ought to cleanse our hearts by purity of life. The consecration of the church will be per formed by his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney ; and the High Mass afterwards will be sung by the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane. The ceremony of consecration will commence precisely at seven o'clock in the morning. 