LEVY REDIVI VUS. The Ghost it was dead, and the spectre had fled, And the Bay was as dull as e'en dullnesa could be, When a spirit came down, to enliven th. town, In the shape of fair' ormanhy's famed M.L.A And he blew his owu trumpet, so loud ant so long, And its echo resounded so far, and so near; From each street, lane and alley, in number so strong, The people Assembled the music to hear; And he brought a new nostrum to heal al our ills, A perfect panalcea to cure all our woes, A jolly sight better than Iloiloways pille, Or the famed enmbrocation prepared by the Rows. Petition I he cried l that your wants may b known, And you'll get all you ask for, depend, sni good sir; Your members support, let their hands be upborne Like Moses of old between Aaron and Ilur. And he told of a land bill, that measur so grand, That life to the dead it most surely will give W'hen in full operation t'will put on the lars Population by millions, in plenty to live. And he spoke of a bill that's in embryo now Tho' whets it is passed it will be such a boon And the cadhl to our coffers so freely wil dow, We can make a main road right from her to the moon. When our lands are all sold, and our gol is all flown, And sweet Melbourne hath us of our treasure bereft, This wonderful bill gives us all for our own Full right to a third part of what there is left But we think it is right, and the truth w must tell, And we're very well sure t'would have left u nmore gold And in other respects wou!d have been quite as well- If the bill had been passed ee'r our land had been sold. lBut the Melbourne Gent, would not haer liked it so well So Levy this truth did not venture to tell Then our pet Separation such harm it hap done, The chief reason it is why our grants are sc small, And if we refuse Separation to shun, Why next year we will get just nothin1 at all. Well this is no worse then their other mad pranks, And if nothing they give us we're due them no thanks. One word of advice and it gives usgreat pain : Let our flue M.L.A's just mind what they 're about. Whenever they conme down to Portland again To get in, why we'll give them the dirty kick out. BETA. 