THE FRENCHMAN IN LONDON. f' (From the Cornhill.) THE opinion which a stranger forms of the city to which he comes depends not a little on what he makes up his mind to look for in it. Frenchmen set down in London commonly commit the error of looking for what they have at home, and as they find here neither cafés, nor restaurants, nor vaudeville, such as they have been accustomed to, they feel at the outset a sort of disappointment, which has the effect of dis- colouring the judgments they afterwards form of what they actually do see in London. In this regard my countrymen are more to be pitied than blamed, because their mistake shuts them out from a source of very genuine pleasure, namely, that of identifying oneself with the civilisation of another land. Differences of opinion about London existing between them and myself result, I think, from this, that, when I came to England, I did not at all expect that London should be Paris. I should, indeed, have been vexed if I had found in London the Rue de Rivoli, the Madeleine, the Boulevards, and other places of resort which I knew by heart and I should have been still more displeased if I had found England to be merely France over again, with her government, laws, and manners. I set before myself distinctly the task of studying an entirely new world and in that, at least, I was not disappointed, London is, among all the cities of the earth, the city which is like nothing but itself ; being absolutely unique in its grandeur and its profundity, its heights, and its depths. Now, to attempt, in the course of a few daily or even nightly rambles, to get at the secret, at the real internal life of a Babylonian metropolis, which presents to the observer a study not to be exhausted in many years, is on idle and puerile idea, which reminds one of the story of the child who conceived the idea of emptying out the sea by dipping with an oyster shell in a pool on the beach. I have been eight years in England, and I learn something new about it every day. A French naturalist passed all his own life in studying one-half of the life of a little insect : the whole of the lives of many men might be spent in trying to form a tolerably complete idea of the life that is in London. I shall confine myself, in this place, to gathering together a few of the impressions I have received as an observer of the great city which is, to a Frenchman, of all the cities in the world, the strangest, the most mysterious, the most imposing. What struck me most forcibly when I came to London was the Thames. I had travelled from Rotterdam in a steamer which, if I remember rightly, stopped during the night at Gravesend, and which had to find a path through crowded shipping, against which she ran in the darkness, frequent risks of damaging herself. Now the image of an encumbered river, a river almost blocked up with vessels, was quite new to me. I had heard speak of the crowded streets of London ; but a crowd upon the stream that intersects the city, and a crowd of ships, too-was not that something to quicken the curiosity of a French- man ? I climbed to the paddle-box, and looked with wonder at the thick-lying army of big masts, quietly reflected, with their endless rigging, in the water below, sullen-silent, and just whitened by a little moonlight. Every vessel carried at her peak a lamp, which shone like a star in the distance and nothing could be more striking than the effect produced by this vast multitude of shipping. In the morning the steam-boat, on board which I was a passenger, went on its way. As in a dream, passed by me, in succession, Woolwich, with its huge ArBenal j Greenwich, lifting up the two domes of its Hospital ; church steeples, looking spectral in the white early mist; shipmakers' yards ; dock basins, overgrown with forests of masts ; manufactories, from which great chimneys exhaled morning incense while the noises of the anvil, the furnace, and the steam boiler sent up, here and there, a Marsellaise of labour. Suddenly I was told that there was a thoroughfare underneath us, and that we were sailing over people's heads ; of course, I guessed that my informant was speaking of the Thames Tunnel, which stealthily creeps under the unconscious river, and joins his two shores without asking his permission. Then there were the piers, the wharves, the warehouses, and the great cranes, from whose chains, heavy and rusty, hung in the air monstrous bales of merchandise, as marionettes dangle from a thread wall saying, in different ways, to the stranger, something for the greatness of the people which had learnt so well how to control the forces of nature. I had not myself expected, like Whittington, to find London streets paved with gold : any illusion of that kind would have been a little shaken by what I in fact Baw-terry piles, sallow walls, and muddy streets running down to the banks of the river Though there was gold, after oil, in the price and, in I asmuch as it showed traces of a potently transforming industry. .... It is not difficult to discern the essential characters of the chief European capitals in the streams by which they are traversed. When I approached London, the Thames was palpably under under my eyes from the first; but behind, in my recollections, flowed, of course, the old familiar Sense. Now, the points of contrast between the two great cities are, to a large extent, shown in the two rivers, and, not unnaturally, at once fixed themselves in my mind. The Seine is graceful, whimsical, and, so to speak, feminine. She seems as if she ran for her own amusement as if she were given rather to adorn and entertain the city than to be useful to it. She has scarcely anything to do but to look up at the skies, play with the pleasure boats, and give back to the eye the great wharves, the Tuileries, the Louvre, and the tall towers of Notre Dame. Pleased with almost everything she meets on her way, she moves slowly, folds here and there in her cool, halManguid arms a little island covered with dwellings, daguerreotypes, by day, the trees on her banks, and, at night, lengthens out on her smooth surface, the thousand lights that shine along the shores. But how different the Thames ! Scarcely has the English river passed Richmond, smiled at the swans, and paid its respects to the towering Houses of Parliament, than to ! it finds itself already in the busy part of London, and begins to be a real working river. No matter if its waters are shaken up a good deal, and sometimes as dark as ink-no matter for it helps to making these citizens' fortunes, and bears away towards the sea the impurities of the city, as Time carries to Eternity the dust and soil of human life, leaving behind only the traces of good deeds and service done. The charm of the Thames lies in its usefulness ; its pride is " to forward business." See how hard it works-tossing to and fro, in foamy waves, under the paddle-wheels of the steamers and the oars of the coal barges. On its broad forehead are the wrinkles of labour and travail. What you see on those shores is far from being agreeable to the eye, but perhaps it is worth its weight in gold. In those old tumble- down looking buildings is stored up the wealth of Great Britain, of the whole world. The long bridges, traversed as they all are by myriads of waggons, carriages, and foot-passengers, and traversed, as one of them will soon be, by locomotives thundering as they go, cast the shadows of their gigantic arches upon the troubled surface of the river ; but it still pursues its way, intent upon its mighty task, and is no sooner rid of these troublesome piers and abutments, than it hastens to take up the burden of a merchant fleet. Strong and eager, with its high tides and its low tides, virile, net feminine, the Thames is an image of the life of London itself. One thing which greatly interested me as a newcomer was to find reproduced in the English capital the whole history of the natural growth or formation of cities. In our great continental towns the traces of that history are nearly rubbed out. They are cities where the ukase, the coup d'etat, the' strong hand of authority has wrought changes with a touch, inverted the original relations of different parts of the same city, and set up a sort of factitious centralisation upon the ruins of the old municipalities. In London it is not so on the contrary, you may read the history of its civilisation, stage by stage, in the physiognomy and the activities of its different parts. At the East End of the town you find gathered together those forms of industry which deal with brute matter, and minister to the elementary wants of society. In the "city" proper is developed commerce, strictly so called that which lays the foundation of a people's riches. Now, passing westward, the farther you go the more thickly do you find, grouping themselves together, the liberal professions, the arts, the pursuits which minister to luxury, the theatres, the clubs, the museums, the places of amusement. A journey through this strange world of London is an entertaining course of political economy at every footstep you may learn how money is made, how it is exchanged, how it is spent. Here is the useful first, and then comes the superfluous ; science and the love of the beautiful grafted upon the results of crude manual industry : the tree pushes its laborious roots deep down into the soil, but lifts to the skies its branches crowned with fruits and flowers. Such is London, Each of the districts I have been speaking of-I might say each of the cities I have been speaking of has its own peculiar population. If I walk from Charing Cross towards the east, I meet, when I approach Whitechapel, very different toilettes, different manners, and different people from those I have left behind me in the west ; I might almost ask myself the question, Am in the same country ? This must of course escape the observation of travellers who stay only a few days in London, and who make the blue | der of just beating the bounds of districts whose only | character is to have no character at all. There is, however, a certain grandeur well worth attention, in that natural order in virtue of which the different elements of the social life have here localized and grouped themselves together. An exercise of absolute power might of course have imprinted a much greater degree of regularity upon these London streets, knocked away the unsightly neighbourhoods, given breathing-space to public edifices now jostled by crowds of ill-set houses no doubt ; but would it could it have gathered together the varied forms of labour and intelligent activity, with their corporations and guilds, around just the very centres which would be favourable to the development of the energies of a great people I doubt it. The inspirations which regulate these things occur to liberty, and liberty only. The question is, Should a great city look like the work of a theatrical scene-painter r or should it be just a sphere in which the resources of a nation may be most aptly developed ? It is a fact not unknown that elsewhere the distinctive character of the reign of a particular monarch is often reflected in the physiognomy of WB capital. Thus, in France you have the Paris of Louis XIV., the Paris of Louis XV., the Paris of Napoleon. On the other hand, you have only one London, the London of the English people. That which most of all astonishes my countrymen who come to this city-that which indeed greatly astonished myself-is the visible talent of London. We had been told, all of us, in our childhood that Paris was large ; since our childhood it has taken up fresh territory by the removal of an enclosure wall and yet, compared with London, it is a miniature of a metropolis. A city which begins nowhere and ends nowhere, that is the idea which foreigners usually carry away with them of the English capital. This mere size of London would certainly appear dis- proportionate, having regard to the size of the island, if London were a city of pleasure only. It would then be quite in place to bring up the old fable of the body and the members ; but it must not be forgotten that London is, in fact, a centre of production. It does not absorb, it creates, fecundates. It does not tyrannise over the provinces ; faces not weigh them down ; it cannot deal either in coup d'etat, or coups de fete ; it is obviously much more an agglomeration of forces than a governmental machine. Apart from | all this, the immense size of London is the source of some of its most striking special features. Upon the Continent where shall we look for a city crossed from end to end by railways, under-ground or above ground, and by a nervous system (so to speak) of electric telegraphs, making it easy for the far-off members of the big body to communicate with each other ? What shall we say of these spreading parks (which elsewhere would pass for great tracts of meadow let into the town), where the bright broad masses of verdure The set in their frames of far-drawn architectural lines The truth is, London must not be judged of in pieces ; it must be looked at as a whole and that whole is, indeed, an imposing one small streets that stretch far out of sight, over west by rolling rivers of traffic, the ebb and flow of a busy population, the tumult of industry, the ever-renewed whirlwind of " business." i Yet it is not the material greatness of London which 1 strikes me most ; no, it is its moral greatness. This moral greatness displays itself in its banking institutions, in its colonial undertakings in its provident societies (embracing, as they do, all the conditions of domestic life in those institutions in which the science of combinations struggles with chance and change, and snatches from them whatsoever an enlightened forecast can and in its commercial relation with all the lands of the earth, from the poles to the tropics. Especially is London great to my thinking, in those victories of science and industry the end of which is to make, out of the wealth of all, the wealth of each to add incessantly to the power of the individual man, his well-being, his means of operating upon nature. We have lately had it asked what the Japanese Ambassadors can say to their emperor when they get back to their own country. Well, I venture to suggest a speech for them :-" Sun of all excellence and all grandeur ! we have seen a city in which almost every one of the inhabitants is richer than thou art !" Of course, I do not mean that the citizens of London have in their houses more treasure than the Emperor of Japan or the Emperor of China has in his Summer Palace or Winter Palace ; but I do maintain that each one of them, even with a limited money income, is a more opulent man than an Asiatic monarch -if riches consist less in mere possessions than in the advantages which they can procure for a man, and the means which they give to him of slipping off the letter of WJ necessities, the Bakers Ung keeps a staff of learned men who record, at great expense and with no truth, the splendours of their master's reign ; the people of London have in their service an army of journalists who chronicle, day by day, with independence as well as ability, the history of their city, and of the whole world too. The barbarian monarch may boast, if he likes, of being able to travel through his dominions on the back of a white elephant the most obscure inhabitant of London, who wants to go abroad, finds the marvellous iron monster of the rail- road ready to carry him at the speed of the thunder- bolt. The Asiatic sovereign, to amuse him in his haughty idleness, has little to turn to but the monotonous dancing of women and slaves ; the merest shopkeeper in London can, for a few shillings, find himself in a theatre where skilled actors and actresses translate into visible form for him the sublimest dreams of the sublimest dramatic genius of the universe. Once more may I not well ask, which is the richer of the two men-the Oriental despot, or the Londoner? In spite of the answer which awaits this question, it must be avowed that one of the " London sights " which painfully startle the foreign visitor is, London misery. Of course it is not intended to hint that there is no poverty in the great continental cities ; our statistical records, our official inquiries, our political convulsions, might be quoted, if anything so flatteringly false could ever enter the head of a sane man. But the fact is, that in London misery stands out more in relief, and assumes more dramatic shapes than in the other cities of Europe. In Paris, for instance, the wretchedly poor man shuns the broad daylight he is ashamed of his rags, and never without an absolute necessity, shows himself in the fashionable quarters. One man might be mentioned, who acquired among us quite a Homeric celebrity by merely walking up and down the galleries of the Palais Royal in torn and dirty clothes ; his name was Chodruc Duclos. Come to London, however, and you find the poor tatterdemalion choosing the West End, in which to flaunt his pale, haggard face and general wretched- ness. These wandering spectres of hunger, appearing in great force in the midst of so much that is brilliant and well-to-do, the contrast the two things present is too painful not to be felt keenly by the stranger, Shall I then blame my countrymen for having spoken of the ghosts of misery that thus haunt the bright quarters of the town? No, indeed; not I. But I will ask them if, turning their eyes from these unhappy creatures, they have noticed the schools whose doors are open to the necessitous classes ; the working-men's colleges ; the mendicity societies ; the model lodging-houses ; the hospitals, and a thousand other institutions established to prevent misery or to relieve it Especially I will ask them if they have observed the intensely individual and truly spontaneous character of these works of benevolence ? In France, the State is grand almoner. Public charity is a great machine, which does its work, like the rest, under the controlling sings of a central administration ; it gives with authority, and notifies its benefac- tions by ordonnances. In London, on the other hand, a system of voluntary subscriptions " domestic great good work without noise, and without peremptory neep, and scatters the blessed dew of heaven's kindness over the dark valleys whither the halt and the maimed of " social order " have betaken themselves. No doubt the comparative merits of the two systems we open to discussion ; but a society which looks to itself instead of to its Government, does the good which it sees wants doing, does it of its own accord, and takes no reward but the consciousness of having done right-such a society constitutes, at all events, a spectacle sufficiently novel to arrest the attention of a foreign observer. In France, the State gives a charity because it must in England, the individual gives charity because his heart wills it, and he gives largely; that is all. I Those travellers who spend only a week in the great British metropolis unfortunately exhaust attention upon the night side of London. Unquestionably that " side" furnishes a picture of London life which is particularly easy of study ; but does it convey a true idea of English life ? These nocturnal orgies, these images of drunkenness and shame, these spectacles of degraded womanhood, may either amuse the brain, or oppress the heart, just according to the point of view from which they are looked at. But, in any case, it is not among such scenes that the type of the English character is to be sought. Look up at that win- | dow, where the solitary lamp speaks of graver vigils where a father of a family is working with his head or his hands to earn the morrow's bread. Look at those houses surrounded with iron railings it is true but protected in reality by the purity of the wives and " mothers within, under the shadow of whose tender care lie sleeping the little children, like birds in their nest Or go by night into the markets, where you may see the tired field-labourer sleeping, as on a bed of roses, upon the top of a market cart, full of vegetables, newly gathered. Then you have seen something of London-the true London-in which the English woman has won the assured well being of the in-door world by reverence for conjugal faith and duty, while the Englishman has mastered for himself and these depending on him the world without, by uniting that same reverence to industry and activity. When I observe the impression which appears to be made on some of my countrymen by a short stay in London, I am ready to ask myself, in sorrow of heart, if, after twelve years of a regime unfavourable to freedom, they have at last grown afraid of it. It looks as if they missed with regret the shadow of the police dogging their heels in the streets of Paris, the stations where they used to have the felicity of being searched by the petrol people, the hotels games, where they were happy enough to leave their names and their passpori.'^kT.t really seems to be with something like terror that t hey open a newspaper in which the writers dare to Bay everything ! One would fancy that they are sorry to be no longer listened after by spies as they walk the streets ; no longer stopped at every street corner by the qui went the night watch ! Where, they seem to ask, where are the barracks, where are the swords, of the tcrgents-de-iilk ! An assemblage of menin Hyde-park they take for a riot. A city in which people think, and live, and breathe free air is an ominous riddle to them : they are like children learning to swim, who lose their presence of mind the moment the rope is drawn back. Perhaps a longer stay might reconcile them to the freedom of London ! In time they would doubtless come to recognise the grandeur there is in these art sociations, these learned societies, in which honour and success do not hang on the favour of a minister. They would look with reverence upon those tribunals in which every possible guarantee secures to the accused man all his rights ; they would be able to visit, with quiet, unreproving minds, those prisons in I which only men found guilty are punished. They would learn to admire that spirit of toleration which, in this country, takes under its wings of equal protection every creed and every church. They would come at last to bow their heads respectfully before those I great social institutions which have nothing to fear from the breath of controversy because they repose in a majestic calmness upon the will of a nation. Things I like these make up for a few abuses, and if the hand of Government is less apparent in so many excellent results, why, the force of public opinion is all the more manifest. One might be tempted to say, Hitherto the ambition of the Frenchman has been to become a government functionary ; the ambition of the Englishman, to feel himself a man ! Am I, then, saying that British civilisation, such as it is seen in the city of London, may defy reproach ? That is not what I say. What I do say is, that if freedom allows to grow up in her midst a greater number of faulty things, she, above all, bestows the means of correcting what is amiss. I have never read such severe criticisms of England as in English journals. A people which has the courage and the mental independence to be its own accuser, does not need the teaching of its neighbours in order to find out the path of true progress. The worst fault of London in the eyes of the foreigner is, after all, that it is not a city made for idle people. What is a Frenchman to do who has only a few days to pass in this capital - At the theatre he does not understand the language; , if he is not " introduced " in society, he blames the ' stiffness of the national character, the reserve of English manners, the unattractiveness which hangs over the every-day relations of life. in the streets, he pauses before the shops, and not noticing in what the windows contain all that taste for display which is one of the features of the Parisian shop-world, he concludes that in these well-filled stores there is nothing to buy. -refused, as he thinks, in every direction which he seeks pleasure, he falls back upon cafes chantant and other importations from France ; but as he does not find in such places over here the luxury and comfort which he would find in Paris, he forms a very gloomy idea of life in London. How much better it would be for him if he would start by saying to himself that London was made for English people, and for people i who can, if need be, take on English tastes for a time ! Yet it must be said that one of the most wonderful things about this many- sided city is the readiness with which she adapts her resources to different tastes and different pursuits. To the man of industry she presents her manufactories and gigantic breweries to the artist, her public galleries and private collections of pictures, her Westminster Abbey peopled with statues to the statesman or politician, her House of Commons, where the free speech of a great nation is uttered to the man of learning, her British Museum, and especially its reading-room-that true student's temple. There are in Europe libraries which contain a greater number of books, but who profits by them The catalogues are in the custody of a few servants of the state, as the sacred books of the old Egyptians lay in the hands of the priests; a reading-room, open to everybody, but where nobody is attended to until he has passed an hour is idle waiting, is a place for lounges rather than for students. If the book you want happens to be ancient, or little known, it is never found, and you are obliged to submit, meekly bowing your head to the response of the bureaucratic sphinx, who informs you, that it cannot be had. With respect to the classification of the books, the comfort of the reader, and facility of reference, the library of the British Museum is a model institution, the like of which one looks for elsewhere in vain. Many other museums of science or of useful arts exist in London, such as the Zoological Gardens and the Crystal Palace-the litter a great idea realised, a place where the visitor may review the whole story of the earth and the human race, told in illustrative monuments. Such places as these testify abundantly that this metropolis of commerce and industry is not exclusively taken up by the worship of material interests. Surely, in visiting such institutions, there is something to occupy, not unworthily, the time and attention of intelligent foreigners and indeed, it is not these who are ever found sorry for having made a stay in London. A characteristic feature of some of these institutions is that they have been set up and are still maintained without State intervention. From that fact arises often, I know, a necessity with which foreigners fall out, namely, that of paying at the doors for admission. Well, in France, our Jardin des Plantes'and our Museums are public : it is a piece of generous management which I admire, and which I would not for my own part alter. The question may, however, be raised, whether it is or is not fair to make everybody contribute towards the support of sOurces of pleasure of which only a few take advantage. However this may be decided, it is not less interesting to the stranger to study the methods of a people, which, thanks to a long education in the school of freedom, manage its own affairs, and works out for itself by the machinery of " companies," what is, in other countries, done by the Government. A French sculptor, a friend of mine, David D'Arcy fees, conceived the design of a colossal statue in the Egyptian manner, which should represent the people. On the forehead of this figure he proposed to write .' Intelligence j" on its arms, " Labour ;" on its bosom, "Courage." It was a conception which, like many others, he took with him; unexecuted, to his grave ; but I cannot help asking if, in this statue, he had not, unknowingly, thought out the ideal of English society, the ideal of 'London life. In truth, what strikes me so much in this city, self-made as it is (so to speak), without any presiding genius assisting at its development, is to find all these mighty organs, answering to all the aptitude of civilised life. The division of labour has, perhaps, the effect of leaving between different classes spaces too wide, which, one hopes, will disappear in time but who cannot see at a glance, that there is an immense mechanism of energies here, which are to produce great results? London, who has, so to speak, always found herself in everything, has recently made up her mind to find herself in soldiers ; she has resolved to possess a citizen army. Of course, I speak of her volunteers. Who has not heard in her streets those citizen bands which almost drown the trampling noises of the crowd with the fierce heat of warlike music i In France we have a National Guard, which serves for the protection of the Government, or, more frequently, for its destruc- tion-but when has it defended the country ? It did not think of such a thing even in 1815. And what was wanting to it was, not courage, but freedom. The J idea of an army which costs the state nothing-an army of peace, which does not disturb the foreigner, and only menaces the invader-that idea was born in England of a passing, perhaps even an imaginary, danger. But blessed be the phantasmal terrors which awaken a people to its own resources. What I admire most of all in this movement is not the ardour with which this new army has sprung up ; it is that constitution of the country which, without danger to itself, can put arms into the hands of the citizens. Elsewhere, the same elements of national defence are to be found, but who would dare to utilise them in this manner ? There is, however, one day in the week upon which this great hive of skill and industry silences all its busy hum. The London Sunday startles the foreigner by the force of contrast. An English traveller was once telling me of his surprise when, after a stormy voyage, he had doubled a dangerous corner, and suddenly found himself in calm water inexorably cairn. That sort of feeling is not unlike what a stranger experiences in London, when, following on all the tumult and stir of the work, comes the day of rest. The English, born and bred in the religious tastes of Protestantism, do not notice the contrast so much ; but it leaps into the eyes of the Parisian, who is rightly or wrongly in the habit of making his holiday a day of pleasure. In London, what is he to do? What is to become of him? If he had a domestic circle round him, if he had where to lay his head, he might understand, perhaps, what grandeur there is in this sacred repose of a great nation, in the inviolability of the closed doors, in the truce to all the cares of the week ; but he is solitary, and he wearies of it. I fancy, however, that if he would look around him, he would find upon people's faces an expression of meditation rather than of sadness. The peculiar observance of Sunday which exists in London, rests upon a basis of belief which it is not for outsiders to condemn. The English would have, on the other hand, an equal right to feel scandalised in Roman Catholic countries, at our processions, at the costume of our priests as they walk the streets, at the exterior symbols of our own faith. All that I now aim at doing is to call the attention of my countrymen to the relations which exist between religious order and civil order in Great Britain. Different causes may be assigned to the Reformation, according to the point of view from which it is looked at ; but a fact it is, and a fact which controls all these phenomena. When Henry VIII. withdrew from Rome, he cut the cord which was holding back England in the path of progress. From that time, she has modelled, stage by stage, all her political institutions, her industry, her manners, upon the national character, and not upon a stationary dogmatic basis. It is freedom of thought which has made her what she is. Foreign observers smile with surprise when they find in London such a number of dissent- ing chapels ¡ but to my thinking, the very diversity which this bespeaks, while it in no way implies any weakening of the religious sentiment, is the very strength and safety of England. I can understand that those who like authority at any cost whatever, may prefer unity also, and nothing is easier than to obtain ft of that cost ; but if liberty is to be loved, there must be no fear of variety of opinion. This very rivalry of sects is a barrier against those invasions of ecclesiastical power, of which it is only too easy to find destructive traces in Catholic countries. London, however, much as it has excited my admiration, has no more blotted Paris out of my memory than absence from my native land has effaced love of country in my bosom. London and Paris are two cities which are not to be compared, for they touch each other chiefly at points of contrast. My own earnest wish is, that each may develop itself freely after its own proper type. Paris, with its taste, its enthusiasm for the arts, its love of ideas (sometimes even of Utopian ideas), has, I am sure, a true historic mission. London, with its marked feature of great- ness and energy, its big workshops, its commerce spreading over the thousand seas whose keels are floating in her mighty ducks, its literature whose brightness radiates over lands where the English language is not known ; the focus as it is, of those far reaching political discussions which sweep the world, London has no less. its necessary place in modern civilisation. What a dark deep night would fall upon Europe if either of these great centres of influence were to pass away ! Paris has above all (it may be said) the qualities which fascinate ; London, those which, astonish and sometimes even humiliate the stranger. Far from encouraging between the two capitals a feeling of barren and jealous rivalry, it is the duty of public writers to make them thoroughly known to each other. The English find, undoubtedly, something to look at in Paris, if I may judge by the eagerness with which the wealthiest and most intelligent among them resort to that city of taste, esprit, and science. And the French have much to learn in London. They will find here a free people, alive to its own strength and its own greatness, deferring only to the authority which it respects, and which, instead of scattering its energies in military adventure, has, above all things, sought to conquer the forces of nature. Why speak of the wealth of this people ? They are most truly great in their manifold laborious bees, in their intelligence, and in that spirit of enterprise which brooks no undue control, and which expects nothing from the State but the protection of its bare rights. Thus looked at, London is a fitting theatre for the prosecution of the grandest studies, as it will always be the city of refuge to which vanquished opinion will flee for succour from the storms of oppression, where the exiles of continental Europe will hasten to shelter both their regrets and their hopes under the wing of an all-including freedom, 