ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, The annual conversazione in connection with St. Paul's Church 'was- held '.at the Adelaide Assembly Rooms on Friday 'evening; December 12\. Tea was provided at 6 o clock, of which about 500 persons partook. Alter tea, Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., took the chair, and, at the conclusion of alshort prayer offered by the Kev. A. K, IJusseil. he made son;e terso but appropriate remarks with reference to the history of that church. He thought it was the duty of a Chair man, on such occasions, to say but little, that they might get through the programme of the evening as quickly as possible. He would not, therefore, detain them long; but he had been requested to announce that- Iwoks hr.d been prepared for organizing a systematic mode of subscriptions to wards the Sunday-school, the Church Fund, missions to the heathen, and other objects. At the last annual meeting he expressed a. hope that ere long tne parsonage would be erected, and he desired to record his thanks to Almighty God for having permitted them during the year to complete that building. Their object in the present meeting was not so much of a pecuniary kind as to have a social gathering of the congregation at least once a year. The choir, which was under the direction of Mr. R Cornish, then sang the anthem, ''Praise the Lord.' Mr. 3. Goode, one of the Churchwardens, read the report for the past year, from which it ap peared the attendance on the public services of the church on Sundays had been altogether satisfactory. The number of regular seatholiiers was about 570. and of persons comprising what mieht be called a flqating cqngregation, over 300. The limited ac cbnuuodatiou was sufficiently felt to render it desirable that the church should be completed and the facilities for sittings increased as soon as possible. The attendance on week-day service was .said to have fluctuated considerably, the average number at present being about (iO. An additional ? Sunday niornjng service at S o'clock had also be _-ii established, and the institution of i occasional meetings for scripture reading, \- conversation, and praver, at the parsonage, was ! in contemplation. The number of communi cants at the beginning of the year was 113, which had increased to 131. The holy communion had been celebrated 27 times during the year, and the addition of a monthly eveuingconnnuiiion rendered it possible for some to communicate who were previously debarred. Sixty-tour children had been admitted by baptism into the Church during the past 12 months. The Sunday-school num bered 290 scholars and 21 teachers. The amount of money raised by the congregation for all objects from December 1, 18(11, 'tu December], IMS, was £I,OU2 2sl 3d... which by promised sub scriptions, and a grant from the Leigh Fund was augmented to £1,352 2s. 3d. The report next referred to the erection of the parsonage, and expressed- the indebtedness ' of the minister and congregation to' Mr. W. 'H. Uraham for his generous contribution of architectural plans and superintendence. The religious progress of the Church was favourably alluded to, and the report closed with an exhortation to Christian diligence. The Ven. Archdeacon Woodcock was called upon to speak, but he said he had already declined to take part in the proceedings because of the statp of his health. He was there merely to show his sympathy with the object of the mceting^and he joined with the Chairman in his 'aspirations to Almighty God for the future prosperity of the Church' and thanks for the success which had attended them in the past. The Ilev. D. J. H. Ibbetsox being requested to address the meeting, said he was placed in a similar position to the Archdeacon, not haying had an opportunity of preparation. He heartily congratu lated the congregation on the material and reli gious success which had hitherto attended the Church, arid he earnestly prayed that increased prosperity might be vouchsafed to them during the coming year. A tno, 'Shepherds tell me,' was next sung by Messrs. H. Poussett, C. Scrymgour, and H. Goode. The Re?, A. R. Russell then commenced his lecture on 'Ghost Stories.' He referred to the superstitious feeling which prevailed in days gone by, and even in the present time, with regard tc ghosts and apparitions. H.e was not inclined U state positively whether he was a believer or at unbeliever in the existence of ghosts, but h« thought the amount of evidence in favour of suet an idea deserved their consideration. He als- spoke of some of the causes which had beei assigned for these supernatural' appearances, am then related some most remarkable stories o haunted houses and apparitions. They were al well authenticated, otherwise man/ would fee inclined to doubt them, awl even ?s it was one wai almost constrained to say, 'Truth is stranger thai fiction.' . , , ? This concluding the first part of the lecture, Mr Cornish performed 'The Last Rose of .Summer,' 'Home, Sweet Home,' and the 'ilarsellab Hymn' on the harmonium. An interval for conversation ensued ; at the con elusion of which The Rev. C. JIarkyat spoke. After relating on or two incidents on the subject of the lecture h referred to the great pleasure which such meeting as the present induceil. and said it was a cause o gratitude that they were permitted to mee together as they were doing. They shoul also be grueful f»r the prosperity whic. had attended the Church, and the succes with which the labours of their pastor had bee blessed. After some further remarks he expresse r his gratification at ascertaining the success of th evening communion which his friend Mr. Busse had instituted during the past year. He conclude y congratulating them upon the erection of the - arsonage. which he could state, from a personal s nspection, was a very comfortable residence for 1 lieu* minister. ^ . ' _ ? ?: Messrs. Goode, Pounsett, Scrymgour. R. - lurgess, and Wright then sang the glee 'Fair flora decks.*' , , ? ... | The Rev. A R. Russell took that opportunity 1 .f thanking them for the very comfortable resi- i lence which they had built for him.. He thenpro eeded with the second part of his lecture, by peaking of apparitions which, though not indicate ng death, pointed to relations which seemed to exist -etween friends and relatives living very far apart. Te concluded by descanting on dreams and visions, r hich appear to have been sent for the purpose of aving life; and stated that though he would not :iiv there were not ghosts, yet if there were he hould not be terrified by their visits. It.was, he bought, by no means impossible that visions anu innaritions were the result of some uukuown itural causes. , , The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, .who ^had itercd the room towards the close of the lecture, as called upon to speak. He remarked that hu wuld have hem present earlier, but the duties of lining a new church at Glen Osmond had j-re- jnted him. He made some general observations n the subject of the lecture, and joined in the ravers whieh had l-een offered for the prosperity f the Church and the success of their pastor s iboure. . '? 'Mora amid the Mountains' was then sung by le choir as a chorus. i Mr. E. W. Andrews, after making some re larks upon the lecture, rather tending to the dis suragement of belief in apparitions, said they mst all have been conscious of seeing two very greeable visions that evening— the first, that of iveuty- four ladies presiding most kindly over the ospitable tea-tables; and the second, that of reive or fourteen others, who. assisted by several . entiemen, and directed by their excellent organist, ad added so much by their sweet voices to the ratification of the company. He therefore had teat pleasure in moving cordial votes of thanks 3 the ladies who provided the tea and to the The Rev. D. J. H. Ibdetson spoke at great :ngth on the subject of the lecture, and related everal fresh ghost stories. He then briefly econded the motion, which was carried by ac lamation. , . . . l'he proceedings were closed by sinsring the National Anthem, and the offering of the bene liction. _^_______..^___ 