A 'MEDIUM' IN 1772. Being 'an authentic, candid, and circum stantial narrative of the astound ing transactions at Stockwell, in the County of Surrey, on the Oth and 7th days of January, 1772, containiug a series of the most surprising and unaccountable events that ever happened; which con tinued from first to lust, upwards of twenty hours, and at different places, published with the consent of the family and other parlies concerned. ' ' Does any one remember the .- tockwell Ghost ?' The world was less scientific and more gullible, per haps, ninety years ago, than it is at present ; but yet certain ' surprising and unaccountable events' which it records in these days seem so sug gestive of Stockwell redivivus that I have hunted up the story ; from pages damp, good reader, not with the delightful dampness of your uncut serial, but with the damp of years, — all covered with vellow blotches. The ' astounding transactions ' were as follows : — On Twelfth- Day, 177;, a certain Mrs Golding was in the partour of her house at Stockwell when she heard a noise of falling glass and china in the Aitchen, and her maid, who had been in her service but a few days, came to tell her that the stone plates were falling from the shelf. Mrs Golding went out, and immede diately noises began to be heard all over the house; a clock fell down and was shattered, a lantern tumbled from the staircase and smashed itself, And an earthen pan started in pieces, and its contents were scattered about the floor. The noise attracted several per sons to the spot, one of whom, a car penter, gave in his opinion that the foundations of the house were giving way. Mrs. Golding ran into a neigh bor's house and fainted. v\ hen she came to herself, being still weak and faint, a surgeon was desired to bleed her- which he did — rather a question able remedy for weakness — and the blood in a congealed state, sprung from the basin to the floor, the basin breaking to pieces, a bottle of rum, at the same time, made shipwreck of itself. In the meantime the bystanders, for fear of the catastrophe foretold by the carpenter, were busily engaged in removing Mr. Golding's effects to the house in which she herself had taken refuge, i t soon became evident, how ever, that someagent, more mysterious and horrible than a yielding founda tion, was at work. A pier-glass wrenched itself from the arms of the man who carried it and fell, smashing itself. It wa3 pushed under a side board, and immediately a scene of des truction began above it. Glasses, jarscups, and bottles danced over each other and into each other in a furious manner, many of them springing to the ground in fragments. Some one being asked to take a glass of wine or spirits, both the indicated bottles flew in pieces before they could be touched. Mrs. Golding's fear and surprise be came intolerable. Seeingthat wherever she and her maid went, these des tructive circumstances rouowea tnenij it could not be expected that the neighbors would receive such certain loss into their houses ; and what was to become of her ? It is to be remark ed that though the servant of the un happy lady was the only person who expressed no terror, yet she was con stantly walking about, and could not be pursuaded to sit still Mrs Golding next took refuge in the house of her niece, a Mrs. Pain, sending her own servant back to see what went on at the house which was not falling:. During the absence of the servant— a nn Robinson — all was quiet, but soon after her return to her mistress a fresh scene began. First a whole row of pewter plates fell from a shelf to the floor, rolled about a little while, then settled, and as soon as they were quiet, t4rned over. Being re placed, they repeated the performance, after which a second row perpetrated the same feat. An egg which stood on one of tho shelves, flew off across th'e kitchen, struck a cat on its head, and then broke to pieces. A pestle and mortar next jumped from the high chimney- pieoe, followed by the candlesticks and all the ' brasses' till nothing remained on the Bhelf. Mrs. Pain and her servant then put the glasses and china on the floor, think ing to save something ; but the spirits laughed at such precaution, and a tumbler immediately jumped up about two feet, and was broken. Another followed the example ; then a china bowl, and a tumbler, with rum and water in it, jumped sibout ten feet and was shattered, i\ ext, a mustard pot flew out of a closet in pieces, and a simple cup that had been left on thg table jumped up, flew across tho kitchen, ringing like a bell, and dashed itself to pieces against the dresser. Then the table itself began to dance. It did not use its claws after the fash ion of quadrupeds, as some tables do in these duys to climb up sofas, &c; — perhaps it had no claws — but it put itself into sundry unnatural positions before it could be induced to lie quiet. A ham then raised itself from its hook, and fell to the grfiund. Some time afterwards another*one performed the same feat, and a flitch of bacon brought up the rear. Several of Mrs. Pain's family were reduced to such a state of terror that they could not stay in the house ; but Mrs Golding's servaut, Ann Kobinson, was perfectly composed, and continued walking backwards and forwards in a ghostly manner, entreating her mis tress not to be alarmed, as these things could not be helped. This curious way of viewing the matter, added to the fact that whenever Ann Kobinson was absent the manifestations ceased, caused her to be looked upon with mingled dread and suspicion; but since she was never seen near any of the falling objects, it was evident that if she had anything to do with the tran saction, her power must be super natural. The noises and destruction, how ever continued at intervals during the night, till there was not more than a cup a»d saucer or two remaining to the unfortunate Mrs. Pain. About five o'clock in the morning, Mrs Gold ing declared that she could remain iu that house no longer, and went over, desired her maid to follow, to the huose of a Mr. Fowler. As usual, nothing happened there until the appearance of Ann Robinson, on which, however, the unaccountable distnrbance began again : and the maid, going privately to Mr. Fowler, warned him not to let her mistress remain there, as wherever «he was, the same things would follow. Mr. Fowler then, fearing greater loss, requested Mrs Golding to leave his house, first begg ing her to consider whether she had not been guilty of some attrocious crime, for which Providence was determined to pur sue on this side the grave. Mrs.^Golding replied that her conscience waB clear, and she would not stay in his or any other persons house any longer, but wonld go back to her own. Mr. Pain went with, her, Ann Robinson, of course, being one of the party. As soon as they ar rived, a pail of water began to boil, like a pot on a fire ; box of candleB fell down from a shelf, and a table began to move and fell down. Mr. Pain theu sent Ann Robinson for his wife; during her absence nothing happened, and on her return she was imme diately discharged. Aud there ended the disturbances. Some few pertinacious and disagreeable pcrsms ventured to suggest that Ann Robinson might be able to ex plain the affair in a natural manner, but they were hissed down. If she had any thing at all to do with it, then she must have had means at her command of which ordinary morcais Know nouung. it was decided that the animation of inanimate crockery, furniture, Sec, could not possibly be effected by human means. For the satisfaction of such, for instance, as the narrative probably and euccringly al ludes to as being so ready to discover na tural causes for everything,' it may be added that some years after the astonishing transactions, and when the Stockwell Ghost begun to fade and be no more heard of, this same Ann Robinson made a private confession to a gentleman capable of enjoying a practical joke even when it bordered — as this certainly did — ou downright wickedness. She put long horsehairs, to some of the crock ery, and wires under others; ou pulling or touching these, of course the moveables fell. When she saw the effects of her first feats she was tempted to exercise her dexterity beyond tho original purpose for mere amuse ment. She loosened the hams and bacon, attaching them by the akins, which soon gave way ; and she threw a chemi cal powder into t he pail of water as she passed, after which it bubbled. She managed to throw down several articles with her own hands, and when the victims turned and Raw them broken, or in motion, they attributed it to unseen agency. In short, the only dexterity of the supposed witch, and—a very large feature in the case— the alarm of the spectators, whose terror b^ the time, nud their conversations afterwards, magnified many of the circumstances, #nd invented others, and who were too fall of their own dread of supernatural agency to be capable of examining anything, or even of a moderate degree of observation.-— Once aJVeek. 