A STBAISTGE STOE,Y. A NEW TALE. ;. By Sir Edward Bulwer Lttton. (From All the Year Round. ) : Margrave now entered the litter, and the v Veiled Woman drew the bHpk curtains round'-; him. I walked on, as the guide, some yards ia - advance. The air was still, heavy, arid parched , with the breath of the Australasian sirocsb. We . passed through the meadow lands, studded with slumbering flocks ; we followed the branch -.''? of the creek, which was linked to its source in -f cne mountains Dy ma,ny a uicwicg wateriall ; we threaded the gloom of stunted, .miBsh-ipen - . trees, gnarled with the stringy bark which makes :,' one of the signs of the Btrau which nourish gold ;. - and at length the moon, how in all her pomp ? of; ? -, .lights 'mid-heaven amongst her . subject stare, %y gleamed through the fissures of the cave, on whose ; ? flbor lay the relics of antediluvian raceB, and -V rested, in one flood of silvery splendour, upon the hollows of the extinct volcano, with Itufts of; dank herbage, and wide spaces of paler sward, f coyering the gold below— Gold, the dumb symbol ,{ ?? of organised Matter's preat mystery, storing in it- .- self, according as Mind, the informer of Matter*, '??;? can distinguish its uses, evil and good, bane and , blessing. ??'.'?' . '.;_., ,,: Hitherto the Veiled Woman had remained in ' the rear with the white-robed skeleton-like image ?-*? that had crept to my side unawates with its noiseless step. Thus, in each winding turn of * the difficult path at which the convoy, following behind me, came into sight, I had seen ' first the two gaily- dressed armed men, next the - black bier-like litter, and last the Black- veiled' ' Woman and the White-robed ; Skeleton. But .' now, as I halted on the table- land, backed by the mountain and fronting the valley, the woman left - her companion, passed by. the litter and the armed ' men, and paused by my side, at the mouth of the ' - moonlit cavern. There for a moment she. stood, silent ; the procession below mounting upward ' laboriously and slow ?; then she turned to me, arid .?.??? her veil.was 'withdrawn. The face on which I -! gazed was wondrously beautiful, and severely ' awful. There, was neither youth nor age ; but1 ' beauty mature and majestic as that of a marble ' Demeter. - . ?? '? Do you believe in that which you seek?' v she asked, in her foreign melodious, melancholy ''. accents. '? ? ? ? ' ? ?_? 'I have no belief,' was my answer. ' True science has none. True science questions all ! thicigs, takes nothing upon credit. It knows but three states of the mind — Denial, Conviction, arid ''''. that vast interval between the two,, which is not ! belief, but suspense of judgment.' '''; ?'?'':'; The woman let fall her veil, moved from me, ':;) and seated herself on a crag above that cleft beV ' ' tween mountain and creek, to wBch, when I' had firBt discovered the gold that the landnour- '''.' ished, the rain from the clouds had given the ' iushing lite of the cataract, but, which now, in 5 the drought and the hush of the skies, was but a ' dead pile of stones. : ; ? The litter now ascended the height ; its bearers V j; halted; a lean hand tore the curtains aside, arid ' Margrave descended, leaning1, this time, not on ' the Black- veiled Woman but on the White-robed / Skeleton. There, as he stood, the moon shone l full on his wasted form ; on his face, resolute, cheer- ' ful, and proud, despite its hollowed outlines and '.. sicklied hueB. He raised his head, spoke in the. : language unknown to me, arid the arined men arid ? the litter-bearers grouped round him, bending low, their eyes fixed on the ground. The veiled ????' Woman rose slowly and came to his side, mo- ; tioning away, with, a mute Bign, the ghaBtly form ? on which he leant, and passing round him silently, ' instead, her own sustaining arm. Margrave '? spoke again, a few sentences, of which' I could' not even guess the meaning. . When he had con- ..« eluded, the armed men and the litter-bearers .. came nearer to his feet, knelt down, and kissed .; his hand. They then roBe, and took . from the, bier-like vehicle the coffer and the fuel. This . done, they lifted again the litter, and again, pre- ... ceded by the armed men, the procession de- ? ; scended down the sloping hill-side, down into -; the valley below. Margrave now whispered, for some moments, into the earof the hideous crea-i: ture who had made way for the Veiled Woman. ; The grim skeleton bowed his head submissively, and strode noiselessly away through the long grasses; the 6lender stems,, trampled under his .. stealthy feet, relifting themselves, tas after a paiB8-« ? ing wind. And thus he, too, sank ,6iit ? of sight down into the valley below.' Oh the table-land of the hill remained only we three = —Margrave, myself, and the Veiled, Woman. She had reseated herself apart, on the grey ' crag above the dried torrent; He stood at the entrance of the cavern, round the sides of which ; clustered parasital plants, with flowers of all ; colors, some amongst them opening their petals - and exhaling their, fragrance only in the hours of '. night ; so that as his form filled up the jaws of I the dull arch, obscuring the moonbeam that - strove to pierce the shadows that slept within^ it stood now— wan and blighted — as Iliad seen : it first, radiant and joyouB, ' literally framed in ? - blooms.' -..-..?' , . . ' So»' said Margrave, turning to me, ?** under the soil that spreads around us, lies the gold '- which to you and to me is at this moment of no value, except as a guide to its twin-bom— the re« '? generator of life!' ? ... . ????.?..- '??? You have not yet described to me the nature ? of 'the substance which we are to explore, nor ? of the process by which, the virtues you impute ' ? to it are to be extracted.' ? . ,-?'??- 'Let us first find the gold, and. instead of de-: scribing the life- amber, so let me ball it, I will point it out to your own eyes. . As to the pro- ( cess, your share in it is so simple, that you will ' ask me why I seek aid from a chemist.: The life-amber, when found, has but to be subjected to heat and fermentation for six houra ; it will be placed in a small caldron which that coffer contains, over the fire which that fuel will; feed. To give effect to the process, certain alkalies and other ingredients are required. But these are prepared, and mine is the task to commingle them. From your science as chemist I need and ask nought. In you I havo sought only the aid of a man.' * * * . . ? .« ,* .'. The gold has been gained with an easy labor. I knew where to seek for it, whether under the tuif or in the bed of the creek. But Margrave's eyes, hungrily gazing round evety spot from which - the ore w- disburied, could not aotoot tho outy Stance of which, he alone knew the outward ap \- Jpeatancfi. I had begun to believe that even in the description given to him of this material he had: been i credulously duped, and that no such ! material existed ; when, coming back from the bed of the water-course, I saw a faint yellow gleam amidst the roots of a giant parasite plant, the leaves and blossoms of which climbed up the sides of cave with- its antediluvian relics. The gleam was the gleam of gold, and on removing the loose earth round the roots of the plant, we came on— —No, I will not--I dare hot,- describe it. The gold-digger would cast it aside, the naturalist would pause not to heed it, and'd'd I describe it, and chemistry deign to subject it to analysis, could chemistry alone detach or discover its boasted virtues ? Its particles, indeed, are very minute, not seeming readily to 'crystallise with, each otheri each in itself of unitorm shape and size, spherical as the egsj which contains the germ of life, and small as the egg from which the life of an inject may quicken. .But Margrave's keen eye caught sight of the atoms upcast by the light of the moon. He exclaimed to me, ' Found ! I shall live ?' And then, as he gathered up the grains with tremu lous hand?, he called out to the Veiled 'Woman, hitherto still seated motionless on the crag. At his word she rose and went to the place hard by, ?where thefuel was piled, busying herself there. I had no leisure to heed her. I continued my eeareh in the soft and yielding soil that time and the; decay of vegetable life had accumulated over the Pre- Adamite strata on which the arch of the cave rested its mighty keystone. When we had collected of these particles' about thrice as much as a man might hold -in his hand, we seemed to ,have exhausted their bed. We continued still to find gold, but no more of the delicate substance, to which, in our sight, gold was as dross. - ?'Enough,'' then said Margrave, reluctantly desisting... ?' What we have gained already -will suffice for a life thrice as long as legend attri butes to Haroun. I shall live— I shall live through the cenjturies.' .. .?. . 'Your share— yours ! True — your half of my life! — it is true.' He paused, with a low, ironical, malignant laugh, and then added, as he rose and turned away, 'But the work is yet to be done.' While we had thus labored and found Ayeeha had placed the, fuel where' the moonlight fell fullest on the sward of the table-land— a part of it already, piled as for a fire, the rest of it heaped confusedly close at hand — and by the pile she had placed the coffer. And there: she stood, her arms folded under her mantle, her dark image Beaming darker still as the moonlight whitened all the ground from which the image rose motionless. Margrave opened his coffer, the Veiled Woman did not aid him, and, I watched in silence, while he as' silently made his weird and wizard- like preparations. .....' On the ground a wide circle waa traced by a small rod, tipped apparently with sponge satu rated with some combustible naphtha- .ike fluid, so that a pale lambent flame followed the course of the rod as Margrave guided it, burning, up the herbage over which it played, and leaving a dis tinct ring, like that which, in our lovely native fable-talk, we call the 'Fairy's Ring,' but yet more visible because marked in phosphorescent light. On the ring thus formed were placed twelve small, lamps fed with the fluid from the same vessel, and lighted by the same rod. The ' light emitted by the lamps was more vivid and. brilliant than that which circled round the ring. Within the . circumference, and immediately round the wood .pile, Margrave traced certain geometrical figures in which, not without a shud der, that I overcame at once by a strong effort of will in murmuring to myself the name of ' Lilian,' I recognised the interlaced triangles: which my own hand, in the spell enforced on a sleep-walker, had described on the floor of the wizard's pavi lion. These figures' were traced, like the circle, in flame, and at the point of each triangle (four in number) was placed a lamp, brilliant as those on the ring. This task performed, the caldron, based on an iron tripod, was placed on the wood pilp, and then the woman, hitherto inactive and unheeding, slowly advanced, knelt by the pile, and lighted it. The dry wood crackled and the flame burst forth, licking the rims of the caldron ?with tongueB of fire. Margrave flung into the caldron the particles 'we had collected, poured over them first a liquid oolorleBs as water, from the largest of the ves selB drawn from :his coffer, and then, more sparingly, drops from small crystal phialp, like the phials I had seen in the hands of Philip Derval. .???-. .??;??-.? Having surmounted my first impulse of awe, I watched these proceedings,' curious yet dis dainful, as one who watches the mummeries of an enchanter on the stage. 'If,' thought I, 'these are but artful devices to inebriate and fool my own imagination, my imagination is on its guard, and reason shall not, this time, sleepat her post !' ??And now,' said Margrave, 'I consign to you the easy task. by which you are' to merit your share of the elixir. It is my task to feed and xeplenibh the caldron ; it ia Ayesha's to heed the fixe, which muBt not for a moment relax in its measured and steady heat. Your task is the lighest of all } it is but to renew from this vessel the fluid that burns in the lamps, and on the ring. Observe, the contents of the vessel mubt be thriftily .husbanded ; there is enough, but not more than enough, to sustain the light in the lamps, on the lines traced round the caldron, and On the farther ring, for six hours. The com poundB dissolved in this fluid are scarce — only obtainable in the East, »ind even in the Ea3t months might have passed before I could have in creased my B,upply. I had no months to waste. Replenish then the light only when it-begins to flicker or fade. Take heed, above .all, that no part of the outer ring — no, not an inch — and no lamp of the twelve, that are to its zodiac like stars, fade for one moment in darkness.' I took the crystal vessel from his hand. ** The vessel is small,' said I, 'and what is yet left of its contents is but scanty {whether its' drops suffice to replenish the lights I cannot guess, I can but obey your instructions. But, more important by far than the light to the lamps and the circle, which in Asia or Africa might ocare away the wild beasta unknown to this land ?—more important than light to a lamp, is the $&-8)g& to your frwae, weak, mngigiani What will support you through six weary hours of night- wntch ?' 'Hope,' answered Margrave, with a ray of his old dazzling smile. 'Hope. I shall live— I shall live through the centuries.' One hour passed away, the fagots under the caldron burned clear in the sullen sultiy air. The materials within began to seethe, and their color, at first dull and tnrbid, changed into a pale rose hue; from time to time the Veiled Woman replenished the 'fire, after she had done so reseating herBelf close by the pyre, with her head bowed over her knees, and : her face hid under her veil. The lights in the lamps and along the ring and the triangles now began to pale. I resupplied their nutriment from the crystal vessel. As yet nothing strange startled my eye or my ear beyond the rim of the circle. Nothing audible, save, at a distance, the musical wheel- like click of the locusts, and, farther still in the forest, the howl of the wild do«*s that never bark. Nothing visible, but the trees and the mountain-range girding the plains silvered by the moon, and the arch of the [ cavern, the flush of wild blooms on its sides, and the glearu of dry bones on its floor fhere the moonlight slxot into the gloom. The second hour passed like the first. I had taken my stand by the side of Margrave, watch ing with him the process at work in the caMron, when I felt the ground slightly vibrate beneath my feet, and, looking up, it seemed as if ail the plains beyonid the circle were heaving like the swell of the sea, and as if in the air itself there was a perceptible tremor. I placed my hand on Margrave's shoulder and whispered, ' To me earth and air seem to vibrate. Do they seem to vibrate to you ?' ; 'I know not, I care not,' he answered, im petuously. 'The essence is bursting the shell that confined it. Here are my air and my earth ! Trouble me not. Look to the circle— feed the lamps if they fail.' . I passed by the Veiled Woman as I walked to wards a place in the ring of which the flame was waning dim. And I whispered to her the same question which I had whispered to Margrave. She looked slowly around and answered, ' So is it before the Invisible make themselves visible ! Did I not bid him forbear ?' Her head again dropped on her breast, and her watch was again fixed on the fire. * * * Ani now four hour of the six were gone; my arm had gradually recovered its strength. Neither the. ring nor the lamps had again re quired replenishing ; perhaps their light was ex hausted less quickly, as it was no longer to be exposed to the rays of the intense Australian moon. Clouds had gathered over the sky, and though the moon gleamed at times in the gaps that they left in blue air, her beam was more hazy and dulled. The locusts no longer were heard in the grass, nor the howl of the dogs in the forest. Out of the circle, the stillness was profound. Aud about this time I saw distinctly in the distance a vast Eye ! It drew nearer and nearer, seeming to move from the ground at the height of some lofty giant. Its gaze rivetted mine ; my blood curdled in the V.aze from its angry ball ; find now as it advanced, larger and larger, other Eyeu, as if of giants in its train, grew out from the space in its rear : numbers on numbers, like the spear-heads of some Eastern army, seen afar by pale waiders of battlements doomed to the dust. My voice long refused an utterance to my awe ; at length it burst forth, shrill and loud : : ' Look — look ! Those terrible Eyes ! Legions on legions. And hark ! that tramp of number less feet ; they are not seen, but the hollows 'of earth echo thy sound of their march !' Margrave, more than ever intent on the caldron, in which, from time to time, he kept dropping powders or essences drawn forth from his coffer, looked up, defyingly, fiercely : '' Ye come,' he said, in low mutter, his once mighty voice sounding hollow and laboring, but fearless and firm — ??' ye come, not to conquer, vain rebels !— ye, whose dark chief I struck down at my feet in the tomb where my spell had raised up the ghost of your first human master, the'Chal dee ! Earth and air have their armies still faith ful to me, and Btill I remember the war-song that summons them up to confront you ! Ayesha — Ayesha ! recall the wild troth that we pledged amongst roses ; recal the draad bond by which we united our sway over hosts that yet own thee as queen, though my sceptre is broken, my dia dem refc from my brows !' The Veiled Weman rose at this adjuration. Her veil now was withdrawn, and the blaze of the fire between Margrave and herself flushed, as with the rosy hloom of youth, the grand beauty ofher softened face. It was seen, detached, as it were, from her dark-mantled form ; seen through the mist of the vapours which rose from the caldron, framing it round like the clouds that are yieldingly pierced by the light of the evening star. Through the haze of the vapour came her voice, more musical, more plaintive than I had heard it before, but far softer, more tender ; still in her foreign tongue ; the words unknown to me, and yet their sense, perhaps, made intelligible by the love, ?which, has one common language and one common looK to all who have loved— the love un mistakeably heard in the loving tone, unmistakea bly seen in the loving face. A moment or so more, and she had come round from the opposite side of the fire pile, and bend ing ovtr Margrave's upturned brow, kissed it' quietly, solemnly; and then her countenance grew fierce, her crest rose erect; it was the lion ess protecting her young. She stretched forth her arm from the black mantle, athwart the pale front that now} again bent over the caldron; stretchek it towards the haunted and hollow sounding space beyond, in the gesture of one whose right hand ha3 the sway of the sceptre ! And then her voice Btole on the air in the music of a chant not loud, yet far-reaching ; so thrill ing, bo sweet, and yet so solemn, that I could at once comprehend how legend united of old the spell of enchantment with the power of song. All that I recalled of the effects which, in the former time, Margrave's strange, chants had pro-' duced on the ear that they ravished and the thoughts they confused, was but as the wild bird's imitative carol, compared to the depth, and the art, und the soul of the singer, -whose voice seemed endowed with a charm to enthral all tho tribes of creation, through the language it used for that charm might to them, as to me, be unknown. As the .Bong ceased, I heard, from behind, sounds like, those I nad hearfl in the spaces before me ; the tramp of invisible feet, the whir of invisible 'wings, as if armies -were marching to aid against armies in march to de stroy. ' Look not in front nor around,' - said Ayesha. 'Look, like him* on the caldron below. The circle and the lamps are yet bright ; I will tell thee when their light again fails.' I dropped my eyes on the caldron. ' See,' whispered Margrave, ' the sparkles, at last, begin to arise, and the rose-hues to deepen ; signs that we near the lasfproceas.' (To be continued) Tiger Shark. — One of these denizens of the deep was exhibited at the fishmonger's shop in Moorabool street, on Saturday last. The fish was then still alive, and made known his vitality upon any attempt to touch his head. He was upwards of seven feet long and bulky in proportion, in fact, a very dangerous fellow to come across in his own element. He was caught off the Yarra street wharf, which shows the necessity of paying atten tion to the guard- wires which surround our bath ing houses. — Geehng Chronicle, 10th June. 