THE LADIES' NEW SCHOOL. (From tlio Melbourne Illustrated Post.) dome time ago certain small politicians nnd Geclong journalists tried hard to raise nn alarm throughout the domestic c'rclcs of this colony by agitating the question, What shnll we do with our lioys ? The well-known reply of the Chief bccrctnry, — at once so pertinent nnd so imperti nent, — seems to linvc put n complete extinguisher on the anxious inquirers. At least the question has never lieen revived since ; and we suppose we may take for granted that it has received Its quiit us. The ghost raised by the so-called Protectionists frightened nobody nnd wns ef fectually laid by one very mild joke. But there is a converse question to lie asked, of very 'real significance and deep importance for multitudes of English families. IVIint shnll we do with our girls? is nn inquiry that, nt this moment, is moving the hearts of many fathers nnd mothers in tlie old country. Ilore, of course, the ready answer to it would he, " marry thorn to the hoys." Anil, the vast disparity in the proportion of the sexes in our population taken into account, this seems for us the natural solution of the problem. Our girls can scarcely lie at n loss to find husbands, if domcstically inclined, so long ns tlie number of eligible nchclors is so greatly in excess of that of the marriageable maids. Wu mny fairly remit to onr posterity of the fourth or fifth generation the discussion, whether it is not ncecsssry to discover new nnd suitable fields of employ ment for a lnrge class of Indies who, cither from necessity or choice, nre fated to spend their lives in singlc- blcsscdncss. But not so our friends In the mother country. They nre differently circum stanced, nnd much less fortunately than we nre. They are obliged to face tho difficulty and to clear it, if they can ; and many have been the plnns devised nnd the schemes set on foot with that object, from Miss Emily Fnithfull's fumnlc printing office, down to Miss Itye's project for tiic emigration of governesses. Some enthusiastic advocates of tlicsc move ments have proposed that ladles should lie ad mitted to study nt the universities, nnd to com pete with tho gentlemen graduates for the honours nnd prizes of scholarship.- There is n petition now being circulated for signature, addressed to the Council of tlio London Univer sity, praying that Indies mny be ndinittcd to tlie examinations there. It has been already rcry numcroitsly signed ; and from the tone in which tho lending London journals treat the subject, wo are disposed to infer the probability of the Council's acceding to the ladies' spirited request. When the Poet Laureate composed that most exquisite midsummor's-day droain, " The Prin cess," ho couhl scnrccly linve imagined tlmt what he wns then penning in pure mock- hcroic would one day be realised. His bright vision of n femnlc university, — "With prudes for proctors, dowarcrs for deans, And sweetglrl-gruduates in their golden hair," wns only n poet's fancy, never likely to take shape nnd visible embodiment in reattcr-of-fact England. Indeed, ho Imlf-seornfully laughs nt his own idea throughout the poem ; for ever nnd anon ho makes his hero fall into ustrnngc mystic trance, In which nil things nppcnr shadowy nnd unreal, nnd the passingincidentsnrcnndyetnre not nt the snme time, — like tlio air-drawn dagger of Macbeth. But it is a supremely beautiful vision for nil that; anil many a fnir rciidcr, nssho laid down the poem after perusing it, must linve sighed a deep wish that it'Vero rill true. Why should not woman everywhere bo 'treated ns the intellectual equal nri'd compnillon of man, nnd he allowed te compete with him on equal terms for all tho prizes which nre thrown' open to' tlio con querors in the Intellectual nrenn ? This is the question which the ladles of Eng land are nt last resolved upon hnvlng fairly " out" with the sterner sex: There's no longer to he nny monopoly of scholarship and lenrning tolerated. The golden-hnircd girl-graduate is knocking for- admission nt the gate of the too long exclusive College. - The young lady in the drawing room, instead of droa'ming over George Elliot's Inst novel, is ' grinding nivny stendily at her Greek roots, with a view to the furthcoming matriculation. Female heads are no. longer busily occupied -with the latcstfashions in crinolines anil lints, hut nre deeply intent on tho knotty points of quadratic cquntions nnd the Binomial Theorem, Blue stockings nre everywhere in immense request. A knowledge of -tlio Ilamiltoninn mctnpliysics, and n definite opinion on the vnitie of the Mosaic cosmogony, are indispensable to every gentleman who goes out to spend nn evening with n family in which there are grown up young ladies. ' The lenrned discourse which the three intruders into the enchanted academe, where reigned Tennyson's magnificent anil stately Princess, listened to for linif n summer day, — " The morals, something of tho frame, the rock, .The >tnr, the bird, tho llsh, the shel', the flower. Electric, chemlc laws, and all the rest,"— form the common topics wherever maids and yo.uths do congregate. Balls nre going out, and scientific conversaziones nre coming in. Dan cing is at: a discount, nnd lectures on political economy nnd tho theory of population nre in extreme demand. Miss Mnrtinenu is tlie female author whose works nre in request nt all the libraries. Elizabeth Barrett Brown-' ing's translations from the early Greek fathers of the . church nro prized far beyond her Aurora Zcigh. It was but the other day that n lady, Miss Sheepshanks, wns elected a Fellow of the Astronomical Society. "\Vc all know that Miss Isa Craig, the Scottish poetess, is the very efficient secretary of tlio Social Science Association ; nnd Miss Elizabeth Blnckwcll, M.D., Is a title familiar-to newspaper readers all over tlio world. ' All this is douhtle's very pleasant, nnd very satisfactory to contcinplntc. When the ladies take to scholarship as n pursuit, and give up the mere pomps and vanities of halls and parties nnd fashion-books, then must tho long looked for millennium be very near at hand. By-nnd-by we shall have female physicians, female barris ters, .and femnle preachers in any quantity : for, once throw open the doors of the universiiics to tlie ladies, nnd their path into tho learned pro fessions lies plain and straight before tliem. Tho only misgiving one lias about it is, that one does not exactly see how this rage for lenrning is to be made to combine with the strict "requirements of domestic life. When all is said, it must he confessed that there is a -natural and apparently irreconcileahlc nntngonism between good house keeping and - tho study of Greek, ' or the profes sion of authorship. " It is the curse of marrying a great poetess/' said the husbaud of die 'gifted Felicia Hcmnns ono day, " that a man can never get his stockings darned." On the other hand, great lenrning is vory often an antidote to the liner affections. There is a natural connec tion between a devotion to deep studies in a lady nnd n fife of celibacy. There was a famous learned lady of tho last century, n Miss Carter, who translated Euripides and wrote mntliomn- tical treatises. She lived till the nge of ninety, nnd was never married. She was accustomed to tell that only onco in hor life she fell ill love.' It wns with a Dutchman, nnd the pnssion lasted only n few hours. " For," remarked Miss Carter, " I felt the passion increasing, and so I took a strong dose of Algebra before I went to hod, and it effectually cured mo !" We cannot say that we think Miss Carter's recipe a - goqd ono to be followed by nny lady in like circumstances. Algebra, nnd Greek, nnd universities, may lie all very well in thoir way.; . hut. the domestic affections, nnd tho sweet charities of life, nrid tho inestimable comforts of the home fireside, nrc worth them a million times told. And so, we fear, the Indies nt home will have to confess at length, when they have fairly tried their great meditated experiment of found ing a Female University. 