LOBD WESTBURY'S LAND BILL. Lord Weslbury has redeemed his promise on the opening of the session of Parliament when he introduced his Bill for the "Transfer of Laud." The noble .Lords St. Leonards and Chelmsford succeeded in vamping up pet measures of Sir Hugh Cairns, designed, if not to defeat, at least to obstruct, a promising measure. The Bills of tho two noble Lords, together with that of the Lord Chancellor, were referred to a Select Committee, thus occa sioning a delay, which doubtless afforded hope that by the time the report of that Committee should come under their Lordships' considera tion, so much of the session would have been exhausted that even if the Lord Chancellor's Hill (survived tke ordeal, and it was sanctioned by the Peers, it would arrive at 'another place' too lute to have the ghost of a chance of passing fixia year. We fear these tactics will prove to have been cleverly devised and consistently carried out. The Bill was read a third time, and passed the Lords on the 5th of May. Probably, as short a period as under the circumstances was practi cable. We have diligently searched, however, and can line] no notice of its emerging from the shadow of the Upper House and becoming visible to the Commons. So Lite as ! the 25th May there is no mention of it in the-Orders of the J)av. Is it designed to suffocate it under ti'.e «reat mass of Bills, motions, questions, and explanation which crowd in tit the doss of the session, or is it to be quietly entombed by another Select Committee of the Lower House ? We have a sort of tremulous apprehension that it is fkted to be overlaid by the profession in that assembly. Our fears are awakened by observing that Lord St. Leonards, although ho cpuke ugainst the third reading uud passiug of the Bill, did not give ttfjet to his opposition by diviuiug on iho motion. It seemed to us like a quiet assurance that it mattered little what their Lordships might do, for it was doomed to undergo strangulation elsewhere. Our readers can form their own opinion on our views if they will carefully notice the course of the little debate which attended thefkal passage of the Bill in the House of Lords. Lord St. Leonards, better recollected as Sir Edward Sugden when at the bar, perhaps vexed that his own 'ketle Bill' had been set iside by the Select Committee, objected to a rariety of details, as well us t:- the principle of the Bill. Wouderful was the argument— that ike new measure would involve a considerable expense, and that it would have to be paid for by the country ! As if the general axiom in legal affairs, from this of the Master in Chancery down to Mr. Solomon Pills in relation to a client, was any other than the old saw, that ' everj thing that is done is done regardless of expense.' The chief objection, aa it appears to us, urged by the learned law Lwd v/tis, that by the new law every act affecting the property brought under the Act must be registered. We should have dee:r.cd thu of the very essence of the legislation, which is to render all future transactions clear as sunlight, and de stroy all the mystifications and reticjnee of strong boxes and fireproof muniment rooms. He demurred, also, to a provision that to prevent idle curiosity no inspection, should be permitted beyond the owner or person autho rized by the owner, the encumbrancer, or the Court of Chancery. We havo not often read- a legal speech affording us so much satisfaction as that of Lord Chancellor West-bury in reply. Briefly tracing the progress of the measure before their Lordship?, and disposing of tho rejected Bills as ineffective, he defended his own plan as embodied in the proposed Act. Never perhaps was a juster condemnation uttered of the whole laboured and verbose sv stem of conveyancing now last falling into desuetude, than that which wa3 pronounced by this noble and learned head of tho legal profession. ' Their Lordships were all aware from their own tx pcrience that the effect of a deed running over he knew not what space, and containing he knew not how many words, might be stated by a scientific interpreter in u very few plain sentencf.' What a satire on the profession — that it c'othes its language in such a guiEO that it has uli the difficulty of an unknown tongue, and requires interpreting to render its meaning to a common understanding ! Where, tco, can have been the boasted supe riority of this branch of the learned professions that its ' scientific interpreters' Lave not done far it what lias been done for every other science long since — to simplify its vocabulary, and render its knowledge and practice familiar and easy. * Lord Westbury then proceeded to notice the system he intended to establish by this Bill. He stated it succinctly to be, 'That the effect of instruments, &s; they now existed, should be ascertained by tho most careful scientific investigation; that tho result of that investigation, viz., the existing ownership, should be recorded ; and that for the purpose of perpetuating and perfecting that record, there should be entered from time to time the legal result of every subsequent transaction.' These results were to be entered in a book called "The Record of Titles ;' and he added, " This record, when once made, would be substituted for all antecedent parchments, which might thereafter be eafely destroyed." It is to he understood that this Sill, like the Eeal Property Act of this colon/, is not com pulsory. - The advantage to the proprietor is, that in the event of his wishing to alienate his property, he gets rid and the purchasers get rid of ' the present complicated and expensive system of investigating titles to land," which His Lordship contended ' could not be obviated in any other way than by first of all ascertain ing ia what the title consisted, and then by finding a mode of keeping up the record of it when thus ascertained.' ' The object of the Bill was to provide an easy mode of proving a right to the ownership of an estate, and of transferring that ownership to a purchaser, a mortgagee, or any other person to whom it was desired to transfer it.' We apprehend there is a difference in the detail as compared with Mr. Torrens's Act ; for the Lord Chan cellor proceeded to say — 'The indefeasible title did not arise, and ought not to arise, until some step had been taken under the registry by virtue of which some person having a just and equitable title as pur chaser or mortgagee became possessed of the estate. It is probable that the circumstances attendant on the complications of titles during centuries of abstruse, ponderous, and volumi nous dealing with every transaction, prevent that simplification which has been accom plished in our own local Acts. Lord Kingsdown made some feeble show, not 6» much of opposition as objection, and counselled bis noble and learned friend (St. Leonards) not to divide the House, on the ground that 'great public expectation exiited chat some measure of the kind would be ; passed.' It is evident, then, that the public ; mind had at length bceu stirred to resist an ; enormity which, while it wa3 for ever meeting with the execrations of every man who was the purchaser of real propertyr had boldly set i a defiant front against all remedial measures, j and, strong in its own security and in the j inertness of those most interested, had fan- ! cied itBelf secure against- modern innovation. Lord Wodehouse, who had been a member of the Select Committee, strongly supported tho measure. ' He thought the Bill embraced a safe scheme, which ueed not alarm the most sensitive landed proprietor. The object of the legislation now proposed was to provide that an indefeasible title might bo attained, aud to provide also for tho continuance of the record of that title, and for the registration of encumbrances.' He remarked- on the advan tage which would be gained ' whenever a large estate was to be sold in small lots ; for the Court having been applied to in the first instaace for one sufficient declaration of title for thewhole estate, considerable expense would be avoided in the subsequent transactions of transferring the lots.' We think we may congratulata the old country on the prospect of getting rid of the pundits who have for sges in secluded chambers settled conveyances in their ovn antiqueandeon fused phraseology, often preventing any gleams of real intention being discovered within the folds of verbiage in which it wa3 enwrapped like the cereaents of an Egyptian mummy. No doubt many will be the throes felt by these venerable ' lovers of mystification at the invasion of their penetralia by 'scientific interpreters,' whose du'.y.will be to eliminate in lew words the text from the laborious and rabbinical comment. Such distress is an c: anguish to be wished for' by all who love light, and desire that ' he who runs may read.' The closing of ell these dark dens of legal lumber, and of the extinction of the race of^ over-learned scribes which 'dwelt in them, w''ll awaken no sympathy, excite no icgret, and the world will breathe more freely. The English Mail.— The LadyBinl with the English mails on board left Melbourne for Adel aide at 7.15 p.m. on Wednesday evening last, she may therefore be reasonably expected here :arly on Saturday morning. A UKATEFcr. Country's ICeward.— 'Begone brave army ; ilon't kick up a row,' was a form of dismissal extremely courteous compared with that which is adopted by the military force authorities of this colony, when accepting the resignation of volunteers who have faithfully performed their duties for the allotted period of tliree years. Let our readers imagine a citizen soldier of this class— ' Tired of war's alarms,' aud resolved, after three years' service, to return to the pursuits of peace. Inwardly he no doubt feels the consciousness of having done his duty, sacrificed time and money to the volunteer cause, and deserved well of his country. Dut when he notifies to the military powers above him that the time of resignation has arrived, he receives a document which informs him that he is 'struck off,' and which resembles a sharp reprimand, rather than a civil acknowledg ment of regular attendance and long service. AVe subjoin the contents of oue of those communica tions, omitting name and date. It is addressed from the Military Force Office to the volunteer who has had the hardihood to resign :— 'Sir— Having been struck off the strength of the volunteer force, by resignation at the expiration of three years' service, you are hereby directed to return into store without delay the anus and accoutrements which have been issued to you.'' We suppose this notice is in the military style of thanking people for their services. But it is cer tainly not a model either of courteousness or com position. It is hard to understand what is meant by being struck off the 'strength' of the volun teer force- especially to be struck off ' by resig nation.' lleally it requires a great deal of resigna tion to stand this— to be 'struck off' uncivilly and ungrammatically. Uut there is another ilocu ment yet. The foregoing is only a notice from the officials in the Military Force Office. Private .Blank when he receives that knows that he shall have to obtain a certificate of service from the officer cammandinK his company, and this he feels certain will be a record of his patriotism which he will feel proud to read and to hand down to his children. But, alas! he is mistaken. 'Struck off' is the only term in the volunteer vocabulary. He receives the certificate signed by the command ing officer, and it is hardly any better than the other. It states that 'PrivateBlankhavingserved in' the volunteer force the full term of three years, his name has, at his own request, been struck off the roll.' If this is the style in which regular and attentive volunteers are allowed to resign at the termination of their engagement, in what way are the irregular and inattentive ones kicked out? Lighthouse at Wallaroo.— The Assembly have agreed to the expenditure of £2,000 for the erection of .a lighthouse at Point Riley, or at some neighbouring place. It appears that the lantern which was ordered a jear or two since for Xepcan Bay. but not used, will lie placed in this light .house. u Township of Clinton.— It was urged on Thurs day in the Assembly that no delay should be allowed in the erection of the proposed jetty at Clinton, Yorke's Peninsula, because of the large sale of land at that place. It 'ill be seen by our report of the land sale that the average price per acre of town lots was £3A Ss. Sid., and of country lots £1 13s. 2d. There were 39 lots passed. 'Tasmania.— It is rather a novelty to receive news from the other colonies by way of Wallaroo. In another column we give a few items of intel ligence from Tasmania a week later than that previously to hand, which came by the Reindeer, whose arrival at Wallaroo we announcod in our shipping intelligence yesterday. The Late Death by Dkowxixg at JLvclauex Vale.-A communication received yesterday adds a few facts which transpired at the inquest, beyond uiuac uireuuj retunicu uy uur .iiuunuuga curre spondeut. The child, whose name was Sarah Sterne, aged five years, daughter of Robert Sterne, Maclaren Yale, appears to have been going from Maclaren Vale, in company with a little boy, not much older than herself, to a farm about a mile nearer Noarlunga. The boy succeeded in ciossing the part of the road which was flooded, leaving the deceased in the middle; and he being much frightened, ran away to his destination, and gave the alarm. In the meantime it seems the deceased was carried down the stream, no helping hand being near. The body was afterwards found caught in a bush about seven chains from the road. After a patient investigation, the Jury, as already stated, returned a verdict of 'Accidental death by drowning.' The Late Death by Drowsing at WILLIAMSTOWN. A correspondent supplies a few additional particulars of the sad death of George Adams by drowning in the South Para River at Williamstown. He says :— "The deceased, who was about 18 years of age, attempted to cross at the lower ford, about two miles from the township. He was rather heavy for his age, and the animal he rode was poor in condition and broken-kneed. The wife of a German settler on the bank saw him enter the water, and return and enter again, the horse having the first time refused. She then turned away, when she heard a cry, and looking to the river saw the horse coming out of the water, but without its rider. She immediately gave the alarm to Mr. G. W. Cole, who at once rode down the river, but could see no traces of the unfortunate young man, nor has he yet been found. All the neighbours have been out with long poles and ropes with hooks trying to recover the body, but without success. The deceased was single, but a father, mother, and brothers have to mourn their loss. The police at Gawler were informed as soon as possible, but the river rising again on Monday about six feet higher still precludes all chance of finding the body— at all events, for some days. I need hardly add that this melancholy event has thrown a gloom over the whole neighbourhood, as the deceased was well known to every one." Fatal-- Accident at the Murray.— A corre spondent, writing from Tun-killo, states that a child named Samuel Johns, aged about seven years, was accidentally drowned at Piggy Flat, Kiver Murray, on Saturday last, the itth inst. It seems that he was missed but a very short time, when his mother found his body floatiug near the bank, and recovered it, without assistance, at the imminent peril of her own life. The deceased was son of Messrs. Scott & Co.'s storekeeper, Mr. Samuel Johns, who is well known and respected in that locality. The Kbcent Floods.— A correspondent writing from Bridgewater says:— 'We have been visited by the floods. A very heavy hailstorm passed over the neighbourhood ou Sunday last, and inces sant rains followed. Cox's Creek rose to an alarming height, and carried all obstacles before it. Several of the settlers on the banks of the creek have suffered severely. I understand also that the garden and bridges at the country seat of His Honor the Chief Justice have been severely injured; also, that Mr. Dixon's crops and land have been damaged, and many others have felt the effects of the flood more or less. Great fears were entertained that the large dam erected by Messrs. Dunn & Son would burst, but I am thank ful to say it showed proof against the immense force brought against it. It was somewhat amusing to see the quantities of vegetables, post and rails, logs, and many other things being borne along by the stream; and it is acknowledged by many to be the largest flood for many years. Stranding op the Schooner Jet.— The sub stance of a telegraphic message will be found in our shipping intelligence, announcing the stranding of tine schooner Jet at Port MacDonnell on Thurs day afternoon, Victoria Theatre.— There was on Thursday ? evening a full and fashionable attendance at the Victoria Theatre. Mr. Chapman, for whose benefit the performances were, lias no reason to complain of the appreciation in which his talent as an actor is held by Adelaide playgoers. A piece got up hurriedly for a benefit is seldom so well performed as one produced in the ordinary routine ; and while we are bound to say that we have seen 'The Green Bushes*' to greater advantage, yet we cannot charge any individual perioruier with incapacity or neglect. Indeed, each actor seemed well up, and were the piece to be repeated we have no doubt it would go off with infinitely better effect than it did on Thursday evening. Mr. Chapman was im pressive as Connor O'Kennedy, and Messrs. Greville and Macgowan (who was hailed as an established favourite) were glorious in Grinnidge and Jack Gong. Mrs. Macgowan's Kelly has long been a favourite performance, and Mrs. Wooldridge and Miss Melville acquitted themselves admirably. Far beyond all, however, was the Miami of Miss Hose EUouin. It is really marvellous that one who so thoroughly enters into tne mvomy anu iun or a Duriesque can also effectively appeal to the finest sensibilities, and is equally potent to start a tear or provoke a smile. The drama was a great success, and several times during the evening the p-incipal per formers were honoured with special demon strations of approval. Between the pieces Mr. Chapman read 'Tarn O'Shanter,' aud did, no doubt, ample Jjustice to the Lowland idiom, but certainly failed to give effect to many of the beauties of this popular poem. The entertainment concluded with 'Medea,' of which we can scarcely venture to speak calmly, feeling something like annoyance at having so often to say that the new burlesque is hetter than all that went before. Here is a classic legend, the characters bearing never-to- be-forgotten names, arrayed in ancient costume, and moving about in scenes that revive early impressions of prehistoric periods, yet talking like Cockneys, and singing Irish melodies and Xigger ditties. The force of absurdity we are quite certain can no farther go. Greville's Medea a la Avouia Jones is, we have reason to know, not only intensely amusing, but it is extraordinary as an imitation of the lady who has gained in the colonies and in England celebrity for her powerful rendering of this terrible character. The i-erfor- mances this evening will consist of the very clever comedy 'Married Life,' and 'Medea.' The Far North.— We have gleaned a few items of interest from the Far North. From Oombara tana, near Mount Serle, a letter, dated August 5, says that the sheep were doing well, but that more rain was badly wanted, failing which there would be a scarcity of summer feed. Very severe frosts had prevailed, and ice a quarter of an inch thick was found. From information received, it appears pro bable that Mr. Dean had arrived at Manuwauk anmria with his lot of cattle for Lake Hope, and Mr. Bedford Hack was expected to lie there with the second lot about the 17th instant. The feed and water were still very scarce on the road; but so far the cattle had travelled well. The Salt Creek Affair.— Wilson, the witness in the Salt Creek tragedy, was brought to town on Thursday in the Strathalhyn mail by Corporal Roliinson, and was lodged in the Adelaide Police Station. . Supreme Court.— After a careful investigation in the Supreme Court ou Thursday, the aborigine Meengulta, alias Majnulte or Prinjri, belonging to one of the Lake Gainlner tribes, was found guilty of the wilful murder of William Walker, a hutkeeper in the employ of Mr. Love, shcepfarmer, of Mount Wedge, and was sentenced to undergo the extreme penalty of the law— death. William Macplierson was charged with arson ; but the evi dence brought against him was not sufficient, in the estimation of His Honor Mr. Justice Boothby, to authorize him in sending the case to the Jury He was therefore discharged. Adelaide Local Court. —Five cases were placed on the cause-list of the Adelaide Local Court for Thursday, August 14, two of which, however, did not come on, and the remainder were of no general interest. ~ Adelaide Police Court.— The only case brought before the Adelaide Police Court on Thursday last was one of drunkenness, which was disposed of in the usual manner. The Eifle Matches at AVillunga.— A notice in our advertising columns requests officers com manding companies to supply the Stall-Adjutant with the names of those who 'will require free tail way passes for the purpose of proceeding to and from the approaching rille matches at Willunga. Cadet Kifles.— 'We .understand that Sir. T. C. Just has resigned his commission as captain of the Cadet Rifles. Firing ik a Storm.— A correspondent writing from the neighbourhood of Lyndoch Valley, on August 13, says:— 'Our volunteers, notwithstand ing the rain, marched down to thepractice-gruuud, headed by their captain, and delivered their fire in the midst of a pelting rain driving in their faces, thus showing that they were not fair-weather volunteers only, but could stand all weathers. They made a very good score under the unfavour able circumstances.' Victoria Creek.— A correspondent says:— 'The continued rain ou Monday afternoon and night caused all the streams to rise higher than they have been known to do for many 3rears. and I regret to add that the new bridge over the Victoria Creek has been entirely - destroyed, and all the footbridges on the river aud creeks swept away.' AMoving Star.— A correspondent mentions a 'star that was visible due east on Saturday evening, August i», about 10 o'clock. It was ex ceedingly bright and large, and there were no others for some considerable distance around. It moved from north to south, and then perpen dicular, repeating these movements very fre quently.' Lunar Rainbow.— A l«autiful lunar rainbow was distinctly visible in the western heavens on Wednesday night, August 13, about 10 o'clock. It was of a slatish colour, and continued in sight for some time. Dry Creek Ploughing Matcil— The Dry Creek Annual Ploughing Match took place on Thursday, August 14, under very auspicious circumstances. The weather wa3 good, and the spot selected for the match favourable. There were 25 entries in all. A dinner took place in the evening in the BLrd-in-lIand public-house, at which Mr. Barnet presided. Between 40 and 50 persons were present, and the affair passed off with the conviviality which is the usual concomitant of such events. Kapunda Ploughing Match.— The Kapunda Annual Ploughing Match was held at Allen's Creek on Thursday last. The day was not alto gether favourable, but still the event passed off successfully, the soil being well adapted for the purpose. There were 12 competitors. The dinner came off at Moyle's Hotel, Kapunda, in the evening. New Cornwall Mine.— The following extract from the captain's report has been handed to us for publication :— ' The water in the engine-shaft has not increased beyond the power of the engine, and at the bottom of the shaft there is a lode of bearing stuff about two feet wide, containing virgin copper in small particles; but in consequence of the wet the ore has not been dressed to enable the percentage to be ascertained The quantity at grass from this shaft is about 200 tons. The cross cut from engine-shaft to Lucas's Lode, at the 20 fathom level, has been driven about 15 fathoms, the last two fathoms through orcy ground, and the end of the drive produces ore, samples of which can be seen. Mr. Rodda's works are considerably advanced, and he will receive ore from the Com pany on the 1st September. The different workings at the mine' are progressing favourably and pro fitably. The Daly Mine.— A letter from Mr. Alfred Frost, Manager for the Committee of the Northern Mineral Association, dated July 27, states that ten tons of ore have been raised from the main lode ; that a fine lode had also been struck on the top, aud four lodes opened on thejides of the hill, from which several tons of ore had been taken; that 25 tons of dressed ore were at grass, which Mr. Frost thinks will give 50 per cent., besides about 40 tons of ore not dressed. He thinks that at any time he could raise 50 tons of ore a week, but in conse quence of there being no drays he states that he was merely working on 'the branches, and that the surface ore was still left on hill. Yudasamutaxa MlXE.— Captain Terrell's re port, dated August 2, and received in Adelaide on Thursday, states that grey ore of good quality was still being raised from the Yudanamutana Mine; that at about 50 yards south of Gaedechen's Level a splendid lode of ore had been struck at a foot from the surface, covering the whole shaft; and that Fiveash's Shaft was turning out welL Mount Lofty Institute.— We have been sup plied with the following:— 'On Thursday evening, the 7th instant, Mr. Mudie delivered a lecture ' On Israel in Egypt and the Wilderness' at the Mount Lofty Institute, before an audience of more than 200 persons. This was the first of a series of lectures, to be delivered quarterly at the above Institute, which now numbers Si members.' Hindmarsh Institute.— The Rev. J. Gardner delivered a lecture on 'Earth's Buried Cities,' in connection with the Hindmarsh Institute, at the District Hall, Hindmarsh, on 'Wednesday evening last. There was a good attendance, aud the Rev. W. Wilson presided. The lecturer in elucidating this subject entered into a description of Nineveh, its form, size, and history, touching upon the many discoveries made amongst its ruins by Dr. Layard and Botta, the indefatigable exertions of those explorers, and the result of their exertions in adducing many facts proving the authenticity of the Bible. This portion of his lecture having occupied nearly two hours in delivery, he felt com | polled to give but a brief sketch of Babylon. He I accordingly glanced cursorily at its size, situation, founders, rise and fall, and the prophesies of which it was the subject. Votes of thanks were then accorded to the lecturer and the Chairman, and the meeting closed. The Railways.— The following is an abstract of the returns for the week ending August 9, 1802 : —Port line— Passengers, 3.S16; £179 2s. 3d. Goods, L906} tons; £$76 19s. Id.. Total Port line, £556 Is. 4d. North line- Passengers, L180; £268 Us. 5d. Goods, 915i tons ; £440 10s 10d. Total North line, #06118.30, General total,' fL2W 12s. 7d, 