A Pbovident Institute director, cock chafer-like, gyrating upon the keen forensic needle thrust through him by Mr Michie, is a painful, yet not uninstructive sight. Every attempt to wriggle from the direct ness of that unflinching and relentless point. but tears the wound wider, and more fully reveals the rottenness within. It is a truly humiliating spectacle. In the management of the affairs of the mockingly-entitled Pro vident Institute, there is evidenced, from tho confessions of the managers themselves, aot only the grossest ignorance of the common principles and usages of commerce, but, worse still, an utter abnegation of moral principle. The most bare-faced acts of spoliation upon the funds of the depositors by those whose duty it was to honestly and uprightly con serve their interests, are acknowledged, with, seeming unconsciousness of the enormity of the offence. Up to the last moment, whilst there was a drop of blood to be extracted from the moribund carcass, the leeches clung to it with unyielding tenacity. They were still ungorged when its miserable ghost of existence forsook it. It may be true that their dishonest practices have but little bene fitted the spoiler, and that they are nowfound to be as hollow and false in their pretensions as the balance-sheets with which they con sistently and periodically hoodwinked the depositors and a few innocent shareholders. Still this is no palliation of tlieir misdeeds. The fact becomes more and more apparent that the so-called board were but wolves in sheep's clothing — dealing with other people's money with utter recklessness of conse quences, and frequently entering into large operations ior me buku 01 me mere per sonal benefit as speculators, brokers, solicitors, or borrowers, which would accrue to themselves individually. If the thing , done were too violently hostile to the spirit of the institution, and if these by no means tender-epidermised gentlemen could not strain their elastic consciences to shoulder the loss on to the Institute, alias the depositors, it was debited to the account of the managing director, or some other equally responsible official. Their delicacy in thus apparently taking upon themselves the bad speculations of the Institute would be really touching, if debiting a loss to a director meant that the Institute would be substan tially reimbursed by that bookkeeping fig ment. The directors evidently considered that as lending was the business of the Institute, their duty was to offer a good example, and borrow as much as they could. And this course they industriously followed up. Borrow they did upon every occasion — upon every kind of security, or no security at all, which they could in any way compass. The debiting their accounts with any amount of money was a matter they cared nothing about, so that a little ready caBk — a brokerage on butter — a mining swindle — or a bill of costs, could be hung on as a corollary to the operation ; although, as would appear from the examinations in the Insolvent Court, the board was afflicted with a sort of moral ophthalmia when the corporate interests of the depositors were involved. This individual keenness of vision, where any rotten speculation could be foisted on the unfortunate Institute, would afford an interesting subject for pathological enquiry. Let but the most remote chance of a hazar dous adventure loom distantly upon the com mercial horizon, and the Board could at once see, with the clearest perspicuity, that it was their bounden duty to go into it. When we find the Board graciously debiting them selves with losses on. unfortunate speculations, are we to suppose that they denied them selves the profit upen those that eventuated differently ? Surely some of the random, shafts centered in the gold. In the variety of their attempts to make money beyond the limits of their deed of partnership, there must have been some redeeming investments. Commencing with eight or nine subscrip tions, of £50 each, four of which Mr Foxton states were returned to the contributors, the Provident Institute boldly accepted deposits of hundreds of thousands of pounds, and dealt with money as though they pos sessed the lamp of Aladdin. This £50 contribution represented on paper one thou sand £1 snares. The public journals, at a subsequent period, called attention to the insecurity of the Institute, and a show of raising capital by an issue of shares to the public was made by the directors, and even this these astute gentlemen turned to their personal benefit. Mr Foxton thus describes the operation: — 'I and the other directors ' took up shares. I gave a cheque for £250 ' for my deposit on 1000 shares. An amount ' of £355 5s Id is carried to my credit just ' about the same time. That amount repre ' sents my share of the profits on the 8500 ' shares allowed to the original proprietors ' for the good-will of the institute. Mr ' Michie : Then you xeceive £355, and ' give a cheque for £250. In point of fact 'you receive £100?' Further on, Mr Foxton states that tbe total amount of profit on the 8500 directors' shares was £3019 13s 4d. The first balance sheet shows £400 loss. The depositors, however, are paid interest at rate of 9 per cent, out of their own money. Mr. Foxton endeavors to escape from this admission. Mr Michie presses him home. ' You hand back to the depositors,' says the learned counsel, ' they being in the dark as ' to the fact — a portion of their capital as 'interest. Do you say that was right?' Mr Foxton tries to mystify the matter, but at last is compelled to admit ' that there was ' no money out of which interest could have ' been paid but the depositors' money, if the ' £450 capital was gone.' Again — ' Every ' thing was done to keep the Institute ' going.' Again — ' We considered it corn ' pulsory upon us to pay the depositors' ' interest, even if it came out of capital.' With regard to tne perversion or tne deposits from their legitimate use — lending upon good mortgage securities — to mining specu lations, Mr Foxton professes ignorance. He says, ' There is nothing in the deed of 'settlement authorising the depositors' ' money to be ventured in mining specula ' tions. This has not been done with the ' knowledge of the Board, though I believe ' some £28,000 has been so invested.' The Chairman of the Board, who admits that he signed all the cheques, thus deliberately acknowledges the expenditure of a sum far beyond the whole sham capital in some manner that he knows nothing about! Assuming Mr Foxton' s plea of ignorance to be true, was there ever known a grosser dereliction of duty on the part of a gentleman holding the office of chairman of a board of directors ? Leaving legal responsibility out of the question, nus lur. r u-v.luii auy uuuucjj tion of the meaning of moral obligation ? The only plea he can offer is, that he lives a long way from town, that he could only devote about twenty minutes or half an hour a week to the Institute, and that he signed the heap of cheques placed before him by Mr. Porteii ' right away.' There are some things, however, which Mr. Foxton does recollect. By way of propping up the tottering ruin, it became necessary to buy up the shares rather than have them de cline to nothing in the open market. A share capital had been raised to secure the depositors, as it was innocently believed. Those who conceive that the end had been accomplished, little knew the men they had to deal with. The directors evaded the in tention of the share issue, by buying up the shares with the depositors' money. Mr. Foxton says, that of the 16,500 £1 shares with 10s paid upon each, only 13,790 were originally issued. At a subsequent part of his examination he says : — ' I am aware that ' within the last few months some of the ' shares of the Institute were repurchased. ?' I see by the books that more than 1 1,000 ' shares were repurchased at a cost of ' £12,537. The shares could not have been ?' bought back with anything but the depo ' sitors' money if the proprietary capital ' was exhausted.'' There thus remained in the hands of shareholders 2790 shares, re presenting £1395. Even this fragment of share capital was fictitious, for the premium upon the shares repurchased amounted to £1537. The building, costing £9000, was built out of the depositors' money — in fact everything was paid out of that convenient irasource. Another admission of Mr Foxton's placed in juxtaposition with the present revelations should awaken the directors of all public institutions to the peril of neglecting to ful fil the duties of their position. Mr Foxton says : — ' I never looked into any of the ' books of the Institute until eight or nine ' days before the stoppage.' Now, al though this reads rather shockingly by the light of subsequent disclosures, we will ven ? ture to say, that in this respect Mr Foxton is no more negligent than ninetenth? of the directors who accept office at the boards of public companies. We should be sorry, however, to carry the comparison further. Upon the very last day of the 20s in the pound-existence of the Institute, Mr H. P. Sawell, an ex-director, received £400 from the Institute for commission on butter, rice, &c;, half of the amount going to reimburse another director for a loan to the said Sawell. It is needless to expatiate upon such proceedings. The fiercest invective could not arouse more honest indignation than a perusal of the last examination in the Insolvent Court. Endeavour as the direc tors may to put oS their turpitude each to the shoulders of the other, until their result is a sort of round-robin of irresponsibility, they cannot escape the indignant reprobation which their practices have justly drawn upon them. They preyed upon the Institution while it lasted, and their only anxiety now is to escape the legal consequences. How far they will succeed in this, remains to be seen. No future edition of facts, frauds and failures will be complete without a full history of the rise, progress, and fall of the Provident Institute of Victoria. The Commissioners of National Education have furnished the ninth and last report of the proceedings, together with statistical in formation of the establishment for the years 18G1-2. The document is therefore rather ' a memento mori' of the state of education under the past guidance of the Board, than appertaining to the existing educational system. Still, as a review of their labors, and the success that marked the progressive development of the department, we cannot see the functions of the Board superseded without acknowledging the elaborate labors with which the members upheld their super intendence ; more particularly as their exertions were persisted in under conditions of no ordinary difficulties. The services of the Board are to a certain extent satisfactorily exhibited in their ac count of their ministration ; but, inasmuch as the period of the final cession from4heir duties had arrived, we think the public have a claim on their position for more detailed enunciation of the special requirements of their stewardship. In the experience of the Board in the working of the system of national education entrusted to their charge, we must suppose they had daily many valuable illustrations of its suitability or otherwise to the circumstances of the people. As it is, however, the present report follows the stereotyped formula of getting up this class of official statement. We have cer tain standing headings under which are set out a compendious array of figures, but uu enlivened by any practical remarks in eluci dation of the bearing of the question of education. The various schools under the supervision of the Commissioners comprised the Model Sohools, 52 town and suburban schools, 78 country, and 53 gold-fields schools. Of theso 105 were vested, and 81 non-vested, held in 171 separate buildings, but together made up 186 schools, which shows an in-' crease since 1858 of 46 schools, vested and non-vested. It appears that the proportion of mixed schools was 86 per cent, against 84 per cent, in 1860, 81 per cent, in 1859, and 73 per cent, in 1858. The number of children on the rolls shows that the males were largely in excess, as 7258 were boys, ; 5889 girls, and 5 infants, and their ages range from three years of age to fifteen and j above ; 52 per cent, were under 8 years of age. As shewing the work done by the schools in [ operation, the report states that on an aver age each has been kept open 277 days, or, | computing 5 school days to the week, 45 weeks, and the average attendance of each child was 31 weeks. The table showing the number of children of the different denomi nations is undoubtedly a most important feature. Tt strikingly shows how eagerly the blessings of education are sought, and that the advantages are valued above any narrow-minded sectarian prejudices. Taking the two most prominent denominations, we see that the proportion per cent, of children described as belonging to the Church of England was 42, and of Roman Catholics 14 ; but the proportion per cent, of population, according to the census, was no less than 23 Ro man Catholics against 43 Church of Eng land, the Presbyterians being 17, the Wes leyans 8, the Independents 3, and other de nominations, 6 per cent, of population. One thousand and fifty-eight children, or about 7-J- per cent, were returned as destitute — the parents and guardians being unable to pay for them. The cost upon the average attend ance is stated to be £3 I63 3d per head, of which the Board paid £2 9s Id, and the parents £1 7s 2d. For 1860 the cost was J} A 1 £»o Qr\ 'WTrx naiinirn -\irf% rtvn -**wwl-4- ?!« stating that under the denominational sys tem the average attendance cost the Govern ment £2 4s Id, and that the parents added £1 13s 5d— together, £3 17s 6d. We apprehend, therefore, that we may take it for granted that the further arrangements of either of the Boards would not have made much reduction in this amount. Indeed the respective claims of the different systems had ceased to be a question of mere econo my, and depended on the estimation in which they were held by their partizans for useful ness — but this aspect of the subject is no longer of public interest. The teachers of the service are represen ted as 389 ; and they consisted of members of the several principal denominations — there being 41 Roman Catholic teachers employed under the Board in the work of National Education. This is at least conclusive evi dence that theoretical objections to an uni form plan of education cease to exercise any paramount influence as against the as certained and appreciated experience of its practical character. It is not because the child is properly trained that his religious impressions must be weakened. It is rather because the parents themselves failed in their own higher duties of enforcing vital truths by precept and example. In support of this view of united schools, we quite agree with the valuable testimony of the Earl of Carlisle, who stated, after a dozen years' connection with the system of National Education, ' That in ' all the training establishments under the ' Board there had not been a single in ' stance in which any pupil had re ' linquished the religious faith in which he ' was brought up.' The ' amount paid' in salaries and allowances to teachers, exclusive of the Model Schools, was £21,660 8s lid, and in school fees bv parents of children. £12,009 16s lOd. The vote in aid of National Education in 1861 was £38,500, appropriated as follows: — Expenses of the Board, £37,500 ; repairs of buildings, £1000 — of course, subject to certain conditions. The balance-sheet for 1861 shows that the disbursement during the year was £37,426 9s 9d. It is not, how ever, of any advantage to follow into the details of the report in this outlay. The classification of teachers, as adopted, is also of no present interest, except that we are informed ' when the Common Schools ' Act' passed ' we thought it only right to ' give teachers an opportunity of being ex amined and classified '; 104 came up, ac cordingly, for examination — 54 males and 46 females ; 25 were applicants for promotion, and 79 were unclassified teachers. Of the former, 1 1 were successful ; of the latter, 27 succeeded ; — thus, the number of failures were no less than 64 per cent. The ' local patrons' of schools amounted to 1147, of which 161 were Roman Catholics. In log ing, therefore, the ' National Board,' we cease our connection with a valuable insti tution. In making the change that we have done, the object was not the substitution of a mere new-fashioned scheme. The ' com ' missioners' say ' that a settlement of the ' educational question has at last been ar ' rived at' — ' whatever faults there may ' be in the Act.' This is tho point, we must confess, on which the reti cence of the report is hardly satisfactory. Why had we not a candid and lucid re view of the objections entertained by the Board to the now measure on its administra tion ? For ourselves, we congratulate tbtf country that Mr IIeales' Act has displaced the rival system — ' whatever its faults ' — from the temporary accident of dropping in ungenial soil. Under its provisions we shall get a better system of education imparted to a larger number of children, and that at least for the sum of money hitherto expended. It is not just now our intention to discuss the new system, but it is, notwithstanding, our duty to see that it be brought faithfully into operation. Knowledge is the birth right of every child in the nineteenth cen tury. His education should train him not for a servile class perpetuating ignorance and brutality, but fashion him so as to fit him to make the most of the resources and advantages of his generation. We part wifh the ' Commissioners of ' National ' Education,' cheerfully bearing testi mony ' that their efforts in jthe cause of ' United Education' — in their own words — ' have not been unproductive of good re ' suits.' National Museum. — The number of visitors to the museums of nutural history, geology, and economic geology, applied to mining, agriculture, and the arts, during the week ending the 20th December, was 777. The museums are open to the public daily, Sunday exeepted, from 10 a.m. till 6 p.m., in the north side of the University. Gaol Retubns. — The following was the state of her Majesty's Central Gaol of Melbourne, on Friday last : —Prisoners for trial before the Su preme Court. 16 ; before magistrates, 9 j under sentence, road gang, 8 £hard labor, 126 ; detained imprisonment, 38 ; lunatics, 1, in default of bail, 12 ; debtors, 18 ; for contempt of court, 1. Total, 224 males, 4 females. Received during the weak, 74\. Discharged, 81. 