A TALE OF A TRAVELLER. THE PUBLIC EXECUTION. Some three years ago I was itinerating through Upper Germany, like the renowned Dr. Syntax, in search of the picturesque. From the top of the lumbering eil-wagen, on which I was perched, could be seen dimly afar, in the centre of a vast plain, one of those huge dusty gray church towers which are scattered about that country, I like giant pepper-castors. My sole companion was an Englishman whose chief peculiarities were that he wore his head very much on one side, and had a remarkably hoarse voice. There must be a fine prospect from that tower," I suggested. " Well there is—I have reason to recollect it—nearly lost my head there once." " Ah—got dizzy, looking down—some people do—Shakspere felt it, you know, at Dover cliffs." " My dear Sir—my head was perilled literally, and not in the figurative and partial sense. Be good enough to remark my neck." (Here he turned down his shirt collar, and still further inclined his head, with a grave abstracted air, more suggestive of Borne painful recollection, than of any present suffering.) To my wonder I became sensible of a deep, ragged, cicatrized wound on the right side of the gentleman's neck. " What do you think of it," said my fellow- traveller, a stern truth-exacting, cross-examining sort of way. " Well—you desire sincerity, I perceive. I should say that you had bsen hanged, cut down, recovered with difficulty, and still endure some inconvenience from the— accident was it ?" " Ah—that's where I feel it—people think I've murdered somebody, and got my model in a wax work. No—1 was never hanged— only half- beheaded." You surprise me. Was it a public execution ?" " Rather public. It was in the Dom Platz at SchlosBberg, yonder, on a market day." Dear me! Time of the Revolution, I suppose?" " Well—it certainly was at a revolution. Let me light my pipe, and I will tell you the story." In a voice rendered by the smoking obstruction more sepulchrally hoarse and cavernous than ever, and with an intermission of short floppy puffs, my companion continued. " Ten years ago I was sojourning at Schlossberg. The tower of the old Minster is one of the loftiest in North Germany. Up in its dingy heights is an enormous clock face, about as big as the paddle wheel of the Great Eastern. One, and only one brawny hand has the Doin clock. Three centuries ago Hans Schweiper, a cunning armourer of Schlossberg, wrought that single hand in beaten bronze,' and took his pay out in masses, like a proper minded christian. When Schweiper was very ill, the hand of the clock trembled with emotion, so it is said, and, what was a remarkable coincidence, a mighty tempest swept over Schlossberg at the same moment. The good armourer, though he had graduated in piety, was not above taking a lesson from the elements, and, after this remarkable circumstance, was stirred by a burst of devotional feeling to leave all his money to be laid out in prayers and tallow candles. And then he died; and all the little Schweipers subsisted thereafter on benedictions and black bread. There was a lovely prospect from the Minster tower. Looking down upon the fruitful plains, with the rich green carpeting of corn crops and mangel wurzel, and the white roads softly fringed with bending poplars; and the blue smoke of distant villages, and the busy town below, was a sight that I once never wearied of. At present it is photographed upon my memory with a distinctness that I would desire to be less permanent. Old Dummerhaupt, the clock winder, dwelt, as is the frequent custom, high up in the tower, lived on sausages and sour kraut, and always kept a spare pipe for a visitor. Many an hour have I sat with the old functionary smoking through four feet of cherry wood, listening to hie lazy dogmatisms and drinking doppelbier. One forenoon I sat alone in the tower. Dummerhaupt had descended to procure some provender in the platz ; for it was a market day. Daily, at noon, the great clock chimed forth a grand old monkish chant. Clanged and hammered bravely from some three score bells, the joyous harmonies were wafted on the breeze, 'till their music died iu the distance. I had been interested in marking the mighty clash of sounds, the storm of tones, from the midst of the giant machinery, and had purosed waiting for this particular end. Iu the clock-front, a little above the hand pinion, was a small circular trap door, about the size of a pudding plate, through which Dummerhaupt was wont to convey a supply of oil to the bearings. To this door access was to be obtained with a difficulty that was just sufficient to provoke the attempt. I had to clirrib up by the bars that erved to stay the fixedness and equanimity of the great horological ountenance. For ten minutes had I gazed in dreamy rapture on the busy scene elow, with my neck reposing on the lower bend of the port hole. I Suddenly I became sensible-of-a fqsiiet ^pressure, as though a hand had been softly laid uponmejust below the right bump of destructive- | ness. 1 It wasalrand—-the inexorable'hand of time. T made a 'start—a j frantic jerk,and wriggle with my prisoned head. Swift as the light- i ning gleam, which-reveals to the Soomefi mariner fhe flinty rock life ; drives on, my fate Bashed upon lie. I was doomed to die by a dead j man\s hand, "by the hand of the saintly "Schweiper. In tea minutes ! •my head would be oft', and .go bounding down from "buttfess and pin- j made .right into the market place. What a rush and "tumuli pi j thoughts, and liow rapidly they slioolc themselves together a^id settled down! jffow 'instantaneous Is tlie worlc of reflection under coJidftlonf. j of high .pressure, and intense necessity ! The faculty of calculation j I possess in abundance. I had about seven minutes to live. Four | of these ^precious intervals would-be .passed in horrible anxiety, -an'd j tlie remaining tlijret: in accelerating torture, In a few minu'tes more | my head would he dangling from its integuments ; and before tlie 1 expiration of a quarter-of-an-hour would probably gambol horribly j among the heaps of pumpkins, or-go smashing into a basket of eggs. ; L iiad room to turn my eyes upwards, and could see the end of the j huge clock hand moving on "by little jerks. It was a sort of iris- | shaped termination, like an emaciated ace of clubs. With prefer- j natural calmness I carried my 4'iew to the circumferent line at the I outside of the clock face. The space between the giant figures was 1 about, nine feet. The portion of-the hand shaft, by which I was to be decapitated, revolved at a distauce ot some five feet from the centre. In about twenty seconds I worked out .prodigies of computation in mental aritlimetic, and satisfied myself to a -nicety as to the exact period at which the bronze hand o'f tlie illustrious Schweiper would describe the arc of the circle by which my life was to be measured. Would the resistance of my neck retard the hand's advance ? I knew that the hands of a house clock retained their position by the simple presence of the perforated end upon a revolving disc. How "Was it about these big town clocks ? In twenty seconds I reviewed tlie miscellaneous reading of twenty years, lout I came upon nothing at all to-the-point. Life is sweet. It was very hard to IraVe iny neck wrung by the hand of an old -acquaintance, and for tlie melancholy story to be printed and sold in a kreutzer .pamphlet, with a coarse wood engraving-of the unhappy victim. •With a motion gradually-certain, and u nrel en 1 i n gl y progressive, the hand of the destroyer pressed upon my neck tie. I could hear the solemn stately swing of the mighty pendulum, amid a stillness broken only by the drowsy murmur of the market people. Here I was. .dying in the.,s'ight of all Schlossberg. Oh 1 Dummerhaupt—why did you go for tlie beer and schwartzbrod ? The pressure very soon became trying, and! feVt my organs of vision expanding unusually, while their proper function lost its power. Then fright and sense grew foggy and feeble, my eyes opened still more and saw still less, and a rushing sound as of a tropical tempest was about me. A strong wind had sprung up, and the broad flcvr-de-lis of the clock had quivered in the breeze. The quick vibration -extending down the shaft caused my neck handkerchief and skin to be chafed through by the rough edge of the metal arm. This blbodlettifig it was that saved me. I was not to die mechanically choked, or of artificial apoplexy. But I recollected nothing more till I found my self in Dummerliaupt's bed, short of blood a quart or so., and with a horrible sore throat. The old fellow had just returned in time—clambered iftto the clock works, jammed a brown loaf into the escapement, stopped the machinery, and saved my life. That day all tlie meat dinners in Schlossberg were roasted to rags, and all the potatoes boiled to pulp. There came ho noon-tide music from the Minster tower ; but still the Schlossbergers would have rather believed the sun to have gone wrong than the big bronze hand of'Schweiper. All the Nuremberg clocks in the towil that strike the hours and quarters, and chirp like blackbirds, and keep time within half an hour a -day, and cost two . shillings each—all these missed their accustomed mid-day regulation by the tall monitor of the Dom Hirche. We_ live and learn. One picks up a very useful variety of assorted experiences in travelling about; but among all my stores of miscellaneous knowledge, tlie item with which I am most deeply impressed is the lesson in horology taught aie in the tower of Schlossberg Minster. ' The story and the pipe were finished about the same tinie, My companion parted from me at the next stage, and as he walked away, turned.to make a cordial bow, an effort which seemed to cost him anxiety, if not pain, as he carried his bead afterwards for some distance between his extended finger tips as though it werfe a globe lamp shade. A few days before Christmas last I again met my ©M fellow traveller. He wasselling German toys in the Eastern Market. His voice was a trifle huskier, and his head & shade more on one side. His task was a short and «ad one. A German police spy had heard hitn talking of rteVtdution, and had taken him before the Poleize nieltt^ "*s a political agitator. In tli« official report ,fee had been ; desfefibfed as a little wrong in the headland so was referred to another; cofttt,^Who passed him on to the third tribunal. In'three iWoni lis i his cafefe was adjudicated npon, aftd as he appeared to lb an insane ; revolutfaMiftt, his property was confiscated. At the intercession of • the British Ambassador he escaped further punishment, but was aft'vjsei to quit, the Country immediately. ! "It seems a strange story," said my hoarse friend. ] " Well Id are shy it would sound odd,, to people who have not lived ! ifl fetich countries*" I replied. I bought of him a tobacco cutter, and j rfladek feint of putting a doll's hi^d aoder the knife, but he gave j soch ia galvanic twitch that. I apologise^fbr my thoughtlessness. i tf suly of m.y readers should meet a pale, sad featured man, looking I like a decayed violin player, withhis chin inclined to his left collar I banb, as though it contrtiWii<^ tfith the ghost of a departed Addle,— i if such a person should be seen about Melbourne, he inay be Safely I regarded as tlie unfortunate individflal who suffered capital punish- ! ment in the Minster toWei- Schlossberg. I 