EXTREMES. THERE are two opposite states of society, one in which, population is stagnant aud the other in which it is never at rest. Looking to the old world, and especially to the old times, we have presented to us examples of the first. Generation after generation lived and died within the narrow boundaries of the village. The same ideas and habits prevailed from age to age. Traditions of ghosts, witches, fairies, charms, and such like, were transmitted from sire to son. The intrusion of any novelty was carefully resisted. The light of science and new systems of industry were regarded either with superstitious horror or ignorant contempt. There were, indeed, some advantages, in this state of existence. The restlessness of the heart was less excited by indefinite hopes. The various ranks of society walked side by side without jostling each other. Sometimes indeed a tyrannical squire or an exacting priest disturbed the quiet of his neighborhood and awakened resistance, "some village Hampden " excited the admiration of his neighbors by a stout assertion of human rights, but soon all sank into the oblivion of that narrow inclosnre, where " the rude forefathers of the hamlet sleep." Now and then some adventurous member of this stagnant village society would cross the borders and mingle with the outer world. He would return in a few years to amuse them with the story of his travels or to excite tlieir.epvy by his wealth, or their contempt by his changed habits aud altered mien. Generally a dull calm settled over the people. The names of families were perpetuated while the individuals who bore them in succession passed away. What an entirely different aspect is presented to us here. Those who meet generally have no com mom recollections and few original sympathies. The necessities of their condition produce a certain amount of civility, and lead to a certain amount of co-operation. They are happy to meet, joyful to part, forgetting each other instantly in new associations, and retaining no more impression of-the successive scenes than as left by dreams. The movements of the mass have a temporary concert and prevailing direction, but individuals have no close ties. They rush from place to place as inclination or imagination prompts them. Even in cultivating the soil the marketable value is more considered than the amount of enjoyment to be derived from the possession. Of course, there is a constant tendency to correct this, state of things. Though multitudes move upon the surface of the soil there are interests which strike deep and settle, but frequent change is nevertheless inevitable where a vacant field offers an unlimited choice and renews the allurements to change on every side. No sooner has a new gold-field been discovered through the laudable, exertions of some isolated persevering prospectors, as in the case of Hartley and Reilly, at the Clutha, when a regular scramble sets into the new locality. En,dless confusion'is the result of these migratory fits of excitement. The ties, however El#ndev, wliich hold, society together seem to be severed, for a time, and in the midst of the struggle many of the evils of . a complete social revolution. are i' perceptible. At length die troubled .waters settle, but at what sacrifice has this settling down of a .mining district'generally been effected. Seldom one man oat of . ten lias Tnet jrich any success at the new field. ~ Others have been: just fortunate enough . to -cover, expenses, .and. the great , bulk generally are more impoverished than they were. before. Th^ following are generally the ordinary results in the-cvent-of a new rush. No 6ooner lias «the-news been received,.when among a large portion of our mtuers an anxious suspense takes place which causes them to see €or information' about the new locality. By.way of illostratiog, we give the:.probable effects of a rush which occurred some years Gince to Monnt —based on such assnmed data, asunder general circumstances will not prove to be exaggerated." The average number of miners, which congregated at Mount might be estimated at 40,000. Supposing that these 40,000 mipers were before the rush engaged steadily, producing gold on an average of 8s. per day, we find that The daily wages of all these men amounted to £16,000. From the moment when these miners fell ipto a state of suspense regarding the new locality,and prepared for the start, they ceased to be producers, whilst they remained consumers. Supposing, further, that thus on an average, six days, or one week were lost, by this number of men in suspense in making preparations, we arrive at the sum of £96,000, falling off in gold produce within these six days. Assuming a further loss of two weeks in travelling and settling down, we find that another amount of the gold pro-' duce, equal to twelve days wages at 8s., or £192,000 was thus lost. We say nothing about the losses, incurred by hasty sacrifices of property, by travelling and living.'expenses, we restrict our estimate to the actual amount of loss in the gold produce. Supposing, now, that only one fourth of the above number, that is, 10,000 miners, were totally unsuccessful (a very low per centage) not even defraying their living expenses, and that they persevered, say at an average of seven weeks, until either their means were exhausted, or they made up their minds to leave the place, which made £168,000, additional reduction of the gold produce. We suppose next, that one half of the 40,000, say 20,000 miners, have been just lucky enough at the new rush, to defray their expenses, say at six shillings per diem per man during seven weeks, equal to £6000 per diem for £20,000 jnen, and in seven weeks to £252,000, which must be added to the gold produce. The amount pcr diem per man is 2s. less than he would have produced, bad he not gone to the rnsb, or, in seven weeks for 20,000 men to £84,000> we now assume that the 10,000 miners "remaining at the rush, have all been fortunate and make the district their permanent abode. On examination we find that the average amount of gold sent down from Mount -never exceeded. {9.000 ounces per week, or the three months of our reckoning, something like, including the export duty, in round numbers, £500,"000. If we deduct from the latter sum, the £252,000, tbe amount of produce gained by the 20,000 miners who just defrayed their expenses during the seven weeks, we find a balance left amounting to £248,000. divided amongst the 10,000 successful miners at the rush equal to £24 16s., or, at the rate of about 6s. 6d. per day per man, leaving thus a balance of loss in each man's wages, "equal to Is. 6d. per day or £6 5s. 6d. in three months, or £61,750. Thus we find, if our calculations are correct, and they are based on facts, that these makes almost slways end, in what may be terpied "results" when compared with settledminr ing operations. So far as individual happiness is concerned the dull fixity of the European hamlet is no more desirable than the heaving to and fro of a rushing community. The felicity of man is not diminished by the necessity for constant labor, nor is his cbaipoter deteriorated by the occasional vicissitudes incidental to human life; but a state of perpetual restlessness and uncertainty promotes neither his enjoyment nor bis virtue. jBy ,, , - -. . ,. . . . - continually chapping is directjm halfii«.-lat bor is thrown away. That which requires a long time ..to accumulate, needs but a few hours to disperse, excitement and perpetual change are dearly bought at the sacrifice of the blessings of,home. . .. Unfortunately, Australian colonization3ias not encouraged the developement of- soqiallifc in its social forms, so much , as it might have done under different auspicices/ Bnt it is impossible to change the habits lif-the multitude. We must be content with dow 'and partial ameliorations. \ We re- iterate our hopes that all whoiiaVe the slightest idea of joining the rush at the Clutha, to well consider the pros and cons of the matter, before finally sacrificing their homes or their employments. We see that the Municipal Council ot Caatle^ rnqjiie have decided to apply to the Maldon. Council for payment for the use of the Castlemaine engine at the fire It Mr. Crossley's. It will be in the remembrance of our jreaders that the engine sent for, that the brigade promptly turned out, and arrived wiJA.,, their engine at Jluckleford, where they received- instructions that the fire was oi^t any} thjeir services not required. While fully agreeing that the brigade should, be paid foe their services, we submit that as tbe "telegram calling fbr the services of the brigade was dispatched by the agents of the Fire Insurance Companies, tile Maldon Council vallubt be justified in complying with "the demands of Castlemaine. '' • A meeting of the Township Cricketers took place on Wednesday evening, at. the Uoyal Hotel, when ten new members were elected.and. some important business transacted. -The Club in conjunction with the Eagle HawkCliib," have acceptcd the offer from the owners of the ground selected : the agreement is to be in force for two years, and will be held by the United District Association. Tiie appointment of office bearers for the ensuing twelve months, made at a former meeting, was confirmed. A meeting of the two clubs is to ba held to-nigbt to consideron the advisability of calling for tenders, for grabbing and dealing the land. The Town Glerk has-received a subscription' book from t^ie hon. sec. of the Melbourne Com- • mittee of thie Pdnce Consort National Memorial Fond, and wiH be happy to redeive -the donations of those wishing to. take part in the movement * •. " Tie Government land sale of Tuesday was a success, $o far es the number allotments Bold. The township and Peg Leg allotments 1 were nearly all disposed. o£ but this was not the case with the Sandy Creek allotments, of which only four or five .found purchasers. • •. . The Chinese disregard of jim oath was again exemplified'afc-the police Court «n/Tuesday, when'twd -isblestials' swore thait thfe ^defendant Wearn bad etrnck one. of them with.-a heavy pic^^and inflicted, a pound, blood\gushed '^denlifiilly.The .pirk waii jtml duced ; had Wearn etmck ^be ;Clunese ^ritii it on the head he.xnust have brained Wefgllo|r.i£ his bead were l 'Bat as^thL^ ^and ^trong ^s^n a annL Dr. Hardy deposed that thje wound "on tiie head was A ample abrSaon, and could not have , bled at alL ' The Bench exetmistHbe power given qnder the new Jnstices' Act, and - sent the Chinese, evidently much to their disgust and astonishment, to the logs for twenty- .' four hours. • . On -Wednesday a recent importation from England, Mr. iHaddocks, undertook to. ride: the spirited horse of a bank manager to and' from Castlemaine ; probably the vast difference! between the bush road of Australia and the good old turnpikes of England puzzled our horseman, at all events, we regret to say that he was thrown violently, when near the Orrville Hote], and had to be removed to that hostelry, where he now lies suffering, we are informed, from a dislocated shoulder. The horse was secured by Mr. R. Friedlieb, who fortunately arrived at the scene in time. A somewhat curious charge of embezzlement was on Tuesday preferred against Albert Eichardt, who for some years has been known as a Maldon storekeeper. Eichardt was in the habit of purchasing gold for Honneus, tbe gold smelter, the latter advancing the money and the farmer agreeing to settle every Monday. A document was produced signed by Eichardt; it was a simple acceptance for £88, but with the additional words "for buying gold." These words were relied npon by Mr. Paynter, who was for the prosecution, as substantiating the charge made. Eichardt says the words have been added since, and on examination the writing of these words is seen to be different to the other matter. This is explained by Honneus stating that he might have taken a fresh pen. The Bench thought a prima fade case had been made out, and so committed Eichardt for triaL We direct attention in another colnmn to extracts from the leading article in last Wednesday's Age. It endorses our article of Tuesday, headed a " Melbourne Bubble," and some of the comparisons used are identical with our •own. We perceive that, in addition to the Coir lingwood and Stndley Park mining companies, a new one called the St. Hilda Mining Company has been mooted. Whether the operations of the latter are to be conducted on the .beach of that watering place, or more inland, is not stated ; but, at all events, it is to be hoped they will be successful Some desperate attempts are also being made to induce a rush in the neighborhood of Geelong, as quartz specimens, and samples of real "nuggetty" gold, though in small quantities are continually being turned up in a variety of mysterious ways. There are symptoms of improvement in the public tone, when the inhabitants of our seaports devote their attention to the development of gold-fields—close to their own shops and warehouses. It shows that while they believe devoutly in " trade" that they have no objection to developing the golden medium, provided it can be procured handy. 