CASTLEMAiyB. Monday, March 3rd. (FEOJI OCB OWN COREESBONDEKT.) As may naturally supposed the stirring and mournful news that reached ns by the Thomas Brows, via Mauritius, has created the most profound impression in Castlemaine, as no doubt it has done in every o.ther town, village or hamlet in the British possessions, and never was the loss of a public man more sincerely regretted than that of Prince Albert. His whole life lias been devoted to scientific literary and benevolent objects; his character was held in the highest respect by all, and his death, at what may be calledso early an age isfelt bj ueariyeveiy individual in the community as a personal loss; a laige number of persons in no way connected with tiie civil service may be seen in mourning, out of respect to the memory of the illustrious dead, and the most heartfelt sympathy is manifested for his royal widow. As though this sad and startling news was not sufficient to affect the public mind, the impending war, or to speak more probably, the existing war at the present moment, has cxcited public feeling to an almost painful degree, and tbe next mail which is due this day week, is waited for with the most intense interest People are asking what course in case of war being actually declared, will , the Government take, in order to protect the colony from a raid by privateers or others, and, also, it is becoming a matter of anxiety, as to how onr gold ships are to avoid capture by the hundreds of privateering marauders that immediately on hostilities being dedared will be dispatched from the Californian shores, and other points not blockaded by the British Fleets. It is supposed, in point of fact, the volunteer force can be scarcely equal to the occasion, that a militia bill will be at once brought in and hastily passed, iu addition to which, it is said that the batteries in Hobson's bay can soon be completed. It is to be hoped that the stable door may not be shut when the steed has been stolen. Of course as yet it is premature to express any opinion as to what effect, in the absence of a militia bill, the intelligence will have on the vol-, vnteer movement, bnt it is certain that if it is ever intended to put the present Victorian Vol- i unteers against a trained foe, very much greater attention to drill and target practice, as well as a reform in the class of men who are to have the command, of such comparatively speaking, ra w lines ; Castlemaine in this respect is particularly fortunate in having as a commanding officer, a thorough soldier, \vb«se heart and soul is completely in the movement, and who held a commission in her'Majesty's army for a period of twenty-three years. The other officers no doubt, animated by the good example set in their local chiefs have also diligently applied themselves to the sti;dy of their adopted profession, and should Castlemaine be called on, her contingent will, 1 feel assured, bear favorable comparison with any other corps in die colony. This state of things is by no means general, unfortunately, and our neighbor Sandhurst affords a deplorable illustration of the fact The horrible murder at Tan doit is, lamsorry to say still shrouded in mystery, though two men have beet arrested on suspicion, what evidence there is against them, I do not know, but have reason to believe that it is of a very weak nature indeed. They will be brought np at the police court this morning, when the case will be gone into. There has been a great commotion amongst our legislators of late, and a good many of the £6 a week patriots are beginning to find the pressure of the times so severely, that it is probable a large proportion will have to retire to that obscurity from which they ought never to have emerged; one, Mr Flint has retired in disgust to Adelaide, there, in a truly Micawbensh spirit to wait for something to torn up; whether anything will turn up favorable to his pecuniary relief is very doubtful, for even the composition of 10s in the pound on the payment first asked, will hardly be granted by an obdurate registry to the needy country patriots. This is supposed howerer,anda bill has, orwillbeintrodnceShaviug this end in view; in the^meantime hawSese impecunious gentlemen who fill the legislative benches exist is a mystery, best konwn to themselves. Sutely the choice of Maldon must now find it hard times, unless his private means are supplemented from unknown sources. . Some weeks ago I hinted that certain appraisements of political support had besn made, and -I hear, since that the value then arrived at has in many cases been duly paid over. Our senier, or rather our oldest member. Mr Pyke, has betaken himself for a time to New Zealand, where he willi meet his ejected, colleague, Mr Chapman, and his jidus euiuites M Prendergast, Esq., and a i number of other disappinted politicians, who, having muddled Victorian affairs have transferred their services to.Otago, foe the purpose of repealing the process, if possible. Mr Chapman I may say has abandoned the razor and shaving dish, and is trying his hand at shallow sinking; up to the last news he appears to have been inure fortunate in his former vocation, haying sunk nothing but sbicers. A rather interesting case was tried last week; Gingell v. tbe Qieen, wherein the plaintiff sought to recover about £1,300, as 5 per cent commission on lands sold by him, as Government auctioneer. The plainti^ be it known, is a thick and thin supporter of IL D. "Ireland, Esq., Her Majesty's Victorian Attorney-General. Be has acted on every occasion where ids learned friend contested any constituency as a sort of body man; the latter, properly grateful, cast about how to reward such continuous and disuuiiiterested service. The only available opening'was, it seemed, the appointment of Government auctioneer -for the Castlemaine district, and this accordingly was duly conferred The transaction was managed very quietly, how ever no thing oneitherside was stated asabout the amount of remuneration. Aster Mr. Gingdl had been knocking down Her Majesty's property some 15 mouths a notification that his services were np longer required was sent, and 5s. per cent was tendered him as. the value of his. laboF^qn ithe sales 'effected.; .This he de dined, and claimed £5 Jper««t-; and Govern' meat re&tsiijg; to admit ahy.suEh ^laini, the pre' sent action stroae. Jt was KlioWn that out quarter per cent was all the osual commission to others for like services; and the jury returned a verdict for the defendant; who had paid tha commission, admitted into court Tim was a sore flaw to plaintiff who is saddled with costs which are estimated at £300. Tbe approaching cricket match between the CastUmauu^ and the. Alt-England Herai begins as the lime draws near to excite a gooj deal of public interest,' though it ia Hot for a momentsappoeedthat4fae-'local-ineh 'mil have the ghost of a chance. The booths are to be sold this week, and ai^e^ected to ining im^ prices/ Great dissatisfaction iseSigrcsBed; however, at die scale bf -charges fbr admisaon to the ground, viz.," 2s. 6d.43er.head Jbt- the first day, aid ls."per head for each oFthe succeeding days. When it is r^embered tbat the whole booth money as well as these receipts- go into Spiers -and Pond's. s 1«jpfeMs 'great reason for complaint. ' On the first day many thousands of. persons will jprobably be. present, and will come from all mparts ofTthe. district. If I . take.. the ; second-.; day of the Northwestern Gathering" .as" any criterion, some 5,000 persohs 'may be'calculatei on, who alone wopld give upmaEds gf .£600 Allowing only 5j000 to attend on 1 the two last days at the cheaper rate -(wh^ch .is far below what may be expected) another £200 is added to the exchequer of the Melbourne speculators, and some "£900 in addition to the booth money which will be considerable, is preposterous for any. community to pay even for an opportunity of witnessing the prowess of" England's champion. cricketers. The effect of the half-crown imposition wiU be "to keep hundreds^ ,perhaps thousands away, and an injuryis inflicted on the booth-holders thereby. * Half-crowns are veiy scarce in Oastlemaine .just-now, and tlot sum is perhaps as much as many desirous of witnessing a day's' play coiild afford to spend altogether: Qn tj^e" other hand, we scarcely think that Spiers ahd-Pond would be losers by a reduction nrthiirtariff theiacreased number of persons would compensate foratresluced entrance fee in all probability. As. arrangements now stand there, is every certainty -that the fee will be evaded if possible, and if the strict law of the case was tried'it may' be ^aestionable -whether the delegated authority of tbe Conncil authorises Spiers and Bond'to charge anything at all for a reserve set out for public recreation. At the same time no-one would object to paying a shilling, and oncerely wishing that the match maybe profitable to ^iieis and JPondl only express public feeling in saying that I hope the admission fee'will on each day be fixed at that 