SPIRITUALISM IN AUSTRALIA. LETTER NO. III. TO THE EDITOR OF THE EMPIRE. SIR,--Mr. E. C. Rogers, of Boston, in his Philosophy of Mysterious Agents, Human and Mun- dane, and Mr. Traverse Oldfield, in his To Daimonion, respectively adopt a theory of very formidable pretensions, which they support by a varied arrangement of facts, and by most elabo- rate and recondite arguments. They suppose that brain can act with or without mind, and that by acting in one way it evolves one class of the manifestations, and by acting in another way, it produces the other class. They assume that the brain can act automatically, and ask their readers to add to this automatic action of the brain the power of rapping and tipping at a distance, in order to account for one class of spiritual phenomena. Dr. Therner, they allege, states that Mrs. Frederick Hauffe, when in the magnetic sleep, could rap at a distance, producing a soft distinct. found; and Dr. Binus mentions a gentleman who, in a dream, "pushed against a door in a distant house, so that those in the room were scarce able to resist the pressure." I can supply an additional and an analagous fact. A gentleman residing in Wollongong assures me that he was once washing his hands outside the door of his father's kitchen, when he saw, or thought that he saw, his step-mother approach, as if she meant to go into the kitchen. He drew back a little to get out of her way, and she passed him and did go into the kitchen. He perceived that she held a shoe and a stocking in her hand. As there was no egress from the kitchen but by the door, and as she did not come out of the kitchen, his curiosity became excited, and he went into the kitchen to look for her. She was not there. This excited him still more, and then he ran into the house where he found her asleep in bed. His father was awake, and assured him that his stepmother had not risen from her bed on that evening. When awakened, she declared that she had dreamt that she went into the kitchen for the purpose of doing something there, and that she thought, in her dream, that she had a shoe and stocking in her hand. The author of this story assures me that it actually occurred exactly as l have narrated it. When he first saw the phantom, he says that he felt in nowise excited, because he took the appearance to be his stepmother; but that when he found she did come out of the kitchen, and was not in it, his curiosity became excited, and hence, he went into his father's bedroom to satisfy his doubts. If the story be received as authentic, it affords an example of mind acting without brain, and may therefore be useful to the advocates of Mr. Rogers' theory. In order to account for another class of the manifestations, these writers assume that two human brains, placed at a great distance from each other, may become filmily meshed together by odylic threads, so as to form a double cere- bral unit; the impressions of the stronger brain being communicated to and through the weaker. Thus, a brain situated in England can be placed en rapport with a brain in Australia, and can telegraph impressions across the globe, impart- ing information to and through the medium, which neither the medium nor any one in the circle could otherwise have any knowledge of. In this way events occurring in distant places may be accurately described, and the descriptions be spelled out, partly by the automatic action of the brain of the medium, and partly by the automatic agency of some co-efficient brain in a distant place. The hypo- thesis can be extended to past events by supposing them to have left a perma- nent impression on the all- pervading odylic medium. By this theory, all communications received through writing, tipping, rapping, and speaking mediums are accounted for. It seems strange that such a subtle thinker as Mr. Rogers should not have perceived that the foundation of his hypothesis is incapable of proof. That automatic cerebral action, in the ordinary acceptation of that term, does occur; may be admitted but that automatic cerebral action, in the sense in which that action is necessary to Mr. Rogers' hypothesis, ever does occur, cannot be admitted without proof. What proof of the fact can be offered? Those who observe a printer set type, or a musician perform on an instrument, cannot see the consciousness of either the printer or the musician, and, consequently, cannot tell whether volition guides their muscles or not. The required proof must, therefore, be sought in the testimony of those who are supposed to act automatically. But they affirm that, although they do not think much about what they do, they, nevertheless, do think a little about it. I have spoken to several printers on the subject, and they assure me that whilst composing type they are not wholly unconscious of their actions. They think, and, indeed, are obliged to think more or less on the copy placed before them, and hence their performances are not purely automatic. Nor are the perfor- mances of musicians purely automatic. A lar- ghetta or andante cantabile movement, embrac- ing diminuendo and crescendo passages ad libitum, cannot be properly executed by a purely automatic player. The soul of the artist must preside over and direct every part of the perfor- mance. Besides, to suppose that a printer or a musician can give evidence as to the fact of his brain having acted automatically, is to suppose a contradiction: namely, that he was not conscious of performing certain actions, and yet was conscious that he was not conscious of performing them. If he was conscious of what he was doing his actions were not purely auto- matic; and if he was not conscious of what he was doing, then he cannot possibly remember whether his actions were automatic or not. As the fundamental postulate in this theory does not admit of proof, the theory must con- sequently be valueless. Nor have the authors of the theory satisfac- torily established the fact that the human brain has the power of rapping at a distance. The facts mentioned by them are too few to be of much service. Perhaps, if we knew all the circumstances connected with these facts, they would admit of being explained in some other way. We cannot be certain that Mrs. Hauffe ac- tually rapped on a distant body, nor can we be sure that the gentleman mentioned by Dr. Binns pushed a distant door open in his dream. We want conclusive evidence, as to the cer- tainty of these facts, before we can feel ourselves warranted to build a theory on them. The assumption that truthful communications respecting contingent events can be rapped out automatically is extravagant, and borders on absurdity. For these reasons the hypothesis of cerebral automatic action is inadmissible. The hypothesis of automatic mental action must share the same fate. On this hypothesis w6«arîsx!|paot tórmostof tîia phenomed» wh Beuron tAfmínTi aqd]bod^o{ it ipi thone ^ich/íiccuríínVconriéTBtion with animate" Bub^tlncés^odufïde or^tb«^ie:diam's mfluenep^ ^ha' raps, and the movïrig of inani- mate bodies, as tests of power, though ridiculed an I laughed at by the learned fools of the day,' constitute the most conclusive part of the evidence of spiritualism. . . : Spiritual phenomena are attributed by many to the agency of electricity. Nearly all those who adopt this hypothesis are ignorant of the elementary facts and principles of e'ectric science. The electricity generated by the chemical processes of the animal economy 10 generally in too low a state of tension to pass through the dry skin of the hand, and hence it could never be imparted to a table by the mere imposition of hands on the surrace of that table. I Granting that it could pass from the hands of persons seated round a table to the table, it could not bs retained there a moment, but would infallibly and inevitably escape,] justas it would do from any other uninsulated body. The car- pet on which the table stands, and the varnish on the sutface of the table, would not produce insulation sufficient to effect the retention of electricity. Even supposing these difficulties overcome, the amount of electricity required to produce many of the wonders of spiritdom, would exceed the producing power of all the electric machines in the world. The most powerful machines can only generate an attractive force sufficient to attract light bodies. Tea thousand square feet of coated glass, nay, ten thousand acres of electrified cloud charged with a lightning bolt, sufficiently powerful to rend the proudest oak into fragments, would not, by attractive force alone, raise a table ten pounds weight through one inch of space. We have the proof of this assertion, in the fact that thunder clouds of vast area, charged with electricity in its most intense state, pass across tho beavens repeatedly! and yet do not perceptibly attract even the lightes bodies on the surface of the earth. If a table could be charged with electricity, that force would become equally diffused over all parts of the'charged body, in accordanca with the well known laws of electric distribution, and consequently all parts of the table would, in pro- portion to distance, exert an inductive influence on nil surrounding bodies, and would develop in them an equal tendency to attract th6 table, and to be attracted by ir, ; so that, as a result, the table would remain at rest. If, indeed, any body should chance to prove mora attractive than another, it would be tho earth ; hut this woald tend to pull the table down rather than raise it up. Nor could electricity" product'the" sound? called" spirit raps," except by passing from one conductor to another-through an interposed electric, such as the air ; thé transit, of course, being accompanied by the evolution' of "sparks and flashes of light. Finally, if it were possible" to accumulate e'ectricity in such large quantity as this hypothesis requires, it would be danger- ous for any animal organism to be in " the spart mont where the ' terrible " accumulation .had been stored. All these objections apply with still greater force to the < assumption that thermo- electric, or voltaic , currents, are the canses of the raps. In fact, there ' ia not the slightest analogy between spirit manifestations and- the phenomena included ia the domain of electric science. Any one who doubts thi3 assertion can easily sat'sfy himself by attending a circle, and using a gold leaf electroscope. Automatic action, expectant attention, domi- nant ideas, and í preconscious thought' have respectively enjoyed the reputation of produc- ing, spiritual- phenomena. It is difficult to understand the precise ideas which these terms are meant to express. It is more than probable that rhany persons employ these terms in argu- ment without.clearly understanding their mean- ing. , Spirit .writing " has* been attributed to the action of preconscious thought¡combined with automatic! action.- I presume that those who advocate this theory suppose that the mind is first intensely active ;"that it then becomes comparatively quiescent ; and that, in that quiescent state,' it influencés .the'muscles of the band, andjcauses them_to_ wite out an answer to. any ( question .that: .may .have been proposed:, for solution. Itt is quite pos- sible that phenomena arising from "this cause may be mixed up with the pherio . mena of spirit writing. ' Granting" the ' truth of the ^hypothesis, therefore,.. for. argument's sake, it follows that the hand . of the medium can .never write out any ideas that.have.not'existed previously or preconsciously ia the mind. How -miserably-this 'bypotbesis-fai!s"to~account;-for the communications which are made through writing media," I need not stay to determine.' Granting it to be true, it will only serve to account for a few phenomena which are [occa- sionally- mixed,. up with the real phenomena of spiritualism. ,*'"'! Automatic action; in the sense in which the ¡word is.generally, employed,is,that action of the muscles which results j from previous training,1 and which is accompanied with but a very faint1 ^coñs^ÍousnesB of~ yölitiöri*.j'Th"é~nmusclès" of the' band*"employed, in' writing' perform "their; office automatically ; so do. the.muscles of. .the! legs-in- walking-^-so-do the -muscles -of-the| iaryrixicin 'singing."' 'A ""violinist¡ . stops i tho notes * on his1 'instrument "'.'auto1 ! matically printers ;;sec , type automatically ; and tradesmen .generally work at their 'respec- tive .avocations very much in the same sort of way. i But,: in the name of logic and philosophy, what light do these facts throw upon1 spiritual- ism'?' or-'what possible connection can there ' be between the automatic jptionof the human mus oles, and" the production of raps ona table, or on thé^wàlls of an ¿pártmént ? "" ' , :?),."'% ' Expectant attention and dominant àdeas are played off os trump cards, by some of-our philo- sophers. Thé arguments urged' under these heads are so shallow, and so foreign to the real question at issue, that I shall not do" more in , this place than merely allude to them.. .':?"{ Some people, not over.burdened with intellect, assure' us, that the raps and1 cracks which spiritualists say they hear;.; whilst/àt'èriding aeànceï, are " merely ' sounds" produced " by dis- ruptions .occurring in the glue of the furniture of the apartment, owing to barometric and hygrométrie changes in the atmosphere. ; This is'the most stupid -theory; bf all.; If admitted, it would lead to conséquences-of : the most astounding character. A very slight sketch of thought will Buffice to substantiate-these asser- tions. ': ".', . _'\\., \; '..- v \ - . "" í The intervals between sounds or cracks pro- duced in wood, by changes in -the weather, or by any other physical cause, j must be either equal or unequal. 'There is rio escape from the conclusion. Suppose that they are equal ; suppose that each, interval extends over five minutes; abd suppose that the intervals between the sounds of the letters, as uttered by the per- son who calla over the alphabet, are exactly half the" duration of thr other set of intervals, that is ' ta Bay, two and á half * minutes eâofc ! "With in- . I J * .' . b -.-'..- - - , tetvals ao arranged, the first rap will be obtained at C, tba second at O, and so on for ever. Let the length of the in Ur va's be changed in any way whatever; and the relation of one set of in* tervals to the other set be varied ever so much, provided the pulses of each set be always of the "same length, the only effect of change will be the removal of the rap from the letter G to some other letter. With equal beats between the two sets pf sounds, we should never get more than one letter rapped at. But the raps .frequently spell ont long communica- tions, comprising many letters, and, therefore, the intervals between the raps that denote these le ters cannot possibly be equal. Kow, let us. look at the other side of the hy- pothesis. Suppose that the intervals between the sounds are unequal, and that they vary from etch other as much as possible, how can we account for the marvellous fact that words, and sentences, and paragraphs, and books, are slowly spelled out by means of these sounds ? Let any one go into no uphols'troi'a t>hop, duning the prevalence of a hot wind, and try if he can get even a single word spelled out by means of the cracks in the furniture. In short, the hypothesis ' is an absurdity of'the grossest and most ridiculous character. We might as well believe that a case of type,- flung at random into the air, would de- scend on the composing stone in the farm of an epic poem, cr arranged into a treatise on fluxions, as believe that arbitrary sounds, pro- duced by purely physical causes, could possibly indicate intelligible responsos to^the questions Jot intelligent beings. Audible illusion is another stronghold of sceptics'. The senso of vision has often been deceived ; the sense of hearing has also been often deceived ¡ therefore, the senses of those who attest spiritual phenomena give deceptive evidence, and the attestors are consequently deluded. In short-, we ore not to believe our own eyes and oars, when they attest tbe'exist ence of sight3 and sounds which are novel to the experience of others i but, on the contrary, are bound to regard these -sights and sounds as subjective, hallucinatory, and phantasmal. Should the sights hare. been seen, or the sounds have been heard by fifty people at the same time, the whole of the wit- nesses may h av J bern under the influ- ence either of spectral, or of audible illu- sion, and, consequently, their ' testimony is valuless. Very well ! Be it as theodvocatcs of this theory wish. Let us apply and extend the principle of their hypothesis. In the first place I do not know whether I have anything to reply to or not.- I have seen certain printed symbols, which have led me to believe that spirit rapping is a delusion of the senses, and I have heard people say that it is a delusion of that sort, and nothing else. My senses may, however, have deceived me. The senses deceived Nicolai, of Berlin ; they deceived Mrs. A., whose case is recorded in Brewster's letters on Natural Magic, and they may' have also deceived me. What am I that I should not bo deceived as well as other people? Again, bu idreds of people have been deceived by their ears, and, therefore, I may also have Lean de- luded by my sense of hearing. I cannot be sure that any ' person ever ,to}d ,;me that - the évidence of the senses was not . to be - believed, because . ' I 'have no other means - of ascertaining whether any person ever said so or not, bat the aid furnished by these very deceptive senses; Strictly speaking,, there moy,-therefore, be no such hypothesis in existence as the one under eônsidèrâtîoçrrârid^p in refuting "it may be like that of the ; thresher who beateth the;wind. ..-.?.'" ? ' , ; . Some short time back I had, or fancied that I bad, the pleasure of.visiting Sydney. I believe that I felt ' a' m6st ' unaccountable sensation 'during the passage, and . that I expe'ien'ced.a very decided relief from , that'sensation when. I got "inside the heads of Port; Jackson." I re- member,-that-is; I think I remember, that I landed at .the Phoenix Wharf, and proceeded thence to an hotel, and. that, afterwards, I sauntered . through. George-street, and amused myself by looking into the ! shop windows, wondering ' at ? jthe' bustle and. hurry which, appeared., -everywhere, and specu- lating;, on tríe i n»anitold curiosities . which met my 'gaza at » almost every turn. I' Baw,'that;ip, I thought;''I saw,"men and women; 'horses and .omnibuses, 'shops and signs of Bhops, and. all trie mu'tifári us mani- festations of business and iife which are to be seen in a great "cityi But now; if not a sadder, át 'léíst I am - à wiser mao. \ Those, who deny the. facts of spiritualism have, taught mo that my senses ought not to be trusted. Nicolai saw "phantasmal appearances; 'Blake, the painter, ( was deceived by his oivn imagina- tion ; and so may I have beeri. , There is no snch place * as Sydney. There is no \ evidence for the existence of. any such place. .The": only evidence we haye , for the existence'of such a place is that of our senses, combined with the testimony ¡of the- senses- ofi ' other men ; but, caa -both kinds;of evidence are deceptive, neither ought to be; believed.' ;'. There are'lnot any people jesîdîng_on_the alleged jsite ot_this fabulous : city. The ¡Herald and Ejnpire , offices are delusion* ; the School of Arts is a castle in the air ; Government House is a myth;- and tho present;Parliament the" most outrageous" sham that'was ever imposed oh the ' credulity of a fiee people. Beally; I begin to think thát nobody exists but myself.^ I certainly have no conclu? sive evidence.for tue existence of anyone ex- cepting myself. Sometimes I feel-doubts even as to the fact of my own existence. . Certainly, feeling'cànnqt be trusted aá evidence, and there- fore, itsj; testimony goes !for nothing ; but as self lore and a little spice of vanity prevent me from Utterly'exti&gtishlng; myself, J,'-in despair, clutch at the'tí o ergo áúm of the philosopher'of the vortices. ; ..." , . . \ ? . ,' '. . A writer in Blackwoods Magazine for October;' i860, takes great trouble to convince the readers' of old Maga;that the !sense' of ^espiritualista; may be trusted, but .that their understandings are at fault; end that, hence scepticism should |jfa!l, ;EQt, upon.-what /the spiritualists; see.and hear, but upon .the : inferences they draw from the facts they .witness. 7This writer; considered a long and' laboured article necessary to sub- stantiate a very obvióüs trut";, with which we hope «very., advanced schoolboy is acquainted, namely-that there is an obvious and radical difference between fact and inference.", "", This 13 the ralcrumVof1 the1 lever whierj-ho applies to spiritualism-" When a* man avers that he haB seen a ghost," say's our critic, " he is passing far beyond the limits of visible facts into that of inference. -He - saw - something ; which he supposed to be a ^; ghost. ^ ^But we have a right to ask him if he knows what a ghost is/thai he con thus readily recbgniso óaé?^ And what proof does he offer that whit he saw' waa not something .else ? : I: concede all that our critic asks fo-, batjin return, daim* the right of asking him; if. he knows-what s gbósVts^báít he can thoa perceive that what another man take to be a ghost is not a ghost ? If a priori knov ledge be necessary in the one case, it mast I equally necessary in the other; so that thos who a=y they see ghosts, and those who sa -that ghosts are not seen meet on equal term; According to his own argument;- unless h knows what a ghost is, he cannot prove that th thing which another man takes to be a ghost-i not one. The greater part of the article in Bláckwoo is admissible. The positions which the write labours to illustrate are ; commonplace ani understood by everybody. The mountain trul labours. He makes it evident that mei often reason falsely. Whoever doubted the faci or supposed the contrary? He shows that niel often draw wrong inferences from facts, and usi those inferences as indubitable postulates ii reasoning. Surely it was not necessary to wast, much time in proving this. Then, having tri urophactly proved that men ofton reason falsely and that there is an obvious distinction betweei facts and inference?, he attacks the real questici at issue between himself and tho spiritualists contending that inability to account for the facti is the sole reason which leads spiritualists tc attribute the phenomena of table moving anc spirit rapping to spiritual agency. Our philoso pher here conceals a large portion of the truth, In this respect he, like nearly all others who hsvi attacked' spiritualism, reasons * most dis ingenuously. It is not because we ar< unable to account for the facts, tha we attribute them to the agency of spirits, bu because the facts indicate intelligence we infe that they are produced by the agency of intelli gent beings. Wben we read our authors ar tide, we infer that he is intelligent, because wi perceive marks of intelligent agency in hi! article ; wben we hoar a bell tolled, we infer tha a bell is tolled, because experience assures u¡ that a certain sound indicites the tolling of i bell ; and in precisely the same way do wi reason as to the nature of the agency that pro ducés spirit raps. We a3k the rapping agent i question, and it gives us a distinct and intelli giblo answer. We fear that this answer come: from tho pressure of our own hands on the table, and straightway the raps remove to sorni other part of the room, as if the agent tha was making them perceived ou: doubfp, ard wished to remove them We ask questions respecting d'stant places »nc events, and we receive oarreit answers. Th< rapping agent, in reply to our queries, assure: us that it is a spirit. Here are indubitabh marks of intelligence. These marks of intel ligence must como from an'intelligent agent Who or what is that agent? By th« adoption of every conceivable test, J have proved, to my own satisfaction a least, that it is not human : and hence I infe: that it is what ic purports to be, namely, a spirit It may bé something else. It may be, as th< Saturday Reviewer asserts, a wild beast from th< planet Saturn. On that point I can give nc opinion, simply because I have no fasts to indue: an opinion from. The rapping agent, however assures nie that it is a spirit, and not "merely Iso, but that it is a human spirit." In the absence ol better knowledge: I accept the averment, of the rapper. The evidence which attests the fact of the raps being . pro duced by spiritual agency is just as potent and, moreover, is exactly of ,tbe same nature as that which attests the existence of human in telligence. No man can see human intelligence: no manjçaç jBëâr or feel human, intelligence but, when "".human intelligence operates or objects that are perceptible to our gross senses, we can then discern in that Operation, andie the" traces it leaves behind it, the marks . 01 "symbols of intelligence; and hence we infer the existence ..of the intelligent agent thal produces those marks. In;another state we may possibly have; higher faculties, and know even as we shall be known.- - AU inquiries into -causation necessarily in- volve more or less of doubt. This arises from the imperfection of our faculties, and not from any uncertainty : in' the world of causes. We can experiment with electricity in a great variety, of ways, and we can ascertain the modes in which it invariably operatea ; but when we attempt" to go farther than , this our faculties . break down, and bur speculations become ' doubt ul. So is it in other departments of science. We do not know, and we have no means of inquiring into the hidden nature of things. Yet our sceptics require us to be acquainted with the nature of spirits before they will allow us to attribute certain' facts which we have witnessed to spiritual agency« What ought a disciple of Bacon to think of an argument of this sort ? What would an electrician say, if we were to assure him that he must understand the nature of electricity before he has any right to assume that the phenomena of his science are electrical ?* .-. What ; would an astronomer say if he should be told that he is not justified in attributing the perturbations of the planets to the law of attraction until he can. tell what gravity is. The inductive.philosophy of modern in which effects are produced'; but the world of causes, , for the most part, lies outside of the .circle that circumscribes our researches. Apologising Jor the unusual length of-this epistle, and thanking you for.your candour and fairnessXñ "permitting both' side^ the ques- tion to. be.represented in your columns, I have- tho honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant. . ' F. S. Wollongong, May 19th, 1862. 