VICTORIAN MEMS.. The goldflelds commission says the Age, looks lis if it would be a break down at the -very outset. Mr. Loader with something like an tostincliTe: forecasting of its future fate, has resigned, at.d tbe doubtful honor, has been conferred upon Professor M'Coy. In other' words blank ignorance has been replaced at this hope-' ful Board of Inquiry- by pretentious and fallacious theory, which is worse than ignorance. all the, persons who bave at any time published opinions uponmining matters in Victoria, Professor M'Cpy has.been, tbe one who lias showri'the greatest'amount of impran- J ticability. Whether upon ordinary matters of every day concern, - upon wliioh any fo&ticker; even could speak with experience and sense, or'.whether, upon; matters oft speculative scientific inquiry—such foe instance as the discovery of auriferous 'quartz at low depths—tbe Professor has ever betrayed 1 the most lamentable spirit of misconception,'joined with tbe most unhesitating advocacy of his ;chcrisbe 1 blunders. This is tbe new commissioner whoriplace^ Mr. Loader fossicking out a goldflelds' polity forihe "Ministry" ".all the talents." It isptain that the commission will " cave in" long before it has got lialf through its assigned task. " The following novel occurrence is reported in the Argus During evensong at St. Peter's,Church,-on a Sunday, a middle-aged woman, with a rather wild and haggard look, entered the church .and occupied one of the pews near the centre of tho building. Her strange appearance and evideut disregard of tbe solemnity of the place, Were notified by pct'sons sitting near her, but her conduct did not call tor any special interference until the singing of the Jfi/nc Dimittis, when sbe became greatly excited, turned round towards tbe choir, waved her liands, and exclaimed in a loud Toicc, God bless Jesus and Mary and send the Holy Ghost comfort the Queen." The poor woman continued make some incoherent remarks, and her bcliaviour attracted the attention of a large portion! of the congregation. The attention of the verger being directed to the disturbance, be promptly removed the unfortunate creature from tbe church, without causing any interruption to tbe progress of the service. At length it is announced that the Railway between Ballarat and Melbourne will be open for goods traffic on and after the 8th day of August next. A general feeling of satisfaction is manifested by merchants and others interested in the quick transit of goods between the metropolis and the metropolitan gold-field, but the great question, the rate of charges, is at present a secret. It appears, that unless reasonable rates are fixed on, the Vigilance Committee will again take ac tion. —Tribune. The telegram published in the Ballarat Star, announcing the cipturs of Gur.line-, the bushranger Droves to be a hoax. That journal, in yesterday's issue, ias the following on the subject:—" From inquiries we have made, we'learn that what appears to be a genuine telegram, signed by tlie proprietor of the Kttmore Examiner, was in the usual way of business handed to one of our Melbourne reporters, nnd he of course forwarded it to us.' What object was to be served by this hoax we do not know, but we shall take the proper steps to bring tho author of it to condign punishment. Mr. G. G. Morton, J.P., chairman of tho Ballarat Road Board, is, it seems, <o be requested to allow himself to bs nominated for Ripon and Hampden in the place of Mr. Service'. A requisition has been forwarded to Mr. Clarke, jun., to become a candidate, but that gentleman has not yet signified the nature of his intentions ill the matter. An extract from a private letter from Duncdin supplies some interesting particulars relating to the recent listory of that city and the gold-fields. The writer discourses familiarly, • but hia representations are lione the less worthy of note, particularly as they may be relied upon as genuine. At Murdoch's paddock, at Oxley, no less than forty- eight snakes have.bcen ploughed up lately. The'average " finds" were about 'seven per day, and the largest specimens were from 4 feet to 4 feet 6 inches in length —Constvtion. Ex-constable Halpih lias written to the Commissioner of Police for the arrears of pay alleged to be due to him, and in case of refusal he purposes instituting proceedings for its recovery. When paid off ho received pay at tlie rate of 7s. fid. per day, and he now seeks to recovcr8s. per day.— Ballarat Star, July 14. Another sixty-eight pounder gun was attracting attention in Collins-street on Tuesday morning. Tlieie monsters of destruction are about twelve feet long and weigh five tons, the bare cannon itself without fixings, carriage, or aught else. This makes the fourth sixty-eight pounder that has been removed from Williamstoivn to tho batteries at Sandridge. On Tuesday there were two taken down, one on Saturday, and one to-day. Such a formidable armament properly situated and efficiently worked ought to be able to give a warm reception to an enemy should ono appear in tho Bay.— Star. A very important point was decided at the Ballarat Police Court oh Tuesday, and one that the wholesale spirit merchants of Ballarat should re- member. It appeared that Messrs. Mather summoned a man for a sum of money alleged to be due for brandy, &c.; The recipient of the liquor, or his wife; rather, kept a sly-grog shop, and the Bencli ruled that the sum could not be recovered under tho circumstances as tho liquor was supplied for au illegal purpose. The suit was therefore dismissed. A short time ago Judge Rogers gave a similar decision in the County Court. "Mr. M'Culloch, formerly sergeant in the Rifle Rangers," 6ays the Ballarat Star of Tuesday, " has returned to Ballarat from Now Zealand. lie states that there were 280 returned Victorians in the same ship as that in which lie came, and that there were abont four feet of snow on the ground at the time of his departure." A meeting of Mr. Wilson Gray's Rodney constituents is reported in tho St'Ivor News to have taken place at Heatlicote a few evenings since, at which it waB resolved to present a testimonial to that gentleman in recognition of his services and consistency as the representative of the district. As the time approaches when the new Scab Act will come into operation, it is important that the owners of dirty 6hecp should not waste their time in adoptin" other than the most efficacious means of exterminating tho disease. Our attention has been called to a paragraph now going the round of the papers to the effect that washing with soda and sulphur is. a cure for scab. This, we have been assured by competent judges, is altogether erroneous. These two articles have been frequently tried, but never with success. Sulphur and soda, combined tcilh tobacco, are vciy efficacious, but (be two former have no action by themselves. Extensive flocks have been cured by tobacco and sulphur alone, a quarter of a pound of each to the gallon. The only use of the soda is in cleansing and softening the wool. Our informant took the professional opinion of Dr. Mound as to tbe chemical properties of the three substances when used together, and he testified to the absence of any antagonists action, and announced his belief that they might be employed with advantage.— Geelong Adver- tiser. For the vacancy in Ripon and Hampden, caused by the resignation of Mr. Service, three aspirants are now named—Mr. Clarke, jun.; Mr. Gr. G. Morton, who declares his willingness to stand if guaranteed tree of expense ; and Mr. Colin Campbell, who will stand if duly requisitioned to that effect. The collections in Melbourne in aid of the distressed spinners of Lancashire have reached £1553. The nine oldest banks give £100 each and the National Dr. Macadam's report on "kerosene was submitted to the City Council yesterday. It states that out of 21 samples of kerosene purchased in shops in Melbourne, 11 were found safe, 5 dangerous, and 5 highly dangerous; nearly one-half, therefore, says .the report, are under the standard, and many are truly dangerous. This is said to be a proportion lately found to exist in tbe London shops by tlie analytical sanitarv commission of the Lancet; and, says the concluding paragraph' in the report, "considering the climate of this country, the result from the use of such dangerous oils are still more to be dreaded here." —Melbourne Herald. That most mysterious of all human disorders— catalepsy—has recently been brought prominently before the notice of the inhabitants of Hamilton by the occurrence of a case there thus mentioned in a local paper :—" An unfortunate young woman named Susan Alexander has been lying for several days in the lock- up in a state of catalepsy. She was brought here from Harrow, where she was given in cliaige of the police from one of the neighbouring stations as a lunatic. She has now been fifteen, days in a state of utter unconsciousness." It is stated by the Mount Alexander Mail that Mr. George SmVth, the newly- elected member for CasUemaine officiated as Crown prosecutor at the Maryborough Circuit Court Sessions last week. .Our contemporary adds the following significant rider :— "Honours, like troubles, often come in crowds. 