FIGHT FOR THE SPEAKERSHIP. IT has often, of old, been our task to record the doings of our political leaders in tmes of great excitement; but nothing ever came np to the rampus of yesterday. When the member for Braidwood entered the precinots of the Assembly, the messengers and door-keepers fled right and left in terror, and the sergeant hastily took refuge behind his own chair, so appallingly did Moriarty's unearithly gaze and solemn march resemble those of the ghost of Hamlet's respected parent. He transfixed Marrey with e glanoe, and frowning a hanghly defionoe aroqali tookhis seat! io moody and ominous silence. Everybody knew at onoe that something was up, and that Moriarty disapproved of it. No sooner had the proceed- ings concluded, and the Speaker's chair been declared vacant, than a general rush waa ; mada for our office,, and. tba race..down. Hunter street beoame highly , " exciting. Alien alerted ¡ off with the lead,' c hat ? got winded -after the ' flrBt twënly yards, and" waB overhauled ty Arnold, who had been waiting outside for the .flrBt slant,. Luoaa now made play to the front, and for some time ran neck and xieak with Moriarty ; but Forster immediately afterwards took np the running, and reached the Vinning post first by twenty.seran eeoonde a half. He had lost bia hat on the road,'but'did'nt let that Btop bim. His business, of ' course," was te solicit oar influence for ' the vioant place. Tho other» nc ir coming ap, and all being clamerons on theTaame snbjeot, wedeolioed to make any promises, but, taking the.Obair of State, ordered eaob to make out 'the beet oise he eiuld for himself. , Fdrslot.lnslsted on opening the ba l, on the principle ol first come first served. 'He appealed to his'peet career asa guiranteo of his fltnesB td oooupy the chair, end re. marked" that ho had ' hardly ever heard an opinion,^delivered by a Speaker, or . indeed by anybody else, that . ho agreed with. - f Heir, hear.) This, he oontended, proved the independence of his mind.. He bad devoted his leisure hours to the'oom. pilation of a set of rules for the futura guidanoe of par. Momentary debates, and the first of these proposed tbe , total abolition of MAY. The leading principle of his plan wai, that no two members should be «Uowed to enter, tala the same opinion on any given Botjeot, bat that every.speaker in a debate should stiioily. aonfine bimealf to the contradiction of all that had been .said befoie. He pledged himself, in the event of bis eleetioo, to differ from everybody, and thus, instead of tha decisions of the aha» being marked by s tedioUB uniformity, there would alwayB be something froBb. He WBB proceeding to dilate j upon the merita of this plan, when--.' Moriarty roas suddenly, clenched his right fiat tightly, elevated it to his right cyr, and proceeded to emphasise hil[remnrke with tho action/of an auotioneer Bclioiting a hidi[ , He reminded the' meeting ., that ho had had' tba honour to serve his . late ; .MejsRty Jftng William the First, commonly^ called the Conqueror, and bad subsequently been Field Adjutant to Admiral Drake. No gentleman, he maintained,. could successfully'preside over the deliberations of the honor able House, without that dignity of betring whiob oould only- he ocqairod "in "the service." (Ironical obeers from D.lgleisb.) He treated tho interruption 'of the honorable person opposite, with the most profound oontempt. (Laughter.)' Tho Speaker of the Assembly should bo a gentleman, and he had the honour to stand before them that day nB on unsullied sample of that rare commodity. He daflod' the whole universe, from the Emperor-Napoleon to the King of \- Dahomey, to w tor the infin.tesBimal partióle'of a sentence disparaging'to bim aa' a gentleman and an officer , He should like, above'all thingp, to find snoti a 'person. Every day of bis life ho, had anxiously inquired, at leajt a dozen 'times, if there, waa anyone in : existenpe ..who could sty a'word against bim.' He would travel to' the ; Vorth Polo, or to Central Africa, to find auoh an indivi- dual; and i( anybody ot all, present cr absent, required, any^li'sfaotion from - him;^ré|ilírlhr. f eadyand' cager W . givOjiii in the'manner ouqto'mary .amonget ^gentlemen. He would be quite os ready to,go, out, with the" whole House if necessary, when he beoame' Speaker. ' If they wanted' to know »his opinion of a gentleman-and it I ' might improvôeôme of tbim- 1 "-; '..) ' Hore he was interrupted by Lúeas,-; who, advancing befóte the honorable and gallant gentltmin, effdoted a complete °eolipsr; - He'(Luoas^ waa siok of all this talk' about "''gentlemen.1'If tbe member "for 'Broid. wood _ wanted., Biliifaotloc, be waa ., prepared to give it bim in a twenty-four foot ring. J. He thought a man as worked hiB wa; np was the best to depend on in ? pinch.1 He weald yield to no man in tho Assembly for bottom'. .Soma waa born greai ' on'd some thieved groat. nesBf and somo,hod greatness crashed upon 'om ; batt be had (rowed great, and waa able to oruah the beat on 'em, JSiO one1, could soy as he was not -obie to 'fill' Ibo.'ouair. (Cheer B.) What thoy wanto J waa n . mani, aa carried weight, and be pledged himself that , when placed ia the balanoe be wonld I not be found wanting. ' They :bad plenty'of gis-whet he liked was something substantial Bedman desired to know wheiher'the word " gas" was applied.to him ? Ha could teil them that his gas was not the sort of rhlng' they oould make light of - What did thay want f Was it not a Speaker7 If BO, he was jaBt the man for the post. Every ' member of the House wonld ' bear testimony to bis indefatigable praqlioe; .in. - that line, and r bis constituants, to mark ' their eppreoiation, *-were_^/ about to present him with a thousand pouadi. (Oalgloiih : " Of mad.'') If ho waa'not ' elected-to' the; chair; rie'would make it'bis business to attend '"the House' every night (mark'B of oimBioioation), and dolivér à speech on every question. (Gioins and-orles of " tara him oat.") He should now proceed to address ?himself to the subjeet, and' wonld oómíñeneo with a general review' .of the' origin and progress of representative' institutions. (Yells, and arlee of *f Bhut upj'l " ile .down,1* ,." boa* net bim," ito., after (wbioh - : ,, ± Arnold rose, and waived his1 band majestically fdr alienee. It was a poor prool, ho Bald, of the sense ol the eemmnoity, that* they had plaoed the .aratohed indi- viduals, who bad B1 ready addressed the Chairman, in a position to becorae a tniaanoa to the pabilo. (Qreat disapprobation, daring wbidh:,Moriarty was making frantlo efforts to' get at ,him.) No 'doubt this «pinion waa very" distasteful, but Vit;¡ was no new one on bia part. . He - bad placed it on record in a. aeries of papers e'aloalated not only to pre. aervé'the purity of the English language and to' eahohoe the .dignity of bis own positlo'n as a Minister , of, the Crowriï but '.tb, bring . the miserable institution, of. the . ballot and the detestable manhood.'suffrage into well. morlted contempt. : These papers, like the'writings of another great man, one ,jJjmiuV, we're attributed to jjarlous j persons, ; and,., .amongst ...others; to the Jibnoratrie, and orotob'etty gentleman . opposite j fae' alluded to Forster. That individual, however, dld;not possess" tbe 'ilaVsicàï erudition 'ind "mental ' refinement neoeWaiy for euoh a1 task..' .'(Förster il** Toa know, very well yon wrpte. the rubbish yourself.") i He admitted it, and 'be'gloried in it. The time for concealment was' noW.{'past,:''aitd;1 witk^th'e 'dignified retirement ol ^he Speaker's chair in view, he considered that the admirable manner in which he, had sketched their ugly pictures established his claim to fill it. The reason he had adopted the name of "John Smith, of Congewoi," was this — Allen, who had been manifesting strong''symptoms of ûXOitementr here,.thrustfhimself forward and began to ?peak, with great vlolenoo of gesticulation; The conies. v rionjthey had just heard, bo said, though the truth bsd Jong been susti'eeted (hear, bear), wes quite BafHoient to ?ettie the claims ol the last speaker. He had often won- dered how that gentleman managed to pasa bia time, ooo. alderlng that ho knew nothing at all about bis department, but now the murder wos but. Ho occupied himself, at Alteen hundred a-joar in lampooning the polltloal pria. I elples that be took offloe to establish, end wtBing caricatures in Upguage gathered front-early experience as. ? drover end bollock driver, (Groan», daring wbiob Arrfold made a bit at bim). Perhaps they were not aware that'A« (Allen) bad been attacked,-that an at. tempt bad aotaally been made to iHioule bis personal appeatanof.' (Laughter, ac dorias of '.' ImpÓBBible.")' It waa true, «ni he invited them now to do juatioè, by placing him in saoh a position as woald enable him to prove that " fine feathers make fine biro e." : '.' ' Dalgleish bad with difficulty beén kept qiiet, and eonld bold himself no longer. He was ready to take the Speaker job. for twelve shillings a day end his rations. He considered it over-time, and all nett prent. Aa to Mr; fohn'Smith Arnold, he would advise that Ministerial Oopid to let /lim alone fer1 (ha future. Where did be spring .from? . What right had be te libel men who, at all events, stuck to their prinoipleB aa yet t Did he remember tbe old green ooat that '. waa the most vnlgar thing in the House when Cowper first .pulled him from his o bsourityr-- - - '? Here Moriarty rose, and, repeating the auctioneer motion with his fist, expressed his firm oonviction that this was not the sort of language to use amongst gentlemen. The honorable person who had just sat down was too anxious to take the place of the late member for Morpeth. (Dalgleish : "Dry up!") That was a remark to which he (Moriarty) scorned to reply. He defied the world, from the moment when it first had the honour of his acquaintance to the present hour, to say one word -." At this moment Hay opened the door and came in, and as we had a few words of advice to give him, we dis- missed the others without ceremony. We understand that there was a fight on the race-course last night, and that several of the candidates got black eyes; but as the Assembly won't meet again till Tuesday it's no matter; Raw beef, we may mention for their benefit, is good as an outward application in such cases. 