AN UNPOETIC VISIT TO STRATFORD. (From the Saturday Review) IN the course of a late ramble through Tanoni parts of England, a variety of attractions com bined to lead us. to the famous town of Stratford on-Avon. We will not deny that one clue motive was a wish to see with our own eyes what it was over which suoh a shout of triumph ha! jnst been raised-to know whether, at the sight of New Place, onr own pulse would or woulc not "beat " as " Shakspearianly" as the pulse ol Mr. Fullom or Mr. Halliwell. We might per- haps have erred when writing far from the I hallowed spot itself. We might not have made doe allowance for the probable effect of treading the streets where Shakspeara once walked, ol pausing in veneration on the bridge which he crossed, ol gazing on the house which, indeed, j Shakspeare never saw, but which is made holy by concealing a piece ol the foundation of the house I in which he lived. To bo sure, the connection between ourselves and Shakspeare is at Nen Place pretty well reduced to the connection which we once heard a preacher establish between our- selves and Abraham. The divine, in the fervour of his rhetoric bade us reflect how wonderful a thing lt was tbat the same sun ahpuld be now shining npon us which shone upon Abraham on the plains of Mamre. To our worldly mind, indeed, it would have seemed much more ; won- derful had it been a different sun, but we supposé that onr instructor had been rather disappointed not to find somewhere in the Book of KingB that about this time Helios the First slept with his fathers, and Helios the Second reigned in his stead. We gathered from Mr. Halliwell's descrip- tion that the direct witnesses of tbe presence of Shakspeare at New Plaee were hardly more in number that the direct witnesses of the presence of Abraham at Mamre. 'lhere was a bit of a foundation at New Place, and ,we believe that there is a bit of an oak at Mamre. In either case, the identity of the Bun would bethe strongest point of connection. ? . But we wished to prove whether, on the spot itself, - this seemingly vague identity might not kindle into something more living, and whether under its genial warmth we might not r'ou¿e ourselves to a genuine Shakspearian beating. And, if we failed at New Place, still we were not without hope-we might succeed better inf the Birthplace," or in the choir of Stratford Church, where the poet himself actually lies. So we set out determined to do our very l est, stirring up our resolutions to beat as Shakspearianly as we possibly could, and to rise to tho highest degree of enthusiasm which we could get up within the few hours at our dis- posal. Shakspeare, as we learn from Mr. Fnllom, left Ftratford on foot. We confess with shame, as a mark of the degeneracy of the age, that we bo th entered and loft it by railway. Mr. Halliwell, we have no doubt, always enters Strutford barefoot, or at any rate with peas in his shoes. But such discipline is only for strong men. We are but babes, and such bodily discomforts might possibly have made'our pulse less disposed for the proper beating than ever. But we did, for the sake of greater ease and leisure, reject the aid of the rattling and rumbling omnibus, and walked from one r .ilway station to the other. It showed our weakness-for we should- not haye been thinking of snch sublunary things-that we could cot help wondering why the two stations were not rolled into one, and even grumbling when we found that it cost 1 alf as much again as it does any- where else to carry ourgoods from one to tbeother. We firmly but gently protested, and quoted the practice of all the rest of England-" 1 dare say it is so, but we're obliged." Let tis at least hope that the obligation is of a Shakspearian kind. Let us believe that a third of ihe proceeds of the om- nibus is devoted to pulling down the Stratford theatre, or to some other purpose which proves the pulse of the owner to be in the healthy state which becomes n fellow-citizen of the Swan of Avon. We walked then through the streets of Str.tford; and we felt half guilty at our prosaic satisfaction' in finding 'those ; streets remarkably chan, wide, and airy. We forced, ourselves ; we dwelt in imagination on the dunghills wbfch. were there in the days of g od Queen Bess ; we regretted that there w¿s no room fora Shakspearian influence on our nose a3 well as on our -pu'se." We were 'half inclined to thick that it is the present prosaic merits of Stratford which prevents Stratford 'from producing more Shakspeares. Genius requires to* he cabined, cribbed and csnfined, and nowhere is ' » mao lesa cabined or cribbed than ia a toi which may fairly claim the Homeric epithet Mycenae. We marked here and there many lin sigcs of reverence for the hero of the spot, f-ha speare was to be seen in every window whe Shakspeare could be displayed, but, alas ! tl fairest objects cast a shadow ; Eros pursued by Anteros, the sublime and tl iidiculou3 often dwell near together, and s wherever Shakspeare appears. Halli well traci hia footsteps. The National Shakspearii Fund is ominously placarded on every wall. Ti and that, no doubt distinguished, though to i unknown person, has kindly consented to rea perform, or lecture for ita benefit. Yet we fe; that the true Shakspearian spirit has not yt duly leavened the masses, Among the inns we beg pardon, hotels-of the town, we did n hesitate in quartering ourselves at (hat which bo: Shakspeare's own name. Not even the sign i Falstaff hanging in vivid colours over the strei could compare wi h the attractions of the bat himself. To be sore, Falstaff seemed to pi esk only over a rather shabby public-house,' bnt v. trust no one will wrong us so far as to set th) down as oar motive. Well, at Shakspeare's ow sign we made our simple meal, attended by a n< particularly neat-handed Phyllis (though here; t the way, we are stumbling into Milton instead i Shakspeare), who could tell us absolutely nothin about t>Tew Place, and seemed to have very fail notions where New Place was. That mach, hov ever, we learned from the landlord, and we sallie forth to meditate. We saw a aubstanti house, and on its door were the remains . two printed placards. One assured ns that tl house was, as it certainly looked, ''well suited fi the residence of a professional gentleman." iheotht told us how here " the Immortal Bard put off b i mortal coil.'' We suppose we were not wrong i I ascribing one to the napoetiomind of the local a i torney or house-agent, and the other to the genii of Mr. Halliwell himself. The house looke much like other houses, but to the eye of faith conceals a bit oi the foundation of the houi which was Shakspeare's. From this not remar] able-looking house a not remarkable-looking wa runs on to the corner of the street, turns the co ner, and goes on till it meets a few cottages';an the proscribed theatre. We gazed, but we gaze in vain ; we could not get up a Shakespeare beating for the life of us. Had the whole Shaki pearian Fund heed offered as ourreward, we çoul not have gone through even a sham beating'wit decent hypocrisy. We confess that the sight froi the street was so little tempting that we did n< even ask for admission within the wall. S whether our pulse would have reached a propi state at the sight of the bit of foundation mui remain a problem. We turned awa unconverted. We were still too dense I see how Shakspeare would be honoured b pulling down a ; theatre where Shakspeare plays might be acted, or even by pulling down tidy bouse where the processional gentleman, aft« the fatigues of the day, might' read Shakspear or at least Bowdler, to ? a delighted family circh We could not bring ourselves to understand hoi either the players or the professional gentlema at all desecrated the hallowed ground, orwht Stratford, England, or the world would gain b the loss of two useful and harmless, if not partici larly ornamental structures. In short, we wer away the same stiff necked heathens that we cami looking upon New Place as a take-in, and th National fchakspearian Fund as a humbug. At New Place, then, we utterly failed to cal np the faintest Shakspearian beating. At " th Birthplace" we were more successful ; and in th church more successful still. This is just the di ference between real relics and sham relics. A long as Shakspeare's house and Shakspeare's mu! berry-tree existed at New Place, so long as Net Place had real relics of Shakspeare to show. A long as they existed, every Englishman was in terested in their preservation. The man whi cut down the mulberry-tree and pulled down tbi house was simply a savage, Bot they are gone and wo cannot replace them. Let Mr. Halliwel root up and plant, let him pull down and build up to his heart's content-still he cannot get ui back eitherShakspeare'shouseor Shakspeare's tree Very likely Mr. Halliwell may lay out the gardet with moro taste than the professional gentleman bnt the garden will not be Shakespeare's gatdei but Mr. H illiwell's. Let him run up . the mos elegant of palisades instead of the somewhat uglj wall-the palisade will be no more Shakspeare'i than the wall is. When he has grubbed up thi theatre and the professional gentleman's house the utmost which be will have to shew will be tw< or three stones, which most likely Shakspeare neve: saw. The whole scheme, in short, seems to tenc infinitely more to the glory of Mr. Halliwell whose name might otherwise parish, than to thi gtory of Shakspeare, which willhardly be seriously affected by a professional gentleman continuing tc live quietly on the site where bis house once stood. We tarn from sham relics to the true. The house in which Shakspeare was born, it genuine -and we seo no reason to doubt its. genuineness "-is a real relic of the highest interest. Every one will be anxious for its preservation-every one will be glad to find that it is duly preserved and cared for. Only we do not know why the decent woman who lets you in should bear so queer, and un- English a title as " Custodian.1' Surely Mr. Halliwell must have been busy at " the Birth- place," as well as at New Piece. Beal relics, again, are the simple entries of Shakspeare's bap- tism and burial in tbe parish register ; and real, above all, is his tomb and effigy, the- direct con- temporary memorial of the man himself. Far from admirable as a work of art, utterly incon- gruous with the architecture of the noble choir in which it stands, it is still the monument of Shak- speare-the memorial by which his own friends and kinsfolk marked his last resting-place. As such, it is an object which no Englishman can look at without interest and veneration. Whatever is left of the mortal Shakspeare is there. Hts dust is beneath your feet-his effigy, looks down on you from the wall. We need neither Shakspearian Jubilees nor Shakspearian Funds-we need neither Halliwells nor Fulloms, on snch a spot. Whether our pulse beat Shakspearianly, we do not know ; but we do know that in the choir of Stratford church, wo had something of the feeling of being brought, as near as may be, face to «ace with one of tbe greatest of mankind. The church in which shakspeare is buried is a noble building, well worthy of its former collegiate rank. There are also some minor antiquities worthy of attention, as the Guild chapel, close by New Place and some of the picturesque wooden houses-Shakspeare's own birthplace being one so characteristic of Warwickshire and the neigh- bouring counties. The position of the church close to tbe Avon, especially as seen from the opposite side, is singularly beautiful, save i for the presence of an enormous mill. Even had Shakspeare not begun. and ended his days there, Stratford would be a town by no means void of interest. It is a pity to vulgarize it, as Mr. Halli-' well's schemes must'infallibly-vulgarize it"into still more of a show-place than it is at present. j From Stratford we made our way to another] neighbouring town, where onr. meditations were all our own. Mr. Halliwell has, indeed editeo the Chronicle of ffishanger,ATid he has inbis Intro- ducion misquoted a piece of Greek over the body of the martyr of Evesham. Bot he has not set up a National Montfortian Fund, nor has be vexed the repose of Simon the Righteous with more than two or three lines of his tawdyrhetoric. Ali visible memorials of the local hero have as utterly vanished from Evesham as they lia/e vanished from Waltham and from Crowlaud. But while England is still a land of freemen, Harold and Waltheofand Simon need neither tomb no obel'sk. The monument alike of the vanquished Simon and the victorious Edward is a work greater than the work of Shakspeare himself-the con- stitution and the laws of England. Both heroes may forgive us, if, in musing on their own work on their own ground, we followed their doings into minute detail. ' A spot so connected with the founder of the boroughs of England led us to conjura up the ghosts of departed Reform Bills. We began to wonder why it bad never occurred to any Réformer, either of the thirteenth or of the nineteenth century, to. transfer one at least of the representatives of Evesham to the more populous and, to all appearance, at least equally flourishing town of Stratford. 