TO fotN T'ALK.-. 1 kr. Servioa's Roal Property Bill passed its third reading, without a division, :in the Assembly lait night. There were some very sharp passages of armB between the lion. momber and tho law officers of tho Crown, and most of tho '.members of tho Ministry spoko warmly against tho course taken by tho House. Dr. Evans characterised it as tho "blind im petuosity of ignorance:" Mr. Ireland plainly intimated that (lie bill, though passed, might not receive tho Royal assent. Mr. Snodgrass intends to ask tho Houso to day to instruct ..the Government lo appoint tho Racecourse,, and not tho Werribce, as tho place for holding tho Volunteer encampment. Tho appointment of tho Polico commission of inquiry was, it appears, ultra vires of tho i Chief Secretary's functions ; steps liavo been since taken by Mr. O'Shnnasiy to legitimate tho act. This was Bfatcd in the Houso yester day by tlio hon. gentleman himself. / Mr. Pope's first speech in tho Assembly was 1 tho statement of a grievance. Ho was mis- reported — maliciously misreported, lio thinks : — in tho Ballaarat Star. Tho Houso wbb sympathetic with the 'lion, member,' but powerless to help him in bis difficulty. The Pleuro-pneumonia Prevention Bill paised through its last stages iu tho Assembly lost nigbt. Tho Great Demonstration Meeting in re j Humffray and Catbio, camo off at the Town- hall, Ballanrat east, on Wednesday evening. | But tho greatest demonstrators on the oecn- I aion appear to have been Messrs. Humffray > and Cathie,— tho former in a letter of moro ( than a column in length of very small typo,— and the latter in a speech of nearly two solumns. These over, and tho following re solutions were adopted :— Resolved, 1st. That this meeting viows with surprise and regret the votes in tho Legislative Assembly of Messis. Humffray ahd Cathie, its- representatives, on the G9th Clause of tho Land Bill, as being in direct violation of their distinct and solemn pledges, and in opposition to the well known and often expressed opinion of tho electors. 2nd. That Messrs. Humffray and Cathie hav ing ceased to represont tho views of the electors of this district, and having by their votes forfeited the .confidence of their constituents, i this meeting hereby calls upon tliein at once to resign their seats in tho Legislative As sembly in aeiordsneo with, their pledges. On the passing of tho second resolution, Mr. Ostitis asked leave to retire, so that lie might have an opportunity of sleeping on it before he gave his answer, which was, no doubt, a' very prudential course. It is not well to " doff " tho Legislator, any moro than it is to «, don" it, in Hot haste. But Mr. Cathie shouid 'have i thought of this before he went up to Ballaarat. He did not get more than he had every -right - tocxpcet. But what either ho or Mr. Hum ffray may ultimately do rests pretty much between them and their constituents, and they must settle it among themselves. They ought to have known each other at tho time of tho list election as well as they do now, and very probably did. But tben circumstances alter j eases. The racing yesterday on (ho Melbourne eturso was extremely good, but we never remember to havo met so few spectators- on the first.day . of tho Turf Club Autumn Meeting. Tito fuct is that cricket lias had such a long and triumphant career, that pleasure seekers have become quito blaso witli regard to out door amusements : racing, which was wont to be the most popular- uf all, included.- 'Now that tbo All-England champions have left us. it is not unlikely that there will bo a reaction in favour of other sports than that with' which Mr. H. H. Stephenson's clover team were identified, and no doubt tho turf will regain, if not its former ascendancy in publio favour, at least a moro satisfactory position in it than it seems to occupy just now. There were four events decided yesterday, and caoli was sharply contested. Tho Maiden Plato was won by,Red Rover, tho Nursery Stakes by Musidora, tho City Handicap by Toryboy, and tho Handicap . Steoplechaso by Young- Camel. Thero was very littlo betting. Thero is at lengtii some chance of Mr. Hcnnello's cbbo being disposed of, tho select committeo appointed to considor it having brought up their report on Wednesday evening. Considering that the unfortunate accident whioh broke both Mr. Hennclle's legs and' otherwise injured liim happened "inpro than tlireo years ago, it cannot bo Baid that Parliament lias been too hasty in recognising his-olaim to compensation: Yesterday's Argus says: — "Wo aro au thorised, 011 the very best authority, to give the most emphatic and unqualified contradic tion to an allegation, to tho effect that tho detective police force are being employed in a < system of espionage among tho eity polico force." We Bhould like to know what tho Argus meanB by " tbo very best authority." Is it something bettor thuntbo authority of the detectives themselves, or than tho con stables accosted by thom on their beats ? Tho editor of the Argus must not allow himself to be imposed upon in this matter. There is more in it than lie. yet dreams of. Who is to appear against sergeants Kelly and Brown in the clinrgo of conspiracy, if not the sergeants now wandering about town in plain clothes and tho detectives referred to in a former articlo in this journal ? Let tho Argus enquire further into ' tho matter, nnd deal honestly and fairly by it. Tho police foreo is at this moment in a stato .of completo dis organization, and wo shall be able to show shortly,, not only what kind of espionage it is subjected to, but who are tho spies. We have Tasmanian papers to tho 25th instaut. Both Launccston and Hobart Town papors aro of tho same date. Tho Board appointed to enquire into tbo obarges brought agaiiiBt Polioe Serjeants Kelly and Brown mot yesterday morning, but owing to somo informality in tho preliminary arrange ments, no business was transacted, and an adjournment took place until this morning. A meeting of the bakers in Melbourne and' the suburbs was convened for last evoning, at the Albion hotel, "to tako measures for a -reduction oi water charges to tho trade," but tliorc not being a sufficient number prcsont to .constitute a quorum, nothing was done. ! The Creswick correspondent of tlid Eallaarat 'Star, in writing to that journal on Wednesday last, states " that great excitement was oreated at that .place on tho ' preceding night by a< gentleman, a resident In that town, riding into it in furious baste and stating that himself and 'another gentleman had been stuck'up about "RUf-past'sevcn' in the evening near the Flying Buok'hotel, on tho Spring Hill road, by two -deaporato lcoking fellows, splendidly mounted . and wall armed. Ho attributed his escape to the swiftness of his liorso, having when told to go into the bush clapped spurs into his horse and rodo as if a scat in the Legislature was to bo- the reward of his speed. Tho other gentloman also arrived, minus his hat, said to bo kno'ckod off by tho bushrangers. Tho police wcro out scouring tho country in soarcli of the desperadoes, but without suc cess. It turned out this morning that tho supposed bushrangers wero Mr. M'Donuld, a road contractor, and anothor man. If these contractors," continues this correspondent, " oro ; engaged on a piceo of road, and do not wish any traffic on it, they should post a notice to that effect, or put up a couple of forks and lay a rail across them, but they aro not justified in coming up to peaceablo tra vellers who havo trespassed unintentionally, roaring ont to them to go into tho bush, and . using threats and , abusivo language. Another gentleman, who had in tho earlier part of tho day mado a similar mistako, by going on this particular piceo of road, was insulted and threatened by Mr. M'Donald with personal : violence, and has taken out a summons againBt him." Tho Bendigo Advertiser is Bomowhat sevove in its romarks on tho change in the site of tho next volunteer oncampmont to tho Wcrribce, and concludes on article on tho subjoot thus : — " Wo can tell tho Government that as far .08 Costlemaino, Sandhurst, Maryborough, and Kyneton oro concerned, tho metropolitan corps will have tho fun pretty much to themselves ; at least, if tho correspondence on the subject, which has been published in tho various country papers may bo takon as a criterion. This constant slighting of tho wishes of tho chief centres of population in tho interior, for private and selfish ends, will era long bring down a storm of indignation similar in char acter and effect to that which hurled tho pro- sent Chief Seerotary from office some threo years ago." When that occurs, however, let us hopo that it will bo on somo better and stronger grounds than this. At the usual weekly meeting of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society, held on Tues day, a letter was read from Mr. Edward Wilson, containing his resignation of the pre sidency of the society, but it was moved by Dr. Black, seconded by Mr. D. S. Campbell) and carried unanimously, that Mr. Wilson be requested to withdraw his resignation, and will consent to hold that office during his tempo rary absence from the colony. The Council decided to elect an Acting-President to officiate while the President is away. An address was also drawn up and passed by the Council, expressing their great regret at being for a time deprived of his local co-operation but stating they still hoped to be favoured with his valuable services in the cause of Acclima tisation. The Council decided to alter the day meeting from Tuesday to Wednesday. The Vice-President read a letter from Mr. Layard, private secretary to Sir George Grey, requesting to be favoured with a pair of fallow deer, if it were possible, in order to commence the work of acclimatisation in New Zealand. Mr. Layard stated that in order to carry out the experiments more successfully, His Excel lency had purchased a large island, on which to form a preserve, and that he had written home for some red, roe, and fallow deer, and that when these arrived from England they should be prepared to arrange a system of interchange with this society. A second letter was also read from Major Whitmore, Military Secretary to the Major-General Commanding at Auck land, stating that he and Major M'Neile had purchased land, and had commenced the introduction of foreign game, and were shortly expecting a further supply from England and America, and offering to supply this colony in exchange for animals that they did not pos sess. The Superintendent reported the safe arrival by the P. and 0. Company's steamer Bombay, under the kind care of Captain Reid, the Admiralty agent, of 1 spotted axis female deer, 1 female hog deer, 1 female moose deer, 1 Indian porcupine, 1 squirrel, 7 Indian part ridges, 5 large edible snails, and 3 of the black- headed Aden sheep. The Vice President has also received from Dr. Bodinus, of the Zoological Gardens of Cologne, 9 fancy pigeons and some ducks and geese. The Council have to acknowledge with thanks the following donations : — 3 native cats from Mr. John Carson, of Collins street, 1 wood swallow, from Mr. Bone, of Digger's Rest; 1 native bear, from Mr. Saint of Russell street; l swamp magpie, from Mr. M'Intyre, of Keilor ; 4 sugar squir rels; from Mr. Laurence, of Campordown ; 1 white female goat, from Dr. Gibson, of Flemington ; and 1 mountain goat, from Rev. A. D. Kininmont, of Carlton. The Warmambool Examiner supplies us with tho following, undor tho head of cheep prices: — "As an instanco of tho ' cheapness with which "road work can bo proceeded with now, we may point to a tender of L.103S of Mr. John Bniney, for one mile and four chains tof road to be paved and metalled, whicli, .two years ago would have cost at least L.1800 per mile. Clearing was also lot at L.31 per mile, some change from a fow years since, when L.125 was about tho average, and in somo; caseB'this work cost L.200 per railo." Undor, the Healcs Administration's County Courts Bill, road-making was, wo believo, estimated at L.1250 a mile. But then that was one of Mr. Ireland's billsi and that gentleman must, of course, . havo taken all he knew on that subjoot on trust. Another fine haul of schnappcr was made by the sailors on board tho Povoril, at AVorrnam- bool, the other evening. Some of tho fish weighed between eight and nine pounds. The Oreiwille Advocate says : — "Tho far mers in tho neighbourhood of Corngbam aro busily engaged in getting their grain ready, for market, two thrashing machines being at work in tho locality. - The yield of grain is reported to bo fair in quantity and quality, although the bulk is not so great as last season. The potato crop in tho immediate neighbourhood will be very short this season, as tho growth of , this esculent hn9' been seriously ohccked by the want of seasonablo rain. Gardening is quite at a standstill, the ground being so com pletely dried up as to prevent any offorts at progress.", At tho City Court, yesterday, a man named Joseph Williams was committed for trial on a oliargo of breaking into tho premises of Mr. Martin, at Hawthorn. Tho prisoner was caught in tho act, and tho. stolen - property found about him. . Great complaiuts nro mado at Maryborough of tho price of bread. It is said to bo dearer, of far lighter weight, Arid of by no means so good a quality as at Burnt Creek. ' Tho oscort brought down 3884 oz of gold, and L.11,960 in cash, from Costlemaino yester day, anil 45Gli 07. of gold, and L.2887 in cash, from Sandhurst. Tho Pastoral Times !b told that Mr. Alexander M'Laurin, of Moroco station, has mado a small quantity of wino — about fifteen gallons— as an experiment. It would be pre matura as yet to conjecture tho quality of tl vintage, arid wo must, therefore, content our selves witli hoping tho experiment may bo as suecessful as to load to more extonsivo opera tions in future years. Tho rivalry between tho two linos of coaches from Denliquin to Sandhurst, hss issued as such rivalries generally do, in ono act of pro prietors buying out tho other. So that persons travelling that woy will now have to submit to tho old fares. In a recent article on our railway system, the Sydney Morning Herald has tho following on tlie effects of tho extension of tho Sandhurst lino to Eohuca : — " Tho opouing of the Mclbourno and Mount Alexander lino to Sandhurst and Echuca will powerfully affect tho courso of 'trade in tho interior of this colony, fur it will more than ever' attach com mercially to Victoria that vast pastoral area which constitutes tho 'far west' of How South Wales. In view' of this foot it becomes more than ever necessary that tlio two Govern ments should without delay cotno to Bomo amicable understanding with respect to tho collection of custom dues on goods crossing tho Murray frontier. Tho amount of such goods is certain to increase cvory year as tho back country gets taken up for runs. The trade of this vast pastoral area must of necessity bo drawn chiefly down to Melbourno. Tho rivor steamers will carry off a portion to Adelaide, but Melbourne bids fair to bo tho most successful competitor for it. It boasts tho most convenient port, it offers tho largest and quickest ships, tho lowest rato of freight tho best market for selling produce, and tho best market for purchasing stores; and these advantages, when mado accessible by the rail way, cannot fail to tell. . Whatever, therefore, may bo Mr. Wooks' present Iosb of revenue, . it is certain to increase unless he can satisfactorily compromise the question with the Government; of Victoria. Ho is armed with an not em powering him to negotiate a treaty, and the field is therefore clear for tho display , of his diploinney. But wo gather from tho few words dropped by Mr. Cowpor recently to the de putation of gentlomcii from Albury, that no very satisfactory progress - has' as yet bcon made towards a settlement of the difficulty." The following " Odo to Tobacco " is one of a series of short comio poems, contained in a little book. entitled "Verses and Translations:" By C. S. 0. Cambridge. It is cited by tho London Examiner in that ..journal's, review of the work.:— . -. - Thou, who, when fears attack, \- Bid'st them nvaunt, and Bluett Care at the horseman's- back Perching unseatest j Sweet when the morn is grey ; . Sweet, when they've cleared away Lunch ; at close of day - - Possibly swestest ' I have a liking old 1 For thee, though manifold Stories, I know, are told, Hot to thy credit ; How one (or two at most) Drops make a cat a ghost — Useless; except to roast — Doctors havo said it : How they who uso fusees All grow by slow degrees Brainless as chimpanzees, ' Meagre as lizards ; Go mod, and beat their wives ; | Plunge (after shocking lives) Razors nnd carving knires Into thcir.gizzardB:- Confound such knavish tricks ! Yot know Ifivo or six Smokers who freely mix Still with their neighbours ; , Jones — (who, I'm glad to say, Asked leavo'of Mrs. J.)— Doily absorbs a clay After his labours : Cats may have had their gooso Cooked by tobnoco-juico; . . - Still why dony its use Thoughtfully taken ? "We're not as tabbies are : Smith, take s fresli cigar ! Jones, the tobacco- jar ! - ! Here's to thee, Bacon ! Yesterday's Gteelong Advertiser says : — "Wo find from hints thrown out in various quarters that it is tho intention of tho Government to endeavour to negotiate a new railway loan, Tho great object in view is no doubt the for mat ion of a new passenger station at tho top of Elizabeth strcot in Melbourne, although .various other reasons will bo assigned witli a view to hide the grossncss of the metropolitan job. Tho extension of the railway to the Murray, tho throwing out of branch lines from Ballaarat and Custleinaino, and the' laying down of an additional rail on the Geolo'ng and Melbourno line, will all be urged as desiderata. So, no doubt, they aroj .but before going a step further tho question should be discussed whether it would not bo woll to loavo such enterprises InTuturo to private enterprise, and whether tlie existing debt of nine millions, — including previous loane,— liaajiot already cr« ceedaditho limits of safety for' a small com munity like this?;"-\ To tiio latter, of, these question?, wo should say in reply, decidedly it has., \- . Dr. Youl, the City Coroner, held an inquest yesterday, at tlifl Carlton hotel, Horth Mel bourne, on tho body of- William Samuel Ford, a child seventeen months old. The child was apparently in good health on tiio previous day but had by somo means possessed itself of somo stramonium seeds and oaton them. Tho jury returned the following verdict i—K That do-, ceased diod from eating tho seeds of stramo nium, but tltoro was , no ovidcnco to show whether given by any parson or how he ob tained them." The Oorngham correspondent of tho Oren- ville Advocate writes thus on Monday last on tho prevailing political feeling in that.distiiot — " Preston's Hill presented a - particularly lively appearance on last Saturday evening, tho human hive from thoPuddock to SnakoVal. ley having' supplied n pioportion of tho throng .that kopt walking. about on tho hill in expecta tion of Mr. A. A. O'Connor, their recusant representative. ' In waiting for this pontloman, who had promised to.'bo in attendance to givo an explanation, of his conduot, tho people formod themsolves into knots,' discussing the news and" polities of the day. Their ob servations. were . not at nil favourable ' or oomiimentary to Mr. 0 Connor, and wore, couohcd ; in . torms . which oould not have been gratifying to him. Tho conduct of Messrs. Humffray and Cathie was also freely discussed— that of tho formor being, deplored, and that of tho latter despised. A serious sorrow sceincd to pervade tho inhabi tants on hearing of the tergiversation of Mr. Humffray nt tho division in committco of the Houso of Assembly, iu consideration of tlie 69th clause of. the Land Bill. Tho attention ho has ovor shown to tl.o interests of the minors,' and his continued labours for tho general benefit of tho district, l.ad crentcd a feeling of respect towards him, and rendered the regret more poignant on account of Ilia secession from tho opposition nnd ndhcrcnco to the ministerialists at this particular crisis." At tho Distriot Court, yesterday, several women, tho keepers of houses in Lonsdalo street ond its neighbourhood, wcro summoned for selling beer nnd spirits without a licenco. Tho cases wcro ail postponed. A man named Sutherland, only a few days released from Fontridgc, was charged at tho City Court yesterday with forging tho namo Of tho Hon. It. D. Ireland, Attornoy- Goncral, to a cheque. Tho prisonor was remanded for seven days. Dicker's Mining Record lias now attained its fifth number, nnd scorns to bo- improving both in sizo and variety of mattor. ' Though still indebted to Bcndigo for the largest pro portion of its statistics, tlioio of other gold- fields are gradually finding a place; and alto gether this publication promises to bo ono ".of great interest und usefulness. < ' Tho Maryborough Advertiser learns that L100 was paid for a share in the United Com? pony, Chinaman's Flat, ou Monday last. On Tuesday, tho company, in driving through the rcof towards tho washing stuff, were flooded .with wator. On this being pumpod.out of tho drive, a couplo of shovelfuls of the' stuff brought in by tho water was washed, and produced 12 grains, of gold. This is, considered very pro mising, nnd tho purchaser of the L100 share professes to value it at' double that sum now. Thoro aro twenty shareholders in. this com. pany. , . , - Last evening tho Rabbi'Haym Zvee Sneer- 80hn delivered a lecture in connection with tho Jerusalem Mission, at the Meohanics' In stitute; on "Tho History of Jerusalem sinco its Destruction to the Presont Timo.". His Honour Sir William F. Stawell, Chief Justice, presited, and was supported by the Dean of Melbourne and other clorgymcn. A latter was read from His Excellency tho Governor, apologising for his absence. The lecture, which was delivered in Hebrew, was exceed ingly well translated by tho Rev. Moses Rintel. Tho lecturer handled liis subject in a very masterly ihnnnor. At tho close a vote of thanks was passed to tlie lecturer, and another to Sir William Stawell for presiding. ; Mr. C- E. Horsley's fourth and last concert of chamber music takes place on Saturday afternoon at the Mechanics Institution. Amongst the pieces announced for performance on this occasion is a quartett by Mr. Horsley, and which he has dedicated to Mr. G. O. Rutter. A trio by Beethoven in C Minor and Mendelssohn's quartett (Ho. 2) are also in- cluded in the programme. A concert is announced to toko place at the Trades Hall, Lygon street, to-night, in aid of tiio Carlton Bifio Company's Band Fund. Tho principal singers are Misses Julia Mathews and A. .Bailey," and Messrs. W. H.. Williams, Johnson, A.ngus, B. Stewart, nnd Bryan. ' Mr. H. King wilb preside at tho pianoforte. ' Tho " Bose of Castile," which was per formed at tho Theatre Boyal on Wednesday, and again lost night promises to become sn established favourite with the Melbourne public. The music is light and fanciful, the melodies pretty and vivacious, and the instru mentation rich nnd subdued. The drama itself is pleasing and even interesting ; and the characters are, on tho whole, very fairly sus tained. The favourite pieces with the audience are tho opening chorus ; the tenor songs "lam a simple Muloteor ;" arid " Givo thy heart to mo tho soprano ballad, " Tho Con vent cell ; the concerted piceo ; and succeeding trio, "I'm not the Queen j'and tlie, baritone song, "Hark! hark! mcthinks I hear !" most of tlieao being nightly oocorod. To-night La , Traviatn" will bo performed, with Madamo Escott as Yioletta, for the first time this season. Mr. Fawcett's adaptation of " The Woman . in White" now plays very smoothly, the piece having been pruned end considerably strengthened thereby. 'Tho audieiiccs, which have been, numerous all tho week,, applaud most energetically tho ."sensation" situations', and indeed appear thoroughly to relish tlie drama. To-night, Miss Joey Gpugeulieim takes lior benefit. 