JOTTINGS ABOUT TIIE CHINESE. Some Customs Relating- to the use op Samshoo, on Ciiinkse Wine. Ardent spirits in use among this people made by themselves, among foreigners is known generally under the name of Samshoo. It is most usually, at least in this part of the omnfw (Hong ICong), made from a mixture of red and white rice, or " millets " as thut parti cular kind of glutinous grain is sometimes culled. When made from red millet, or from a mixture of red and of white millet, it is of a reddish colour. When distilled from white rice or white millet, it has a whitish colour. It is sometimes distilled from potatoes, beans, or euaar-canc. But I did not p roposo to tell how, or of what, samshoo is made, but to notice certain established customs in regard to its use. 1\. Chinese wine is extensively used in idolatrous woisliip. — In the offering of meats and vegetables before the ancestral tablets, it is nflirmed by the Chinese that every family almost, invariably uses three, five, or ten cup» of wine. In presenting oblations of food before idols strictly and exclusively belonging to the Buddhist religion, as the Goddess of Mercy, samshoo is almost never used, especially if the worshipper is carefully to carry out tho rules and principles of tlmt sect. As a matter of fact, now-n- dnys, tho use of wine in these religious acts is snid to be becoming more und more common. Tea leaves arc generally used in the place of wine. In regard to oblations of food presented beforo idols belonging to tho Tuuist religion, the use of samshoo is very common, if not quite universal. Besides the three, five, or ten cups of wine, sometimes three cups, containing in each a small quantity table. Wine is also used when one makes au offering of food, mock-clothing, and mock- monej, to ghosts or spirits in tho infemu regions. In worshipping tho dead at their graves annually, wine is one of tho articles arranged in front of the tombstone, as if before the dead. A3 a general remark, tho offerer 011 these occasions near the close of the accom panying ceremonies, takes a cup of the wine which has been presented, and pours out some of it on tho ground, or on the hot ashes of the inoek-paper money, or into the censor, or on the gravestone, etc., according to the circum stances of tho case. This act of pouring out tho wine is usually explained as a mark of special respect 011 the part of the offerer, or as an especial offering to the object worshipped, and is done with reverence and solemnity, being regarded as an important if not essential por tion of the ceremonies. What is left at the close of the worship is consumed by the worshippers in the fcust. which follows. 2\. Wi"e is universally used on festive occa sions. — However much tho people may abstain from samshoo from day to day, and on ordi nary occasions, and ut ordinary meuls, there is no such thing us tcetotnlism on festive social gatherings, as on the celebration of birthdays, weddings, meetings of clubs, when entertain ment is provided, at feasts given on the opening of a store or a hong, or soon after removing into a new nousc, etc., etc. ivnenever a regular invitation to breakfast, dinner, or supper is giveu to relatives, or friends, or neighbours, wine must bo had upon tho table. Each guest, or rather all who take their seats at the table, is provided with one small, wine-cup, which is very much like a Bmall tea-cup. The red millet wine, as used hero on festive occasions, is always drunk hot. When the meal is nearly finished, the host proposes wine, and fills all the eups of the tuble where he is sitting. Then lifting his cup of steaming wine to his lips, he invites the company to drink with him. They all simultaneously drain their cups, which it is not a difficult' task to do, so far as the quantity of their contents is concerned. They then cat u little longer, when they drink another round of wine, and so on ad libitum. Many, however, do not drink all, but only a part of the contents of their cups at a round. Sometimes, and even frequently in the case of the wealthy, and of those who are fond of the cup, from ten to thirty, or even forty rounds are drunk. Those who cannot drink wine so freely without becoming drunk, let their cups 6tand filled in front of them on the table, excusing themselves from drink ing, offering some apology to tho company j or they take their cups, and raise them to their lips, with or without tasting, as they pleaBe, while the others drink. The host urges the company to take wine, and drinking it freely and frequently, is understood to be a mark of respect for him. Ho often represents the importance of their drinking, t > make up for the scantiness and the ill- flavour of the eatables provided. Females drink wino 011 festive occasions as universally os men, but they do not imbibe as much. The hostess takes the initiative, in pouring out1 the wine, and in inviting her gue6ts to drink. As is well known, femulcs at feasts always sit by themselves, and males by themselves. , fund-, nmnnfT tltn himtliAn f!hi'nnaft trmilil bs considered proper and completo which should not htivo wine provided and used ac cording to custom. It mny pcrlinps bo worth while to state in this connection, tlmt at least some of the native Christians do not look upon this use of wino as proper, and therefore do not furnish or uso it on festive occasions among themselves. On several weddings known to tho writer among tho native Protectant Christians nt this port, there has been no wino provided by the host for usn nt tho tahlo of his friends. This was intimated to bo the course which would bo followed by tho pcou- , liar wording of the invitations given out to invited guests, or by tile guarded language employed when speaking to thorn about tho feasts on such occasions, calling it an " invita tion to drink tea," instead of an "invitation to drink wino." This loiter expression is a stereotyped form of invitation to a feast, whntever may bo tho timo.or the occasion. Invitations to dinner given or received on the part of the foreign residents in China who neither themselves uso nor provide wino or any kind of spirits for uso on their tables, are called generally, even by their own servants, und always by other Chinese when speaking of them, " invitations to drink wine," according to tho custom of the country. A certain noisy game is oftonlimes played by two persons on a festive or joyful occasion, tho design of which seems to be to see which of them can make tho other drink tho most wino beforo drunkenness ensues, or before one withdraws from the contest. This is called " blowing tho fist," and consists in both parties simultaneously throwing out, towards tho other, one of tlioir fists, and sticking out ono or more of tho finger- on tlieso fists. While in tho very net of doing this, cncli pronounces some numeral, which tho speakers guess will bo tho aggregate number of tho Gngcrs thus stuck out from both fists. Should tho numbor pronounced by either bo tho precise number of these fingers, ho who pronounced it is reckoned tho winner, the other the loser. The loser drinks us tho forfeit n cup of wine, and tho gumo proceeds. Should neither guess tho right number, tho gamo proceeds without either drinking. If both huppon to guess right, cncli drinks a cup of wine, or both refrain from drinking, os they nro pleased to ugrce, und proceed with tho game. Example. — A thrust out two fingers, and cries out " six ;" B nt tho snmo moment, thrusts out thrco 'fingers and cries out "four." In such a case neither wins, ns two and thrco mnko five, neither "six" nor "four." A calls "five," ami thrusts out one finger ; B culls " two," and thrusts out four. In this enso A wins, as ono nnd four niuko " five," which was tho numbor lie guessed. B drinks a clip of wino ns his forfeiture, being tho losor. Tho Chinese usually nro very boisterous in playing this game, us both parties become excited, and under the influence of tho spirits they have drunk. Not unfrequently uro lliero four, six, or more persons in the snmo room, and cvon around tho same table, engaged at the same time in playing this game. There is another piny or game, in which scholars or literary men are accustomed to engugo on festive occasions, much more intellectual and less noisy and boisterous than the one just described. This play only slightly resembles tho custom of drinking toasts at parties in Western lands. It consists in some one out of ttiose seated around the table near the conclusion of the feast pronouncing a line ot poetry, which must be matched by another lino by all the l-est, or in enso of default, a cup of wine must bo drank. Usually tho host or tho chief guest begins tho play by repeating the poetry, which is not original. The reply of the company must be also in selected poetry, and made in tho order of their seats. Those who cannot remember and pronounce correctly n lino corresponding to the lino pro posed by tho one who commenced tho round, corresponding in regard to number of characters, or to tho principal word or subject, etc., according to tho established rules of the play, is reckoned ns beaten, and must drink a cup of wine, unless excused by tho company. There are sevornl methods of playing the game, which are all comprehended under the same general name. Usually there is somo word contained in tho line first given, or some sub ject referred to in tho lino which is mentioned by the liostor guest who begins tho play as necessary to bo found or referred to in tho lines pronounced by the rest ns replies. Eor example : If tho word is " wind," und is tho first word if the line givon out by the chief of the play, tho replies must all huvo the word " wind " for the first word. Ho who cannot instnnter pronounce a lino to match it when his turn comes, must drink his wine, nnd tho next one must try. Should tho word selected be " beard," or Bomo word referring to tho beard, thou all tho answers must contuin the word " beard," or 6omo term which refers to tho board, in order to bo accepted by tho person who, for the time being, is director nnd judge. The more intellectual and educated the- persons who engngo in this piny on social gatherings, the more interesting is it. On far as the knowledge of the writer extends, liko extempore toasts and speech- making indulged in by the Chinese. There may bo considerable How of wit, but little originality allowed or required at these times. One of tho principal objects kept boforo tho mind of tho company is the drinking of wine, and ono of tho most- boisterousness or stupid drunkonuess. — Over land China Mail , 1st April. ' 