CAPTAIN TOWNS' PROJECT. (From tho Maitland Ensign, April 2.) WE had oer.is;on, in one of our lat« niim hers, to call attention to an important meet, ing which had been held in Sydney, t« promote the cultivation of cotton in thin colony ; and now we have the pleasure of refeiring to another meeting, from the pro ceedings at which we learn that considerable progress has been made, and that there is | every likelihood that, ere long, cotton-crow- ing will get a fair trial in New South Wales. Ibe government,' in our opinion, deserve much praise for the promptitude and libe- rality they have exhibited in the matter. They propose to give 5000 acres of land for making an experiment on an adequate scale, """Jnaye^xpressed their willingness to add £5000 in money, provided the public show their interest in the scheme by raising other £5000. _ From the large amount of attention this subject has commanded throughout the colony, we feel confident that this sum will easily bo raised; and the promptness with which the promoters of the soheme have , acted augurs well tor their operations being i speedily, at all events, if not successfully, carried out. Judging from the example of America, thpre appears to be nothing lo pievent this country from becom- ing a cotton-producing country. The climate is suitable, the soil appears to ho suitable, and we have the authority of Mr. Do Coin for believing that white labor is really more profitable than negro labor. It seems to us that a great deal too much has been made of the labor question, both in connection with cotton culture and many other things. Any speculation that is worth entering upon will eventually pay well for the labor requisite for carrying it on. But, it may be asked, is the growing of cotton a speculation worth entering upon in Aus- tralia? and we think that we may safely enough answer that it is. The culture of cotton does not require such a very great amount of work after all, and white labor in Australia is not so very much dearer than in America. At the meeting'on Thursday last, Captain Towns, as on the previous occasion, would insist upon mixing up his political views with the question, which we humbly submit had no connection with it at all. That gentleman seems to fancy that all persons who hold liberal opinions on political subjects must, per force, go along with what are called "the working classes" in all the whims and absurdities which they mny take into their heads. A man who is a real liberal holds large and liberal views on all questions, altogether irre- spective of tho fact of these views being popular or unpopular. For example, the views of the great mass of the people of New South Wales on the Chinese question are most illiberal, and it is an utter abuse of terms to talk of the doctrine of Chinese ex- clusion being a liberal doctrine. It is nothing of the kind, and the accident of certain liberals espousing it can never make it so. We protest against this unfair way of judging of the doctrines of what is called the ex- tremo liberal party. Indeed we would very much doubt tho liberality of that man who, on all occasions, was willing to go alonp; with the vox populi. Commend us to the man who is stern and steadfast in his ad- herence to his principles, no matter if the world should oppose him and revile him. It requires no self-denial nor any display of the nobility of character to stand up in the de- fence of principles which oro held bv the vast majority of those around UB, but it does requiro both these qualities to main- tain views which expose us to very general opposition and hostility. From the remarks which fell from Captain Towns at the first cotton meeting, it was evident that that gentloman was of opinion that the people bad got too much power into their own hands, and that capital did not command the influence in this colony to which it was entitled. Now, we must say that we wero astonished at a sensible man, such as Mr. Towns seems to be, j talkiug in such a way. He must know that mere money has a vast influence here, as well as in other countries-a much greater influence, indeed, than it is entitled to. This we have all along maintained, and we aro astonished that any one, who knows the real state of affairs in these colonies, can make an opposite assertion. Where, we would ask, are tho proofs of property not commanding its legitimate influence, and something more? We confess we luve, after many years rcsidonco in Australia, boen unable to discover such proof; but perhaps they are like the ghosts, which were said to appear in the days of our forefathers they showed themselves only to certain in- dividuals. As we have already said, it does not ap- pear to be necessary to bring over colored races to rear cotton in Australia; but if the resources of the country cannot be developed except by the introduction of colored labor, then wo agree with Mr. Towns in thinking that either he or any other capitalist has a perfect right to introduce that labor, if it so please him. Wo have.no faith at all in tbo placing of vexatious restric- tions on articles of commerce, and wo have just as little faith in placing restrictions and taxes upon immigration. Mr. Towns is perfectly right in saying that it would be impossible to introduce a system of slavery into British soil, and wo have no apprehen- sions of any great evils resulting from his introduction of the " three races" which he speaks of, into his proposed cotton planta-, tion. There appears to be no necessity for his introducing thete races, however, and we think, if he will look about him, he will be able to procure the services of true-born Britons at the half of a pound, or fifteen shil- lings a day, and even at much less. Without entering further into the question of cheap labor or dear labor, we have much satisfaction in thinking that there is at length a strong probability, nay, almost a certainty, of the cultivation of cotton being introduced into the colony upon a large scale, and of the practicability of the introduction of the raw material being thoroughly tested. Should this effort be successful, the benefits which will result from it to the country will be in- calculable, and increased population and wealth will follow io its train. THE TELEGRAPH.-The inspector, and Mr. Faviell, the contractor for the line of telegraph between Grafton and Tenterfield, arrived on Friday night per steamer, bringing with them a quantity of wire and other material. Mr. Faviell has already inspected a portion of the intended line, and will return to Sydney on Wednesday morning, to complete his arrangements, after which he intends at once to commence the work, first at the Grafton end, and so soon as that is fairly started, he will employ a gang of men to meet it from the Tenterfield end. We have now some hope that before the end of the year we shall be enabled to give our readers telegrams of the most important items of Sydney news up to the time of publication. There is, however, one matter that demands notice. The government have determined to run counter to the wishes of the inhabitants of this district, by carrying the wire along the old road, despite the ad- vantages of the now line, as pointed out in our issue of 18th February ; to say nothing of a great saving in the distance. We trust our member will see to this forthwith, and not suffer quietly such an unnecessary waste of public money.- Grafton Examiner. 