FIRST COMMUNION AND CONFIRMA TION AT ST. MARY'S. ? l Last Sunday having been fixed upon by his- ' Grace for the children attending St. Mary's to make their first Communion and receive Confir ' mation, the nuns of the Good Shepherd and the- ' ' members of the Christian Doctrine Society under ( the direction of Father Dillon, th-r chaplain of the society, had been daily engaged in instructing those who were preparing for these sacraments. For some days immediately preceeding last Sun day the children assembled each afternoon in the-.. ..:.? ' church, some to prepare for confession and others to bo taught their catechism, On Sunday morning they all assembled in ' the Seminary, where thev prenared thumsnivna.. / , to attend the eight o'clock Mass. Immediately ,. I on the termination of the seven o'clock Mass a. , procession was formed, the girls first and then j the bo3|s. two and two. They proceeded in this | order singing the hytns appropriate to the occa- i I sion and then took their seats, the girls in front I of the altar and the boys under the northern j gallery. When all were in their seats his Grace commenced Mass, during which the Rev. Father Dillon read aloud the prayers before Communion.. . At the Domine von sum dignus the girls, with raised veils, knelt at the Communion rails, and the Archbishop, turning round with the Sacred Host, repeated some short prayers of love to our Blessed Lord in the Sacrament of the Eucharist and of contrition for their sins, with words of confidence and humility. After the girls had received, the boys ap proached and also partook of the Bread of Life. After all had approached the Rev. Father - Dillon again read the Prayers after Com munion, which were concluded by the sinking of that beautiful hymn— 'Jesus, gentle Saviour.' A procession was again formed ; and they re turned in the same manner to the Seminary where a splendid breakfast had been provided for them, through the exersions of Father DiJlon and_ the members of the Christian Doctrine Society. At the end of the room was a raised platform, where his Grace, the clergy, and a few lay persons who had been .invited partook of breakfast. The room was also tastefully decorated with evergreens j and on the tables ' were handsome bouquets. Mr. Mullins of the iinu uj. Alexander Moore and (Jo., kindly sup plied them with all the necessary crockery and cutlery, besides some very handsome vases and ' epergne3. He also lent a piano, upon which a lady performed some hymns during the break fast. The greatest credit is doe to those members of the Christian Doctrine Society who had the getting up of the affair. During the. interval between the breakfast and the e79ven o clock Mass, the girls, under the charge of tho. Nuns, promenaded the garden, and tho boys the space of ground around vthe Seminary.- They then formed into procession again, and proceeded to the Cathedral for Confirmation. At eleven o'clock Mass the Sacrament of Con- ' firmation was administered by the Arch bishop lo the children who had made their first Communion in the morning, as well as to a laro-e number of adults. The candidates for Confirma tion occupied a large portion of the transept of the cathedral, the girls and women having the three centre blocks of seats immediately in front of ^rie- ''?' ''? Altar allotted to them, and the boys and men those under the north gallery. At eleven o'clock the Archbishop, attended by his Deacon and sub-Deaeon, Father ' Athy and ' Rev. J Byrne, and preceded by the Vary Rev. ' ; Dean Simmer, by whom Mass was celebrated. Very Rev S, A. Sheehy, Father John Dwyer, . ? father Dillon, entered the church and took his ac customed place on the gospel side of the Altar As the tune occupied in the administration. -of the Sacrament of Confirmation to so large a number of persons, would extend considerably beyond that usually occupied by the ordinary service, there was no High Mass, nor the usual choral service, but Low Mass was said bj theVery Rev. Dean Surnner, and as the Archbishop was about to address the candidates tor Confirmation both before and after the adminis nation of the Sacrament, no sermon was preached At the conclusion of M,ss the Archbishop ac companied by his Deason and sub- Deacon, took his *ea- ; on a fald stool hi front of the Altar, and pro. ceeded to address those whom he was about to con firm on ihe nature of the Sacrament they weie . rfoing to receive. Our Lord assured us that he was the way, the truth, and the life, an expression which opened to Christians the obligations they were under ot becoming his followers, and informed them of the ' means of Heading in the footsteps of God made man. If they wished to imitate him they must walk in his footsteps, and unite themselves to him- : selt. Jiy the sm of our fitst parents it became ne cessary that the Sun of justice should make himself . '. - manifest to man, and as error before urevailed in thp world so truth ought to prevail now. Our Lord had established his Church, and had sent down the spirit of truth to guide it in all truth, and in a certain sense Jesus Ctirist and his Church were one and the same, for he brought truth to men to enable them to fulfil th-.ir duties in this worl i and grateful ought they to be that ih-sy have beea chosBii members of the Catholic Church, of which , lie is ihe head. They were members of that inys iip.1. body of which Je^us Christ was the head, ' through wSiich they obtained that knowledge of the ' truth so necESsary for their state of being. Our ; Lord had said he that hea:eth you heaieth me ? and whaiever knowledge of Mipenutural tilings was* - ? .mdde; kuuwii to them, was. eoinmuiiicated'by Jesus ' ' '','' Uhi.86 through his Cuurch. He became the 'light' ' '' '' ' : of their life, and had instituted the Sacraments as' v ' ' ' -cnannols-uf grace by whicii his merits coujd beap-, -i;., '^ plied to ihefcaimlsv -tnd ?thVSacraiiieais o'bialned all ' meir foicu and efficacy by the shedding of his bloud upon the cross. As the Saerauitni. of Baptism gave them spiritual life and strength to fulfil those duties which they could not perform of themselves, SO the other Sacrament perfected what Baptism had begun.. Confirmation brought to maturity graces given in t^e Sacrament of Baptism. The Blessed Eucharist fed them with the blood of eternal life. By the Sacrament of Penance all the diseases of the soul were remedierl, Matrimony enabled tho.ee who received it to bring up their children in the fear and love of God. By Holy Orders the priesthood was estab lished according to the order of Melchisidecb, and hy Extreme Unction men were strengthened to in their passage from this world into the next. Amongst these Sacraments Confirmation confirmed or strengthened them in those good dispositions which they received in the Sacrament ofBaptisin, and made them strong and perfect Christians and soldiers of Jesus Christ. By its efficacy they would be en lightened as the Apostles were whe- the spirit of God descended upon them in tongues of fire, and , they would be strengthened to fulfil their duties Tinder circumstances the most arduous ; and as by Baptism i hey were made children of God and heirs of the kingdom of Heaven, so by the Sacra ment of Confirmation the Holy Ghost bestowed his sevenfold gifts upon them. St. Paul alluded to the Sacrament of Confirmation in his epistle to the Corinthians, where he spoke of God sealing and. a Hointing then, and sending his holy Spirit into their hearts; but the writings of the Holy Fathers, and the traditions of the first ages were quite sufficient to prove that the .Sacrament of Confirmation had been instituted by Christ. Ey the wisdom of their clear Lord they had been provided with ample means of gTac?, they were enabled to fulfil their duties as Christians in all the circumstances of life. The nature of the obligations they incurred by the Sacrament ot Confirmation were the same as in Baptism, and were illustrated by the ceremonies which their Holy Mother the Church bad ap pointed to be used in its administration. The standard of the cross was the standard of Jesus Christ, by it his disciples were known, asd they re ceived it on their foreheads to signify that they were not ashamed of the cross of Christ, that they were re consecrated to him by a higher degree of sanctification. By the administration of the chrism on their foreheads they became temples of the Holy Spirit, to which' iniquity should never approach, anil by the blow on the cheek they were reminded to bear all the reproaches and contumelies of the world, and to possess their souls in peace — a peace that passed all understanding The Archbishop then repeated the hymn — ' Come Holy Ghost, send down those bef-ms,' after which he proceeded to the administration of the Sacrament in the usual form, the girls and women advancing first to the feet of the Archbishop, and the boys and nen following. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the Arch bishop, in a loud voice, Srtid the ' Creed,' the *' Our Father,' and the ' Hail, Mary,' which were repeated by all those who had received Confirma tion. The Archbishop then spated himself on the. fald-stool, and addressed those who had been Con firmed on the solemn obligations they had taken upon themselves by the reception of the Sacrament. Confirmation was one of the three Sactarrtnts which fixed on the soul an indelible character. As by Baptism they were made Christians and admitted into the Church, so by Confirmation they became ., soioiers 01 oesus innsi, in virtue 01 wmen me eject of God were distinguished by a special title o! honour. They could not serve two masters : the) could not be servants of Jesus Christ and follow tht maxims of the world. Before they received Baptism, tlvsy had renounced the world, the flesh, and the Devil; and that comprised the principal part of the duty of a Christian. They must not love the world, nor the things of the world. The life of the world consisted in the indulgence of the concupiscer.ee of the flesh, the concupiscence of tht eye, and the pride of life, and of every vicious in clination that could gratify our corrupt nature. Prom the temptations of this world they must separate themselves, as being more dangeroua than all the persecutions of the early ages, and requiring more courage to resisc than it did to bear torments. They must not fix theii affec.ions on thi. world; they must not go tot hose places where the world holds its court, and fey entering which they feel that they are in danger of com mitt ng an offence, against God. Let them act in such a way as in thosa ages which distin guished the Christian from the Pagan world, when thousands fled away from the temptations oi the world into the desert, and renounced all the advantage of their luxurious position, And in this city also there was great danger to the soul of tin Christian: how many were there who frequented the theatre and other dangerous places of amuse ment, where no person who valued the purity of his soul would venture to frequent ? This city became daily more and mo-e profligate; and how many pareuts took their children to places of public resort fatal to their innocence 1 — =»nd thus ex posing generation after generation to be immolated on the altar of Satan. The way of the Christian Was not the way of the world, which did not agree wiih the peculiarity of the Christian character. 'Persons went to some places to feed their pride and 'Vanity, and clothed in a style that every Christian muBt regret. Let it not be said that Christian modtsty should be sacrificedt to Vanity, for if it were, a time would come which would cover them with confusion. Especially did those who shamefully neglect their duty, by en couraging the vanity of their children, deprived them of their modesty and maidenly reserve. There had been a great change for the worse in the colony during the last twenty-seven years, and he would in some things prefer that time during the humble state of the colony, when they had to attend upon the prisoners, to the present aye of prettndtd liberty, progress, and civilisation. They were Christians, and he hoped they would follow the example of their Blessed lord, and that they would set an example to otheis ©^Christian modesty and Christian reserve, so that it Jnight he said of them as he had heard it said of the inhabitants of a great city in Europe,' that .even' in a ball room Catholic women could be distinguished oy their modes y of dreas and behaviour. But if they were not restrained in their vauity by .their Jparent8 his instri.ciion» would be in vain. To parents he would say, certainly, set a good example to your children, do not give way to temper, take care that nothing; you do is unworthy the character of Christian purity and holiness. Let them assemble their families for morning and evening prayer, or at least once a day, and implore the Divine . blessing. Let them persist in earnest prayer, in recollection of self, and the frequenting of the Sacraments. If evil entered their souls let them remember that their Angel guardian was near fhe», that the Blessed Virgin Mary watched over them. Let them set an example of holy Christian life by separating themselves from the world. Let them bring others to the knowledge of the truth by their edifying demeanour. Let them remember that they who instructed others unto justice shall shine like stars to all eternity, and example was the best means of bringing others to the faith and knowledge of JesusChrist. The Archbishop then gave his' blessing and the service concluded. In the afternoon after vespers those who had been sonfirmed in the morning made a renewal of their baptismal vows which was preceded1 by an address fiotn the Archbishop on the nature and obligations i)f baptism. Many among them had that day hid the happiness of communicating for the first time, on that day Jesus Christ had come into their souls to prf pare them for the coming of the Holy Ghost so that his presence might become permanent, and on that day it became their duty to renew their baptismal vows. They had become children of God engaged to w°ge continual warfare against their natural inclinations and out of gratitude they ought to renew the sacred promises made at baptism. By bap ism they contracted obligations and were raised far above any gifts of nature, however excel lent. By baptism not only had they received spi ritual lite but they had become children of God, heirs of eternal life and co-heirs with Christ. St. Petpr spoke of those who had received baprism as a royal priesthood who continually offered sacrifice by keeping their passions under restraint. By bap tism they become temples of the living God, and as in that temple consecrated to God Jesus Chris: reposed day and night to be the food of his faithful people, so by baptism they become temples of the living God sanctified by the immediate presence of Jesus Christ. The expression made use of by St. Paul in the epistle to the Epheshns 'you are the temples of God,' expresses the conduct of a Christian life, so that as thfa construction of the material temple was simple at first until in its pro gress it received the highest development of beauty, so by frequenting the sacraments they would beco-ne every day more grorious until the reception of Holy Communion for the last time was a consummation of the woik. Tbe titles of excellence they had that day received imposed upon them the obligation to lead holy lives, how unbecoming then would it. be ro prostrate themselves before the miserable world ami to receive its smiles, let them place an abyss between it and them. The Holy Spirit had that day filled them with his sevenfold gifts, let them then prepare to renew their baptismal vows and to_ renounce again the devil the world and ths flesh. Let them not be seen in any place where they would be ashamed that a priest should see them. Let them not worship the world, let them keep to their baptismal engagements and place their consolation in goicg aoout doing good They would find consolation and joy in fulfilling the duties of religion and restraining their appetites, let them never enter'those places which were the tem ples of Satan where Moloch was worshipped by the murder of thousands of innocents. Trusting if the grace of God and the protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary let them. become children of Mary, what a happiness it would be to her to say, these are my children Fulfil the precepts of my son Jesus Christ and I will obtain grace for you and strength by which you will be enabled to persevere unto the end.' By the direction of the Archbishop all those who had then been confirmed then rose and raising their right hand repeated their baptismal vows after him. The ceremony was a very solemn and touching one ini'. many of those who took part in ic were deeply affjeted. The service terminated by the Arch bishop giving his blessing. Grand Baza.au at Aealuen.— Saturday last waa quite a gala day at the Araluen in consequence of the general gathering of the inhabitants at the Grand Bazaar held in aid of the Building Fund of St. Bede's Church, Braid wood, and we are happy to say, although a considerable quantity of goods remained undisposed of at the close of the Fancy Fair, that the purcha3es were pretty extensive, and 'hat the fair vendors have earned the proud satis faction of knowing that their labour of love will be largely instrumental in the iorwarding of the grand object in view, and the realization of the earnest wish of their esteemed pastor, the Rev. E. O'Brien. The proceeds were, we understand, considerably over £100. The ladies who praise worthily exerted themselves in effecting sales of the handsome and elegant collection of goods offered, and which comprised several cases of articles recently imported ex Colonial Empire, from Europe, and in making the tasteful prepara tions for 'the fair,'' were the Misses Greenwood, Miss Maher, Misses Qilligan, and Mies Winifred Hickey, of the Araluen, and the Misses Barrett and Hickey of Reidsdale. The Bazaar, which was held*b Mr. Greenwood's, was crowded throughout the day aad as a natural persons for an object so praiseworthy, various rational amusements includ ing improvisated efforts to promote hurmony by the aid of the fiddle, the tambourine, and the banjo, wefs got up to relieve any approach to monotony during the day. It is not improbable, that tha reminiscenses. of a day bo happily and profitably spent, will induce the continuance of the Bazaar at a future period, and we think it rua's upon ths fiat of the ladieB, who in this res port, us is their prescriptive right on amove im portant occa.ion, are privileged—*' to name the nappy day.'— JBraidwood Observer. . . ? T tie Rev] J. Kelly, deacon, who had been ordained for the mission in this diocese, arrived in Svdney by the Yarra Yarra from Brisbane on Thursday. 