NEWS AND NOTES. On Friday forenoon, the body of a man was found in an old shaft or water-hole near the late Monte Christo Company's claim, little Bendigo. Some Chinese had been working in the vicinity of the place where the body was discovered, and had aban- doned the ground some weeks ago; they returned to work it on Friday morning, and found the body as described. The deceased is said to be about forty years of age, five feet seven or eight inches in height, with large sandy whiskers and moustache, bald on the top of the head, dark complexion, broad face, short nose, and of stout build. He was dressed in black cloth trowsers, plaid necktie, white shirt, blucher boots, and had a gold ring on one of the fingers, but was without a coat. On the head is a severe scalp wound, and on the left temple a wound or fracture of several inches in extent. About three weeks ago some Chinese found a coat in the loca- lity containing letters addressed to "Thomas Firth," and also a memorandum book, in which were papers and letters; one of the letters was addressed to the "Rev. Dr Bleasdale, St. Patrick's College, Melbourne." The deceased was evidently a plasterer, and had several agreements for work of this kind in the memorandum book. He had also a letter in his possession, written by a female, who signed her self "your friend, Maggie," in which she expressed the hope "that he still kept the pledge." Several contracts for plasterer's work performed in Colling- wood were also found in the pockets of the coat. From the severe marks on the skull it is conjectured that he must have been murdered, or else have fallen down the shaft; but the latter hypothesis is considered untenable, seeing that the coat was found some distance from the place where the body was lying. The deceased must have been dead some weeks, judging from the decomposed state of the body. An inquest will be held on it this day. We have seldom seen the dreadful effects of habitual intemperance so markedly shown as in a case which has recently come under our notice. Most of our readers resident in Ballarat will remem- ber a remarkably tall German, who got his living by collecting bottles and selling them to the publicans, and who might have been seen for some years past perambulating the town with a sack over his shoul- der. His gait and countenance at once showed him to be a confirmed drunkard, and his dress was suffi- cient evidence that he was in a state bordering on poverty, but few would ever have suspected that this man was highly educated, and was known amongst his countrymen for his accurate knowledge of historical facts, the elegance of his language, and the general information he possessed. Yet such was the case. This, poor, broken-down bottle-collector would at times keep a whole room-full of persons entertained hy his conversation, and if he had not the respect of his fellow countrymen for his conduct, he at least won their admiration by his attainments. This man died in the Benevolent Asylum on Mon- day last of inflammation of the liver and lungs, brought on by the excessive use of ardent spirits. His name was Johann Christian Gustav Lange, and he was a native of Lubeck. In his better days he occupied a highly honorable position, and had the title of Gros- herzoglich Mecklenburgischer Comerzien Rath, that is, member of the Board of Commerce of the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg. He was at one time possessed of property in Lubeck and Magde- burg, but when he died had only 1s 6d in his posses- sion. For some time he received £1 per week from Germany, but no money has been sent during the last twelve months, and he sunk lower and lower till he died in a public charitable institution, thus adding one more to the long list of men who, endowed with fine faculties and well educated, have not been able to keep themselves from that degrading vice, which ultimately has led them to an early death. Some money is stated to be in the hands of Messrs Tondeur, Lempriere and Co., of Melbourne, to the deceased's credit, for which the Secretary of the Benevolent Asylum has made application. We have received a lithographed map of the agri- cultural area of Bally Burke, which contains the parishes of Enuc and Nanimia, and is situate in the county of Ripon. The area contains 22,307 acres, and will, we presume, shortly be proclaimed open for selection. Sergeant Larner, with the permission of his officers, has succeeded in collecting about £20 for the Lancashire Relief Fund. For two hours was the police magistrate engaged at the Eastern Police Court on Friday, in investiga- ting a charge of aggravated assault, brought by a man named McInerney against one Michael Farrell. The litigants are residents of Warrenheip and it appeared that the prosecutor, under the Goven- ment regulations, had brought out his father, sisters, brothers, and a host of cousins from Ireland. When on the way to Warrenheip the defendant and a per- son named Murphy met them with two lanterns to guide them home. Some disparaging remarks were made by the defendant respecting McInerney, where- upon he ran after his traducer with a whip, when Farrell turned on his assailant and struck him with the bottle which served as a lantern, about the head and face, and wounded him in such a manner as (according to the medical testimony) to endanger his life. Several witnesses were examined on both sides, and the antiquated appearance of the father of the prosecutor, as he appeared in the witness box, dressed in knee-breeches and hose, combined with the manner in which he gave his evidence, created some amusement in Court. The accused was com- mitted for trial. We stated a few days ago that Mr George Black was likely to receive the appointment of secretary to the Gold Fields Commission, and we can now an- nounce that he has been officially informed of his appointment. Our correspondent writes :—" The installation of the W.M. elect of the Creswick Havilah Lodge, No. 1101 E.C., took place on Thursday evening in the Lodge Room at the American Hotel. The ceremony was conducted by Br. P.M. Steinfeld, assisted by Brs. Francis and Fisher, P.M.s of the Havilah Lodge. Br. Steinfeld, in a very impressive speech, adverted to the pride he felt in finding the Havilah Lodge, which he had founded, conducted in a manner that left it second to none in the colony, and the pleasure he had in placing Br. Roycraft in the chair Br. John Fisher, the immediate P.M., was presented by the W.M. with a valuable masonic jewel weigh- ing nearly 2½oz., manufactured out of colonial gold by Br. Gasser, of Ballarat, as a mark of the esteem in which he was held by the members of the Lodge for his zeal and ability. The presentation was accompanied by a very flattering address, which was responded to in a suitable manner. The follow- ing officers were then invested :- S.W., Br. W. H Ayres; J.W., Br. J.S. Cheney; Treasurer, Br. AEneas McLeod; Secretery, Br. Joseph Reed; S.D., Br. W. B. Lees; J.D., Br. Charles Leow; I.G, Br. John M. Davis; S.S., Br. George Moore; J.S., Br. Mawdsley; Tyler, Br. John Tait. Br. Fisher was unanimously chosen to represent the Lodge at the Board of Bene- volence and General Purposes in connection with the Provincial Grand Lodge. The masonic ball, held on the same evening at the American Hotel, was a great success, for although the weather prevented many visitors from a distance from attending, still about 40 couple were present, composed of the youth, beauty, and fashion of Creswick. The ball- room was decorated in a very appropriate manner, and the supper was in the style for which Host Anthony is so famous, no expense having been spared in procuring luxuries to tempt the most fas- tidious. The dancing was kept up till a late hour on Friday morning. It appears that the Lachlan is destined to surpass even Ballarat in ingenious contrivances for over- coming the difficulty of sinking when a large body of water is met with. Mr J. Renny, a former resi- dent in Ballarat, writes from Forbes as follows:- "A novelty in mining has taken place here this week, on the Victoria Lead. In sinking through the drift in one of the claims, a man goes down in a diving suit in the water and sends up the drift sand, and the boxes follow downwards. In the shaft he has been down there is about 15 feet of water. I have seen him at work. He has got a water-tight suit and a helmet on his head, attached to which is a tube from an air-pump on the surface. He can stop down any length of time and comes up quite dry. The whole suit and pump cost, I hear, in Sydney, £290, and are the property of one individual. He receives so much for putting the boxes down to clay." A correspondent sends us the following:—The Rev. J. G. Paton held a missionary meeting at the Presbyterian Church, Learmonth, on Thursday last. The weather being cold and stormy, and the roads in a perfect quagmire from the late rains, the atten- dance was comparatively small. The Rev. H. N. Wollaston was called to the chair, who opened the meeting by giving out Heber's beautiful hymn, "From Greenland's Icy Monntains," after which the Rev. Mr Stevenson, of Ercildoun, offered prayer. The rev. chairman, with a few appropriate remarks, in which he warmly advocated the cause of the mission to the New Hebrides, introduced the Rev. J. G. Paton to the meeting, who sustained the attention of his audience for two hours in giving a description of the islands where he and his fellow-missionaries are laboring, the character and habits of the people, the present state and future prospects of the mission. His description of the sufferings and trials of his brother missionaries and himself were exposed-their many narrow escapes from death-the dreadful murder by the natives of the Rev. Mr Gordon and wife, at Erromango-and the deep attachment exhibited by the native Christians towards their pastors, excited the liveliest interest. He exhibited several native dresses, weapons, heathen deities, poisoned spears, &c.;, and explained their uses and manufacture. Hard indeed must that heart have been who could listen to the rev. missionary's touching and eloquent recital of the dark deeds of blood which he witnessed, and the cruel persecutions of the Christians for the Gospel's sake, without emotion or without a tear. He wound up his long, and throughout deeply interesting address, by an earnest appeal to the sympathy and Christian charity of those present on behalf of the funds of the new missionary ship. The Reverend Mr Stevenson then shortly addressed the meeting on behalf of the mission, when a collection was made, and the proceedings concluded by prayer and the benediction from the rev. chairman. The effect of the rev. missionary's address upon his audience may be best illustrated by the fact that, al- though the meeting was by no means a full one, the sum of £21 was collected towards his mission vessel. Collecting cards were also freely offered, and as freely accepted ; and by their means it is hoped a consider- able addition will be made to the above amount. A special meeting of the Municipal Council of Creswick was held on Thursday, to consider a com- munication received by Cr Fitzgerald from the Hon. Mr Rolfe, M.L.C., on the water question. Councillor Fitzgerald was directed by the Council in acknow- ledging Mr Rolfe's letter to convey to him, on behalf of the Council, their high appreciation of his services in endeavoring to hasten the settlement of the water question. The following resolution was proposed by Councillor Fitzgerald, seconded by Councillor Lees and carried- "That the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, with the concurrence of the Board of Lands and Survey, be requested to grant to this Council the Bullarook Reservoir and a quarter of a chain of land on each side of the proposed race, in place of handing over the same to a District Council, as contemplated by the new Bill, the Council being desirous of carrying out the proposed scheme of water supply at once, as the health and prosperity of this district will in a great measure depend on, it.'' A letter embodying the above resolution was directed to be written by the secretary to the Commissioner of Public Works. Innocent folk who are not learned in the art and mystery of "how not to do it," wonder why the Buninyong reservoir was made at no little expense, and then permitted to lie utterly useless. Last sum- mer that fine sheet of water lay tantalising the miners on Hiscock's reef and other places, who wanted water, and could not get leave to use that which lay idle in the reservoir. Application after ap- plication was made to the Government for permission to lead out water, but the only response obtainable was that no regulations for the letting of the water had been made. From that time to this matters have remained in the same condition. There is the water and nobody can use it. The Buninyong citi- zens or villagers can use it, but they will not, be- cause they do not want it. The miners wanted it, but could not get it, because the government had only learned "how not to do it." But this is not all. The wisdom of the government asserts itself still further. The powers that be appointed as curator of the reservoir at, say, a salary of 30s a week, and let him live in Ballarat, out of harm's way, so that when a freshet came down the gully there was nobody to open the floodgates and save the dam from danger. Ordinary people would have chosen somebody living on the spot, that the reser- voir might be likely to be looked after at critical times; but this was not the method of the govern- ment. We submit, therefore, that Mr Pope, or any gentleman desirous of a grievance to hang a speech upon, may turn his attention to this matter, and endeavor to get the reservoir turned to some useful purpose. Mr Bechervaise, of the Electric Telegraph Office, informs us that the arrival of the Royal Mail steamer will be notified to the public as usual, by the hoist- ing of the R.M. flag on the tower of Craig's Royal Hotel. This arrangement will stand good should the mail be sighted at Cape Otway or Port Phillip Heads during Sunday. The Venerable the Archdeacon of Castlemaine will preach the anniversary sermons in aid of the funds of St Stephen's Church to-morrow. On the Tuesday following a soiree will be held in the Town hall; and on Wednesday the children attending the schools in connection with the church will be treated to a gathering of a festive nature. Since the cold damp weather has set in, persons attending the Eastern Police Court have had the advantages derivable from the heat of an excellent fire, around which attorneys, solicitors, clerks, and persons of the genus nondescript, congregate and are in the habit of indulging their propensities for talk- ing to such an extent as to inconvenience the bench. This was particularly the case on Friday, when Sergeant Larner repeatedly had to exert his voice in proclaiming "Silence in court." The buzz of con- verstaion was, however, kept up, and was very audible even on the bench, as evidenced by the suggestive and very significant glances which the Police Magistrate occasionally cast at the fireside gossippers. A public meeting was held in the school-house, Windermere, on Wednesday, 6th August, for the purpose of electing a local board of management for the school, Mr D. Gunn the chair. It being decided that the board should consist of five mem- bers, the following gentlemen were duly elected, viz., W.H.G. Tucker, C. King, R. Swan, A. Charles, and D. Gunn. The chairman was requested to for- ward the names to the Board of Education, for inser- tion in the Government Gazette. The meeting of the two Councils on Friday was a very lively one. The allegations concerning the tenders for pipes and the alteration of the plans for the faucets were answered satisfactorily. It was evident that the Councils accepted the lowest ten- der, as will be seen by the amounts of the respective tenders sent in. Towards the close of the meeting the whole of the Western councillors, except Coun- cillor Hassell, left the meeting on Councillor Dyte proposing that pipes be laid down at once to convey water from Kirk's dam to the Eureka, at a cost of between £400 and £500. After the depar- ture of the dissenting councillors, the motion was agreed to, and tenders were ordered to be advertised for the pipes required. The nomination of candidates for the Buninyong Municipal Council took place yesterday, at the Crown Hotel. The retiring councillors are Messrs Bishop, Fasham, and Nettell, and they were again nominated, as also Messrs Brasher, Milligan, and Davis. The show of hands was in favor of the re- tiring candidates, and the poll will be taken to-day from 8 to 4 o'clock. It is rumored in Buninyong that a change in the chair will be proposed for the ensuing year, and Councillor Hedrick is spoken of as likely to win the suffrages of his colleagues for the honor of the chairmanship. On Friday, at the Ballarat District Hospital, Dr Clendinning held an inquest on the remains of Michael Devany, who according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, died on the 4th instant in the said Hospital, death arising from natural causes being caused by general inflammation of the tongue and throat causing sudden suffocation. The deceased was employed by Charles Dyer, milkman, in the beginning of July as a general servant. He seemed to be about 35 years of age, and was a native of Ireland. He enjoyed excellent health up to last Saturday, when he complained of "the teeth-ache," and went into Ballarat on that day for something to ease or cure his teeth. He could not eat any meat when he returned home that afternoon. On Sunday he got worse, could not speak, and was in great agony. The deceased was ultimately removed to the Hospital on the Monday. Mr W. P. Whitcombe, House Sur- geon, stated in his evidence that on the arrival of the patient he and Dr Hillas examined him care- fully, and concluded that he had matter forming about the root of the tongue. An incision was made. and a small quantity of matter removed. Hot fomentations and poultices were ordered. Mr Whit- combe did not see him again alive, but on making a post mortem examination, found all the throat and opening of the windpipe much inflamed and swollen. There was some matter at the root of the tongue. Death was caused by suffocation, resulting from the highly inflamed and swollen state of the opening of the windpipe. The performances at the Theatre Royal this (Saturday) evening will include "Richelieu" (with Mr Hoskins as the Cardinal, and Miss Lockhart as Julie de Mortemar), and a ballet, arranged by Mr Joseph Chambers, under the title of "The Ghost of the Village." As some uncertainty is, says the Argus of Friday, felt by merchants interested in the New Zealand trade with reference to the due despatch of the in- coming mails from this port, we may state that the Omeo sails for Otago and Canterbury to-morrow, the 9th inst., and should the Northam, with the En- glish June mails, reach the bay by the afternoon, the New Zealand mails will be carried forward by the Omeo. Should the Northam arrive later, the mails will be despatched by the Gothenburg, which will be despatched on the 11th inst., to bring up the New Zealand mails for England ; and should the Gothenberg be compelled to sail before the arrival of the Northam, the mails will be carried down by the Aldinga, which will then have arrived, should no accident occur to interrupt the arrangements. At the inquest held on the body of James Pulling, who was shot by Henry Llewellyn Bignell, at De- vonshire Gully, Bendigo, the jury were, says the Advertiser, unanimous in their verdict, and that, too, by a somewhat novel expedient, they having agreed that, in order to avoid argument between themselves, each one should write his verdict on a piece of paper, which were put in a hat, and the result was unani- mons in pronouncing him guilty of wilful murder. The Argus says- "Even though it is so long since we heard of the melancholy result of the Burke and Wills Expedition, any small facts, however distantly connected with the leader of that party, are still in- teresting. We were shown, on Thursday, a letter from Mr Richard Mayne, the Chief Commissioner of Police in London, in reply to one sent by Mr T.F. Alexander, of the detective force in Melbourne, acknowledging the receipt of a likeness of Mr Burke forwarded by him to the head office in London, and stating that the same would, be placed in the large library owned by the A division of the London police. This fact is another proof of how, in the mother country, the self-sacrifice of Burke and his comrades has been recognised. In the course of the proceedings at a recent meeting of the Collingwood Gold Mining Company, the chairman announced that he had received a letter from Mr Booth, Town Clerk of East Collingwood stating that he had in his possession two fine speci- mens of quartz and gold, one of which was obtained by Mr Cox, some seven years ago, while digging a well near Sackville-street, about 100 yards west of Hoddle street; and the other by Andrew Martin, a contractor, on Monday last, while excavating gravel in the municipal reserve, Studley Park. [The specimens were afterwards produced. That from Sackville- street was said to have been found at about fifteen feet from the surface.] The following state- ment also appeared in Mr Booth's letter:— "Having heard that Mr Hunter, fellmonger, had obtained a specimen from the banks of the Yarra, near Victoria crescent, I went to inquire respecting it, but failed to see him. His son, however, informed me that he had seen boys nuggeting small pieces of gold from the banks of the river when the water was low; a boy on one occasion obtaining a quantity, which he sold for 14s." 