TltE PASTORAL OF ROMAN CATHOLIC i v .. .;? . : BISHOPS. The ; following, is from a pastoral. addresB from the' Roman Catholic .Aiehbi^hop and tho threo Bishops of Australia :—,. ( , . ' One subject about which, we are most anxioiiB that you should be rightly informed and steadfast in your Catholic principles, is that of the public education of your children, and especially of the ciuioren oi uie poor.: xc is eyiaeni taai aciempps. areibeing made to 'wrest from ub our libeity of conscience in this matter, to curtail the freedom, in which we have been able to train our children in secular learning, quickened by Catholic faith, and guarded by Catholic discipline, in order to submit 'them -to'tho fettersof what is called National Education. ThiB: is: a nianifesc Hiis »omer. The so-called National Education, sr Board of General Education, is in' truth Bectarian, for it is at variance with, the religious feelings of Catholics, that is, a large body :o'f, the1 population, equal to. one-fourth -or even one third of the nation — if we may uae the term— -srnd it is a persecuting sectarianiBrri, since ? it would compel Catholics, to accept; a system vitally de fective, however accepted by nonrCatholics, who have, of cottrse, neither fear nor sense of Eucli de nciericy. Catholics do not believe that the educa tion of a child is like a thing of mechanism that can be put together bit by bit. Now a morGel of . instruction on religion, and then of instruction in secular learning— separate parcels with as little reciprocal action, «b nave two bookB on the shelves of a library. 'We hold, that subjects taught, the teacher and his faith, the rule and practices of the school day ,— all combine to produce the result which we catholics consider to be education, and that this desirable result cannot be looked for without such combined action. The' system to which we have adverted, seems to consider the child as a receiving machine, and the teacher as an imparting machine, and that here their relations end. It is not so ; the human being teaching will, by reason of his religious faith and other qualities, influence the i human being taught ;, the day with it3wcvkand devotions, arranged on a plan con sistent throughout with our faith, will mould one form of character, the day not, so arranged will produce quite another j there is in the system we deprecate no ?unity, no, consistency. It is not only defective, it is Dorrupting and diesipating, end therefore for xeosons obvious to every wellin formed Catholic, we must have for our children Catholic schools, Catholic teachers, and, as fast as we can supply them, Catholic books. Do not be seduced out of/this.- determination by promises of superior' learning for your children ! The promises are vain ; our own schools can and shall Bupply all that Catholic 'children could obtain elsewhere. Make your deter mination known, see that your represen tatives in Parliament are 'duly impressed with it, and choose only those who will respect your religious rights and liberties in this most vital point. Be not influenced by plausible state ments and appeals to a false liberality;. Catholics must secure for their children, above all thingR, a religious education, and in a matter of bo much importance they inuot not risk hazardous 'expariuiente. Their children may and must in school breathe a Catholic atmosphere. It would be as wise to take away one ef the constituent elements of common air, and think to maintain the health and vigor of human beings, living in that unnatural medium, by restoring after w'ardB the withdrawn elements, as to1 make up a Catholic education for ohildren by adding at one time the religion which has been scrupu lously banished at another. If you* grow a flower in cold and darkness one half the day, no arbitrary amount of light and heat afterwards will produce a plant of the vigor and beauty proper to its kind. ? Tho Divorce Bill, which has, unhappily, passed into law in some of the colonies, and which haa been so odiously pressed upon tho Legislatures of tho othor colonies during the present session, has naturally drawn our attention afresh to the evils of mixed marriages. This measure adds, you will observe) materially to those evils, inasmuch, as it allows, by human law, a separation which the Cathelio believes ia not allowable by the Divine latv, and so exposes tho Catholic party to bo left bound as long as the non- Catholic party, who may choose to form othor ties, ehaU live. Let this added mischief, dearly beloved, prevail upon you to renew your aversion f.nd watchfulness against mixed marriages. You know how the Church treats them, how she tolerates them only as an inevitable e*il, hew she stands by at such a marriage, ' sad, and as : it mourning. No; holy,, all grace procuring mass celebrated ; no solemn nuptial blessing, with uplifted hands, pronounced by the priest ofr God. It cannot be that young people, properly trained in affectionate allegiance to Holy Church,' duly estimating the graces of which she is the channel, should, so lightly permit, their thoughts to rest on the be ginning of attachments that must end in a dreary prospeot atybeBt. Let the obstacle : of a different religion be frankly pronounced by parents an in Burmountable one, and the young, accustomed all their lives so to consider it, and see it bo con sidered, are in no danger of allowing themselves to be entangled. It is the .indecision and world lihees of parents that create for their children danger, and so we enreat you to contemplate again the.nullity of all earthy poaition, and ad vantages, as a compensation for the certain evils of mixed marriages. At the best, what must be the .result ??' .Husband and wife divided on the jr.ost important, the most in fluential, and pervading of all subjects! No mutual aid, no common sympathies in religion ; religion that gives dignity and safety to their union. As Catholics, you believe the married state to be a vocation, having its special trials, dangers, hopes, and to meet these, its special ?graces ; and you know it is idle to talk about each party worshipping God undisturbed, according to his or her conscience. And of the children of such marriages what can we say, even where the Catholic conditions are faithfully — as they so fre quently are not- — kept f What can you, in ordi nary prudence, except them to learn, to be ? At the best, perhaps, indifferent; born and prncti cally bred in that subtlest of the modern forms of infidelity, the notion that an essence, of all reli gions can be abstracted and secured, in abstrac tion from all positive belief,: from all sacra ment, within the receoses of a man's own breast. Dare you do this r Will your' children dare to do it; if you think, and teach them to think of it, as the danger of indifference, of practical infidelity, ought to ba thought of. What is it to tempt the goodness of God if this be not it r We do hope, dearly beloved, that thoughtlessness about consequences, more than unfaithfulness and reckless worldliness . is the cause of so many of these deplorable marriages. We must speak strongly, because we (ear greatly ; we can no. longer . maintain even an apparent silence in the piesence of a. growing, evil; we dare not see Catholics, were it to gain the whole world, divest themselves, as married' people, of great safeguards against the loss of their own and children's soul3. May you, dearly beloved, lay these thingB to heart, and may the Holy Spirit enlighten and strengthen you. . :;?. . The blessing of God, the Father, the Son, and Holy Ghost, be with you now and for ever. f; John Bebb, Archbishop of Sydney. V f Robert William, Bishop of Hobart Town. - f, James Alikus, Bishop of Melbourne. . t: James, Bishop of Brisbane. GiVjen at Melbourne, Feast of All Saints, 1862. ' 