' MeLBOURNE UNivERSITY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. I Sir, - Your nameless correspondent cannot surely belong to the present century ; he must by the ghost of some contemporary of Harvey or old Poupart, for all his ideas on medical subjects seem to date from about a couple of hundred years ago. He is, however, open to conviction, for he this day retreats from all the positions h i has hitherto maintained, gracefully admitting that things must have changed since his time ; which is very certainly the case, But the rear of the seventeenth century still crops out (as the geologists say in all he writes, for he now attacks the unlucky apothe- caries, and thinks I cannot be serious when I compare the residence necessary for the Apothecaries' Hall licence with that required for an English university degree. Poor man, he is wandering back to the time when physicians wore the wings and carried gold- headed canes, and were the only members of the medical profession who received a complete education ; when Mr. A. the I apothecary made up the doctor's prescription, and Mr. B the surgeon capped and bled under his direction, but were competent to do no more. I Now, happily for the public, all branches of the profession receive the same education. Brown, the embryo physician, and Jones, the future apothecary, sit on the same form in the class- room, receive the same teaching at the hospital, and dissect the same subject; and when they have finished their terms, Brown is examined at some ' university and comes out M.D., and Jones at the "hall" and "college" on the same subjects, whence he emerges a full-blown apothecary, I or, more politely, general practitioner. Why do I they do so ? Is it that Brown is a man of greater 1 acquirements or talent than Jones? Certainly I not for out of a hundred fellow students of the same year, the future apothecaries are often the men who carry off the scholarships and the prizes the men who are the most diligent at the hospital, and the chief speakers in the debating club. It is in all probability because Brown has money enough to enable him to take a flat and a front door in a West-end house, and wait for practice for a few years, while Jones has nothing but his brains, or the introduction to his father's general practice. In short, the education of the highest and the lowest rank of the profession in England is now the same- Such are the advances of modern civilization ; BO pray let my antique friend disabuse his mind of the bugbear of " university residence which seems to haunt him; it is not necessary for the best and commonest English university degrees those of the University of London-and exists only at Cambridge and Oxford, which really can- not be taken into consideration as places of medical education, so few are the graduations there. But let us suppose for a moment that Brown's father is foolish enough to send his son to Cambridge for his medical education. He enters at China, of course, and spends five mortal terms, eighteen months of the most precious time of his lite-that golden Reason between youth and manhood, short and fleeting, never to return when those principles which are to guide him in the practice of his profession are most easily learnt, and most surely retained, in what the study of disease by the bedside-of anatomy by the dead body of Chemistry in the laboratory ? Oh, dear no. His time is entirely occupied with co in sections and the Greek particle in the class room, subjects which he ought to have learnt and have done with at school. At the end of his first five I terms, with his mind diverted from all medical subjects, and the first edge of his appetite for study having passed off, poor Brown begins to attend the medical lectures (or rather conversa- tions, for so few are his fellow students that they cannot by any stretch of the imagination be called a class of some Road gentleman who is a capital hand at the "calculi" (I mean in a mathematical, not a medical sense or would write you off " Sally in our Alley" in Greek rambles in less than no time, but who has never been heard of in connexion with medical science beyond the precincts of his own university. In due time Brown graduates, which is easy enough, if he is strong on his comic sections and his Greek plays. This is quite an event in the university, and he duly appears in next week's J lancet, or possibly in The Times, in the solitary grandeur of his own separate paragraph. In the meantime, Jones is hard at work in London, in the hospitals and dissecting rooms he finished his classical and mathematical education at school-and, untrammelled by extraneous subjects, and roused to emulation by the presence of a hundred or two of fellow-students, strives hard to store his mind with that knowledge which will be so useful to him in after life. Years pass over, and Jones, after a successful and honourable career of practice, is desirous, from ill health or some other reason, to retire into the comparatively easy practice of physical he wants an M.D. degree. The University of London is out of the question, for its examination in spread over six years; Oxford and Cambridge are equally so, for they require residence, which implies absence from home. In short, Jones, however high his standing in the profession, though but talent and experience are admitted on all hands, cannot get an M.D. degree in his own country without starting from the bottom of the ladder, as if he were a young man again. The College of Physicians is open to him, but not the universities. His only resource is to go to St Andrews, where he can get an honour- able degree by a fair examination, without resi- dence Now let me ask Mr. "Anon.," why should not Jones, M.D., St. Andrews, have an equal right to sit beside Brown, M.D. Cantab., in the senate of the University of Melbourne ? Which does he think is the best representative of the medical profession ? Which man would he rather have at his wife or his child's sick bed, with life or death hanging on his treatment The one who has devoted the best years of his life to the study of his profession in the wide field of the London hospitals, or the other, whose spring-time of student life has been frittered away upon abstruse calculations, or antithesis and any means? This man, Mr. "Anon." will say, is writing under the influence of sour grapes, or of some personal animosity. Not a bit of it. I know very well that there are Cambridge physicians who have turned out first-rate practical men so much the greater credit to them. At Cambridge all my nearest relatives and friends have been educated. Had I been destined for any other profession than medicine I should have entered there myself, as a matter of course. My only object in troubling you at this length is to show that the medical graduates at the older English universities ought not/ and cannot, monopolise the representation of medicine at our infant university, both on account of the character of their education, and last, not least, because there is not, nor is there likely to be any Oxford or Cambridge medical graduate in these colonies, and only one of the University of London. What valid reason can possibly be brought forward for the limitation of honorary degrees to English graduates? Why, in the name of all that is absurd, should Edinburgh, for example. be excluded, whose graduates are some of the brightest lights of British literature and science? Suppose, for example, men like Sir Henry Holland, or the late Sir John Forbes, standing at the very top of the medical tree at home, were to visit this colony, should we not look very silly at having to confess that we could not have the honour of . enrolling their names amongst our honorary medical graduates, because we are the narrow minded exrsluaivencsa of the English universities, and exclude Scotch graduates? In them such a course is simply senile dementia. In a young university, such as ours, it would be nothing less than suicidal mania, I have said my Boy and shall not trouble you again on these matters, so in conclusion let me beg your correspondent not to occupy your valuable space by writing of matters in which a every line he exposes his ignorance of the most ordinary facts, and has compelled me to enter into particulars which would be otherwise so precious. I have the honour to be, Sir, Yours obediently, I M.D., ST. ANDREWS. P.S. It is hardly necessary to notice the attack upon the vice-chancellor, That gentleman graduated in 1846, after the reforms at St. Andrews had begun. I stated that the degrees were vor thiess thirty years ago. VIOLENT ASSAULT UPON THE POLICE MAGISTRATE, MR. M'LACHLAN. Yesterday morning, a ruffianly attack was made upon Mr. M'Lachlan, I at his own residence, by a man named Daniel McLachlan, an old man-of-war's man, residing near the Gold Mines Company's works, In Long; Gully, We understand that he came to the house on pretence of asking Mr. M'Lachlan's recommendation for the situation of municipal reserve keeper, now advertised for and finding that he was labouring under the influence of liquor, Mr. M'Lachlan ordered him away; whereupon the man who is tall and powerful, seized him, shook him, and buffeted him against the wall of the house. Fortunately Mr. Rutherford and a miner came to Mr. M'Lachlan's assistance, and with Ec me difficulty released the magistrate from his unwonted position. The prisoner was excessively i iden t, and resisted his captors for some time. He was eventually lodged in the municipal look- up.- Bendigo Advertiser, June 21. DEATH IN A DRIVE miner named Sparrow, a very old resident on Barkly Diggings, came to an untimely end on Tuesday morning. While working in his prospecting claim, near Holdsworthy slaughter-yard, the ground fell on him. No blame is attached to any of the ground having been sufficiently proposed. An inquest was held on the body to-day, and the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. The unfortunate man has left a wife and two children utterly destitute.- Ballarat Star, June 21. 