ORDINATION AT LYNDHURST. ! The ordination of the Rev. Norbert Quirk to the order of priesthood, took place^ in the chapel of St. Mary's College, Lyndhurst, at eight o'clock on the 20th ult. In consequence of the smallness of the accommodation in the chapel no visitors were present, with the exception of the immediate friends of the candidate for ordination and one or two rt t fi I3**D ? Vl t^ I- nn A I. _ __ J? ? .'_ ** ? _? u'u'° » ''-- a» me orainauon oi a pnest is not o very frequent occurrence in this colony, it may not be uninteresting to lay before our readers a short description of the ceremony. The Archbishop, accompanied* by his Deacon and sub-Deacon, Father John Dwyer and the Rev, Austin Byrne, and attended by the V-ery Rev. S. A. sion with the other clergy who were present at the ceremony, took his seat at the Gospel side of the altar, and prepared to celebrate Mass. After havin-* been tobed, he proceeded to the front of the altar and commenced Mass, the candidate standing behind him in his alb. After the Introit, he seated himself on the fald stool; immediately after which, theVen. Archdeacon M'Encroe (who was habited in a purple cope, the other priests wearing their full vestments,) rose from his place on the Epistle side of the altar and said, in Latin, with a loud voice, ' Let him ap piuauu who is aooui io De oraamea to tne Order of Priesthood.'' The usual commination was then read by the Vicar. General, after which Mass was proceeded with as far as the verse immediately be fore the Gospel. The Archdeacon then presented the candidate to the Archbishop, saying: 'Most Reverend Father, our Holy Mother the Church desires that you would raise this Deacon present to the office of the Priesthood.' The Arch, bishop then asked, 'Dost thou know that he is worthy?' The Archdeacon answered, 'As much AQ Altl* Till rV» A n *** aa l*nn#*n jkil ..«_ A. _ ' L _ 1 _ * »-. vul iiumau wt-atkueas auuws io os Known, and that I know myself, I bear witness that he is worthy of the burden of this office.' The Archbishop replied, 'Thanks be to God,' and afterwards announced the fact to the clergy and people for their approval, beseeching them, if they knew any impediment to his ordination, that they would make it known to the Archbishop. Then, turning to the candidate, he admonished him as to the nature of the office he was about to undertake, and besought him to lead a life worthy of it, and to show a good example to the people. The candidate then nm«. ttated in front of the altar during the time the Litanies of the Saints were chanted ; after which he arose and knelt at the feet of the Archbishop, who placed bis hands upon his head without saying anything; and each priest at the altar afterwards performed the same ceremony ; then the Archbishop and priests held their hands extended over him while the Archbishop, wearing his mitre repeated a prayer. The Archbishop then took off his mitre and, turning towards the ^altar he said, 'Let us pray,' the priest replied, ' Let us bend our knees,' the Archbishop, 'rise again,' and then turn ing to the candidate he prayed that God weuld send down uponhim the benedieiion of the Holy Spirit, and infuse into him the strength of sacerdotal grace,' and with his arms extended before his breast he said, 'Per omma secula seculorum,' &c;, as at the preface, and to which a prayer succeeded, com mencing in the' same manner and formed, upon the same model, as that part 'of the Mass beseeching Almighty God that he would grant the candidate the dignity 'of the priesthood, and renew in his bowels the spirit of holiness. At the conclusion of this preface the Archbishop seated himself is before, with the candidate kneeling at his feet, and. taking the stole off his left shoulder he placed that part which hangs at the back on the right shoulder _ » J3 4. ? 2 ? '??tit P »? * . ? .. _ ' auu tying u eerore ms. oreast in the foim of a cross, he said : ''Receive the yoke of the Lord ; -for the yoke is sweet indeed and his burden light.' He then invested him with the chasuble, but with, the lower pait fastened up to the shoulders, saying : ?' Receive the sacerdotal vestment by which charity is understood ;- for God is all powerful and may he increase charity into thee, and a perfect work/' The priests answered 'Amen.' The j Archbishop afterwards, without his mitre, all kn'eeling.at the same time but himself, prayed that God.'would infuse the gift of his blessing into him who was then dedicated to the priesthood. Then turning round to. the altar- and kiifieling down he commenced ; the. hymm 'Veni Creator.' After the first verse he arose,' and sitt nj on the fald-stool he annointed both hands df the candidate who knelt at his feet, saying at the. same time : 'Vouchsafe O Lord to: consecrate and sanctify these hands by this unction and our bles sing.' The Archbishop now made the sigu of the I cross, over the: candidate and proceeded :'' That lie who has been blessed1 shall be blessed, and that he. who has been consecrated and sanctified in the-name of out Loid Jesus Christ.' The candidates re plied 'Amen.' His hands were then tied with ia white linen cloth.after which the Archbishops gave him the chalice with wine and water successively; the paten placed over the top; of it with the Host, which he held betweendhe first and: middle fingers the Archbishop saying :. ' Receive the power toj offer up sacrifice to God, and to;celebrate Masses as well for the living as forjthe dead ib the name of the Lord,' ?' Amen.' The Archbishop having washed his ha'nds, proceeded, to. his former seat at the side of the altar, where, he read, the ''Munda Co. meum' and the Gospel.. At the offertory the Archbishop, ?- seated on his faldstool, received, the homage of the n^wly-ordained, who offered him a lighted candle and kissed his hand. At the cpnclu.: sion of this; ceremony, the Archbishop, rose and proceeded with the Mass., The newly-ordaiBed, kneeling down in: front of the altar, with the Missal before him, and attended by the Rev. J. H. A. Curtis, read the;: whole, of the remaining part of the Mass 'with the Archbishop, in a loud voice, even :at the consecration and othe; pafcs which are commonly said by the. pnest in secrdt. After the Communion of ,the Archbishop, the newly-ordained received the. Holy Communion-i-a Host having been specially consecrated for thai purpose, and then took the ablution in the. usual manner^ but notfrobathe chalice used by the cele brant. .A tract iwas then said ; and the;Archbishop, with; his .mitre on his; head^ ..turning towards the oewly-ordairied; priest, who.; made a profession ;of' Faith by .repeating .the ' Apostle's Creed;'! after which thef Archbishop, seated in front of the altkr, imposed his hands upon. the. head of ,the new, priest, who knelt before him, saying : ' Receive trie Holy Ghost; wbose sins you shall forgive, they are let*) »iven ;. and whose sins you shall retain^ they krff re-jine«;'r -T^en- unfa8tening' the chasuble; ; he said : 'May the Lord clothe thee with the robe' of innocence.' The Archbishop now took both his hands in his own and said : ' Dost thou promise tteand my successors reverence and obedience?' and he answered, 'I do promise.' The Arch, bishop, after a short admonition, gave hi» blessing to the newly- ordained, and then proceeded 'iiu uib ivxasH. A«er tne ' ita -Missa est,' the Archbishop again seated' himself, and addressed the new priest on the heavy responsibilities he had un dertaken, and desired him, after having said his first Mass, that he should say three others successively —one of the Holy Ghost, the second of the Blessed Virgin, and the third for the 'faithful departed, and also to pray for him (the Arch bishop.) The last Gospel was read, the newly ordained repeating it with the Archbishop in th© same manner as the other part of the Mass, which concluded the solemn and imposine ceremonv.. khif the Archbishop, accompanied by the priests and all who were present at the sanctuary, left the altarin the usual manner. ' ' '? Fathers Sheridan, Keny on, and Powell were also present in addition to the priests we have already mentioned. -; 