4 STRANGE STOR)A Forbes in his Oriential Memoirs tells the'fol lowing story. Speaking of the prevalence of Divination in India, he says: "Ghost-seers and astrologers are innumerable in India, and millions believe in their super natural powers; many wander like gipsies; but only a few Blrahmins use tile prophetic power with a certain dignity and modesty. I will give a short account of ono of these 3Brahmins as an example." To understand the following narra tive, we must here remark that at Forbes' arri val in Bombay in 1765 tlhere were three parties. At the head of one stood Spencer, at the other Crommelin; thie third was under thie leadership of Mr. Hodges, who, it was said had been de prived of the Governorship in an unjust and im proper manner. Hedges had on this aceount written a violent letter to the Governor and the council of the Company, and was, as he refused to retract' what hie had written, removed from his Governorship of Surat, recalled from Bom bay, and then dismissed from the Company's service. The Government of Bombay had then sent a report of these proceedings to Eng lnod. Forbcs continues as follows :--" this Brahmin was a young man when Hedges made his ncquain tance; He was but little known to the English, but was much celebrated among the Hindoos, at least on the West coast of india. I believe that Hedges had become acquainted with him whlen he was an English resildent in Bombay. Both became as intimate friends as the difference in religion and caste would permit. Tile Brahmin, an.upright .man, often admonished his friend neyer :to depart from the path of virtue, which would lead him tosuccess and hIonor, andti to eternal happiness. To impress this upon his mindche assured him that he would riseo from., the situation he filled in Bombay to higher posts in the Com pany's service; after that, he would b6 COelector of Tellichlerry and Shrat, and lastly Governor of Bombay. Mr.Hodges often mentioned these prophecies.to Ihis friends, but himself paid little attention to them. It was only when he grodu ally rose.to these.posts of honor that he placed m,,re.confideace in the Brahmin, particularly when he was named Collector of Surat. . When, Ihoweveer, in course of time, Spencer was naatned Governor, tntd :Hodges was dismissed from the seirvice of the Company, he sent to thie prophet, who was at;that time livingat Bulpara, a sacred village on tllebanks of thie Tappj. He went to Hodges,. and listened to the disgraceful'end of hiis hopes, and endeavors. Hodges finished by saying that hoe woulti.sail for Europe, and there fttre did not except tile brilliant fulfilmont of the Brahmin's promises. It is even said.thalt he let fall some.reproachles during the conversation, on account of these• deceitful: prophelces... 'The Brahmin listotnrd.to all withl great composure, did not: move a muscle, atd said:-' You .see that ante-chamber, and that room to which it leads; Mr. Spencer has reached thie portico, but will not:enter tihe palace-hoe hIas placed his foot on tihe threslold, but he will not enter thie house. Notwithstanding every ,nappearance.. to the contrary, you will reach the heonor and fill the elevated post,'.I have .foretold, and to which he has becn appointed. A.black cloudihangs bo fore hIim.. . \-- '!;This.surprising prophecy was soon known in Surat and Bombay; it was the tropic of con versation in evcry., society; Hodges; had, how ever, so little confidence in it, that he prepared to -commcnc his voyage home. In the mtean time, however, tile despatches have been received from Bombay, and an answer was returned- with unusual rapidity. The Court of Directors condemned Spencer's proceedings.as the Gover nor of Bengal, reversed hIis appointment to tihe Governorship of Bombay,' dismissed him from -the (ompany's service, and Hedges ,became Go vernor. "From this time the Brahmin gained the.great east influence over his mind and he undertook no thing of importance without having asked the counsrel of his friend. It is remarkable that the Brah'lsin never prophesied anything beyond the Government of Bombay; spoke of.:his re turn home; but it was well-known that he main tained 'a mysterious sildence regarding, the time after the year 1771. Hodges died suddenly in tlihe night;of.February 22, 1771." . Forbes gives a second account of the predic tiones of:thlis,lralmnin, givento a, widow.who wis mourning for her son. This prediction was literally1fultiled ::.A third is as follows :-"?A few. months .before my. return from India, a gentleman who was to fill a higli situation in Indialarded in ;Bombay with his wifce. Both were young and they hlad one child.i Hie left his wife with a friend, and went to Surat td ar range his:household; she was to followv him.in a short tinme. On the evenifig before the day she was to set: out for Surat,.the friend witl! whom she wits staying entertained a lIrgeo, company, and among others the Brahmisi. I-He introduced him.to thle company,: andi begged him in.a joke to foretell the" future of theyoung couple who had just arrived.from Europe. To the astonish moeno of: the whole company, particularly .thie young lady,:thlo Brahmnin cast:a look of pity uponher;'and said, with an impressive .pause to.the mester oftho hloise, in Hindusteo,." Her cup of happiness is full, but rapidly vanishing I a bitter draught remains for. which she. must be prepared.,. Her husband had tthen written thatdhe would be at Surat with a barque. ,He was ndt, -howrever, tmhere, and in hiis stead came one', of :my friends with thie message. that her husband was dangerously ill. When she ar lived,. he was suffering from a violent fevoer, snd:died in her arms. I returned 'in the same vessel with the widow. During the pas sage the anniversary of her husband's death took place." 