SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. "WHEW!" whistled Job Shivers, as he stood rub- bing his sloe-coloured nose against his window pane, and gazing at the cheerless prospect outside, during the height of the south-east gale, which shook the city of Sydney a short time ago, and caused the white- bearded billows to dash in terrific grandeur upon the frowning Heads and iron-bound coast with incessant boomings, like thousands of Armstrong guns. "I'd rather be a tailor than a sailor in such weather as this, muttered Job reflectively. "A snug seat on the shop-board, with my legs doubled up a-la-Turk, would be preferable to a slippery seat astride of the topsail yard, at the weather earing, or a long spell at the pumps in a leaky ship; and pro- bably a wet bunk to turn into, if I were lucky enough to have a watch below at all. Poor sailors!" sighed Job, "I strongly sympathise with you; and right glad I am that many other folks in Sydney sympathise with you too, more substantially than I can do, as the comfortable and commodious Sailors' Home, in the course of completion, and the Bethel Church, will testify. And if I could make every sailor, who enters this port, hear my voice, I would shout with all my powers,—Shipmates ahoy! square your yards, and bear up for the Bethel Church every Sabbath day that you are in harbour; and steer steadily for the Sailors' Home too, when it is ready for you, and thus show your appreciation of the kindness of those good friends who have evinced such praiseworthy solicitude for your temporal and eternal welfare." "Whew!" whistled Job Shivers again, as he shrugged his shouldeis, and thus began to apostro- phise:--"What a sombre panorama is before me, of slippery slates, mouldy shingles, rain-soaked walls, and greasy-looking church steeples. The winds are holding jubilee, and, like a multitude of maniacs, run away from their keepers, are playing ail sorts of ex- traordinary freaks; now upsetting a shaky chimney- pot, or rolling up the metal on my neighbour's house like a jam pudding, and sending a shower of dislo- cated shingles into his back-yard; then blowing their best to capsize that baker's cart at the corner yonder, and to take the hood off the doctor's cab at the same time. And then, as if savage at being foiled in their efforts, rushing fiercely through the front railings, full tilt at my windows, making them rattle castanet accompaniments to their wild discordent voluntaries, and shrieking through every crack and keyhole of my domicile, like the weird spirits of misery and mis- chief coming to finish their work. "'Tis dismally dark; the low black clouds are roll- ing overhead, like huge waves of wet soot; and the spike-like rain is forcing its way through every chink and crack, with unceremonious impetuosity, as if de- termined to expose defects, and make slovenly builders ashamed of themselves. "Most of the streets of Sydney are washed cleaner than if a hundred scavengers had been sweeping them for a month; and many cart- loads of incipient cho- lera, in the form of mud and muck, which had been seething for weeks past in sundry ill-favoured loca- lities, are now washed into the harbour, to be anon dragged to light again by the dredging machine. "Few folks are out of doors now, except doctors and milkmen, postmen and policemen, butchers' boys, and poor little shoeless girls with water-cresses. In vain are 'rare bargains' exhibited inside the drapers' doorways; and their windows, which often display so much taste and order in the arrangement of the 'latest novelties,' and which are usually as attractive to the admiring 'fair ones' as toffee-shops to little boys, are now powerless to extort more than the mere passing glances of a few dripping pedestrians. "Customers for drapery wares are very scarce to- day, and yard sticks are as useless as greasy fiddle- bows. Some masters look lachrymose and fidgetty as they occasionally reflect on their heavy expenses, the total stoppage of trade, and the approaching 4th proximo; while others blandly smile at the driving showers, and sympathising with the jolly farmers in the country, hopefully anticipate the 'good times coming.' "Shopkeepers in general have nothing to do but put their shelves and drawers 'to rights,' and look over their ledgers; all jobs necessary enough, how- ever, and which no prudent tradesman will neglect. Public houses, though, are doing business, and are pretty full of drenched-out mechanics and labourers, who are further decreasing their short week's wages, forgetful of the sorrowful Saturday night their ill-clad wives and children will see in consequence. No new shoes for poor little Sally, so she cannot go to Sunday school. Father spent the price of her promised new shoes in strong drink, which made him so weak that he could not walk home at night. "Landlords of some low-class dwellings sit un- easily in their easy chairs, dreading the intrusion of shivering tenants to report on leaky roofs, cracked walls, fallen plaster, and the inundation of their homes by dirty torrents from upper streets. Underwriters are anxious, but hopeful. Owners of coasters are nervously calculating the probable whereabouts of their vessels bound from the north, and whether they have been fortunate enough to fetch Broken Bay be- fore the 'sea got up;' and if not, whether they have sufficient 'offing,' to weather the much-dreaded New- castle bight, and take refuge in Port Stephens. The niggardly owner of that old rotten collier schooner is painfully aware that it is now blowing a close- reefed topsail breeze. He is sorry that he grumblingly re- fused his skipper money to buy rope for a new 'fore tack,' main sheet, and topsail braces, on his last trip; and his slumbers to-night will probably be disturbed by dreary visions of struggling sailors and dreaded visits from wet ghosts. "Poor laundresses and dairymen especially, and poor folks generally, to whom, for a long time past, water has been a very scarce and severely expensive necessity, in many localities not yet favoured with main pipes from Botany, are now rejoicing over their overflowing rain-tubs; maugre the accompanying miseries, in too many instances, of almost impassable pathways to their leaky, mud- beleagured dwellings. Amateur horticulturists, the fortunate owners of sub- urban villas or model farms, are in ecstasies at the timely relief to their drooping parterres and shrub- beries, their snuff-coloured lawns, or their feverish- looking vegetable plots; and the hopes of despairing seedsmen and nurserymen are resuscitated by the an- ticipation of a brisk trade next week in garden seeds and plants of all sorts. Country farmers are merry as magpies while viewing their reviving crops and their fast-filling water holes. The cattle 'upon a thousand hills' are, by their frolicsome capers, ex- pressing joy and gratitude for the present and per- spective changes in their diet. Long have they stretched their weary necks, to nibble precarious meals from the dry and scanty herbage, and soiled their noses in the dirty quags, while they sipped but a short allowance of muddy water, of the consistence of porridge; but now they have a superabundance of the pure element, and anon they may browse on the tender grass to their hearts' content. Some insect tribes are hastily migrating from their inundated holes; while all inanimate nature puts on a glad face in mute, though expressive, acknowledgment of this welcome supply of long-lacking moisture. "Although, I dare say, most persons, like myself, feel more comfortable in fine, sunny weather," con- tinued Job Shivers meditatively; "and some are, doubtless, gloomy enough to-day, for 'the dumps' are as fashionable, in this kind ot weather, as tic doloreux and toothache, there is nothing very ex- hilarating in these cold, pelting, rain- laden squalls; and the murky clouds overhead look as dismal as undertakers' plumes; still, cheerless as they look, they are surcharged with exhalations and vapours— precious as gold-dust—which, by the aid of these fierce winds, will shower down fertility upon the thirsty ground, by refreshing and renewing the vigour of the whole of the vegetable creation within their influence; and by and by, when the welcome sun shows his bright face again, and warms the world with his effulgent beams, Nature, in its renovated emerald garb, will gladden the hearts and eyes of all beholders, and this temporary gloom will all be forgotten. 'The showers fall upon the pastures of the wilderness, and the little hills rejoice on every side.' "My dislike to a drenching, or to the almost cer- tain pains and penalties which would succeed one, prompts me to remain inside my house," continued Job Shivers; "but thanks to the inventor of glass, I can look outside, while I keep myself as dry as a bran bag. Here, then, from my elevated position, I can take a hawk's-eye view of multitudes of wet roofs, and indulge the while in a little speculation (as the gentlemen observed the other day when they brught up all the Yankee notions and tobacco); but, if I could at the same time cast a spectral glance be- neath the roofs, and into the hearts of some of the occupants of those dwellings, what a folio I could fill with sorrows of all sorts, and fidgets and fancies be- sides. While, alas! there may be hundreds of per- sons, of various classes, sorely afflicted in 'mind, body, or estate,' there are, probably, also many more favoured folks, now reclining on satin sofas, sur- rounded by elegance, luxury, fashion, and everything else which some people think essential to make life comfortable; wo are literally 'rolling in riches,' and apparently as secure from want and poverty as they are from these cold winds; yet they are hugging some—perhaps self-invented—misery to their hearts, as if it were really worth cherishing. How much it would assist to cure such persons of their imaginary ills, and make them grateful for their comparatively happy positions, were they to view some of the numerous victims of abject misery, want, and disease, in the various low-roofed hovels of the back lanes and alleys, within sight of their own costly habitations. Ah! it would do their hearts more good than the best lecture they ever heard in their lives on contentment. If I could only make them hear me, I would say to them, in my blandest tones, and with my hat in my hand, 'Dear Ladies and Gentlemen,—You, to whom God has given a superabundance of the good things of this world, and will one day ask you what you have done with them all, pardon old Job Shivers for offering you a few hints, which, it you will act upon, will surely promote your own happiness, while you are administering to the happiness of others, in per- forming a duty which you cannot safely neglect. "Think, while you are sunk in soft repose, "How many groan beneath life's varied woes." Yes, and think at the same time, if you have some suprefluous blankets or warm half- worn clothing to spare, or something which you would never miss from your overstocked larder. Draw out your purses too, and distribute a little bread and coal to those poor pining widows and their half-starved, shivering chil- dren, in their cheerless, fireless, wet and grimy homes. Do this, and your consciences will feel so comfortable when you hear the wind rattle the pelting rain-drops against your plate-glass windows. You will feel so much satisfaction at having sent a blanket, a warm shawl, and your old merino dress, to that poor, con- sumptive girl, whose gentle spirit will soon soar away to her 'Father's house above,' and will perhaps bless you as it takes its flight from its weary 'house of clay.' You will feel so happy, too, when you reflect that those half-famished children will perhaps pray for the kind lady who sent the basketful of 'broken victuals,' and saved them from going to bed hungry; while that old, paralyzed patriarch will never forget your goodness in providing the load of chopped fire- wood, to warm his aching bones and cheer his wintry heart. Oh, ye rich folks! one and all of you, pity and relieve the poor, in this stormy, dreary weather especially, and in so doing you will enjoy a luxury indeed; even the blessing which is promised shall attend the performance of such duties by 'Him who cannot lie.' And inactive folks, in visiting the sick poor, will find in their work of charity a panacea for mountains of misery which too often afflicts those who have but little to do or to think of but the very things which create or augment those miseries." "Heigho!" sighed Job Shivers again, as he rubbed his blue-tipped nose; "I wish I had a sackfull of shillings—or sovereigns would do better—and I'd soon send some of them along with my sympathy, for they are best united; but I've more sacks than sovereigns now a days, worse luck. However, such as I can give, I give heartily; my sympathy and prayers for all the poor, shivering, suffering mortals beneath those dripping, mouldy roofs yonder. And right glad shall I be when the warm sun again shows his welcome face, to dry their miry homes and cheer my mildewed heart." NEW REVOLVING PISTOL.—Mr. George Whitfield, of King- street, has just received a small consignment of Sharp's patent revolving pistols—decidedly one of the most unique and portable weapons that has yet been produced. Sharp's pistol, for which a patent is secured both in England and America, is breech- loading, has four barrels bored out of a solid piece of the very best steel, and can be loaded in an instant. Each chamber is charged with a copper cartridge, consisting of powder, ball, and cap, all contained in one compact little capsule, so that the weapon may be instantly loaded by simply sliding forward the barrels and inserting the cartridges. The revolving hammer-disc forms the chief excellence of the inven- tion. It is not only simple, safe, certain, and effec- tive in operation, but, what is far more important, it avoids the necessity of shooting past a joint in the barrel, which creates a vent, and diminishes, mate- rially, the force of the shot. The whole weapon weighs only eight and a half ounces, is neatly finished, and occupies scarcely more space in the pocket than an ordinary knife. Its power is as surprising as its simplicity of construction, and the accuracy of its aim is as perfect as that of the horse-pistol. Travel- lers and others, who feel an interest in the subject of self-protection, can inspect the weapons by calling at Mr. Whitfield's establishment. DISTRESS IN COTTON TRADE.—A meeting of masons was held on Monday, at the Odd Fellows' Arms, Mr. W. Collinson in the chair, with a view to afford aid to the distressed operatives in the cotton trade in England. On the motion of Mr. S. Brown, seconded by Mr. Simmonds, it was resolved that a committee (subsequently appointed) should canvass the various jobs in the city and suburbs for subscriptions for the relief of the distressed operatives in the manufactur- ing districts of England.—A meeting of the iron trades was held at the Lighthouse Hotel, with a similar object, but there not being more than thirty persons present (owing to other meetings of the trade being held the same evening), the proceedings were adjourned for a meeting this (Saturday) evening. It appeared, however, that steps had been already taken for obtaining subscriptions by leaving books at the various establishments in the trade. MIRACULOUS PRESERVATION.— On Saturday even- ing last, between seven and eight o'clock, a man who was lying drunk and fast asleep on the tramway, in Pitt street, opposite the Presbyterian church, was luckily discovered by a party who happened to pass that way, and rescued from a most awful death; in- deed, scarcely had the man been dragged from off the line before the car crossed the spot where the drunken man before lay prostrate. ENCOURAGEMENT TO COTTON GROWING.--The fol- lowing extract from a letter from the Straits of Ma- lacca, July 6th, 1861, to a gentleman of Boston, is of general interest in this crisis in the history of cotton: —"In connection with affairs at home, it may be in- teresting to you to learn that a gentleman from Georgia, who has been domiciliated with us for a month, who is a practical cotton planter, and has previously been making an examination of the capacity of the East Indies for producing cotton, has fixed upon this region as the best suited for his purpose. He has taken a large grant of land from the Government, with the promise of as much more as he may require, and will at once start a plantation. WESLEYAN METHODIST MEETING.—On Tuesday, a public meeting was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Chippendale, in connection with the church extension scheme of that communion. The hon. A. M'Arthur, M.L.C., in the chair. There was a numerous attend- ance. Addresses in furtherance of the objects of the meeting were delivered by the Rev. J. A. Manton, Rev. H. Pincombe, Rev. J. Watkin, Rev. W. Cur- now, and the Rev. S. Rabone. At the conclusion of the services a collection was made. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. 