POLICE OFFICE. , 11 TUESDAY, 8TH JULY, 1862. r- - ', BEFORE A. B. Jones, Esquire Stipendary * Magistrate.. , , ' One brawler was fined 10s. " CHARGE OF LARCENY.- Thomas Ghost was brought upon remand charged with stealing some lead the property of some person or ! persons unknown. Detective Morley said that he had been unable to find an owner for the lead - The prisoner was discharged. I SURETIES OF THE PEACE W. C D. Smith ' prayed sureties of the peace against Henry ) 'Sexton for having on 30th June threatened to do , him some grievous bodily harm by saying to him (W. C. D. Smith)"You old-what did you mean by telling Ellis that you would not put my letter in the paper unless I sent I the money, you wretch I will punch your head. I will pull your nose off." Defendant who said that he had cause to show applied to have the case postponed on account of the absence of a material witness, who was up the country, Mr. Jones . Is it to prove malice P ) i Defendant : Yes your worship. " The Complainant said, that he had no objection provided defendant would state the per son's name and pay the expences, there was no person present. Defendant said that the witness's name was Harrison, he was standing outside the office. Mr. Jones . He would appear to be a witness of what took place,ratherthan of malice. It was ultimately decided that the case should go on. The Complainant deposed that some time back a man named Ellis, brought a letter which he wished to have inserted in the paper which witness refused On the day in question defendant in a very excited manner, came into the Advertiser Office where witness was employed Defendant made use of some most filthy language. Mr. Jones : Filthy language is not a threat. Witness. No your Worship. Defendant wanted to know thereasonwhy a letter, which he had sent by a man of the name of Ellis had not beeninsertedinthepaper. Witness told him that becau8ethe(defendant)had pledged topayfortwo letters which had been inserted and then refused to do so. Therefore witness should refuse to insert another without the money. ( Witness requested defendant to leave the office Defendant pulled out a sixpence, and throwing it on the counter, saying " there, that is all I owe you, you old--. Witness again told defendant to leave the office, when defendant said, "I'll punch your head, and if I catch you outside, I'll kick your-. Yon are all a set of ? swindlers, and if I catch you outside I'll give you a good hiding." Mr. Justin Browne and other gentlemen were present, but of course witness could not call them. Witness ; had never given defendant any provocation. Was afraid of, defendant at the time, and got behind the counter out of his way, and since, he had gone into people's houses to avoid meeting defendant. Cross-examined. Had passed defendant in the street, but then witness had 3 or 4 friends with him. Had also met defendant at the i a Court of Requests, but then, there was a constable there, and so he had protection. r Defendant . How can you tell such a bare- faced falsehood, you know there is no constable at the Court of Requests. ' > . Witness : I can mention his name. I can undertake to swear that two letters have been inserted in the Advertiser without your paying for them. It is very likely I said " we do not i want any of your bounce here." I will posite \- vely swear that I did not say " every body 1 knows Seton the hangman." .' ' ' Will you positively swear that you did not " say that P , Mr. Jones : He has sworn so. Defendant . It is no use my putting any more questions to him. He has come here determined to swear anything. Mr. Jones : You have no right to say that Witness : I do not make this complaint from any ill feeling towards defendant, if he had I come the next day and said he was sorry there would have been an end of it Samuel Davies was called to corroborate A complainant's statement.! i 2 2' On cross examination the witness' said that he heard nothing said about a letter. , i , 1 Mr. Hook was next 'caUedButdldnot spear. Defendant said that her W into the Advertiser office in consequence of Smith having .. ' S A a rv- - i ' y I . ' li star J Tt'JTl.i'.». a.!. said that he owed them sixpence, and that he (Seton) was in the habits contracting debts without paying them. He said to Mr. Smith that he was not like some of them who did not pay, for he paid every one. Mr. Smith then called him a hangman and imitated pulling up a rope. Mr, Smith could not agree with any one, not even with the teetotalers and Rechabites for he had nearly broken them up through his quarrels. _ The Bench ordered defendant to find sureties to keep the peace for six months himself in £50 and two sureties in £25 each. BEFORE the Stipendiary Magistrate and J. Walker, Esq. ASSAULT-James King complained of James | Macnamee for having on 29th June assaulted him at Kangaroo Bottom. Defendant pleaded not guilty. The complainant stated, that seeing defendant and two other men on his master's (Mr. Nairn) land, he civilly told them to go off when defendant struck him on the breast with his fist and knocked him down and then kicked at him. The defendant said that he had a witness to call. Thomas Trueman deposed, that he was in company with defendant on some land at Kangaroo Bottom. Did not remember seeing complainant there. A man came down and ordered defendant off, The man said " Come out on the open ground, and then he shaped to fight. They then closed together and hugged each other, and then tumbled down together. Defendant got up first and said to the man "now you go home and you won't be hurt." The man then stooped and picked up a great stone, and threw it at defendant, who then went away home. Saw no blow struck. Did not believe defendant could have struck a blow without witness seeing it. Witness was nine or ten rods off. Did not see defendant attempt to kick the man. Was not in defendant's company at the time, but was afterwards. The Bench fined defendant 40s. and costs, or in default, 14 days hard labor. LARCENY. Richard Fishwick was brought upon remand charged with stealing spade the property of Mr. J. W. Graves. D. C. Bryon said that he could not find the property and he therefore prayed that the man might be discharged. Discharged accordingly. LARCENY. Charles Bryant was brought upon remand charged with stealing 12 lbs. of sugar the property of Monaghan and further remanded to Thursday. 