MELBOURNE UNIVERSITY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Your correspondent of to-day, who is too modest to assume even a nom de plume, but who is not equally nice in his language, alludes to St. Andrew's as an " obscure Scotch college, where a man can get himself dubbed M.D. for a few pounds." This person is a very good example of the ignorance of the general public about medical education. During the last century almost all physicians graduated at Oxford or Cambridge; but for the first twenty years of this, Edinburgh was the medical university, par excellence, of Great Britain ; and not only most English and Irish, but also many foreign students, came to the lectures of Cullen, Gregory, and Munro. The refute of the Oxford and Cambridge degrees died away, and has never revived. At the present day Edinburgh does not take such a high place ; the University of London has stepped into her shoes; and within the last few years St. Andrew's, whose degrees had previously been worthless, has raised its standard very considerably. That such degrees were of little value thirty years ago I do not deny ; that they are of great value now I assert, and will prove. Your correspondent's description gives about as correct an idea of the modern St. An- drew's degree as an account of the Melbourne of 1842 would do of the Melbourne of to-day. Another writer evades my still-unanswered inquiry for a celebrated Oxford or Cambridge physician of the last twenty years by going back to Sydenham, Locke, and Cains, in the last century, and Watson, Elliotson, and Latham at the beginning of this. For the grounds of any rash statements" I may make, I must refer inquirers to the Medical Directory and the calendar of the different universities. Until quite lately there has been no proper accommodation for the study of human anatomy by dissection at Oxford, and only on a limited scale at Cambridge, so that the few men who do graduate always find it necessary to complete their education at London or elsewhere. In the Medical Times of December 7,1861, is a leading article consisting of a long apology for the hitherto meagre quality of Oxford medical education, in which the editor strives hard to show that now, under the new statute, a decent education may be had at that university; and such I believe, at last, to be the case. The reason of this reform is well known. It is because other universities, particularly London and St. Andrew's, have lately taken such a high standard in medical degrees that for very shame the older English university followed in their wake. I have not yet heard that Cambridge has had the courage to follow her good example. I will now inform your correspondents what the requirements for the St. Andrew's degree are :-1. The same courses of lectures and hospital practice at some school recognized by Government as are required at Oxford. 2. An examination, both viva voce and written, which lasts seven or eight days, and includes several subjects which are not necessary at Oxford or Cambridge, such as demonstrations of anatomy on the subject. In short, it is the most severe and varied test of any of the examining boards, except, perhaps, the University of London. I speak advisedly on these points, as I hold the licences of the three great medical corporations in London, and have been for many years in constant communication with students and graduates of other universities. Your correspondents are doubtless ignorant of the fact that no university degree can qualify a man to practise as a physician in London and seven miles round, this rests only with the College of Physicians, and consequently many of our first physicians hold no M.D. degree. To talk of the expense and labour of four years' residence as part of the honour of a university degree is another example of your correspondent's ignorance of these matters. Every licensing body, even the Apothecaries' Hall, requires, at least, four years' residence at a recognized medical school. Again, I read that if the Melbourne degrees were made tolerably respectable, Oxford, Cam- bridge, and Dublin men would come forward in sufficient numbers to make up the required hundred." This is hardly likely, for I have just taken the trouble to count over the letter A in the London and Provincial Medical Directory, and find that out of 332 names beginning with that: comnonest of letters, there are but three Cam- bridge, two Oxford, and one Dublin medical graduate. The value of the degrees in arts at our great universities no one will question ; but I do most positively assert that their medical degrees have not the rank that they ought to have ; and to this fact, that medicine is not represented as it should be in literary high places, it owes its inferior position amongst the learned professions, and the degrading circumstance that while the church and the law have their representatives in the House of Peers, the medical profession has not been considered worthy of that honour. Remembering with satisfaction that I am a fellow graduate with Golding Bird, a name with which all the medical world of Europe is familiar, with Duncan Forbes, the Oriental Scholar, and with Richardson, the discoverer of the cause of the coagulation of the blood, I have the honour again to subscribe myself M.D. ST. ANDREW'S. May 6. The Dozy Affair.-We understand that Mr. Trainor, of Melbourne, one of the principal backers of Dozy in the trotting match between herself and Mazeppa, has entered a protest against the forfeit money being handed over to the owner of Mazeppa. Mr. Hoyt, who has behaved as a gentleman during the whole transaction, is quite willing to have the money handed over ; and had he been in Ballarat, he informs us, the very unseemly quarrel that took place on Thursday night respecting the forfeit money would not have taken place, as he would at once have declared forfeit. When the match was made, he was not cognizant of the circumstance, and we hear that he took very little interest in the matter, and now disputes the protest of Mr. Trainor, as he is quite willing to hand over the forfeit money to Mr. Orr, the owner of Mazeppa. He entirely disapproves of the tactics resorted to by the gentlemen who "rushed" the Ballarat sportsmen ; and, from what we have learned of the affair, we are satisfied that he had very little to do with the match from the beginning. Ballarat Star, May 19. ADVANCE IN THE PRICE WHEAT AND FLOUR,-We are informed on reliable authority that an advance has taken place in the price of wheat. Several farmers have been waited upon during the week. An advance of from 3d. to 6d. per bushel has been offered in cash. We are further assured that the price of flour will likely rise during the ensuing week. One of our local millers still assures us that he is prepared to sell for some time to come at the figures quoted in our prices current.- Ovens Advertiser, May 17. The Castlemaine Ghost.-The police have arrested a man named Drake on a charge of vagrancy. It is believed that he is one and the same with the ghost, in the shape of a naked man, which has so strangely haunted the northern part of the town for some time past. He has been living in a deserted house near Berkley street, and earning a living by begging, though he is well able to work. He was before the Court under somewhat similar circumstances some time ago, when he premised to go to work on the railway, but never did so. It is stated that several respectable witnesses could identify him as the naked visitant of their houses at night, He has no visible means of support, and if the latter circumstance can be proved against him, he will undoubtedly be severely punished, as he deserves. \- Advertiser, May 17. THE CHINESE -Among the significant signs of the times are bodies of Chinamen coming here and buying, or trying to buy, a great many of our puddling- machines, and obtaining grants for acres of yet untouched puddling-ground. Strange that while Europeans are grumbling, and almost starving here. Chinamen, who are looked down upon with contempt, come and make good money where Europeans can't get tucker. The reason is obvious. Europeans, as a rule (a most stupid one, certainly), either can't or won't unite. They have no confidence in one another; and thus " barbarians," as they are so called, come and take the ground from under their feet.- Inglewood Advertiser, May 10. OCCUPATION LICENCES.-It seems that we are never to hear the end of the occupation licences. Already has the din of battle been heard at Warrenheip, Bullarook, and Bungaree, but a grand field day is yet in prospective, as we learn that some half a dozen summonses have been issued from the police court, at the instance of persons residing near Navigators'Village, who are ready to do battles for and against the licences in ques- tion. It certainly seems strange that no precautions were taken to prevent persons applying for these allotments, including therein the houses and gardens of woodcutters and others who were located in their humble tenements long before the twenty-acre system was thought of.-Ballarat Star, ivlay 19. A LUCKY SPORTSMAN.-An old man, a periodical visitant of the district, and commonly known by the name of " Dick." whose inclinations have led him to choose " a life in the woods," and who so far despises the accommodation presented by civilized life as to prefer sleeping in his own little covered- cart, even while sojourning for a night in the centre of a populous village, brought to the Pound Hotel, Scarsdale, last week, the product of three days shooting at and about Lake Cronomite, on the Ararat Plains, being five turkeys twenty-seven geese, thirty ducks, eighteen teal, and four brace of plover, all of which he disposed of in the adjoining neighbourhood in the course of a few hours. The turkeys especially were remarkably well-fleshed, some of them weighing 151b, when prepared for the spit. The old sportsman found a ready market for them at 11s a piece.-Grenville 'Advocate, May 17. 