PASTORAL ADDRESS OP T"E ROMAN CATHOLIC ARCHBISHOP AND BISHOPS OP AUSTRALIA W« extract tile following from a pastoral address emanating from the above authorities to the lioinan Catholic Churches of Australia:— "'One subject about which we are most anxious that you should in: rightly informed and steadfast in your Catholic principles is that of the public education of your children, and especially of the children of the poor, it is evident that attempts are being made to wrest from lis our liberty of con science in tliis matter, to curtail the freedom in which wc have been able to train our children in secular learning, quickened by Catholic faith, and guarded by Catholic discipline, in order to submit tliem to the fetters of what is called national education. This is a manifest misnomer. The so-called national education, or Board of (Jeneral Education, is, in truth, sectarian, for it is at variance witli the religious feelings of Catholics —that is, a large body of the population, equal to one-fourth or even one-tliird of the nation (if we may use the term); and it is a persecuting sec tarianism, since it would compel Catholics to accept a system vitally defective, however accepted by non-Catholfcs, who hare, of course, neither fear nor sense of such deficiency. Catholics do not believe thatthe education of a child is like a t iiing of mechanism that can be put together bit by bit— now a morsel of instruction on religion, and then of instruction in secular learning—separate parcels with as little reciprocal action as have two books on the shelves of a library. We holdthat subjects taught, the teacher and . his faith, the rule and practices of the school day, all combine to produce the result which we Catholics consider to be edu cation, and that this desirable result cannot he looked for without such combined action. The system to which we have adverted seems to con sider the child as a receiving machine and the teacher as an imparting machine, and that here their relations end. It is not- so; the human being teaching will, by reason of bis religious faith and other qualities, influence the human being taught. The day with its work and devotions, arranged on a plan consistent throughout with our faith, will mould one form of character; the day not so arranged will produce quite another. There is in the system we deprecate no unity, no consistency. It is not only defective; it is corrupt ing and dissipating, and-therefore, for reasons obvious to every well-informed Catholic, we must have for our cliildren Catholic schools, Catholic teachers, and, as fast us we can supply thein, I Catholic books. Do not be seduced out of this determination l>y promises of superior learning for ' your children. The promises are vain; our own schools can and shall supply all that Catholic children could obtain elsewhere. Make your de termination known, see that your representa ! lives in Parliament are duly impressed with it, and choose only those who will respect your religious rights and liberties iu this most vital point. Be not influenced by plausible statements and appeals to a false liberality. Catholics must secure for their cliildren, above all things. a religious education, and in a matter of so much importance they must not risk hazardous experi ments. Their children may and must in school > reathe a Catholic atmosphere. It would be as wise to take away one of the constituent elements of common air, and think to maintain the health and vigour , of .human , beings living in that un natural medium by restoring afterwards the with drawn elements, as to make up a Catholic educa tion for children by adding at one time the religion which has been scrupulously banished at another. If you grow a flower in cold and darkness one half the day, no arbitrary amount of light and heat afterwards will nroduce a plant of tlie vigour and beaut}- proper to its kind. ' The Divorce Bill, which has, unhappily, passed into law in some of the colonies, auu which has been so odiously pressed upon the .Legislatures of the other colonies dining the present session, has naturally drawn our attention afresh to the evils of mixed marriages. This measure adds, you will observe, materially to those evils, inasmuch as it allows, by human law, a separation which the Catholic believes is not allowable by the Divine law, and so exposes the Catholic party to be left bound as long as the non-Catholic party, who may choose to form other ties, shall live. Let this added mischief, dearly beloved, prevail upon you to renew your aversion: and watclifulness against mixed marriages. You know how the Church* treats tliem, now she tolerates them only as an inevitable evil, how she stands by at such a marriage sad, and as if mourning. No holy, all grace procuring mass celebrated; no sole-mi nuptial blessing, with uplifted hands, pronounced by the priest of God. It cannot be that young people, properly trained in affectionate allegiance to Holy Church, duly estimating the graces of which she is the channel, should so lightly permit their thoughts to. rest on the be ginning of attachments that must end in a dreary 1 prospect at best. Let the obstacle of a different religion be frankly pronounced by parents ah insurmountable one, and the young, accustomed all their lives so to consider it, and see it so con sidered, are in no danger of allowing themselves to be entangled. It is the indecision and world liness of parents that create for their children danger, and so we entreat you to contemplate again the nullity of all earthly position and advantages, as a compensation for the certain evils of mixed marriages. At the best what must he the result? Husband and wife divided on the most important, the most in fluential, and pervading of all subjects! No mutual aid, no common syinpathes iu religon religion tliat gives dignity and safely to their union. -As Catholics, you believe the marriage state to be a vocation, having its special trials, dangers, hopes, and, to meet these, its special graces; and you know it is idle to talk about each party, worshiping God undisturbed, according to bis or her conscience. And of the ciiildren of such marriages what can we say, even where the Catholic conditions are faithfully—as they so frequently are not—kept! What can yon, in ordinary prudence, expect them to learn to he? At the hest, perhaps, indiffereut; horn and practically bred in that subtlest of the modern forms - of infidelity-the notion that an essence of ail religions can lie extracted and secured, in abstraction from all positive belief, from all sacrament, within the recesses of a man's own breast. Dare you do this ? Will your children dare to do it, if you think, and teach them to think of it, as the danger of indiffe rence, of practical infidelity, ought to be thought of ? What is it to tempt the goodness of God if this he not it? We do hone, dearly beloved, that thoughtlessness about consequences, more than unfaithfulness and reckless worldliness, is the cause of so many of these deplorable marriages. We must speak strongly because we fear greatly; we can no longer maintain even an apparent silence in the'presence of a growing evil; we dare not see Catholics, were it to gain the whole world, divest themselves, as married people, of great safeguards against the loss of their own and children's souls. May you, dearly beloved, lay these things -to heart, and may the Holy Spirit enlighten and strengthen you. " The blessing of God, the Father, the Son, and Holy Ghost, lie with you now and for ever. " t John Bede, Archbishop of Sydney. " t Bobebt . William, Bishop of Hobart Town. "1 James Alipids, Bishop of Melbourne. " i James, Bishop of Brisbane. "Given at . Melbourne, Feast of All Saints, 1862." . • •• . - ■ PRIMITIVE METHODISM — A corre spondent says:—"On Sunday, November 30. three sermons were preached by the Rev. J. G. W right, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Tynte-street, North Adelaide, in behalf of the trust fund. The sermon's were delivered in the preacher's usual earnest happy style to good congregations, and the collections were excellent. On the Tuesday about 150 sat down to partake of a social cup of tea gratuitously provided by the ladies. After the tea an interesting public meeting was held pre- sided over; by Mr.- J. Randell, of South Adelaide, and practical addresses were given, by the Revs. J. Warner and J. Read and Messrs. James Minard and J. Turnbull. 