"^^"^rnE REGATTA CLUB. j » «netti meeting of the tpembmof|he Begaü in M-Lsreo's Hotel on MendayeVet °' ÎÎL chiir WM occupied by Mr Ive; the oth« i* jToresent were Messrs Davidson, William .'"?Moore DUcktreU, M'Lsren.and Patterton, ^'atinóte* of tbe last meeting were read an raOOKAKHB OF KÍOATTA. T following piogramroe, aa »greed apon by th minee, «s cert read: tnítcli-A pair-oar ami ti ur race.conenedl, ber« of the dub who have paid their BÛbscrîp P**' g, "bc lore the 16th November, for two ail ve ü^ralanl st twenty guineas. To be rowed for ii St tod boats provided by the club. Memberi to*belong W the dab from the commence men! at "berty to procure theil own boats, pro ^,ach «rc not outriggers. s^ood match-A watermans nco for .money J*¿Tbe first man to receive £20, the second £¡7*10 the third man £5, and the fourth man £3, ¡fie towed for in beats. Entrance £i, to be paid i ttati*eof entry; and entries to be made on ot ?."Sae i2th November. The watermen cojipet Stotow in white trowsera and gttmntéys, and in fL provided by the dab. Tùlià race-A pair-oar scratch match between tb numbers of tl ie club; to be dra<vn for on the ¡iLd. Eatrance fee lOt P-yffiiliams moved and Mr Davidson seconded (Jadoptioo of the programme, which wat agreed to. lb M'Laren proposed, and Mr William« seconded .TUsttnoM members who joined the dab at the fonssiioo thereof be allowed to provide their own Z¿. ¡f they should deem it expedient, such boats ^ngonUigicrt." Carried. gr William* moved, and Mr Moore seconded_ ?Tatt the competitors in thc amateur race select tóoirn partners." Carried. ACCOÜKT. )[r Davidson moved, and Mr Calder seconded «jliat Mr M'Laicn be empowered to pay thc car jtnler for overhauling and painting thc boats." Carried KEW MEMBERS. gr Calder proposed- Mr Stewart at a member of tte duh, who vu* secua Jed by Mr M'Lareo,-and fleeted, j Kr Davidson proposed Mr Doyle aa a member, tho iras seconded by Mr Moire, au J duly elected. TUB eura. Mr Blackwell proposed, and Mr Tatterson se conded-" That Mr M'Laren and Mr Clarke be em pmered lo froenre the cups for tbe amateur race." Gnried. ADDITIOSAL BOATS. Hr Calder moved and Mr Blackwell seconded »Timi Mr M'Laren be empowered to.make the uc <tfn,v arrangements for procuring additional boats dam Melbourne for the regatta." Carried. Hr H'Lireu moved and Mr Moore seconded_ "That the Hon. Sec. be empowered to write to the Dca. the CommUsoner of Hallways and Hoads, re questing that he would alluw the boats from Mel bourne to be conveyed free on the railway." Car nal. THE USE OF -THE BOA.TB. Hr Patterson move 1 and Mr Williams EB onded_ "That ihe boats now belonging to the Club be used «aly by the members about to compete at the regatta, aller which the members generally can use them as heretofore on presenting their cards.' Carried. Hr M Liren mentioned that he understool that Pmich, the celebrated Sydney waterman, was about to enter f r the waterman's race. Thu concluded the business. 1 'Is Ten« NiTCKALiurjs.-When rumors weot ¿xoii that ft nude man wa* in the liabic of dis portiog himself in Castlemaine, with a view appa rativ, of frightening and annoying females, it was nttiréd with an amount of incredulity. Certain it ¡< uoirevtr, that a really naked individual was ii'iiglit on Saturday las'-, in Templeton street, or ratkr in thc Catholic Ii> serve. It seems that two témales »ere coming up Ilargreave strtet, when they encountered this supposed apparition ; one of tko fl«! forth« ith, but the other gave chase, when the "ghost" fairly turned tail and bolted, clearing tilt Catholic hm e at the corner like an antelope. The erie« of the lady pimu.r drew a number of people, and iu no time thu acrobat was secured, though nut without di apt-rate résistante. In the interim, bela ein being first seen and captured, he Iud managed to slip a shirt over his head, and thus appeared iu comparatively decent costume before the nimbéis that soon surrounded him. The police were cent fur, and ui-der their inspection he com pleted bia toilet prior to going to the " logs," his oilier clothes having been found tied up in a bundle under the fence near where he leaped over. His time is John Beal, and be has been a newspaper ruiner on Campbell's Creek. What the charge against kilo will be we are not aware, but surely the Bench will make an example of him in auch a manner u may deter others from following his example. We iu; add, inst on beiug introduced to the lock-up he (unshed tverj thing breakable, and after being with pat difficulty handcuffed and chained in the cell by two policemen, he was found at liberty yesterday lioraiog, su far as freedom from manacles was con ferred.-JA. A. Mail, 27th October. DIABOLICAL CONDUCT.-Thc M uss wellbrook cor tespandent of the Mercury writes :-On Friday sight about eleven o'clock, when the town was apposed io 1 e tilent in sleep, some incarnate fiend, haring covered a cat with a preparation supposed to cuutost cf a mixture of turpentine, tar and grease, ignited thc tame, and then turned her loose. The ionised animal rushed through thc premises of the White Horte Inn, aiid dashed into the store-yard in «?ar of ike establishment of Thomas Loxton, Esq., J P. Mr Loxton and family had retired to rest, lsd hid he not providentially been awakened by thctiaulic caiciir of thc cat, the results might have been not Dilly destructive to a large amount of pro perty in goods and the building itself, but also fatal to Luman lives. Although indisposed in health, and only clad in h's night garments, there vis no time to lose. He ventured forth to behold a scene, as he says, indescribable. The semblance of a living ball of flame, which omitted odors ex ttaady disgusting, flying here, there, and every vhere, would have been to a superstitious mind startling indeed. He met the extraordinary object at the head of the stairway ascending from the yard to a balcony, and closing the gate in its face, per ceived what it really was. The poor burning brute rolkd back into the yard and leaped into a gig, the »Hering of which was instanly fired. Hr Loxton succeeded in driving her out, and she crawled un derneath, too much consumed and exhausted for tonier effort. There she Blood upright on the """red lemaing of her legs, an object of terror, nutleis of water were dashed over her, and the tee extinguished. In three places, two immedi .ttly connected with the house, the premises had *M set on fire, and portions of the cat's body »obbed off by her darting past them. The animal's Homes had terminated in death.-Sydney Empire, "st October. faca COPPER MIKE IN QOEEHSUKD.-Accounts »ere recently published in Hie Queensland papers of . wy important discovery that had been made of a aowKain lode ot copper in the northern part of that j <Tny. One or two o{ our Sydney capitalists recently Tweit ¡mo arrangements with the discoverer, and ".J^ned a party of practical aud scientific gen «nea to report upon the mine. These gentlemen "«e just returned, and we understand that their J**1'fully bears out the anticipations that were at to the richness of the lode. In a few days *Tpe to be favored with copies of the , reports. JT6 we several thousand tons of the ore lying .Wt the surface, and the lode has been traced for »C»itds of 3400 feet. We understand that the mine u..nown M toe Eureka Copper Mine. -S. M. 