THE ALL ENGLAND MATCH COM MITTEE. A special meeting of the All England Match Committee was held yesterday morning at Mar- shall's cricket depot, for the purpose of consider- ing the letter received from the captain of the English Eleven, relative to the number of Mel- bourne cricketers to be played in the first match The Hon. G. Coppin was voted to the chair. There were present Messrs Hammill, Rusden, J. Smith, Patterson, D. S. Campbell, Goodman, Pavey, Kirk, Shoosmith, Devlin, Bagot, Fraser, Brodribb, Wray, Hull, and Professor Irving. The Secretary read the following letter, which he had received the previous day. Owing to an accident it had not reached him until the even- ing, when it was impossible to convene a meeting of the committee :— "Melbourne, Café de Paris, 30th December, 1861. " To the All England Match Committee. " Gentlemen,—I am in receipt of yours of the 28th inst., in which you inform me that you shall play twenty-two against us, and this after settling with me on the previous day that it should be only eighteen. I must again decline to play more than the latter number ; for after practising the last few days, I find the stiffness occasioned thereby has not yet worn off, indeed, some of the men can scarcely walk from this cause. I trust the brotherly feeling expressed to myself and the Eleven on board the Great Britain, will induce you to meet us fairly in this matter.—I am, gen- tlemen, your obedient servant, " H. H. STEPHENSON." The Secretary stated that he had had an in- terview with Mr Stephenson after the receipt of the letter. He found that gentleman willing to meet the committee in a fair spirit, and on his be- half he was authorised to state that the Eleven would be willing to meet twenty players. He would move, however, himself, that eighteen players be the number. Mr JAMES SMITH seconded the resolution. After some desultory conversation, it appeared to be unanimously agreed that no compromise of playing twenty members should be accepted. Mr HAMMILL stated he had always been in favor of playing eighteen, but he defended the Com- mittee from the unjust attacks made upon it in consequence of its desire to play twenty-two. They were there as representatives of the crick- eters of the metropolis, and pledged to make the best arrangements for the success of the Mel- bourne players. The Chairman suggested that the opinion of the Match Committee should be taken on the letter. Mr T. F. WRAY said there would not be a quo- rum of that committee in town until the afternoon, but their opinion, and that of nearly every other cricketer in the colony, was that the twenty- two would have very little chance, and consequently the eighteen would have a more remote chance still. With twenty-two players there might have been a fine game, but with eighteen no cricketer could take the slightest degree of interest in it. Capt. DEVLIN, in reply to Mr D. S. Campbell, said that during his interview with Mr H. H. Stephenson in England, it was always understood that twenty-two would be played. Mr Stephen- son offered no objection then to play even twenty- two of Victoria. Mr RUSDEN deprecated the practice of making individual statements public. It mattered not what Mr Stephenson had said in England. He now spoke as captain of the Eleven. Mr D. S. CAMPBELL wished the fact to go forth to the world that Mr Stephenson declined to meet twenty-two of Melbourne, because he found he was unable to play them successfully. Capt DEVLIN was convinced that if it was left to Mr Stephenson there would be no objection, for that gentleman had always been led to believe that the Eleven would have to play twenty-two. Mr WRAY : Yes, and twenty two of Victoria. Mr Stephenson had himself challenged twenty- two of the metropolitan district, and in answer to that challenge the Match Committee had selected a team. It was all nonsense to say they were not Melbourne men. When the Eleven played a dis- trict at home they took account of a hundred miles. The Broughton Club, when Mr Makinson was hundreds of miles away, always sent for him. Butterworth, Makinson, and Hamilton, who had been objected to, were bona fide members of the Melbourne Club ; one resided at Elsternwick, and the others played with the M.C.C. every Satur- day. He entirely denied that any but legitimate members were chosen. Mr KIRK, M.L.A., observed that, in order to remove the dead-lock, the committee must give way; but all interest in the match would be de- stroyed. He did not believe it would be worth seeing. If the Eleven came out to give the colo- nists a little amusement instead of playing the game, it was all very well. The Eighteen would not have the ghost of a chance ; and it was clear to his mind that the strength of the Melbourne cricketers would never be pitted against the Eleven. Their numerous engagements would prevent a second match being played. Mr Goodman thought if twenty-two would be sure be beaten, it would be less disgrace to be beaten with playing eighteen. Professor IRVING considered it desirable that the committee should deliberately record its opinion as to the number that ought to be played, and having done so, they could then make the best arrangement they could under the circum- stances. In or der to test the committee he would move, " That in the opinion of this committee it is perfectly fair to play twenty-two as selected by the Match Committee." Mr T. F. WRAY seconded the motion. After a short discussion, in which Mr RUSDEN and others took part, the original motion was allowed to stand over in order to permit Professor Irving's motion being put. The motion was carried by a majority of 10 to 4. Mr RUSDEN moved, "That the challenge of Mr Stephenson to play eighteen be accepted, and as eighteen of Victoria cannot be played, the eighteen be chosen from the members of the Metropolitan Clubs." A great deal of stress had been laid on the fact that eighteen of Victoria could not now be played, and he desired to give the crick- eters the benefit of it. Professor IRVING moved as an amendment, " That as the captain of the English Eleven con- siders his team unable to play twenty-two of the Melbourne clubs, this committee consents to play eighteen of the same clubs." Captain DEVLIN seconded the resolution. Professor IRVING said, he had been reminded that the eighteen Melbourne players might decline, and perhaps it would be better to consult the Match Committee. Mr PAVEY thought the committee was giving way in the most discourteous manner it could. Professor IRVING inquired what there was discourteous in his motion. He merely repeated the words of the captain of the Eleven. A discussion ensued whether the word " un- able " should be used in the amendment or " un- fit," and on being put to the meeting the latter word was agreed to by the casting vote of the chairman. Mr RUSDEN then proposed the addition to the amendment of the words, "in consequence of their want of condition." Several of the committee ridiculed the idea of the Eleven not being in better condition than the twenty-two, and the motion was lost by a majo- rity of ten to five. In answer to Mr Brodribb, Mr D. S. CAMPBELL said the Match Committee had confined their se- lection to bona fide members of the Melbourne Club, otherwise a very different selection would have been made. A doubt, however, had arisen as to C. Mace being actually a member though he was connected with a Melbourne cricketing asso- ciation, the United Victorian Eleven. After a short di cussion, a verbal amendment was made on the original motion submitted by Mr Hall, which then read as follows :—" That in the opinion of this committee it is desirable to defer to tho wishes of the All England Eleven ex- pressed by their captain, Mr H. H. Stephenson, and to play eighteen of the Metropolitan clubs against them in the first match." Mr RUSDEN withdrew his motion in favor of Mr Hall's. He urged upon the committee the propriety of passing this resolution, as both it and the amendment were in fact the same, but the former was the more courteous. Professor Irving contended that the committee owed it to the Melbourne cricketers to state in accepting the challenge to play the smaller num- ber, what had induced them to do so. The amendment was then put. There were 8 votes far and 8 votes against it, and the chairman gave his casting vote with the amendment. Some matters of detail were then gone into, and the committee adjourned until the following day to meet on the Melbourne ground. 