EXPLORATION. We have already chronicled the return of Mr. Landsborough and his party from their expedition across the Australian continent. The results were in every respect satisfactory, and he has not only greatly enlarged our geographical knowledge, but made us aware of the existence of a boundless extent of available country, watered by a river 400 miles in length, and a width of 120 yards when he turned aside from it. Mr Landsborough's route appears to have lain during the main journey to the eastward of Bourke's course, and from the Darling to the Albert never was thirty miles without water. the greatest blank on the Australian map now lies in a north-easterly direction from Swan river. Gregory's discoveries have made us better ac- quainted with the interior of Western Australia than we were ; and from recent discoveries it appears probably that the country gradually improves as it trends to the eastward. If so, an expedition starting from the west coast might not be the hopeless thing it once was esteemed. The highly favorable accounts given by Stuart of the country through which he passed induce one to think that Sturt's desert cannot extend very much farther to the westward than what came within the vision of that explorer, so that now a start might be made from that region to the west- ward, either for the purpose of connecting the dis- coveries of Burke and Sturt with those of Stewart, or should the painful necessity arise of crossing the tracks of that adventurous man who has now been out long enough to give rise to some apprehensions of his behalf. M'Kinlay, who was some time ago aptly designated by the Adelaide Observer "the knight errant of explorers," has at last turned up in an unexpected quarter, having actually per- formed the journey to Carpentaria. "He appears says our contemporary in July last, referring to Howitt's vain attempts to come on M'Kinlay's heels near Cooper's Creek, he appears to ride up and down the almost unknown country of the far north performing various kinds of services, and executing many enterprises ; but his movements appear be regulated by no law, and his in- tentions are a secret which even the government do not appear to share in, or which, at all events they declined to communicate to the public." When M'Kinlay was despatched by the South Australian government about twelve months ago, he was distinctly charged to search for Burke's missing expedition, and afterwards to proceed in a northerly, and then in a westerly direction, with a view of rounding the water known as Lake Eyre, and of then crossing into the new territory which was recently called No Man's Land. It will be re- membered that though M'Kinlay never attempted an explanation of his extraordinary misunderstand- ing at Lake Massacre where he believed the expedi- ion to have been brutally murdered, yet, in the letter written by him, and de- posited in the grave of Burke and Wills by Howitt, it was evident that M'Kinlay was at that time aware of the death of Burke, Wills, and Gray, the relief of King, the despatch of the searching parties by way of the Gulf and Rockhampton, and the the intention of the Exploration Committee to establish a depot at Cooper's Creek, to await the return of any of the exploring parties. M'Kinlay further writes — "I beg to state I am with my party, stationed at a lake, abont eighty-five miles westerly of Yernna Meinea, Cooper's Creek ; and immediately on my return there, I start to the northward, and for the first part of my journey a little to the east of north ; and will, at every suitable camp on my route, bury documents, conveying the in- intelligence. By this means of instruction to the parties in question, it will relieve the party about to be stationed here from the necessity of passing a summer in this hot region. My course will in fact any course southward. Either of the par- ties out northward can make between Eyre's Creek and the late Burke's depot on this creek." The re- trace of the South Australian Government leaves us at a loss to understand whether any despatch has been received from M'Kinlay since that respect- ing Lake Massacre, or whether any additional in- structions had been forwarded to him, but there appears no good reason for supposing that he has been going beyond his instructions or discretion. What has been kept so rigidly a secret by the South Australian Government seems to have been ex- plained. The return of M'Kinlay has caused the greatest possible satisfaction in that colony, and though it has been said that he exceeded his instruc- tions in crossing, the Commissioner of Crown Lands asserted in the Legislative Assembly that a portion of Mr. M'Kinlay's instructions was to look for the locality of the supposed gold field that former ex- plorers had spoken of, and that it is quite likely he may have found gold indications as he travelled northward. The very pleasing intelligence of M'Kinlay's safe return to Port Denison was first notified by the brig Fortune, (Captain Adams), on her arrival at Sydney on the 19th instant. The following telegram dispatched to us from Sydney on the 22nd instant, will place our readers in possession of all we know at present of this interesting fact : — "M'Kinlay and party have arrived in excellent health, per the Balclutha steamer from Rockhamp- ton, in accordance with the report brought here by Captain Adams, of the brig Fortune. He sails this afternoon for Melbourne en route for Adelaide. He states that after leaving South Australia, and after exploring in search of Burke, he was prevented from following his instructions to explore to the westward by heavy tropical rains, which filled the creeks. He went further north, in hope of rounding or crossing the creeks. This he was unable to do, until so far north, that provisions running short, he determined to strike for the Gulf, in the hope of reaching H.M.S. Victoria, and getting a supply of provisions from that vessel, and then returning south-west and ex- plore the country in that direction, according to in- structions received from the South Australian Government. When he arrived at the Albert River he found that the Victoria had left, and he then determined to make for the nearest settlement, having halted a few days to recruit and prepare some provisions in the shape of camel beef, he startd for Port Denison, and struck the settled districts at Harvey and Somers' station, where he was hospitably received. He arrived at Port Deni- son, and sailed in the Ben Bolt as already reported. IThey met the Pioneer with Governor Bowen on board, on its way for Cape Yorke to visit the in- tended settlement there. He says that Rockingham Bay is a preferable spot for the nucleus of a new colony or township. He found some splendid country to the south of the stony desert which he crossed. He had been very fortunate in having always abun- dance of water and good feed during the whole of his journey, extending over one year. He had one very severe encounter with the blacks, who attacked them, but fortunately they were driven off without Uinjuring his small but plucky party." The object of Mr Howitt in remaining so long in he north has been to keep open a depot at Cooper's creek, for the reception of any of the explorers who might have reached that point in their search for Burke's party. All these ex- plorers have now returned by other routes, and the Victorian Exploration Committee long since de- cided that Mr. Howitt should leave Cooper's Creek as early as possible, and bring down the remains of Burke and Wills. Despatches from Mr. Howitt, re- ceived in Melbourne on Friday, communicate the fact that he has received the instructions for his re- call. He expects to be at Blanchewater, on his re- turn journey from Cooper's Creek, towards the end of next month, and therefore he will probably be in Melbourne the remains of Burke and Wills be- fore the close of November. Accompanying the despatches was a copy of Mr. Howitt's diary of an expedition he has made to the northward of Cooper's Creek. On the following Monday there was held a meeting of the Exploration Committee. The secretary said the business of the meeting was to decide upon instructions to be sent to Mr. Howitt, and reminded the meeting that in order that he might receive them on his return to Blanchewater, they must be sent off not later than the 18th of Octo- ber. It is also the duty of the meeting to decide with reference to leaving the camels and appointing a man to take charge of them. It was pointed out that Howitt's instructions were to make all the arrange- ments necessary for their safety, and the question was whether they should be left in the interior or brought down to the Wimmera where the other exploring camels have been taken from Melbourne. Mr. Ligar moved — "That all the suggestions of Mr. Howitt, with respect to the disposal of the stock, be adopted, save that regarding the camels." The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Howitt has been instructed to communi- cate with the society as soon as he reaches the settled districts, in order that preparations may be made for the reception of Burke and Wills's remains. A suggestion having been made that Mr. Lands- borough should not be allowed to leave the colony of Victoria without some recognition of his services in having successfully crossed from Carpentaria to the southern coast, has been promptly responded to. At a public meeting in Melbourne it was resolved, in the motion of the Hon. Matthew Hervey, M.L.C. — "That this meeting congratulates Mr. Lands- borough on his safe arrival amongst us, and is of opinion that his services as an explorer are entitled to public recognition." Dr. Cairns, in rising to move the second resolution, said that when he entered the he had no idea that he would be called upon to do so ; but it was a subject in which he took the deepest interest, and he would therefore trouble the meeting with a few remarks. In Mr. Lands- borough's expedition he felt a peculiar and a per- sonal interest, for he was well acquainted with the explorer, with whose father he was on terms of inti- macy at home. From his earliest years Mr. Lands- borough was taught by his father who was a clergy- man and a philosophical student of nature — to observe everything, to make use of his eyes, to take nothing for granted, and to think well before he spoke. His (Dr. Cairn's) deliberate opinion was that Mr. Landsborough had shown great wisdom in the conduct of the expedition, and clearly proved that he was well up on his work. He had evinced wisdom in design, and judgement and skill in execu- tion. (Cheers.) Looking now at the achievements of Burke and Wills, Walker, Stuart, Landsborough and others, he felt delighted at the prospect opened up, and believed that we inhabited one of the fairest and richest countries on the face of the globe. (Cheers.) The great desert so much dreaded as occupying the interior was probed to be a myth — a mere ghost of desert in fact, and no more than was sufficient to create a pleasing variety of soil. Some fine melons would be grown there perhaps by- and bye. The rev. speaker concluded an eloquent allusion to the benefits preferred on geographical science by Mr. Landsborough's discoveries by moving — "That a public subscription be undertaken to present a testimonial to Mr. Landsborough for his distinguished success in crossing the continent from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Victoria, and discovering country so valuable for colonisation." The resolu- tion was carried. Mr. M'Bean moved the third resolution as follows. — "That Mr. Landsborough be invited to a banquet on which occasion the testimonial may be presented to him. A committee was then appointed to carry out the object of the greeting, and a subscription list at once opened. The subscription now amounts to about £300. 