TOWN TALK AND TABLE CHAT. Tenderr for tbe supply of provisions, fuel, &o.;, for the Cornwall Hospital for the next %\% months, will be received at the Hospital up to noon on Wednesday next, die 7th January. As another instance of the richness of the Manama Diggings, we may mention that Mr. William Thompson, Police Con stable in charge at Mangana, has for warded some beautiful nuggets as Christ mas presents, to his children in Lauuceston. The last, weighing three pennyweights, was received enclosed in a letter to his father-in-law, Mr. John O'Brien, yester day. Mr. Thompson held the position of Dls. Constable for several years in Laun ceston, and subsequently was landlord of the ' Gold Diggers Return.' He speaks very favorably of the success of the dig gers generally at Mangana, A BURGLARY of a very daring and novel description was perpetrated on Mon day night, in the residence of Constable White, Mulgrave-square, near its junction with Howick- street. The burglar entered the house by raising a back wiudow, and stole two fine hams, a piece of ham, some sugar, bread, and a pair of Constable White's uniform trousers. Mrs. White was in her bed-room, . but never heard the cautious burglar at his work. To-morbow Night — Nbw Years' Night— the Theatre Royal will bo the grand scene of attraction. The enter tainment on this occasion, when Mr. Henr3''s valuable Photographic Art Union Prizes will bB distributed, will consist of a Grand Concert by the United Amateur Minstrels — die over ture by die L.V. Artillery Band. This part will be wound up widi diat irre sistibly amusing Iooal song, 'Bitter Beer, expressly composed for the United Amateur Minstrels, to the popu lar air of ' Dixie's Land.' After the first part of this, die L.V. Artillery Band will perform a selection of mar tial nirs in die orchestra. The prizes will then be distributed, after which Miss Amelia Bailey will sing ' Ever of Thee,' the 'Mocking Bird,'' and other favourite sougs. Mr Marquis Chisholm will perform, ii grand solo on tbe harmonium. The third part will consist often of the choicest negro melodies inclnding ' Gentle Nellie Moore' by Massa John son, whose tasteful style of singing end melodious voice on Friday night last deserved special notice. Mr. Henry having sola the whole of the 300 tick ets to subscribers to his Art Union, found it necessary to issue fifty more, but he also proportionately increased the number of prizes both in number and value. Extra prizes to tiioso ? who merely pay for admission to the pit and upper-boxes will also he distributed. The dress circle will bo reserved for the sole use of die subscribers to the Art Union, We have never known so many attractions offered at a single en tertainment in the Theatre Royal on any previous occasion. | The necessity for, and advantage of, establishing a Paper Manufactory in this colony has very frequently forniod the subject of comment in this and other journals. The abundance of soft bark on ; our forest treeB which could easily be con- j verted into pulp, would supply plenty of raw material without resorting to the troublesome process of collecting rags. A ' correspondent writing to the Editor of the 'Adelaide Obsorver' remarks .— 'There are materials here wliich now rot in the streets, and are totally wasted and lost, j which, if collected, could by simple means be manufactured into an important arti cle of daily consumption. 1 mean paper. The manufacture of paper has been suc cessfully carried on in England by a pa- ' tented process, yielding a very large pro fit. One of the materials used in making paper by this process is every description ; of waste paper. By the action of certain chemicals on the pulp, printer's ink and other inks are destroyed, and good paper of any quality is reproduced from it. Science had been engaged for years in the endeavour to discover the means of effecting this reBiilt, but until the present discovery, without success. Now, all ne cessary machinery and apparatus expressly adapted to the purpose could without difficulty be procured from England, and a mill could be constructed within this colony in a situation affording every fa cility for the successful prosecution of such a work. If waste paper could be procured here at an average price of 2d. per pound, or .£10 13s. 4d. per ton, and the paper manufactured from it could be sold at the low average price of 5d. per pound (under the price of imported paper) or £41 13s. 4d. per ton, it will be found, after deducting 132. lls. 5d. — the cost of manufacturing— that a clear profit would result of £l I 18s. 7d. upon every ton of paper made. In estimating the cost of manufacture, 10 per cent, is allowed upon the capital invested in machinery, appa ratus, and building necessary for a mill capable of turning out a ton of paper daily. It would take 425 tons of waste paper to produce 350 tons of paper. If such a quantity oi material cuuia ue procured within the Australian Colonies or else where, a mill such as the one proposed would be able to supply the whole of the colonies with paper, and return a net profit, dtcliisive of 10 per cent, upon cap ital invested, of .£4,550 per annum. Such a mill as is contemplated in these calcula tions could be erected for j£8,000 or per haps less,. If a sufficient quantity of waste paper could not be procured in this and the surrounding colonies, any other'material from which paper could ba made' by the common process could be used at this mill. Tuus waste paper, rags, &c.;, which are now thrown awny, could be converted into a useful and val uable article, and one of general consump tion, and would be an absolute gain of a large amount of wealth to the colony.' Aldebman Johk Scott, with the mo desty and magnanimity for which be is so celebrated, and the earnestness for retirement and seclusion, which has ever marked bis unobtrusive career, — having ascertained immediately after the election of new Aldermen on Saturday, that he had Hot the ghost of a chance of obtaining the Mayoral chair, which every one of his acquaintance is confident he would upon uo account have thrust biinsdf into, de clared to die Aldermen, in the most hon orable way, immediately before they pro ceeded to nominate Mr. Hart, 'that he did uot desire to oppose ' tbat gentle man'6 Candidature for the distinction. TJiis ? looks, however, unhappily, some thing like the old story of ' the fox and the grapes' particularly when it is re membered that for the last tew weeks probable candidates for Aldennamc elec tion, have been canvassed to vote for 'Joliii Scott' to be Mayor' should they be returned. In a leading article on Free Distillation, which lately appeared in tbe ' Adelaide Observer' it was stated : — ' Wo find from the evidence of a gentleman practically acquainted with the manufacture of spirit diat the cost of distilling a good article from grain would be about 4s. Gd. a gallon, and that at the present rate of wages farm ers could not grow die raw material for less than 4s. a bushel, which would make the cost of every gallon of spirit from 7s. to 8s.' This caused Mr. Richard Kcynes, of Tununda, to write to the Editor of the ' Observer ' on the subject, and he says : — ' Since reading die article in question, I have gone to a German resident, who was employed in a large distillery in Germany, (whose name and address I beg to enclose), who' states that he can distill from a bushel of wheat three gallons af spirit at proof, and the cost of production will not exceed Is. per gallon to say nothing of what might be made of die refuse, wliich would leave tbe net price 2s. 4d. per gallon at 4s. per bushel for wheat. I think therefore if the Go vernment granted free distillation, widi a reduced scale of duty, hiking off 2s. per gallon every year until it reached 4s. per gallon, and then let it remain as a protective duty, it would be found very oeneficial to the agricultural and vine-growing1 interests of the colony.'1 This is a valuable hint, and if the course recommended by Mr. Keyes was adopted here, it would prevent many thousands ofpounds from leaving this colony annually, retaining it for tbe purchase of home grown grain by distillers. To distill good spirits, better than die greater portion of those im ported — is a very simple process, nnd there arc hundreds of men in these co lonies capable of managing distilleries. All that is required is a repeal of tht I unjust laws wliich prohibit free die- I tillntion. I The new word Skedaddle which I throughout the American civnl war has I been so frequently in use, is so expres- I sive that it is becoming a general favo- I rite in other climes. In the Federal I States a Northerner who retreats ' re- I tires upon his supports,' but a South- I ernor, is said to 'skedaddle.' The I ' Times ' remarked on die word, and I Lord Hill wrote the other day a short note to prove that it was excellent Scotch. The Americans only misap ply die word, which means, in Dum fries, ' to spill '—milkmaids, for exam ple, saying, you are 'skedaddling' all the milk. The 'Spectator,' thinks diat ' the word is in reality veiy fair Greek, die root being diat of sftcdan nwni. to disperse, to ' retire turaultu ously : ' it was probably set afloat by some professor of Harvard.' The Couiit of Appeal against Municipal Assessment sat in the She- ? riffs room behind the Court House yesterday. It was crowded from 11 until 5 o'clock, there being 318 appeals for hearing. In very many cases die assessment was reduced, but we feel confident diat in most instances the assessment on property throughout die town is in excess, instead of being as elsewhere some 25 pev cent under the rental. A Sacred Conceiit was given in tbe Mechanics' Institute, yesterday evening, by Miss Anielia Bailey nnd Mr. Marquis Chisholm, 'aided by die members of St. Joseph's Choir, and other lady and gentlemen amateurs. Mr. R. Siiorpe presided at die great organ. The concert consisted of selec tions from Handel's, Haydn's, Beetho ven's, Rossini's, and 'Baldi's large works. It was highly successful, and considering the short notice given, it was very well attended. After die con cert, Miss Aidcen, Miss Amelia Bailey, and Mr. Marquis Chisbohn, aided by a lady amateur, and Mr. R. Sharpe, gave a secular entertainment, every pieee in which was enthusiastically applauded by the delighted audience. We are happy to announce to the residents on the Coasts, who have suffered much inconvenience since the departure of the Titania for Ottgo, that Mean. Mc Naughton and Co. will make arrange ments to place a Steamer of 120 tons bur then, on the line between Launeeston, Circular Head, and the intermediate ports, should sufficient inducement offer. And: those intorcstpri in thn trarlA «?» — ? i_j. ? ----— .—,..„.« .u »,».^ iimk me nsuuHcu to communicate with Messrs. McNauglitiui and Co. on the subject. We regret to notice by our Obitnarv of to-dny, the sudden demise of die ' Launceston Reporter.' Miss Amwja Bau.lv and Mr. Marquis Chisholm, aided by the L. V. Artillerv Uaud will give a Grand Moonlight Con cert and display of Fireworks in the Hor ticultural Gardens, on Friday cveniuir lit consequence of this the Artillery Ban! will not perform, as announced, in Prince's Square this week. Admission to the Gar dens will I, on this occasion, be reduced to one isnilung, children under ten years of age, half price. Miss Aitkeu, Miss Amelia Bady, and Mr. Marquis Chisholm will ap pear at Longford and Evandale next week and at AV'cstbury and Deloraine the fol lowing week. .i IiUesterd»y's Gazette it is notified itiatluomas Stephens, Esq.. is appointed nspector of Schools for the Colony - aad Murray Burgess, Esq., Sub-Ins^ctor. Soroll Causeway.-lYastees-SlesJre. p. Allison, It. Blyth, R. Doctor, John Duu babin, and C. HazelL Mr. John White's wider has boon accepted for renting the few Town toll gate for 1863, at £1050. he Municipality of Ross is proclaimed The resignation of James llcid, Esq . as Captain of the 1st Light Cavalry Corns Northern Volunteers, is accepted * 