BRIGANDS IN SOUTHERN ITALY. The Naples correspondent of the Times supplies the following story illustrative of the State of Southern Italy: I have a bandit story, and a true one for you, which is more than can be said of every story that is narrated. I have I alluded to some of the details of it before, but was unwilling to say anything more on the subject until I had seen one of the travellers who was captured by Crocco's and on the 14th of March in the Val di BoA'ino. " We were recommended," he said to me on Wednesday last. "To avoid the diligence, so AVO left Bari in a carriage drawn by five horses, and at Foggia were joined by another carriage with three horses. At a quarter to 9 o'clock in the morning, as we were descending a hill at the bottom of which was a bridge, AVRO saw upwards of 100 men on horseback, and thought that for the moment they were regular troops, but it was soon evident AVC were mistaken and seeing that flight was impossible, Ave pushed on. About 50 of the band crossed over to the opposite side, and when we were about 200 paces distant the captain Miss <»*» Don't move, or you shall have a ball in your ; out with you, you brigands V Orders were then given to the band to rifle the carnage8»*""* to the coach- man to unharness theA\°rses> We were ten of us in all, and a lady among the number, and for four hours and a-half, swerved of everything except trousers and Araís coaí/ Are AVere marched into the woods before the brigands, who were all mounted, and had several led horses. At last, one of our party, a monk, declared he could walk no further, and he and seven others were mounted; for myself, I and a boy were compelled to walk still, and the brigands questioned me as to what was being done in Naples. 'Tiny cry out for Francis H.' I replied, being in great fear, for they want bread,' Ah! I thought it would be so,' said Crocco; ' are there soldiers in your mountains " Yes, Sir, and I will take you there if you like.' ' No, assassin, you must stop with us. Do you know me ?' he continued. ( I was a sergeant in Castel d'OA'o in Naples. What do the Neapolitans say of me and what are you ?,' ' Here is my passport.' Well, on and on Ave Avalli ed until my strength was gone, and after threatening to shoot me, they mounted me and put the boy behind a man. At this moment a brigan tessa came up and said Arm the fellow, or five will shoot him up there. They then compelled me to carry a musket, the poor boy weeping bitterly at the sight. After many miles of walking and riding Ave were halted at length, and bread and cheese were distributed to all. One who was called ' General,' was then pointed out to me, (and I was asked if I knew him He knoWs you all, however, said Crocco. The General was a gentleman and a foreigner, and spoke French with the monk for a long time, and he had a glass with which he looked over the country. After reposing, the General ordered our passports to be read. One by one, eight of us were told off, and put together under a tree, when the ninth was discovered to have been 1st sergeant in some regiment. Don't kill me,' he screamed, and I will join you, I have my horse ready.' ' Assassin !' said the captain, ' no pity for you; you must be shot. Put him alone on the other side. The tenth pass read was still worse that of a Guard of Public Security, Arho was going to Naples on leave of absence, ' Why did you not get any other occupation than that of hunt- ing brigands? You shall be burnt alive. Put him up with the sergeant.' A consulta- tion then took place between Crocco and Sciavone as to what should be done with us. The monk and two merchants were ordered to get 13.000 ducats, on pain of being shot, but they protested they had not a grain. As for myself, the boy, the lady and two others, Ave were liberated, and, after having been misdirected, we got after dark into the Strada Regia, and had the good fortune to meet the postman of BOA ino who was mounted, and conducted us more dead than alive to that city. As Ave- left the brigands AVO heard three shots firechand concluded that the poor serjeant was done for as was really the case, for his body was found by the Nationals the next day. As for the Guard of Public Security, I don't know what became of him, Myimforinant describes 50 of the men as being about 15 or 20 years of age, and the others perhaps 24 or 25, fine-looking young fellows, and apparently conscripts who had fled. They were all dressed as peasants and had plenty of gold about them. Crocco, who has inflicted such terror, is about 23 years of age, had black hair, is thin, with a dark bad countenance, and was " piano score ;" he had a watch and chain, and his fingers were covered with gold rings. Schiavone might be about 40, and is short and stout. As for the " General," who spoke French, " for he did not speak like us," he said that when they got 2,000 men they would not yield to any one, and he expected to be in Naples before long. A good brigand story, like a ghost story, has its interest, and I have given it to you fresh from the mouth of one of the sufferers, and it illustrates the present position of much of Southern Italy. 