TOPICS OF THE DAY. A lecture was delivered on Friday evening, at the Institute, by the Rev. John Gardner, on "Locomo- <*> tion." The chair was taken by Dr. Wyatt, one of the Governors, who introduced the lecturer. The rev. gentleman in his usual forcible and appropriate manner, described the different modes of locomotion that have at successive periods of the world 1* history been introduced amongst men ; beginning with pedeetrianism down to the triumphs of the raOroad. The lecture was ilhistmted with diagrams, and inter spersed with numerous anecdotes, and was listened to with the greatest attention by the audience. With this lecture the spring series terminated. It is, how ever, in contemplation by the Governors of the Insti tute to make arrangements for a eammer series which will commence ere long, and will no doubt meet with that support and encouragement to which their in structive and entertaining character justly entitle diem. To the Governors of tile Institute are due the hearty thanks of the public for the exertions they hare made to provide in these lectures agreeable and intellectual recreation for both young and old. The annual festival of the Congregation of St. Paul's Church was held on Friday evening, the 12th inst-, at the Assembly Roams. The attendance was exceedingly good. After tea Mr. Keville Blyth,M.P., took the chair, and called upon the Rev. A. E. Russell to commence the proceedings with prayer. The Chairman, in a short opaaing address congratu lated the congregation on the completion of die par sonage house during the past year. The choir then sang "O praise the Lord."* Mr. Goode, Church warden, read the report of the charchwork carried on and the financial position of the congregation during the year. A short address by the Archdeacon was followed by another from Rw. D. J. Ibbet?on. A trio by Messrs. H. Goode, Ponnsett, and Scrymgour —" Shepherds tell me"—was warmly applauded, and the Minister of thediureh,the Rev. A. B.BuseeU,then delivered his lecture on "Ghost Stories." The lecture, which was a most interesting one, was listened to with great attention and received the well n>prjtt=A approbation of the meeting. In the interval between the two parts of the lecture, Mr. Cornish performed a solo on the harmonium, and tha Rev. Mr. Marryatt addressed the meeting. The glee " Fair Flora decks," was sung by Messrs. Gaode, Pounsett, Scrym gour, Burgess, and Wright, and evidently gave great pleasure to the audience. At die conclusion of die lecture the Bishop, who had just arrived from the opsning service of St. Saviour's Church, Glen Osmond, addressed a few word* to the meeting. The chorus " Horn amid the MVmih^lh." followed. Totes of thanks to the choir, to the ladies, sad tas Chair man, were unanimoasly passed, and the Bishop dis missed die meeting with the benediction. The friends of die Rot. C. W. Evan wiQ be interested in learning that be has consented to con tinue the pastorate of the church and congregation at Freeman-straet. It is known that in consequence of the delicate state of his health the rev. gentleman s short time since announced his determination to resign his ministerial o?lce, but at a numerously attended church meeting a resolution was carried requesting him to reconsider that decision, and at die came time assuring him that whatever pulpit assistance be might require would be provided by the Church, The result Was, as above stated, that Mr. Evan consented to continue hie ministerial engagement. We understand that Mr. Dutton, M.P, is coming out in the Swiftem-e. Our London correspondent informs us that die third vessel chartered to carry emigrants to Sooth Australia, the Morning Star, now lies in die docks at Birkenhe&d.; She will contain about 400 souls, chiefly Scotch and Irish, and is nearly filled op. Only the tingle women will be carried entirely free, the remainder being assisted. Tenders are out for a fourth ship, to sail with another batch of emierante towards die end of November or beginning of December. In reference to the English harvest the Mark Lame 'Express says— *? The. heavy rains of the past week not being needed to work the eoQ, which had been fairly saturated previously, have done some damage to the small portion of oats and beans not yet gathered, though they have nevertheless been service able to the grass from (he accompanying warmth. No improvement could be expected ia the eampaaiof new wheat, and the old complaint of ** want of con dition" is renewed with serious consequences to far mers, as our foreign supplies have kept pouring in very lavishly, and quite beyond the present consump tive demand.- The public, however, derive mote benefit than importers; while the shipping in terest and holders of waterside premises an not slack to profit by the enterprise. The grower must patiently wait for drying winds to get bis produce in a saleable state; but from whatever quarter these winds blow, there is foreign canvas to welcome tbem on their way to Britain. Unless, therefore, British skill is more than a match for a humid and world-wide competition, the premium, as it aeema, must go into foreign hands. Already our imports nearly equal our growth, and it is a bold match between England and all the world. The depressing accounts of English markets have staggered those of the continent, bat not brought on a parity of prices. France ie veiy little cheaper; Dantzic only gives way about Is. per qr.; Belgium and Holland but slightly yield, and still remain above our rates. The Baltic Elotrly follows ; and Odessa, though much becalmed, aud surprised at the state of things in the West and the the want of orders, waits for better times. The ports in the Mediterranean an also ?low to yield, and, if wheat is rather cheaper in America, there has beea some advance in fine flour." The Utest Hark Lane quotations are as foiUow:—Wheat, per quarter. Eases and Kent, white, new 46s to 54*, old 50s to 58a; do. do., red, new 45s to 525, old 60s 569; Norfolk, Lincoln, and Yorkshire, red, new 46s to 525, old 50s to 55b. Flour, per sack of 2801b*, town, households, 43s to 51s; country, do. 34e to 37s do., households, 38s to 41s; Norfolk and Suffolk, ex ship, 33s to 365. Foreign grain is quoted as CoQows: —Wheat, per quarter, Dantzic, mixed 54s to 565, extra 68s to 60s; Konigsberg, mixed Sis to 655, extra 56s to 58s; Rostock, mixed 50s to 545, fine 55s to 57a ; American, red winter 525, spring 45s to 48s, white 52s to 555; Silesian, red 50s to 5Ls, white 52a to 544; Pomera, Mectberg, aai Uckennrk, red 50s to 53s ; Danish and Holstein, red 60s to 52*; Russian, hard 424 to 435; St. Petersburg and Riga, 46s to 51s; French, none; Rhine and Belgium, 60tf to 535. Floor, per sack, French, none; Spanish, 40s to 455; American, per brL, 22s to 245; extra and dole., 25s to 27c An accident occurred in Bundle-street about 4 o'clock on Friday afternoon. Mr. Homenham'a trap was standing near If r. Calder's shop, in Bandls stxeet, and Mr. WigzeU, Hie fruiterer, had just come out of his yard, and was driving his horse and cart down the etreet, whoa the horse became onmanqge-: able and dashed the cart against Mr. Homersham'a trap. The hone in the latter, being' frightened, dashed down the Btreetand ran up against a bntcher'e cart coming up, near Sodson's. ' Mr. Hotnersham'e cart was capstEed, and the shafts broken short oC The horse bolted with the harness and broken shafts hinging round him, down Bundle and Tavistock Streets into North-terrace, where he was ultimately headed, end stopped. 