EDINBURGH ETCHINGS^ C KETCHES 01' P1A.0E8 AND PeMOKB IN AND ABOUT Auld Rbeeib. Bv Pbtek 'P0S80M. HOLYllOOD^rABT TUB SECOND. Cioeeoni, whether official or amateur, »re inenauie nuisances. In an ethical point of view the latter are fte more odious, aince they inflict their tedLoiunesi for nothing— it is not their bread- winning business to bore, and yet they will persiat In doing bo. Ihe 41 inevitable adTOcate,' to borrow a phrase from the Editor of Chambers' Journal, ot Edinburgh Bocicty, ib an incorrigable offender in this line. The ' Kepre psntntive Man ' of the clasB is a glib youth whose fondness for black broadcloth and white neck-cloth, no matter what the time of day, causes him frequently to be thought a waiter ; who looks upon his little «ity as i ofiipaXoc rijc yijc. and takes « — , — the rustic murmur of bis bourg For the great wave thai echoes round tho world ^ho believes himself to be, potentially, the foremost man in the said bourg, but being at present, by hard fate and unappreciaiing agents, prevented from manifesting his superiority in Parliament Bouse, indemnifies himself by drenching with talk, which is neither broad Scotch nor pure English (but which be firmly believes to be the finest specimen of the latter) any unfortunate on whom he ean force himself as a guide about his 'own xomantic town.' Happen to be hedged in the neigh bourhood of such a one squiring a party of ladies, old and young, at the Scotch .Royal Academy Exhibition, and if you can ever afterwards look upon any picture which he criticised without a ' scunner,' great must be the merit of that picture, or marvellous your power of endurance. Dead flies cause the ointment of the apothecary to send forth a stinking savour ; this very lively buzzer is likely to make you loath the finest work ef the artist. Paid ciceroni, however, must set escape without farther severe condemnation. When you want to muse in a 'show place ' it is a (eirible infliction to be compelled to listen to a guide clacking out his pairot-story with a mill-like monotony ; when you wish to linger you also wish to punch the head of the attendant to whom time is money, and who, therefore, hurries you on in order that he may, as speedily as possible, pocket your half-crown, and begin te earn another. The old gentleman in charge of the Holyrood Pic ture Gallery, being paid by salary, is not obnojuous to the charges I have brought againBt the majority of the curators of antiquities. Lolling on his little table beside the door, or, if it be winter, with disparted coat-tails roasting himself before a gloriously ruddy and roaring fire, he takes your guide-book, dog-ears the page at which you must begin for guidance, and then, unless requested to accompany you in your re searches, leaves you to your own devices. ' What a jolly room for a ball ! ' is the exclamation which generally first springs from the sweet and now a-days slangy lips of English young ladies, when first ushered into the chamber. It «- a jolly room for a ball— 150 feet by 24— and in it a memorable ball ?was given (tide 11 Waverlcy'). The Lord High Com missioner of the Kirk now holds his levees in it ; on which occasions the white- breasted, black-bodied reverend reverence™ of the Queen's authority in Scottish Church as well as State, being (like their brethren of the unestablished Scottish denominations), for the most part, unaware what to do with their ums when they are expected to ' behave pretty,' look very ncuch like broken-winged magpies. Dis mally seedy, were it not for the uniforms of the military, would be the procesBion of the Lord High Commissioner from Holyrood to St. Giles's. The London Lord Mayor's show is gaudily stupid : the Edinburgh Lord High Commissioner's progress to Kirk is a shabby absurdity. The pictures in the Pic ture Gallery are not remarkably interesting. Theycon eist, for the most part, of fancv.portraits of mythic as well as historic kings of Scotia. A Flemish artifit, in 1684, contracted to paint a hundred and ten royal portraits — he to find canvas and colours, the Govern ment to supply him with originals to copy from. Caractacus and Macbeth are included in this series of ' painted lies.' There is, however, one thing genuinely Scottish in the gallery. An angel is de picted with high cheek bones and red hair. There is, unfortunately, a great deal of dreamdis turbing sham in liolyroyd. \ou enter what is called Lord Darnley's audience chamber, and come upon a Eicture profesting to be a portrait of John Knox, oon, however, you learn that ' many are sceptical on the subject.' You see a 41 Head, said to be Sir Welter Raleigh,' a 44 Cardinal Beaton ' *? doubted by many.' ' Bother their doubts !' you feel inclined to cry. Leaving the ill fated Darnley's '? audience chamber,' you enter a room built by Charles the Second. It is impossible to refrain from a cynical grin when you find that the chief attraction of the chamber which owes its origin to that 44 most religious King,' is a piece of tapestry bear the motto, 44 iu hoc vinc.-s,' I wonder what kind «fmanRiccio really was. A sneakingly presumptuous 'foreign fiddler' is the character which rank ceverencing young British Respectability iB taught by its school histories to assign to him. Por my own part, I can forgive Mary for her liking for him — suppos- ing it te be guilt) — far more readily than I can for her resignation in tbe embraces of that boisterous biute of a Bothwell. I picture _ to myself Mary, who had a poetic element in her, and remembered regretfully the amenities of the French Court, from which she had come to receive a crown, which, no doubt, she considered a beggarly boon, quite innocently enjoying Riccio's songs, sayings, and soothing courtesies, as reminding her of the civilised land from which she was exiled, as contrasting with, the vapidities and rudeneeses of that very unterest ingly fast young man, her husband. However, poor wretch, he got well blown up by somehudy for hu bad behaviour, and, therefore, hoping that his wife did not ? i.:_ A... t ? f..l 1.^.... t ..... Sim down no longer. In one corner of his bedroom in Eolyrood there is a turret- closet, on which openB a stair case by which his co-assassins came up to arrange for the Italian secretary's murder. The waxen representation in Baker-street, London, Of Marie Stuart waxing 44 waxy' in an interview with John Knox, many of my readers doubtless have seen ?-Madame Tassaud and Sons being the historio graphers (whose sincerity may be doubted, since they Wrought in ctra.) The interviews of which the group alluded te is the ridiculously incongruous record came off in the next room you enter, 44 commonly called Queen Mary's A.udience Chamber.'4 It is a bedroom now. There stands a state-bed, with crumb* ling velvet curtains. Zn it your attendant would have you believe that lying 44 blessed martyr,' King Charles the First, once lay. Because the king lied, the curator need not lie about the royal lying. In the said bed, however, you may believe that the Young Pretender, little thinking that he would ever become a drivelling drunkard, with a disagree able right to sport the horned Holyrood arms— Ant slept, and that his conqueror, the moon-faced Duke of Cumberland (after the battle of Culloden) did there Bleep after bim. 44 Adversity makes us acquainted With strange bed- occupants,' muBt have creaked the necessarily- Jacobitical bedstead, when the in- tumbling Hanoverian incubus threatened to crack its battens. Hush ! for you are entering Queen Mary's bedroom. « Crimson damask, with gtecn silk fringes and tassels' is the official description of yonder bed hangings. Dim and dusty is the crimson ; putridly dull, like that of a wave-tossed corpse is the green, and yet, alas, you cannot feel sure Wat Queen Mary ever slept upon the bedstead beside which those hangings hang. In this room, however, I flhe dept. In that little room opening out of it her maidens used to flutter about her as she dressed : and passing into the north-west turret, you enter the me morable supper, room. Scanty remnants of tapestry, looking like dirty cobwebs, cling to the top of the vails. These are really as old as they are reported to be. Mary's skirts have brushed against the arras, ef which they are the sole remains. Yonder armour, however, ana clumsy pair of thick-soled boots, said to be Darnley's, most probably felt the hammer and the swl no earlier than in the Becond Charles's reign. A very little room it is— not big enough to awing a est Sn, as the BBying goes ; and yet here - ?he eat supping with a party of fire Sn the evening of that bloody ninth of March. Looking out through the small turret window you can call up the whole scene. In the | ' place ' in front of the Palace there is suddenly a confused sound of feet and voices. A crowd dimly discernible in the evening dusk has poured into the square and proceeds to surround tne house. The Eates are opened, and some two hundred men tramp ito the dark quadrangle. Grimly their leaders walk up and down tie darker corridors. The door of a Srivate staircase iB opened, and, stumbling in tbe arkness, the chosen assassins grope their way up to Darnley's room. Suddenly Darnley enters the supper-room, and, feigning fondness, flings his arm around the Queen's waist. She wonders, and then, shudders, for the arras is once more lifted, and— pale as a ghost, ferocious as * fiend— r Xtuthven, who has risen from a sick bed to do murder, stalks into the chamber. Wary commands him to withdraw, but there comes a tush of feet, torches flare, swords and daggers gleam, the room is full of ruffians. With a crash and clatter $be supper table is overturned— roughly thrown back upon the pregnant Queen. Behind her, clutching her robe, and passionately pleading for protection, crouches Riccio. Darnley bends back the fingers of the miserable nan, frantic with fear, and then holds back the Queen, _ who Btrugglee to become once more his shield. A pistol is presented at her breast. Over her shoulder the luckless wretch is stabbed. They disg him from the room, sticking and slashing as they go. Be fallB dead at the top of the staircase. Your attendant takes you to the spot and bids you examine the planks. Painfully peering through the gloom you fancy yoi can make out something which looks like sn amorphous grease-stain. It is blood, however, which has written its record there. Three hundred years ago thoee planks were sodden with gore, and Btill thoy attest the horrible story. You come back to the turret-room and behold in fancy Miry trem bling in naturally womanly fear whilst the bloody work is being done, but when it is done, drying her eytt with a hot glance of vengeance. Ruthven, drunk witn exultation at the gratification of hiB malice, reils in and demands a cup of wine to recruit liis weary frame. In this room, too, was Mary when the inhabitants of Canongate, headed by their provoBt, rushed on the following Sunday morning to the leBcue of their Queen, who, however, by threat of being cut into collopB by her chivalrous gaolers, was prevented from speaking to the honest burghers, Darnley dispersing them by a lying intimation that her Majesty was safe, and wished tlum to depart. Roufless stands the chapel o: King David ; grass grows amid its memorial slabs, but the ruin is still rich in beauty. When the night wind sighs through its glaasless windows and tlit moonlight silvers the capitate of its cluBteied colunns— bringing out face and foliage in clear yet mellowed relief— and traces with silent finger the crossei and calvaries, swords and shields, cbaliceB andhamners, legends and dates, carved on the crumbling gravntones— a sweetly solemn place must be the chspel. But at such a time you cannot, visit it, and by daj an obsequiously Bmiling | curator, planted in 1 box like a dock clerk, with 41 views' for sale spread out before him, considerably detracts from the poetical impressivencfis of the pllce. Within its walls kings and queens have been crowned, married, buried. Its most striking association with Royalty, however, is an inscription made by Time — a moat satirical ' sermon in stone.' Above the doorway in the west front there is a tablet, erected by Charles the First, bearing these words — 44 He shall build ane house for my name, and I will siabtish ihe throne of his kingdom for Bot what connection is there between Holyrood and De Quincv ? may exclaim thoBe of my readers who have also tead my first paper on the place. This. At the foot of the 1 Canongate a line of stones in the causeway marks the commencement of the Sanctuary of Holvrood, a sanctuary for indolent debtors, not fraudulent^ who may wander free from fear of arrest throughout the whole of the Queen's park, when they have regularly entered themselves inhabitants of thia suburb of refuge— on Sundays being at liberty to roam whither soever inclination leads them. More than once was the opium-eater one of these 44 Abbey Lairda.' I will finish off with a good Btory. Hotly hunted by a 44 messenger,' a debtor rushed down Canongate ; just as he reached the Sanctuary's boundary he fell, with half of his body within, hslf outside the privileged spot. The officer seized him, but soon had reason to consider himEelf a foolish bum-bailiff ; since the judge, to whom an appeal was made, ruled that the ' nobler parts of the debtor's person' having been within the sanctuary at the time of the seizure, hiB lower extremities ought in equity to participate in the privilege. 