PARAGUAY. AT the beginning'of the sixteenth century, the Spaniards, in their progressive advance along the Kastern coast of South America, reached the month of the great river which hears tho produce of the present Argentine Republics to the nea. Coustantly urged by a craving for tho precious metals, they fancied they had found their mythical El Dorado hore, and gave the giant river the name of the Silver Stream, or Rio de la Plata. Juan Diaz di Solea, tho discoverer of tho conntry, was killed by the Indiana, whom he treated with all the brutality of the Spanish Conquis- tadora : Gahota, the second Spainard who sailed up (he La Plata, also came into collision with the quarrelsome savages, and lost so many men, that he was compelled to retreat to Spain. Tho first mau to reach the modern Paraguay was Pedro di Mendoza, who started from Seville in 1531, with fourteen vessels, 2,050 Spaniards aud 150 Germans. He became the founder of Buenos Ayres aud Assorapcion, the present capitals of the Argentine Provinoes and of Paraguay, The Spanish Viceroys of the sixteenth century,.only knew twa ways of treating the Indians ; the poor Redskins were either killed, or captured to be made serfs. After some Boventy years had elapsed, they began to remember that certain Christian duties should be performed toward the primitive inhabitants of the country ; and missionaries were sent for from Europe, lt waa the period when the Jesuits had attained their greatest renown ; and it was only natural that Fathers, belonging to their order, should ha seleotod. Two Jesuits reached Paraguay ia 1609, and were speedily followed hy two more. ïhe two Misston«, loreto and San Ignacio Guazs, became the nucleus of a kingdom, whose government and fate belong to the most remarkable episodes of later history. This kingdom lasted for one hundred and fifty years ; and realized not alone the ancient idea, of theocracy, but, at the same time, tho modern notion of a communistic association. Tho Jesuit state of Paraguay was, de facto, independent, and perfectly closed against the outer world. Not the slightest influence was allowed to tho Viceroys, or the land- owners, whom the Indians had hitherto served. The Viceroy was not even allowed to enter the territory of the Missions, unless known to be a blind venerator of the Jesuits ; or when it was thought advisable that a favourable report, as to the working of the Mission, should reach Madrid. The Missions certainly paid taxes, in thc shape of parish rates, and a poll tax for eaoh male Indian ; but tho state rarely reoeived, ready money from them, ns oach Mission obtained a oertain annual amount from tho Trea- sury, and the Jesuits always contrived to balance their debit and credit. . As the viceroy was only exceptionally admitted to the Missions, we can easily assume that tho tax- gatherer and controller had even less access. In truth, every Spaniard was kept out; cleric and layman, official and officer, tradesman and artizan, "in order that the innocence of the converts might not be affected." In order to keep up their system of isolation, tho Jesuits fenced in their territory triply; round each village, pasture ground, and Mission, a deep moat was dug, with a wall be- hind, bristling with chevaux de frise. Substantial gates, hold by a strong guard, were also erected at the places necessarily left open for communication between tho Missions, and for trade purposes. The Jesuits were tho absolute rulers within this ring-fence. In each village there were two Padres, one for the clerical. tho other for the secular government. The former hid himself, as far as he could, from profane eyes ; shut up in his house, which was never entered by an Indian, he only emerged from his seclusion to read Mass. At snch times he walked in solemn procession to church, attired in tho most costly and splendid robes, and accompanied by nu- morous sacristans, musicians, and choristers. The Mission Church was an edifice imposing through its size—perhaps, to our taste, overladen with altars, carving', statues, and gildings, but excellently calculated to blind tho eyes of raw Indians, and Impart something superhuman to the Priest, who never appeared before them save in tho highest ecclesiastical pomp. The Jesuit entrusted with secular matters was among the Indians every hour of the day. Supported by a species of Town Council, whose existence kept up the show of parochial self-government, he guided every movement and occupation of tho Indians. Each Mission village was a Phalanstery on the Fourier system, under despotic authority. The Padre allotted certain em- ployment to the Indians, both male and female ; and what they produced did not belong to them, but to the com munity. Agricultural produce was stored up in large gra naries; and what the village did not consume was placed in bags, and sold at towns on the river's bank, on accoont of the Priests. The return cargo of the boats -principally coloured calicoes and ornaments/, was also placed in .the storehouses, and gradually distributed among the most obe- dient and industrious Indians of both sexes. Their love for gaudy colours was thus perfectly satisfied, while their food was good and abundant. The Jesuits did not keep more shepherds than was ab- solutely necessary ; for a pastoral life promotes a feeling of independence, which the Jesuits did not at all desire to see spring up. The women washed and cooked, or spun and wove cotton ; needle-work was taken from them and entrusted to the servants of the Church. Most of the men were employed in the fields ; and what Fourier desired to introduce in his Phalanstery, was an established custom in the Missions. Each morning the labourers marched out to work to the merry strains of a band ; a statue of a saint, fastened on a pole, represented the flag; and the first business was to build an harbour, in whose shadow the statue was placed. Work never lasted longer than half a day ; and when it terminated they marched baok to the village in the same order, when a dance generally formed the close of the day ; and no Sunday passed without festivity and sport. The Jesuit system, we allow, would never have produced among the Indians any civiliza tion deserving the name; but at the same time, it was impossible for a revolt to occur. The Redskins were timid, and the animal life in the Missions, with little work, and plenty of dancing, and sport, greatly pleased them. On the other hand, tho Missions were a thorn in the flesh of the white colonists. Everybody grumbled, because the Jesuits exercised autocratic power, and kept aloof from the rest of society, as if it were im- pure. Hence, the Spanish bigotry had scarce begun to yield to the infiuences of the philosophic century, ere the motives for the system of isolation wore critically investiga- ted. The uneducated declared that rivers full of gold and silver were concealed behind tho moats and palisades of the Missions ; while educated persons spread a report, that the Jesuits intended to throw up their allegiance to tbeSpanish Crown so soon as they felt themselves powerful enough to do so. The latter accusation was not entirely unfounded ; for tho great majority of the Jesuit Missionaries were Italians, Germans, and English ; and not the slightest influence was allowod to the few Spaniards living among them. They had their own army and artillery, and attached the greatest importance to the military training of their red proteges. Tho Court of Madrid believed the accusation, and the missions were dissolved in 1767. The Jesuits endured the blow, and their pupils were scattered about the forests. At the close of tho century there were only -10,000 inhabitants in the Mission villages ; which, in 1767, had counted 144,000. At the present day, only ono village, Candelaria, recals the old Jesuit Govern- ment, One hundred and fifty years alter Charles the Third's decree, the ghost of a Communistic despotism again stalked through Paraguay, Gaspar Rodrigues Francis, the gal vnniser of the corpse, had evidently taken a lesson from tho Jesuits, although there could not be a more' embittered foe of the Clergy than he proved himself. From the year 1814, when the origin of his Dictatorship may be dated, up to his death, in 1840, Paraguay was again a Pha- lanstery ; not so logically carried out perhaps, as under the Jesuits but established on a far more extended scale ; for if formerly, only the Indians were expected to eat, drink, and be merry, by order, under Francia, all classes of the popu- lation were compelled to dance like puppets pulled by a string. Once again a blookade against foreigners was es- tablished ; once again everybody had to undertake the tasks which were considered most suited for his limited intellect. There was this difference, however ; under the Jesuits, men were worked to the sound of music ; but Francia had another mode of spurring on the indolent—the penalty of death. In this manner he gained his object, and was proud of it. " Look at the result !" he once said to an European guest, whom he, contrary to his rule, let out again of the vast prison, called Paraguay, " compare Paraguay with the States of the Argentine Confederation. Paraguay produces sufficient, and my people live quietly and comfortably. What did it cost me? Tho death and imprison- ment of a handful of restless fellows. And what have the Porteños, the Athenians of Buenos Ayres founded? They have given tho cry of liberty to all tho wiuds of tbe Pampas ; but everywhere, they have crested a desert, and scattered around the bones of a population, murdered through their foolish squabbles." Paraguay, which has bean twice closed, has now again opened its portals wide to foreign' commerce. It is only a pity that the access to these portals is very difficult ; that steppes, swamps, and impenetrable forests surround the country ; and even the Parana, which offers the most con- venient approach, can scarce be used, owing to its narrow course, which runs through shifting sand-banks. The present rulers have displayed the best will to enter into communication with the rest of tho world, as is proved by their commercial treaties with France, Sardinia, Prussia, and the United States. Navigation is declared free on tho Parana and the Paraguay, and the commerce of those States is placed on the same footing as the nation. As to the future, whioh the present policy of the Govern- ment promises, we are not so sanguine about it as is the Belgian Colonel, Du Gratz, the author of the most recent work which has appeared about Paraguay. We certainly allow that Paraguay - the disadvantages of its geographical position being left out of tho question - possesses the natural conditions for prosperity, The climatic extremes are from plus 4 degrees - plus ó. " 'grecs Reaumur ; the average température ¡9, in summer, ¡2* degrees : in winter, 14 degrees. Tho sky linearly-always cloudless, and the nights more espaciatly are remarkably clear. , A sou thorn wind bringa rain, the north wind heat, and the sudden change between the two winds is one of the clima'io dis- advantages. Any duration of the north wind is extremely dangerous, for at such a time fevers set in ; healthy per- sons are unnerved, the cattle hang their hoads, plants rot away, and metals rust with extraordinary rapidity. As if in punishment of the blind greed with which the first Spaniards in Paraguay sought for the king- dom of the Silver King, and Trapalanda, the Eldorado, -with its silver walls, golden roofs, and diamond windows, Nature has denied the country the noble metals. Iron and copper, fine marbles, and a few semi-precious stones exist. The vegetable world contains the treasures, however, whioh, if properly employed, would lend to power and wealth. Para fuay boa'ts of the jute, which has recently began to tukoeo igh a place in trade ; and a cocoa fibre, considered equal to Manila hemp. The sugar-cane flourishes excellently ; and if the sugar he not better than it is, the fault lies with its wretched mode of preparation. Cotton grows nearly wild, and supplies n long fine thread ; the Commercial Chamber of Antwerp haa reoently estimated its value at sin pounds the fifty kilos. In the forests are various dyeing woads, whioh would favourably compete with any brought into tho European makots. Paraguay tea, which is the largest artiole of export (44 million lbs. annually), only finds admirers and oonsumers in South Amerioa. On the other hand, Paraguay tobacco would be highly esteemed in Europe ; cigars are made of tho best leaves, which, when they have been stored a certain longth of time, are very slightly inferior to the best Havannah brands. They can be purchased at about thirty shillings a thousand, while tho driest cigars from Cuba are not to be procured in bond under seven pounds the thousand. For three years past the Paraguay Govornmc nt bas been engaged in a railway to run through tho most densely populated part of the country, from Aisompcion to Villanía. Colonel du Gratz, however, is of opinion that a connection by rail with Buenos Ayres, would havo been preferable to this inland railway. Even if a line were made to the conflu- ences of the Parana with the La Plata river, the country would be opened up to European traffic ; and until that is effected, we cannot expect any brilliant future from Paraguay. It is to be hoped, therefore, that the attention of English capitalists may be directed to this little-known land, because the convulsions in North America hold out a promise of great prosperity for the Southern Republic. At a time when Lancaster is crying for cotton, no land, where its growth is possible, should be neglected ; and the Man- cheater Chamber of Commerce would act wisely by investi- gating the truth of Colonel du Gratz's statements, as to the value of the Paraguay staple. Te those who take on in- terest iu the subjeot, we aan cordially recommend his ' volume, as containing much useful and practical Informa tion._. * " La ftopubllu.ua «lo 1'araguirjr." JBruxollos: O Muquardt. MAnnTiNO A STEPMOTnriR.-In tho siithcontury Ermon gist, the King of the Vinni, when at the point bf death, required his son Rudiger, to marry Iii'stepmothe*. " eren as our nationnl anBtom requires." As tho stepmother was a daughter of the Frankish king Theuddbert, the command might possibly have boen given from political motives ; bot lot them have been what they may, the son - obeyed under i cironmstancs peculiarly painful and dangerous. At the time when Eadigormarriod his stepmother lia was enamoured j and beloved of an Anglo-Saxon lady, the sister, of a King of j the East Angles, who no sooner heard of his infidelity than j she determined to punish it. With the assistonoo of her [ brother, Bbs is said to have raised an Anglo-Saxon army, and, I passing over to tho Confinant, invaded tho territory of her falibles» lover. The king marched against her, but was .' defeated in battle, and in his flight was captured by the I conquerors, bound, and brought before his offended mistress with a view to execution. Soo covered bim with reproaches .' for his hreaoh of faith, but offered to spare his life on con- j dition that he would immediately repudiate bis stepmother ! and marry her. It is unnecessary to add that the yo-ng king preferred this arrangement to any ono of the numerous modes ot execution at that lime prevalent; that the eld r linly din pi ears from the scene; and that tho young couple " were duly married, aud lived happily over afterwords.-ri ll* Anglo Saxon Home, By John Tkrupp, I 