dante's vita nuova. The lovo of Durite for Beatrice is something moro than a more episode in tho life of a great man. Ho hiinsolf, in tho first passion of his grioF, " all drowned in tears within this clcso-' late cily," declared that ho was " abandoned by his salvation," but, looking back across past years in tho days of his exile, he know that tho vision of tho invisible world had been opened to him by the woman he loved and lost. Separation and death had raado their union ntoro spiritual and intimate. The Xcw Life, or history of his love, is, therefore, tho preamble to tho great tragic trilogy of tho "Divina Commodia," without which it cannot really bo understood. Danto tells u3 so him- solf boforo a lino of tho " Inferno " was yet written : " So if it shall please Him by whom all things livo to spnro my life lor came years longer, I hope to say that' of her which never yet lintli bcon said of any lady, and tiion muy it pleaso Him who is tho Fathor of all good to suiter my soul to soo tlio glpry of its m'strcss, that is, of this sa'intod Beatrice, who now, abid ing in glory, lookoth upon , the fane ol Him l who is blessod through all ages." How tho deep gozo that was strained during tho whole lifo upon spiritual realities camo at last to see tho depths. of Buffering, tho agonies, of the penitential circles, and tho fulness of unuttor- nble glory, is matter of common knowlodgo. But, as the prophet, in Danto is only tho purified man, so it is difficult to understand the ecstasy without studying tho life that made it pojsiblo : and until wo know that tho moral jnslght and moral calm of tho poet are tho 'aftergrowth of intenso passion and deep suffer ing ns well ns of inspiration. Several foolish attempts have been tnndo to show that tho .whole story of tho JYeto Lfc is an allegory. If Dante's positivo and circumstantial narra tive were not sufficient in itself to refute tliom, Itlio- ""Divina Coramedia" would bo: tho IGhibcUino statesman and husband of Gemma iDounti, from whom he lived soparatc for years, 'could never hnvo swooned for grief at tho story of Francesco da Rimini. The lover of the Beatrico had a hitter spring of sympathy :in his own heart. Abovo all, tho saying of Novaks tnay 'be inverted, and wo may bo sure that the man who Bees God sees no ghosts. 'Truth in poetry is tho surest attainable proof of reality in 1Kb. Dante was a boy of nine when he first met Beatrice Portinnri, a girl of eight, at u merry making iu her father's house. Her appearance intiiraoted him, and lie loved, us an imuginativo Southern boy 'miglit, to watch for her and look upon her. But tho consoiousnoss of an ab sorbing passion for her dates from a period inino years later (1st May, 12S3), when lio saw her " urrayod in, tho purest white, between two noblo Indies, d'der than herself, and us alio passed ulong the street biio turned her eyes rtowcrdsithe spot where I, 'thrilled through and through' with nwo, was standing,' rind in iter ! ineffublo'courtesy, whieh now liath its guerdon jiiii everlasting life, she saluted mo in such grariiou? wiso that I seemed hi that, moment to behold tho utmost bounds of bliss." Without ! accepting as genuine tho poem of " tho Por- ftrnit," which Fraticclli shows good ground for .rejecting, wo agree with Mr. Martin in believing that it represents tho typo of beauty which Bbctriiee possessed, as in fact it agrees with her reputed picture and with Dante's scattered hints. '' The noble presence and quiet, graceful Step; thn - .pslc, massive -browj— shaded by an amber idloud -of hair;; the calm sunny eyes and angelic smile— mere lovers' Iangu age as itlfis may scorn— arejet' sufficiently distinct to separate Beatrice from the Ma donnas of Raphael and Coreggio, quite as much as from tho imperial brunettes of con ventional". Italian paintings. Qriict good sense and a certain absence of imagination are the .usual cho.-notcristies of this type in the South ; and' the lit. '.Ie we know of Beatrico goes far to show that she was a well- behaved, sensible ivottam, whoso: path in life was quite outside p.iotry. Between tho critical meeting and her de.ath in-Obtobor, 1290, there lies a period of mo. "0 than soviin years, during which Dante's lovo lasted -on, unabated by her marriage, of whio.h wo only know that it took place boforo Junun ry, 1287, and ' probably not very long bofore. Sow, although the customs of tho timo didnota Uowofrauch intercourse between young ibon and women, wo know that Dante mixed largely in tiio sooioty of Florence, that ho was tho intima te friend of Beatrice';! brother, that Boatriiio herself lmd -penetrated his secret while it was yet ; unsuspected by othors, and that -.sho was angry with him for foisnino an unreal passion for other ladies- in ordor to divoi't attention from his mistress; that most gontlo- ..boring , . , .L denied mo when sho passed mo tlia.t most grnoious saluta-. tion wbioh-,was my nil , in all of-bliss.',' But tho very genuine language 'in which lie com plains of her as one wlioite heart could "not Readily bo moved, seem? to t how . that , oven if, she wisliod to retain his,, allegiance us a lover, sho never encouraged him /is a suitor. , In, our ignoronco of the fact's ottoudriug hoi- marring?; it is impossible to priss such h phrase us' " fair traitor," which.is supposed in iWof the son- nets to'oliudo to hor ; ratlior it'sitems probablo that sho looked on the poet, as an, inspired boy, who was very fit to fill Floron,\e with hor praise, and whose lovo— tho passion, o'f a hoy— was rather matter o,f amusement than , of eerir oiis concern. . Ho himself, has related Iw's first' meeting with her after tho marriage. Quito unprepared to see. lier, lie staggered in, a epaam, of agony against' tho, pointed wall- of tho chamber where they mot, and a, peal of inorry 'laughter' from Beatrice' and' lier lady friends greeted his despair. Koenly as lie' felt the mockery, lie consoled himself, no doubt truly, with tlio refleotiou that sho could not liavo understood .his suffering; he told lier" in characteristic verses that her .presence mado liirn feel tho pangs of tho damned. But anger and bitterness left liiin when sho died. He remembered only that his .love for lier had kept, him from all baseness; if it hud becnunrequited ho ascribed it to his own short-comings, which mado him unworthy hor companionship. His. dreams were thronged with angelic presences ; he saw tlio s'oiil "of Beatrice, borne up into pier- feet pcaco ; lie saw heaven' shining with lovo's own light. Wo know'/ from tlio witness of a friend, tjiat/hisown description fails to'compass the reality of his grief; life nlmost gave way under -the great' shook. Thenceforward tlio plan, many-sided as human nature itself, magistrate,1: soldier, student, and politician, With koon oyes to sco beauty, and strong pas sions to desiro it, .had yot a lifo apart from tho world, a memory more vivid than thr.presont, a lovo, that grow with ago and mado, wisdom beautiful. ; . , , , r '; Mr. Martin, in his thoughtful and excellent preface, takea a-, rather different,. view, of tlie relations of "Dante and Beatrico from that wluph wo have indicated in our narrative." Ho boHsvea in 'Beatrico, as an exemplar of perfect Womanhood," who' " smiled her own gentleness' and purify into the hoart of 'Dante," and was afterwards "transfigured into a semblance glori fied, indeed, yot scarcely mora' pure and saintly than , that which, sho woro .on earth.". Ho explains away tho scene, iri which slio'ridioules lier lovor, by " tlio' necessity of not seeming to encourago or ' sympathise with him," and' believes that " sooner or lator, . before. Beatrico died there crimo a day when words passed between them, which helped to reconcilo Danto to tho doom that severed ' her from his sido during hor all too brief sojourn on earth." Tho' spirit- that inspires this theory is ; so revoront and beautiful that wo should scarcely euro to contradict it, if it were not a little false to nature,- and to tho highest, art as well as to history. Mr. Martin is evidently perplexed by Dante's continued lovo for a married -woman, and by tho ovorpowbring character of a passion which met with no onoouragemcnt. Tlie first difficulty admits wd believe of easier solution than cari be given by tho hypothesis that "the lovo of Dante' was of on . order too pure and noblo to occasion distrust." Admitting his almost supernatural greatness, ho was still n ! hot- blooded Italian, whoso life, like that of his . follows, was - traversed by little -frailties of tlio flesh, and if loving Beatrice, and believing thnt sho returned his passion, ho continued to risit at her husband's hoase as a friend, his seit- reliont Flatonism, to call it by i ho inil-ii-sl name, would liavo been oriinina1. , Tl'.o plain foot is, that lio' lived in times when thu wife was jealously guarded, when it was considered-' no dishonour in tho man to intrigue, I hough it was crodilablo in tho woman to resist, and when passion was more open and loss artificial than it became in inter centuries. Inlnjing his heart at tlio feat of Beatrice, nnd calling on the world to witness it, Danto was really paying lier an ordinary thougli a high compli ment : from tlio moment that sho wus married, all fear of compromising hor good name was at un end : sho was then brought out, us it were, to bo seen and sung, inulit was for lier hushing to guard lier honour from slain. Our custom ill this respect nro so diflbrcnt from these of tho Continent, that it is, difficult, for i|s t> understand what is still more or less tho iisago of France nnd Italy. Before the mat-Hugo of Beatrico sho may liavo understood Dante's passion by tho natural intclligenco ofsympnthy, or it muy liavo boon known in tho small circle of hi3 friends ; but it is pretty certain 1 lint Iho two wore not recognised lovers, and D.mfo seems to have exaggerated1 tlio ordinary 'pre cautions against notoriety. 1 AYIinn Beatrice was onco married — probably like other women of hor 'lime,: as'moro: matter of .contract — -the poet could meet hor, nnd address verses to hor, but tlio very genuineness of liis failings must liavo luudo intimacy between them impossible. Doubtless Mossor Siinono dci Bardl was well acquainted with liis wife's good sonse, and linew that sho was hearl-frco to.viirds hoi- admirer ; but tho abseneo of iiny scandal is moro likely to provo that tUo'lofer was 'dis orootly kopt at a distance 'than tliat lie was entertained, as n friend. Besides, iif is surely more honourable to Beatrico to liavo laughod at a lover whose passion she did riot understand or return, than to liavo used raillery fls a veil for deep feeling. /The woman who could not. -un derstand is pardonable ; the woman -who couid smile nnd deceive is surely not sho whose "holy smilo " draw her lover heavenwards. ' Tlio . question: then, reduces itself to this : whether Beatrice, being, as she wus the light of j b great man's lifo", was -also noblyi fashioned; in i the most perfect womanhood. Her .coldness ' to tho : nobler, man, her murringo . , with u meaner, her' little jealous piquo and unsym pathetic raillery, lire iho evidence against j lier, and whilo they are' not inconsistent willi a high' 'typo ' of character,- tliey do ' riot- in themselves point to Iho highest-. : AVhiit. t'.-en, is tho exuet vdluo of Danto's cvidenco? Tlie love of nil men who liavo any elements of greatness in them — rind no oilier feeling deserves the name — is -really bused upon two sentiments; an intenso sympathy- with, tho good iu, any special person or typo of character, arid a vivid conception of tho ideal on iviiieii human .excellence should, ho .moulded. . Tlio confusion of these two feelings, . to which imaginative inon and young moil aro .peculiarly liable, is tlio root of nameless bitto'riiesses ill laftor life. For although" human nutnro.is so infinito and various : in tho good it ebntuihs, tliat any character which is not ; absolutely vulgar or depraved may deserve discriminating Inflection and roverenee, ' tho shock of dison- Icliaatment to' tlio matiiwho has .lovcd Racliol jaud marrioB'Lenli is none tho less morally ' disastrous, and even terrible. Wo are apt to iloso Bight of Godi'whc'ri . oiir ' idols .' lard shattered fori . iour.i hearth. - "Perhnps, itherefore, it was n : merciful -. destiny that condemned a .man'; like Dante,, intolerant through, hia. very nobleness, to lore at ai distance, and; unintclligently, n womaif jwlio couid not huvo-.,eatism,ii..jiwf.-;hie£j£s£ nature. "We need aot sully; with any. positiv0 jdispraiso, one who. was in. all likelihood, a com-- iparatively blameless iiroiaiin. ' Bcn'uiifol 113 a. jdroam, with the moral purity and! high bearing that ore native to a rather" pnssiorilcss" cliarnc- jtor,- gentle and gracious among lier friends, Beatrice, no doubt, was— as 'Danto imagined her. But he seems to have mistaken tiie'ealiii of emotionless dignity for tlio reposo of a strong self-eon tainod will which is a -law to itself. .Ho whose blood wus hot with ei-ei-y passion of manhood, while his clear mind' was filled with the visions of God's order, - behaved that othors wore as liko-naturcd as himself,- nnd that tho quiet majosty of Boatrico ,wns the' royalty of grace oyer tin, of strength over weak ness. Sho had climbed the shining lioiglils of God's mountain whilo ho was struggling jmt of tlio nether abyss heavenward. Without asking", if oven in this misconception thcro wus not somo truth, and 'if tlio iniibocnco tliat, docs not siu because' it is not tempted hns'not somo beauty of its own, wo -may yet feel that dis tance gave a softer charm to Beatrico, and tliat death, who is a rare nrtiot in, humanity; invested her with tho highest spiritual grace. ; Sho had novor leaned on Dante's weakness for support, 6uo Duel Uvea oiitsiUc, uuu ns it. woro ubove, his circle of exporienco", and trivial years in com mon under tlio fame roof had nevoc revealed her to him at onco weaker and better tinin'he esteemed her.' Therefore, elie who hat? beep a fancy in his boyhood'and a passion 'iii iiis e'j'rly' manhood, grew upon his rameiSfiftct?" 'afiU " filled his heart willi a noblor aiid-':fi'olPei-vj)Pe sonee after death,'- till Dunlo tlio lovot'iiridDantb tlio Ohristian,' Beatrico und lieavtfrily 'goodflcss'l seem changing und uncortuin outlines -ifi 'tlie1 beatific vision. : :>. .YtlTIIIY/ .' j Wo liavo ecarcely left ourselves .spneoi: to nojiee Mr. -Martin's translation.;- Tho prose triKcs us as singularly good. Perhaps " cm-, piro" is a better word thnii " euipiry," nnd in one passage the translation suggeifed in tlio lioto is, wo think, beyond all quostion, right, and ought to supersede that given in tho text. (P. 20, note.) But theso nro: inerol matters pf detail. Of tho verse, wo can only say that it would bo hard to imagine q better rondc-iii" of ..so difficult' a poet, and .yet— lliat it is net Dante... Thosp who have nqt leUuro to, read tlip " YitaNiiovn" in the original .liavo now as gpod'U ,'substituto as thoy 'eiin expect, and Mi.1' Martin would be tlio first to 'tell tlieih that flioy must not- jndg'o tlio pnet- in' any lon- guagp 'but liis own.'- A pasjngo froiri llio' vision' in -which Love lends tlio pret to tlio dead body of Beatrice will give n fair iilba of the translator's oven workmanshio— ' i "Iraissd iriy eyes - that drowned wore with tears, And liko some gently faltinglshower of. manna, Angels I saw up to the welkin roar. Before them, that bright chuir. a cloudlet bears, And as they'mqunt, they nil orynut 'He'snnneh!' What else they said my inind hritli -riot in store. Then Lovo exclaimed; ' I'll" hide tho truth no i more; . .i I A <y 2 Come, see our lady whsre in death she lies.' Imag natiou's fantasies Then took mo whero I saw my jady dond, And when-with her f liad my gazing fed,1 Borne ladies drew n Bcarf the body o'er ; And on her faco was perfect calm oxprsss-d, That seemed ns though it.snid, " I am at rest." Hero " wolkin " arid, " cloudlet ""nro a little affcotod ; " bright choir " is an. interpolation ; tho sixth lino in Dante is" literally;- "And if they had' said anything, I would1 tell- it you," while tlio eleventh nnd twelfth really are, " and when I' had discovered her,! .1 saw that ladies wero wrapping her in a shroud." But it will" bo- easy to. correct- little ' points like these in a second edition, and the book,; tnkin" it all in all, is classical- of its kind.— 'Spectator. ' " — : death of an olti coloxiat.-it is with very deep regret wo record this week the dentil of John Alexander Stratton, Esq., late of Albcrton. Few men succeeded in- securing the respect and confidence of their neighbours to n greater oxtent than did Mr. Stratton, and none was moro worthy of tho honour conferred upon him when ho vras.gazotted a. territorial riingi- strato. It is how twenty-two yeors 'since lie first arrived in this colony, at which time lie took up tho station now known , as Schnapper Point, whore ho remainod Until 1814, when lie sold out and camo into Gipps' Land, from which period ho has been a partner witli- Mcssrs. Ricard and Gbllion, in the' Btation (known ns One Tree Hill, wost of tho Albert River. Tho deceased gentleman loft tho colony .for a short sojourn in liis native country in I May last, and after taking a tour through Ireland was on his way to visit his . relatives I when ho was taken suddonly ill and died before | reaolung his father s . house. — Qipps Land ; Quardian, 21st March. 