POLICE COUETS. Adelaide: Monday, .) axuasyy AO. [Before Messrs. iS. Be-idome, P.M.. <". i,you, S.Ji., j and V. Tov.-nsuini, J.l'.l ) Bad Language —Edtnnnl Donley w as fined 5s. for using bad language in tiiu public streets on Saturday last. KiBiN'c os a Bullock Dray.—Nicholas IDm - h'H answered to the complaint of Inspector Het tinger for riding 011 liic pole of ids bullock-dray without luiying any one 011 foot to guide tiie bul locks. He pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s. Charge op Lnisi..— George JMu.uey Allen, editor of the Northern .S','e/\ JCapuuda, was sum moned by the H011. Thomas Reynolds, Treasurer, for having printed a malicious and defamatory libel in the Northern SU'r, ai Kapunda, oil the loth instant. Mr. V. Bakewell attended tor tlie prosecution, and Messrs. J. T. Bagot and 11. B. Andrews for the defence Mr. Bagot asked whether the case could be beard in that Court, and whether it ought not to be sent on to Kapunda, as was usual under similar circumstances, tic had several times known His Worship refuse to bear a case when the Magistrates at the place where the offence was committed were fully competent to adjudicate. His Worship the Police Magistrate did not seethe necessity of sending the case to Kapunda, as all tiie parties concerned were in attendance. He sheitid, therefore, decline doing anything of the kind. Joseph James Whitby said he knew" the prisoner. His piace of business was at Kapunda. lie was the printer and publisher of the Northern H instant and purchased the paper produced (a copy of the Northern Star). Saw the prisoner standing at the door of the office. Tiie Clerk of the Court here lead from the paper produced the part com plained of us bring libellous. It was as follows We then, with a full knowledge of our position anil our responsibility, stand forward and accuse a .Minister of the Crown with Ministerial comu.tion. We accuse a Jlmister of the Crown with selling and disposing of the property of the country—the patronage of theCovenuaciit—to wit, the situation of Crown Hands llanger—for his own private profit; for selling a "situation of trust and salary to a relative of his own. receiving as payment for the same the transfer to hun seli of a private property belonging to the said relative for his (tiie Minister's) own personal and private aggrandizement. We accuse the Honourable Thomas Reynolds, Her Majesty's Treasurer for the colony of South Australia, with selling a situation of trust ami salary to liis own nephew, W. J. Litelffield, and receiving as pay ment a bonus in exchange for tiie same, from the said W. J. Litchfield, a certain valuable in terest in a certain piece of land, the property of the said Litchfield. We should like to know how England would ring with indignation from John ' o'Lroat's to the Land's End if Lord Pahnerston were to lie as clearly convicted of trafficking, bar tering, aud selling a situation of A24d a year for his own private profit and aggrandizement. We should like to know how many minutes after the publication of the sworn evidence he would retain ! the confidence of his Sovereign, or a voice in Ilia administrative government of Great Britain. He would be at once hurled from power, kicked out of office, and for evermore disqualified for holding any public appointment under the Crown.'" At the request of Mr. Bagot, the Clerk afterwards read the remainder of the leader, of which the above formed a portion. Witness, examined by Mr. Bagot—Heard the defendant's voice in one of the rooms of the office. It appeared 011 the paper that the defendant was the printer and publisher. Could only state to the best of his belief that the defendant printed and published the Northern Star. Thomas Reynolds stated that he was the prosecutor, and that he filled the office of Trea surer. About ten minutes or a quarter t-o 4 o'clock on Monday afternoon, the 13tli instant, his atten tion was first called to the article just read in the Northern S ar. Went over immediately to sec the Inspector of Police, but finding him absent, lie consulted with his solicitor. Had read the article produced, and had observed the charges it con tained against him. They were utterly untrue and false. By Mr. Andrews—Gave evidence in the ease of W. J. Litchfield in the Insolvency Court. Volunteered that evidence, having previously heard that the Commissioner was about to sum mon him. Received the summons about 11 o'clock 011 Monday, the 13th January. Had seen the Commissioner 011 the subject prior to that date. Meant it to be understood that he volunteered his evidence in the Insolvency Court. Sir. Litch field was examined in that Court about a week previously. The reports of that examination ap peared in the Jtenis cr and Adrcriiser of the7ih January, and he therefore presumed that it was taken the day before. Was out of town 011 Mon day, the lith inst. Returned on the Sell. First heard of the evidence given by Mr. Litchfield on the affcrnoou of that day. Hid not take any steps to contradict his statements through the daily papers, because it was not often desirable for public officers to write letters to the press. Pre ferred to rebut sworn evidence by giving his own sworn evidence. His attention was drawn to the article in the Northern Star on Monday, the 13th, by one of ins colleagues, Mr. Strangways. Saw the Commissioner of Insolvency 011 Thursday, the iltli, it being a question with witness as to whether he should indict Sir. Litchfield for perjury. Wanted to ascertain if liis name was on the schedule as a creditor. Finding it was not, lie was desirous of knowing whether he could beexaniined with reference to the piece of laiid at Wellington spoken to by the insolvent. Had lie found that he could not it was his intention to charge him with perjury. He most undoubtedly looked upon Litdifield's statement as seriously afi'ecting his (Sir. Reynolds's) character. Could not say whether reasonable persons would consider Litchfield's statement, if uncontradicted, as correct. Con sidered that a mau who would make false state ments calculated to injure others ought to be punished. Gave his evidence in the Insolvency j Court, so that the unreasonable as well as the ! reasonable might be convinced that Litchfield's statements were not correct. Seven days elapsed 1 the statement and its contradiction. The between t article complained of was published on the Satur day following the Monday on which Litchfield's examination was held. Was visiting with a friend on the Murray on Monday, the Oth instant. Was on the run where some sheep belonging to him and Sir. Frederick Litchfield were kept. The run originally belonged to Messrs. Kay & Hughes. It was the "one spoken of by Litchfield, and about which witness had given evidence. By Mr. Bake well—Between the time when Litchfield made liis statements and the publication of the article in the Northern Star the defendant did not apply to witness to know if they were true. This closed the i case. Mr. Bakcwcll asked that the defendant might be committed. The clearest evidence liad been given of the publication of a gross libel, and the defendant did not make any attempt to juitify his conduct, hut merely to excuse it, on the ground that the prosecutor had not communicated with the daily papers which published Litchfield's evi dence. The prosecutor did not think it necessary to do so, and after the appearance of those state ments, surely it was competent to him to take what steps he might choose in the matter. Tliis was done, and ujiou the first opporiunitj' Mr. Ucy nolds gave evidence in the Insolvency Court, rebutting the statements made against hitu. He submitted that he was uot hound to write to the newspapers, and that a clear case had been made out against the defendant. Sir. liagot did not think, in the first place, that there was any proof of publication. All the evidence showed was that a gentleman went into the Northern Star Office, Kapunda, and purchased a paper. At lirst he said the defendant was the printer and publisher; but when pressed he stated that he could only say so to the best of his belief. He would submit that, in a criminal case, it was necessary to have distinct and positive evidence of the publication of the libel, and also i tliat there was malice on the part of tlie%iender in publishing it. No attempt had been made to show that there was any malicious intent on the part of the defendant (if it was believed that he was the publisher) in making his remarks. He was certainly justified in making very strong comments indeed when lie saw such evidence as Litchfield's, given by a person so intimately connected with the Treasurer! For five days the defendant finds an uncontradicted statement made on oath in the Insolvency Court against a persou holding the high position of Treasurer by liis own nephew, and dis closing some very gross acts. Now, what was the defendant's duty as a journalist? Was he to lie down and wait till some one came forward to con tradict it, or by giving publicity to it induce some one to repudiate it 1 Where the words were pub lished in discharge of a moral and public duty it could not be considered as libel. The real state of the case was that there was only one oath against another—that of the Treasurer contradicting Mr. Litchfield: and could it bo said, under such circumstances, that there were not good and just grounds for the pub lication of the remarks made in the Nor'hern Star • The evidence published in the IteaUier and Advertiser was equally as objectionable, and why had not Dir. Eeynoids proceeded against them? Had he taken up arms against the Northern S ar ; because it was merely a provincial paper, and could be easily crushed, and liad allowed the others to escape on account of the great influence they possessed? Surely the evidence published in the Register and Advertiser on the Tuesday was libellous; and if Mr. Keynolds hail taken imme diate proceedings against them it would have pre vented the remarks complained of being published in the Northern Star. It was the duty of a public paper to comment on what was considered a taint on a meinlier of the Ministry, and he (Mr. Bagot) hoped the Bench would consider his arguments, and net grant the committal. The defendant, who declined unking any statement, was ordered to enter into his own recognizance for £100, with two sureties of £50 each, for his appearance at the next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. Affijjation.—William Narrcl answered to the complaint of William Marvel for refusing to con- ! tribute towards the support of liis illegitimate child by Amelia Marvel. Sir. K. B. Andrews for : the defence The case was proved, and tliedc- j fendant ordered to pay the costs and 7s. per week for the maintenance or bis child. Adelaide: Tuesday, January 21. (Before Messrs. ft. Beddome, P.M., au Lewis, J P.] Careless and Furious Driving.—Uh7?«tm, As.Vs answered to the complaint of Inspector Pet tinger for being at such a distance from his horse and dray while passing along Bundle-street on the loth inst. as to have had 110 control over the same, lie was fined 30s.~ James Weslmmbc was summoned by Inspector Pettinger for furiously driving his licensed cab and horse through tiie public streets on the loth inst. Mr. Ingleby for the defendant. The police proved that the defen dant while drunk drove his hansom cab and home at a furious rate through Victoria-sauare, Grotc street, and Gouger-street on the evening of the 15th inst. He was fined £n. Assaults.—Ruber: Griff Sis and Nieholitx Dcivcy appeared on remand iron; Friday, January 17. for assaulting John Maddifcrcl on the 13th "instant. Mr. Boucaut for the defence. Mo further evidence ] was adduced, ami the defendants were fined £1 each andoosts.—Ann HVytsanswered totlic information of A meiia Smitli for assaulting heron Thursday, tlie 3 lilh instant, Mr. Parker for" the prosecution. It appeared that the complainant met the defend; complainant met the defendant at the Circus on Thursday night, the liith instant, flon'os made use of several abusive remarks, struck the complainant several times in the face, pulled her down, and tore her hat and cloak. She was fined 5s. and costs. She was afterwards charged with wilfully damaging Amelia Smith's clothes to the extent of £2 Ilis. (id. The evidence went to show that in the seiiffie which was made the subject of the last case the defendant tore the complainant's hat and cloak, and occaslened the loss of her net. The clothes were previously worth A2 lijs. (id. The defendant was ordered to pay the damage and the costs. I'osr-OrvicE Eegulatjons.—ffagh Gulden ap peared to the information of James W. Lewis, Postmaster-General, for unlawfully loitering and wasting time while carrying Her Majesty's mails on the Mount Pleasant and Gumeraeha roads, on the 28th December. IsSl. Sir. Parker for the de fendant. The evidence showed that the defendant was the driver of tiie mail-cart to Mount Pleasant. Go the 2.8th December the mails, which were due et that township a: S minutes past S o'clock ill the ■evening, did not arrive till 2d minutes to 10. Tiie defendant was found to be intoxicated, and per fectly incapable of driving. The cart had evidently been capsized and drawn some distance. Tiie de fendant was discovered lying in it asleep. He was fined 4'ls. and costs. Abusive Language.—jfory Ltmnnl was sum moned by Maria Bush for using abusive language towards iicr on the 15th inst. Mr. Mouldea for the complainant. Tiie defendant was fined 5s. and Burglary.—Robert Wifxon was charged, on the information of David Liston, with feloniously and burglariously entering liis house at Parkside on the Ittch ins:., a?;d sre ding therefrom n ptrrss con tainin? £10 10j. in gold and some silver, a liat, a pocket-book, and ether articles, the property of Walter Hart. The prosecutor said he lived at Purkside. On Sunday night his house was entered, and several things belonging to his nephew, Walter Hart, abstracted. Walter Hart stated that he lived with the prosecutor. His loom opened into another wliich had a door entering the garden. Went to bed about It o'clock ou Satur day night. Both doors were left open, llosc about 6 o'clock next morning, and immediately missed one of his garters. Afterwards found his purse had been taken from his right-hand trousers pocket, It contained £10 his. in gold and , 5s. Od. in silver. .Also missed the ha; produced. The purse produced was the ona he had lost. A pocket-book containing several letters and papers, a pamphlet, and a broken comb were also found missing. Looked about the garden for them. Two shillings and the garter were found in the garden. The carriage and garden gate.? which had been left closed on Saturday night v.cre found open. Waited for 24 hours, thinking the goods might turn up, and then gave information to the police. Saw his purse and hit in the hands of Police- constable Brown about an hour and a half after he had lodged information. James JIacgowan deposed : that the prisoner was at his house near Parfcside on Saturday evening last. He had a dirty cream coloured felt hat and a swag. John Turner stated that the prisoner visited his residence on the Unley-road on Saturday evening. Saw him coming round hy the back way and called out to him. Again saw him next morning about 2 o'clock. He had entered one of the rooms, and got into a bed in which a young lad was sleeping. Sent for the District Constable, but as he could find nothing against him they allowed him to go. L. C. Sullivan proved that Air. Kart and another gen tleman reported the robbery in question at the Police-Station on Monday. From the description given he suspected rhe prisoner. Saw liim about 5 o'clock on Sunday afternoon lying down in Bank-street. Prisoner asked him to have some drink, and threw a handful of silver anil a few sovereigns into the road. He said he had been to the Bay ou the spree. Reported the circumstance at the Station. James Kigney stated that the prisoner went to his place, the Shamrock Hotel, Cuirie-street, on Sunday afternoon. Gave him two notes in exchange for two sovereigns. Had ! seen tiie prisoner wearing tlie hat rani veil pro-' duced. Thomas Leonard proved that the pri- | soner engaged him to drive about town and go to the Hav on Sunday. He paid him a sovereign and 5s. Ellen G ray said she saw the prisoner at theYork Hotel on Sunday morning. He gave her a sove reign and a half-sovereign to go to the Bay with liiin. Police-constable Brown stated that lie saw a report at the Police- Station on Monday morning, and in consequence wont after the prisoner. Found Him in the Sham rock Hotel, and told him he wanted to search liiin. The prisoner had a car at the door. Told him he would examine his property at the Station, and drove with him on the ear in that direction. When in Franklin- street the prisoner tried to escape, ami witness was obliged to take him in custody on a charge of drunkenness. He was not very drank. Found the purse produced and 6s. lOtl. in silver in his possession. He was wearing the felt liat produced. Took the hat and purse to Mr. Hart, who instantly recognised them. He turned and charged the prisoner with having com mitted the robbery. The prisoner, who interro gated each witness in a very lengthy and ramhiiiig manner, was committed for trial at the next sittings of the Supreme Court. Cab-Hire.—Robert'McGcc,was summoned l>.v Inspector Durieu for engaging";). licensed ear and afterwards refusing to pay the hire. It was proved that the defendant hired a car for four hours on Monday night and refused to pay tlie fare. At tlie request of the defendant the ease was re manded till next day in order to procure the evi dence of two policemen. Adelaide: Wednesday,- January 22. [Before Mr. S. Beddqme, P.M.[ IsrPROPEit Language.—Louisa Johnston was charged with using obscene language in Hindley street on the 21st instT The oSCnee was proved, and she was ordered to pay a Jiae of 5s. Breach of By-laws.—Frederick Marireath was charged, on the information of Inspector Beading, with driving a horse and cart over the footpath in Gougcr- street. He was fined 5s. and costs. Gab-Hire.—Robert McGce, described as a sea faring man, brought up on remand from yesterday, stated that he had been unable to procure any witness,- but that his grounds for refusing to pay tlie cabman's hire were the unnecessary delays to which he had lieen put by him. He was ordered to pay 10s. and costs, besides 36s. to the cabman, amounting in all to £.'116s. Kecovery of Wages.— James Aildhon, of the Southern Cress, appeared to the complaint of Catherine Joint for withholding from her £1 6s., amount of wages due to her. Mr. Parker for the defendant. The evidence went to show that the complainant had been hi tlie employ of defendant for 12 months, and had received her wages, which amounted to lis. per week, regularly every month until tlie mouth's pay due in January, which, in consequence of certain disagreements", defendant liad refused to give her. An order was made for £1 4s. 6d. without costs. Adelaide: Thursday, January 23. [ lief ore Mr. S. Bcdtlome, P.M.] Drunk and Obscene —Pa!rid; Tight was fined Ills, for being drunk and making use of obscene language in Hindley-street on January 22. Bad Language.—Robert Cox■, a bushnian, was charged with making use of bad language in King Y.'iUiuni-street ou January 22. He was fined 40::. Adelaide: Friday". January 24. IBefore Mr. S. Beddomc, P.M.] Cruelty to Anim als.—John Brennon answered to the complaint of Inspector Pettingcr for cruelly beating his horse on the 14th instant. It was proved that the defendaut worked liis horse on the day named while it had a sore on one of its shoulders, caused by the rubbing of the collar. He was fined 10s. and costs. Desertion.— William Urea was brought up on a warrant for deserting his wife, Jane Uren, and two children since the 15th November, 185!>, with out reasonable "cause and without leaving them any means of support. The complainant stated that her husband had consented to live with licr again, and she did not wish to have him punished. The defendant was discharged upon payment of the cost of the warrant. Threatening Language—An n MeEeoy ap peared to the information of Ann O'Loughlan for having on the 23rd instant maliciously "declared that she would run a knife through her. The evi dence of the complainant showed that she lived in the same house as the defendant, on Thursday evening they had a quarrel, and among other threats, the defendant said she would run a knife through her. The case was adjourned till to-day for procuring further evidence. Wages.—Joseph R-nrc was summoned bv Joliamia Calliuan, charged with being indebted to her in the sum of £4 5s., balance of wages, and with refusing to pay the same on demand. Mr. Boucaut for the defence. The evidence proved that the complainant had-received the money, and the defendant was discharged. Port Adelaide: Monday, January20. [Before Mr. (>. W. Hawkcs, S.M.] Desertion.—James Doyle, a seaman belonging to the Deogaum, was charged with desertion from that vessel on the !)th instant. Mr. Downer for the prisoner. Evidence w as given that lie left the vessel on the Sth, and on the T.itli was found by i the police at a house in the Port. He attempted to escape, and resisted violently, bat was captured and taken to the Station. His "Worship ordered him to he imprisoned for two weeks. Curious Charge—Walter Pitt was charged with indecently assaulting l'ebecca Hains, a girl about eight veav of age. Mr. Downer for the i prisoner. It appeared from the evidence that the j prisoner and the girl were sitting in the pit of the j Port Theatre oil Saturday night, and that lie took j hold of her arm and endeavoured to induce, her to ' come to the seat on which he was sitting. He then > attempted to kiss her, but the police interferedand ' took the prisoner to the Police Station. It did not i appear that he had taken any further liberties with ! the girl, and it was stated that lie was the worse j for drink. The Magistrate dismissed the charge. | Charge of Robbery is a House of Ill-Fame —Margaret Kecjf'e was charged with stealing a £10 ; note, a £1 note, and some silver, from the person ; of Alexander Reilly, on Sunday evening. Mr. Downer for the prisoner. The evidence of the prosecutor showed that while under the influence of drink he went to the prisoner's house. He had at the time a £10 note, a £1 note, and some silver, i He gave the prisoner the £1 note to fetch some j drink, hut afterwards iaid down ami went i to sleep. On awaking he missed the note from bis purse, and also the silver. There were ! other persons in the house at the same time, j Mr. Downer cross-examined the prosecutor ! with a view to show tliat the £10 note had I been disposed of elsewhere, and he stated that j he last saw it in his purse on Saturday night. . Mary Ann Maguire stated that the prosecutor i came to the house drunk. He gave her £1 to i get some gin, but on her return he was asleep, i ; The prisoner had gone out when prosecutor awoke. : He said he had been robbed, and went out and re- ' turned with the police. Constable Lo.rther spoke to the fittest of the prisoner, who, when charged with the robbery, said, '* If he says I stole it, it must be all right. I wish for myown sake I had got it, I would soon find a way to spend it." She had I6s. in her possession. George Brasher stated that lie met the prosecutor at the British Hotel on Sunday afternoon with some other person. The prosecutor changed a £1 note for a bottle of brandy, and tlicy all went together to his (witness's) house. The}- drank the brandy, and tile prosecutor became drank. They then went to Keefie's, where iie gave a £1 note. When at the British Hotel he ap peared to have one note left in his purse. The case was adjourned till next day. Poet Adelaide: Tuesday, January 21. 1 Before Mr. G. W, H-awkes, S.M., and Captain Hart, J.P.| Remanded Charge.—Maryaret Keeffc was biought up ou remand, hut there being no further evidence she was discharged. Assaults.—William Jjarhi.'.rni, master of the [ Omagh, appeared to an information charging him with assaultiug Adolphus Aalberg, a seaman of the same vessel, on the voyage from Singapore. Mr. Dempster appeared for the defendant. Evi dence was given that on the Kith December the campiainant was at the wheel, when a squall struck the ship, and she fell oil". Die defendant, it appeared, considered the complainant to blame, and struck him on the face with his list. Fined £1 and cists.—John Mbi-ri-s, smelter, appeared to an information for assaulting liis wife, and was bound over in the sum of £20 to keep the peace. Abusive Language.—Susanna Sheen pleaded guilty to the charge of using abusive language towards Jane Elliot, and the Bench ordered lier to find recognizances in £20 to keep the peace. Port Adelaide: Wednesday, January 22. (Before 3I-. G. \V. Hawkes, S.M.] The Licensed Victuallers act.— William Kitajjinan, publican, was charged with not clearing bis house, the White Horse Cellar, and closing the outer door, at 11 o'clock on the night of .Saturday, January IS. The defendant produced a permission, signed by Dr. Duncan, J.P., and Mr. J. S. Milluer, J. P., to keep open until 12 on that night, in consequence of the Theatre being open. At the recommendation of His Worship the infor mation was withdrawn. Pout Adelaide: Thursday, January23. {Before Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M.] Refusal of Duty and Assault.—James MrKay, cook and steward of the Rialto, was charged by Captain Currie with refusal of duty. The evidence of "the captain, which was corrobo rated by the chief officer, was to the effect that when he told '.he prisoner to lay the table for dinner he refused, saying he would see liim (wit ness) —- first, and that lie wanted his discharge. The prisoner said he had drunk two or three bottles of ate, but did not believe lie lefused to get the dinner ready. He was committed to gaol for one mouth. He was further charged with assault ing the captain at the same time, to which he pleaded .amity, and was ordered to he further iin prisoned for eight weeks with hard labour. Auburn: Tuesday, January 21. [Before Dr. Ward. J.P.] Cutting Down Timber.—Franr'ts Woodward was charged by John Ple.v with feloniously enter ing his section and cutting down certain trees aud carrying them away, with intent to convert them to his own use. Prisoner admitted the act, hut J denied any felonious intent. He was committed for trial to the Local Court of Full Jurisdiction. Bail allowed. Auburn: Wednesday, January 22. , [Before Mr. G- Young, J.P., and Dr. War,!, J.P.[ i Hooper v. Day.—Ciaim for £9 2;. (id., under the Masters and Servants Act. It appeared that Hooper entered the service of Mr. Day without any special agreement as to wages, and steered the reaping- machine for some time during harvest. When" the time of settlement arrived" Mr. Day offered Hooper £1 per week, whieli was refused. 'Die Court considered that Hooper was entitled to £1 5s. per week during harvest, and £1 the re mainder. Judgment for Hooper, £0 Us. I Id. Accidental Death.—An inquest was held on Monday, January 2!), before Sir. "William II. Itandell, .1.1*., on the body of Adolph Hippe, a child about five years of age, son of Adolph Hippe, farmer, near Bluniberg. It appeared from the evi dence that the deceased was at play with a little girl of less age than himself near awaterhole on the Torrens, and in the attempt of throwing a stone into the water he overbalanced himself and fell in with it. The consequence was, as there was no one else near, before the little girl could run for help, the poor little fellow was drowned, having heen, as was supposed, fully a quarter of an hour in the water. The Jury returned a unanimous verdict that deceased came to his death by drown ing accidentally. Beware of Sxak.es.—The Rev. F. W. Cox, returning from bathing, on the beach, at Glenelg, on Friday morning, about lialf-past 7, on coining near the footbridge over the creek, saw and gave chase to a death adder, which took refuse in a hush about lyi) yards from the above bridge. Mr. Cox walked round the bush and tried to drive out the reptile, and while so engaged saw just, on the edge of the hush what he took to be a lizard of the short-tailed kind, and was about to seize it when he saw it was another death adder, in a lethargic state. He disabled it by a blow of astick, which broke in his hand; but Mr. Cox was able to kill it, and on examining it at home found 14 eggs almost ready for exclusion, each of which contained an em'oryo snake of about two and a quarter inches in length. The snake appears to be an acanthophis, probably Acantliopliis Brownii, and is known throughout the colonies as the death adder. It is one of the most venomous of the Australian snakes. It was 25 inches in length and 41 inches in girth. Brightox.—On Monday evening, the 30th instant, a lecture was delivered in the Brighton Sehooirom, by the liev. G. Dove, ou •"Superstition." There was a good attendance of members ami their friends, who paid very great attention to the subject, which gave general satis faction. At the close of the lecture, a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to the rev. gentleman, and, having been acknowledged, the meeting closed. Photograph from a Deawixg.—Wc have been favoured with a very effective photo graph from a drawing, made by Sir. William Wyatt, of the late torchlight demonstration of the German colonists to His Excellency the Governor. The sketch is spirited and correct, conveying a very lifelike representation of the stirring scene which it is intended to commemorate. A Tiger Story.—Tlie following is from the pen of ail ensign in the TiMd Regiment, just arrived at Khandalla:—" I met an olil schoolfellow, who was going put to shoot pigs, and he asked me to come with liim. He lent me a single-barrelled rifle, and we went out, about a mile and a half from camp, to a place which was notorious for pigs. It was a deep ratine, with a very high mountain on one side, and a low one on the other, and filled up with dense jungle. My companion placed himself about the middle of the ravine, and I took up my position near to the end, where the ravine uar roweit We had below about 40 beaters or coolies, who began at the open end, and beat up towards me. They had passed lfeylaml without anything being seen, but as they neared the spot where I was stationed, I heard a rushing and breaking among the bushes, and naturally ex pected to see some pigs come out, so I cocked my rifle and brought it up to my shoulder ready, when, to njv utter amazement, oat hounded a tiger. I then did what I have since been told was a very foolish thing. I fired at him with a single-barrelled rifle. Lucidly, the shot struck him through both his fore-legs; had I hit him anywhere else he would have charged, and I should have had no chance of escape; as it was. however, he rushed on as well as he could into a small part of the jungle beyond me. and we got j liim to slion" himself by making the beaters roll i down large stones at liiui: but ire always disap peared attain before we had time to fire. At last I watched the exact spot where lie went after one of these short appearances, and, making a lucky shot, sent a ball right through his stomach. Upon this he got up, and with a frightful roar that made my flesh creep, he rushed hack to his old liaunt, receiving two or three bails in his body as he bounded through the open space between the two jungles. It appeared, however, that he was ill no hurry to give up the ghost, for he got back all right to his original lair. We now found, upou calling for more ammunition, that the natives who were carrying it had, through excess of fear, thrown array every bullet we had. AVe had now no alternative but to ride home for fresh supplies, which we did, after giving the culprits a well-deserved thrashing, aud we took advantage of the opportunity of making a late breakfast; having done which we again started for the scene of action, this time each carrying two rifles and a large hunting knife. Screwing up our pluck we entered the thick of the jungle 011 foot, and tracked him by his blood. At last a native pointed him out to Heyland, who fired at and wounded him; the tiger cainc after us with a terrific roar, and, considering discretion the better part of valour, we hastily mounted a tree. This operation was repeated three times, aud at last we found him lving on his side, apparently dead. We went up within five yards of him to have a look at him, Heyland firing both barrels at him, about 15 yards offi previously, to make certain of him: hut I suppose 111 his excitement he missed him, as tlnj tiger never moved. When we were about five yards from liim I proposed to give him a shot andmakedoublysure: hut Heyland said, 'Ho, no! you will spoil the skin,' and laid hold of my rifle, which I, like a fool, let go, thinking the brute must : be dead: but as we were taking another step for ward he rose with an awful roar, and sprang after me. Heyland ran down-hill, and got 08'all right; hut I ran up-hill as hard as I could, and the tiger after me. I had just got up to some coolies who j had followed us in our advance, and were now I running away as fast as they could, and I heard the beast breathing at my back. What an awful moment was that? I never expected to get out of thescrape alive, so drew my knife and turned round in desperation to make a useless effort to save myself, when the tiger, changing his mind, leaped upou the hack of a native who was running along side. of me, and mauled him most frightfully; hut it was his aving effort, and the coolie got off with a mauling that would have killed any European, but I did not kill him." ! Nonchalance.—I have the pleasure of knowing, very slightly, a Companion of the Order , of Valour who carried the colours of liis regiment at the Alma—it was his " baptism of fire." At the | most critical moment of the day, when the troops : were struggling desperate!}" up "the terrible bill- j side," somewhat disordered by the vineyards and 1 broken ground—when the Guards were reeling and staggering under the deadly hail that beat right in their faces—the man I speak of turned to the com rade nearest to him and remarked, " Do yuo sup- : pose they always shoot as fast as this, Charley ? I 1 dare say it's the correct tiling, though." They say I his manner was as listless and unconcerned as usual, with just a shade of diffidence and doubt, as if lie had been consulting a diplomatic friend 011 some point of etiquette at a foreign court.—" Bar ren Honour," in Erazer's Magazine. Collecting Alms at Pisa.—Suddenly ! tliere appeared before us a figure wrapped in a black domino, and wearing a black mask; nothing hut the wearer's eyes were visible, and they were black aud sparkling too; he held out a hag, but we turned away, wearied with the incessant begging, one of us exclaiming " Vow nzr.ffrayez"The figure immediately drew back respectfully, and our guide told us that he was one of a society of gen tlemen who supply food to the children of those who are in the hospitals or prisons, and not wish ing to be known, they disguise themselves in this way. Of course we uo longer refused him a trifle after this explanation, and he politely bowed and left us, evidently seeing that we had refused at first from ignorance of the institution.—Sketching Ramble*; or, Nature in (he Alius and A ueunines. By A. and M. E. Cat low. 