BUSH SCENES. stray i.p.avbs from tub diary op a surveyor. 'Tis Sunday morning, nnd the month January —a month associated in some minds with all that is cold, bleak, and miserable, but in this part of . the globe bow" different ! . Hero it is the hot season — everything seems ury nnu stirtvellcu up, 'there is no water, now in tho dainty little crab boles which used to delight the eye of, the tired and thirsty, traveller as lie saw them dotted here and there, reflecting bnck the sun's rays like ittlc sparkling, diamonds on, .the green velvety sward around, The grass is now of an ugly brown colour, nnd if not relieved by the beautiful -variegated plants in such thick profusion, would present a very 'unpleasant appearance. The river below ns, as it runs on in its slow apathetic course, is half run dry, nnd the cattle which dally, throng- Its hanks seem ns if they would cxhniis its attenuated supply. Ilow beautiful, liaw calm and peaceful docs 'the Snbbntli moriiiiigrisc in tho bush, all natiire seems in a stnte of 'the profoundest repose, all is still cxecpt a vague quivering sound afar off as if of ten thousand crickets mnking the air tremulous with their sweet chirping melody ; or, perhaps, the suddc-n harsh nnd piercing note of the cockatoo breaking in to dispel the clinr'm on. nlI'nrnuhdr"T!i'e mind, always sympntlietie.nl to nature's prevailing shade, is tuned to meditation. There is something so grand and bcntifiil in the surrounding scenery that the soul. rises cxtati- eally ; bright visions swell iip in', the mind; the poet's eye " with fine frenzy rolling,", kindles up ; — for a time we become elevated far above the dross of plodding every-dny existence; nnd forming bright worlds of our own, foi'gct all else bositlo. It was sucli n morning ns this when our party, nuniiiering- about tivelvo, rose up refreshed nfter our week's toil, nnd with excellent appetites partook of an squally excellent brenkfast. After which each prepared to amuse himself ni fancy dielntcd. Long Jack polished up liis gun, in tending to have a raid amongst the wild ducks which swnrmetl in tlio large lngoons nenr our camp ; others were bent on a day's riding nnd bunting the kangaroo, whilst the more phleg matic contented themselves with lounging about or. reading some interesting book. As the sun rose higher it began to got uncom fortably hot, the nir was close and sultry, nnd look ing abend wo could perceive in the distance a lnrgo white cloud rising into the blue sky, evidently from some part of the bush on firo, but at so gent a distance, that no apprehension was felt ns to its spreading our length ; iu this, however, we were deceived, ns tlio result will show. Having heard that the Bishop of Mclbourno was to preach this dny at the little township of Styntford, on the Latrobe, nbout two miles from our camp, nnd ns a sermon in the busli is rather a rarity, 0'IInra, Jack Hilton, and myself de termined tonttend; so after polishing up our long boots, nnd making ourselves look ns respect nblo ns possible — a tusk somewhat difficult there, and requiring some skilful little adaptations — we leisurely strolled along the primitive road, or rather track, which led to .the village, admiring as we went along the beautiful fcrnsaud other wild shrubs before us, nnd the tortuous river winding in nnd out until lost, in the hazy distance ; but it was tou liot to ennble us to enjoy our walk, and we were not so-ry to find, on arriving at our destination, that we were too early.' Taking our sent on a log nt hand, we entered into con versation with some others who bad nlrendy arrived, on the probability of the bush firq ex tending; speculating ns to tlio nmountof dninngc it would cnu.sc to certain squatters, and ns n breeze bad now sprung up, blowing in our direction, some were afrniil we would be troubled with the lire ere long. It wns rather a pretty sight, ns sitting quietly on our log, inhaling the fragrance : of our cutty pipe, wo observed the people coming in twos and threes from all parts of the bush to nltond the service — squatters in tlieir handsome gjgj — Indies ' anil gentlemen oil horseback prancing gaily — stock-ridel's on fiery mettled st.-eds, cnn'lcrs with tlieir families in the homely wagon, bullock-drivers, diggers — bushmen and villagers all mingling promiscuously,' ami causing quite a sensation .ns they successively arrived. Some bad evidently travelled a consi derable distance, ami with the beat of the day seemed rather jaded, anil not a few took advan tage of the adjoining hotel to moisten tlieir Hps with some cooling drink, and shake oil the dust beforo the service commenced. Suggestively appropriate, n hay loft above the stables in connection with the hotel hnd to do diityfortlic nonce nsn church; n little inside stair wns reserved for the accommodation of the ladles; while a trap ladder on the outside was used by the stonier sex to clitub up into tlio npnrtmcnt, which wns fitted up for the occasion ns tastily ns circumstances would allow. Fonns were placed ncross two-thirds of the floor, while the remaining portion wn3 carpeted and orna mented with a draped table, nnd some curtnins at the sides. At length, punctually ns the hour arrived, the Bishop liimsclf appeared arrayed in his imposing sable garment., and, ascending the Inddcr, we followed and took our scats among a pretty numerous audience. Ahd now all was hushed, and the impressive service not longcom- menccd, when we were stnrtled out of our pro priety by tho spectre-like nppcarance of Scotch Willie ns be was called, who stood nt the door quite breathless, nud with an anxious ominous countenance imperiously beckoned us out. Knowing that something of unusual importance must have taken place to call for this unreason!, able interruption, we at once followed him out — our emotions boing somewhat similar to those under which Hamlet must have laboured as lie followed the ghost — nnd were then informed that the (ire, on account of the breeze which had sprung up, was making alarming progress in tlio direction of our camp, and that all bands were at once wanted to take prompt measures for our snfety. Without a moment's hesitation, we nil set out, nnd running most of the way bencnth a liot broiling sun, we were fatigued enough when we got back to the camp ; but, alas ! there wns no rest for us, too true had been the messenger's talc, for, looking over the little eminence, just beyond us, we could nlrcady perceive the vast surging ilnmcs advancing with fearful, remorse less rapidity. Not a momcut was to be lost, — " To work, boys, to work," ; wns tlio ery on all sides, as dashing off our conts, and seizing spades, we commenced in right earnest our laborious work. Our first endeavour was to clear a circle of grass round about the ennip, so as to insulate us, and prevent any connection with the fire when it did come up. Hard did we work, nnd with desperate energy, knowing that the safety of all we possessed depended upon our exertions. But a few minutes more, anil our camp might bo a mass of smouldering nslias. Look&g; out, the cry still was, "It comes! it comes!" Quicker flew the spades rcsponrivcly ; but, alii it wns of little use. We saw, with concern, that we could not hope by tills means to clear in tiino a sufficient channel. The danger was now imminent. " Take your firebrands," sounded the commanding voice of our chief, nricl instantly a party of us seized some lighted branches, and set fire to the grass around us in patch after patch, while another party with long brooms were dexterously confining tlio flames within a certain radius. The scene was now exciting in the extreme. " Look out there, it is spreading!" Away we rusii with our brooms to the spot, nud subdue the encroaching flames just in tile nick of time. "Here! help, help, boys 1" Bnck ngnin wc fly with redoubled vigour. " Good God, the tent lias caught it. Fly, Jack ! Bravo, well done," ns Jack dashes back the foe. Now and then wo are in the midst of the flames, and only the celerity of our move ments prevent our clothes from catching firo. The nir is stifling; often wo gasp for breath ns tlio suffocating smoke envelopes us,— the per spiration runs in torrents down our swarthy blackened faces, but we heed it not, — rushing madly about, nnd yelling fiercely, wo appear like a Innd of salamanders in some horrid orgic. " Great heavens! the horses nro lost," frantically erics the old mail, and away brave Hilton flics, to the rescue. There tlicy stand quivering with affright, and seem transfixed to the spot, but J nek soon rouses them, nud mounting one, anil driving the others before, tnkes them to a place of safety. At length, to our intense satisfaction, we elearod a space nil round our ennip, just ns tho dreadful foe was near upon' us, nnd taking n lirenth, with a feeling of awe we stood looking nt the great ocean of flame hoarsely sighing as it rnslicd along the deep gorge by the river, seizing on tree' after tree, and bush after bush, with bewildering speed, — tall withered trees now and then fell with a splosh into the smoking water, which scctned' like " fierce Piilcgethon, whose wnves of torrent fire inflame with rnge," ns flnmibg branches floated on its troubled bosom, and (lire was the nolso Of conflict, ever head ttie dismal hiss Of liery darts in flaming volllcs flew. As also burning embers shot up like rockets into tlio nir in every direetiou, ns if some myriads of furies were waging desperate war. Up on the level ground, the sight wns grander still ; there seemed a million chariots of lire speeding on in their , terrible devastating course, ns tuft after tuft caught the fiery batmen, and blazed nwny. Sometimes, we beheld large snakes writhing in the agonies . of clenth, fearful to look nt. ns tliey " madly "darted to and fro, wliilo the poor opossums ami wombats would climb to the topmost twig of the tallest trees and cling with desperate tenacity, but, alns ! it was of no avail ; only a short agonising respite until ns branch after brnncli took ilro, the poor nnimtds, despite tlicir struggles, fell a charred, blackened, lifeless mass to the ground ! Providentially for us, we had previously cut dowii nil the trees in our immediate vicinity for firewood, so that although the fire was now raging around us, we were sufficiently isolntcr), and feeling quite secure, we now looked com placently ouourballlcd foe, which, like a roaring lion, passed us by, leaving us masters of the field — wo bad bravely struggled mid we had won — man's skill lintl prevailed. i Standing with pnnnikius in onr bands, liow luscious wns the. copious d.rauglitsof water which wc now quailed greedily, as if wc would drain the cask dry, — those only know the taste of blessed water who linvc felt iu all tlieir keen ness tlio pangs of burning thirst ; certninly, tlio finest old burgundy or spnrkling champagne which it Ins ever been our lot to imbibe, never felt half sii delicious ns did now this homely fluid. Most acceptable also wns our savoury dinner nfter our exertions, nnd then taking n refreshing sleep wc forgot for a time the toils and anxieties of tlio day. Shortly after the fire bad passed us, nnd just ns the aspect of affairs bad begun seriously to' alarm the good folks of Stratford, who were all out, man, woman, and child, ready to adopt any measures for the safety of tlieir homesteads, tlio direction of tlio breeze furtimntely changed, , nnd a smart shower of l'tiin now falling, the fire was soon extinguished sulficicntly to prevent its spr tiding any further, but hnd this not been the ense the consequences might linvc been lament able, and even some lives — as lias often happened — might have been sacrificed. The scene is changed; it is now Alight, dark nnd 'impenetrable, — stretching out iu every direction ns far as tlio eye can reach nro burning stumps of trees, crackling nnd spluttering merrily together, and, like some gram! midnight illumination, only serving to make the darkness vl-iblc; or, ns tlio smouldering ciiibcrs in thick profusion, ever nnd anon flutter up for ml instant into a bright flame, and then as suddenly die out, bring to mind soinc monster scene of revelry with nil Its myriad dazzling lamps nnd strange, hazy, fan tastic-forms flitting about, caused by the pud's of smoke; witlial melancholy, lonely, uiicnrtlily, weird-like all appears. Sinking on our couch strange fnnoiful drenms, In fitful starts, disturb our rest ; awakening, licnr the wailing souutl of the sighing wind, then fall to dream once more Suddex Death op Mr. P. Deeixax. — By a gentleman who has received a leller. from Queensland, wo hnvo been informed of the melancholy and audden death of Mr. Patrick Doclmn, Into of tlio Campaspe. It appears that Mr. Deehnn, who lmd taken up a run in tlio now colony, was out in tlio bush on liorso- buck after sheep, and tlio animal ho was riding swerving and throwing liim, he fell on his head and broke bis neck, causing almost instantnno- ;ous deutli. As somo misapprehension may arise, from the similarity of tlio name, wo may state that the deceased was not the Mr. P. j, Doolian, of tho firm of Deolinn Brothers, of SaiidliAirot, cattlo salesmen, but n cousin of tho bitter, nnd had been a farmer at tlio Campaspo for a length of time. Ho was well known and much respected by a largo cirole of frionds in the district, to whom the intelligence of his sudden dentil will be a sourco of regrot. — Beniiqo Arloertiser. Cards.— " Thoy wera too trifling for me when I wis grave, nnd too dull for me when I was cheer- ul." —Dr.JohnwB. 