LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. TBE COMMITTEE OF THE BENEVOLENT ASYLUM, DR. BUNCE, AND ITS SECEDING HONORARY MEDICAL STAFF. Sis,-Having seen the letter of the fire late hono rary medical officers of the Benevolent Asyl am, and that of *'Humbug,"-signed "Anti-Humbug"-io the Star thia morning, I weald crave the favor ol making a few remarks on the much- vexed and mis understood question. I think Dr Bun ce has good reason to exclaim, " Save me from my friends !" when he is so pitilessly made the stalking horse of a medical clique, attempting to dictate to, ¿nd tram ple under their medical heel, the committee of the Asylum, and to make a molehill a mountain, apon which to exalt their would-be dignity and impor tance. Will any one of those five medical dictators tell me that I am not at liberty to dismiss bim from at tendance in my family without assigning any reason or holding an enquiry for so doing ? I would also further enquire, how many of the rest of the profes sion would refuse my call to replace him. Dr Bonce was the hired servant of the institution for one year; he got a month's notice to leave, which he waa will ing to do on receiving his foll year's «ages ; the committee dissented from such payment, leaving it a simple question between master and servant as to the quantum of wages payable ander contract. Had the committee paid him the year's wages, for which he threatened to sue, there was an end of the mat ter, and all this much to do abont nothing would have been spared you and me and aU con cerned. The honorary medical officers, however, rushed to the rescue of their brother, and under the ban of leaving the institution to take care of itself so far as they were concerned, de nounced the idea of one of tbe profession being dealt with as a servant, and dismissed by bis master with out their authority and consent; or, that their digni fied profession should be treated with contempt by a body of tradesmen, and the opinion of the six lead , ing medical men of Ballarat be questioned by an ex trooper. Aod because the undignified committee of tradesmen-the founders and rearers of this noble institution, and of which Ballarat is so justly proud -did not at once humble itself and the institution in the dust before thia dignified, immaculate, and self-exhausted clique, all of them with one honorable exception left its suffering inmates to then* own care so far as they were concerned. I wonder. Sir, if the loss in life, bodily ailments, health and suffering (if any) arising from ignorance, malpractice, experimenting, or other causes attribu table to medical interference, were chronicled for public edification, would it in any way justify an ex-trooper dissenting from medical opinion or treat ment? " Humbug" seems to have it all bia own way, bnt I will take " old granny's" word against the " ghost" and be sure to win. However.it is gratifying to sec that one amongst the medical s;aff of the institution (Dr MacParlane) is a " good Samaritan," and that bis heart possesses the genuine beat of Christian charity, for be baa not ' deserted the trust reposed in him by the supporters of this noble institution. I remain. Sir, your«, &c;, CHARITY. 8 th December. 