THE THEATRE ROYAL. Miss Joey Gougonheim's engagement terminated on Saturda3' night, when a fair house was attracted to witness the filial performance of Life in the South. If this piece is to bo taken as a fair specimen of the '. sensation drama" of the modern stage, we be- lieve we may safely say that the public here have had quite enough of it. It was imported from America, and to America it may be reshippcd as unsuitable to this market. It must be said notwithstanding, that the piece was not without its effects, both in scenery and in action.' On Friday night we had Tom Taylor's exquisite comedy of The Unequal Match, though we must confess-whilst in tho grumbling mood-that wo scarcely rec 'gnised our old favorite ns it was served np to us. We presume that this piece ton was played alter an American edition. Certainly many of the most telling points were cut out and although the comedy was admirably put upon the stage, the sacrifices made to give prominence to the leading part were just neither to the audience, nor, to the nuthor. We trust the management will reproduce the piece and give it to us in its entirety. To-night the " sensation" give3 placo to the " legitimate" drama. Shakspore mokes his appear anco on tho boards after a too long absence. Mr. Neil Warner is admitted by all critics to be the finest " Hamlet" that lins ever appeared in Aus- tralia. Mr. G. V. Brooke has long passed the days when ho could play " Hamlet" as wo remember to have seen him at the old Olympic. In voice, in gesture, in tho true interpretation of the Prince of Denmark, Mr. Warner is without a rival in this part of the world in a character which is invested with a peculiar interest at this moment from tho rival rcadingB of it given by M. Fechter, the great actor, and Charles Kean, who achieved in it his great success and who is still delighting the London play-world with his impersonation. Miss KateWarde takes tho part of "Ophelia" and the "Ghost" finds a representative in tho person of Mr. Macrcady, a son of the great tragedian, who inherits something we behove of his father's dramatic talent. We congratulate the management on tho spirit thus far displayed, and in the promise of a succes- sion of pieces of sterling merit. Amongst the on dits is tho statemeut that Macbeth, is to he put on the stage with Lock's original music, and all tho scenic effects introduced by Charles Kean at the Princess's. t OABTLES IN THE AIE.-The Theatre Royal was crowded iu every part yesterday afternoon, whf n tho Rev J. Wilks Simmons delivered the second of his series of addresses. Mr. Alderman Crisp occupied the Chair. Tho revorond gentleman whose address was listcued to with deep attention, chose for his subject " Castles in tho nir" and after alluding to the mutability of all earthly things and the visionary nature of the, echemos too often indulged in by men, drew attention to the eternal mansions, and besought his hearers KO to pass the time allowed them ou earth, as to fit them for the heavenly abode. THE RIFLE MATCHES.-The firing for tho Buck- land Prizes, will take place this day, at the butts,in the Government Domain. SITTINGS IN BANCO.-His Honor tho Chief Justice being detained at tho Criminal Sittings in Lauucestou,tho Supremo Court will not sit in banco to-niorcow. IMPORTANT SALE.-This morning at 11 o'clock prompt, Mr. Hunt's remaining Stock in Trade, Bhop fittings, baths, boilers, tubs, bath room gar- niture, household furniture &c.; &c;, by Mr. Worloy. Remember the tima II o'clock. The lots will be submitted in tho order of catalouge. ' DANGEROUS LOCALITY.-The nttontion of the City Surveyor is directed to the state of Argyle strèot, at the lower end, near the wharf, and es- pecially at its junction with Morrison-street, where, by the lamp po->t opposite Lloyd's Hotel, there is a bolo some feet deep. luto this hole, a day or two ago, a respectable tradesman of this city, unex- pectedly inserted his leg, thereby sustaining a severe injury. This ought to bo at once looked to, and it would bo also desirable to put a few loads of gravel on the carriágo road, to fill up the holes, which the rain ha3 exposed. BRIGHT EXAMPLE-We are informed that as soon it was discovered that William Owen and his sou were drowned, a young lady, 14 years of age, volun- tary engaged to collect subscriptions for the relief of the widow, and fatherless children and has suc- ceeded in obtaining upwards of 11pnds. We hope that other young ladies, stimulated by the same bene- volent motive, may be induced to contribute to the same beneficient purpose. A DETERMINED SIIOT-LIFTE«.-By our police re- port it will bo seen that u dangerous charaoter has been checked in her career, forafnw months, at least. The delinquent who has boon four times at the House of Correction_ within the last tw-i years for shop robberies, had just married an industrious mnn residing in tho bush near O'Brien's Bridgo, and appeared in court in bridal habiliments. Boing determined to provide an ampio stock for country lif'e.she patronized no lass than half a dozen trades- men, namely :-Messrs. Overoll nnd McMillan, where she helped herself to soma gay colored silk handkerchiefs ; Mr. Doyle a book, Mr. Westcott, a a ditto, Mr. O'Rielly, a coat, Mr, Allen, a sacque, and Mr.-Jackson, a small fancy band:ba9ket Her mode of doing business was characteristic and one instance will be a fair sample of the rest ; she visited the shop of Mr. Allen, Murray-street, several, thjes in the morning, and aeain at the dinner hour between ~oue and two o clock, when there was only one person, a yonnsr man, in the shop, and while the assHtaut was in the act of reaching some handkerchiefs which she had asked for, from the window, she concealed a sacque coat on her person, and contrived, on some pretence, to leave tho shop, without purchasing. Shortly after wares fcbo attempted to pawn the coat at Mr. Robert's, but as the shop mark had not been re- moved, his suspicions were excited and he detained the woman who was subsequently apprehended and taken before the magistrates who sentenced her to twelve months at the Cascades. THE WEATHER: MORE RAIN.-Although we have had several showers for some time past, the ground has not been penetrated more than about three inches, and the farmers have been prevented from using the plough to nny good purpose. On Saturday morning, however, a heavy, but steady shower fell, and continued for some hours, soaking well into the earth, and softening it to such an extent, that the plough will now be able to pene- trate, and prepare the ground for the reception of the seed. As far as the meteorological indications are to be noticed, there is every sign of a continu- ance of wet weather. I THE DORCAS SOCIETT.-This useful institution has been brought somewhat prominently before the public by a resolution adopted by the Board of Management of the General Hospital, to the effect that all destitute females in their confinement should be assisted by the Dorcas Society, as the General Hospital was never intended to be used as a receptacle for lying-in women. Without discuss- ing the propriety or otherwise, of this arrangement on the part of the Hospital Roard, we wish to draw attention to the benefits conferred by the Dorcas Society.in assisting many poor women at a time of great need and tribulation ; these benefits must be obvious to every mother of a family, who is happily placed beyond tho reach of want or other necessity ; and what we wish to impress upon the notice of the benevolent, is the important fact, that funds are rcquired.to carry out to the fullest extent the admirable object of the society. It is now, we belie ved.under the direction of some humane ladies, who contribute in every way, as far as their means will allow, to the condition of those who are them- ' selves destitute of the means to provide for the necessities of their accouchement. But more assist- ance is required, and we call upon those, who, sur rouuded with every comfort.and many blessed with the luxuries of life.to come forward, and contribute to the funds of the Dorcas Society. There is much misery and poverty in Hobart Town, at the present moment, and any contribution to relieve the sufferers would be regarded, we are sure, with satis- faction and gratitude. SPANISH FAITHLESSNESS.-The dispatches on the Bubjeetoftho Mexican intervention have been published. On the 18th nit. Earl Russell remon- strated with the Spanish Government.on the ground that the Spanish expedition left Cuba before the arrival of the Anglo-French forces. The Spanish Government made a semi- apology ; and thus tho responsibility of the Captain-General of Cuba, who was^Fearful of arriving too late, and was also ignorant of the arrangements made. In a letter to Sir J, Crompton, at Madrid, dated Jan. 15, Earl Russell 6ays :-" The departure of the Spanish expedition from Havannah and the military occupa- tion of Vera Cruz, to say nothing of the tone of the proclamation issued by the Spanish Government, demonstrate that a combined expedi- tion, at a great distance from Europe, is subject to tho discretion at all times.to the rashness sometimes, of the separate commanders and diplomatic agents. I wish you to read to Marshal O'Donnell and M. Calderon Collantes the preamble.and the article of our convention which defines what our intervention is intended to do and what it is not intended to do. You will point out that the allied forces are not to bo used for the purpose of depriving the Mexicans of their un- doubted right of choosing their own form of Gorornment." On the 20th January, Earl Russell wrote to Lord Cowley, at Paris, giving an account of an interview with Count FlnJhault, who said : " That the precipitate step taken by General Ser- rano in commencing operations without waiting for the forces of France and England, was calcu- lated to enhance the difficulties of the expedition ; that it now seemed inevitable that the allied forces must advance into tho interior of Mexico; and not only would the force at present agreed upon be insuf- ficient for such an operation, but the operation itself would assume a character in regard to which the Emperor could not nllow the French force to be in a position of inferiority to that of Spain, or to run the risk of being compromised. His Imperial Majesty has therefore determined to Rend a rein- forcement of between 3,000 and «1,000 men to Mexico. I told Count Flahauet that I very much regretted this step. I had no objection to offer on behalf of her Majesty's Government to the validity of the argument that the forces of Franco should not bo inferior in number to thoso of Spain. I would, therefore, only observe that it would not bo possible for her Majesty's Government' to detach any greater amount of troops for operations on shore than the force of marines already sent to the Morican coast." On the 21th Earl Cowley wrote to Earl Rns'cl, stating that M. Thouvcnal had intimated to him that Franco had not entered into negotiations for placing the Archduke Maximilian ' on the Mexican throne. On this rumour Earl Russell, in a dis- patch to Mr. C. Wyke, in Moxico, dated 27th Jan., remarks:-"If the Mexican people, by a sponta- neous movement, place the Austrian Archduke on tho throne of Mexico, there is nothiug in the con- vention to prevent it. On the other hand, we could be no parties to a forcible intervention for this purpose." 