ARRIVAL OF THE BOMBAY IN HOBSON'S BAY. LATEST INTELLIGENCE. [VIA MALTA AND ALEXANDRIA TELEGRAPH ] PORT JUBAL, RED SEA, MAY 4. London, May 2.— Exhibition opened yesterday ; weather magnificent ; 30,000 persons present; splendid success. Russian loan introduced ; coldly re- ceived. Wool sales commenced well. Yorktown besieged. Mercier at Rich- mond on special mission. Guyon re- called. Prussia.— Liberals triumphant. Mexican hostilities renewed. Turks defeated by Montenegrins. __ The Bombay, Captain Methven, left Galle May 22ad, and had fine weather through the trade winds to Kng George's Sound, where she arrived at one p.m. on the 5th inst. After leaving, the wind for two day's (Friday and Sa- turday) was from the east and north- east; then had fine westerly breezes until reaching Cape Otway, which was passed at half-past twelve on the 10th. After passing the Otway, she had thick weather for some hours ; and entered the Heads at half-past six p.m. After landing the Geelong mail, she steamed up the bay, and anchored about half-past nine. The mails are in charge of Capt. Reid, Admiralty agent. The Bombay is commanded by Cap- tain Methven, who for some time had the Salsette. Captain Rogers, her late commander, has gone to China with a valuable freight, and will be removed to the Meditorranoan line. The dates by the Bombay are : Galle, 22nd May ; Bombay, 14th May ; Madras, 14th May ; Calcutta, 9th May; Hong Kong, 27th April. The following is the letter of our London correspondent :— LONDON, APRIL 26. The remarkable naval duel between the Merri- mac and the Monitor, in Hampton Roads, has created a profound impression throughout Europe, and especially in England. It is the deadliest blow at the maritime supremacy of Great Britain that has been dealt for many a decade. The exultant Americans, with characteristic impe- tuosity and extravagance, believe they see in the exploits of their invulnerable ironsides the down- fall of that naval power which they have so long envied and hated. Our ascendancy on the seas is, in their opinion, for ever disposed of. And our neighbours on the opposite side of the Channel, too, interpret the feeling of dismay which has seized upon the Eng- lish mind as a confession of consciousness on our part that the days of our proud supremacy are numbered, and that it will no longer be possible effectually to secure our coast against invasion. Nor is this appreciation of the gravity of tbo crisis confined to foreigners and rivals. The echoes of that unprecedented and startling battle, rever- berating across the Atlantic, have carried con- sternation into the British House of Commons, the Admiralty, the War-office, Printinghouse square, and a thousand mercantile circles throughout the land. The nation has been thoroughly roused to the terrifying conviction that those ancient bulwarks of our island home and symbols of our sway, the " Wooden Walls of Old England" are no more. The chief arm of our traditional strength is suddenly and fatally broken. The Times has announced that our coasts are absolutely unprotected ; and that we, whose armaments two months ago out- matched the combined navies of the world, have at the present moment only two ships afloat - all the wooden three-deckers, which used to be our pride and trust, no longer count- ing for anything. There is, of course, some panic and much exaggeration in this representa- tion ; yet, modify and qualify the fact as we may, the position of affairs cannot but be admitted to be sufficiently critical, and the controversy on the subject which has raged during the mouth reveals the uneasiness and agitation of the nation. Day and night men have talked or dreamed of fleets of Merrimacs and Monitors, and other invincible monsters, steaming into our ports and arsenals, regardless of all existing means of defence or attack, and, after committing all kinds of devastations, retreating uninjured. For two or three weeks the public mind was given up to this kind of epidemic terror, but it has since been considerably calmed and reassured by the extraordinary results of some recent gunnery experiments by Sir William Armstrong, at Shoeburyness, which I will presently describe. In the meantime, that your readers may thoroughly comprehend the facts and bearings of a question which to the Australian colonies, equally with the mother country, is second in im- portance to no other, I will furnish, from a variety of sources, fuller details than have yet reached you of the armament of the Merrimac and the Monitor, and the incidents of the new celebrated fight between them. THE CONFEDERATE SQUADRON. This consisted of three vessels—the Merrimac, or Virginia, as named by the Confederates ; the Yorktown, sometimes called the Patrick Henry : and the Jamestown. The two latter were old steamers converted into ships of war, and covered with armour—one carrying six and the other two rifled guns ; but as they seem to have done little service, it is unnecessary to describe them more particularly. The Merrimac was the vessel which attracted a good deal of attention a few years ago, when she visited this country. She belonged to the same batch as the Minnesota and Roanoke. She had been sunk by the Federals on their evacuation of Norfolk, had been raised by the Confederates, and after seve- ral months of labour, had been fitted for sea as an iron-cased frigate. According to the New York Tribune, the spar-deck of the Merrimac was 281 feet long and 52 broad in her original condition, and she drew 23 feet of water. "She rated about 4,000 tons burden. Her frame was of live oak, filled in solid, and caulked 14 feet out from the kelson. Forward the ship had 10 live oak breast- hooks, fastened through and through with copper under the water, and iron above ; aft she had seven breasthooks. The engine was of 800-horse power, with a two-bladed propeller 14 feet in diameter, The Merrimac was launched in 1856. Since then the Merrimac has been raised, placed upon the dry dock, and covered with an entire slanting roof of railroad iron. This additional weight nearly broke her down upon the dry dock, and they found almost as much difficulty in launching her as was found in launching the Great Eastern. Owing to a mistake in calculation, on being launched, she was found to sink four feet deeper than before, so as to take in water. So she was again taken out, being hogged in the operation and otherwise so strained that the Southern newspapers pronounced her a failure, and it is more than probable that with no opposition she would never dare to go to sea. She is probably a very good movable floating battery. Above the water's edge she is said to present nothing but her roof of railroad iron, with a smoke stack rising a few feet above it. From the accounts which we have of the fight, her rate of speed is very moderate. She mounted ten 100-pound Armstrong guns, which are reported to have mashed through iron mail as thick as that of the Warrior and Black Prince, but which do not appear to have made any impression on the Monitor. THE FEDERAL SQUADRON. The Federal vessels engaged in the contest were more numerous than those of their antago- nists, but most of those were wooden sailing ships. The Cumberland was a sloop of war, built in 1842. She was 1,726 tons burden, and carried twenty-four heavy guns. The St. Lawrence is a fifty-gun frigate, 1,726 tons register, built in 1847\. The Congress is a fifty-gun frigate, 1,867 tons, regular built, 1841. The Minnesota is a steamer carrying forty-guns, and is 3,200 tons, regular. She was built in 1855. The Roanoke is also a forty-gun steamer, and her burden 3,400 tons; likewise built in 1855. Her ma- chinery has been for some time out of repair, so that she had to be towed-about during the action. All interest, however, is concentrated upon the redoubtable Monitor, of which a more precise description will be looked for. The Monitor was built from plans furnished to the American Government, in the autumn of last year, by Captain Ericsson, and was one of three iron-clad vessels undertaken about the same time. The contract for the Monitor was signed on the 4th of October, which provided for the completion of the vessel by the 4th of January, that is, in 102 days. It was regarded by the authorities as rather a doubtful experiment. Owing to various delays in the construction, she was not launched until January 30, and when sent forth to encounter the terrible Merrimac, she was so far unfit for service, that it is said that not a particle of oakum had been used upon her. As the sea breaks over her, from stem to stern, owing to the lowness of her hull, her deck leaked by the bucketful, deluging everything inside. Many persons have wondered at the name given to this marine novelty—a name so inexpressive of any of its presumed qualities. The builder, how- ever, has condescended to explain that he desig- nated his invention the Monitor because he thought it would serve as a warning to Downing- street, and admonish the British Admiralty not to lavish millions of money on fabrics which might be found utterly unserviceable when matched with more ingenious designs. The vessel is sharp at both ends, and consists of a lower and upper hull. The lower hull is iron plated. The upper section is 5 feet high, with perpendicular sides, and the same sharp ends, and is 41 feet 4 inches wide, jutting over the lower hull 3 feet 7inches on each side. The sides of this upper section are a little over 3 feet in thickness. First, there is an inner guard of six-inch plate iron, and upon this a section of white oak timber, 36 inches thick, and covered with an armour 6 inches thick, formed of six 1-inch iron plates, lapped and firmly riveted together. The deck or top of the battery is even with the top of the hull, and is covered with two thicknesses of inch plate iron, fastened to 8-inch oak plank and 10-inch oak timber, but 26 inches apart. There is no railing or other ob- struction on the top of the battery except a round tower or turret, 20 feet in diameter and 9 feet high, and 8 inches thick, made of plate iron. The turret has two port holes, each 2 feet in diameter, for two 11-inch columbiads, and is also pierced for musketry. The turret is of im- mense weight, but made to revolve by machinery from below, so as to bring the guns in any desired range, and to remove the ports from the enemy's guns while loading. The battery is steered from the front, the wheelhouse standing before the turret. The wheelhouse is strongly built, of iron, and can be lowered into the hold like a bale of dry goods. When lowered the top, which is bomb- proof, is level with and forms a part of the deck. The joints are water-tight. The house is pierced for sharp- shooters. The ends of the upper vessel project over the propeller, rudder, and anchor. The propeller is, of course, at the stern, and the equipoise rudder behind that, and they are so protected by the upper vessel that they cannot be struck by a ball. The anchor is in front, and is short, but very heavy. It is hoisted by a chain running into the hold, up into a place fitted for it, outside of the lower hull, but within the im- pregnable wall of the upper hull. The entrance to the hold is by small hatchways, which, when closed, form a part of the deck, and are equally secured. The interior of the bat- tery presents a novel and interesting study. In the bow are the cable and anchor chambers; next the cabin and quarters of the officers and men ; and amidships the cook-room, and over- head the small engine which is to furnish ventila- tion and work the turret. Just abaft are the furnaces, and in the stern the engine working the propeller. The bunkers for wood, coal, and am- munition, and the water tanks, occupy every con- ceivable vacancy. The cabin is neatly but sub- stantially fitted up, and shows that it is meant for use more than pleasure. Taken altogether, it would be impossible to imagine more material, and that more substantial and serviceable, and at the same time more perfect in a smaller space than is embodied within this formidable engine of war- fare. Of the efficiency of the battery great hopes are expressed. It has no vulnerable part save the port holes, which are exposed only for about half a minute in firing. Its shape and massive iron prow will enable it to sink any ordinary vessel with perfect ease. In case it is boarded, no harm is done. The only entrance is at the top of the turret, which cannot easily be scaled, and even then but one man at a time can descend. There are no places in the deck where an en- trance can be forced, so that the boarding party may stand until the sea washes them off, or the sharpshooters assist their departure. It is claimed that it can steam into any port, deliver its effective broadside, and retire in safety. The battery is about four feet above water, and weighs 1,400,000lb. Her two columbiads carry balls each weighing 183lb., or conical balls of 3501b. This latest American "notion," of which the Yankees are naturally immensely proud, turns ont to be a plagiarism from England after all. So long ago as the year 1855, a vessel almost identical with the Monitor was designed by Capt. Coles, and was submitted to the Admiralty, with the usual fate. Traditional prejudice and official wrong-headedness were too powerful for the man of practical ingenuity, and the scheme was shelved, to re-appear at length as an American invention. The only feature in which the Moni- tor differs from Captain Coles's shield-ship con- sists in the former carrying her "turret" its whole height (nine feet) above the upper deck, whereas Captain Coles sinks his cupola through the upper deck, resting it upon the turn table on the next deck below, leaving nothing in view above the level of the upper deck but the sloping shields, resembling gigantic inverted tea saucers, through the sides of which peer the two guns. THE FIGHT — IRON VERSUS WOOD. The important sea-fight which has done so much towards revolutionizing the system of naval warfare appears to have commenced on Saturday, March the 8th, and waa extended over the next day. Numerous graphic accounts have been published, and I think. I shall be consult- ing the pleasure at your readers, by selecting from them such descriptions as will convey a vivid and accurate impression of the chief inci- dents of the battle. The attack was initiated by the Merrimac and her two sister ships, who, in bold and dashing style, assailed the much more numerous Federal blockading squadron lying off the mouth of James River. The ships of the latter force all carried formidable guns—Dahlgrens, colum- biads, and other specimens of modern ordnance after American design. On the shore were Federal batteries, also heavily armed, and pre- pared to assist the squadron within a certain range, so that the power of attach, as expressed by modern artillery, was well represented. The commencement of the encounter is thus narrated by an officer of the Cumberland, which vessel was the first to succumb to the new iron Witch of the Seas:— "The Cumberland and the Congress were at anchor, at some distance from each other at Newport's News, about 300 yards apart. At about half-past eleven a.m. the rebel's steamer Merrimac came in sight, and we were all on the alert, watching her movements. There was not very much surprise expressed, as she had been expected for some days. The men were beat to quarters almost imme- diately, and every preparation made for active resistance. "As soon as the Merrimac got within one mile of the Cumberland, we opened fire upon her from our ten-inch pivot guns and our rifled cannon. Some of the shots struck her, and others passed or fell short. She paid no attention whatever to our firing until she got near the Congress, when she fired into her. The Con- gress immediately returned the compliment by discharging a whole broadside, followed by an- other. She continued on her course, still firing at the Congress, but seeming not to care much for her, and on coming much nearer passed by her, and made direct for the Cumberland under a full head of steam. On approaching sufficiently near she fired one shot at us, which killed five men, and cut away our main rigging, hammock netting, &c.; The Cumberland at once replied by firing into her most vigorously. The Merrimac then drew < -cff for a short distance, rounded to, and ran into l<, «ii-, t-triking ua on the port bow, backing off again, * ' ittd tiring into uti. Wo continued all the while \- pouring shot» and shell against her from our nine Lt ' inch ¡.-uns and ten-inch pivots, without producing -". ¡svny tffeet on her whatever. The Oumberlanl v row began lo sink. Tho iron monster had ord/ v aun into us once, and still we know that then . «as no chance at all of saving the vessel, i. Although iu this dangerous and momentarily siuk ? i np condition, the men and officers nobly stoo 1 ' their ground. Tho Morrimao continued all tli'u .vi.ile firing oocasional shots into us, killing fou.' -. -Pt live mon at ovory Bhot. The oockpit was soo a fi'led with wounded men, and poorfelfows maimel J til- lifo were scattered over the upper gun' an 1 i »birth decks. Still our men continued workiu{ ' ¡and fighting their guns in the most gallant man ., aier. Our forward magazine was soon filled with tha water which was rushing into the ship, so that it i ¡became entirely useless,, Tho best order, undee the circumstances, prevailed ; but the cries of th-3 -wounded were dreadful. At one time a shell l.urst through the sick bay or hospital, killing ícur mea who wera on the sick-list and unable to Jtcpoit for duty. At last the water rushed meo «he gun deck-ports, and it was seen that the ship . -would not float much longer. She was now all i «down by the head, and going fast to the bottom, Ulie boats were therefore ordered out, and with <J fliculty brought alongside. It was, however, \ almost impossible for the mon to get from the trun deck to the spar-deck, but some of them climbed into the rigging, and others sprang over- board as the ship was settling out of sight. ¿Everybody was naturally endeavouring to reach itihe boats ; somo fifty or sixty men were seen . floating and swimming about, catching at spart-. The rule now was, every one for himself. "Tho officers of the Cumberland suffered * severely ; while the men on board, who were un» , »bio to help themselves owing to their terrible wounds, Bank before any effort could be made to ,,£et them off. But the good old frigate went \- -down with the Union flag flying, as no man on \- tioard would haul it down-officers and men de- claring that they would go down before they would surrender. On the same night tho fUg , ta as nailed to hor forotopraast, whleh remained «hove water after she sank, by some sailors who ' ief t specially to do so. DuriDg the whole engage .jxent betweeu the Cumberland and the Merrimao there was but one man seen on the latter vessel, -He carno out of her hatch, and as soon as he was seen a shot was fired at him, which cut him «completely in two, sending his head flying in one direction, and his legs and pare of .lois body in another. When the Cumberland was going down, the men on board cheered lustily, as thoy also did when the rebel flag and flagstaff wero shot away from on board the Merrimao, There were no cheers nor shouts on board the -Ältrrimao. The other two secesh steamers had -Eicnch flags flying, which could bo plainly seen ?ru. a great distance ; but nobody can give any ren- ton for this. To all appearance, there were tea r.uns on board tho Merrimao-four on each aid.., «ud one each at her bow and stern. Sae i reran to Are at about half-past one o'olook, tut we could only occasionally see the men <? ho were working the guns. They were bohiud their ports, and we could only get a glimpse at ¿lit ra on the recoil of their pieces. Several at- tempts were made to pick them off with rifle t-hots. Every shot fired by the Merrimao went through our Bbjp, but we could make no im- pression at all upon her, although wo gave hor -over twenty broadsides of sohd shot and shall from our nine-inch and ten-inob. guns. Toe Cumberland sank in water about fifty-four feot deep. The steamer Whilden saved a great num- ber of those who foil into the water and war j clinging to bits of spars and loose wood. Ta i engagement lasted for about two hours, unta the Cumberland finally went down with herfla¿< flying." \- One of the crew of the unfortunate Cumberland makes the following corroborative statement : - " Faith in the power and efficiency, not to say impregnability, of our vessel was a peculiar cha- racteristic on board the Cumberland. How well 'founded the idea was you will soon see. It was .now about two o'clock, and another movement of surprise was observable-another proof that sor- rows ' come in battalions.' _ Another signal gun -from the nhoro, close tous this time. Turning eyes tip James River, wo saw our quondam friend, 'he (pAtriok Henry (tho old Jamestown of the New Yo '< '»lid Richmond lino), accompanied by thoYorktow , -A vessel that has boon her consort in her mo. J opeacef ni pursuits. Theso last vessels, armed . j -tho teeth, steamed down and joined the smoking, «queer-looking, Merrimac They soon began to get uncomfortably near. We wero all anxious' ,? waiting for the command to 'givo it to them.' At laut an order was given, and tvio of our heaviest ' playthings' Bpoke out their cotnpli monts, and sent their BuhBtantial respeots to the -monster, whioh still appeared to be making for us ?joauiculurly. To our intense disgust, not to Bay astonishment, the two solid iron messengers, after shaving been so well direct odas to strike our antago- nist fairly and squarely, ricocheted from hor roof and disappeared in the distanoe beyond. On she carno, without returning the compliment, and we occasionally giving her a taste of our metal, until -within, I should judge, about a hundred yards of us, when she suddenly yawed around, and we hid rev more thnn time to count five guns on her side (before thoir oontents oame crashing through our 'bulwarks. We gave her as many as she sont, with some by way of interest, but it did not seem to 'affect her in the slightest. Then tho Congress, .which was lyingSfurther- down, and the water "battery of heavy columbiads on the Point com- menced playing upon tho monster in a way which must have given thoso on board a very good idea cf a vory severe hailstorm. But, bless you, the only notice sbo took of them was to occa- sionally throw a sholl or two into or over tha «camps at tho News. She eutirely iguored the «xistenoo of the American frigate Congress. In lees time than I have boon writing the lost tea lines, our antagonist steamed round and came up within forty yards of us, and gave us another ol «tluMO terrible broadsides. The shrieks of the wounded woro hoartronding to hear ; but a Bailor -in action bas no time to think of anything but 'his work, and such of our guns as were not dis- abled still kept up thoir fire. "JJutour rival now adopted different taotios. Drawing off a few hundred yards, she put on a ' full head of steam, and carne directly at us, for tho purpose of running us down. She struck our port side, as near as I could judge (for I was <tbron ii completely aoross the deck from the force -of the collision), about opposite the foremast, «nakina a tremendous cavity below our water -line. Tho water carno rushing in, in spitfj of all ?efforts to prevent it, and it was soon noise I »round that we were Binking. This rumour ha t Iiardly time to go through the ship when th > monstör had disengaged herself, and was aga;n «¡mini; at us at the top of her speed. There was no «escaping, of courso, but all who were left .alive! and uninjurod, managed to seize some thing wherewith lo withstand the force of ffis» D'ow" ^n 8^° oamei striking us i t & Thread -rTarfÄ-me^g^e! teryt ngTw?re W -*b^ *¿¿*¿¡ff ' ously. Many wore injured, ^ »?.">« «*? i .could seo as well as wo that wé emulado the a .'little harm, our antagonist now directed hw »tto4- I "Son to the batteries on shore and tb« ,^"¡¡3tm,_ i Of courBo, everyone on Our ship sought person al ! 'raafety. Many ot tho boats had boen injure 1, ¡but in thoBe left such, of (uí wounded as could b3 «eadity got at w^-f0 pha^ an¿ au ffho oould got ¡iii <ir*tbund the boats were hurried to the shore, if»s for me, I climbed up in the rigging wifi many others, and wns almost displaced from m/ seat when the ship gave a final lurch. At last, i ¿owover, a steam-tug carno out from the wharf a*. 3íoWpBi¿'fJ News, and wu nero all pioked up aai -carried in safety to terra fit ma." . I " The Merrimac, seeing that she had fmlshod up tho Cumberland, thou drew off finally, and re- named to the Congress, firing at her as she ap proaohed. The two other rebel steamers, the Jamestown and Yorktown were now seen oomin* Jotvn tho James river, and toon after opened firs on the fort and on tho ships. The Congress liad been fighting gallantly all the while, but now, having had about 100 men killed, and being at tho -same timo so riddled with shot that she was ra- pidly sinking, was taken ia tow by the gun-boat Zouave, but the firing still continuing, she hoisted -the whito flag and surrendered. The Confederate .steamer Jamestown, then went alongside, and *ook' off the officers as prisoners, allowing the .amen to leave in their boats. Lieutenant Smith, -soo commanded the Congress, was killed, with a number of other officers and men. Only oQioera were mado prisoners." Tho appalling havoo committed among the . tcrew ot the Congress is thus described by Dr. Shippen, who was on board that VOSBCI during | tho aotion :-" Having finished with the Cum« | ?borland, this marino monster came back to us' She lay off Our port bow, forging slowly ahead, s_«sn backing, so as to keep her desired and se- ! leclcd position, and opened upon us an awful fire. Tfio first abell burst insido our ship, and killed I «every morl at gun Ko. 7. Sholl after Bboll, an 1 sometimes two at a time, burst among us. Tbo «trip was soon a mero slaughter-house. The sur -' «con began his work, and attempted an amputa ?ion ; a huge fragment of wood fell on the breast «of tho subjeot and crushed bim instantly, Opera fions were now out of tho question. The -wounded were in crowds, horribly cut up. The slightest wound noticed was a hand shot off. Wholo quarters -of tbo human frame wore torn away from some bodios-a hoad, a right »shoulder, and entire legs and arms from Others. The ship, too. was on Uro. The shells nad kindled her woodwork in several places. _fearly all the guns wero dismounted, the bulk lie&ds; blown to pieces -rammers and handspikes shivered-tho powder-boys all killed. The inside of the ship looked like tho inside of a burnt and stacked 'house. Everything was in fragments, black or red-burnt or bloody. The horrible «cene lasted for about half an hour. Wo then «track. 'A rebel tug sent a boat to us, and soon «esme alongside herself. Our great concern was for the wounded. Wo wore'told to como our \-- ... «a selves, and bring others aboard as prisoners. Wa begged for »littlo time, to get the wounded ona*, but wore told to 'hurry.' 'We can't hurry men badly hurt.' ' But you mutt ; I an going to burn the ship, and that -quick,' fcaid the officer in command; but ho was mu taken, he did not bum her. At this moment a i Indiana Regimont on shore opened a heavy fi-a on the tug from rifles and a howitzer. I & \ ; ono rebel officer fall under it. Tho tug founl it too hot for her, and ehe backed out. Wuorj sho went I did not seo. In the meantime on - own small boats and some from the OumberUn I ran alongside, and wo began getting r.il tb. t wounded ícto them, and pushed off for laud. I do not think one wounded man was left one-U^i beard. Twenly-soven oamo in tho small boats. Probably eighty were left dead on the docks an I in the cockpit. The ship was already on fire, a I before stated, and sho burned and bletv up duiin r the night." The Minnesota had in tho meantime got aground, and oould only contribute to the en- gagement at long range the contents of her t*j, bow guns. As darkness approached, the firin/ on both sidos ceased. IKON VERSUS IRON. That night of the 8th of Mareil, 1862, closod ai epoch in naval history. The reign of woo.I o t walls was over. Tho doom of all existing navio« had boen scaled. But tho curtain of cUrknest which had fallen upon one sceno in the blood/ drama was to rise in the morning, and disclose th i initial contest in a now system of naval warfare. The experiment of ¡ion v. wood was to bo rap'dlv succeeded by that of iron v. iron. The seoon 1 chapter in tho story is as interesting as the first. Brief was the triumph of the victorious Merri- mao; for, with the dawn of the following morning, an antagonist of her own class appeared oa tho scene. Lot her now look lo her gory laurels. Tho Monitor, it appears, hil been sent round $o engage cert du shors batteries in the occupation of the Cj.iKderatoi, und thus found herself unexpectedly confrantol ti i th her iron rival. The engagement was renewed on tho momia r of the 9th by the Merrimao, which mot od to ward i tho Btranded Minnesota, evidontly with the in- tention of infitoting upon her the fate of hoc consorte. The path of the Merrimac lay acrosi the bows of the Monitor, Whoso sudden aud strang iippearanco on the sceno appears to have at first; puzzled and surprised her. When within about * mile of each other, the duel was commenced by the Monitor firing a shot, which struck the side of the iron-hided monster, the Merrimao, at the samo timo slackening her speed. After exchanging their rough salutations for sorno timo- ra this distance, the Monitor began to rnov.i towards her antagonist, delivering her fire deli- berately and with precision ; the latter, six times the size of theMou'V, and with au armament equally out of proportion, awaiting her at rest. At a distance of less than a quarter of a mile, both vessels opened their torriblo batteries-the Merrimac, of course, firing muoh the oftenest, Still advancing towards each other, the two iron-olad combatants ere long seemed to touoh, and fought at close quarters, delivering thtir shots soemingly into the muzzles of each other's guns. But so far from being unequal to her ad- versary, the Monitor moved around her, planting her shots where she would. The contest was so hot that for a time tho amoke obsoured both tho Monitor and the Merrimac. As if realizing that tho had found at least her match, if not her superior, the Merrimac drew off toward Graney Island, the Monitor pursuing, planting her shot suth the same deliberation which had charac- terized her movements from the outset. After keeping up the pursuit for half an hour, the Monitor returned toward the Minnesota. As if having rested from the first round, and recovered from tho bewilderment resulting from, finding such a torriblo antagonist in so small a one, the Merrimao returned to the contest, and, as before, was met fearlessly by the Monitor. The Merrimao being now within range of the Minnesota, delivered several of her thuudoring broadaidos, and showers of solid shot went crash- ing against the side of the iron monster. The funboats also wont into the fight gallantly, 'hough the Monitor again sought close quarters, the Merrimao, having already Ead a tiste of that sort of thing, kept at a prudent distance For more than an hour tho battle was kept up with- out either side showing damage, when, at about eleven a.m., the Monitor retired beyond the Min- nesota, to allow her guns to cool. The oontest now raged between the Merrimao and Minnesota, and the gunboats. The terrible broadsides of tbe frigate, ehamed to the bottom, as it were, shook the earth, and the solid shot glanced in every direc- tion from the sides of the Merrimao. Having given her guns an hour to cool, tho Monitor re- turned to tho contest, and the Merrimao was apparently ready for bar, for sha did not retreat, but stood her ground, Nothing could exceed the accuracy of the firing on both Bides, After keeping up the oontest For half-an-hour at n range of half or three-quarters of a mile, tho Monitor bogan to advance on her antagonist, who awaited hor with apparent confidence. Dolivor.n ; her fire with deliberation and unorring precision, tho Monitor went straight ahead and at full speed for tho Merrimao, till the men on both boats, if they had not been hidden by the iron covering, I might have engaged in a hand- to-hand fight. I Kow followed one of the most remark- ' able and exoitihg soones ever witnessed in naval warfare. The vessels touched, aid delivering their broadsides simultaneously, the shot crashed upon the sides of both, either glancing off and falling into the water or crumbling into atoms. As if determined that the ccmbat should havo an end, the Monitor moved round the Merrimao at a distanoo of only a few yards, plunging her shotB into her sides. With wcll-direoted aim she planted one into her hull below her iron coating and below her water line, Threo gaping holes now appeared in her iron coating. Passing deliberately round the stern of the Merrimao, the Monitor aimed a shot at her screw, and several othors at vital points. The Merrimao now began to make off toward tho cove flanking. Graney Island ; and as it became ap- parent that she was disabled, ohoers wont up from the ramparts and the shore. The Monitor did not pursue, probably on account of the heat- ing of ber guns, or some other equally good reason. After lying for a short time near the shoro, the Merrimao slowly rounded out, and turned her prow toward the placo she WSB seen in tbo morning, where the other rebel boats were assembled, speotators of the fight. She wat lowed back to Norfolk. A correspondent of the New York Tribune, TI ho visited the Monitor after the engagement, says that " two shots of the enomy struck her on tbo odgo, above tho surface, and tore up a few inches of the dook plating, and penetrate t about half the diameter of the ball, affording a complete illustration of her impregnability. As the worst the enemy, with the most powerful guns afloat, could do, the fact settles all questions ' cn that point. Tho shots referred to aro as mere I Ecrntohos on a pugilist after his antagonist has dono his best for four hours to knook him down. On her tower, whore the Merrinmo's Bhot? struck square and with full force, there aro threä or four? indentations, r"i exceeding three inches in I T. ~- -~* - -'azed ¡a »vVéraï/pÙca,, 1 «hero shots struck and glanced off. The wheel- ] houso has several similar indentations,'though I not OB deep. Theso are all the marks tho MonitO' l bears as the roBult of the action. The officers an I ' men declaro that thoy are perfoolly willing t o toko her anywhere, for all that tho enemy's guns can do, no , matter with what skill they may bo scivod. The Merrimac undertook to run the Monitor down, and ran bows on, hpr prow pro- jecting over her deck. The shook that eui vii Cumberland and Congress down made an indenta- tion, soarcely perceptible, and produced no ex- traordinary effect, In this attitude the two ships exchanged shots, the mouths of thole guns being but a fow yards distant, and it was hero that the Morrimao was penetrated, though the Monitor was scarcely scratched. It was doubtloss the intention of the enemy to board her, and some of the Morrimao's men actually jumpod aboard of her. But there was no opening or place of entranao to bo found, , nor were there any mon to bo soon. At this moment the tower began to revolvo, and the I puits to open, and the men scampered back, and ' tho Morrimao drew off, probably confounded at I tho results of her hasty visit." Th¡B attempt of tho merrimac to repeat on the Monitor the 1 manouvre whioh was fatal to the Cumberland, ! appears to havo beon frustrated by the circum- stance that both ships were in motion in the same direction, so that tho blow was delivered with a i momentum produced only by the différence ot vclooity between their respective rates of motion. > Tho daring achiovoments of the Merrimac pro- . ducod tho utmost anxiety and alarm at Ne v ' York and the other Atlantic cities, whioh wit : scarcely moderated oven by the effectual cheo c , interposed by tho Ericsson vessel, It was fell that should Bho givo the Monitor the slip, an I steal along tho coast to Philadelphia or No r York, she could lay waste, without the possibilit/ of resistance. Tho ordinary land fortification i wcro useless to repol the invader, while whol i tquadrouB of wootton ships woro powerless 11 ¡elliot injury on her. This excitement hat awakoned great activity in the construction o' iron-clad steam vessels, Siox batteries largor than the original one of Mr, Ericsson aro to bo built at once, .and several millioa dollars lately voted lor coast fortification i aro to bo appropriated to iron insteal of'stono defences. The Now York Chamber o! Commerce has, it is alleged, resolved to apps ti to the publie to raise, by voluntary subsoriptioi, tbo sum of COO.OOOdol., to put the harbour in n proper state of defence,'by means of iron-cUl boats and batteries. Another offoot of the Föde- ral naval disasters has boen to direct their nttsu tion to the manufacturo of heavier artillery ; and a gun ia under consideration, invented by a Mr. Rodney, whioh, it is Baid, will be able to thro» balls varying from 800 to 2,500 lb. in weight, The object aimed at by this enormous ' ford) would be to Btovo in the entire side ot an iron i 'elad' vessel," and- it is thought (hat thus tho Black Prince, Warrior, or La Gloire would SOJI be destroyed. , EFJf?£CTS OP THE NAVAL DUBL IN ENGLAND. The alarm inspired by the Merrimao exploit! was not oonfinod to America. England at oaji felt that a question was opened pregnant wit't the most momentous consequenoes to her rain time interests and insular security. She suddenly fe und herself reduced to an equality with toi most insignificant of maritime poivers. Hi: grand ola fleets were worthless: her nant Block-in- trade, in which BO many millions steril i; have been invested, had gono out of fashion, dito had, at this late period of her caree', to begin the world de novo. Well, tu Government, the Parliament, the press, and 111 public at largo, have with a cordial and energs'/i i unanimity set themselves to the task thus ¡u posed upon them. On one of the closing dayl i! March, just after the arrival ot the Anuri ni naval news, SirF. Smith appealed to Gove.'i mont to suspend the construotion of some of ta > costly stone forts at Spitkoad until tho value ii iron-roofed gunboats for the defence of our po:ii and roadsteads should have been fully considere I ; it hile other members urged that the vast sum being spent on these land défonces would o i worse than wasted. The point was adro'tl/ evaded by Sir G. Lewis, and an atom.i; was made to frighten tho House aud tfi i country from the proposed revolutionary chan¿ > in our naval defences, by tho bugbear of t supplementary estimate for the purpose o' £10,000,000to£15,000,000. EarlHardwlcko, .1, the same time, in the House of Lords, refleotel strongly on the niggardliness of the country i i providing for its own defences, mid said that hi thought " the time was como when we could n i longer nibble at the question, but must open ox: jaws and swallow the expenso of reconstructs 1, whatever it might be." Theattompt of Miuiatiri to undervalue tho impressive lessons taught us s / the battle of Hampton Roads, was badly receive 1. Publia opinion declared itself in accents of unmii takable decision on the subject ; and on the G. i of April a ftefh debate was initiated ia the Hou 11 of Commons by Mr. Osborne, who moved a res >. lution to the effect, " That it is expedient 11 r-uspend the construction of the proposed forts i. Spithead until the value of iron roofed gunbbi i for the defence of our ports and roadsteads ah ti have been fully considered." This resolutio t, anda rider proposed by Mr. Bentinck, "tht' this House will, on an early day, reaolvo itae ! ir.to a committee for the purposo of empower- ing the Government to apply any portion of tit i moneys whioh shall have boen voted for thi construction of forts, to the construotion of iro i sheathed vessels, or to the conversion of woods t vessels into iron-sheathed vessels"-tvero bott carried, the former u ¡ti out opposition, and titi latter by a majority of seventy-four to thirtee i votes. To the general satisfaction of the country, Government bowed to the mandate of the people i representatives, and announced that the wor'c I at Spithead Bhould ha suspended. Some of t'u more important of these defences were to consist cf three detaohed forts, plaoed in the very midst of the sea-way, several miles from land, and in- tended to guard the approaches to the port and arsenal. I passed close to the sites of two of these contemplated strongholds about a week ego, and saw no signs, of progress. The mys- terious-looking scaffoldings rising out of the wavoi appear for tho present to be abandoned to tho sea- gulls, and, if Mr. Bright could hara bis will, would probably bo henceforth known to the curious as " Palmeraton's Folly." Whä> ther all these iron forts, however, will be aban- doned, after having sunk immense sums in laying tbo subaqueous foundations, is uncertain. Thora ¡B powerful pleading cn both sides, and the dis- puto -will probably bo settled by a compromise. The less defensible parts of the great fortifica- tion scheme, towards the eost of which nearly twelve millions were voted two years ago, will no doubt be dropped, and the remainder prose- cuted with vigour as soon as the present agitatioi has subsided. In the meantime, the construction of wooden, vessels is to be given up. Oak is supersede 1 by iron. A total transposition of labour will take place at once. Large numbers of ship- wrights, employed even on small vessels, will bo turned over to iron-plated fabrics, and but little of the old description of naval work will be peiformed at all, A oontraot for the construotion of a model Iron-sides, with cupolas on the principle invented by Captain Coles, has been entered into with one of tho more eminent ship-building firms; and several of our noblest three-deckors, as the Boyal Sovereign, the Duke of Wellington, and Victoria, have boon removed to Portsmouth, to be out down and con- verted into twelve-gun shield-ships. No time han been lost in oarrying out the instructions of. tho authorities, for 1 have the witness of my owa eyes that two of the above were ten days ago dis- masted and out down to the middle deck prepara- tory, to receiving their iron investiture. At Chatham, the Boyal Oak and the Bulwark are to be similarly converted into armour-plated frigates. These are but examples of the vigdaneo and energy of the Admiralty in meeting the exi- gencies of tho publio sorvice at this extraordinary cr¡!ÍB_m our maritime history. Evon the Warrior and its companion shipi-roally the only navy, pretending to anything like"efficiency whioh wa at present possess-are far from affording satis- faction to competent judges; and Captain Halst J1 goes so far as to declare thal the former is gool for nothing at all, inasmuch as it is vulnera')' i fore and aft. Tho iron mail, it appears, et ? tends only to the sides ; and it is contendí 1 thntj if the metal plates wero to cover ¡ti surface completely, the adaitioa to its wei*'o.t would be such as to deprive the vessel of ill sailing qualitioo. It would como down, like th) Merrimac, to the water's level, and becomo i mere shoro defence, instead of a ship of war li, for foreign servios. In reply to the objectors, i, is said that the Warrior is provided fore and at; with waterproof compartments, so that, if piero? I with a shot in theso vulnerable parts, the resul, would only bo to sink the vossel two feet tv) inchos lower in the water. Another subject o' oon'roversy regards the relative advantages oí straight or sloping armour. The latter plan w 11 I adopted in tho oaso of tho Merrimac, but it ti I contended that no reason has been shown ti; distrusting the opposite principle, hitherto re , cognised by our Admiralty. Tho Dnke of Somerset lately explained, ia i luoicj speeoh, the action and ¡u'entions of tin Government. Sinoo the Palmerston Adaiiaist; i tion'came into power, our iron- eased fleet hu been increasedirom one to ten, of which five wiU be on the sea in the course of the summer. C i|> tain|Coles'B cupola ship has, for thopreaeut, ban adopted as the best form of vessel for the protoo tion of our coasts. Our wooden ships aretobi rapidly utilized. The First Loid said:-"W) have five frames of line-of-battlo ships, an 1 seven frames of frigates, whioh could easily bo adapted ; and tvo have also eight largo corvette i which could bo adapted to carry at least som) guns' protected by ¡ron plates. With regard to our vessels generally, wo could cut dova twenty line of-Wtle ships, and adapt them to coast sorvioo; and as they have their machinery on board, it would be at a aw iaratively_ small cost that they would be pro 5'uoçd. Win!« ¿ihg that, we Rhould «till have a powerful fleet of morn tbin Forty ships lo opposi i any^wooden fleet that we might have to engage. I Therefore, if tho nations of the world wish to uavi irontships and to fight with ¡ron, we are as well prepared as anybody." Thesoimportant chango i V.111 not be lost upon tho Australian colonies. The task of protoot'rag the harbours and ap- proaches of your colonial capitals is likely to bo greatly sllnplilkd, and the cost of defonooi much economised. Your Governments will find it to their interest to construct two or three Monitors, to keep watch and ward at the en- trances to your chief harbours. These would beabb to give a good aecount of any suspicious look- ing marino visitor, which, in unsettled time), might make himself more free than welcome, tit tier from California or from New Caledonia. All the Europoan Governments are alive to the 'magnitude and significance of the change initiated by the encounter between the Ameri- can naval belligerents. France has resolved not to be outstripped in the raoo for maritime supre- macy. In Austria, the subjeot excites profound attention, and the Government, by a majority ot twenty-one votes to nineteen, at a fall sitting of the Committeo of Finance, carried the naval budget. 7,200,00011. are to bo appropriated for the construction of armour-plated frigates, and ' tho transformation of two sailing frigate! : into screw steamers. The Prussian Govern- ment has decided upon the construction , of two frigates ,with iron armour, and other , war steamers of an inferior class. < It is propose! lo ask for 12,000,000 of thalers for this purpose. The Danish Diot has voted a million of rix dollnrs for similar purposes ; and there is an energetic movement in Stvedoninfavourof naval | armaments. Russia and Italy will not be behind , in the work. IMPORTANT EXrERIM-NTS AT BnOEBTJBÏNESS. The question, happily, has, during the month, passed into a second phase as interesting as tho I first. Tho lesson taught so emphatically by tha ; contest in ilanipton Roads was, that the BC'IOQOJ 1 of defenoe had signally triumphed over tha Boionce of altaok. A Merrimac or a Monitor 1 could go anywhere without fear of damage, and i accomplish any amount of misohiof with impunity. I fiuoh was tho earlioBt impression, which led to ! eomothing like consternation in England, and ungenerous jubilation on the part of some foroigu i powers. Soareely had a fortnight elapsed, how i ever, before tho tables were completely turned. Tho theory of the absolute invulnerability of t mailed ships received a rude shock. The artille i rists are again in the asoondant. This reversal ' of the public judgement was effected by means I of a series of remarkable experimenta conducto 1 I by Sir William Armstrong on the 8th instant, at I Shooburyness. He has clearly proved that ships' i guns can be made more powerful than shipar Imcur-that the power ot attack ¡a greater than. the potter of resistance. On the occasion referred to, Sir Wrn.'Ariintroag produced a gun which Bent its shot right throujbi the most impregnable target yet O9nstruo(ed-a target, in fact, presenting an exact reproduotioa of the side of the Warrior. The length of this : formidable weapon is fourtcon feet, its weight ' twelve touB, ita diameter at the muzzle tea and a half inohes. At present ttisa smooth boro, tin shots whioh it discharged in the recent expsri roents being solid _ and spherical, each weighiu ; loGlb. ; but when it is rifled it will carry, in oon F-equenoo of the elongation of the missilo, a bill of 3001b. The effects woro terrific. The firs'; discharge, at a distance of 200 yards, " shatter« I the iron plating of the target into littlt ' crumbs of metal, splintering the teak into fibro i , literally as small as pins, and, though not quit s j psssing through the side, yot boeing and rondin r the inner Bkin in a way that would have rondore I tho stoppage of such a hole impossible." Tait i was with a 401b. charge of powder. The seeou t bhot, with a similar ohargo of powder, enlargo I the breach so much that no ship with suoh i fraoture in her side anywhere near the nator lia i could romain afloat for halt an hour. The iro i plating was smashed " into minute fragments lik > ¡ glass ; thu teak wau so utterly disintegrated, tha'. , it resembled tangles of fine twine more than th < I remains of wood-work ; and the inner skinwn , ripped into gaps like torn paper." Still the sho i ; had not gono completoly through the targot. \ I large jagged hole, which would bave defied all at- tempts to repair it, had been made ; but on th i third occasion, the chargo of powder was incroass I from forty to fifty pounds, and tho shot not onl r passed, in an untouched part of the target, through the armour-plating, teak, and wrought ii on skin, " but buried itself in the massiv i ! timbers that support the target, and even loosen o I j the blocks of granite by whioh the wholo it backod up." It is supposed that had the sho; I been fired at the Warrior, it would have passei | in at one side of her and ont through the other. ! These astounding effects were produced, it must bo remarked, not by the weight of the projectile, ! but by the quantity of powder. Herein lies the gist , of the wholo matter. Sir W. Armstrong, in a letter i io The Time», enunciates it aB a deduction from bia calculations and experiments that " the battering effect at close quarters is pretty nearly propor- tionate to the charts of powder used, and vory little ¡B either gained or lost by rifiiug the gun or incroosinf» the weight of the projectile." If this principle is carried out, monster guns, capable of bearing enormous charges of powder, and hurling ñOO-pounders, and even 1,000-pouuders, will soon be the order of the day. The limit to armour plating on sea-going vessels will probably be found long before a limit will bo discovered to tho de- structive powor of artillery. It is to bo hoped that the game will at length become too droadful to bo played at. Subsequently to the above experiments, other trials have been made with the name piece of crdnanoo to prove its power. During the oourse of these it has been tried with a fifty-pound charge of powder against a target of three five inch plates of wrought iron bolted togothor-a mass of wrought-iron, in all, fifteen inohes thick-or, as nearly as possible, four times the thickness of the Warrior's plates. Two or three shots were fired against this, and each broke all three plates, orushing the first, ripping and split- ting the second, and ripping the third in suoh a way as to Bbow that oven fifteen inches of inotal a\ as an insufficient protection against ordnance of this description at closo ranges. The result oE the recent experiments at Suoebury ness has not disheartened the iron-founders, and a plate of rolled iron has been produced at the Atlas Steel Works, Sheffield, which the manufacturer is confident will resist all the artillery that can ho brought against it. The plate is six and a half inches thick. It is also stated that the Iron ElVe Committee find that ¡ron plates, stoam ammered and then rolled, will resist any shot, even Sir W. Armstrong's 300 pounder. 74UMTARY MOVEMENTS IN AMERICA. The news of the past month has reported an almost unbroken series of successes for tba Federal armB. Several alleged triumphs, it is truo, have turned out to bo false or premature ; yet, after making every allowance for lying tele- grams and exaggerated mmours, there is no doubt that everywhere, from seaboard and from, river bank, from east and from west, the invaders of Secesaia aro victorious. The Confederate naval exploits at Newport News fell upon tho Northern cities like a thunderbolt ; the Federals were confounded by the daring and audacity of the enemy ; but the consternation speedily passed away, and WSB supplanted by onthusiasm, and pride in the little Monitor, which, with two stones in his sling, had met and worsted th.) naval Goliath of the Confederates. A great deal of annoyance, too, was felt, both by the Government and the people, at the masterly retreat of th) Southern army from Manassas. Only a day o." two- before, the " Young Napoleon" had issue! au address to the army of the Potomac, in whic'i he declared ho was about to bring it face to faoi with the enemy, in order to give " a death-blo v to the rebellion." The whole oountry hBd beoo. waiting for eight weary months for a great vic- tory which was to wipe out the disgrace of ti» Bull Bun disaster, and electrify the world. Well, the hour so long promised and impatiently waite! for, at length arrived ; the order for an ad vano 3 of tho all-conquering ltgions was issued frota the white house; and in all " the pom?, pride, aud oircumstanco of glorious war," tho army crossod the Potomac. But to the as- tonishment of generals and men the antici- pated prey was gone. They wore thus choato I of their victory, the cities of their illuminatioas, and the Northern peoplo of a source of jubila- tion. Tho army went forth on Monday, tho lOi'i <il March, a splendid host, in fine condition aril high spirits. In a few days it was returning from Manassas, disappointed, dejeoted, demoralized, and disorganized-a mero rabble. Mud was tho only enemy enoountored by tho Federal horoes, but mud and _ disappointment did it all. Tho Confederates, it appears, had retired far Boan elajs before their enemy know anything whatever about their movements, desolating the country as they retreated. So utter had been the dostrus tion of all provisions and forage, that pursuit was impossible, and General .M'Clellan was com- pelled to send a considerable part of his oavalry and artillery back to Washington at once, in order 'to obtain food for the horses, An " occasional coi rospondont" of The Tima, apparently a British j officer, intimates that there is reason to be licvo that the intended advance of M'Clellan had been traitorously communicated to the Con- federate commanders at Centreville. The move- ment had boon decided on at a oounoil of wa; held on Friday, the 7th of Marou, and itnmo diately after the breaking up of* the Council the retreat of the Confederates commenced; aal it is the opinion of the writer that thoy wera made acquainted with tho time of the savana) hy somebody who attended the council of war. Tho feeling of irritation against General M'Clel- lan W8B very Btrong. Some of the New York papers hurled against him tho most tremendotu invectives, aud Government was evidently greatly cxesporated with MB negligence in allow- ing the enemy, who had so long kept the capiul in perturbation and partial Biege, to steal away unpercelved and unpunished. Ho bad booa " master of the situation," with all advantages al his command, and accordingly his failure n&tu; ? rall* rilfirl tim fire-eaters', H nui exaotlv a rj; i verso for tho North, it was certainly a ^humilia f tion to their military prido ; while the eyaouatioa of a position no longer tenable or necessary wai 1 - confessedly a triumph of strategy on the part of I the Confederates, The disapprobation of tba Cabinet «as signified by the issue of an ordor oa Tuesday, the 11th, relieving M'Clellan fiomt'u command of the entire army, and reatriotii!; him to Iho oorps of the Potomac. Twp othor orders appeared at the same lime. By ono, tho army of the Potomac wes divided into live oorpi ; while tho other provides that General ILilleolc have command of the f orcesoporating in tho newly constituted department of the Mississippi, an I forms out of the country west of the Departmentof the Potomac, and east of tho department of tin M iesissippi, a now military division, to bo called tho Mountain Department, whioh is placed under tha command of General Fremont, Whilst tho latter appointment has conciliated a portion of tha Abolitionists, it has excited great indignation ia other quarters. A Washington correspondent ot the New Yorl Times says that General Roson cranz has resigned, in consequence of his deter- mination not to serve under Fremont. As tho result of tho retreat from Manassas, Winchester, and several othor posts of some importance, foil ¡ intb the possession of tho Fedomla, and tho aban- donment of the Confederate batterios on tin banks of tho Lower Potomac loft the navigation and commerce of tho river freo to Washington Tho blookado was raised, and the capital wti rolieved from the apprehension of starvation, To the unmistakable mortification of tha Federalists and the amusement of the world, tin far-famed fortilloations of Centreville proved, ox examination, to be a moekery and pretence. Tho Northerners were thus humbuggod a second titno. " There was fird," says a competent judgo, " \ tolerably well-built nflo ditch in zigzag, over which you might, however, havo galloppsd you horse without much troublo, for it was all sand, and nowhcro covered with sod, or made inacoät Eiblo by palisades or rails. On tho heights wore somo redoubts of the samo flimsy material, bul; built still worse than tho rifle ditch. Tho sides of tho otnbrasures wore lined with hurdlo», for without them the sand would have crumble 1 off] without any help from Union bu'lj:;, Thj ditches round thesrj ' fort* ' \vèro' bhallow, anl not wido, arid Ï actually rodo across one, and up tbo bmbrasuro, tho sand orumblini; down under the hoofs ol my horse. Seeing in one fort guns in the embrasures, I was curious to seo , whether they were Bpiked, and rodo up to them. The/ proved to bo no guns at all. but only dummies - timber, on the end of whioh a black hole WAS painted." A mile or two in the rear 0& Centra - ville, tho oountry was fonnd strewed with deal horses, several hundreds in number. ' . The evacuation of Manassas, we aro assurai by the flichmond JEsar/ifacr, was not caused by \- the pressure of the Federal army, but took plats purely from strategio reasons., President Davis hal in his message announced the policy of gradually ' contracting the area of hostilities. A new Hue of, defence has been organised, extending, it is sup- posed, from Fredonoksburg to Gordonville ; at uII events, there is no doubt that somewhere orz the Uno of the Bappahannook the main body o f the Southern array will be found, where they well attempt to bar the advance of the invadors upon Biobmond, lu the meantime, ihe new plan oC the Federal campaign in Virginia is being de- veloped, A great part of General M'Olellan's »rmy has boen sent down_ the Potomao ti Fortress Monroe, whero, besides tho forces of General Wool, who has long held possession there, not fewer than 85,000 men have been collected, ready to march upon tho Southern capital. Everything points to the probability of a. great battle ia this part of the country very shortly ; unless, indeed, whioh ia scarcely likely, the Confederates resolve ort abandoning Richmond to its fate. Such a flight« however, added to the incessant retreats of tha lnat two months, would be a fatal blow to that -prestige of their cause. The main forco of tha Confederates is in Virginia ; the army is large, and better armed and equipped than any other portion of the Southern levies. President Davis-, it is believed, commands in person, aud he well knows that on the success of his defence of " the Old Dominion" depends in great measure the fate of tbo Confederacy. Wo may theroforo look: for a struggle at this point, which for desperation and interest has not been witnessed during tha war. During the transport of tho Federal troops from Alexandria to the neighbour- hood of Fortress Monroe, great fears have been onterlaiuud lest the Merrimao and her i-ibter furies ehould dash in among the flotilla and sink tho ships, whioh they coulei oasUV do. Mr. Bussell has accompanied M'Clellan'.! nrmy to Fortress Monroe-a privilege not as corded to the representatives of Amerioan news- papers, for I see it announced thal any corre- spondent who venturos within tbe Fedoral lino« t-ubjects himself to arrest and imprisonment. One of the late victories that has glaildonel the heart of the North has been that gain J 1 under Oonoral Shields at Winchester. T1»-» general, a native of tho north of Ireland, wh> acquired distinction in tho Moxio.ui war, hit been but recently appointed to a command, 11 succession to tho lute General Landor. He hld scarcely takon the field when líe met and de- feated a wing of the rotreating army of Manassas, under General Jackson, After the retreat oc the Confederates, General Banks had been ordere! to cross the Alleghanies, and to oeoupy th.» position which the army of the Potomao had juc vacated. But it appears that as Boon as Bank i, with the bulk of his division, left Winchester, th» CoDfederato General Jackson, who had just r i tired from that city, thought to regain possession of it, The Confederate troops accordingly ad- vanced upon Winchester; but instead of undia; that city deserted, as they expected, thoy enooua - tered General Shields, with several thousand met, who had been placed in ambush in the neigh- bourhood. They suddenly and unexpectedly attacked Jackson, and drovo his division, wit t great slaughter, down upon Strasburg. Hoarla¿ of the collision, Banks returned,and resumed th) command. Later accounts represent the Coa federates as having rallied five miles boyoai Strasburg, to offer battle to the oombinol forces of Generals Shields and Banki. The rebel losses aro represented as enor- mous. It appears to have been a ve,-/ heavy skirmish on an extended and protraotol scale, rather than a general action, inasmuch .i i it lasted oight or nine hours. The Confederate* lied in groat confusion after dark, pursued b/ Shields's eavalry, throwing away their muskets, of which more than 1,000 havo been found, an 1 leaving two guns and several hundred prisoners i i the hands of the enemy. In the Far West a desperate battle has boon fought at a place called Pea Ridge, which ¡B snp Îosed to have wrested Arkansas from the South. t is said to have been oneof the bloodiest conter, i of the war, and with the exception of the employ- ment by the Confederates of a large body of Bcalping and tomahawking Indians, under tri i command of Colonel tike, was oreditabi* to the bravery of both sides. The im- policy of accepting the aid of such blood- thirsty savages has been severely commontel upon by tho Northern press. The ConfedoMlii numbered 25,000 men, under the command of several of tho best loaders of the Wes'. Gonor ii Prioe, whon driven from Springfield, in Missouri, retreated into Arkansas, where he was roinforco Í by the * forées under Generals M'OuUoo'i, Mcintosh, and Van Dorn. The combined arm/ was placed under the supreme command of th » latter, who, confiding in their superior atrengt'i, attempted to surround and crush the Federal army. After a three days' fight, in which bot'i belligerents engaged with spirit and determina- tion, the "rebels" were routed, and fled tothi mountains. General Sigol, whoso rapidity of movement is so well known, was reported to bo in close pursuit, and will probably capture or scatter tho disorganised remnant of the Souther i army. Tho famous General M'Culloch, whoso «death has so often been reported, i» , said to have been -' really slain at Un. This viotory, secures Missouri from future dn ger, opens the woy through Arkansas and Tot it to the Gulf of Mexico, and materially facilitais» the movements of troops down the Mississipi. ' Another of those inexplicable surrender« whioh havo of late dishonoured the Southon [ arms has taken place at Now Madrid, a riva.- { city of Missouri. Taking advantage of a violai'. ! thunderstorm in the night, the army fiod, leav- [ ine all thoir heavy artillery, tents, waggons, ai 1 f military stores for 12,000 mon, in the nanda of j General Pope. The officers did not even tak i j their own baggage. It was a rush for dear lit* { sud liberty. It is behoved that they foared % i t attack iu the morning, and a subsoquoaS ] capturo. This cowardly movement planet { General Pope upon the river, between j Memphis and Island Ho. 10, in such a position j that nothing from ono to the other can pass liU . big guns. Tho fugitive Confederates aro supposa 1 ! to havo made a stand at Randolph, about sixty i seven miles from Memphis, which ia a Btroai } natural position, and where thoy have bomb- ! proof and oasemated batteries. Here, it is ox- « 'noted, there will be fighting. I Island No. 10, in the Mississippi, has been ooi- f -verted during the past month into a conto I cî interest and anxiety. The ¡eland hat ' tocen very strongly fortified by the Goa federates, mounting eighty guns, while abai/ of 20,000 troops aro onoampod on the mau Jrind m tho rear, completely out of range o' tbe Federal artillery. For about a month it opposed a stubborn resistance to the Federals, -n ho laid regular siego to it by land and water. A fortnight ago it was reported, and believed i i JSew York, that it hod been captured, (with all if B stores, ammunition, and men ; but Commod JI-J I?ooto, tho Federal naval commander, wroto t» Washington to say, in Non England parlauod, th.it. although he ûndB it "avery hard nutt» i crack," he expects to crack it " in short metre." Although bravely holding out, it is so strongly b J I Knguered and incessantly attacked as to mako , its destruction or surrender a matter of certainty, i unless relieved by a Merrimac It will, no oou.be, .jo, ove anothor Fort Donelson affair ; and tin r SuWvhçrnots, between Foote's mortar-boats aal 1 j 3?upe's ûeUl-guns, will bo trapped, like boavew. j S .ich »'success achieved, the resistance of Morn 1 puis will speedily be overcome, and thus the WA/ VI ill be opened to New Orléans, i Bincc writing the above, intelligence has ar jived of the surrender of the island. Tin Federals are said to have taken 100 seige guns, , C 000 prisoners, and an immense quantity of war onatêrxd. Thore is nothing now to prevent the ' Federal flotilla descending ino river to Memphis, ' c,nd oven Now Orleans. I An attack upon that important Southern oit/ Las boon promised us for a month past. An 0£ iitdition, under Butler, has been for soma timo ia preparation at Ship Island, intended to force ¡ti ?w »y up the " Father of Waters " to New Orleart i, stud to operate in conjunction with Porter'« Lcavy mortar fleet in an assault upon ti) placo. Tho attack is expeoted to be mil i simultaneously from tho river and from La'ci PoDtchartrain. In some quarters, whore the wii i i«. lather to the thought, a speedy surrender ai 1 Federal occupation are anlioipated;but'.TheTinn correspondent, from the information whlo i i caches him, is inclined to think that thi " Crcsoent City" will not fall without a deBparv, i fclruggle, and is more likely to be the Sebasto oil of the war than Richmond or Corinth, or a ty other of tbe places where the Confedéralo gem rnls are reported to be making a stand. "Ti, j .Confederates are perfeotly aware of the stn tegical as well as the commercial and politic el value of New Orleans, and they have hil netrly twelve months to organize its defenon loy land and water. Publie rumour assorts tim no resources of nature or art have boen neglooto 1 to render it as impregnable as- modern seieio i eau make it. The river Is said to be fullero? engines of destruction than of fish, and tho lan I defences between Pontehartrain and the city, i distance of six miles of swamp and junglo, ar, described as being far moro formidable tina ar y thing ever yet constructed on tho Amerioia icutinent." The expedition to tho oastern coast, undir G> rteral Burnside, is slowly gaining upon SPOOOSU, '»i a seizing one post after another. P~' al sua oceses were r^ted last) -monthi ^ f&Vi; .DOW to ehroniole others of equal importmoa, Uewbern, on the Hiver Nouso, valuable boonu j connected with the notwork of railways, hu Leon wrested from the grasp of the Confederates. After a fatiguing march, the Federal t;oopj tjtr foïASuSÎ *"»* ¿bvomèntsreïrovo their Siles - i \ l0r£fl?,d IT«««»», extending for nuies. -na captured all their camps, stores, »al tknnon. In some eases the Northern soldier* marched up to. the mouths of the guns, and took them at the point of the bayonet. This could only be done at the» BacriQoe of life, so that the Federal lou in the «ocfliot was larger than that of. tho enemy, wa» were protected by their Intrenchments ; still the , victory was completo and decisivo. The Con- | federates, estimated at 10.0CO, üed, and left everything. Having takon tho strong works a*. [ Newborn, General Burnside immediately da Soatohod an oxpediticn to ' Beaufort, a North I arolinian seaport, which on ita arrival found r the town evacuated. The tropps which were in the place retreated to Fort Maroon, whioh is j isolated, and had, it was said, only a week's sup- plies. This is a strong fort, and one of i tbo principal arsenals of the United Staten, i and was capable of rosiating almost any naval ; force that cculd be brought against it ; but. 1 taken ¡n tho rear by tho advanciDg army of General Burnside, it must tpeodily share Iho fat J of Boaufort. It was originally reported that it t ; garrison did not stop to capitulate, lout blow up the fort, and destroyed nil its stores and amma- . nition. It waa also rlïïrmed, ou télégraphe, ' authority, that tho famous Nashville, so familiar . to the people at Southampton, wbich^hadtakaa , refuge under the guns of tho fort, after its auo- i cesaful run across the Atlantic in February, h\<l ' been set on taro, to prevent it fulling into tai , hands of the Federals. Bo.h statements, ho »- , ever, proved untrue, for tho fort romains in tha , possession of its dofondei*, while tho spirits I Nashville ran the gauntlet of two blockading ships, and effected her escapo-whereat th i , Northern papers are franlio, aud would have th i ' head of Mr. Secretary Welles, if it wore in their , power. It appears that there-aro tkreo channell , to guard, and only two slow vessels were thero t s perform the duty. Captain Pegram was aooord ingly too much for them. He is reported to hav , I since assumed the command of the Merrimac , From other regions the news is of the sam > , sombro complexion for tho Confederate cansa ' The Federals, under Garflold,aro roported to hav -. gained o viotory over 5,000 Confederates at Pouu. I j Gap, in Eastern Kentucky. At St. Augustine, ¡ Florida, Fort Marion has surrendered withour. bloodshed to Flag-Offloor Dupont's squ&droa; Union City has been captured by a portion of tho ami} of tho West, and tho garrison of Fort Pulaski is cut off from all communication with Savannah. Two batteries had been erected ou two l'slnnils, eight miles from Savannah, which command tho river, and which Commodore Tat- ¡ cali, with his gunboats, had unsuccessfully at- | tempted to pass". Bavannah is also said to b3 . threatened. j As a curiouB sot-off to this chapter of Cou- I federate reverses, I may mention that a body of j SeoeBsion cavalry contrived to capturo a railway train containing Federal officers, on tho Louis- ville and Nashville Railway. On tho 25th of March General M'Dowell reviewed his cor»» d'armCt, consisting of upwards ol 30,000 infantry, 62 guns, and a .few squadrons of cavalry, ia the neighbourhood of Alexandria, previous to their embarkation. 'Sovcral British officer J were present, whose opinion, on the whole, ' was exceedingly favourable. Whilst tbo rigours of the military régime are being relaxed in some particulars, thoy aro being inten- sified in others. The necessity for proouring passports has been abolished, but the laws re- specting the transmission of telographio intelli- gence, and the publication of correspondence or criticisms relating to the war in tho publia journals, have beon increased in sovonty. Au order, it is enid, has been issued to prevent soldiers writing home to their friends. Fort Iii - fayotte has opened its portals to sonio of its oap . tlvcs, but the new Secretary of War has created quite a new sensation by suspending no loss than three not\»pnpers - one in Boston and twj in New York. Ono of the latter is tlis Journal of Commerce, a great oommeroial autho- rity., Mr, Wendell Phillips, the abolitionist lec- turer, has been hiBsed, yelled at, and pelted with rotten cggB, at Cincinnati. Ile narrowly escapad being tai red and feathered. So much for anti slavery sontiment in tho North ! The Senate, however, has passed tho bill for the abolition of slavery in the district of Columbia by twenty-nia? against fourteen votes, A compensation, ave- raging 300Jol. for each slave, is to be paid to the slaveowners. AU the border Stato mem- bers voted against the bill. lOO.OOOdol. an appropriated to aid the voluntary emigra- tion of the slaves to Hayti and Liberia. Recruit- ing for the Federal army is to cease. The Uousa of Representatives has been employed chiefly ia discussing the clauses of Mr. Chase's National Tax Bill-a bill certainly the most comprehensivo, exhaustive, and searching over conceived. A1 The Times says, " It not only contains every ta¿ that does anywhere exist, but it revives every tax thatovorhas existed,and it invents taxes that never wore beforo imagined," It is a real curi- osity of financial ingenuity, but will bo sadly marred and curtailed of its fair proportions ia pnBs'ing the Chamber. If adopted, its provisions are never expected to como into effioient'opera f tion. THE BATTLE OP PITTSBUHa, According to lateBt adviceB, down to the 12th inst.', the death struggle had begun in torrible earnest. Both from west and east thero is ex- citing news ; but it is to the great and sanguinary battle near Corinth, where the two principal nrrrles of tho West have met in deadly coLlliot, under Generals Beauregard and Buull, that attention has been most power- fully attracted. Tho Southern General, who had^ concentrated somo 00,000 men near Corinth (at the junction of the Memphis and Charleston Ballway and the Mobile and Ohio Railway), on the Tennessee river, advanood to attack General Grant iu his camp at Pitts- burg before the arrival of expected reinforce- ments. This was on Sunday, the 6th, All that day, tho battle raged between the unequal armies. The Federals were by their own ad- mission thoroughly defeated, and two thirds of .their camp captured. On the following day, General Buell carno opportunely to their relief, and with his artillery and gun- boats drove back the Confederates, and obliged them eventually, though in good order, to retire to their sLronghold. The Northerners claim a victory, and aro about to celebrate it by o, day of thanksgiving ; but, so far as présent ir-foimation goes, it has all tho appearance of a drawn battle. According to first accounts, the carnage was appalling, 65,000 being mentioned as the number on both sides killed, wound od, and miBBing. This, however, was a gross exag- geration. The Federal loss has shrunk down to 7,000. Both armies are terribly shattered, But a crisis of equal, if not of more momentous, ii tciest has arrived in the East : the army of the Potomao, under the personal command of M'Olol Isn, amounting to 100,000 men, had bcon safely Innded at Fortress Monroe. Heinlzleman, in command of the advanced guard, has proceeded about twenty^eight milos towards Btchmoad, Tho scone of operations ¡B along the tongue of lund which terminates nt Fortress Mooroo, and is washed on the north by the York uiver, and on the south by the James Uiver. At prcsont the advance of tho Federalists has been arrested a; Yorktown, the verjr spot where, on October 19, 1781, Lord Cornwallis capitulated to tho America a rebels. Hero General M'Qruder is posted with 32,000 mon, and it is obvious that if these mo.i ' are amply supplied with provisions, and ato well prcrteoteel by entrenchments and natural obstacles, I they may seriously retard the advance of tho Federal army. The delay of eight ortonwoaks is of tho utmost importanco to the Confederates ; for the peculiar character of the climato, uni particularly the excessive heat, almost provenís t)ie possibility of military operations after the * beginning of Juno. The probability, theieforo, is, that every means will bo taken to put off to tho very latest period the arrival of the Fcder.il troops before Riokmond, in the hupe that ovou if in the American Borodino which must Boon bj fought in the neighbourhood of that city tha Federalists succeed, the time of their success may bo BO late m tho year that any fur- ther advance into tho south shall be ren- dered practically impossible. A private letter reeieived in Liverpool reports a disaster lo M'Clol lan's troops, but no reliance is placed upon it. It is, howevor, admitted on all hands that his posi l tion is a perilous one. A despatch of tho Ufa reports that the Morrimao and Yoiktovm ad- vanced out of the harbour and captured Uooc three small craft. The Monitor and Stevoas'j battery (vero lying in wait for her. The la-.ta: fixed four shotB at the Merrimac, to which ah j only rephod with one eliot, and then stool j 1 back to Craney Island. Just as Mr. Bussell, of The Times, teas on tha point of starting with M'Olellau, having obtaiao 1 the full sanotion of the authorities, he was per- emptorily ordered by Mr, Stanton to disembark. He is on his way homo. A full account »ill b3 found in The Times of tho 24th. EUROPEAN NOTABILIA. , , I TJÇhe condition and prospeots of Italy aro j dît J now the most commanding continental question, j Brigandage, in frightful proportions, is being or- ganized and lot loose upon the Southern pro- j vinces. The most horrible details of hellish | atrocity, perpetrated by the base myrmidons of ! the Pope and the ex-King of Naples, aro fur- I nished from time to timo, and yet, we ara i asBirod, the half is not told. Frcjih ¡bands of ¡ bloody miscreants are every few days sont forth j on their minion of rapiño, plunder, and murder, ; and thousands of monsters-the offf^Tlnj,8' ot gads 'and bagnios-are ntill h»^g c'qlupp(ia at ' Äom0 amÍ at ^ne?tet t? ioilow up their savaje work. The chrome fi(ftte o£ terror ami nnarohy in which the soul*-^ districts of tho kingdom r- art keptbv *wûes0 reactionary onolaughts, is bî Ç irtapln* thoroughly to exasperate tho Italian [ people, and deep and angry mutter'mgs of dls 1/ content are »rising in all quarters. Tae f triumphal progress pf Garibaldi, too, through most \ of the cities of Italic, haB evoked such a dangerom r aausGUnt 2Ï çathusiasm, thai «, nas beenfound I necessary to put ft check upon h;- movement!. Ho was to i*"""- . iw» -»e proceeded to Naples; but tne emperor Napoleon, it ¡B said, got alarmed and insuteel that the Government at Turin should decoy him back to Caproro. This arbitrary in terferonoo with the spontaneous ebullitions of patriotici feeling has had tho effeot of alienating the minds of the Italians more than ever from [ their "generous ally," few are no blind now ai »otto seo throughtho Imperial selfishness ana J 1 jpocrlsy. For.all the agonies and lorlnre» Hey are endurog, they Tiold the «WT jciponslble.- His army of occnnation «I.«J .elm« them and the pacification Ô,Mt",^i eevntryondthe consummation of their hon'* Be is really the ally of their spoilers; the pre. Udor of cruel tyrants and the patron of b,?. girds. With professions of svnip&thv; «"i iindms upon his lips, ho is bleeding awav H,. ir lion's strength at a hundred wcunds in» jrocess of disenchantment is proccedlnR ranirii« «¡d gralitudo for past services is giving "tu» fc Innung resentment and passionate hatred wiL». cn tho occurrence of some unusual provo'cation . iro not unlikely to explode in deeds, of rash' irdeavour. ' lasn The struggle which is thus raging between the rrotrcBBive and the reactionary forces of EuroT rriiy now be .seen exemplified on a narrower «reatre. An implacable quarrel has broken ont between Napoleon's two representatives at Bom« snd no means have yet been hit upon for settih,. it. Thotwomen-Qoyonand LavaKS tint the two antagonistic policies at which Napoleon has been playing for years. Now on« las been in the ascendant, and now the other Th« rmbsssador at .length-grew wearied and disgusted ?v-ilh the shuffling and see-sawing of his Imperial irtistor, and was especially indignant that hi« nihtary colleague did not excerciso the power aested in him to.suppress brigandage at its source B e came to Paris to expostulate with the ForeiT Ninister, and to explain the state of affairs tS tie Emperor. Madame Goyon also arrived ta <enntcr-plot. Lavalette refuses to return uníeiw Cojon is recalled: but the Emperor ovillen 1» cfinot find it in bra heart to sacrifico so conve- nient an instrument. Besides, he docs not vieh to abandon his double-dealing. 80 tha aiiiul dodger is iVn fix. Lavalette has retired from Paris, at the Imperial suggestion, as he was ly far too outspoken to please the Court- and the settlement of a diplomatic dispute, involvinir ¡/rave issues, is kept in abeyance. This unfaith- fulness to Italy, and this mysterious dread of priestly power on Iho part of the Government i« »rousing in Franco a feeling strongly adverso'to the present dynasty. But the agitation has been greatly increased by an imporlant debate ¡n the House of Commora cn the Pope, the Emperor, and Italy, provoked by Sir G. Bowyer, as the odvocato of tbe Panal Court.. This was altogether an extraordinary discussion, and elicited some magnificent freeches from Mr. bayard, Mr. Gladstone, and Lord Palmerston. The-Premier's declaration that the French occupation of Romo ÍB a beach cf the principle of non-intervention recognized ty France, and tho cheering and encouraging words ho addressed to Italy, havo produced a profound sensation on the Continent. Great cflenco has been takon at the Tuileries ¡ the ?visit of his Imperial Majesty to the InternalionsI Exhibition has been declared uncertain; and the Paris press has takon to lee uring England cn her delinquencies. In Italy the generous »jmpathy expressed by the British Parliament . und Ministers has awakened unbounded enthu tiatm; the speeches are translated and read ?Viith avidity ; and tho " moral support" of Eng lind bos risen immensoly in public estimation. The Ratozzi Ministry, after a protracted crisis, 1 DE been reconstituted and strenglhened. Victor Immanuel was to sot out yesterday on a visit to Naples, accompanied by, the chief members of his Cn bin et. The Chambers are prorogued until tha rnd of May. Signor Burando ia Minister for Foreign Affairs. PrusBia continues in tho paroxysm of apolitical crisiB of the gravest character. It is feared that the antagonism between Monarchy and Demo- cracy will lead to disastrous results. The King, however, as though afraid of the storm ho has raised, seems disposed to offer conciliation. What ho refused to grant to a constitutional Parliament ho finds it necessary to con- cede to bis fears that a more radical As Fimbiy vail be elected., It is officially announced that the war budget is to bo reduced, that the finances are to be submitted in greater detail, snd that taxes aro to be lightened. By these promised concessions, ¡tis hoped that tho popular ondignation will bo placated, and that a royalist Chamber may be returned. The King's Ministers at the same time are adopting the most unBcru püoiiB means of intimidation and pressure to Eccnro that end.. The University of Berlin and 1 erne other public bodies bave manfully refused to submit to Ministerial dictation. The first elections will come off on the 28th ¡net., and tho electoral colleges will be convoked eight days later. Nearly all tho Liberal representatives of tbe late Parliament will, it is expee'ed, bo re elected, Lord Blomfield, the English ambassador at "Vienna, it is alleged, has paid a visit lo Peslh, on a mission of reconciliation between Uuncary and Austria. His lordship boro proposals from the Emperor Francis JoBoph to M. Beak. The attempt met with no more success than that of previous official negotiators. A univeiEal cry of reprobation has been raised sgaintta proposal of the Archbishop of Toulouse, to commemorate the massacre of several thousand Fiotestants by a centenary jubilee. The French Government has very properly prohibited th s a ttempt to glorify the atrocities of a former age. Owing to the pressure put upon the Emperor by M. Foulel, he has consented to a reduction in the army of 32,000 men. The Japanese ambas tnc'ors and their suite arrived in Europo early in the month, and on the 13th were received by the Emperor at the Tuileries, The Court of Appeal st Douai has reversed the judgement of the Cours of Paris on all points in the case of M, Mires, «¡t bo has been reinstated, ' The news sent last month as to the suppression of the insurrection in Greece proves to havo been premature. The insurgonts at Nauplia still hold cut, and have no intention of sunenderbg. Various ovci tures have been mado to them by the King, and a general amnesty proniued; but (hey refuFe to lay down their arniB unleEB the following conditions aro observed:-the diemissal of the present Ministry, the dissolution of the Chamber, tho arming of the National Guard, and the appointment of a successor to the throne. Erglish and French ships of v. ar aro at Nauplia, to protect British and French subjects, Disturb tuces aro constantly breaking out in different perlB of the kingdom, The Government is at its wit'e-end for money. Its borrowing 'power is eme. YU will it be believed that, «hilo the leirgdom is apparently in the »gonies of dissolu- tion,'tho fanatical fools of whom wo hear once a 3 rar, on the reassembling of the Ionian Parlia- ment, are actually again clamouring for annexa- tion to Greece. Some of tbe sedi lous ingrates: Luve been arrested, we aro told. What »ill Mr. Ccldwin Smith say to this deed of high handed tjiBimy? i There has been a considerable amount of fight- ing during the month between the Turks and tha Monténégrins. The details that reach'tis are, of «mee, extremely scanty and obscure; hut in a recent engagement, provoked by tbpfMontono~ giirs, and raging fiercely for six hours, the in turgents were repulsed eight times, »fid on re- treating lift COO dead on the iioldjPberides a. large number of dead and wounded whom they carried off with them, The loss of the Turkish troops was also severe. '* Since the despatch of my telegram on the 2nd, »Enouncing the settlement without ngiling of iba Mexican embroglio, an inexplicable bitch hast happened. The Juarez Government bavin; acceded lo the demands of the allies, a tretty was drawn up and Bigned by the represent» ives c t the three powers, and the troops were to re <mbark for Europe. Just »s everybody wit* rejoicing over this extrication from a most em bana'ssing position, the Moniteur came out with the Startling intimation that the Frenoh Govern l nunt repudiated the convention. Tho admiral i who sanctioned-itwasauperfitded,moro troop» t were urged forward, with ordeis to march upon the capital, and attempts wero mado lo induoi I tie Spanish Government olso to disavow the» treaty. Hitherto Spain has resisted tho Impe- rial pressure. Tho whole affair is a mystery ; ard the motive for Buch conduct can only be conjectured. | , HOMB AFFAIB9, ¡ The country is in a posture of expeolanoy, and I Is accordingly very quiet and still. Trade anl cctnmerce are almost despairingly looking across 1 tie Atlantic, for the signal that shall revive theic lansuiBhingenergies and give an impulse to tbeir pursuits. Hollow-eyed and emaciated labour ii I intently gazing to the same direction, for soma I tit ns of cessation In that horrible and wicked stiife whioh hos desolated their hornee, impover- ished thoir families, and is threatening them with , fr mine or the workhouse. The fires of onr poli- tical life are burning very low-smouldering invi ïibly. Lord Derby has been pu' hors de combat by the gout, and, accordingly, bas been in no «condition to compete for theTien-iership, even if »n eligible and tempting oppoitunity had offered.. The session has attained Its grand climactcrio, and we may look for a rapid decadence in its powers, Bidaprematureand enfeebled old ago. The Bous ss I ore now in reoeEs dating tho Eoster holidays; I end »s the International Exhibition VfiU open ¡ - ¡thin a few days of their reassembling, there; «sill naturally be great .impatierco of work, slid an adroit avoidance of all topics likely to Iring on a collision of parties. Lord Palmer- ston will do and enduro anything for an easy life. The Budget rock escaped, the navigation if tho Government vessel will now be compara- tively smooth and safe. All troublesome Jonahs will be unhesitatingly thrown overboard -a de- termination of whion wa had some recent ex- amples. The most notable was the capitulation «jj Government'- »»»» f*"> »?'..«-*?'- - -- " * - - lr»r-iA.r.''riTT7"*~"."~"-i'%' *"-***-««»-* uuuauuu« AiWV -m îlpr0tîlaoted de>tM. "°° «»nil» of ">»*"»-. WftSBerally regarded as eminenlly favotirähl* to toe Ministry, ülr. I?*0 TT88 comm»i.ded tor display the white flag ot surrender, to the im- mense jubilation ot the olomoroii* "Tested in ieretts," and the astonishment and dlsguBt of the . country at large. The re- revived code is st worth- less) abortion-the mero ghost of its former self. , Beside a discussion of Polish wrongs and cortowB, and » brilliant and powerful debata o Italian affairs, the most important matter be- fore the House of Commons during the month has been the financial exposition of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which, "Vit and unpretentious as it was, did not escape some savage lunges from Mr. Disraeli. The jealous "ex" had the animus, but not the power to do any mischief. An exciting, duello was fought with weapons of brightest polish and keenest edge, but happily there was no political blood-letting. The abused Budget, maugre a few snatches, passed the ordeal of Parliamentary criticism, and was accepted by the nation with a feeling of thankfulness that matters were no worse. It was by no means an "ambitious Budget," like those of the past two years. It proposed but few changes, and those very minute ones. It gives us little but the broken meat after a substantial repast. It provides that all the main items of taxation should stand for the current year as they did through the preceding one. Income tax, assessed taxes, customs duties on spirits, tea, sugar, tobacco, and, with a slight modification, wines—excise duties, and stamp duties—all will remain as they and, save in the following particulars:—The hop duties are to be given up, or rather are to be commuted for an impost of 3d. per barrel on beer, with an allowance of a drawback to the same amount when exported, a licence for private brewing at 12s. 6d. per annum, and supplemen- tary licences to publicans for supplying fairs and galas. The stamp duty on playing cards is to be reduced from ls. to 3d. per pack. A stamp duty of one-eighth per cent, is to be charged on colonial and foreign bonds. The collection of the wine duties is to be simplified, by taxing all wines under twenty-six degrees of the alcoholic test at 1s. the gallon, and all above that standard up to fifty- two degrees at half-a-crown the gallon. Finally, the law of inventory in Scot- land to undergo some alteration. Taking our expenditure for the coming year at £70,040,000, Mr. Gladstone estimates his revenue as calculated to give him a small surplus of £150,000. There are now but five days to the opening ceremony of the Exhibition, and an enormous amount of work remains to be done. It will probably be the 1st of June before everything is complete, and the shilling paying plebeians will see the palace to greater advantage than the golden-feeing aristocrats. There is a rumour that Buckingham Palace has been placed at the disposal of the French Emperor. Her Majesty is about to leave for the Highlands. The sale of season tickets is very large. At a recent meeting of the City Committee for the Prince Albert Memorial Fund, the Lord Mayor intimated that difficulties had arisen in the way of procuring a monolith suitable for the purpose of an obelisk memorial to the Prince, and he further hinted that, in consequence of this and of the apathy of the public to that style of monu- ment, the idea of an obelisk was likely to be abandoned. A committee has been formed for affording to the people at large an opportunity of contributing in small sums o the Memorial Fund. A recent election for Preston has resulted in the return of the Conservative candidate by a large and unexpected majority. The Liberals were completely out-generalled. Bribes of £5, £10, £15, and even of £20 per man were asked and given. At a recent meeting of the Relief Committee for the Hartley widows and orphans, it was re- ported that the amount received was over £75,000. The committee proceeded to fix the scale of allowances, and the following was adopted:—To each widow, 7s. a week ; widow with one child, 10s. 6d. ; widow and two children, 13s .6d. ; widow and three children, 15s. 6d.; widow and four children, 17s. 6d. ; widow and five children, 19s. 6d. ; widow and six children, 21s. 6d., a week, the allowance to continue, except in cases of gross misconduct, to widows so long as they remain unmarried ; to girls until they reach the age of fifteen years; to boys until they reach the age of twelve years ; the allowance for infirm adults to remain, as a general rule, at 5s. per week ; special cases to be considered. The committee will educate the children, and furnish medical attendance to the families in addition. At pre- sent the families enjoy their cottages rent-free and pay nothing for coals. But if they have to remove from their cottages, an opinion was expressed by several of the committee that they should have their rents paid them. To maintain these allowances for fifteen years it is estimated £40,000 will require to be sunk, and a further sum of £10,000 will be required tor those widows who may be alive at the end of fifteen years. Brookes's Club has blackballed Mr. Robert Love, the vice-president of the Committee of Council on Education, and also Mr. Owen Stan- ley, twin brother of Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Postmaster-General. Mr. Lowe was refused admission to this sacred enclosure of aristocratic Whigs on the suspicion that he writes for The Times. Mr. George Peabody, who has been so long known in the city as an American merchant of the highest position, and who in gene- ral society has, during a residence of many years among us, distinguished himself by the kindness and geniality of disposition, is about to perform a work which will for ever place his name among the chief benefactors of this capital. Desirous of devoting a portion of his wealth to purposes of charity, and anxious to testify his goodwill to the country where he has lived sur- rounded by the respect of so many friends, Mr. Peabody has determined to give the sum of £150,000 to "ameliorate the condition of the poor and needy of this great metropolis, and to promote their comfort and happi- ness." He has placed this great sum in the hands of a committee, consisting of Mr. Adams, the United States Minister, Lord Stanley, Sir James Emerson Tennent, Mr. C. M. Lampson, and his own partner, Mr. J. S. Morgan, who are to determine in what way it may be used so as to "ameliorate the condition and augment the com- forts of the poor who either by birth or estab- lished residence form a recognized portion of the population of London." Only one condition of importance is attached to this gift—namely, that " now and for all time there shall be a rigid ex- clusion from the management of this fund of any influences calculated to impart to it a character either sectarian as regards religion, or exclusive in relation to local or party politics." He hints that he would be glad if it can be found practi- able to apply the fund, or a portion of it, in the construction of such improved dwellings for the poor as may combine in the utmost possible degree the essentials of healthfulness, comfort, social enjoyment, and economy. A noble testimonial of about £5,000 is to be presented to Mr. E. Miall on the 8th of May, Several members of Parliament are to be present on the occasion. Verily, he for whom this thing is done is worthy. I have hitherto taken no notice of the spirited preparations which are being made by the entire Nonconformist community to celebrate the bi-cen- tenary of Black Bartholomew, nor have I space to devote to the subject now. But the movement is developing some startling and painful results. An intense antagonism is springing up between the Evangelical clergy of the Established Church and Dissenters, and much bitter recrimination is indulged in. Canon Miller, of Birmingham, and Mr. Ryle have withdrawn from the platform of the Bible Society, because they can no longer meet and act fraternally with sectarian minis- ters; and while this rupture is taking place between low- church men and dissenters, there are signs of a truce to the hostilities which have been so long racing within the pale of the en- dowed church itself. The whole land is moved by this great controversy ; the religious papers are crowded with reports and correspondence on the subject ; and the epoch is giving birth to a literature of its own, reproductive of the times of our fathers. Our money-order system is to be extended to New Zealand on and after the 1st of May. The review of 20,000 volunteers at Brighton, by Lord Clyde, on Easter Monday, was, thanks to the beauty of the weather, a great success. It was the most effective demonstration of the kind ever witnessed in this country, and all accounts testify to the improved discipline and efficiency of our rifle defenders. I enclose more copious details from the London journals. A long letter from Mr. Cobden on maritime law, in the absence of more exciting political topics at home, has received much attention, He would not only exempt merchant ship- ping, from. the mischances of war, but would restrict blockade to naval arsenals, and would also annihilate the belligerent right of search. He is quite right in saying that England is the sufferer by the maintenance of these licences of war, which cause a destruction of pri- vate property quite out of proportion to the effect it has upon the result of war ; but that is just the reason why it is useless to propose any such changes as Mr. Cobden suggests. They would suit our purpose only too well, but no other nation would consent to give up the right to strike a blow just where England would feel it most—at her commerce. Mr. Cobden has issued a second Pamphlet entitled The Three Panics, in which he shows how enormous and how unnecessary has been our war expenditure during late years. ENGLISH COMMERCIAL INTEL- LIGENCE. {FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, APRIL, 26. This has been a month of loans and rumours of loans. England being just now a rich reser- voir of loanable capital, which the disorganization of trade and commerce has thrown out of its ordinary channels, nearly all the needy nations of the world—and their name is legion—are suing for a portion of our golden superfluity. The same congested state of our monetary centres has given birth to a ever increasing crop of Joint-stock enterprises and limited liability companies. One is quite bewildered with their multiplicity, and the seductiveness of their promises. There are signs of the ad- vent of a speculative mania, arising from the enormous amount of money disengaged from the usual profitable pursuits of trade, and now going a-begging for some profitable investment. There is danger lest these schemes for absorbing redundant capital should be carried too far, and that the nation may become committed to liabilities which would prove exceedingly em- barrassing in case of a sudden revival of commercial prosperity. The urgent demand for money which, under such circumstances, would arise, would beget a competition so severe as to drive up the rates of discount to a most incon- venient level. It is true, there are no indica- tions of such a revulsion at present; the terms of accommodation continue extremely easy— ranging from two and one-eighth to two and three- quarters per cent. ; yet it is obviously impos- sible that the monthly commitments of the country should continue at the present rate for a much longer period without entailing disastrous results. Our rates of discount certainly contrast most tantalizingly with those current in the Aus- tralian colonies, and especially at Melbourne. I see a malcontent signing himself "Australia In- Felix" has written to The Times, complaining of the alleged combination on the part of the banks for the purpose of keeping up the price of money, which to us appears exorbitant. The colonists, however, have the remedy in their own hands. A new bank, established on a strong and broad basis, would be able to break up the mono- polist confederacy. The new Turkish loan, as I have already appraised you, was a most remarkable success. It was introduced on Monday, the 24th ult., and when the subscription lists were closed, on Friday it was found that applications had been made for about £35,000,000—or considerably more than four times the amount required. Un- diminished eagerness to subscribe was evinced to the last, owing to the unusually tempting character of the terms offered, which are con- sidered equal to about eleven and a half per cent. per annum. The purpose of the loan is to con- solidate the floating debt, and to withdraw the depreciated paper currency. The British Govern- ment has nominated Lord Hobart a special com- missioner to see to the due performance of the engagements of the Porte. The scrip certificates were delivered on the 30th, and have continued all the month at a considerable premium. The new security has been largely dealt in by all sorts of speculators, and the investments of the public have been numerous. The whole amount of the loan is to be promptly paid up. Proposals for the new Egyptian loan were issued on the 4th instant, by the firm of Messrs Fruhling and Gösohen. The amount to be raised was £1,811,040 sterling, to be represented by seven per cent. bonds for £2,195,200, at the price of eighty-two and a half. The interest commences from the 1st ult., and seven per cent, was to be allowed on prepayment of the instalments, which are to extend over five months. The loan will be redeemed in thirty years by an accommo- dating sinking fund, half-yearly drawings taking place of bonds to be paid off at par. The annual charge for interest and sinking fund of £176,000 is especially secured by the revenues of the Delta, producing more than £600,000 per annum. The proceeds of the loan, which was originally contracted with the Bank of Saxe-Meiningen, are to be employed in extin- guishing the floating debt, and a special authori- zation for its issue has been obtained from the Sultan. It appears that the revenue of Egypt exceeds £3,500,000, after providing for the tri- bute to the Porte, and that there is neither foreign debt nor paper currency. The same eagerness was displayed in this case as in that of the Turkish loan, and the applications were on a scale of vast magnitude. The total subscriptions reached no less than £9,635,200, on which deposits of nearly half a million were paid. The scrip was at once quoted at two and a half per cent. premium, but afterwards fell to three- eighths premium, owing to the circulation of adverse representations respect- ing the validity of the security. The whole diffi- culty, however, resolved itself into an ambiguity in the wording of the prospectus. The com- mittee of the Stock Exchange sought and ob- tained a satisfactory explanation from the London agents of the Viceroy. This objection having been disposed of, the position of the stock was again temporarily damaged by a statement that some Paris houses claimed a preference in affect- ing a loan for Egypt, and had submitted their pretensions to the French Foreign Mi- nister. Whatever M. Thouvenel's decision may be, it cannot invalidate the present loan. If the Viceroy has failed in his engagement, he will simply be required to pay an indemnity to the Comptoir d'Escompte and Messrs. Ch. Laffitte and Co., of Paris. Scarcely were the two preceding loans nego- tiated than it was understood that several other greedy suppliants—among whom were Peru, Vene- zuela, and Russia—were at the door of the money market, anxious to be admitted. A Peruvian four and a half per cent, for £2,400,000, at ninety, was as good as announced—all the arrangements having been prepared, and sub- scriptions privately accepted for a considerable portion of the amount—when the announcement was made that the project had been withdrawn for the present. The cause of this miscarriage appears to have been the discovery that the fiscal commissioner of the Peruvian Government, Senor Rudulfo, has no legal powers, There are some points in the affair which, for the sake of its own credit, it is to be hoped the Peruvian Executive will feel the necessity of explaining. The whole matter must now be referred back to Peru, and it seems very questionable whether our money market will be troubled again from this quarter for the next four or five months. Should satisfactory arrangements be then made, and the negotiation be renewed, the Peruvian Government had far better provide for the immediate redemp- tion (or, what is the same thing, for the con- version into the new loan) of the remaining balance of the Anglo-Peruvian Four and-a-Half per cent. stock, as this course would set free a revenue of £325,000 a year, now specially as- signed to that stock, and which would form a good basis for a new loan of moderate amount. As another preliminary condition, it is im- portant that the real position of the guano contract should be made satisfactorily clear. The marked success which has attended the introduction of the Morocco, Turkish, and Egyptian loans has naturally excited the cupidity of Russia, whose Government is sadly in want of money. On two former occasions the attempts to squeeze several millions out of the pockets of John Bull were signal failures ; but the British public appear just now to be in such a generous mood, that Russia evidently hopes to be more successful this time. She is prepared, it is said, to ask for the modest sum of £10,000,000, in a four and a half per cent. stock at eighty- five. The idea of lending to her at all is received with utmost universal disfavour ; and a loan at such a price offers no adequate temptation to subscribers in this country. Whilst credit is cheerfully given to Russia for her invariable fidelity to her engagements, many reasons are adduced to justify our refusal of anything like so large a sum as that which rumour declares is about to be applied for. The financial embarrassments of the empire—the absence of all authentic and satisfactory information as to the real financial position and prospects of the country—the criti- cal condition of Poland—the uncertain result of the great scheme of emancipation now pending, which is tantamount to a social revolution by no means devoid of peril—and the hostile com- mercial principles to which the Government clings—are all urged in deprecation of the pro- posed advance of our capital. It has not even escaped notice that since so large an amount of British money has been invested in Turkish securities, there would be something contradictory and illogical in supporting Russia, the mortal enemy of Turkey. By lending to Russia we really contribute to injure the Turkish Empire, in which we have now so deep an inte- rest, both political and financial. Were the terms of the contemplated loan, however, to be unde- niably tempting, it is not improbable that all these reasons, excellent as they are, for not sub- scribing would be ignored ; but as this is not likely to be the case, the loan if introduced would probably prove a failure. I see by the Daily News of yesterday that, in spite of the cold water thrown upon the project the negotiations are being actively continued. Support is being organized in a variety of quarters. The terms originally spoke of have been altered, and it is now understood that the loan will be brought forward as a five per cent. stock, at a difference (including discount, &c.;) of some four or five per cent, in favour of the sub- scriber, as compared with the price of the exist- ing Russian Five per Cents., which could be sold yesterday at 99, or a fraction higher. According to some of the rumours circulated here, and cor- roborated from Paris, the new loan will be of the in moderate amount of £12,000,000 or £15,000,000. In this case the margin spoken of does not ap- pear to be by any means adequate. The final instalment of twenty per cent, on the Moorish loan of £501,200 was paid on the 10th, and the bonds were delivered to the scrip- holders on the 16th inst. The evacuation of Te- tuan follows immediately on the proceeds of the loan being remitted to Spain. The directors of the London Chartered Bank of Australia have elected their late deputy- chairman, Mr. William Fane De Salis, to the office chairman, vacant by the decease of the late Mr. Duncan Dunbar. They have also ap- pointed Mr. James Fraser, of the firm of J. and L. Fraser and Co., to be deputy-chairman. At a meeting of the Oriental Bank Corporation on the 17th the directors' report was agreed to. It stated the net profit for the year 1861 at £196,454. The dividend and bonus already dis- tributed out of the twelve month's profits have absorbed £88,200, leaving £108,254 available for present distribution. It is now resolved to pay a dividend of five per cent, and a bonus of three per cent. for the half-year ending December last, making together eight per cent, or £2 per share, free of income-tax, and having £7,454 to be carried to the credit of the ensuing year's ac- count. The chairman, Mr. H. G. Gordon, re- marked that the amount divisible was one per cent. less than in the previous year, and assigned as the cause of the diminution the effects of the war in America. At the same time, the insur- ance fund and the business in China had not been quite so profitable. In Australia and India, how- ever, prospects are brightening. The suspensions of the month have not been so numerous an usual. The principal instances are those of Messrs. F. S. Jackson and Co., ship- owners, of St. Peter's-alley, liabilities about £15,000; Messrs. Clementz, Tunder, and Co., of St. Petersburg, which is expected to bring down other houses ; Messrs. Chennell, Molas, and Co., hide and leather factors ; while advices from Buenos Ayres announce some rather large mer- cantile failures, arising from over-speculation. One house has suspended for £100,000, a large portion of which is due to English firms. Most of the recent gold arrivals have gone into the Bank, so that, with little demand for export, its reserve stands well. The payment of the dividends has contributed to the extreme case of the money market. The Bank minimum continues at two and a half, but no reduction is anticipated at present. Consols have been flat and depressed during the month, the transactions fluctuating between ninety-three and three quarters and ninety-four and a quarter, which, taking into account the month's accrued interest, shows a slight retrograde movement since my last report. On the 27th ult. the Bank of France reduced its rate of dis- count from four to three and a half per cent., and it is considered not improbable that a further fall will occur. According to the last return of the Bank of France, its discounts have fallen off £2,960,000, and the advances £460,000 ; indicating a diminished commercial demand for money ; while the Treasury balances are £1,820,000 less than last month, through the payment of the dividends last month upon the Four and a Half per Cents. The bullion now accounts to £16,724,000, being £168,000 more then was shown by the return for the previous month of March. In the foreign stock market, Mexican securi- ties sustained a severe fall, owing to the compli- cations between the three Powers respecting the intervention and the mysterious conduct of the French Government, Russian have been ex- tremely depressed on the rumour of a new loan. On the Paris Bourse, the shares of a certain joint-stock company founded by Mires, which were offered ten days ago at 25f., have risen since his acquittal to 165f. 50c. ! India Five Per Cents are quoted at 108½. East India Stock was at one period temporarily depressed by the an- nouncement that the Railway Company were about to issue £2,000,000 of shares, with the usual guarantee of five per cent., for the construction of the Jubbulpore line. The demand for Australian Government De- bentures and for bank stock has been mode- rately active during the past month. Looking at the number of foreign loans, however, which are now being brought forward, no great advance can be expected. The associated banks acted wisely in bringing forward the balance of the Victorian Loan in January ; for, although money has con- tinued abundant, the number of new loans and other schemes launched every week has prevented more than a nominal advance from taking place in the value of those debentures. The heavy payments on the last issue were punctually made on the 1st inst., after which a temporary rally occurred. There has been an improvement in New Zealand Six per Cents, while several of the banks have receded from the advanced quota- tions reported by last mail. The Board of Trade returns for the month of February indicate a continuance of great dullness in the export trade; for, although the shipments of home produce and manufactures for the month—£8,320,059—were nearly the same as in February, 1861, the decrease, compared with February, 1860, is about twenty- two per cent. In like manner the exports for the two months have been nearly on a par with those of last year, yet are sixteen per cent, below those of 1860\. The heaviest falling-off is still in cotton goods and yarn, while some articles used for war- like equipments exhibit a partial increase. The negotiations for a commercial treaty with Belgium have failed through the unreasonable demands of the Belgian Government. Her Ma- jesty's Ministers are annoyed at this result after their success with France ; but their supporters in Yorkshire and Lancashire are absolutely irri - tated. Belgium will take all she can get, but give nothing in return. The colonial wool sales are fixed to commence on Friday, the 2nd May. About 26,000 bales of colonial wool have reached the London market this week, and the quantity now in warehouse, for the coming auctions, amounts to 91,176 bales, viz. :—16,523 Sydney, 43,797 Port Philip. 4,520 Van Diemen's Land, 13,641 Adelaide, 1,704 New Zealand, 2,064 Swan River, and 8,927 Cape. Those qualities of home-grown wool suitable for blanket and woollen-goods manufacturers have been in somewhat improved request this week, at full prices ; but all other descriptions have met an inactive market, at late rates. The distress in the manufacturing districts is increasing in intensity week by week, and there seems no prospect of a change for the better. The stories of the sufferings of the Manchester, Stockport, and Blackburn factory hands are heart-rending. A grant of money for their relief from the public treasury is talked of. It is well that the Chancellor of the Exchequer has been visiting the district, so as to form an independent judgement as to the urgency of the case. Advices from Chili by the last West India steamer mention a statement which had become prevalent, of the discovery of an enormous quan- tity of silver, at a place about 100 leagues from Copiapo, in the great desert of Alacuma. The assertions with regard to its abundance, even on the surface of the soil, are most extraordinary, and a number of people had started for the spot, many of whom, with their horses, had perished on the journey from want of food and water. Some who had set out had turned back from dread and exhaustion; but it was expected that more positive statements would shortly be re- ceived, when, supposing them to confirm the expectations excited, an organized system of transit would probably be attempted. The agitation amongst the insurance interest with regard to the storage of American well-oil in the port of London continues. The at- tention of Government has been drawn to the matter by a deputation composed of the se- cretaries of some of the principal insurance offices, who have waited upon Sir George Grey. The Minister, after hearing the repre- sentations made to him of the inflammable nature of the oil, promised to give the subject due consideration. It is not stated whether the deputation offered any practical suggestions calculated to obviate the evil apprehended ; but it is a singular and fortunate coincidence that, at the moment when the insurance interest are becoming so anxious upon the matter, a company —the London Sufferance Wharf Company—is in course of organization, which proposes to con- struct, in an unobjectionable locality, the exact sort of warehouse accommodation required for this new and growing article of import. THE YARRA BEND CASE.—We perceive by our second telegram that in this case, notwith- standing that the issue in Steele's case was against The Argus, in the main it came off vic- torious, which affords us extreme pleasure. The issue establishes one fact, that, by the verdict of the jury, great abuses must have existed in the asylum ; and we think great praise is due to The Argus for its exposure of them, and for standing forth in the shoes of humanity as the defender of poor helpless creatures who were unable to de- fend themselves. As a fearless and independent journal, it only did its duty, for which it has the thanks of every right-thinking and humane man in the community. We may observe that the progress of the trial was watched here with much interest, and that the issue afforded satisfaction to all classes. The sym- pathy of the entire district, so far as we can learn, is with The Argus. It is conceded on all hands that no other journal, in either of the colonies, would have exposed the abuse. In several instances that have come under our own observation, the feeling has manifested itself in a substantial manner—if any steps should be taken to appeal to the public liberality. The Argus in this issue has not had the advantage of' fair dealing—even in the Assembly this has been painfully manifested, if we are to be allowed to put any interpretation upon the conduct of certain members in asking that the report of the committee be laid before the House. This was truly stretching a point a little too far, and we are glad that the chief justice appeared to have seen through the whole affair, and stated that he would refuse to admit documents, if we under- stand the words correctly, were they produced. The Argus has achieved a victory that every other journal throughout the colony may well envy that it did not fall to their lot.—Ovens and Murray Advertiser, June 7. PARLIAMENT AND THE PRESS — We are in- formed that some gentlemen in Ballarat, in no way connected with the press, who are jealous of the powers assumed by the Legislative Assembly, as exemplified in the case of The Argus, are getting up a requisition, to be presented to the chairman of the Western Council, requesting him to call a public meeting on on the subject.—Ballarat Star, Jun 9. 