USE OF WATER IN THE CITY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE OB3EUTEE. Sir—I perceive it is intended to introduce a clause in the forthcoming Amended Water wciks Bill making it a finable offence to-use the water for garden irrigation, as if that formed no portion of its domestic uses. I et ns hope the members for Adelaide will exert their strongest influence to prevent such clause disgracing the Act of Parliament about to be framed, and the grateful thanks of their poorer fellow-citizens will reward their efforts in such a cause. A more ungenerous, narrow minded thing was never designed in any law passed in this colony, It says virtually .that Adelaide shall remain as dry and dusty and uninteresting as it used to be; it says that the householder, living on his small freehold in the back streets (who is assessed heavily for water), shall use none of the G-od-given clement of health and purity to keep his patch of garden-ground verdant during the burning months of summer; it denies him the poor privilege of sitting under the grateful shade of his own vine and fig-tree with nono to make him afraid; it drives him from the blameless indulgence of seeing things grow, and robs him of one of the chief delights of heme >n this out-of-door climate.^, And what is' the miserable plea ?—that it is " wasting" water! —a difficult thing to do so long as.it is used for beneficial purposes. Trash! Common sense declares that the faster the whole body of wat r lyisg in the mains is changed the purer it becomes. if there were the ghost of a suspicion that the supply from the hills were inadequate to the consumption of Adelaide, there would be some palliation for the proposed interdiction; but the Commissioner's report shows that the supply is inexhaustible with our present popu lation. A few hundred thousand gallons used, more or lees, in the little gardens which adorn the city can make no great difference at the reservoir. The more of Nature's greenery we can obtain in Adelaide the better for all dwel lers therein; and, in a sanitary point of view, every man who can create a garden where once was waste ground is indirectly benefiting his fellow- citizens, and, so far froiii being compelled to smuggle his 6uppiy through the medium cf a bath as waste water, should be allowed to use all he may require without let or hindrance, so long as he pays his water-rate. 1 have so much faith in the intelligence and rightuiindedncss of our legislators as to believe that this offensive clause in the forthcoming measure will be thrown out at once, as being utterly at variance with the principles of justice and equal dealing so largely pGrvading our colonial laws. , I am, Sir, &c;«, BLTJESHIBT. 