The Operatives' Relief Fund. — On Sunday last tlie Rev. Father O'Neill announced that a collection, will be made next Sunday, at St. Augustine's Church, on behalf of the distressed operatives in Lancashire. Wo hope the example will be followed in tiie other churdies in Yass and the district. The Dray Robbery at Jerrawa. — On referring to our police report it will be seen tlmt one uf the parties supposed to be implicated in the late wholesale robbery of store .goods from two drays at Jerrawa Creek, has made himsejf stfarce. This man was known to Durack, the. carrier, under the name of Bill, and had assisted in driving the teams to where the robbery was effected. It would ap pear that Arthur Bush, before returning home after the investigation into the death of the woman Howard, purchased a horse from Mr. Hassett of Yass, and rode it to Jerrawa, where he placed it iu a paddock. "Bill," being apprehensive that-the wholesale plunder of the drays would soon be discovered, -and that he might .be called upon to give. an account df his share m the affair considered it tlie wisest policy " to make tracks," and qccordingly, during" the same night that Ar thur Lujiij-mtRrjied liome- with.. hia. new- purchase, Bill possessed. 'himself of the animal, bridle and saddle, audleft Jerrawa, clandestinely. He. subsequently sold thg . rforse to a person named Sampson, at Mrs. Edwards's, Telegraph Inn." : PoliBe Promotion. — Constable Wil liam Patterson to be senior-constable of the jToltce "st a t io ueTT at Yass. Patterson has been about twenty 'years in the -police service, and, before-. his late appointment t<J tli'e mounted 1 patrol, was for a length of time district constable in the police of the Gouiburu district. Accident. — On Sunday morning lust a boy about seven years of age, woo, with liis parents, had recently been brought to the country by. Mr. John Sheuhuii, under the Assisted -Immigration boil sty. was j accidentally run over by a cart near Yass. | He was cmveyel to Mr. Hilly 's hotel,! and received all possible attention and I imdii-iil treatment. He wus considered sufficiently well to be removed to Jugiong | the same afternoon. The Road to Young- and Forbes. — We are glad to notice tlmt the Superinten dent, Mr. Caporn, lias called for tenders f.'rtlie forniaii oi and repair of tiie road leading from. Yass to tlie gold- fields at Burr.ing.iiig and tiie Lacnlan. liie road will follow the route described in this paper a few weeks since ; and we believe the entire cost of putting this road in it j sufficiently g >»! condition for traffic will j nut exceed JE'JOOO. | Colonial Invention. — Air. Alexander j Reid. an engineer residing in this town. ! has just completed a series of drawings j ami patterns for a 'small portable steam j engine, suitable for blacksmiths mid ileal- ers iu cut forage. The engine will be of ! two men p over, and can be supplied and | fitted up iii or near town at a very rcasou- | able price. Tiie patterns are about to be I forwarded to Messrs. P. N. Russell and Co., Sydney, for easting. Gold Escorts. — On Saturday last', the escort from Adelong brought down nearly 000 ozs. amalgamated gold ; and on Moil lay that from Burrangoiig con sisted of nearly 3000 ozs. The Member for Yass Plains. — Where is Mr. Peter Faucet t? We mean the honourable and learned member for Yass, the gentleman who was returned on Catholic priucipb-s, was expected to ad vocate the Cathu'io cause in the Legisla lative Assembly, and to throw his vote in tlie scale when Catholic interests were endangered. Of late, during the earlier part of tlie afternoon, we have observed Mr. Faucett presenting petitions, asking questions, and doing other routine busi- ness, but its the night wore on Ins voice leased to resound in our ears, nor could we even manage to catch a glimpse of j his person. Wiiat can he the reason of j liis continued absence from his p 'St? Are his professional duties during the morning of so onerous a nature tljat.his physical powers are unequal to the strain upon the nervous %stem induced by pro tracted sittings in tiie heated and excited atmosphere of the house? Or are his j urgent private ali.iirs" of so important i and peremptory a nature that even those j of his country must defer to them ? The ! present week in tie: legislature lias been j one of peculiar interest to Cntiic-lies ; a j question of vital imp irtauce to the whole i Cnth-'lie body, and to tlie clergy iu par- j, ticular, has been under discussion, and ) one in which the legal acumen and great j taleiits of Mr. Faucett might have had j considerable weight in influencing tlie j House to arrive at a different decision on j the subject than it lias done; at any rate j it is quite certain that if- his eloquence j had no effect, his vote would, and t»l- j though it is probable that in the equal j division of the House which would have ensued, had Mr. Faucett voted, the | Speakers vote would likely have been given against the bill. On Mr. Faucett's vote depended the fate of the bill, and on him, and on him solely rests tlie respon sibility of its having been carried. We have no right to interfere in any way witii Dir. Faucett's domestic affairs, hue if their demands upon his time interfere with the (inti.is uf a legislator, which he has voluntarily undertaken, the only con sistent and honourable course would be to resign his seat. If the country en trusts men with the care of their interests surely it is not too much to expect that tliey will to the best of their ability en deavour to discharge the solemn respon sibilities they have undertaken, or if any obstacle stands in the way of their doing so, that they will give place to other men, if not better qualified than them selves, who will, at least honourably and conscientiously discharge the duties they have bound themselves to perforin. We have no means of knowing what Mr. Faucett's ideas may be of the course lie has lately pursued with regard to the affairs of the country, or whether absorbed in other matters more congenial to his taste, he gives himself tlie trouble of thinking about them at all ; but we sup pose the broad principle of common justice and honour are applicable to a man's public and political, as well as to those of his private life, and judged by these principles, we maintain that Mr. Faucett's conduct as a iegislator is neither just nor honourable — an insult to his con stituents, and inconsistent with tlie duty he owes to the country. It is rumoured that the honourable member for Yass made several attempts to pair off during the late debates, which' proved abortive ; because every member of the House knew perfectly well that, as the clock pointed to the hour of six, the legal phy siognomy uf the hou. member was regu larly observed to vanish, through the li brary door, and was seen to return no more that night. What might be the irresistible influence which drew the hon. gentleman so constantly and so regularly from the councils of his country we have neither the means nor tlie desire of uscer: taming ; (but tliis we do know, that a man who cantiot remain in his place in the Assembly after six o'clock in the after noon his ho business in the House at all, and the sooner he is out of it the better. We are informed, on good authority, that the other Catholic members who did not vote in the division on Thursday night are able to gi.ve.goo'd, satisfactory reasons ijjr th'eir abseifce ; jperliaps Mr. Faucett qan do so, too. lFthe can. we should like . tio hear what they aire.- ' Has he bought a farm ? or, has he gone to try his five yoke of oxen ? or what other excuse has he to give why the hour of six should be as fatal to his continuing longer in;" tho. House as cock-crow was to the longer appearance of the 'ghost in "Hamlet." U'e should be sorry to dispute the un doubted talents , of the honourable and learned, member : _ wJiut we complain of is, that he don't use them. We want men who will work, not dummies who won't. Again we ask, Where is Mr.! l'oter Faucett?— Freeman's Journal.: . Hollow ay s Pili.». — It it linrd lor persons wlm li've li-i-n weakened and emaeinti-d Ly y-ais nf sick ii'-is tn believe tlmt tliey can bo lefituc'l lo strength and vigour hy any medi cine. Tliey have, /perhaps tried twenty physicians, and a hundred " specific--," with- imt nvnil ...Nevor mind; we a-k them, for their own rakes, to try on« more— Hollnway'ii nll-eonqiiering' remedy. The Pil.s us siiiely repair the' ravages of dis n-e, leimvate the internal organs, liraco nnd i ivigoratc tlie di lapidated system, restore the appetite, and, us a consequence, give bunya'iicv to the nlii- mal spirits, as- tho dew and rain refreshes tho withered lierlis and flowers. This is tlie lan guage, not of eulogy, hut of expeiiei.ee. 