THEATRE 110YAL. The play of.' Richelieu, or the Conspiracy,' takes rank amongst the most brilliant productions of one of the most brilliant authors of the present day. There is a sound substratum ot' historic truth throughout, from which spring gracefully nnd naturally the flowers of poetic fancy. The fiction is so skilfully interwoven with recorded fact that the one does no violence to the other, and the result is a charming and harmonious wholr. inujitiicu. piuieoncB iu uiuaiiuiu u stirring epi sode in France's history. The structure of the play is admirable, and eminently fits it for dra matic representation. The language is highly poetic, and often rises to the sublime. For his view of the character of the r oldier-pnest, and for the suggestion of several striking scenes, Sir Edward Lytton Bulwer frankly acknowledges his indebtedness to the historical story of ' Cinq Mars' by Alfred de Vigny, and to 'an early and admirable novel' by the author of 'Picciola.' Although differing in many points, and especially in the denouement, there appears to us to be some strongly marked resemblances between the Richelieu of Bulwer, and the Cardinal Wolsey of Shakspeare, as pourtrayed in 'Henry VIII.' Each exhibits tho same stern self-reliance — a like boundless ambition — the same haughty scorn of meaner courtiers — a similar disposition to use the sacerdotal office for the furtherance of political feuds. Both were prime ministers of an empire, and both had been honored by the bestowal of the hat of the Cardinal— tho last best gift in the power of Rome to bestow. Wolsey was the adviser of a headstrong monarch ; Richelieu had to direct the actions of a king who, we are told, was personally brave but morally timid ; — always governed by others, and ..always repining at the yoke. Louis XIII — surnamed the Just, for no better reason than that he was born under the zodiacal sign of Libra — loved no one. When Richelieu, who had consolidated his empire, and plsced France upon a secure footing amongst the nations of Europe, died, he is reporle to have said coldly, ' Voila un grand politique mort !' and at the hour of the execution of his once favorite Cinq- Mars, looking at his watch, he remarked , with a smile, ' ' present mon cher ami fait une' viloine mine.' The character of Richelieu himself is much, more interesting. It abounds in startling contradictions, Hated and dreaded by the many- he was devotedly beloved.. by his immediate ' dependents. His ambition was not selfish — it never aimed at despotism for its own sake. His love of France was all-absorbing, but he looked upon himself as indissolubly bound up with her ' pre-eminence. Asked upon his death-bed if he forgave his enemies, he replied, ' I never had any J but those of the State.' And, says the oommen- | tator, thiB was true enough, for Richelieu and the j ' State were one. We must pass on to the actual | performance of the play, as presented on Satur ! day evening. The Richelieu of Mr Barry Sulli I van doubtless differB in many respects from the representation of the same character to which Melbourne theatre goers are accustomed, and with reason, to look back, as one standard of excellence. Those who prefer the delineation of the Cardinal by Mr Brooke would take exception to the quieter portraiture of Mr Sullivan, which is shown even in the more strongly marked scenes. The real basis of the difference we believe to be that Mr Brooke plays the Cardinal as a decade younger than Mr Sullivan depicts him. With the one he ia the man, not absolutely paBt the prime of life, somewhat weakened and whitened with the cares of state, but still with physique equal to the most powerful demonstra tion required by the action of the drama. The other depicts him as ihe old man he looks — weak in frame — worn out with the workings ot a wear ing ambition and never-slumbering suspicion — sustained alone by the soul within. The man, 'old — childless — friendless — broken; forsaken by all, but the indomitable heart of Armand Jttc/ielteu in Liiougti iUr iirooxe s compara tively youthful conception is in this respect more historically correct, Mr Sullivan's we believe to be more en rapport with the intentions of the author. Passing over the internal evidence of the passage we have just quoted, there is again the attempt to wield the sword with which he ' at Rochefle did hand to hand engaged the Btalwart Englisher, and shore him to the waist — a toy, a feather' — then (following the author's stage directions, the author tries to wield it, and lets it fall, 'continuing) ' You see a child could slay Richelieu now.' In a note to the play, the author, in accounting for the sudden resuscitation of Richelieu in the fifth act, points out that such (not to strain too much on the real passion which supports him) is in conformance with the more dissimulating part of his character — that the extraordinary mo bility of hisf countenance (latterly so deathlike, save when't'he mind spoke in the features) always lent itself to stage effect of this nature. The queen mother said of him that she had seen him one moment so feeble, cast down, and 'semi- mort,' that he seemed on the point of giving up the ghost, and the next moment he would start up full of animation, energy, and life. Which of the two great actors wc have been privileged to see on the Melbourne stage in this part best realises the idea here conveyed it would be difficult to say ; and we Bhall forbear further comparison. Tho key to the character of Richelieu, as depioted by Ml- Sullivan, is cunning. Here is his text in the first act : — . Richclim.-A.ni so you think this now conspiracy Tho craftiest trap yet laid for the old fox J— Fox 1 - Well, I like tho nickname ! What did Plutarch Say of tho Greek Lysander J Joseph. — X forget. Itichclieu. — That when the lion's skin felt short - bo eked it Out with tho fox's I A great statesman, Joseph, That same liysander.' He reverts to the same idea — utters' almost tho Fame words — when he finds himself surrounded by trmed conspirators in his palace, and obliged to feign death in order to escape its imminent reality. This, indeed, was oneof Mr Sullivan's best scenes. The opposites of the wily Cardinal's character are photographed in a single breathing space. There was first the quick apprehension of the danger pointed out by De Mauprat — then the silencing of Julie's affrighted appeal, ' Hush I a shriek — a cry — a breath too loud would startle from its hor rent pause the swooping Death.' The ready pre caution, ' Go to the door and listen.'' His grim humor finds vent when De Mauprat asseverates that the conspirators ' shall pass this heart to thine,' as he drily replies, 'An honorable out work, but much too near the citadel.'' Then the inquiry as to the number of his foes and their personnel. Following this the ready concep tion of the counterplot and its instan taneous execution with the premonition of success, again bringing out his savage bitterness, as he apostrophises his enemies — ' Bloodhounds, I laugh at ye 1' The omission 'to reveal the apparently strangled corse of Richelieu to the con spirators (and the audience) somewhat marred tho continuation of this scene. To the following noble lines Mr Sullivan's elocu tion. did the justice they demand. Albeit some what lengthy, we cannot forbear quoting them. Richelieu justifies his course of action as a states man: — Adrion do Mauprat, men hare oallcd me cruel ; I am not; I am just .' -I found Franco rent asunder.— The iich men despots, and tho poor banditti; — Sloth in tho mart, and schiem within the temple ; Brawla festering to rebellion ; and weak laws Hotting away with rust in antique sheaths.— I have re-oroated France ! and from tho ashes Of her old feudal and decropid ca'oaso Civilisation on her luminous wings Soars-=pliajnix-lika— to Jove T— What was my art? Genius some say some Fortnno— VVitchoraft some. Not so; my art -nns Justice ! In two scenes Mr Sullivan failed to produce the startling effect we should have expected. Where he is supposed to draw the imaginary circle of the Church round Julie De Mauprat, he seemed at first scarcely sufficiently deliberate, and after wardR himself lens imDrpssed. as it were, than the awful solemnity implied in the launching of the curses of Rome — the culminating point of passion. The characters seemed to us wrongly placed upon the stage to give the proper emphasis to the spiri tual bulwark he upraises round the threatened Julie. The conclusion of the act was unexception able. His . vengeful challenge to Baradas, ' Avaunt ! my name is Richelieu — I defy thee ! Walk blindfold on ; behind thee stalks the heads man. Ha ! ha ! how pale he is !' Tlien the sudden revulsion — remembering his weakened in fluence, and France's danger from bad councillors, he crics, ' Heaven save my country,' and falls fainting. The other scene less effective than we expected, was the celebrated apostrophe to; the arts of peace, as symbolised by the pen of the scribe. When Francois j placing his hand upon his hilt, reminds Richelieu that, although powerless to wield the sword, he has at his command other weapons, purposely misunuerstunaing nnn, me soldier-priest replies, lifting his pen, — True, This ! — Benoith the rulo of men entirely great, Tho peu Is mightier than tho sword, &e.; The encouraging words to the doubting Francois were given with the force which springs from innate consciousness of this truth : — ' Fail ! in the lexicon of youth, which fate reserves for a bright manhood, there is no such word as fail !' This further illustrates the faith in his own suc cess which was so characteristic of the priest warrior, and which in a great measure ensured its achievement. Added to this was his supersti tious belief in his own invulnerableness — another characteristic in this brilliant compound of contra dictions. The assassin's sword at throat, and the threatthat the next step should be his grave, only draw from him, ' Thou lieBt, knave! I am old, infirm, most feeble — but thou liest ! Armand de Richelieu dies not by the hand'of man — he stars have said it, ? Who dares in Richelieu to murder France ?' One more extract. The sud den revival of the apparently dying minister, so soon as the king in his despair has promised him absolute- power, startles the latter. He queiu loualy comments upon the quickness of the cure. In the Cardinal's reply, it was almost with rapt enthusiasm that Mr Sullivan utters the words, ' Ay, Sire, for in one moment there did pa3s, into this withered frame, the might of France ! My own dear France — I have thee yet — I have saved thee !' Mr Sullivan loir lows very closely throughout the inter : pretation of the character by Macready, who wa3 the original holder of the purt — appearing in it first- in March, 1839, with Helen Faucit as Julie de Morttm'ar, at Covent Garden Theatre. Difficult as it is to take excep tion to Mr Sullivan's performance of Richelieu, we must admit that we prefer his Hamlet. On Saturday, he was more than o ce recalled. We nave uuratsivea uriei spurts lor lurtuer com- ] ment. As the Chevalier de Mauprat, Mr II. N. j Warner was as effective as his voice — over deep ! for.such apart — and his too ponderousstyle, would ! permit. His efforts met the approval of the I audience, who loudly called for his reappearance, j As in Ophel'a, so in Julie de Mortcmar, Miss Gou- 1 genheim was careful, painstaking, but not entirely : effective. Upon some occasions, she rose above her ! habitual mannerism. The Baradas at Mr Ilcoper ' evince too much of the melo-dramatic school. It was not,. howevert altogether without merit. Joseph, a 'part in which there* is ample oppor tunity for ability,' was not' obtrusively objeotiori-' ? able, but that iB saying the most that can possibly | be said for its representative on Saturday. Louis j XIII. was as ignoble an outward appearance as j the dramatist pourtray-6 that monarch to have been in. his disposition. With further practice the com pany may show some improvement; at present we must say that Mr Barry Sullivan is most inade- , quately supported. j Two Very Handsome Nuggets have been found 1 at the Mia Mia Flat since our last issue, and by a , remarkable coincidence, they weigh within a few i grains of e£ch other. One weighing 28 oz 17 dwt was found on Thursday la«t, and sold at the Bank of Australasia; and the other, weighing 28 oz 17 I dwt 6 gr, was found yesterday and sold to the London Chartered Bank. — Talbot Leader, 13th August. Melancholy Accident- — A shocking disaster occurred at M'Culluai's Creek on Wednesday last. It appears from the evidence taken at the inquest held yesterday by Dr Dow, the coroner, that early on Wednesday a man named Allis and his wife were standing on opposite sides of the creek, the former intending to pass acro&s; the water 'to his wife a salting barrel which he had ! oorroweu iruiu a uuiuer ui neignuuruuuu. Allis threw the barrel acrcss the creek as far as his strength permitted, and then directed his wife to hold it with a stick until he could get round to the side where she was standing. The current was run ning rapidly, and before Allis could join his wife the tub had shifted so far as to cause her to lose her balance, and she fell into the water and was drowned. Allis, it appears, was so alarmed that notwithstanding the shrieks of his wife, he made no attempt by entering the water to save her life. About; twenty minutes after several diggers came to the hole, and endeavored, in conjunction with the husband, ' to recover the body ; but in this they were not successful until Detective Lloyd I and Constable Hill had dragged the creek for several hours. The jury brought in a verdict to the effect that the deceased had been accidentally drowned. — Talbot Leader, 13th August. A Lamentable Accident occurred at Beech worth on Thursday afternoon. A person of the name of M'Cluckie was out boating on the mu nicipal reserve with his wife. M'Cluckie lost his hat, and his wife in attempting to save it over reached herself, and fell overboard. M'Cluckie immediately dived into the water to rescue her, but was unable to do so, and both perished. The body of Mrs M'Cluckie was shortly afterwards recovered, but life was quite extinct. There is a great d^al of sympathy felt throughout the dis - trict on aocount of the unfortunate persons being so well known. The body of M'Cluckie had not been found, but partieB were out dragging the reservoir, and no doubt was entertained of finding it. Shameful Neglect op the Dead at Wanga- ratta,. — Our correspondent under date of 13th instant, writes as follows : — A shocking circum- stance has occurred in connection with the death of John Heehan, the discovery of whose remains I reported yesterday. The Rev. C. Docker, on hearing of their discovery on Sunday, immediately wrote to tho Sergeant of Police at Wangaratta, enclosing a statement of account between himself and deceased, and also remitting a cheque to the amount of £13 or £14, and requesting the police to see him buried decently. Mr Ashworth was entrusted with this office, the order being given on Monday morning, but at the time I am writing the body of the unfortunate man, or what re- mains of it, after being exposed te the attacks of birds and beasts of prey for so long a time, is still lying on the banks of the creek. Ashworth makes sundry excuses for not having performed his duties, but there can be no excuse for such con- duct. No blame whatever attaches to the police, who did all in their power to get Heehan interred respectably, and who will very likely have to bring him into Wangaratta themselves now. — Ovens Constitution, 14th August. Supplying Spirits to Unlicensed Sellers. — In a case yesterday, in the Municipal Court, where a refreshment license holder was sum moned by a wine and spirit merchant for spirits supplied, the defendant did not appear, and the Police Magistrate, in giving the verdict by de fault, remarked that he did not intend to follow the practice laid down by a judge in .a recent similar case at Ballaarat, wherein he decided that because' the spirits were supplied for an illegal purpose — the defendant not having a license for vending spirits — the plaintiff was not legally en titled tt- recover. He (the Police Magistrate) thought such decisions would be very unjust, and it was not to be assumed that the plaintiff was aware of the purpose for which even a refresh ment license holder purchased the spirits, more especially if they were in small quantities. — Bendigo Advertiser, August 16. | The long and expensive buit between the Red Jacket and Nelson Companies was finally wound up in the Court of Mines yesterday, when the accounts were adjusted, the money in court divided, and the boundary line signed by the judge on a plan deposited in court. In the settle ment of the accounts it was decreed that the Nel son company should pay tho Red Jacket Company £630 as rent and compensation for certain works executed by the latter company, besides a pre viously decreed sum of £350 for the use of the Red Jacket mpchinery. There was a sum of £1978 0s 4d in court to the credit of the cause, and including £750 previously impounded from the Nelson Company's moiety, 'pending the adjudica tion of the court upon the Red Jacket Company's claim for compensation as mentioned above. In adjusting the accounts in court, however, all Bides, the judge included, treated the £750 as com mon property, but the error being discovered in the course of the day, it was rectified, and the balance decreed to the Nelson Company in crrased to that aincunt. — Ballaarat Mar, 16th August. A Human Salamander — A curious exhibition to all who are not aillicted with delicate ne rves takes place every evening at the corner of the Rue Ville Just and the Avenue de St. Cloud, Paris. In a small field there situated a wooden house, covered with pitch and other combustible matters, ia erected daily, and set fire to at about 8 o'clock each evening. The flumes in the course of a few moments reach a gigantic height ; and when they are most ardent a man jumps into the midst of them, rolls about, and pulls down blazing rafters, which he carries away. Tnis salamander can stay in the fire from five to seven minutes. When he comes out the clothes which enable him to do bo smoke like a steam- engine ; thsy are said to be made of asbestos, covered with sponges imbued in some chemical preparation. He attracts as many spectators as theTouaregs did yesterday at the Hippodrome, where all tlie represented ves of bar barous or savage States aTe invited by the manager when ho wants to have a very crowded house. — Exp: cs t , Sennotypes. — A number of these beautiful pictures are now on view at Mr Frith's rooms. Mil John Drew, tile Comedian. — We see by an American paper that Mr John Drew, who will be remembered by many of our read- rs as a clever actor in Irish characters, died at Philadelphia, on 21st May, from the effects of a very simple acci dent. He was walking across the parlor with a little child inhis arms when he stumbled and fell, striking his head against the wall. Convulsions ensued and he died the following day. The child was not injured. Mr Drew was 35 years of age. When fifteen years old he went to sea. In 1816 he made his first appearance on the stage as Dr O'Toole, at the Bowery Theatre, New York. His success does not seem to have been great, for soon after he took to a seafaring life and made a voyage to India. In 18 18 he visited his native country, Ireland ; again returned to America and kept to the stage to the time of his death. Tetequaphic Progress. — A correspondent of the Morning Post describes a new system of tele prnnhv. Buitable. as he uree.q. for nn Atlantic. telegraph, inasmuch as it provides relays of power under wator, from space to space, by moans of a slow but continuous decomposition of moisture ; bo that the cable becomes statically charged, and is always so charged, and at any time capable of deflecting the needle in un instant. He calls it a 'drinking cable.' Retardation, which has hitherto been the chief obstacle in the way of the long lines, would thus be obviated. Meantime it has been stated by Messrs. Glass, Elliott, and Co., the telegraphic contractors, that, with two trifling exceptions, which can be immediately repaired, every cable made and laid by them amounting to 3577 mile3 in all, containing 5918 miles of insu- ] lated wire, is at the present moment in perfect working order. The question of a telegraph across the Atlantic seems therefore to be now ripe for solution ; and *.ve hope the means for its rea lisation will be forthcoming without delay. . 