EVENING SITTING. The House resumed at seven o'clock. Mr: GREGSON : Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen I believe I left off when the clock struck, at a sentence I should have been very glad to have avoided any reference to. The hon. member for Launceston has alluded to what he calls the "needy, seedy, and greedy," and to that point alone I direct attention. Now the hon. member for Launceston has been one to express a sentiment like this it has been desired that in this year 1862, we should go on calmly, but the hon. member for Launceston has referred to the seedy, needy, and greedy. Now, sir, I really can- not imagine to whom he applies the word " seedy." I am proud to say I am dressed in a very good coat supplied by Mr. Greig. (A laugh,) I am glad to say there is nothing seedy about me. Now to whom does the term "greedy" apply ? Whois greedy on this side of the House ? Now I say the hon. member has placed himself in an awkward position -needy I and greedy ! Now really it is a most painful position to place himself in. I am sorry the hon. member has done so, notwithstanding it was said in this house that he was a bad, wicked man I believe he must have made a great and fatal mis- take when he said " seedy, needy and greedy." I am not in that position; why I am better dressed than he is himself (a laugh). Then, who is the "greedy"? Is it the hon. member who sits on this side ? Who is the greedy member ? Only look at the position in which he places himself. If he had put it in a different way ; if he had said can we look to an intellectual party on that side of the House ? Is there any man on the opposition equal in point of talent, in ability, and equal in moral honesty to the hon. member for Launceston, Mr. Crookes? That would have put it very honestly, and would at once remove the position of " needy, seedy, and greedy." But the hon. member did not put it in that way. It had been said on that side of the House, over and over again, " How can we supply the place of the present ministry ?" (A laugh.) The hon. Chairman of Committees smiles; but that is what has been said, " how could we supply their places?" How is it possible The Premier sits there, and he has told us modestly enough we admit all the modesty (a laugh)-"Where could you find a man equal to myself?" Now, the hon. member for Launceston says, "needy, seedy, and greedy," but sir, the member for Queenborough has gone much further, and if the statement made to this House is correct, I say the House ought at once to confirm it. He looked, and I remember it well, not that I can say be at that moment had had much intelligence in his face (a laugh), but he looked across to this side of the House and said " Where will you find a man to fill the position I hold ?" " There's not one man ; where could you find a man, in the colony ? If you lost me if you lost to, Thomas Daniel Chapman, what a position you would be in !" (Laughter. 1 I assert that was distinctly said in this House. And now hon. member for Launceston talks of " needy, seedy, and greedy." Now. who are "the needy, seedy, and greedy ?" I directly tell you, the hon. member himself, the member for Queenborough, for never shall I call him the Premier, unless as a piece of sarcasm. "seedy and greedy;" that's painful and offensive. I don't like those petty things; but-but to-morrow, Sir, will develop a state of things which will bring the matter to an issue. I desired on this occasion to come, if possible to an amicable understanding, but then we have this .' needy, seedy, and greedy ;" but we shall not be able to come to a compromise at all. I should say a man of a nice religious spirit ; a fine moral feeling ; a man of nice social sentiment, could propose some means or other to conciliate, so as to advance the interests of Tasmania, so that something like progress may be made. Would it not have been delightful to have heard of his preaching peace ; it would have been delightful to my ear, but you see, to the contrary, the first step taken in this House during this meeting is by one preaching humility, kindness, one having the spirit of temperance, the first trumpet blown is to be "needy, seedy, and greedy" and the hon. member talked about cutting the painter; I don't intend to cut the painter, I have never forgotten that, and you the member for Launceston-I shall never forgot you proposed to cut the painter ; yes, cut the painter, and we'll go adrift I and never let it be forgotten that the hon. member for Launceston said .' We'll cut the painter" ! Will you indeed, and a pretty sort of cut the hon. member would make. Very well I and the hon. member has now told us the " needy, seedy, greedy" are the men who desire to displace the ministry. I ask the hon. member to get up in his place and say who are the seedy men, the needy men, and the greedy men I ask him to place the public in a fair position and say at once honestly-for he professes to be an honest man. I call on him, and demand of him to point at sales are " the needy, seedy, and greedy." Moro offensive language could not have been used by an hon member, and I am willing to believe he used it unadvisedly, and that he was not at the time under the influence of the Holy Ghost when he used expressions calculated to excite angry feeling. The first man who has thrown the apple of discord and a nice little thing that is to roll about (a daughters hon. member for Launceston, Mr. Crookes. I am sorry he was not assisted by his friend Swain, and Mr. -I beg pardon the member for Launceston, what is his name? Then we should have had a power that could not have stood against the present ministry; he looks over to me with a benign expression of countenance, and he can look with no other ; he looks at me as if I were disposed to say unkind things of him but he has brought it on himself when he said "needy, seedy, and greedy." Let him rise up and say under what circumstances members on this side desire to displace the ministry. I declare that all the ironmongery in Tasmania, or the rum, gin, and brandy you import, would not induce me to take office; and I know not one man on this side who desires to take it all the members on this side desire peace. good government, and order, as the hon. member said what we want is a government of honest men, and not hypocritical, canting scoundrels, wicked men, men who perjure themselves in courts of justice; those are not the men who should hold high places. I am determined after forty years : I know you the member for Launceston have been here a long time since the period of that highly respectable gentleman with whom you have been associated but I have been fighting for the colony for forty years, and I am determined if I can, by any possibility, to advance the interests of Tasmania, I shall do so, and as certain as the Premier sits in that chair he shall be reduced to absolute nothingness. You may smile, but by the living God (Order.) Mr. CROOKES : I rise to order, and I hope this blasphemy will not be permitted. The SPEAKER: I think the expression used by the hon. member is irrelevant. Mr. T. G. GREGSON: Blasphemy! I hope it's not blasphemy ? What does the hon. member for Launceston, the Reverend Mr. Crookes (laugh) call blasphemy ? Have I spoken blasphemy ? What do you mean, Sir, by blasphemy ? (Order.) The SPEAKER You must not address 'the hon, member. Mr. CROOKES-I call the attention of the Speaker and the house to the language of the hon. member for Richmond, as highly indecorous, and highly improper, The SPEAKER I have already said it was irrelevant, Mr. G IlEGSON-Blasphemy The SPEAKER said it was irrelevant. Mr. HENTY - Should not the hon. member take his seat when he is called to order? Mr. GREGSON What did you say ? (Order.) What did the hon. member say 1 deny a man in this House to say what he did say. (Order.) The SPEAKER : I must rule that the hon. member is not in order in addressing a member personally ; the hon. member for George Town is not compelled to repeat what he said. Mr. GREGSON.-Tl|o Maori language is not so difficult : may I ask what he said Mr. HENTY.-All I said is in the remarks I made sir, to you. that the hon. member should take his seat. The SPEAKER. All the hon. member said was that the hon. member for Richmond was standing when he was called to order, Mr. GREGSON.-Ho has come from George Town to say that ! He has travelled the great distance of one hundred and forty miles to say that, The SPEAKER called the hon. member to order, and Mr. GREGSON then resumed his seat. Dr. BUTLER said he should be prepared to admit the argument of the hon. member for Devon that it was desirable in the present state of the colony, that they should hear from hon. Colonial 'Treasurer- the statement of Ways and Means,' At the same time he could not forget that the usual custom in the English Parliament was that those who had the responsibility attached to office, when great questions were at issue before the country, were allowed to fix the time for bringing for wild the consideration of those questions. That was almost the first case on record in which they found the ministry, that had the seal of confidence of the house imparted, had been refused permission to fix a day on which they proposed to discuss a most important question, and members of the House were well aware that some members had had no opportunity of being in their places, and he could not think any thing injurious to the country would result from a week's delay. He endorsed what had been advanced by the hon. member for Devon, that the ministry of the country had nothing to do with the votes put forward by independent members (hear, hear.) They were responsible for making the Ways and Means for the expenditure of the country, but not to find Ways and Means for every crochet of members desirous to serve their districts, and by that means to secure popularity. Mr. ARCHER, in explanation, wished to correct an impression as to what he had said; he meant to say, not that the hon. Colonial Treasurer should promote a discussion on the Ways and Means, but that the hon. Colonial Treasurer's statement should be before the country; and that after that a day should be fixed for discussing it. The question that " All the business now before the House be postponed until the Colonial Treasurer shall have laid his Ways and Means before the House," was then put and passed. The PREMIER moved that the House do now adjourn. PRIVILEGE. Mr. ABBOTT, before the House adjourned, complained that certain returns, ordered by the House on the 24th October, as to disbursements for printing had not been produced, and that he apprehended was a question of privilege. He also called attention to some correspondence between Mr. C. W. Hall and the Colonial Treasurer, as to the government advertisements not having been inserted in the Advertiser, according to contract, at 3d. per inch, whereas advertisements had been inserted in the Mercury at Is. 6d. per inch. The Colonial Treasurer had not answered the letter of Mr. Hall, nor had the Premier answered a letter addressed to Win on the same subject. The COLONIAL TREASURER said there was no objection to furnish returns, and the returns in question would be produced, most likely to-morrow. As to the correspondence, 1 the advertisement he believed belonged to the municipality of Oatlands, and was not a matter of contract on the part of government. The matter had been referred to Mr. Forster, the Returning Officer, who, however, was absent from town. Mr. ABBOTT said it would be found that it was a government advertisement. The Speaker being appealed to said no doubt the ministry should attend to the orders of the House. THE ADJOURNMENT. Mr. HORNE asked the Colonial Treasurer at what time he would be prepared to make his statement of Ways and Menus The COLONIAL TREASURER hoped to be in a position to reply to the question to- morrow. Mr. HORNE urged that they had better adjourn to the time when the Colonial Treasurer would be prepared to make his statement. Mr. ALLISON concurred. The PREMIER said when the House met to-morrow his hon. friend the Treasurer would be prepared to fix a day. Mr. DODERY spoke of the hardship of members being kept in town. The TREASURER said before Tuesday he would be unable to submit his measures, but he would on Tuesday be prepared to make his financial statement or to declare the intentions of the ministry. Mr. SHERWIN deprecated delay, and referred to the hardship on country members being kept in town unnecessarily. Mr. HORNE rose to order, as the hon. member was discussing what the House had already determined. _ Mr. SHERWIN said it seemed that the difficulty rested entirely with the hon, the Colonial Treasurer but if the hon. member would bring forward his Ways and Means to-morrow why should the House adjourn ? (Mr. Horne-Ho says Tuesday). Well it hinged upon that but it was a very great hard- ship to him, in his position, and it was equally painful and difficult to other hon. members from the country. What had they come down for there except to remain in Hobart Town seven or eight days longer, and instead of doing this. why could they not go on with the public business.? Mr. HORNE rose to order, as the hon. member for Selby was speaking to a point which had been already decided. Mr. ARCHER coincided. Mr. ABBOTT said there could be no discussion on a point of order. The SPEAKER did not think the last speaker out of order, as the question was whether the House should adjourn. Mr. ABBOTT remarked that the hon. member for Selby had got up and explained in very strong terms. (Order.) The hon. member for Selby (Mr. Sherwin) had complained of the hard- ship which the country members labored under, but the hon. member ought to put the blame of this on the proper shoulders. Who was to blame but those in front of the hon. member for Selby. The ministers had had 18 months allowed them to decide upon their policy, and here they were in 1802 without the Ways and Means, and all the Government now said was, time, time. Mr. ARCHER remarked that the House was placed in a very difficult position, and hon. members from the other side of the country complained of hardship, but perhaps the hon the Colonial Treasurer might alter his determination and bring forward his Ways and Means before Tuesday. Knowing as he did the ability of the Colonial Treasurer, and the grant aptitude for public business of the hon. the Premier, he (Mr. Archer) must say he felt greatly disappointed that the Government were not prepared to state to the House at once their project for raising the Ways and Means, as he thought they had had ample time to prepare their financial scheme, and he thought the statement of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer that he should not be able to state the Ways and Means before Tuesday a very strong argument for the opposite side in support of the proposition they made a short time ago. He would not say. he would vote for such a proposition but, knowing the ability of the hon, the Colonial Treasurer he thought that the hon. member should have been prepared with his statement of Ways and Means, and he (Mr. Archer) must say that he felt dis- appointed that the hon. member was not prepared to do so. The COLONIAL TREASURER in explanation said that he regretted the tone in which the hon, member (Mr. Archer) had addressed the House, considering past circumstanced, and that hon. member's recent connection with the Government, as he (the Colonial Treasurer) could not but feel that there was a want of generosity in the tone of the hon. member's address. The SPEAKER did not think the hon. member for Devon had gone beyond the question before the House. The COLONIAL TREASURER said there were certain members of the government at present absent from town, and nothing affecting the position of the government could be arrived at before their return. " Mr. ARCHER had not heard this reason assigned before, or if he had he should not certainly have made some of the remarks which he had done, Mr. CHAPMAN said that it was his duty to move that the House adjourn to A o'clock to-morrow, and he trusted that he should then be in a position to state to the House the course the government intended to pursue, and it would only be fair to the government that the House only adjourn to four to-morrow. The SPEAKER asked the hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Horne) if he withdraw his motion. Mr, HORNE could not consent to the withdrawal of the motion, for if all the business on the paper were postponed until the finance statement of the Colonial Treasurer was made, what would be the use of meeting to-morrow? Show him the use of it if they could. Mr. ARCHER reminded the hon. member that a ministerial statement would be made to-morrow. Mr. HORNE did not want to drive the Government to make a statement to-morrow. He said this in all honesty and candour, if the Colonial Treasurer would not be prepared to make his statement until Tuesday, and it appeared to him that it would but be just and fair to adjourn the House until that day, but he by no means wished to drive ministers into a corner for his object was to do nothing but in a fair way, If the Colonial' Treasurer would not be prepared before Tuesday he again asked what was the use of coming there before The hon. member Selby seemed to think the adjournment would be a hardship on the country members, but it would be a hardship on the town members too, although it was harder on country members, but the hardship must be borne, and he thought they had better adjourn to Tuesday next, MESSAGES FROM THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL, The. beat, the COLONIAL SECRETARY and the Hon. Mr. ARCHER brought up messages from the Legislative Council agreeing without amendments, to the "Officers of Parliament Bill," and the " Governor's Salary Bill." Mr. CHAPMAN moved for the House do now adjourn. House divided. . Ayes 12. e, Noes 9 ' ~ Col. Treasurer ' Mr. Horne , Mr. Chapman Perkins ' Synnott C. Meredith Henry Adams Archer Abbott W Dodery Allison Sharland Hodgson . Sherwin Gregson Kermode Kilburn (teller). ' Crookes Butler Maclanachan (teller). The House adjourned at 810 to 4 to-morrow (this day). 