Gvuuo us M1iminoi.--Among tho curiosities exhibited in tho last Paris exposition, anm pro ulised for ours, was i huge concnvo mirror, the instrument of a startling species of optical magic. On standing close to the mirror, and looking into it, it prosents nothing but a Inag nificantly nioustrous disseotion of your own physiognomy. On retiring a little, say a couplo of foot, it gives your own fieo ,and liguro in true proportion, but reversed, the haud downwards. Most of the spectators, ignorant of anything else, observe those two effects, and pass on. But retire still further, standing at tirhe distance of five or six feet from the mirror, anid behold, you see your self, not a reflection-it does not strike you as a reflection-but your veritable self, standing in the middle parIt between you and the mirror. The effect is aihnost appalling, from the idea it suggests of something super natural ; so startling, in fact, that men of the strongest nerves will shrink involuntarily at tihe first views. If you raise your cane to thrust at your other self, you will see it pass clean through the body and appear on the other side, the figure thrusting at you the saume instant. The artist who first succeeded in fashioiinie a mirror of this description brought it to one of the French kings --ifwe recollect aright, it was Louis X.V.-placed his nlajesty on theoright spot, anti bade him draw Iris sword and thrust at the figure he saw. The King did so ; but, seeing the point of a sword directed to his own breast, threw down his weapon and ran away. This practical joke cost the inventor the King's patronage arnd favour; his Majesty being so ashamed of his own cowardice that he could never again look in the mirror or at its owner.-Field. Cmr L'rtrtr CloAits.-Messrs. iRuppin, of Conness-street, Chiltern, turned out the other day the first thoussand cigars made in the Murray district. We understand they have purchased several hIndred-weight of tobacco, grovwn in the neighbourhood, whichl is to be worked up for' local consrumption. We trust that in a year or two we shall be independent in tobaccos of Melbourno and America. Ovens Tribune. QUANTITY O?' FOOD FOR OxEN.--F"eI' quent observations have shown that an ox will consume two per cent. of his weight of hay per day to maintain his condition. If put to moderato labour, an increase of this quiantity to thiree per cent. will enable him to Iterfsorrm his woerk, and still maintain his flesh. If hi is to be fittoneI, lie requires about four and a-half per cent. of his weight daily in nutritious food.-Scientilie American. WrtHAT THOSE MAY n"XPI']CT WHlO TELL TiEt TlrnUTrl.-A quaint writer, now almost fiorgotten, said:-" If I might give a short hint to tin impartial writer it would be to tell his fate. If he be resolved to venture upon the dangerous precipice of telling unbiassed truth, let him proclaim war with mannird-' neither to give nor takoe qartor. If' lie tells the crimes of the great men, they fall upon him with the iron hands of the law. If he tells' them of virtues when they have any, then the mob attacks them with slander, Buit if he regards truth, let him expect martyrdom on both sides, and then he may go on fearless; and this is the course I take to myself." ON TIIE ADULTIRATION OF SEDnns is the title of a little work recently published in .England being i relprint of a prize essay whliclh appeared in vol. 22, uart I., of the journal of the Royal Agricultural Society. l'he oiejoct was to expose the system of ridril terasting seeds, which, unfortunately, is carried on to a very great extent. The author corn nonces by putting forward two important truths, which ought to act as a general guide s to all flrmers. The one is, that goods offered below tire current market price must, as a rule, be either of inferior stook, dlamaged, or adulterated, and that of coarse it is unwseise a for a 'grower to buy such seeds, as the penny gaineds in price must be a pound lost in the crop. It is lamnentable to think hows syste- I matically the adulteration is carried on. WVith clover, old seeds are brushed and t rubbed up by machinery, and some colouring I matter applied to give i puriple hlie Whiteo clover is coloured to resembrlo alsike. Old trofoil undergoes the sulphurous bleaching and brushing process. Foreign clover is full of parasite seeds. Rye-grass is mixed with heated and badly-conditioned seed. With sainfoin are usually found the spurious seeds of common brome-grass and, burnet. Turnip andt rape, and all seeds from which oil may be extracted, keep their vitality for a numbe?r of years; but they are adulterated with dead seeds, and dressed up with vegetable oil; anti mangold also undergoes the same process. Besides all these various dishonest practices, which must be carried out evidently on a wholesalo scale from the use of marchinery, the seed is liable to careless and accidental adulteration, and, as a rule, foreign seed is more tampered with than homne-grown. Here is a catalogue of evils suflieiently appalling. The tarmoer's only hope is in the respecta bility and character of the seeodsman; and fortunately, in this country, thern are r many. to be relied upon. The grand rule, however, is to avoid all merely cheap articles.---Theo Fitold. CaRnoTs. AND PoTATOES.--Wo weare a few days ago shawn carrots weighing eight pounds each, and silver-shin potatoes of a good ordinary size; the latter being the produce of .seed planted tchree months ago. Both were grown at East Brighton, where the soil is very sandy, and nattrally very poor', but-capable of producing anything if well manrretl. We understard that these pro duots represent the fourth crop talkeon from the same land within a twelvemonth. If we suppose thaSt each carrot required two square feet of ground, such a crop, on one acre, wouli amount to eighty-seven tons. As carrots, for stock-feeding purposes, are wosrth at least two or threeoo pounds per ton, our fitrmors and gardeners may linoerv what is the value of even sandy soil when plenty of manuroe is applietl.-Yaeoman. ])mnNKING USAIes ASMONO TIlE SOUTII rnN?ns.--A Neow York paper gives the following description of Southern drinidng: Among oommunities of heavy drinkers stricture of the whisky barrel is a very for midable disorder. In the Southorn States all the occupations of lifo, trivial or momentous, are I'prefaced with a "'T'om and Jerry," and concluded with a "tickleo my eye." A man can hardly bid his neighbour good morning without Ibracing hus nerves and clearing his articulation with a "stoneo fence." No corn field Marshal IHayrnan thin(s of " walloping hiis nigger" witlhout first strengthening his arm and purpose with the exhilirating cock tail, the od'oros juhlp, or the invigorating "atod." Thle adtvocate, before beginning his plea, establishes relays of agile contrabands between the court room and the nearest bar, and blazes throuigh his haranguen tite central sun of a system of revolving tumblers. The judgtlO tlakes in Iris alcoholic, Ieforo deliverinig Iis judicial chargeo. When a elsprit is antonceld, bench, bar, anti jury retire, and take a drink with the condemnedt clinking glasses solemnly nall' roundi, after whlich ceremony they have usually acquired sufllcient fortitude to "stand anothor" which is stood. The physician feels tho pulse of his patient with one hand and stirs t is toddy with the other. Ruin rules the \- court, the camp, the grove. Before turning in the men take night caps, before turning , out eye-openers. They drink to provoke I appetire and to allay hunger, to promote awartth annd to abate it, they heighten the exhiliration of triumph and allay the irritation ) of discomfiture by taking " heavy goes." The man who draws the first prize in a lottery solemnly drinks the health of the man who Shas spent his last shilling and drawn a blank. It is to this improving and beneficent custom that we are indebted, in good part, for the I hmane social code which prevails at the ssouth. It has had a large hand in bringing her to her present coeilition of affluence, dig nit, anti honor. She has been very I e'ipey" for something more than a genera tion, and has in that time turned out more nlion-lcartedl street assassins than any territory of her size and age in the universe. STORY 03' A CIINEI?Sr SWINDLEIt.--At one I of the consular ports, a class of men, called in the local dialect Kuong Kong, " bare stick," who get their living by their wits, obtaining money ntnd property by falseo pretences, are very numerous and very clover. A goodi story is told of a swindler of this class, who had miade up his mind to obtain some silks or satin from a certain shop in the south street of tile city. lie approached ian old woman whom lie found in the streets, and saluted her as his aunt, expressing great i Joy at seeing her again after so many years. Ife wondered what had been her fortune since t he had lost sight of her a long while ago, I exhibited great sorrow to Fee her in her t present condition, rand invited her to go homeo with him, whoro lie would provide for her. The hug knew that she was not his aunt; but, I thinking that I)her fortune would be bettered, and perceiving that he was a well-dressed I gentlemanly lookling man, at once accepted t his offer, calling hitm her nephew, and seem- s ing very glad to see him once more. So she l threw away her beggar's staff, bag, andt bowl, and entered the sedan which her e "naelphew" called, and they started oiff.l .Thay soon stopped before an umbrella shop, while her nephew selected an umbrella, on the haadle of which he had his (professed) name I neatly carved. As he said lie happened to f have nothing but largo bills with him, the ¶ shopkeeper could do no better than send a boy along with the gentleman up the street for s the chLange, for the man's name was carved on the handle, rendering' it an unsaleable o article. Thus the lad, tho sedan with the I beggar woman, and the swindler, passed on together on the street till they came to the silk and satin shop. Th obearers of theo sedan r and the umbrella lad were ordered to wait at I the door, while the other went in to purchase some goods. 1He selected two pieces, and after the prices were fixed, requested permis- I sion to take them away for a moment to con sult with a fi'iend about them. The shop keeper, recollecting that his servant (as they took the lad to lie) and sedan with a lady in- a side, were waiting at the door, at once con sented, and lie took off the silk and satin, pro- p mising to be back promptly. After a while the shopkeeper began to feel uneasy in regard to li the result, and at length spoke to the lad at the door about his " master." The p latter said he was not his master, but had bought an umbrella at his master's shop, and had requested him to accompany 1 him home for the pay. This account did not dissipato the shopkteeper's suspicions, but lie t remembered that the sedan was still at his t door, and the gentleman would surely be c hack for the lady. After waiting a long i time, he ventured to break through the rules t of politeness, impatiently lifted up the curtain - or screen of the sedan, and of course saw nothing but an old beggar woman inside. On being questionoed, she told her story in ] great anger. The plot was exploded, but too late. The fellow was nowhere to le found. Thel shopkeeper lost his rich goods, the boy went home without pay for the umbrella, and the sedan-bearers were cheated out of their hire for carrying the rogueo's "aunt; " butt above all, the beggar-woman mourned the loss of her staff, bag, and bowl. A GuosT riao't PunaA'ronY.--A Lime rick pritest recently suggested the followingi practical method of answering an appeal from purgatory by a ghost:--" A woman in the county Limericc, not fin' from Emily, buried lher husband a few months ago. A knock came to the dloor some night last month. She asked who was there. A hollow voice, answered 'I am your husband, whoa you buried, and I am very miserable in purgatory till my debts are paid. Sell tie two pigs you have, and he sure to have the money for me on such a night when I call.' The poor woman dlid as lie required, and'felt happy at being able to mieot hiis request, whether throuigh fear or love (as he appnared with his sLroudi and pale thece). Between the first and second visit of the ghost, the poor woman went and told her story to the priest; heI told lher it was all very good6 , but at the same time to have two policemen in the house when she would hbe giving the money. Accordingly, after getting the money, the purgiitorial and shrouded ghost came, and was arrested by the police and lodgedt in Limeriok gaol, thttro to untldergo a little more purgatory till his trial comes on. This ghiost turns out to be a neighbotr, who is godfather to one of her chiltren." A Sc0sn IN COUaT..'-WO have daily some odd scene or the other ii our police-courts. At Guildhall an Irishman who refiused to give his name antl address, but was described as a labourer, was placed at the bar before Alder man Phillips, charged with breaking the win I dow belonging to fMr. West, a goldsmith and jewellert, of Ludgato IIill, and stealing thore I from eight gold Albert chains value £20. I The prisoner when placed in the dock began Ieowling in a most fearful manner, but oni a overhearing an observation made to tlhe oficters, tlttt sach conduact would procure himn a heaivier punishment, hlie discontinued his noisy Svagaries, and after a short silence commencetl in a meirry st'rain, andt sang lwhat appotred to io hhis fThvourite national nil', " Eritn-go J Brngl," to tie great amusement of a crowded a court. After hIe had sung abott eight or nine verses, ind all eth'rts to silence him hadl I Iproved abortive, hle was ortlered back to the a cells, whero he was hneardl finishing his song, ; and tile case was piroceeded with in his absence. After some preliminary evildence iwas taken, lie was remandeld for farther inquilry into his haoraetoer.--Lonldol corres Iendent of the Sinigapore F?reo Press. ''Tit. Sport, whiolt is tile journal patronisedi \- by the clubs itnd by young 'France, atnouncos Sthe immediate extinction of the white neook cloth. It is singularly bitter against this ad mitted portion of the dress toilet. It seems that the young men of fashion will not go to parties where this part of the costume is indispensablc, and many of the patronesses of high circles have given in to the decision.. It appears that a lady of high distinction, who " has the reputation of making the most elegant curtsey in Europe after the Queen Victoria, " excited the risible faculties of one of the most aristocratic assemblies, by offering a most gracious specimen of her talent to the white-necked butler, whom she mistook for the master of the house. A fisktionable journal dtwells upon this contlretecmI s as quite a sufllicient reason for the abandonment of the detestable white, and the substitution of rose or pink silk.-Field. Paul Delmoche's celebrated picture of Maria Antoinette led to Execution has been enurchased for the enormous' sum of £32,000 by a wealthy -London brewer. RAN?oa RrIiAINo s.--TIE VIGII-DONE. -A love.lorn swain broke a wish-bone with his " heart's queen," somewhere up in New HIampshire. " Neow, what do wish, Sally ? " demanded Jonathan, with a tender grin of expectation. "I wish I was handsome," replied the fair damsel, " handsome as Queen Victory." "Jer-ru-sa-lem ! what a wish," replied Jonathan, " when you're handsome 'nuff neow. But I'll tell you what I wish, Sally ; I wish you was locked in my arms, and the key was lost." A GooD AiPP'TwriT.-" My dear," said au naf'ectionato wife to her husband, who had been sick for several days, " when you were well, you were in the habit of eating twelve dumplings, now that you are sick, how many shall I make you? " " Well," replied the husband, " I reckon you nmay make eleven to day ; but be particular and make them a little larger thain usual." Theo wife obeyed. When tie husband had eaten eleven, with the ex ception of half a one, his little son, a lad of six sumnners, came up to him and said, " Daddy, give me a little piece." " Go away, sonny," replied the fathler, "your poor clad's sick." Mlas. PAInTINOTON IN ILL HTEALTII. "La, me," sighed Mrs. Partington, " hero have I been sufferin' the begamnies of death for three mortal weeks. Fust, I was seized with a painful phrenology in the left hamp nhire of the brain, which was exceeded by a stoppage of the left ventilator of the heart. l'This gave me an inflamnmation in the borax, and now I'm sick with the choloroform mor bus. 'T'here is no blessin' like that of health, particularly when you're sick." "Ochl, an' what's yer honor agoin' to give me, seein' as it's myself that saved yer honor's hlouse from turnin' to ashes intirely ? " " How so, Pat? " " An' sure, when it cotched afire, wasn't I the sicond one that hollered fire first ? " A poor w'oman was relating to a neigh. bouor how fond her husband was of having a good fire; how busy he would ma'ke him self in fixing it so that it would burn. " 01b, poor dear man," she continued, "I hope he's gone to a place whore they keep good fires." A provident Irishman is going to get his life insured, " so that when he dies he can have something to live on, and not be de pendent on the cold charities of the world as he once was." PUT'TrNO' Trn QUESTION.--" Sally, don't I lilke you? " "La, Jim, I reckon so." "But don't you know it, Sally. Don't you think I'll tear the eyes out of any tom cat that dares to look at you for a a second ? " " I spect you would." " Well, the fact of it is, Sally, i - " ".Now, don't, Jim; you're too suddun." "And, Sally, I want you to " Don't say anything more now; I will - " " But it must ibe done imme diately; I want you to - " " Oh, hush! Don't, don't say any more - " "I want you to-night to get - " "What, so soon; oh! no, impossible I Father and mother would be angry at me." "IHow? be mad for doing me such a favour as to m---" "Yes, dear mol Ott what a feelingl" " But there is some mistake ; for all I want you to do is to mend my trowsors." Sally could hear no more. She throw up her arms, and screaming hysterically, fainted away as dead as a log. SNesw COLONY ALDBI?RTLAND, New ZEALAND. We find iin the European Times, of May 26, the fhllowing paragraph, relative to ia new colony in New Zealand:-" - In a few days a large body of emigrants will leave our shores en masse to found a new colony in New Zealand, which will be named after and in honor of the late illustrious consort of our Queen. T'ho first iunstnlment, numbering nearly one thousand persons, will includo in its ranks members of nearly every class of society and of various religious denominations. Among these are ministers of religion, lawyers, schoolmasters; a printer, with presses and type for it newspaper; medical meni, shopkeepers, tradeomen, melchnics, lhrm laboorero domestic servants, neoielowuomen, &c.;"-E-.mpire, Cooiim I'eTITio . a ;nom QUmN?nsLAnD.-W0 are given to understaund that the petition to hIer gracious Majesly the Queen, praying that tier sanction may be wilthold from the proposed introduction of coolies into Queenslandt, lhas already received upwards of eight hiundtred signatures. We notice that a public mnoetiog is to be hold in Drayton this evening, to protest againlst tihe introduction of coolies and Chinamen; andt thus one English mail after another willconvey the intelligence to our mother-ouuntry that the grouid and scope for labour is still vacant. One of the largest andi most niumerously attended meetins thiat hiave taket place iu Ipvawich was held il the hnall of tihe School of Arts in that town, on Saturday evening hlast, to consitder andi adopt a petition againloet the introduction of coolie laibonr into Quoonsland. The meeting was convened by the Mayor, antl his worship occupied the chair. We are not, in consequence of an nacident, in a position to publish the resolutions that were passed, aand the potilion that was adlopteld; but the prinilpnl speakers, we understand,, were Dr. Clallinor, and MIessrs. O'Sullivan and 13. Cribb, M,L.A. - Queensland paper. SNieno . LAnoul.--Tle following strango schemo for finling a hiomo for the slaves liberated from the Soutlern States of America hsas ben forwarded to us (Nortl Austiralian) by a corrcpondeull. It is extrauted from the San Francisso ,vening flulletin, andi places the colonisation of North Australia in a new llght. lowcver desirabls it may be for is to talto thie place eif Itho Soatlherii Stlacos as a coaton. exporling country, we scarcely thintk theo Igift of their emaniuipated slaves imoull be an taddition to our populatlion to be tiail tfil for:-"Editor Bualletin, Tllo writer ian your issuleo of thie 24th February, of 'A ilan to abolish slavery, coanistitutionally,' in - toriotd tliat iis view o uptn iti libcratoln of tiie lanus olf tile Soullorn Stlates may be consit00deraly aidtel by the inufornltioa-wl.icti I g Tarnntea is relndlo--lthnt tIe goverllnent of the norlhseri par. lalo ofe the Asiralianl cnilteia, hiiesl toi as Qoicuis laun, will gine cilloiyinti to naouot 5000,000 negroes, at £21 (105 dilllars) per anmani, witlh fooit and it ucelliog-wiuh cerinuii cmployment for lieu or more year,, tlr his lurarso eof growliug ulloto, nsw ivmre duiicedl initi that new nund rich portioii of tli ceuut lluutt. liea, or uipiiii wiiit sulhorily ha Inaita ithis stst-. neiit.-- MIl.) hSoan, tlso, tiheir services woull lie ii dtaid for raising lstnaeeo, rice, iugonr fromi tie :nli,, tiorgbun, &n0.;, Ierditig slhe1, s alil Ie lbtolrero ill tile vinieyirl nniiel olice mIlstatiolns. Theu clihnal of tim northern porlion of Australla Is sdnmlably oulted to tha Aftcican raco, while all iho rich fruito of the tropics grow spontaneouslr E, roan should take his wife along wih hnim, 'htre Is would find a happy home, moderato Iur' ere Le., aud protection both to life and liberty. is he l'" happiness, and personal comfort would a ( L, general rule) be cared for by his employpi , ald lit plot of ground wouol afford him ample rerea iono • the raising of fruits, vegetubles, flower, tna chickens. Some few young women would find 1,n1 ployment as nursegirls, chambe,rmaids, &c;, Thal Divine Providence seems at Ihis time to haove o.?t up a new field for the relief of the oppressed of th Southl.--S." 