A Frenchman on English Women. The Paris correspondent of the Morning Post has had another letter written to him by his French friend in London : — I am going to write on a subject, my good friend, which Mrs. M—— says she cannot imagine how I can be so silly about, and she keeps on repeating the English word ' non- sense."— I mean the beautiful women of England. Is that nonsense ? I hate that word nonsense. On one or two occasions, when I have used ami- able words to a beautiful English girl, she has exclaimed, ' Oh ! nonsense, Monsieur Auguste !' I repeat that I hate that word. Let me at start- ing confess that I believe the women of England and Ireland to be the most physically beautiful in the world. The mixing of the various groups of mankind, who have from time to time landed on these islands, together with the dampness of the atmosphere, which favors a fair complexion, are united accidents which have combined in pro- ducing beautiful forms, great variety in the color of the flesh, hair, and eyes, and regular features. In the print shop windows of London there are now displayed several portraits of the beauties of the Court of Queen Victoria. What varied and striking lovliness between the Duchess of Man- chester and Lady Constance Grosvenor, and yet how both are inexpressibly beautiful. Can any one help loving such angelic humanity? Mrs. M—— may call them 'nonsense,' des sottises, des bitises or whatever she means ; but for a Frenchman these ladies are sublime. There is often a pathos, a sentiment in the English female face which is very attractive. And mind you, it is not in the Court circles only that this beauty is found. I am going to confess a little incident which occurred to me only yesterday as an illustration of the prevalence of beauty in all classes. They strange to say, in a city so black and smoky, caused their female servants to paint with a pure white mixture the stone immediately outside the street doorway of the house, and precisely where an iron machine is placed to clean the mud from your boots. As I was proceeding to the exhibi- tion I saw a lady (I call her a lady because she looked like one in the face) on her knees perform- ing this whitening process. I wish to state that that female domestic was perfectly beautiful. You might live in Paris or in Vienna for a week nnd not meet with such a complete beauty. Dark brown hair, blue eyes, such a skin, such arms, my Gallic emotions almost tempted me to speak to her — to take her from that humble condition of life, educate her, and wed her to some hand- some man for the propagation of the beautiful. Of course Mrs. M—— would call this 'non- sense.' Ah ! it is nevertheless, a land of female beauty. The men doubtless, often look stupid, but they are not so. I have no interest at all in men. As regards the dress of the fair daughters of Albion, I think it is a little improved since '51, but there is much to be done before they will ap- proach the good taste which belongs especially to France. Englishwomen have no idea of the pro- per combination of colors. They do not pur- chase a bonnet, or a shawl, or a dress, calculating what will go well together; they do not study harmony of colors, or decide happy contrasts. They buy each portion of their toilet without de- sign, study, or reference to articles of toilette al- ready in their wardrobe. Another detraction, the practice of buying cheap " chiffons," cheap silks, finery, is universal. Even a lady will put on sham lace, and sham furs. The more humble classes will not dress as such, but robe themselves in cheap silks, and wear cheap flowers in their bonnets. All women in England try to dress alike— cheap, showy toilettes, — always in bad taste. An English young lady does not walk or move about a ' saloon' with the ease and grace of our own countrywomen ; they are better edu- cated, however, are more independent in their manner, have more self-reliance, speak more what they think, and yet, when married, they have much less influence over their husbands than in France. Let me see how I can best give you an idea of the occupation of an English lady, the daughter of "a gentleman." Mrs. M— — 't Mary Augusta is, I should think, about twenty. I find her in the morning, after breakfast, writing letters. Then, later, she reads fashionable romances, which, just now, are roman- tic histories of the clergy ; a little later she is at the pianoforte singing a German or Spanish song. The young ladies of London will learn to sing in all languages— why, I know not — it is the fashion. Later in the day she is at a flower show or a concert wherever there are most milords and miladies. In England there are people who will pay to be in the same room with the fashionable aristocracy. A ride or drive in the park, dinner, and a ball, or the Italian Opera, close the day as in other civilised cities. I have now told you what I think of the lovely ladies amongst whom I have the happiness to live just now. I like them — ah! I love them ? I hope I may say this without being offensive. I think their education is more honest than that of the girls in France—they make more true women in England than we do. There is something to learn, however, on both sides ; and ho ! that French parents had as pretty children, not for our snakes, my good friend, but for those who will come after us. Will you say " nonsense," too ?" ===== Exceptional Organization of the Sexes. — No doubt there are exceptional organizations in both sexes ; and these exceptions are likely to be- come more numerous in proportion as civilization grows more complex and artificial. There are men who, from defective instincts, or from abnor- mal cerebral development, or from engrossing de- votion to some jealous and exclusive pursuit, pass through life alike undisturbed by the passion and unsoftened by the sentiment of love. To a few, celibacy is a necessity; to a few, probably, a natural and easy state ; to yet fewer, a high vo- cation. There are women, though we believe they are more rare than any other natural ano- mallies, who seem utterly devoid of all the fibre féminin, to whom Nature never speaks at all, or at least speaks not in her tenderest tones. There are others too passionately fond of a wild inde- pendence to be passionately fond of any mate ; and to such, single life may spare the endurance and the infliction of such misery. There are some who seem made for charitable uses ; whose heart overflows with all benevolent emotions, but the character of whose affection is rather diffusive than concentrated — ideal old maids — old maids ab ovo. There are women, again — and these are sometimes, though but seldom, of a very high order — in whom the spiritual so predominates over the other elements of their being, that human ties and feelings seem pale and poor by the side of the divine; and to such marriage would appear a profanation, and would assuredly be a mistake. But of those who fancy that this is their vocation, the vast majority commit a fear- ful and fatal error, and awake at last to find it so ; and to those who are really thus called, the voice, alas ! far oftener comes from a narrow in- telligence or a defective organization than from the loftier aspirings of the soul. Lastly, there are women who are really almost epicene ; whose brains are so analogous to those of men that they run nearly in the same channels, are capable nearly of the same toil, and reach nearly to the same heights ; women not merely of genius (for genius is often purely and intensely feminine), but of hard, sustained, effective power ; women who live in and by their intelligence alone, and who are objects of admiration, but never of ten- derness, to the other sex. Such are rightly and naturally single ; but they are abnormal and not perfect natures. The above classes — and it is impossible to say how few individuals they honestly comprise when all added together — constitute the natural celibates among the female sex ; to all others who go through life unmarried, celibacy is unnatural, even though it may in one sense be voluntary. Hundreds of women remain single in our distorted civilisation because they have never been asked at all. Thousands remain single because the offers they have received threatened to expose them to privations and sacri- fices which they shrank from even more than from celibacy. Thousands more, because one abortive love in the past has closed their hearts to every other sentiment ; or because they have waited long years in persistent faith and silent hope for that one special love which never came ; or because ambition deluded them into setting their claims higher than fate or fortune was pre- pared to realize. But we are satisfied that no one whoso experience of life has been large, whose insight into life has been deep, and whose questioning of life have been honest, will demur to our assertion that the women who adopt a single life from positive (not relative) choice — we do not say from preference, but from love — who deliberately resolve upon celibacy as that which they like for itself, and not as a mere escape from the lottery of marriage — will not in their combined numbers exceed, if they even reach, that three or four per cent, for whom, as statistics show us, Nature has provided no exclusive partners. The residue— the large excess over this proportion — who remain unmarried constitute the problem to be solved, the evil and anomaly to be cured. — ' Why are Women Redundant?' in the National Review. A New Ghost Story.— We give the following story from the London correspondent of Saunder's News Letter without in any way vouch- ing for its voracity : — ' Really what with Mr. Hume, Mr. Forster and Sir Bulwer Lytton's ' Strange Story,' London society seems just now inflicted with a general phantom-mania. The last new phase of the malady is a ghost story, which has lately obtained extensive currency in what are called the ' upper circles,' and which claims for its believers two counsel learned in the law, and the Lord High Chancellor himself! I don't pretend to vouch that the story can pretend to the ' ghost' of a foundation for its existence — I merely testify that it is being talked of by ' everybody,' and that the first question asked at most dinner tables is, ' Have you heard of Lord Westbury's ghost ?' The story runs thus : Lord Westbury lately purchased Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basingstoke, the property of Lord Bolton. Snatching a spare day or two, to obtain a more minute inspection of his investment, he took with him two of the gentlemen belonging to his official establishment, both members of the learned profession. On separating for the night the bed-room destined for one of them a Mr. R——, was found to be on the opposite side of the hall to those of the other gentlemen ; he therefore shook hands and said ' Good night' in the hall, leaving the others talking there. He had not been very long asleep before he ' felt himself awoke ; but could neither hear nor per- ceive anything. By degrees, however, he became conscious of something luminous on the side of the room opposite his bed, which gradually as- sumed the appearance of a woman clothed in grey. He at first thought it was an optical illu- sion ; next that his companions were playing with him some phosphoric trick, and then turning round he composed himself to sleep again. Fur- ther on in the night he was awoke again, and then at once he saw the same figure brilliantly conspicuous on the wall. Whilst he was gazing at it, it seemed to leave the wall and advance into the middle of the apartment. He immedi- ately jumped out of bed, rushed to it, and of course found — nothing. He was so impressed with the power of the delusion, that he found it impossible to seek any more sleep, and as the day was beginning to break he dressed and made his way into the grounds, where he walked about for some time, pondering over the illusion so forcibly produced upon him. On his return to his room he wrote out an exact account of what he thought he had seen, it being then quite clear to him that it was no trick played by others, but simply an hallucination of his own brain. At the breakfast table, however, he began to fancy that he had been cleverly imposed on by his friends, as they commenced at once bantering him on his ' night's rest,' ' broken sleep,' and so forth. Wishing to detect them if possible, he pretended unconscious- ness and utter ignorance of their meaning, when, to his horror, one of them exclaimed ' Come come, don't think we didn't see one of the women in grey follow you into your room last night !' He rushed up stairs, produced his written account, which he gave them to read — and the consterna- tion became general. On inquiry of course, they found the legend of a murder done in days of yore ; and the Lord Chancellor is supposed to be exceedingly vexed at an incident which has de- cidedly shut up one room in his house for ever, if not in all probability tabooed the mansion alto- gether. Thus much do the ' upper ten thousand' aver — how truly is quite another question. 'Sunday Best.'— There are few of our readers, we suppose, who do not, every and all day long, keep themselves in such vestimental trim as will fitly express the reverence they entertain for there own bodies, as well as for the society of which they are members. And yet, which of them male or female, does not, on the visit of a friend, rush to the dressing-room, if possible, for the purpose of putting an extra polish, as it were, on the outward man ? It is thus we seek to do honor to those whom we deem worthy of it, and it is one of the ways in which we make our bow of homage to their claims. Why should we not, in a similar manner, show our respect for particular days? If a man chooses thus to distinguish his birth-day or his wedding-day from all others, who will think worse of him for the manner in which he finds pleasure in indulging his sentiments ? Now, we have a deep seated reverence for Sundays. We believe in the great miraculous fact which the first day in the week is set apart to commemorate. We rejoice in the good news of which that fact is the assurance. We enjoy the rest which the day brings with it. We like its calm, and the change of mood which it tends to produce. Without sharing the Judaic views which many good men take of the day, we love to welcome it to specialise it, to make ourselves feel, and to let others feel, that it has claims upon us pecu- liar to itself. To us whatever may be the case with others one of the most natural modes of expressing this sense that we have of the su- perior significance of the day is that of making some slight difference in our costume. It may be very slight — to others scarcely noticeable — but it serves like the additional bit of bunting which a ship flies on memorable occasions, to keep alive within us a prevading sense of the reverance due to the day. Individually, therefore, we cling to our old custom of having our ' Sunday best. ' For our own sake and quite irrespectively of other folks, we usually distinguish between the other six days of the week by changing somewhat the fashion of our vesture. It is a weakness no doubt — but who is there that has not some weak place which he loves to cherish ? ===== An Indian Encampment.— A walk through the camp in the morning is very amusing ; every- body breakfasts at about nine, and hence at half- past eight all the world is dressing, &c.; ; in front of every tent door are one or two gallant officers enjoying their morning's bath, which ceremony is performed in this wise: the devotee, attired in the lightest conceivable dress, squats on his mar- row-bones on a small board at his tent door, and his bheestie then proceeds to torture him by first letting the chilly water trickle slowly over him from the neck of his pigskin ; in vain does the victim shriek out " Geldie, geldie, koroo !" (quicker, quicker !) the bheestie knows his duty, and will at first only perform it in detail; gradually, however, the stream increases, and at length the very last drops are emptied in a deluge over the now shivering wretch ; his bearer then presents him with towels, slippers, and brushes, and he retires from the chill morning air into his tent invigorated and refreshed as he needs be who has the duties of a campaign to perform under an Indian sun. And passing to and fro among the tents are the charming young " doodwallahs," every now and then repeating their musical cry ' buckrie-dood' (goat's milk) ; these young ladies, with brass or silver bangless on their ankles, and bracelets on their wrists, contrasting with their polished black skins, and dressed in white robes with bright-colored shawls round their heads, supply the camp with milk, and their jetty, sparkling eyes, and tall graceful figures, surmounted by the shining brass chatty, form no unattractive addition to camp scenery. And while their masters are breakfasting, the syce grooms and caparisons the horse of the field officer, and the bearer of the captain or subaltern gives his sword an extra rub up for the coming parade ; the little cooking fires in the rear of the officers' quarters send up grateful odours of curries and omelettes, and little pots hiss and bubble, slyly lifting their lids, daring you to guess their contents, and shut up again with a defiant little puff of steam ; and while burning green twigs crackle, subs and captains prattle, plates and dishes rattle, the bugles for parade summons all to duty ; and now for a time the camp is quiet ; only the native servants are left cleansing the breakfast things, the maters (sweepers) sweeping out the tents, the bheesties watering the floors, and the voices of commanding officers of different regiments break the comparative stillness ; now orderly officers proceed to the head quarters, dis- tinguished by the union jack floating in front of the Commander-in-Chief's tent, and the camp seems deserted until regiment after regiment is dismissed, and those who are not on duty spend the heat of the day under the shadow of their tent. — The Shannon's Brigade in India. By Edmund Hope Verney, Lieutenant R.N. REMEDY FOR INSECT BITES. — When a mos- quito, flea, gnat, or other noxious insect punc- tures the human skin, it deposits or injects an atom of an acidulous fluid of a poisonous nature. This causes an irritation — a sensation of tick- ling, itching, or of pain. The tickling of flies we are comparatively indifferent about; but the itch produced by a flea or a gnat, or other noi- some insect disturbs ones serenity, and like the pain of a wasp or bee sting, excites us to " a remedy." The best remedies for the sting of insects are these which will instantly neutra- lise this aciduous poison deposited in the skin. These are either ammonia or borax. The alka- line reaction of borax, is scarcely yet sufficiently appreciated. However , a time will come when its good qualities will be known, and more universally valued than ammonia, or as it is com- monly termed, ' hartshorn.' Borax is a salt of that innocent nature that it may be kept in every household. The solution of borax for insect bites is made thus: — Disolve one ounce of borax in one pint of water that has been boiled and allowed to cool. Instead of plain water, distilled rose-water, elder, or orange-flower water is more pleasant. The bites are to be dabbed with the solution so long as there is any irrita- tion. For bees' or wasps' stings the borax so- lution may be made twice the above strength. In every house this solution should be kept as a house-hold remedy. — Family Herald. An Opinion of Paris.— At the last dinner given to Said Pacha, at the Tuileries, the Viceroy sat on the right of the Empress, and Vely Pacha on her left. The Emperor had the Countess Walewski on his left and Madame Rouber on his left. Said Pacha, being asked by the Empress (says Galignani ) how he liked Paris, and if he was not agreeably surprised at its beauty' replied. " Not at all, Madame, for I have read the Arabian Nights." 