LECTURE. The following is an epitome of the lecture delivered in the National School Room, by Mr. W. J. Jones. The subject was chosen (the lecturer remarked) by way of supplement to the interesting and instructive topics which had been handled by the five gentlemen who had preceded him in the course ; and it would be seen during the evening that the subjects pre- viously treated had illustrated beforehand many of the sentiments which he should now have the honor to advance. His object was to shew how superstitions first arose, and from that to expose the folly of the superstitious practices of modern times. He should make use of such authors as might suit his purpose, without making formal reference in every case. In very early ages the heavenly bodies were conceived to have been created to govern the world ; they were therefore supposed to be worthy of homage. Then were then taken to represent spiritual intelligences existing in the firmament or air. The Greek word used to designate them had this signification, and, before the time of our Saviour, was seldom if ever used in a bad sense. When the Scriptures referred to heathen wor- ship, this term (dæmon) was used. Psalm 96 and Acts, xvii were adduced. The whole system of heathen oracular communication rested on this foundation. The early "Fathers" were of opinion that at the birth of the Saviour oracles became dumb. And if Milton's Hymn to the Nativity was an expression of that poet's views he must have thought so too. He (the lecturer) was, however, of a different opinion. He believed that the whole "system" was a cheat, and a delusion, and was founded on the doctrine of ''middle intelligences'' ; and that its gradual decline was the result of the preaching of the Gospel. Ancient superstitions, though equally absurd, were less hurtful to mankind than the superstitions of modern days, because, whereas the former were all connected with relations supposed to exist between mortals and the gods, the latter had had the effect of letting loose the evil passions of mankind upon one another. After the introduction of Chris- tianity the evils of life were referred to the "grand adversary." The idea still was, that these came through agencies, and as the middle intelligence doctrine declined the notion of visible, in lieu of invisible agencies began to prevail. And as Satan was described now with a cloven foot, anon with horns, and again as black, ugly and deformed—it was but an easy transition to suppose that men and women who were least favoured by nature in their bodily exterior were the nearest akin to "Satan" and therefore the most likely agents to assist him in the destruction of mankind. Hence the Witch Mania. Natural defects and especially the talent which aged females sometimes possess of conversing quaintly, were qnaliflca- tions for riding on a broomstick through the air; or of bringing calamities upon the earth. Powers, ecclesiastical and civil, combined to cure this supposed state of things by statute — and the very class of persons for whom we now provide hospitals and asylums &c; , were thus by law, in England as in other countries, doomed to misery in this life — and to faggot and flame in their passage to the next. A few remarks about Fairies might relieve a subject already too gloomy. The lecturer then reminded the auditors of the general state- ments made by fairy tale-writers, as to the abode, habits &c.;, of this race of spirits ; and related an amusing anecdote, which he remem- bered from a boy ; and also paraphrased Dr. Parnell's Fairy tale of Elwin and Sir Topaz. The old opinions respecting ghosts were dying out. Though one of the leading fiction writers of the present day treated his readers to a ghost story once a year, he yet merely offered it as a Christmas amusement ; and he took care also to clothe it with absurdity. The lecturer then dwelt on the stupid folly of allowing nurses to repeat giant and other impossible stories to children. He remembered an instance of the force of early education with respect to this branch of the subject. Some years ago he had a pupil, a grown man, and not an unintelligent man either — to whom he (the lecturer) for amuse- ment repeated the speech of the Ghost in Shakespere's tragedy of Hamlet By the time he had reached the line "But this eternal blazon must not be to ears of flesh and blood," the man looked frightened; his eyes were wide open, his lips apart, his breath suspended; and but for a hearty laugh on the part of the lecturer, he knew not but his pupil's hair would have bristled up. Another source of superstition much too popular, were dreams. Some persons were ambitious to be thought "sharp dreamers." These were dangerous. If they dreamt of snakes, the first person they saw the next morning was judged to be the reptile. Anciently dreamers sought an interpreter ; but modern dream-mongers, dream and interpret too; which of itself is suf- ficient to discredit all such vain pretensions. He must hasten to his concluding remarks. Superstition was founded in an unrestrained love of the marvellous. It had been fostered by poetry and romance. It was repudiated by philosophy. It was rejected by common sense— and— he wished he could add,— dis- carded by the Christian Church. On each of these topics the lecturer enlarged ; and in conclusion observed that there could be nothing really to fear except offending God by the commission of sin. Each one might go from the lecture in the fullest confidence that no evils of the kinds referred to, could possibly come nigh them. All might retire to rest with the sweet experience, of the Psalmist "I will both lay me down and sleep, for thou, Lord, only makest me to dwell in safety." THE LACHLAN. — The accounts from this gold-field present no new features, It would appear from all we can learn that a few— a very few — are making rapid fortunes, but that as a field for a promiscuous gold seeking popula- tion, it offers very little encouragement to more diggers. The "Cosmopolitan" corres- pondent at this place speaks of it in discouraging terms, and hesitates not to declare that storekeepers and others are re- sorting to fictitious means to swell the escort returns. The Southern lead maintains its character. The Northern lead is improving. The prospecting Association has done nothing, The auriferous quartz reefs are talked a good deal about, bunt turn out little it is how- ever said that "they look remarkably well." Shares in claims are in surplus supply. Busi- ness is dull. The weather is hot. Sickness in prevalent ; and the "Cosmopolitan" News- paper, it would seem, in demand. 