! AN INDIAN STORY. , ; (From Harper's New,Monthly, Magazine.) '?'< ? WHILE here (llook Oreelt) encamped, it was re-1 ported among our.men. that a confliot bad just takon place between a band, of Eutaw , braves, who had left their mountain haunts far tho pur- pose of hunting, the buffalo upon tbe great prairies,' sind ¡war party of Comanches,, whose commission fis generally a roving ono, their object being simply to commit the greatest amount of rascality in the. shortest possible time. As the story ran, it. appears that tho Eulawa had encamped for tho night, leaving a large portion of ,-their caballada grazing in the mouth of a canon at a short, distance from their fires, where their owners, soouro in the watchfulness of those to whoso care they had been confided, tilt but littlo anxioty .for their safety. ! JuBt as the moon waB \ rising, the . Co-, manohes,numbering only sixteen warriors and two squaws, entered the other extremity pf tho canon, and upon observing,the horses, determined ¡to gratify their cupidity, oven at the risk of a diffi- culty with tho Eutaws, who, in high good hu- mour'from the successful termination of their hunt, wero at that momont quietly Boated be- hind thoir fires, peaceably enjoying themselves, in their own ¡fashion, which, in tho present, in- stance signified squatting upon their haunohea before tho binn?, and discusing their tobacco in blessed unconsciousness of, tho .proximity 'of >. thoir new< neighbours, or tho uu friondly visit which _ thoy woro oom- ; temp|at1ngC The "night 'passed quietly away ; tho smokers finished their pipes; and then I ny dnwni to s'oep us mVn slumber cf .cr a wéary uiircii. The fir-s srnon'dçreii end, died ou;, nut 1,their whitening ashea* looked Uko ghost'y shrouds »a they Jay bloaching in tUe moonlight, and the warriors on guaid grew drowsy in their f incied security ; "when, just as the first glimmer of the coming day betokened the preaenca oi the dawn, one shrill,' wild whoop aroused our Eutaws to a sense of thoir danger, and with this Gumwche reveille yet ringing in their ears, they, sprang to their "feet to behold their caballada flying before thor captors np the steeps defiles of the. canon from the farther extremity of which the Comanches doubtless intended to gain the open prairie be- yond : an expectation which waa never destined to be realised, for, though an Indian may be taken by surprise, he is seldom wanting either in expedients' or quickness; and our Eutaw friends had lived too long in a bad neighbour hood, and, it may be, stampeded to many caballadas themselves to be easily astonished, or to hesitate long upon their proper course of aotion. Fortunately for the Eutaws, they had a few of their best horses yet remaining to them, being those which, having been " hobbled " besides tho fires of their respective owners, had consequently .escaped the notice of .tho Btámpeders. To cut their bonds and fling them- selves on their backs was the work of a moment ; and ere the Comanches had gained the centre of tte defile with their ill-gotten booty the enraged Eutaws had overtaken them and were in their midst. It was now a hand-to-hand encounter, no quarter being naked and none given. The Comanches did their best by throwing themselves upon the sides of their horses, and practising every artifice ia which tho art of Indian warfare is prolific ; but though "they bottled desperats'y it was in vain, for the death-dealing arrows of their foes made fearful havoc, while their own random shots did no material harm. The>contest was too unequal to bo long sus- tained, aád ere the morning mist had lifted itself from the broad expanse of tho prairie, or the red sun struggled'out from the eastern cloud-banks'to' light up this scene of savage strife, the .victorious "Eulawa were again re . dining by their fires, where sixteen gory scalps waving ghastly in the breeze from their lance beads; and two lamenting squaws, attested the prowess of the conquerors.- Had ' these unluoky fomoles been wise, they woutót have unsex'ed themselves for the time, at least so far as to have held their tongues; but, sad to relate, their grief overcame their prudence, and induced them to " give their sor- row wordB"in open defiance of the expostula- tions of their captors, until at length an old chief seized a club and settled the matter by splitting the skulls of both. When, this story first reached us, wo were disposed to rogard it as a somewhat more than doubtful legend ; but the ensuing day was destined to prove its truth, for as wo neared tbe place I rode forward in advance of the waggons, thus preceding their arrival by upward of a milo. Upon nearing the loonlity indi- cated, I observad a fl jck of vultures which ho verod 1 Ice ill-omened spirits above, the spot flapping their broad wings ns they circled lu/.ily in the polluted air. Guided by thoir flight, I put spurs to my horse and pressed onward until I halted amidst the very scene where the confliot had . taken place. AB I mused and moralised, my meditations wero interrupted by the cracking of i whips and the vociferations of impatient drivers which announced the arrival,of our train ; nor was it long after the corul had boen formed before our excited teamsters, many of whom were young Missourians embarked for the first time upon a prairie trip, came running up, and 'expressed, in the opinion of our older frontiers- men, a great deal of unnecessary astonishment upon beholding tho nearly UosblesB skoletons which strewed the ravine. Among our drivers there were men of the truo mountain stamp, who had travelled, and trapped, and "starved it,''until their hearts had grown harder than their hands. Men who had been down to Chi- huahua, and werh't sheared ot a red-skin dead pr' alive-no, they would ''go wider if they were-' old follows who had roughed it until they made it a point to be surprised at nothing, so far as ! prairie lifo is concernod. These reprobates, j after a careful soarch through tho ravine, found otne of the Comanche skulls which had been ! p eked almost clean by the vultures and wolves ; 1 and, having fastened this ghastly mark upon tho lend ot a wiping-stick, they put it up at sixty yards and commenced trying their rifles at one Of tho oyos, or rathor at the bolo whore the eye ought to have been. It was lato in the morning ! of tho ensuing day ore our waggons ',* rolled-'out" ; from " Gravoyard Coral," os some of tho old Stagers chose to designate our halting-place, out of compliment to the unsuccessful horso-stealers.. While awaiting tho signal for departure I spout a half-hour in looking up tho skeletons of tho unlucky squaws whoso song of lamentation bad been so abruptly terminated. After a caroful soarch I finally'found their bones betide the ash-heaps, which marked tho location of the Eutaws'deserted fires. 