BISHOP POMP ALLIER'S LETTER TO THE' MAORI "KING." '- Letter of tho Right Rev. Dr. Pompalliorl Bishop of Auckland, to Matiitnorn Pbtalnu, a Nativo Chief ol Wniknto, called " Tho King" by tho Natives. (Translated from tho Maori language.) . > : Bolovoil . friend Matntaora,— Grcoting' tp tli'io. Great is my affection for tlico, who art ttio father of many tribes. Great is my re membrance nnd affoclion for To Whorowhoro, thy father and my ancient friend in this island. All 1 may thou, thy family and tribes, bo bles3-.d by Josus Christ, tlio Saviour of tlio world, and tlio only founder of tho Holy Catholic Cluirclij which is tlio only Mother Cliuvob, llio Church of all ages nnd of all tho, earth. I rccrivod the letter wliinli was writfon by thee,' on tlio 21st July last-. My heart lias re- miner!, bennuso lioht has boon sliown to tliv oyes and to thy liosrt. Behold ! God speaks within tlio Church, by tlio mouth of the bishops, and by tho mouth of tho priests, whom they rond to do tlioir work, that is to preach to tlio slieep of their flocks. Behold also tho 'teaching of tho Pastorship, of tlio Church, is tho truo teaching of tlio word of God ; it is tho teaching of tlio Holy Ghost Himself i for tho Holy GliOBt abides with tlio Ohurali's Pastorship, Jesus Christ having Buid lo His Aposllos, comprising their successors, " Tho Holy Ghost abides witli tlio Church's Pastorship, Jesus shall remain with you for over. Uenco Ho is constantly in you." (John cli. 14-, v. 10 17.) Theso ore also tlio very words of Jesus Christ—" Behold, I am with you all days, even to tho consummation of tho world." (ilntthdw oh.'28, v. 20.) Now,, from those solemn words, consider that tho iPastorship of tlio Church cannot teach -.any tiling of error, but lis teaching and direction far Christian, life, nro from truth only. That Pastor lias the lawful authority to sesses all tlio words of God ; nil the Saoraments, and oven itself lias delivered to tlio world tho Bible, written on paper. llcncc tlio Mother Church is tlio proper preserver of tho Bible; She gives tho understanding of it ; Sho is' llio judge . of its letter, which is merely tlio sign, tlio bork, wo could say, of tho . word of God, tlmt is, of His thoughts ; but I what is mora important, tlio Church makes understood these thoughts themselves, whioh nro tho real word of God, tho fruits of truth— tho flamo of tho Iloly Ghost's tlnmboau, whioh is the spiritual light for tho oouls of tho mon I of tho world. Yos, Maori peoplo and beloved spiritual I ohildren, yos it is.- very true, within tlio I Pastorship of (lio Church, tho' Holy Ghost is , I nlwtfys abiding aim noting. Honco this prin- 1 cipio is certain: Tlio , teaoliing_of tho.Paetor- I ' alpp"ortli'e Clfureli iV'trib living Bible, whiclrl onuses 'tlio Bible paper to shine ; and out of I palo of tlio Alotlicr Church, tlio Holy Ghost does not act ; but out 'of- tlio Church tlio spirit of darkness, tlio work of infidelity itsolf abides, Jesus Oh-iist saying: — "Ho wlio does,! not hear tlio Church, lot him bo considered as an infidel and a sinner," (Mat. eh. 18, v. 17.) Xhcrcfor9 out of tlio Church the souls of mon live in trouble nnd anxiety, and tlioro is a innliitudo of falso doctrines, of confusions and oontrndietions, because tlioy nro dopriyod of tlio light and of tlio work of the Holy Ghost. Lot somo mon r.ot say that the Biblo papor —the Biblo letter, is tlio principal Rule of Faith ; lor that Biblo, out of tbo ministry of tho Holy Ghost, is merely a paper with black lines of writing — that is nil. Honce, out of tbo Holy Ghost, tbo Biblo is like a lamp with oil and wibk, but without tlio flamo upon tho wick, viz., without tbo flamo of tho Holy Ghost, which is tlio Light of Faith ; for wo ropoat it, the Holy Ghost does not remain out of tho Cliureli, and with peoplo not hearing tho palo of tho Church, and tlioro Boon they will havo tlio Light of .Truth from the Bible papor, espooially from tlio living Bible, whioh is' tlio priuoipal one, and is the teaching of tho pastorship of tho Ciiuroli — n teaching whioh is tho lamp- having always tho flame upon tlio wiok. Honce tlio truth of those words of St. Paul, " The Church of tlio living God is tlio Pillar and Ground of Truth." (Timothy, oh. v.; 15. AIntntnorn,— it is thon with grounded reason that my heart hns folt groat consolation, bo oauso thou linst adopted tlio doctrine and direction of tlio Mother Church — tho Oliuroh I of tlio living God, of which Church tho nature lias boon more "and raoro explained to tlioo, by tlio priost- sent by me to tby country. Tbis fact of living teaching shows more and mora to theb that tho living Bible, that is, tlio Biblo spooking, is bettor than tlio Biblo papor, whioh is dumb and deaf. Yes, hotter is tho living Bible, that is tlio toaobing of tlio Mother Ohnreli, whioh can hear by human ears, and speak hy human tonguos. Honco theso solemn words of tho Apostle's Greod, which nro recited by Christians generally I beliovo in tbo noly Catholio Ohuroh." Now lot no person in Now Zealand say, there is only ono same god for the Mother Ohuroh and for -all tho separate Churches — honoo tlioy nro oil equally good. Hearken, spiritual children of Now Zealand, behold tlioro is only .one God for tlio angels in heaven, but u great .many of them beoaiuo proud and disobodiont to Him, nnd thoy wore separated from Him to be mere demons in hall ! And ns for Him, Ho romainod a good Father solely for the angels who persevered iu goodness. Likovriso, there is only ono God for tlio Jows and for tho Christians; but tlio Jo.vs liavo boon sopnratod from him on account of tlioir orimos committed on tho person of Josus Christ our Saviour, and God has remained a good Father to tlio faitliM Christians. Liko'wiso, again, nt tho last day of judg ment tlioro will bo only ono God for the good Christians who shall bo plnood at his ri»ht hand, and for tho had Christians who shall bo at bis loft band. But those bad Christian's shall bo oxpolled into hell, whioh will bo tho otornnl punishment of their sins, citlior avninst Faith, or against tho Divmo Laws ; and God Himself will bo, in Heaven, the Father infinitely good to tho good Chris tian's. Yos, then, tlioro is only ono God, that is iJohovnh; but ho is. a good God for tjio Christian's good, and n God of just anger to the siiiful Oliriatians who remain obstinato in ttlieiir sins. . .. . Finally, likewise tlio now ohurohcB, by their becoming proud and disobodiont to tho Mother Church, videlioot. to tho words of Faith', or to tho Divine Laws for Oliristian life, aro separatod by God from tlio Ohuroh ond from Himself ; i " ilo who docs hot hoar Iho Ohuroh, lot him i bo considered as a heathen." i HoncO although Separated QhurohoB like 3 ' » »W to kcop tlio Biblo paper, behold tlioy do not posicsa tlio clear knowledge of the! Word of God, that is, tho doctrine of tlio Church's Pastorship, which .is tlio living .Bible, tbo lamp with tho flamo upon itself; in one word, the Now Churches kcop llio paper, videlicet tlio skin of tho fruit, tho oil of the wick of tho lamp, but they leavo tlio flamo and tlio light to- tho Mother Clutrolt, that is, to tlio true Christians, wlio nro docilo to Jesus Christ saying to Ilis Apoallcs, and tlioir successors, videlicet, to tho lawful pastorship of the Church "Tlioy who hear you (iho Apostles) hear Me, and tlioy wlio despiso yon dospiso | Mo"'(Luko cli. 10 v. 10). Enough for ili'cso' great truths; it belongs to God himself to judgo finally tho prrsons who nro wrong ill mat ters of faith nnd religion. But bo hnppy, dear friend Mntulaern, bo happy, yo all, who aro of on upright lioart! Tlio alar — that is, tho light of Ileavon — lias sliono for you. Tlion preserve it os n lamp to guide you to tlio Motbor Ohurcli, to faith, to Ilcavcn itself. Now tha goodness of God is I for you ; tlio lore of tlio-Bisliop is for-you ; for you is tlio love oi tho Mnthor Ohuroh in Europo, in Asia, in Afrien, in America, Oconniea — behold, in all tho world. Still I let man presorvo well faith, and observe Christian life— vidclicit, let him kcop a Iruo lovo for God, loving' him .'above nil tilings, nnd his neighbour as himself. Tims ends my loiter for yon, dear friend Matutoera ; tliou areist it is a work of teaching; it is tlio work of tin ordent.lovo ; it is not, in nny manner, n work of Caesar (of polities), for it docs not concern tlio rights of land, properly, or of sovereignty. I'Iooto, these things to the peoplo of tlio world, lo, tlioir chiefs, oillier foreigners or Maorics. Behold, Y havo .no mission from, God to sottlo . such mattors. - . I end by wishing to lliec, and to nil thy tribes, tlio blessings which God gives- to tho persons living in tlio bosom of the Mother Church,. Cntholicr— Roman. I Nowthis ii n token also of my love t.Tsend I a new priest of mino for thee and for tbo tribes of Waiknto. My vicnr- goncral conducts him to you.- Be all good to him as a pastor for you all. Bo good also to tlio snored ministers, going in my name — in tlio namo of Jcbub Christ Himself. This, letter :is. from «J OIIN JJATTIST 1' II ATT CIS 1 OMPAILTEBj Bishop of tho Dioceso of 'Auoklaiuu 