NEWS AND NOTES. A large portion of the visitors to Ballarat from Melbourne and Geelong left on Friday morning by the half-past 11 o'clock train. Among those who took their departure were Mr O'Shanassy, Dr Thompson, Mr Humffray, and Mr Cathie. The early or first class train that left at 7 o'clock, took down only four persons, while Cobb's coach, we hear, was pretty well patronised. We learn that the fares per coach in future will be fixed at 10s, and not 5s, as was rumored a few days ago. The train which should have reached Bal- lart at 8.15 p.m. did not arrive until twenty minutes to eleven, owing to it hav- ing been obliged to stop through the want of a sufficient supply of water. As a con- sequence of this detention, the train which should have reached Ballarat at 12.45, was detained at Geelong and came into Bal- larat some hours behind its time. We therefore have not received our Melbourne and Geelong news, and cannot carry out the promises we have made so soon as we expected. As the arrangements on the line become more complete, the trains will arrive with more punctuality, and we shall doubtless seldom, or never, fail to receive the latest intelligence from the sea board. By the train which reached here at twenty minutes to eleven, there were only about a dozen passengers, and the one which left immediately after for Melbourne, took about twenty passengers, amongst whom were Mr Loader, M.L.A., and Mr J. T. Smith, M.L.A. The 8.46 train did not leave until 11.30. A case of alleged robbery at Clunes turned up in the Circuit Court yes- terday with some rather striking reve- lations. The prosecutor was one Llewellyn Thomas, who said he had been invited into a tent by the prisoner's wife or mistress, and that while there she put out the light, the prisoner rushed in and com- mitted the robbery. The woman was called, however, and she swore that Thomas had been in the tent before and heard her husband was going to a night shift and that Thomas came and solicited her, she com- plied, and the prisoner caught them in their guilt and bundled the prosecutor ont of the tent getting hold of his watch chain in the scuffle. Messrs Barton and Wright volun- teered for the defence, and the prisoner was acquitted, but not till the jory had delibe- rated a long while and had retired to con- sider their verdict. Two convictions for arson were obtained in the Circuit Court yesterday, one of the prisoners being a woman. Another instance of the blessings of the ticket of leave system came to light in the Circuit Court yesterday. A prisoner was found guilty of felony, and in passing sen- tence the judge stated that the prisoner came out to the colony a bondman, and was at that time on ticket of leave from an unexpired colonial sentence. On Thursday, in honor of the opening of the Geelong and Ballarat Railway, the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum were plentifully regaled with plum pudding in addition to their ordinary fare. The chil- dren were also taken out to witness the procession. On the ensuing day Mr Pope, caterer for the Railway Banquet, liberally presented the residue of the feast to the Asylum. When we state that the great bulk of the viands presented were wholly untouched, some notion of the value of Mr Pope's present may be formed. The Philharmonic Society are busily engaged in rehearsing Haydn's fine orato- rio, "The Creation," for performance next Friday-Good Friday. Miss Hamilton has been engaged as the principal soprano, and the band, as the exigencies of the work demand, greatly enlarged. Under these circumstances the ordinary expenses will be seriously augmented, and this painstaking and meritorious society na- turally desire to be held harmless in a venture which is entirely for the public gratification and benefit. We do not, how- ever, entertain any doubt as to the attend- ance, which cannot fail to be a large one. On Friday, a Chinaman was detected stealing wash-dirt from a claim at Little Bendigo, and was handed over to the police. At the meeting of the Hunt Club, on Friday night, it was arranged that Mr Faris should keep the hounds for the pre- sent, and that he be paid £2 per week for the services of a person to hunt them, and any other expense he may be put to. The first meet of the season was fixed for Thurs- day, 1st May, at the Banner of War Hotel. It seems that the pack now contains some seventeen couples, but many of these are yet too young to bring into the field. An ardent lover of gin was apprehended on Friday evening, for stealing a bottle of that liquor from the Western Hotel. On Thursday, 10th instant., a match was played on the ground of the Ballarat Cricket Club, between the Soldiers' Hill and Evening Star Clubs, the former win- ning by 16 runs. We see by our advertising columns, that Mr William Irwin, of the Star Hotel, is to have a large canteen at the approaching Werribee Encampment. He promises to dispense his refreshments at Melbourne prices. Oa Friday Dr Clendinning held an in- quest at the Ballarat District Hospital on the body of Joseph Menghini, whose death took place there on the previous Wednes- day, and according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, "was caused by hectic fever arising from severe compound fracture of his right leg, caused by the accidental upsetting of his dray upon the limb on the 22nd of March last, at Warrenheip." James Menghini, the cousin of the deceased, stated that the deceased was a native of the Canton of Grisons, Switzerland, thirty-three years of age, and had been four years in the colony. At five o'clock on Friday evening the Ballarat Volunteer Rifle Rangers mustered in considerable numbers at the Camp, and under the direction of Major Wallace, were put through some ordinary manoeuvres. They were then marched in fours to the Ballarat Cricket Ground. On their arrival at the place the corps marched past the commanding officer at quick time. This having been repeated again and again, a body of skirmishers were thrown out with supporting parties. Ten rounds of blank cartridges were fired off in these exercises which were tolerably well performed. Thc corps was then marched in fours back to the Camp, where the members were addressed by the Com- manding Officer relative to the arrange- ments made for the transit of themselves and baggage to the Camp at the Werribee. They were also seriously warned against excesses while in unifom, either at the Camp or elsewhere If all goes on as at present, our local corps promises to make a very good figure at the Werribee, both as to numbers and discipline. The contemplated visit of the Chief Secretary to Learmonth did not take place owing, we are informed, to no time being fixed for him to arrive there. Had he been asked to go there at a certain time, we understand he would have com- plied with the request. We are informed that the telegraph posts and wires will shortly be removed from the Ballarat and Geelong road and will be placed on thenewly opened line of rail- way. A Court of Petty Sessions will be held on Monday, at two o'clock, at the Western Police Court, to hear appeals against the assessment which has just been completed in Ballarat West. Previous to his departure for Melbourne on Friday, Mr O'Shanassy visited the Camp, and, accompanied by Mr Inspector Kabat, was shown over the police quarters, stables, &c;, and appeared to be much pleased with the cleanliness and order everywhere visible. Among the visitors to Ballarat at the opening of the railway was Mr Charles Jardine Don, one of the members for Col- lingwood, who seems to have escaped public notice. On Thursday speculators from Melbourne and Geelong and persons anxious to secure eligible building sites for stores were every- where visible on Soldiers' Hill, making in- quiries respecting allotments of land for sale. In our report of the Railway opening banquet we omitted to state that the ode by Mr Stitt Jenkins, commemorative of the opening of the railway, and printed at the expense of the Ballarat municipalities, was distributed over all the tables. We omitted also to remark that the abundant decora- tions in the hall were the work of that local genius in this way, Mr St. Quentin. The band which performed at the banquet on Thursday was the band of the Rifle Corps, and not the Ballarat Brass Band, as stated in our issue of yesterday. A new and valuable consignment of books has just been received at the Mechanics Institute from London and added to the growing library of the institution. All the volumes are substantially bound, and the consignment comprises, besides several com- pleted modern serial novels, copies of Car- lyle's Frederic II, Memoirs of Beranger, Reminiscences of Thos. Asheton Smith, Arnold's Life, Memorials of T. Hood, Life of Douglas Jerrold, Layard's Nineveh, Tur- ner's Polynesia, Pritchards Natural History of Man, Essays and Reviews, Du Chaillu's Equatorial Africa, &c.; &c.; The new assembly room attached to the Exchange Hotel-a spacious and chastely decorated chamber, not surpassed as to all necessary requirements by any similar one in Ballarat-was formally opened on Thursday evening by a grand masonic ball. The room, which measures 60 feet by 30 feet, and is 20 feet in height, is, as will be seen, well proportioned, The walls are relieved by Doric pilasters supporting an entablature and cornice. The ceiling is flat, and relieved by three elaborately-designed ventilating ornaments. The interior generally is not overloaded with decoration, and presents rather the quiet elegance of a drawing-room of large proportions than the gaunt coldness of a public hall. The architect is Mr F. O Korn. As showing the productiveness of the Otago gold fields (says the Daily Times of 1st April), it may be interesting to mention that up to the 28th March there have been exported 357,091 ounces of gold, worth nearly a million and a half sterling. Thc entries for Mr Chirnside's prizes, amounting to £650, close to-day at noon, and no entries from volunteers can be re- ceived but through officers commanding. The entries already made are numerous. Twelve ranges are being laid ont at the Werribee, where, in addition to the volun- teer matches, there will be a match, open to all comers, for a £50 cup, and other prizes, as well as a pool target, to pass the time pending the settlement of the more import- ant events. The following telegraphic despatches are from the Argus :- SYDNEY, Thursday.-Venus, coaster, is believed to have foundered in late gale, and crew perished. Several other vessels suf- fered severely. Gold has been discovered in supposed payable quantity on Government land at south-west border of the town of Bathurst. The committee of the Benevolent Asylum has decided to resume the distribu- tion of out-door relief, pending an applica- tion to Parliament. Twelve hundred and twenty-six bags coffee, 7,500 bags sugar, and 5,406 bags rice, from Batavia. Escorts have brought 16,288 ozs. Arrived.-Yes- terday- Claremount, from Adelaide ; Maa- laes, from Batavia. To-day-City of Sydney, from Melbourne. Departures - Testerday-Spray, for Port Napier ; John Banks, for London ; Waratah, for Wide Bay. ADELAIDE, Thursday.-The election of mayor to-day has been very exciting. The scrutiny will be declared to-morrow. Flour, £10 10s to £11 10s ; wheat, 4s 6d. We learn from the Age that an adjourned meeting of the Exploration Committee was held on Thursday afternoon. Sir Wm. Stawell presided, and there were present- Drs Macadam, Wilkie, Iffla, Gilbee, and Capt. Cadell, The honorary secretary (Dr Macadam) read the following telegram, which the chairman stated he had just re- ceived from the Commissioner of Customs at Adelaide:-"Post Office authorities say that a large parcel from Blanchwater, ad- dressed to the committee in Melbourne, was sent by the Havilah. We shall be ready to assist you in any way, provided the expenses are guaranteed by the Victorian Govern- ment. Any request involving an outlay should be sent by the Chief Secretary of Victoria to the Chief Secretary here. Pro- visions can be obtained at Blanchwater, but not at Lake Creek, unless we can see Howitt's party. We can send a letter to Cooper's Creek in three weeks." In conse- quence of this intelligence the meeting con- sidered it desirable to await the arrival of the Havilah, steamer, from South Australia before transacting any other business, and it was ultimately resolved that they should adjourn to Saturday next, at one o'clock. Notice is given by Dr Macadam, that the commissioners have received from London the prize medals awarded to successful competitors at the Victorian Exhibition of 1854, who can receive the same on applica- tion at the offices of thc commission, Exhi- bition Building, either personally or by order. They request that successful com- petitors at the late Exhibition will call as early as possible for their certificates, as the office of the commission will shortly be closed. The crowded house at the Theatre Royal on Friday evening, was a sufficient proof that people had not as yet thrown aside their holiday humor, but determined to keep it up to the close of the week. The per- formance consisted of the "Chevalier St. George," and the extravaganza "King Thrushbeard." Both were exceedingly well performed and brought down plenty of applause. This evening that meritorious artist, Mr Henry Edwards, will play the last night of his engagement and take a benefit. The piece selected is "Hamlet," the character of the philosophic prince being supported by Mr Edwards, and Ophelia by Miss Julia Harland. As the drama is very long, there will be no afterpiece, unless a ballet arranged by by Mr. J. Chambers, and designated the Ghost of the Village, can be called one. No doubt Mr Edwards' friends will rally around him in large numbers. Kreitmayer's Museum of Illustration was opened in the Mechanics' Hall on Friday evening. At the far end ot the hall, mounted on a sort of stage and backed by a view of Cooper's Creek, is a group of figures representing the return of Burke, Wills, and King to the depot after its deser- tion by the rest of the expedition. The party are represented as seated or resting at the foot of the tree upon which the word DIG- has been cut. Burke rests on a fallen log, and with his head on the one hand, and Brahe's fatal memorandum in the other, is indulging in a painful reverie on their for- lorn position. Wills seated on the ground to the right of his chief, is casting an anxious and enquiring glance towards him, while King, in a more recumbent posi- tion, is looking towards the same per- sonage. The expression and pose of the figures is admirable and so life-like, that while standing at a little distance, it is almost impossible for the spectator to rea- lise the idea that they are not actual living persons. Midway between this group and the door is another, representing King bending over the lifeless body of Burke. Thia is an equally meritorious work with the other, though not possessing the same kind of interest. When we state that these groups have been designed and modelled by Mr Chas Summers, statuary, Melbourne, and Mr Kreitmaycr of the well-known Anatomical Museum, it is a guarantee for excellence. The likenesses, we need not say, are thoroughly accurate, and the attire true in the main to that described by Wills in his diary. There are also in the room two single figures, the one representing Mr Har- greaves, the gold discoverer, standing and holding in his hand a large nugget; the other, the Hon. John Pascoe Fawkner, M.L.C., who is designated "The First Ex- plorer of Australia." Mr Fawkner is repre- sented seated in s chair reading a newspaper. The figure is attired in one of the hon. gentleman's own suits of clothes, pre- sented at the solicitation of Mr Kreit- mayer, and as the whole stands on the level of the floor, the visitor suddenly imagines himself in close proximity to the actual personage, more particularly when close examination scarcely reveals the fact that the figure is but a counterfeit present- ment after all. The other figure is not so deceiving. This is owing to its being placed in a stiff and constrained erect posi- tion, one fatal to its entire success. Taking the exhibition as a whole, it is one of a deeply interesting character, and no one who has made him or herself acquainted with the sad history of the Exploring Ex- pedition under Burke should neglect to pay it a visit. 