' ESSAYS AND REVIEWS'— JUDGMENT. (from the mornino post, 26tk JUNE.) ! An announcement having been made that Dr : Lushington would deliver judgment yesterday in ? the following cases, there was much excitement -in Westminter Hall. The learned judge sat in the Rolls' Court, where. the cases in their various stage.? were heard; So short a time han elapsed since the hearing of. the cases, and the public in ; terest in them was so great at the time, that it ! will only be necessary to state in a few words the ; grounds upon which the promoters of the suit sought judgment against the defendants. The first suit was instituted by. the Bishop of Salisbury against the Rev. Dr Rowland Williams, vicar of Broad Chalk, in the county of Wilts, tho author of one of the articles in the ' Easays and Reviews,' entitled ' Bunsen's Biblical- Re searches.' Many passages alleged to be heretical were set out in ' Articles' (the ecclesiastical term for charges, of this sort), and the w hole of the charges were summed up in the 17th article, as follows : — 'That the manifest tendency, scope, ob ject, and design of the whole essay is to inculcate a disbelief in the Divine inspiration and authority of the Holy Scriptures contained in the Old and New Testament; to reduce the said Holy Scriptures to the level of a mere human composition, such as the writings of Luther and of Milton ; to deny that the Old Testament contains prophecies or pre dictions of our Saviour and other persons and events; to deny that the prophets, speaking under the special inspiration of the Holy Spirit, foretold human events ; to deny altogether or | greatly discredit the truth and genuineness of the historical portions of the Old Testament, and the truth and genuineness of certain parts of the New Testament, and the truth and reality of the miracles recorded as facts in the Old and New Testament ; to deny, or interpret by a meaning at variance with that of the Church, the doc trine of original sin, of infant baptism, of justi fication by faith, atonement and propitiation by the death of our Saviour, and the incarnation of our Saviour.' At the time of the hearing, Dr Phillimore, Q C., Mr Coleridge, Q.C., and Dr Swabey, appeared on behalf of the Bishop of Salisbury ; Dr Deane, Q.C., and Mr Fitzjames Stephen for the defendant. Charges of a some what similar character were made by tho Rev Mr Fendall, the promoter of the suit against the Rev H. B. Wilson, B.D,., rector of Great Staughton, the author of the article in 'Essays and Reviews,' entitled ' Seances Historiques de Genève — The National Church.' The ' articles' were 19 in number, and voluminous extraets in support of them were made from Mr Wilson's Essay. The same counsel, with the ex ception of Mr Coleridge, appeared. On the bench with the Dean of Arches were Lord Brougham, the Bishop of Lichfield, the Bishop of Nova Scotia, and other gentlemen Dr Wil liams, Mr H. B. Wilson, and Mr Dunbar Heath, recently deprived, occupied places on the Queen's counsels' bench. Dr Lushington explained the circumstances under which the case came before the Court, and Btated that he had advisedly with held his. decision on the admissibility of the arti cles in the case of Dr Williams until the decision of tho Privy Council in the case of Mr Heath had been pronounced. :Mr Heath's was a case under the Act of Elizabeth, while that against Dr Wil liams (to which he should now confine himself) was under the general ecclesiastical law; still there were many points of resemblance between them. It had been said that opinions had been imputed to Dr Williams which he did not hold, and that his ' Essay' was simply a review of Bunsen's work, whose opinions he quoted. It was difficult in a review of a work such as this to determine which were the opinions of the ori ginal writer, which the opinions of the reviewer, or. where they were combined. If he must hold that when a reviewer set forth opinions of the Writer whose works he reviewed, and did not ex press an opinion on them, or kept his own views in the dark, he must be held to express a general approval of them. He had read with great care the essay which bore the name of Dr Wil liams, and he must come to the conclusion that Dr Williams had expressed a general though not indiscriminate approval of Baron Bunsen's opinions. It had been also objected that portions of the Epistles and Gospels had been improperly brought to bear upon the charges brought against Dr Williams. Every minister was bound to de clare his unfeiened assent to everything contained in the Book of Common Prayer at the time of his induction, and by that declaration Dr Williams was bound. No doubt this book had excited the greatest possible attention, but that was a subject which the court must entirely pass over. It was also said that the book had been condemned by ine wmue upiouupui ueuuu* xlo ami me greatest respect for the opinions of the members of the episcopal bench, but in. that place he could not be guided by them, As a judge, he could not be guided by anything but judicial authority. Nor must he take for his guide the most learned and orthodox divines of the church ; for all he had to do was to try to get at the true constructions of the Articles of Religion, according to the ordi nary principles of law. If even any great dis coveries were made which were supposed to be antagonistic to the articles of the church, a clergyman was not at liberty to avail himself of them in opposition to the articles ; for the law must be obeyed, even to a degree of- harshness, and for a remedy applica tion must be made to the Legislature, by whom the Prayer-book was originally settled. The learned judge proceeded at great length to show, from the decision in the Gorham case, that matters left unsettled by the Articles of Religion were open questions which might reasonably be dis cussed, but at tne same time the articles were framed upon certain assumptions of belief in which it was believed at the time that all Christians were agreed. There might, therefore, be much in the 'Essays and Reviews ' which might excite deep regret, but which the law of the Church could not reach. To the law of the Church he, as judge of an ecclesiastical court, must rigidly adhere. In all cases of doctrine, the Court would look first to the articles and then to the Book of Common Prayer. The articles were the first con sideration, because they were compiled for the purpose of preventing diversities of doctrinal opinions. The Liturgy was framed with no such object, but merely for devotional purposes. Sub scription to the articles was a most solemn act ; and, although the Court could not take cognizance of the intentious of the clergymen, yet the law held subscription to be secundem animam de \ponentis, and that was the plain, literal, grammatical sense of the article. It remained for him to consider a very important point, namely, whether reference was to be al lowed, either by the promoter of the suit or the defendant, to the Bible. The Liturgy included the prima facie parts of the Bible, and a prelimi nary question arose, of what did the Prayer-book consist for this special purpose? With regard to the admission of the Epistles and the Gospels, he would not resort to Scripture as the test by which doctrine was to be determined ; and his decision was, that all extracts from Scripture must be erased from the articles. [This decision was re ceived with a slight applause in court.] The learned 'judge proceeded to examine the precise nature of the obligations incurred by a clergyman in his declarations in the ordination service. He thought that the declaration ' I do believe,' must be considered with reference to the whole Bible, containing the Old and New Testaments. The extreme antiquity of these books embracing every variety of topic, partly historical, and mixed witii some amount of allegory, all this must be borne in mind when the extent of the clerical obligation was determined. Influenced by those views, he thought the expression ' I do believe ' must be modified by the subject matter. There must be a belief that the Holy Scriptures contained everything that was necessary to salvation, and to that extent they had the direct sanction of the Almighty. With regard to the 6th Article of Religion, which had been relied upon, it is said that Holy Scripture contained all things which were necessary to salvation, so that what was not proved (hereby was not binding as an article of faith. It had been said that the Church had not defined inspirations, and he certainly should not attempt ts do so ; but he thought that the decla ration that Holy Scripture contained all things necessary to salvation implied the declaration that all things which were necessary to salvation were to be found in Holy Scripture, which pro ceeded from a preternatural source. He must hold that any clergyman who declared that the Scriptures proceeded from the same source as any other works impaired the Divine authority of Holy Scripture, maintained that the Bible was not God's word, but- the word of man, and there fore contravened the 6th, 7th, and 20th Articles of Religion. The next point he had to consider was criticism, as applied to interpretation, and he contended that any clergyman who denied the authenticity of one book, denied the canonicity of the book as a whole, and denied the obligation which he solemly Incurred at his ordination. The learned judge next precceded to analyse the various charges alleged against Dr Williams. He considered that his statement that the Bible was the expression of devout reason was inconsis tent with the declaration that it was the Word of God. The article stated that the scriptures were the written Word of God ; but Dr Williams stated that it was the voice of the congregation, which was clearly contradictory, and a violation of the articles, and substantially inconsistent with the all- important doctrine that the Bible is God's Word. .With regard to the remarks of Dr Wil liams on the prophetic portions of Scripture, he had placed the moral higher than the predictive objects, but in his opinions upon this point, Dr Williams did not appear clearly to express his own views. With regard to his denial of Messi anic prophecy, Dr Williams appeared to him not only to deny the application of prophecy to the Saviour, but by one of his counsel deiiberately to avow that conviction, thus contravening the fundamental faith of the Church, as generally ad mitted. But the question for a judge to decide was whether Dr Williams had in this respect vio lated the Articles or Liturgy of the Church. He (Dr Lushington) could not find in the Articles any direct mention of Messianic prophecy, or a reference to it, although some might be of a different opinion with regard to- the 7th Article. This was a criminal court, and the matter must be strictly considered. He did not find in Dr Williams's remarks any opposition to the Nicene Creed, for though it was there stated that the apostles spoke through the Holy Ghost, it did not necessarily follow that they spoke of the Messiah. Although, then, Dr Williams's views in this respeot-militated against the faith as it had been held by the most eminent divines of the Church, they did not mili tate against either the Articles or the Liturgy, and therefore the article or charge must be rejected. With regard to the 9th article or charge against Dr Williams, he considered that he did not deny that the Book of Daniel was written by the pro phet Daniel, and that he did not deny that Jonah was a historical personage, so that tho article con taining these charges must be rejected. With regard to the opinions expressed by Dr Williams oa the subject of the Epistle of the Hebrews and the second Petrine Epistle, he considered that Dr Williams had denied the authenticity of the second epistle; but looking to the peculiar manner in wmcn ui wuuams nao expressed nimseit, it was not easy to arrive at a satisfactory result upon the matter. Upon the whole he did not think the expressions used were a breach of ecclesias tical law, and he must reject the article. (Lord Brougham, who retired from the bench at this point, was loudly cheered.) The learned judge next referred to the 11th article or charge, re lating to the Deluge. He considered that his duty did not apply to such questions as this, and upon that ground alone he was bound to reject the article. The next article charged Dr Wil liams with denying the doctrine of Christ's re demption, propitiation, and satisfaction for the sins of the world. Dr Williams contended that this was simply a recovery of that peace which could never be obtained while that sin remained which separated man from the Searcher of Hearts. He did not think that Dr Williams meant to imply that Christ did not suffer and make propitiation for sin, and that the doctrines disavowed by Dr Williams might be those of the Roman Catholic Church. He should therefore order that article to be reformed. In the 13th article, dealing with the subject of baptism and original sin, he was not- satisfied that there was any teaching contrary to the doctrine of original sin, or the tenets of the Churchy with regard to baptism. The Court must reject the article, He then proceeded to the consideration of tho 14th article, relating to the incarnation; which Dr Williams was accused of denying. This would be a most serious ecclesi astical offence if proved, but looking to the whole of the subject, he must reject the article. The 15th article, treating of justification, con tained passages repugnant to the 11th Article jf Religion, and the article must be admitted. The 16th article he admitted. The 17th- article or charge applied generally to the genuineness of the Scriptures, he was bound to reject. The result of all this was that the articles must be reformed those he had rejected being struck out, and those he had admitted being amended. Either party might appeal to Her Majesty in Council. The Rev. J. Fendall v. the ? Rev. H. B. Wilson. — Dr Lushington then proceeded to deliver judgment in thia case, quoting many of the passages from the essay, and comparing them with the Articles of Religion. He remarked that though the charges against Mr Wilson were of a different character to those alleged against Dr Williams, yet he should be guided by the same principles. He characterised Mr Wilson's writings as being contradictory and vague, obscure and un intelligible. As criminal charges he found that, many of the articles could not be substantiated. He considered that the decliration of Mr Wilson, that the Bible was not written by the inspiration of God, wss contrary to the faith of the church, although it did not specially contravene any article of religion, and therefore the article must be re formed. With regard to ideologists and ideology he was not quite certain that he understood the exact meaning of the words, except it was that ideologists claimed the right to construe the Scripture in a way contrary to the rules established by law for the construction of the Articles. He could easily Bee to what fearful results such a system of teaching must lead, but he had not absolutely violated the Articles. The learned judge dwelt at length upon the statements charged against Mr Wilson, that subscription to the 39 Articles did not impose upon the clergy the obligation to believe them to be true. He did not think that, taken as a whole, the article was admissible, although he thought it his duty to state that the object of Mr Wilson's writings appeared to be to suggest means by which the Articles of Religion might he evaded. Another article (the 12th) alleged that Mr Wil son's views on the subject of original sin, and faith in the Saviour, were in contravention of the Articles. Looking closely to the principles which had been enunciated by Mr Wilson, he came to the conclusion that this article must be reformed. The 14th Article related to the resurrection of the body, everlasting life, and eternal punishments. He was aware of the controversies which had arisen on these points, but he must take the declarations of the Prayer-book in their plain, literal, grammatical meaning. Comparing Mr Wilson's views with these passages, he felt bound to admit the articles. As in the case of Dr Williams, he should allow an appeal. Tho learned judge concluded as follows : — ' I cannot leave these two cases without adding a few words in conclusion. I have discharged my duty to the best of my ability. I am aware that these judg ments will be severely canvassed by the clergy and by others. Be it so ; thereby it may be ascer tained whether they are in accordance with law, and accordance with law ought to be the sole ob ject of a court of justice. It may be that on the present occasion some may think that, so far from having gone too far, I have taken too limited a view of powers entrusted to me, and consequently have failed to apply a remedy where a remedy might seem to be wanted. I can only say that I have shaped my course according to the authority I am bound to follow — the authority of the Privy Council. Marriage among the Dayaks — There is one cause of divorce, where the blame reBts on neither party, but on their superstitions. When a couple are newly married, if a deer, or gazelle, or a mouse deer utter a cry at night near the house in which the pair are living, it is an omen of ill — they must separate, or the death of one would ensue. This might be a great trial to a European lover ; the Dayaks, however, take the matter very philoso phically. Mr Chalmers mentions to me the case of a young Poninjan man who was divorced from his wife on the third day after marriage. The pre- ? yious night a deer had uttered its warning cry, and separate they must. The morning of the divorce he chanced to go into the ' head-house,' and there sat the bridegroom contentedly at work. ' Why are you here ?' he was asked, as the 'head- house' is frequented by batchelors and boys only ; ' what news of our new wife J' _ ' I have no wife, we weie separated this morning, because the deer cried last night.' ' Are you sorry?' 'Very sorry.' 'What are you doing with that brass 'wire J' ' Making perik ' — the brass chain-work which the women wear round their waists — ' for a young woman whom I want to get for my new wife.'— Life in the Forest of . the Far East. By Spencer St. John. _ | Mrs Theresa Yelverton is, at present, resident i in France, whither she has gone for rest, retire ment, *nd ohange of air and scene. I 