Returned Australians. — On Thursday night, the ' Returned Australians' held their annual dinner in the Crow Hotel, under the presidency of Mr John Forrester. The meeting was an agreeable one, and the bearded gold-seekers dis cussed their adventure3 at Ballaarat and Bendigo over their toddy, and .' fought their battles o er again.' Many of the jrentlemen present having made money at the 'diggings,' have come to enjoy their otium cum dignita'e in their native land. Nevertheless great sympathy was expressed with the Australian colonies, and toasts drunk towards their progress and prosperity. Tho chairman waxed eloquent and practical over lib principal theme, which was ' Success to the Aus tralian Colonies,' and the proceeding throughout were spirited and harmonious. — Glasgow Iierald, 13th March. Reduction in Gas.— A special meeting of the directors of the Bendigo Gas Company was held yesterday, at tho Company's offices, Pall Mall, for tlie purpose of considering the advisability ol making a reduction in the price of gas. The secretary laid befoie the board of directors a state ment of the working expenses of the company, and it was resolved, after mature deliberation, that the price of gas should be reduecd from forty-five to thirty-five shillings per 1G00 cubic fee t; the re duction to commence from the 3rd of Juno next. This is a step iu the right direction certainly ; but we anticipate a further reduction still, on the opening of the railway, or else the public will have no great reason to congratulate the company upon their desire to meet the requirements of the times — Bendigo Independent, 17th May. Tiie Ghost. — The police have arrested a man named Drake, on a charge of vagrancy. It is believed that he is one and the same with the ghost, in the shape of a naked man, which has so strangely haunted the northern part of the town for some time past. He has been living in a de- serted house near Berkley street, and earning a living by begging, though he is well able to work. He was before tlie court under somewhat similar circumstances some time ago, when he promised to go to work on the railway, but never did so. It is stited that sevorul respectable witnesses could identify him as the naked visitant of their houses at night, but there is a reluctance to come forward in the ease, he only hiving appeared to females. lie has no visible means of support, and if the latter circumstance can be proved against him, he will undoubtedly be severely punished as ho deserves. — Castlemaine Advertiser, 17th May, Snakes. — Mr Searle has, exhibited in the win dow of his Talbot Dispensary, two fine living specimens of the brown snake, captured by a per son at Kangaroo j they measure respectively 6£ and 7 feet in length. The female has twice been bitten by its exasperated nrite, who at first did not seem to relish ihe close confinement to which he is subjected. No ill effects have resulted from the bites, thus proving that the l'angs, ' which are precisely similar to the claws of a cat,' can be used at will. Mr St. John, the naturalist, has since extracted tho fangs from each of them, and may be handled without danger. The fangs are four in number, of a soft bany character, and im bedded in the muscular structure of either side of (he upper and lower jaws. The sting of the common nettle (urlica divica) aptly illustrates the formation of them, being a hollow tube, with a bag-shaped receptacle at tho base, which when pressed upon by the insertion of the point imme diately injects the contents, which is, in the case of the snake, though almost infinitesimal in quan tity, of well known virulent and deadly character. Mr Searle has had the fangs mounted on glass, which with an ordinary magnifying glass can be easily seen, and conveys a complete history cf the modus operandi of the poisoning by snake killers. — Talbot Lender, 14th May. Why People Don't Go To Church. — Hundreds of thousands who believe in an immortal state never go near a church, and the sect whose creed is of all the most opposed to Secularism, the Plymouth Brethren, never enter a public place of worship. The causes of the emptiness of the churches are not Secularism, or irreligion, but civilisation and bad preaching. People who can only breathe fresh air on a Sunday will breathe it, be the clergy never so horrorstruck, while those who are under no physical temptation, who do not desire, like the artizans, to see something beyond the pavement, or, like the peasantry, to feel that for a few hours they may do nothing at pleasure, and who yet abstain from church, are often restrained by a rooted contempt for the modern style of preaching. Let the clergy but talk of things divine as they do of things human, let sermons be only as varied and vital as chemical lectures, and the churches will be as thronged as the class-rooms or lecture-halls. — Spectator. The Poi.ioi: are offering a reward of £100 for the apprehension of a Belgian procuress, styling her selfthe Baroness de Frcsberg, or Steinberg, who is going about the metropolis ; with tho nefarious design of enticing young, innocent, good-looking English girls to procc.d to the Continent, under the promise of placing tliem in respectable and lucrative situations. Four hundred office-seekers favoredSccretarv Stanton with a call to -day, a number hailing from Tennessee. Among them was an old man on crutches, who presented his case thus: — 'I sup pose I'm not young r.nd spry enough for a lieu tenancy in the, army, but I should make a good general. I can ride on horseback, and 1 don't see that generals hereabout do anything more.' — New York Tribune. 