ýho aorflulid (5uardtiat .NORMANBI Y GENERAL, ADVERTISER. I'Publshed every Tuesday, Thursday, t" Saturday To Protect our Rights-Ant to Infringe upon those of Others. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 21. 1882. . Summary for Europe PER " BO MBAY." PorL Trc L.. TnrmE in a compleo lhdl in politics. At the date of our last summary nearly all the papers in the colony, the A rgyi excepted were employed in denouncing the "Land Swindle" and -Mr. Diuffy's much belauded act, that promised so much and perfonned so little. Since that time nearly all the land-first thrown open for selection has been withdrawn and regazetted for January 1803, and as the Parliament meets on the 7th day of November it is more than probable that some amendments will be introduced that will stay the demoralization consequent on certain clauses of the Land Act which promises in a remarkably short period, if not amended, to put the best lands of the colony into the hands of speculators, and thus retard indefinitely future prospects. In the evasions of the act carried on at every land oflice, no attempt was made at concealment. The state lottery was thrown open. and thousands of the most indolent and moneyless loafers that dis grace colonial society at once became capitalists, without scruple commnuitted per jury, took up allotments in their own names and at once transferred tle land, thus taken fraudently up to those lntereitcd in monopolising the public estate, not for settlement but speculative and squatting purposes. In behalf of the government it must be said that as soon as the rami fication- and extent of the conspiracy were ascertained immediate steps were taken to protect those most deeply interested, and hence we find that nearly all the land for selection as already stated has for the present been withldrawn and before January 1863, counterchecks will be adopted that will put a stop to the whole sale alienation of the state property con trary to the spirit if not the letter of the Land Act. It must be confessed that in practical legislation so far as the land act is concerned fr. Duffy has for the present been foiled; but it is almost impossible for any legislator to guard against thoso dis posed to make money regardless of all moral obligation. The act is clear enough. apparently and states distinctly in the declaration which the selector is compelled to sign " and 1 do solemnly and sincerely declare that my domicile is in Victoria, and that I am aboi'e the age of twenty one, and that 1 apply for such allotment (rang ing from 40 to 640 acres) for my own utse and benefit only, and not as agent andl trustee for any other plerton whatsoever,' and yet in the teeth of this declarationi in the majority of cases the selectors were only the agents for others whose ntotey they pay into the land oltice, and the land selected was at once made over to the prinhilail.' The custouary rate of agency wages it has been afflired, wais £ I per day and if the first letter of the agent's name come in between A amd t if i the order of the alphabet a higher wage was given I What is very remarkable, itn only at few cases has the lIpell clauses of the act been I,rought to hear Ibut with what success is not yet k,nown. It would seem that there are great practical barrier.s in the way of their oleration. At the present timit gotvctrnmitnt elnquiry is bcig carrietld on by Air. lir, tght Smytlt at i Oel,,g atd C'amptt rdolwn to a.scertain thle truth ori Williamm Fergtusttn ti lantld ofliter of the Iltter mtiuncd plt'c. 'iTh o'ct lliailntitt allege that 3hr. lVcrgu-nn trok the applications of the ltgtlits of Mr. ('hinsiode asIld itthicr stjuttter lt, ttful at (_itm lerd twn, aid that Ih l p :itiscly rcefud t?cl t ,cn rcccivei apIlicatiots front all others, fur the latl ihclcarld ,pcn ftr sel ectilon I Amongist the ttmtlaitntts are M1r. C'uthl ert, a liallatttt solicito, r an L. .1J. 'llllllllillu Its t nLeoitI r of the Lcgistltiv. A senmbly. If thie nllgod conspirnacy tr uomlplicity etn ie estnablishtdt it i, l1robablet hat the governmentt will tttko active strleps ,j vindlicate the law, and oe or two exam. plis would go far to prove to those dis a honestly inclined that capital has its duties is well as its rights, and that one \- of those duties is to respect the law. The land act will make the stand point for the ministerial opposition when the Assembly opens, but most of those competent to lead in such a crisis - have either left the House or like Mr. Wilson Gray the colony. If the Cabinet does not split on the ques tion of the land act, the Ministry is quite strong enough in the numerical pow er of its followers, numbers of whom have violated every principle in order, to receive the pecuntiary consider ation allowed by the "Victorian Associa tion " to impecunious members who voted the right way. The " Victorian Association" hai been dissolved and sonic rather curious developments may be anticipated as a considerable amount of liability hangs over those responsible and who conducted the aftfairs of the association, and Dlr. Iledley the Secretary has quitted parliunment to undergo a six months problation for ia wardenship, the only reward which the present ministry rcan grant. There are tvso points now" for the O'Shnerrsiy ministry to consider (I) whether they are prepared to brave the country andtl cnry out the Land Act without any amendment or (2), do the amend ments without throwing the reins of go vernment into tle hands of those who may by courtesy be termed the op position. The latter is the safer policy and is the course Ministers will attempt. The " swindle" is too apparent uand barefaced even with the aid of a purchased majority in the Assembly to dare the wrath of a whole people, and both Messrs. O'Shanassy and Dutfy are too well up in political science to nnake an attempt which must certainly result in an ignominious expulsion. Despatches received by the l)uke of New castle renewing the Governor's term of otlice, have in some way or terother found a place in the columns of the Argus, but whether with the consent of Sir Ienry larkly will only be ascertained on the opening of Parliament. The great Duke h.is refused to reduce the salary of the Governor to .£7,000 l'rr annum the sum fixed by both Hlouses of Parliament, and gives as a reaslon that to adoplt tile act of tile colonial legislature woutl be a direct interference with the prerogative of the Crown. If such Ie the case, but few in Victoria unle-ss the present enemies of Sir Henry larkly, would regret that the salary reduction bill has been returned, and with out the Royal Assent. That £15,000 per annum is too Imuch fir the Governor all are prelared to admit, but all are prepared during the time Sir Henry Barkly contiinues iwith us to pay the uadlitionld .£8000l-rather than in any way interfere with one iota of what is due to the Queen. The subject of the despatch will possibly form rmo item for consideration when thile 'Parliament opens. The elections for the Upper House now all but finished created little or no excite mIelt. The old members ngain otfired and were again returned. In somle cases ad dresses which meant anythlling or nothing were issued, and in others it is qIuestinable whether the forinality of an alddlress was held. necessary. In the South 'rovincee there was the ghost of a contest, Dr. I'n bling entering the field with Mr. W. J. T. Clarke. It wasy well known that the Doctor was Ilild oI1t such points as tile lKolodo alnd ani interior railway, and it was knownI of his olpponenllt that lie never was rmad on any point save that of making money, and lts the conservative eleiient thought its interests woutld Le best served by an idol whose actiioi was rnmore in kIeeping with its own intellectu:al standard, the great W. J1. T. Clarke was of course returned. .1. I'. n-awkner, 1.L.C., threw his weight into the iEmbling scale and the I)-itor in one of his speeches threatened in the words of an unknown poet ti do fi r his autagnlrist loli tically what David dlid fir the (bhliath of Scripture in reality ; his words were : " IDavid with a little stone,. Not bigger than a button, lthousht the great Goliath dowmn, Ad nilled him dead as rutltouu." i'iut either the l)ictoirs sling or stone or, boih t, wlit wrtleg urand lMr. Alphalhet ('larke is nlo\ one of the luminiurira.s it the Uipper Iliui::e. Mr. Ilarristter Fellows had a walk lver tir the Central I'rovince, ant the saure may lie said of Mr. 'l'Thimuusr fur the Ea.st, Mrr, iuanies llenty fur the Suiuth \Vest, andl our -vin Mr. Ni-il Btlack for tie Wcst.ern, as all those geniitleicni were returlned with out oilpiisitiii. M. Ielll for the North WVestlerni Province is oililosed 13y i supsran niolited htgisliltir if the I 1l, iimncill St'lnrl, hut it is lriolable that Mr. W'illinam Camp Lell ex-rierlcl r for tihe Lillri mustI rleuini someru tirme longer in that privacy which tired out warriiu's and legislators are s.aid so much to enjoy. 'IlThe ( onmui IIa Sehosls Ait Icaimie iint foirce ion the ist, aldl thile lietl 'roilerty Act on the 2sl cif the prestult month, but how eitheriormiill ut or iliether iuy ibenefit will lie derived frorri tluerii remhltins uo tis seemi. 'lThe (:hief Stiretllar1 is vihli'ntly I plicid to lhe |br?t which lprufet-sis to du away withi the si (t;uriani-il of ,ehuili i, tulld the, Ittior rI-y (tn-rllial Ilrthllid, niiii t il, linrrister if ,Iot it-ie,Weiod are u is viii-ntly 3llised to the ciond.lll, 'T'he fhi't Irli-uciire aires a hiliiiw at ihlrical monolrr y in the managemeint of SuIIIls alin d the c-t-(lond Lat thIe Ilrlllaiolly Of lhe lawyers, in thu iiniullhtiin of title - ldeeds. ''lhu Chief Sceretary i tihe advicliate of the fI r lnwr r t Hi thle liw olilecrs as tiLe ad(. ii cutas of the big wigs have done all lOssible - uli to this dihto to strangle both iitilStuel-CS, I but with what success is.at present unknown. '1'ho development must await the opening of Parliamentn G I'dICULTU ILL. Tito past month has upon the whole lbeen favourable to the growing crops which are represented by the country papers to be doing well,-although in the high ly;ng country near Ballarat it is said that recent frost has donel considerable dama:ge, but from the account it would seem that only thle lullarok district has had: any reason to complain. The stk'k, c:lttle adl :Jhep which suffered very much durilg the long continued wet winter are now showing signs of the return of spring, and cattle wlosoe ibs ia nnuth ago might have been counted as readily as the ho()ps of a herring barrel-are now growing sleek and fit. The grass kept so long back by the cold is seemingly in a hurry to make up for lost time and gets oni so rapidly that it would astonish any person unacquainted with the vegetation of Australia. 'Th winter crops which escaped the floods anld slugs are now looking vigorolus ain froml every indlieanton our comting harvest will prove abundant. it has been remarked in Great Blritain and Irel:mtld that the crops are always most abundant after the winters which have been marked for the greatest severity, and if the analogy holds good here, the harvest of this year should he good lts for more than 10 year pas.t nothing eqpuallilg in severity the Australian winter of 1862 hasl been experienced. At tile date of our last sununary sheep shearing had commenced in tile Northern parts of the colony and already some of the new clip has been forwarded to England, and ill many places the shearing has been finished. The Scab in sheep Act comes into ol(nrt tion on the first day of tile next month, and this fact had somlething to do possibly in hurrying sheep shearing operations. The plnvisions of the Act are remarkably strin gent, but wihent the great interests involved are considered and the periodiie losses, it is but right that tile Goverlment should use the mliost stringent Iimeasure to cradicate disease ant the law ill the end will be positively beneficial to the settlers, despite tile expensec which in the first instance must be incurred. The plresent plrospects of Victorian settlers have improved materially since the Land Law of I i62 csame into operation, and it is to be hoped that no .subsequent agitation may tend to unsettle the nine years tenure uinder tlle act which hlus been granted. The Land Act was an admtitted comlpromnise, and although some personls have been unscrupulous enough to take advantage of its provisions it would be too bad to make the innocent suffer for the faults of the guilty. Steps have already ill many places been taken to increase the grazing capabilities of runs, but inlfortunately little benefit this year will result from tile Act in an agricultural point of view. It was too late ill tile season for tile bona tide agriculturist when tile act canme into operation, and then the evasion and fraud fully set forth under the political head nleltrtl:zed the benefits which mlight have accrued had the Ict been carried oult in its integrity. It is a remarkable circumstance thllat the .4 rys which denounced in tile I1most unmeasured? terlIs the occupIIIatiol licenses of Mr. Ileales, lhas scarcely ia word to say against the violation of the new10 land law, and many are disposed to thinkll that the p:aper, violent against suppollsed fraud in the ole case is hpositively conniv- I ing at fraud ill another. There may be at rea-on for this silence. From the breadlth of land under tobacco it is probable that this I year will produce more than aliy preceding t season, 1and should those now cultivating I prove successful it will be tile Illealls of in-i ducing many others to try what may be j donll ill raising " weed " to counllterbalance the low prices likely to rule in other deplart mIents. The plats in many places look healthy, but it is too early to anticipate what may be the result. Uplo the whole t the crop.1 of all descriptions look well and there i.s the tlros?ect of anl abundant harvest. t Tl C ongaI Fi:Lt.ts. There is but small prospect that the t exlport of gihl for the currelnt year will ' come up to that of 1861. For this various t reasonls might be assigned and amnllgst others, that capIital is now requlired to work I the gold fields which in funmIer years only re- I lquired labor, Ia willing mindl, a good cradle c ll a tin dishll. On nil the great gold i fields of tile col1ny thoulandsl of pounldsl must lie first 8spenllt on labor anlll mIachitery Ibefore the miner Ihas the sligh- I cut prospect of a payalll claim. I The result may te readily anticipated. The Capitalist 1ha11 thile command on every field u. the poor llman a ill very othecr cOlllutryt is compelled to makc way Ir tillhe mau made I of ilonle0'. T'he lilany are Ilot belllefitted in- I dividually to the si:llle extllt IIas h1l thie preC- I ciou0s n11tal was lmore distributed bullt greater flrtulies are ieilllg lown llIde tI1;l at at a prlevi ols periodl iu olr hIistory. An otlher reesol why I ouir txllorts for this year ill bIe less it tlhe great rilsileS 1lHllich h1.v tikeln llace to New I Zeilliill ati1t1 New South 1illls. The Clillh I iintl the Ulnichuln have rollbbd this cololiy of , 111a1y thous11 an o111? illl dultritllll tiilierl, bltl ilesplite these drawllaeks the su1ly of' goldl is ly no Illcm lla oellt llltilll lc ' lie to( l/ hip IIl50t1 ill thils year aIlollolt tot 1,34d,t22oza. I lwhilst lur tile corrcslplnlilhg pIart of 1861 th1 1 illilIolIlt w1as 1,482,7!2naozl, 1i1t it iliU0t lie re lulenlbferel lhla 24i,i43ozu. of thile gold elllt lio1 l'ietlloria tilis ytlar i tihe prodlluce o I Nelw ZI'llhila, aI1d whlillit thile grosIs 1 a111111 llhilllCd is in eXCesS of thie lllollllnt for ltil i the irodiuclts of iiir own Iichl1 fall slIorlit Iy over lO1000,oze i lltlhe plrcelit )'0fr as coll 1pared with its lIredeccSlir. '11he ire1lt iI lt1(e ofle Ihe ~lnll ti New Zeallltl tlggillgsy I mllly be iiferrcel Ifroll tile followilig lpra-' graillph. ' l(e Nenw PAI.Anli l)iOnIls.o.--ly thll' M111i' i atlrlinv 5hii 5 wlilh I hll Iolff .1 'I -ho'1 II) shlort' dll iifn ghll, lItter ai rnliil [5. 1g., ni I, finie l1llif files r l (iJuli?l l Ill thfe 7 ll hil. 1 'hil AibTlili lhrings Li,012t . If goLld 1i1l 2(0,000 s iislll'ilgl ls Iuli a ld biso rIcellll I ill b811l1( 1uni l unlllhltitilII 111nin (1111 Il tila vii digingsh , but.thu slur hiid slantiluu hi01h ivr labour to bu follo,?e)l on ites Inrs, andl liptlerS orf minlers hail coe nutnonci?d to drive tunnllll inl thue Iieitik, to tet lthe field thorouighly. Little was knllro, of the Nokan'tri ilig iimg+; ond cmay ofl the rimihers who wtent freili this culu ]ne ill the first ahct of the rustsh lanid lbewl nc)on pt lied to cce?l't lanour oul the rlads for a Ub.i-tance. The Ahlrina hie brought beck i laruge. nu, ,eclr olfdiggrs, whllo recel:ltly left Victuriun fil!- to see for theuse.lvos the pros lpects ()tago oittlred. A new rush tol a place ctlled indilferently I)unkell or Landsborough in the 'Pyrenees l.is created somne excitemenllt dtluricng the past onoth audit the accolunts speak well of the prospects. From the pIublihed accounts it appears that as the Le.ad is wide and the sinkien: shallow lmore are getting a shalre of the gold t lan is the rule on the older tields. It is stated that more thaln ,000 people are already on the ground, and that the tcllh dirt oi the average yields one ounce tld it tunrter to the loatd o 40 buckets. The field is situated '5 miles fromt Ararat is tihe direction of \looanlmbel. New leiads have also been ftiunnl at Indago and lhilterni in tle (Ovens dlistrict but recently the accounlts from the Jordanl in (;ipps lanid have been so fuavorable that thousands are pushling to that locality. About 40 mtiles from the Jordan :,and nearer Sale, the persons empllloyed in clearing the tracks Ietween the two fielcds have ascertained tile gratifying fa.ct that nearly all the moeutaintns district for miles on the Melbourne silde of the ,Jrdala is auri ferous. Gipps Land has hitherto beent a sort of terra incognlita, but now that gold hluas bceen discovered in ouch butildlnce its vast resources will ill time he broughlt to light. The severity of the past winter andi the diticlulties attending a journey to the Jordan have deterred many which the splring weather will induce to try the new diggings, and it is just pxnssible that the Jordan mnay prove as payable as the Lachlan or the Clutha. Accord ing to the ,-Ir',cs 225 tons of stone at Ingle. wood on tile .Jersey reef yieiled I,177ozs, 90 tolls on Maxwell's reef l60ozs. 2dws., 120 tons from next claim 577iozs, 50 tons frlom a third on tile samee reef 177ozs 4 dwts. and from the Bendigo, Duoully, Castlemaiue Araryborough, Kingower anda Iallirat accounts are cualily satisfactory. The dividends on Bal larat deep leads, average from -£.0 to X£5 per share in the fortnight, sand it would appear that a new company there has been recently formed with a capital of £30,000 to work tile leads supposed to run through 960 acres ot purchased land between l:llarat and Scars dale. Frorm the last number of' the G'orcru ment GCa4ftte it appears that the total shares have been taken up, and it is lprobable that in some years this company will be able to swell the escort returns cnscidcrably. Exr'L.oTrcator. The telegram in our last rtumnary ex pressed some doudlbt as to the arrival of \lcKilnay and his party at Port Denisotl after passing trom Cooper's Creek, (the death bed of Iturke and Wills) to Carpentaria. The doubt proved groundless and since that Mc'Kicnlay alive anIl hearty made his bow to a Mellburne audience, and it is scarce ly necessary to say that this intrepjid explorer was received by the Royal Socecty and the men of Melbourne in a way that does thetm credit. McKinlay was sent by the Southi Australian Governmcent in the August of 1861 from Adelaide to render assistance to Burke and his party about whoml rumors then were afloat and which alarmoed the public for their safety. One tot the rnullors was to the effect that the blacks had brotlught ill intelligence of two men almost snaked discovered ota a raft at Cooper's Creek suppiosetd to ie Burke and Wills. Onc the 1 Gth August Mc'Kinliy started for Cooeper's Creek anud coil his arrival there a black fellow plointed out the grave of poor Gray one of Illrke's party. McKin lay at once conclutded that Burke uand atill his prrty had been eemurdered by the blacks and immlediatcly forwarded toIn of his Imen to Illanchewater with a despatch coeun uni cating the uuew.s to lleal Quarters. By the return of the cnessenger Meliinlay heard the fate of Burke aIl WilLs and of their renmilns Ilnsving beetn found at C llcer's Creek. Thle following narrative of the journey across thle continent from Cooler's Creek waes first publishedl in the 'yjhdn"cy 1orhn ang lerald. l'lle instructions which Mr. M3'Kinlay re ccivad were-that inl the event of his tinding tihe lost party he was atonce to return, but otherwise toI proceed first to the north and west and thent to the west atad south, for the I'lri'poe of exploration. In pursnlance of these instructions tihe party proceeded. alout the niiddle of I)ecetlber last, towards Celn tral t otlnt Stuart, to the north of north-west ot Cooper's Creek. Tley had first to. cross tihe Stonty Desert, which Alr. M'Kinlay ties eribes as a succession of bronzed uudulations. I lie hills were evidently falling to decay, the heavy floods having swmept over them with sueh violence as to wash down all the earth, except all occasionnal patch here ntt there. IThe grass growing uleino these after favour able seasonsc had been bulrnt hy tile snatives a lHaving passed through tite Stony Desert, the party eanle upon a dry tract of country; alter whicl, thcy proccested' up one of tihe leading creeks. 'Itley were, however, pre. vented from getting far to tihe westward Ivy all ellorlnous hodly of lwater eolming down troel that direction. So rapidtly was the counltry a flooded tIllat the party had a tarrow escape of drowninag, havicg frequeetly to swicm frole knoll to knoll, and to wadtle throughl the watter to the high grocund to tile eastward iThe c.unltry to thie westward was clhnost entirely sulemterged, only thle tops of trees alnd the sanilhill a~ plearring above thie water. It was sellllosedl that soalle extraordinary a heanvy trolieeal raicts hlad cllecll, as thie coulltry wac dry elwhen tile pc.rty entered utpotn it It a liew days afterwardsl, whlle the waters hadiJ plartially scttletl, there was ac ahlundcance of Ibright gree-n gras to lie seet. T'here lhad leen two day's rain, alld the water shad tlelsC alont tawo teet; bht hitherto the plerty hadl only fallet in wtih the local drainage, not with the imaic Inetl a; the latter rose no fast, that neet olmly was it iapieosslille to tnake ally advacce to the westwarcd, but the palrty had i to retreat prceipitaicely to save their lives. t Mr. Al'Kiicay ic of opitioc that if Leic,. I harllt had ciecrclcllpeal olt thie plaills to tIhe clest ol Ihese hills at the tiece of tucll l floods, Icitfchinig colehl luaCe saved lili. Near tllis Sl cat Mr, M'Klihlivy diccavered traes of iollle aclietls, lld l ilsi Ilhe etaddle IndIl tlhe renmaiis C of lhlrke's heorse; aldl, helieving that the creek haid cicat raily lutine, lee called It "lcirke's Creek." It Is silnitl Isoinaeewhere nlaouct a hulcdred tlmiles to thie torth-elLst of Colper's Creek. I So far wero tlhe party dtrivel tothce east lid t tihe niorlmh before heiig lltale to cross tihese waliterI that Mir. M'Kilhly resolved (clm pro tedilncg to thie (ulof o r Carlpeatriam, in º order to replenilsh his stock of provisions, I hoping possibly to fadl is with II.M.O.s. S'ictoria, which had been sent thither to meet I ltrke's party. Ills course to the Gulf lak about two degrees to the east of Burke s track. Several times Mr. lM'Kinlay crossed Ith at track, but he was unable to fullow it up, owitng to the etlects of the recent rains and floods. Mir. M'Kinlay first made for the Albert River, and afterwards struck the Leichardt ltiver, the western bank of whichl he followed fhr a length of 153 miles, till he reached the Gulf" of Larpentaria, at the begiuuinag of May last. 'The expectation of filding the Victoria at the Gulf wias tnot. however, realised, Captait Norman having returned to Melbourne some time previoutsly. It had been arranged that the Victoria should, at stated periods, fire off rockets anal gunll. Not seeing or hearing these, Mr. M'iiinlay, alter stayiang at the (;uit for a few days, decided on returning thrlOugl the settled districts of Qsueensland, the distantce being shorter, and, it was thought, molre easily traversed than the course he hadu taken in lhis outward route. The journey proved, however, al extremely difficult one; the country was hilly and rugged, and knock. ed up the horses and camels fr inuore than the other route would have done. It was M'Kin lay's intention, had lhe obtained provisions at tihe Gulf of Carpentaria, to have continued western explorations, as the waters would in the me:antimae have subsided. The supply of itod was, however, rapidly dimainishing, and the party lad to kill some of their hors,, and camels tfor subslistene. For several days they had to depenCI almost entirely upon thteir guns for ttoud. Only a few pounds of flour remained on reaching the Gulf; these had lbeenl saved for the purpose of making a cake on their arrival there.. 1Fortunately they had always au abundant sutpldly of water. It was about the middle of May that Mr. M'Kinlay's party left their camp. on the Leichhardt lfiver, and on the lIt of June they left the Flind:ers. On their route they crossed some of the waters of the Gilbert, thence pas-ed into the valley of the Upper Ilturdekin ; travelled down that river, and, passinm close to Mr. Stenhouse's station on the Clarke River, and to the station ot Messrs. Cuninghame on the cast bank of the ltardekint, they fell in, on the 7th of August, with soite cattle beclonging to Messrs. liar vy and Somers, ant shortly afterwards reached their station.on the itowen, which is. wiflin a venty miles of 'ort Denison. They arrival at P'ort i)enison on the 7th of August, and, after remaining there a few days, left for Sydney by way of Rockhampton. On starting from Adelaid,. the party num bcred eight amen--six. white telcn. and two blacks. Subsequently three other white men were added, and as the party proceeded in their exploration the blacks were sent away. Of the ten white men who firmed the party, one obtained employment at a station on the, lBowen, two remained at Port Denison, two are at present, in JRockhamSpton, and four have come. down to Sydney. The nIlen have arrived in excellent health, and apparently none the worse for their hardships arnd priva tions. There were, on leaving Adelaide, 26 horses, a team of bullocks, seveanty sheep, and four camels. Two of the last were killed for food, one was let loose at the liurkekin. and the other at the Gulf of Carpentaria Eleven, horses were brought in to Port Denlson. The party also started with a heavy spring cart, which they converted into a pole-cart, and abandoned near the Stony Desert. Some of the bullocks died, apparently from the hcat of the sun, and one bullock and three sheep remained when the party arrived at the Gulf. Nothing whatever was seen or heard by Mr. Ml'Kinlay respecting Mr. Stuast's. Iarty, which she accounts for by supposing that their track lay cutasiderably to the west of his-a perfect sea of water intervening and that they had got into the hilly country beyond the reach of the floods. Mr. M'Kin lay states, however, that he fell in with LanIdsabortngh's camp, No. 5, and that near the watershed of the lurdekmt he crossed the track of a party supposed to be Walker's these being, with the exception of Gray's grave, almost the only traces he observed. Mr. M'Kinlay, speaks generally in favorable terus.of the country thirough which he ipased. lBetween tlte.Gulf of Carpentaria and Port Denison, particularly near to the northern coast, there is a large extent of country well adapted for sheep and cattle. There is also, to the south of the Stony Desert, a great deal of tfle pasturage. The blacks with whom Mr. McKiulay fell in were mostly friendly, and aoluie of tlhemt rendetred him considerable assistance. Only on onle occasion was any Iostility encountered. Very tew blacks were mset with between the Gulf and Port l)Deisoni but they were very numer ous to the south of the Stony Desert. A complllientary ditnner was given to Mr. M'Kinlay and jluty, at Port Denison, on the 17th ultitao, on the eve of their departure front tlat place.. At two o'clock a large party sat down in the dinintg room of the Port Denison hotel, to an entertainment provided for the occasion, Mr. J. Leith Hay, in the chair. The health of Mr. M'Kinlay, and then that of the party, were severally plrolasetld asal drunk with much applause, ancad duly and happily respnlded to. Shortly before the departure of the exploring patty (rout lrlocklamºton a nteoeting.ws held in tihe saloon of the atsasner llalelutha to pro ncat a testimolial to Mr. M'Kilay, and to, weleatne himt and his ipaty on their arrival in lleckhatllapton. We uatderstand that Mr. M'Kithdy and asneo of his latrty will leave Sydney to-day ia thto Nortlaua for Adelaide by way of Melbourne. Oat arrivinlg at Adelaide ihe will haadl itn his diary to the Governmenta of rjottlh Australia, by whom it will probnw bly be ntade pjublic. LocAL. T'ow. Ire.a.--'l'he Munlcipal Council have decided on the expeandlitre of £600 mn the 'rowl Halil. A surl of £10 has been offered as a premllitnu for the test design and the 14th (a Noveltbter teat hIa been used as the last slay uItitl whscli such will be received. The Hall is to Iwe built on an elegible site fronting. the bay and it is sullpoaed will add greatldy to thie nappelarasce of the T'lown. CRIMINAL SESSIONS.- The sessions were opeaned by His honor Mr. Justice Williams on 2nd inst,. The callendar was remarkably light, and the whole business, criminal and civil was gone through in a single day. DIAMONDS IN THE PORTLAND BAY DIS- TRICT.- It is stated on reliable authority that diamonds have been very lately found in this district. We are informed of two having been picked up on Mr. Carmichael's run at Caster- ton. One of these has been sold, so the report goes, for a 40, antd the other is in the possession of Mr. Murray, Dunrobin station. The coal search committee are making fur- thter iiqlUiriea in the matter, and we hope to hear of the report being duly authenticated. The truth of such a report would give an ilatieanse impetus to the prosperity of this district. VWoor..-Two loads of wool the first of this seasons clip, arrived in town on 4th inst., from the Station of Mr. Dunclu McCatllaun, Ardagartou, and were delivered at the Ware house of Mr. Thomas Must. LEiAD.--We are informed of another pro unislug resource of this district just brought to light. It is in the discovery of lead, of *which a rich specimen has been found at the Steep bank rivulet, Glenelg river, and is now in the possession of AMr. Dacomub. Inssl DLsraEss.-The Melbourne Central Counmittee transmitted by last Mail £2,250. Large sums are being sent in fromnt all parts of the colony, and a feeling is generally enter tined that part ofl the funds should be appro. priated to the introduction of imunigrants. ,ri ll Ito At thIAubD.- Tlh District ined hloard is pushi Ig forwurd vigoroUsly and in a few years the roads of this da tr;ot wait bu ptissable. Thae Gov..rn,lent is pledged to the firmn.tionl of tihe road fromn I'urtlaad to IllHamiilton in tit next esions. uand this d ire onto of the grestest draw. backs to eomlmunicatlion with thu interior will be relmuvcd. The district has beent slhamef Jly neg. laiecd, and pus?ibly the governmllelnt may at last consalder thalt thle W'ester ports have ael gilt clalb uo the revenue they coatribute au a uaeans to furwaid taeessary ilnprovemlentls. TU'l. MusitcPAL. COUNCIL -T-ide body d. snrvesf.voirabl cosaideraatitn said I. duing wonders with the moaey placed at its disposal. Cuntra?ts aru out f3r Inuulliyg, kerl"hing alld tylakitlg streets und upon the whole our Council will contrast favyu ably with tiny lmnilariatitutiom in the co.ony. All ualneoasaury expenidittire has beets unt oif, otlicil sduaur'es reduiced or auiolt to ie rtduced, uid although wo uoccaisontlly exercise our ],rivilege of gruatbl ng lika true hIur Ilritonu u nsiiUtitutinaliy upposad to the sIurlikt atteiiipt its co-erlon or slavery, wO are secretly ipru.ltd that ollr Can.tcd It.hs laiaag.dl it iLt.utlcas so ccoolomicaily. (?t?LoNo CItihtL'IoN ItAca.-The fifth Ittel. colonial Chaunapiat r weeultptks e.tle olf oia VWednesady, lIt inst., and iar thie third tihnu Mir Tait, of New .-outh Wales was the winner. of course our Victoritan slortsmuen were sutlluiently clagrlined at the couttiauous succe.s of .ir. Tait, and great elfru tI will be iusdu lu order to detfat lhins u-xt tiultl. Elaevetl hlul started in the ruce and 'Tulcyruad was tlhe winner, l1amiw ill useao d and Aicasr a good till d ''tie race created great excilemunat sLad thousautlir d from u.1 partIa s of she colulles attendedh the r.uuing ground. Titm Fna.scrs llaTarr.-Shortly after to p.m, on Tuesday night 7th inst., the Frances ilcuty, Cairncross, miaster, cast anchor in the bay. The Frances lenty, left Deal, on 7th July, was off Plymouth, on the 9th, arnd has thus made the trip to our shores in 90 days. 'The Captain reports that "out of 15 passages frolu England the last has been the most stormy " she brings about 700 tons genecral cargo. BA.rrtsr CnIAuEL SotaEe.-The Baptist luarterly social meeting was held on Tiurs day, 9th inst., Rev. 8. ?Kelso presiding. 1Messrs. Iluntly and Hill addressed the mtcet ing, and several pieces of music at intervals during the eveniug enlivened thle proceed. intgs. The secretary announced that the sab. scriptions, &c.;, of the quarter were in excess of the liabilities. DLsArn rotM l)atLtaltU Tascus?s.-At the Coroner's inquest held Saturday 11th iinst., on the body of Edward Stevenson, a Portland butcher, the jurors returned a verdict of "Accidental death, whilst in a state of dell riaa tremens." Thile unfortunate mata left a wife and two children to deplore his untimiely fate. TsvuIEs Stu?s. -On the evening of 1Vedursdday, 15th ilnst., a thullder storma of cousiderable violence passed the town. Since then nup to the lpres:t, tie weather has beenL delightful. I'ucLIL Merse?so.-On Thursday evening last a public maeeting was called to consider the advisability or otherwise of erecting the Volunteer litle Ilutts on the North Bluff. Rlesolutions alHrttnatory of the ncessity for such a course were carried, but not without some vigorous opposition. SIral SAcmarcs.-lThe children of a gentle. senl at Merino are now earlning a shilling eacih per week by atotal abstinence, not ifrom luxuries, but those neccessaries knowu as butter and sugar. The accumnulated sLilhugsi go to swell the funds for the relief of Dis tress in Ireland. LEoIsLmtIvm AssGutl.r.--A writ fur tin election of a miember hasu tl?tin issued for the Electoral District of South Gipps Lunl ill tih alasee of George Dixon Ilhelly resigned. alt of writ 8th Octuobr, place oft' slaoiani tinU Palmlerslton, day of nominutionll 18th October, dlay of mlaling 24th Octobeur, return of writ 6th Novenaber, I?L2. ExTraIson or Coas .tosr.-W-'e have it onI reliable authority that the government lltas granted an additional 5,000 acres to the lFar aiers' Commlon at Bridgewater, and that all the iunsold land within the P'ortland Munici. pal bouuldary has been added to the existing lunicipal Comimon. A strip of 1,500 acres has been left for the use of the suburban dairy men North and South of the tovusithip. )Duasvr.--The Ar,ues ays, Captain Smith, of the Mary Ann Wlilos, fronl Ma.a lIht, brings four of tlihe celetbrated bleedling-heart doses, wlhich es it. liads ,reswnting to the Acclilnatiatitiu n society. 'l'hey ari In first rate order. EsTtla nltasa.s.--Tle .Iry?ls of VWeIties. day last has the Iollowilg :- ai uhbsrve t.aCt there have srrived, its sjilenadid coadiaioal, per tihe Dawn of Iflol, ll?sl Liverjiool, alter a pa?sage of J130 tlays. tIr i~ serb eautire lorie,, of the iurs Cll'de dle breed. ''lhel first (Uaniansiani, ail vs'ara oli,) is hailt brlather to tilhe lat. lanlsortld A'risaea Ciarlie ; sild tIi,, secoIda (Younll Ituob lity, thalrai y'ars otll,) is halt brolhr to thIe itely iporltetd sndl celslebrated Ilacek I.g; whilh the tIlirdt (CUi0saptroller. rlilsag tlir, years ohl,) has beel eslhlibtled live tisues in 1861, alst twsice in 1806. lie lass galiad saleI priuss, o0t, otf Ibes h ilsig the firtat as th Illighlands Siociety's Show at Iertls, in 1J4. 'liTiese hories were at Mr, M'C?aw's sistlales yesterday afllernuoon, alArT vialI l'UtLIt LinIlAltIs --fihIIIt lur lbio lelibrarle wall It take platco tIll altar 81st l)nscet~lher ieat. Tbt cosllions? are: :. irastS to le maslth in prolorlion tio L sums Itollrated by garivhat asihurltialoiis or local rates durispI tke areared year. ', No grant aSeJo|id £lJ0 to Io liali to any one Librry, 1, No grant to hbe malads to any such hiast tutio lhs ieduly estlalsliei ur IIo lse eltlilshedl in ileliouras, or a wlthis ten lises hIliererf; borasa ot Cppliction lar a share ol the grant sInI e ubtllainl at thil ofHles', ilitr tlhi, ltost Ulleealher nesat. Jolll O'slsiasAir- Utiet hetarg's Ilmel, lulbourtin, l3rd t)cto. Ler, lBOL 