A NEW GHOST STORY. We give the following story from the London correspondence of Saundet's News Letter without in any way vouching for its veracity .— Really what with Mr Hume, Mr Royster, and Sir Bulwer Lytton's 'Strange Story,' London Society, seems just now inflicted with a general phantom-mania. The last new phase of the malady is a ghost story, which has lately ob- tained extensive currency in what are called the ' upper circles,' and which claims for its be- lievers two counsel learned in the law, and the Lord High Chancellor himself; I don't pretend to vouch that the story can pretend to the 'ghost' of a foundation for its existence—I merely testify that it is being talked of by 'everybody,' and that the first question asked at most dinner tables is, ' Have you beard of Lord Westbury s ghost ?' The story runs thus : Lord Westbury lately purchased Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basingstoke, the property of Lord Bolton. Snatching a spare day or two to obtain a more minute inspection of his investment, he took with him two of the gentlemen belonging to big official establishment, both members of the learned profession. On separating for the night the bed-room destined for one of them a Mr R— was found to be on the opposite side of the hall to those of the other gentlemen : he therefore shook hands and said ' Good night' in the hall, leaving the others talking there. He had not been very long asleep before he felt himself awoke ; but could neither hear nor perceive any- thing. By degrees, however, be became con- scious of something luminous on the side of the room opposite his bed, which gradually assumed the appearance of a woman clothed in grey. He at firet thought it was an optical illusion ; nest that liu companion* were playing him some phosphoric trick, apd then turning round be composed himself to sleep again. Further on in the night Ire was awoke again, and then at once he saw the same figure brilliantly conspicuous on the wall, Whilst lie wm gaciag »t it it seemed lo leave the wall e.nd advance into the middle of the apjrttrent. He immediately jomj ed out of bed, rushed to it, and of course found— ? nothing. He was so. impressed with, the power of the delusion, that . lie fuanJ it impossible to seek any note sleep, woA as the 4*7 Was begin ning to break, he «re«-*d *n-| made his way into the groaod*. where be walked about for some time, pondering over tbe iRsstqa so forcibly produced apoa «i*t Oa liis return to bis owo mo« lie wrjri* oot t» exact aoctmnt uf what be thought he had ?ten, H being th«« quite dear M |nw tbat it was m trick plaretl by other*, bot timjif «o iiaHwwwtisw of his sn pr«.n-. A* { tlie breakfast table, however, be begin to fancy that be h»4 twen clcvetty imposed on br hw friend^ as they coqmeucei) at esee bantering him uei t:i* *aight1« re**,' Inken sJeep,' and m forth, Wi4-H-f toortcct them, if pomUe, be ITbtended wconseiawnesn «ad ntter Ignorance of tlieirmnn^ «W« to b» horror, e*» of ttoew I exc'aiiiH-'l. ' Come. c»me, don't think we didn't wee -'ie of the women in jtwit follow ton into ynijr roum last niyht !' lie lu-hed upaiaiis, pruJ|iceii his written acpnunt, -vb:cl| he give them to read — and the consternation beujine gencr.il. On inquiry uf course, they found the It-^reiid of a murder done iu the day' of yore; and the L»r-l Chancellor is supposed to be ex ceedingly vexed at an incident which has depi dudly «liut uu one, room iu hU house fur ever, if iiqt in all probability tabooed the mansion alto gether. 1 htt* much do tbe ' upper ten thousand' aver*— how truly is quite another question.' IkPian Jucglems — Mr. Thompson, in his volume on India, says: — 'Ti»e juggler culled me to examine bis eyes, which he opened very j wUle, aud roiled about in every drectinn. They were clear and exprei^ive. Ue then closed the | lids, put his bauda upon his hips, gave a strain, | then o|ieued the lids, and iu the place of hie j natural eyes were two bulls aa of finely-polished I steel, lie cln*cd the lids ??'gain, strained again, j opened tlie liJs again, and the steel balls were £iine and a rair of burnished brass ones i-Iiduc in . their stead. Oacc more he closed the lid*, and i on re'openiug tliem, looked at me with the eyes 1 bad just before examine.]. During the per' fiirmaiice of this trick bo never took his binds from liij* hips, .ind I was the only person near him. On lisinp, he called lo his son, and made him stand before rr.e. He the.-! asked me to iir *pect very carefully the youth's lefteide, to press my hand heavily upon it, to ruu it upwards and dawt-.w.irde, aud to be sure that there waa no lump below tlm tkiu. I did as I was told, and could find nothing but the ribs. The father then placed hi« own Anger upon a particular fjHit. and with an internment like a lancet made a slight puncture, and gut hold of (he end of a piece of course thre.nl. which be drew forth, be' smeared nt intervals witb blood. He continued lo draw forth the thread, iu one piece, until thirty or forty yards by upon tbe ground, nnd said be unuii go on as long [ wii-bcd, or 1 might draw it nut. mysc'.f. I declared myself satisfied, and he then clipped the thread clo^e to the skin, g.ivn the phtce a ruU, and nothing remained to fIiow that any operation had been performed.' — Star. Editormi. Pleasures. — A gentleman called Doolittle, educate! at Harvard Uuivenity, and a native ot Connecticut, was transplanted south to edit a violent party paper in a locality where *' revolvers'' ad uifinitum and a whole armoury of buwie-kniven had a strong influence in pre venting the frcedo n of speech. He held his situation six months ; was stabbed twice, was idiot three times, once well cudgelled, and thrown into a hnrsepond ; but he congratulated himself upon never having been kicked. lie retaliated upon his tormentors by shooting two of them as dead as doorposts, and then departed for more peaceful latitudes. A New York paper declares that this is a fact. Alligators to bb Turned to ^ccocnt, — A recent author says the time is not far distant when alligators will be called upon to di#c!iarge their obligations to society, and that the business of cutcliiiig them will nfhiij auoth?r chame for profitable industry. Oil of a very fine quality cm lie obtained from ulligflt'r«, nud it u con tidcrel most invaluable for pcild*, bu.ni, and rheumatism. ICxcilbut saddle* and beautiful bn- its mid shoes have bwti made out of their tanned i-kiug. Their b»rd, white, nnd nnlisheil teeth may be nied t..r a variety of purposes ; while under the lure fin' theie is an o'loiiferoiin ?Mi^staiii'e ipr-enli ing nin-k, «bieli,it U suppOHt-d, can lie employed as a rubatitute fur thut exjien' sivp artie-. COLERIDGE AND THE KITTEN—I once found Coleridge driving the balls on a bagatelle board for a kitten to run after them. He noticed that, as soon at the little, thing turned its back to the balls it seemed to forget all about them, and played with its tail. 'I am amused,'' he said " with their little short memories." HoLbnWAV's ril.M — Tl-.e greatest plague of life. — Mankind ut large have experienced the horror ot indigestion. No description of the malady ig required, for all have reoognited it in one or other of its many forms. Let it be known aside greatest comfurt to sufferers from dis ordered digwtion.tliat no medicine acts so mildly, and yet affords such immediate relief, as Hoi* lowayV reuowned Pill*, Young and old, rich and coor. active and eedentarr. dailr bear un doubted testimony to their safe and efficient action. One trial secures their future patronage. To all travellers, subjected to variable climates, differing dints, and necessarily irregular habits, these peerless Pills will prove a boon. Neither time, nor temperature produce any deterioration of their ingredients. 