\- - ? - - -* m DR. LIVINGSTONE EXPEDITION. (FROM THE TIMES.) The following letter has been received by the Rev. W. Monk, of Cambridge, from the great African explorer H M. S. Pioneer, River Shire, Jan. 2. 9\. My dear Mr. Monk,-I have very little inclination to enter into details concerning the commencement of the Oxford and Cambridge Mission, because I am sure that accounts have been furnished by abler hands, and I am not very partial to works of supererogation. I may say, however, that I am thankful in having contributed in some degree to precautions against a fate similar to that at Linyanti and I think if the missionaries follow the dictates of common sense, they are likely to enjoy good health while pursuing their noble enterprise. It was very annoying to find that the people of Tette had come along the path followed by Dr. Kirk, along the Shire to that village, and set up an extended system of slave hunting in the very country to which the mission had come. A tribe called Ajawa, had been employed to attack the Mangana villages, kill the men, and sell the women and children to the Portuguese for a mere trifle in calico. Four parties, with about 100 captives, fell into our hands, and were handed over to the bishop, as a beginning to Ina flock. They were chiefly women and children, many will probably leave, and settle in the country adjacent, but the remainder, entirely free from parental control, may be trained according to the will of the missionaries. In respect to these freed captives, the mission is more highly favoured than any modern one, except, perhaps, that of the Independents in Madagascar. King Radama protected a number of youths for instruction, but more for his own political ends than from i respect to Christianity in that island, however, the fruits have been unmistakably good, for the con- verts have stood the test of cruel persecutions after the missionaries had left Madagascar. I earnestly hope and pray that similar, or more abundant, success may be awarded to this new Effort to spread our common faith The good Lord bless the work of their hands. You cannot well conceive the state of disunion among the M anganja (in mercy call them Manatija, not as we sometimes hear it Mang ganja), the destruction of village after village produced no effort at union against the common foe. A message only was sent down to Chibisa, as he is believed to possess medicine capable of ensuring victory. The paramount chief, instead of aiding his subjects, kindly helped too slave hunters across the Shire We found that the whole nation were fleeing, and hoping to stop this and the effusion of blood, went to hold a parley with the Arawa. Unfortunately, we came to them than is the set of burning three villages. The bishop then offered up a fervent prayer, and with the accents of that prayer we could distinctly hear the wail of the dead, and the shrill scream for victory. As we advanced to their villages our assurances that we came peaceably were nullified by some K anganja followers calling out ' Chibisa has come ,' and very unfortunately, thought I heard it distinctly, it did not strike the mind till after March that we were thereby deprived of the protection of our English name, They attacked us on all sides with poisoned arrows, and four muskets, and I feel very sure that the law or were handled by Portuguese slaves The) certainly had the dress Common among slaves at Tottie, and there was a square house, such as Shares often built near the Arawa villages We retired slowly from the village, but this only made them, bolder, they came within fifty yards of IIB, and it was only by recourse to our brethren that we avoided all becoming food for vultures I am sorry that it was necessary for it was the first hostile encounter I have had in Africa Had I anticipated an attack, I should have used fair words and presents first We are, however, in the slave market. We were twice robbed in the sphere of an Arab dhow's slaving operation, about half way up LakoNyassa-the first loss by robbers I have sustained on the continent. Slaving 18 the parent of every other vice Life is of no value in the trader's eye A short time before we caught the first slave hunting party they shot two women, on pretence that they were trying to loose the thongs with which they were bound and I suspect the Ajawa, sitting us a very small body, and elated with continual success, thought it would be a clever thing to make an example of us. We had ammunition with us barely sufficient to drive them off, their attack was unexpected. Leaving the missionaries at a spot which to the eye looks as if he teen miles south of Mount Kembla, and which will serve till a better locality is selected, we returned to ship, and in the beginning of August carried a boat past Murchison's Cataracts. When we launched her on the upper Shire we were virtually on the lake, though still sixty miles distant, because the river is all smooth and deep, and has a gentle current. On the 2nd of, September we sailed into that inland sea. It is surrounded with mountains, and from them rush down furious tempests with great suddenness. Tremendous swells get up in fifteen ports on by minutes and had you ever crossed the bar at Quillimane you would know what I mean when I say that terrific rollers come across the lake with wall-like Sides and hairy heads, breaking in from seven to fourteen fathoms. We were once caught a mile from the shore, and could neither advance nor recede for six weary years. The men, all dreadfully sea-sick, did not care how soon they went down, as they were dead thready.' The rollers broke either before they reached, or after they had passed, our anchor- age. The boat behaved admirably, mounting up the steep billows like a sea-bird, but one roller breaking on her would have ended our exploration. After this we were less venture come, and listened to the utterances of our son man, John Neil, as it he had been an oracle. We sailed along the western shore, and found that side to be a succession of bays.- The southern end is shaped somewhat like Italy on the map. The ankle of the boot is the narrowest part, eighteen or twenty miles wide. It expands towards the north to thirty-five, then to fifty or sixty miles. The length is over 200 miles, probably 225\. The depth is very great. A fishing-line found bottom in a bay at 100 fathoms, or 600 feet ; but a mile outside none was felt at 116 fathoms, or 696 feet. There are several small rounded rocky islands in the lake, wkiobt are covered with forests, uninhabited, and used only OF fishing stations. Detached rocks just out adjacent to these islands, and to all the rocky headlands, which will be dangerous to navigators'. With our present knowledge, a ship could find anchorage only near the above. Fish abound; and a prodigious population inhabit the shore, and they catch fish by large nets, reels, hooks,, torches, or poison. Alligators, very well fed on fish, seldom or never molest man, so we could bathe in the cool waters when we chose - a luxury not be enjoyed in the hire of the Zambesi. The people are civil, no dues were levied or fines demanded ; but playing is the only trade. Colonel Rigby, our consul at Zanzibar, says, in a letter to Sir George Grey, that 19,000 slaves pass through the Custom-house there annually, all, or nearly all, from Nyassa or Shire and he adds, ' If it should ever be possible to place a steamer on Lake Nyassa it will cut off the chief supply of slaves to the east coast.' Without knowing that gentleman's opinion, we have ordered a steamer from Glasgow in twenty-four parts, which we hope to carry past the Cataracts, is our next work. We expect her soon, and I shall not pen a syllable to you, or anyone else, till it is accomplished. I pray to Him in whose hands no ' our times' to permit me to accomplish this great service. Then a path to the sea by Rovumn, of some river in the dominions of the Sultan of Zanzibar, for we must have an outlet to the sea uncontrolled by the Portuguese. Fancy the folly of our allies ; the Government builds a post at the mouth of the ice, to be enriched by cotton dues, while the people of Tette do all in their power to depopulate the country from which the cotton is to come. If we have our own outlet, the cotton-field, now 400 miles long, will be prolonged far to the north and west, and our own English honest poor may live on the islands and become bles tinge to Africa, our own sweet home, and to themselves, These are my hopes, and it ought; to be borne in mind that my expedition should be dated only from the possession of the Pioneers We were forced to return by want of food, when, as we have reason to believe, we were in sight of the dark mountain masses in which Lake Nyassa ends. A tribe of Zulus, originally from the tenth, had made terrible havoc among the Lake people. We don't know why, as we received only one-sided statements, and never form an opinion on that sort of evidence ; but human skeletons and putrid bodies of the slain strewed the shores Man's inhumanity to man makes' countless thousands mourn,' I met Seven of these Marire or, irialuB ; they behaved much as we may suppose old women of either sex would do if they fancied they had seen a ghost. In view of this tribe wandering up so far, it strikes me that the more work Christian people attempt, the more their Master gives them to perform. The bishop at the Cape, with his Kaffir College, is probably fitting missionaries to labour much nearer the equator than he ever contemplated. I always rejoice to hear of efforts to spread our blessed religion, no matter by whom, (or I am sure that He who is head over all things to His church condescends to accept the hearty, though often feeble, offering of His people, and will ss Ide all the glorious consummation. 'This college seems a admirable institution. Frequent terms rendered it inadvisable for us to attempt crossing to find out all about the matter for ourselves! It was the first time I ever was forced back without accomplishing what I had to do; but had I time to tell you all you would sees that further progress might have proved fatal to us. We returned to the uppermost cataract, slung our boat to a shady tree, and walked home, having In three months travelled, in going and coming, COO miles. Anything: ' print a growing interest in the mission of the church will be always welcome ; eye frantic efforts to diffuse information ought to be made. We lost one being particularly prone to grumble, I think there is room for a growl at the missionaries) enlisting for three or five years only. It is) probably from want of knowledge of missionary work in Africa ; very fear? leave Africa without ] wishing to come back again, so it may all turn i out right at last I hear that the Free Church of Scotland contemplates a mission out here ; and the United Free Methodists are sending 1 another mission, under Dr. graph, to the east 1 coast, There is room for all, and more than I will ever come. Burrup, Dickenson and Clarke. J came up the Shire in common country canoes, 1 without knowing a word of the language, or a bit of the way. Burrup'camo first. In the dusk ' of the evening of November 13th, I discerned a ? canoe struggling down a point of the plans < Dskanamois. Some English words emitted there- 1 from made me prick up my ears, and I said, < 'Pull to the port side.' ' What side is that? a reponded Burrup, A capital follow is he. I am extremely obliged by the kind greetings 1 which you send me, of Professors Sedgwick] i Selwyn, Browne, and the Master of Trinity, 1 An approving nod from such men is very grateful 1 ful. With kind regards to you all, I am, &c.;, < " DAVID LIVINGSTONE." I -___-_____------ 1 -1 MARRIAGE OF PRIESTS. The Civil Tribunal < eï Pórigueux has been engaged three days in j beating the important question discussed, as to i whether the French laws allow a person in holy orders in the Roman Catholic Church to contract marriage. The case was brought before the same tribunal in February last, when M. Brou de Barriere, who is in priests. orders but has retired from exercising the functions of the Ali Henry, applied to the tribunal for an order to compel the mayors of Pórigueux and Cendrieux to proceed to the celebration of his marriage with Mile. Elizabeth de FreBsango. On that occasion, it may be remembered, the Court, consisting of four judges, was equally divided, and a new trial was ordered, and in order to present the recurrence of a similar incident, five judges were ordered to sit on the bench. After the counsel for M. Brou do Laurier had stated the case in the same terms as on the first trial, the counsel for the mayors declared that their clients did not oppose the application, and should defer to the judgement of the tribunal. The Procureur Imperial then rose, and strongly opposed the application. He declared that to permit the marriage of priests, would be most injurious in a moral point of view, and quoted the opinion of Portalis, who says : " There would no longer be any safety for families if a priest could choose a wife and abdicate his ministry for the purpose of marrying, A priest has more facilities for seduction than any other man ; there can be no security against him, if seduction is encouraged by the hope of marriage. Fathers of families will be exposed to continual apprehensions, and inexperienced girls will be always at the mercy of unprincipled immoral priests. Religion would thus offer snares to virtue and resources to vice." The learned gentleman concluded by expressing his conviction that the Tribunal would never authorize a Catholic priest to renounce celibacy. The Tribunal, after due deliberation, pronounced the following judgement :-" The Tribunal, considering that, according to the Code Napoleon, marriage is a purely civil contract, which may be made by all citizens whom it has not formally declared incapable that it would be vain to seek in our laws a prohibition against the mar- rage of a Roman Catholic priest, since he does. not by taking holy orders lose any of his rights as a citizen that the organic law on public worship, of Germinal, year X, is as silent as the code on this important point that when the legislator is silent, it does not belong to the judges to supply his omissions, by deriving from moral and religious considerations, doubtless worthy of all respect, but having no root in the civil law, a prohibition which the latter does not contain ; or those reasons the tribunal, determining the point left undecided on the 8th February, 1862, by the opinions of the judges being * equally divided, and certifying that the mayors of Paris green and Cendrieux have deferred to the decision of the bench, declares and ordains that the said civil functionaries shall proceed to the publishing of the banns and celebration of the marriage of Bros Laurier with Elizabeth Frcsssngo and further ordains that mention of the present judgement shall be made in the marriage registers of the said communes of Pórigueux and Cen- dreux; and condemns Brou Lauricre to pay all the costs." _ j LADIES' RIFLE-SHOOTING.-A novelty connected with competition in rifle-shooting has just occurred in Holywell, Flintshire. At a Volunteer life and contest, at which prizes were offered by Lord Feilding and the officers of the Flint; battalion, to the best marksmen, six Holywell ladies competed for the Bright Eyes Sweepstakes, with Enfield lilies, Shooting from a rest, three shots each, at 300 yards range. The greatest interest was excited among a numerous assemblage After some excellent shooting, the score stood as follows Mrs. Ashwin, 8: Mrs. Cope, 8; Miss Briscoe, 4; Mrs. Wolstenholme, 5; Miss E. Williams, 4 ; Miss Edwards. 6. On the tie between the two first-named ladies being announced, the excitement was so strong to gain a near view that the spectators could hardly be kept within safe bounds. After firing another Found, enthusiasm rose to the highest pitch, as Mrs. Ashwin scored a centre against Mrs. Cope's outer, thus winning the victory The Times, July 28." WRAGG. V. BROOKE, THE TRAGEDIAN. Mr. G. V. Brooke has lately passed through the Bankruptcy Court at Birmingham. We extract from a local paper the following particulars of his last examination c-Mr. Nelson (for a creditor). -What became of your theatrical dresses? Months ago they were purchased by Mr. Young. Do I understand you to say that you have no dresses of your own ? I have very few but very few ; the greater portion of my wardrobe was purchased by Mr. Young, Where? Here, in England. When did you sell them The greater portion of them I sold when I arrived in England, In May. Can you tell the Court what you obtained for them ? £120 on one occasion, and ¿£(J0 ena previous one. Your petition was filed on the 24th of May ; had you any portion of the money you received from Mr. Young on that date ? to ; I believe I had not. What did you consider as the value of the wardrobe still retained by you ? Very trifling indeed. Were they worth £100? No. Where are you going now I am engaged in Liverpool for the next month. Upon what terms, may I ask ? I have a shore of the money received beyond £25 every night, In further examination, the bankrupt stated that he had been playing in Bolton, and the nature of his engagement was to share the house, he had made about £17 last week. The week previously he cleared nothing. Previously to being engaged in Bolton, he played in Manchester for a month. At the expiration of that time he received about £20, but that was clear of everything. It was a risk In front. Mr. Nelson then, in a delicate manner, asked the bankrupt if he was a married man. He said he was, but he had no family. Mr. Nelson then asked if his wife was an actress to which Mr. Brooke replied that he was married at St. Philip's Church, in Birmingham, twelve years ago. His Honour granted the discharge, and expressed a hope that in future the bankrupt would be more successful than he had recently been."- London Paper. 'JUE ASYLUM AND THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. -The Commissioners in Lunacy mention in their report just issued that an incident occurred in the past year in one of the metropolitan licensed _ouEeswhic.il called for serious inquiry, A patient, a member of the House of Commons, attended in his place in Parliament, and took part in a division on an important public question. From the certificates, it appeared that this gentleman was subject to delusions impelling him to violence and rendering him dangerous to others. On his name being observed in the division list, the commissioners wrote to the resident medical superintendent to inquire whether he was still an inmate of the asylum, and in reply were informed that he was, and that, although very much better, he was not considered well enough to be discharged. They found that on the morning of the day of the division the resident medical superintendent, accompanied by the patient, consulted the proprietor (himself a medical man on the propriety of permitting the patient to take part in the vote that night, and state this interview the proprietor impressively named the patient, in the presence of the medical superintendent, of the serious danger that he might incur in the event of such an act. The medical superintendent, however, on his sole responsibility, and in the absence of the proprietor, allowed the patient to go to the House of Commons at eight o'clock in the evening unattended, and to remain absent until nearly two o'clock the following morning. The commis- , sioners considered that the proprietor has been guilty of neglect and they felt that, although the superintendent was in their opinion kind in his treatment of the patients, he had, in the exe reine of duties confided to him by the proprietor, been guilty of a grave branch of professional trust, and that they had no alternative but to require him to resign his post The Times, July 28. INDIA. THE PERPETUAL SETTLEMENT." Sir 0. Wood has sent out a despatch to India sanctioning the great project for extending trio " perpetual settlement," now in force in Bengalla over the whole of India. This "settlements' J carrots in a promise never to increase the Government quit-rent for land beyond the figures attended at the time of settlement, thus leaving to the proprietor the benefit of all improvements, I the measure will not be made law at once, but contended over the provinces as the leases fall in That is, on a rough calculation, it will cover the north-west immediately, the Punjaub by 382, Bombay by 1870, and Madras by 1887 . But these periods will doubtless be dintii.islied by the consent of both parties. The three despatch I annuls the order allowing the redemption of the land revenue, which, however, cannot be cancelled till 1866. up to which timely idea I ¡ Government has pledged' itself - 