A CHINESE DRAMA. Tlio Oliinoso begun "to ' represent upon tliu stage, nt a vory early period, tho sorrows nnd tho ccoentrioities of humanity. From facts related by their historians it may be inferred tiiat dramatic rcprescnla'ions existed in China in rcrjr ancient times. Tho Chinese aro a lively people, and aro fond of tho excitement pro duced by showy simulations of ancient historic events and clmraetors, nnd tlio burlesque of strange nets and incongruities. Music, though very nnoieht among tliom, lias not reached oily high degveo of cultivation. Tlio simple sounds heard in nature, tlio sounds omittod by ringing stones nnd metals, formed tho commencement. Tneir chant wns something between singing nnd saying- — a kind of recitation. Tho art of dancing formed tlio chief of thedramatic arte. It was vory different, however, from the perfor mances of modern times. It consisted rattier of elegant posture-making and gesticulations, liko tho ancient classical pnntomiino. Stories are told of tlio origin of tho drama. They say that tributo bearers, from certain barbarous tribes, created so muoli ridieulo on coming to court in their strnngo dresses, bandaged heads nnd logs, especially by their movomcnts wlion thoy did obeisunco boforo the Emperor, that liis Mnjrsty ordered representations to bo mndo of tlieso individuals. Tho torriblo griofs and rejoicings of f- antic women also aro said to have given riso to imitative dramatic represen tations. The lesser arts connected with the atrical amusements wcro not wanting. Dancers oil silken ropes performed witli agility in China thousands of yonrs ago, as Ma Tivnnlin says. Flying, stilt-walking, sleight-of-hnuci tricks, and jugglery of all kinds were practised. Eat ing fire, and emitting volumes of smoke suffi cient " to obscure the sun," were among the arts of tlio popular stago. Puppets had been in voguo Ufieen hundred years beforo our' era, nud it is not unlikely that the drama wns cultivated then. Tho strong tendency for imi tation which mnrke tho Chinese people — induced by their early education, and strict rules in tho relations of life — would lend us to expect to find tlio drama among their original institutions, which were fixed and settled ut a time when Europe was but just emerging from barbarism. The object of tiio drama is, by tlio nctuul representation of tho deeds of heroism, the virtues of antiquity, and tlio rewards of meri' — by holding up to ridieulo tlio vices and irregularities of human practices — to exeito in tho human heart feelings of mngnnniinity, of reverence for virtuous character, and ubhor- ronce of vice. And this hits been the aim of Chinese writers in all ages. Tlio wliolo litera ture of China, with thecxception of a few coarse novels and the lowest class of ballads, aims at tho moral development of the race from infancy to manhood upon tho principles in culcated in their ancient classic writings. The stage is comparatively pure, and the tendency of their plays is to elevate tho popular mind. Comedy is more 'frequently performed than tragedy, hut tho general character of Chinese theatricals is tragi-comic. Buddhism and its peculiar dogmas has been a well- wrought subject,- and, indeed, the superstitions of tho nation, with tlho manners and customs of the Chinese and their tributary kingdoms, ' have been all represented by the histrionic art. Tho periods in which tho drama was especially nourishing were tho dynasties of Tang, Sang, Kin, and Yaen, all renowned periods in Chinese history. Tho play usually consists of a pro- iogue and four acts ; tho performers seldom more than five in all. These took various parts: ono played tho morohant, anothor tho aristocrat; one tho devotee or the priest, another tho part of a gay or a ludicrous character. The female parts were performed by young men. The plot is not always well worked out ; one or two principal persons, however, are kept prominently in view, and tho scope of tho play , is generally well pre served. Tho unities of time and place are not strictly observed. Deities and ghosts enter into tlio performances sometimes, and the supernatural is often brought in to heighten tho effect. The following plot of a comedy designed to illustrate the rewards of virtue according to Buddhist notions may servo as a specimen, and ab uno dirco omncs. This play is tho eighteenth in the collection called " Tlio Hundred Plays of Yuen." Its title is, "Mr. Lung's error in investing Money for Payment in the next Lifo ; or, the Debt of the Future." Tlio play is in four acts, with a prologue. In the prologue the two principal persons are introduced. In this ease, tlio second personage of the cotnody, Mr. Lee, comes in and recites a verse alluding to his misfortunes of sickness and poverty. He de scribes himself, liis parentage, and circum- stancos, how being left an orphan at an curly ago, and having no turn for literary pursuits, ho devotes himself to business ; but being un successful ho is obliged to borrow two dollars from liis fellow- townsman and friend, Mr. Lung. With this ho sets up agniu, but in a year ho loses everything. While in these circumstances, ho happens to bo passing one day the magistrate's court, when tho officers aro punishing by a torturo an individual who could not pay his debts. The cries of tho poor man, nnd tlio recollection of liis own position as Mr. Lung's debtor, bring on a fit of despair ; he goes homo and t akes to his bod., In this stata of indisposition lie is 'brought upon tho stage. Tho prin cipal parsonage, Mr. Lung, a wealthy Buddhist, is then introduced. He describes himself, tells how rich ho is, how that he had lent money to Mr. Lee, who, instead of pay ing him with fourfold intorest, has lost every thing, and is lying at home siok. Ho deter mines to call and see him, and ordcra his steward to tako two dollars and tho original bonds with him. They proceed to Mr. Lee's house, and find him in terror at tho approach of liis creditor. But Mr. Lung con soles him, and makes kind inquiries after his health and tho cause of ills sickness. By a series ot cross-questionings ho finds out tlio real stato of tho ease ; ho then (aside) ronsons with himself on tho probability of his gotling bis debts from half liis debtors, and rollccts that the bonds which lie holds cannot increase his wealth, wliilo thcy enhance tho debtors' miseries, bo ho resolves to burn them. He forthwith forgives Mr. Lea the debt, presents him with tlio money which ho lias brought with him, and orders tho bonds to bo burnt, and then nsks him how bo feels. Leo professos to be well again, and regrets that ho Bliall never bo able to ropay in this life, but proposes to be the horse or tho ass of liis benefaator in tho next world. Lung is well nigh offended nt this, as ho makes a free gift. But Lee persists that tho reward must come somo day. Lung insists that it is a gift, tnl goes off loaving Loo to soliloquise. Tlio scene then changes. Mr. Lung teaches bis family somo of Buddha's doctrines on tlie vanity of covotousncss. " All man," ho says, " liavo tho noturo of Buddhn." If any court riches and tako bribes, this nature cannot bo perfected in them. Thoy ore liko ohildron eating sweet things with a Blinrp knife ; they nro sure to cut their tongues. He reminds his servant that tho bonds ore notyot burnt. To tlio inquiry of his wifo why he hums them, lio gives no reply, but tells hor not to ask again. A Buddhist priest, Mr. Tsang, 011 passing that way sees tlio smoko of tlie burning bonds, and calls to inquire. Mr. Lung receives liim gra ciously, tells his story, nmbreccives tlio praises of tlio priest, who after a good deal of flattery and dogmalio statements about riches and tlio rowards in the next lifo which attend upon charity and self denial in this, is pressed by Mr. Lung to tako a bar of gold and a wcll-eapa- risoncd liorso us presents. Tseng refuses to take tho presents, but assures Lung that such goodness would meat with largo recompense in tlio noxt world. On liis departure, Lung proceeds to burn inccnso to Buddha in liis diflorent apartments. On coming to tho grinding house he hears tho miller singing, and tells his Bervant to call tho old man out. This scene is, perhaps, tho most amusing of the whole play. Tho millor, whoso sobriquet is Lo-lio, comes to speak to his master, and asks what ho wants. Wo will give nu extract from tho conversation ; — ' "Master: You woro singing just'now. You must bo very happy — tell ino how it is ? " Millor : My siro, you say that I was singing, and that I must bo very liappy ; but your poor servant, io alwnya miserable. I earn ovcry day twopence. I riso very early in th'o morning ; first, I select tho corn, nnd when I havo selected it, then I Bift it ,- and when I'vo sifted it, then I wash it; when I've washed it, then I dry it ; and when it is dry, then I grind it ; and after it is ground, I sift it again, and so you seo lost I should go to sleep and lose my wages, I sing nil day to keep myself awake. Whero does my happiness come from ? I am most miserable ! " Mastor i But what aro those two slicks . over your eyes ? '/ " Millor : Ah 1 you want to know what tlieso sticks- tiro for. Why, sire, as I am at work all day long, from moniing till night, I am so afraid of going to sleep and making somo mistake in tho work, that I invented this contrivnnco to keep myself awake. Ah 1 I am n very wretched man. " Muster : My child, I will release yon. Tlio Hour house, and tho oil-house, and tho mill, shall ba shut. up. " Millor : But if you don't open the mill, I shall havo nothing to do ; and if I leave your liouso, I shall perish of cold and hunger. illUBlul S V-/ 11 il l'UUU!£ilt/ BiriKUS UIUi Stoward, tako a dollar and giva it to tho millor. " Miller : What is this called ? " Master i That is money. " Millor : Cnllod money is it ? I never Baw tho like. What do you do with it, sir ? "Mastor: It is good for feeding and clothing you. " Miller : Good for clothing and feeding, ah i Ono must havo good teeth ! " Master : My child, you may break jit up and buy food nnd clothing with it. " Miller : Ah ! I will change it to buy tilings 1 But what, siro, shall you want rae to do for this money ? " Master : Nothing, my child. I only wish you to-day to go out nnd do a little business with it, and tlio.i at night get a good sleep. " Miller : All 1 now I understand, siro ; I understand. " (Tlio master sings nn air.) "Milleri Sire, I Lo-lio confess my faults. Yes terday I stole two measures of corn of yours, and I went to tho Long street bazaar and had my nativity oast. Tho nstrologer told mo that on this day, in this month, and at this time, I should got rich. And hero you, siro, liavo given mo this money. That astrologer knows his business. "Master: Now go and buy tho tilings you want. " Millor : Thank you, siro ; tliank you. (Exit Master Lung.) " (Millor, alone) : Thcy call it silver — silver. Who ever snw tlio liko ? This is real, silvor ! I must go homo ; tlio old gentleman told .iiio to go iiomo and get a good sloop. Who ever saw tho liko ? All, well, it is silvor monoy 1 But hero I nm at homo ; this is my little room. Let mo bar tlio door. And now I will look nt my silvor. Yes, it is Bilvcr monoy, suroly ! Ah 1 undor tlio grato among the ashes will ho a good pluco to hide it. But now I will, put. it in my breast. Nobody will think it is thore. -I lioar the public watchman calling. (Ho gapes.) I will go to bed early ; my master told mow get a good Bleep. (Ho lies down to sleep and presently snores, and calls out ill his sleep.) Why nro you pushing mo ? This is the public street, tlio king's high way. There is a place for you and a placo for mo. Hands off! Why are you squeezing mo? Tako your hands from my breast. This silver ? whoso is it r w njyni-r. jjung gave it to mo. it is my monoy. Givo it to mo again directly. (Ho awakes.) Ah ! I must havo been dream ing. I will look whether my silvor is sale. . YeSj liero it is. I drenmt I was robbed on tho highway. Whoro shull I put it now." Ho puts tho silver uuder tlio asliesj and lies down to sleep, when ho dreams that the house is on fire. 1 Ha deposits it in a well, and dreams that tho wliolo land is floodod. He places it under tho doorstop, when ho dreams that a burglar attempts liis life, and tries to steal- lib monoy. So, wearied out, having passed a sleepless night, ho resolves to restore tho money to his mastor who guvo it, whoso lot it was to sleep soundly though ho possessed : hundreds, concluding that his own fato was to j grind com still. . j Tho wealthy Buddhist goes on in his good work, as ho calls it, of burning tho bonds and bank-notes, notwithstanding the earnest re monstrances of liis wife, who shows hiui that lio will reduce herself and her childron to beggary. Moreover, he determines to eacrifieo Ilia wealth, and proceeds to sea with chests full of money and precious tilings, for tho pur pose of destroying them in tho ocean. But ho fails to sink tho boat, and is obliged at last to throw everything overboard. Various divinities appear to him at different times and givo him counsel. Ho is reduced to povorty, and compelled to earn a livliliood by baskot- makiug. His daughter takes the baskets to sell, but meets with little success. On one UUuliDIUIl U pilCOv LIIUCU UUI D IU ODIIUvU IILi ; IftUL upright oonduct, however, provents the realiza tion of his plans, and her admonitions movo tho priest to repentance. In tho fourth act tlio gliosis of several persons appear io tho principal personage, tho once rich Buddhbt, and upon bis making inquiries from tliom they are found to bo old debtors of liis, who are now raised to divino honours, and wish to do him somo good sorvice. Amongst them Mr. Leo appears, and tho priest who had urged Mr. Lung to burn the bonds and make other sacrifices. Tho latter then praises Mr. Lung and all his family for their virtues, and so tlio play concludes. This comedy is intended to ridieulo Buddhism, in requiring of its votaries tho sacrifico of this world's goods to secure rewards, by way of payment, in tlio noxt lifo. Spectator, 26th April. A New Answer to toe Old Question. — A little girl was overboard in Pultonoytown tlio other day putting hor younger sister through her catoohism. Sho commenced, as usual, by asking, " Who made you? to wluoli tho proper reply was given, aud than coma tho furthor query, " What aro you mado of?" to which tho answer was prompt, but not so explicit as wo thought desirable. Tho dittlb questioner propounded an impromtu query, " What kind of dust ?" evidently with tho view of eliciting tho answer, " Dust of tho ground." However, there woro mora things in tho philosophy of tlio littlo catechumen than tho elder had over dreamed of, for, after a thoughtful pause, sho replied, hoppily, " Meal dust!" Being next pressed to say whero sho had picked up that idea, sho naively replied, "Havn't I seen my motlior making tho parritch ?" Older heads do not always reason so corrcctlv from obvious nrcmisos as did tliis ittle philosopher. — John O' Groat Journal. 