~[~ MORPETH. , . ! , ' Oaou. orjn oonnBSPONDEHT.] , I OCTOBER 7.-We have boen watohlng with Borne anxiety the prohibition, bill for ptoventlog future grtnta to' ministers of religion. In its progresa thrortgh tbe , Legislative Connell, the State-aid men have looked ripon it aa bill to prevent the inoreaseof trna religion, It 1« i surprising that suoh men aa Thomson, Kemp, tte j should be eo blind to the ioflaenoea of thoso principle* whioh are li orating the world from ita old thraldom*. Sorely they will have the good sense to soo tho reason- ableness of tbe prosent bill, and not send it book so mu- tilated that Ibo people's representatives muBt'rejeot it. If they ore wise in their own generation they will take oars and lot it pass. Another leeBim will plaoe a very different bill and then, perhaps, tba eyes of tho blind! will be' opened, The Primitive Methodists, a voluntary section of the Christian community, held their annual missionary meeting in Morpeth on Monday evening. The audienoe ' was large, and the principias ennnolated met with a hearty response. In the apoeoh of Mr. James, the sta- tioned minister, the following statements were made in reíeronoo to tho success of the voluntary principio amongst that body of Otariationa : - Tba origin of Primitive .Methodism W«B very feeble, though very opportune. Its members were few, end far from being opulent. The first olass consisted of ton members, who had bean brought to Oud through the in. fitramentality of Mesara. Hugh Bourne, and William CIOWOB. Thia was the nuoltua around which tho trlbOB of our'Israel have gathered. In our origin, we reoog niBO tho hand of Providenoo. God has raisod us np,to accomplish a great work ; to attain a prominent posi- tion, and to exert. an influenoo for good on tba world. At preBcnt,,wo have770 ministers, 13,411 looal preaobera, 111,180" Cburoh mombnrs, 160,037 Sabbath soholars,' taugot by not lesa tban 31,707 teaoborc In strnggling to thia piton of greatness, our barque, has had to steer against wind and tide. Many of- our,'early ministers were from the humble walks of life ; they were neither favoured with intellectual varnish, nor oollogo loro ; bot il they weio not giantB in intellect they wera not dwarfB in piety. Tbey felt a love to God an< ardent-desire for tho ((salvation of Bonis) this induoed them to warn sinners tc lee from the wrath to oome. In tho prosean. (Inn ttia!'. a'À.b h*A tn " .... .J n .a ' .«n"V ...IV.il.... and Buffeting ; the most deteimlned hostilities1 aver where awaited tbem ;~ violent assaults, savage brutal ties, bonds and imprisonment fell<to their lot. Yel despite the pride of offloe and thepomp of powér- . ' ' , .' ' Th« Ilute blood Irntésias still,' ?1 .' ' ". -. ' ; s Whloh flrat iroio upon Mow hill. . . «.??'. ?> i Our barque has been BOOB re, though of ten" in the bosot ol storms) aha has outrode tho fempest.lsnd passed 'tb lightnings'of'human Vengeance .eoathlessi < Primitiv Methodism is a marvellous prodigy-i moral pyramid- s'national hoon/ and, we think, a neoeasity. !I has struggled out . of Its. sativo obsoutltj smiling ' at the inflexibility of 'its opponents sod this she has dona on the voluntary principle Only fifty-three years h.d poseed away since tho orgsni aation of our connection, and wo havo not less that flail plaoos of worship. Sumo of those aro noble rr?i floes, furnishing sittings for 3000 people, THs spoaki well for tho voluntary principle. Our ministers have been supported by tho pooplo ; they have never been fad at tho table of tho State, nor have they ever received a ponny from the Government Troasury. ' Wo pnf.T tba voluntary systom. With us it has done wonderB.--We bollovo it to bo thu Scriptural moth'd.: We beliovo State-aid to be on injury rather thoa a benefit'tb , troo roliglon. Christianity does not need such', a ' miserable subterfuge. Lot ii then bo untrammelled. I Lot lt ttand rr fall by its own merits, and we do not fear conBiquonoce. Sho will breatbo moro freely by being net f ea from Sta'o fottars. Sha shall win her widening ' way till infidelity Bhall Oy abashed boforo har.- Tno gory raonslor of paganism ahall give ap the ghost ;, the demon of war ehnll bo hurled I rom his throne; t^o towering foi tresses of Iniquity shall bs brought down, and the, vic tarions banner of truth phill wayo in triumph o'er, its ruins.", i - , . i . A National Behool is on tho eve of belüg established. IA favourable answer has been received from the Hoard,' and an efficient trfsohor will ba immediately appointed, i j > Wo'aro about lo lose one 0¡¿Qur most useful msgk-! (rate, an old resident, > arni a ra,aiu universally. lespoalcfl,* í Mr. AH min DM been appointed police magistrats to Goulburn. The appointment tr Ul do (rat credit to th« : Cowper Government. A meeting is to be. hetd at tho ; Globe Ion, on Thursday, to present bim with a testi- monial of respeot préviens to hf» departure. .Tho town of Morpeth ia also likely to be honoured by tho establishment ol a newspaper. We ahall tbns be) enabled to speak more diitinoily for ourselves, and ta ' state more fi eely and effectively tba wants and tba eapabilititiB of the rich diatriat around na. There are many more buildings in progress, whioh ia 4 e abort time witt give tbe town a very improved ap- , pearanoe. Tbree very irrge abopa in the eentre of tba ? tows are nearly completad. Tba whole ara already lat 4 to enterprising men of business. A large infant school- - bouse, witb teaoherV residence is raising ita front under the auspices of the Bishop. The Episcopal Church ia about to be enlarged and greatly beautified. The Wesley, n Me kodiata are oontempl iting tbe «rte tion of a new and cemtnodioua plaoe of worship, to which» , in all probability, a miniater'a residence will he attached. - The Court.bouso and telegrenn-oftW «rc »ow com* ploted, and rexxpeetod tn b- opened ,in tbe course of * - week-iii« tue ior >hr administration of justice, end the ' other for the tratiBmiaaion . f trutt. We learn that tba . business of the telegraph offioe bas increased very maota i within tbe laat tit months. ? ' A robbery was committed on the premises of a newly man led couple between eigbt and nine o'clock last Saturday evening, and within the very preeinota of Ibo watch-house. It appears the young couple left their borne about eight o'olook for the purpose of narkeling, '?' 'and returning about an hour afterwards found the watoh - and a locket gone. Upon going ii.to the bedroom they found a box opened and its content] ransacked over, but nothing gone except a £1 note whioh bid been placet}- ' in the locker previously to leaving the house. Tba back door waa fonnd open; but tba ribbers'appear to bave ottered by tba back window. The watoh and tho loo'et' were lound in the back.yard on the'following , Monday broken to pleees. It is supposed the robbers well understood whait th<-y were doing, and had watohed tba par iea leaving their borne. S'epa have been taken which, lt is hoped, will lead to tho detection of fha drpradittor*. , , " 