THE CHILD'S DREAM. A BALLAD. December, and the stars are bright, The air is keenly cold, The moon looks down with silv'ry light, Upon a frozen wold, Upon a hut which stands alone As cheerless as may be, Amid a waste but sparely strown With stunted bush and tree. The snow has drifted with the blast Against the cottage door, And it has lain a fortnight past, Three feet upon the moor. The thinly curtain'd casement through A taper shoots its beam,. Like glist'ning gold the icy dew, Shines in its lengthen'd gleam. The faggots blaze, the cricket sings, The shadows spire and fall, The kitten sports in endless rings, The bird sleeps 'gainst the wall. A mother sits at work within, A child plays at her feet, And tries a word of love to win, With prattle soft and sweet. A tear is in the mother's eye, Looks sadly up the child ; And wonders at that struggling sigh, Through lips which seldom smiled. "Why, mother, sit so still and weep, And wherefore never gay? Thy father dear is on the deep, Wash'd by the frozen spray." "Three years ago, this very night, Thy father went to sea, Two years have winged a heavy flight, Since last he wrote to me. And now alas ! if not long dead, Deep, deep, beneath the wave, He hath forgotten, or hath fled, Or hapless weeps a slave." "He is not dead, nor gone away, Nor does a slave he sigh, The angels told me this, and they To children cannot lie. I dream'd I saw my father's form, Above the white sea foam, I saw him battle with the storm, I heard him cry for home. "Again I dream'd. The night was cold The cold fell thick and fast, The wind howl'd through the forest old, The clouds flew darkly past, And then I saw my father lie, Beneath the drifted snow, The worn and broken bridge hard by, Which spans the brook below. "I heard him shout, and terror hung A strong chain me around; I tried to speak, but, O! my tongue, Would utter not a sound. And it was terrible to feel, That I was as one dead, I pray 'd, although I could not kneel, And then my anguish fled." "And lo ! a lady fair and bright, Above my pillow stoop'd, Her brow was as the morning's light, Her hair like sunbeams droop'd. Her voice was as the songs of birds, When sadly sweet she said, My child, hear gentle Jesus' words, Thy father is not dead. "And as her voice died on my ear, The night came back once more, The snow, the wind, my Father dear. As they had been before ; I saw him struggle bravely yet, It broke my heart in twain, And when I waked my cheek was wet, As though with sudden rain." The widow'd wife uprises then, And murmurs "God thy ways By babes have oft been told to men, To Thee all love and praise. She lights the lamp, and with her child, They cross the cottage door, And with, disordered step and wild, Walk on the frozen moor. With shiv'ring frame, and hearts awrack, They darken through the night Like ghosts in cerements of black, Led by a phantom light. The wind it moans, the heavy rains Of hoar frost, almost chill The loving heart blood in their veins, But Hope supports them still. They pass the oak by storms o'erthrown; The moon shines on the stream, Fast chain'd by ice, still as a stone, It glitters 'neath her beam. There's not a sound the night to wake, No moving thing is there, Save yonder willow's twigs which shake Above the hawthorn bare. But, God was there that winter night, For He is everywhere, Though hidden He from mortal sight, He answ'reth mortal pray'r. To know this is a bliss indeed ; O ! Christian never stain, This brightest jewel in thy creed, "Man never prays in vain." From pulpit, altar, and from grave, O! Pastor ever preach, O! ye who are to heal and save, This joyful lesson teach. "The loving God, who made us all, Be what we may, or where, If firm we stand, or low we fall, He listens to our pray'r." "There, Mother, there ! Just in that nook, I saw my father lie, 'Twas there I saw his frenzied look, 'Twas there I heard him cry." "William! Husband!"— sharp and shrill, The names ring o'er the plain, They echo 'gainst the distant hill, And all is peace again. Hush! Mother, hush! I'm sure I hear, A low and rumbling sound, I'm sure I heard a whisper near, Behind yon rising ground, With joy so painfnl, that it stays The heaving of her breath. And full of hope which doubt delays That anguish nigh to death, She instant stands, then with loud shriek, She springs across the snow, Heart, soul and frame are all too weak, She sinks her joy below. But woman, loving, suffering sex, Too strong in all that's good, How little, man, your suff'ring recks, Because not understood. Men hold themselves supremely first. In all they say or do, But wrong'd, and by oppression cursed, To love, a woman's true. She has redeem'd the debt incurred. When first the world began, For her one sin, she has conferred, A thousand joys on man. Arm'd with her love, a fearful strength. To which all else must yield, Which has no height, nor breadth, nor length, Man's blessing, and his shield: She overcometh joy and fears, She sees her husband's face, She bathes it with her happy tears. Then kisses off the trace. "Speak, speak, to me,: she murmurs low: Her blood runs fast and warm, And as she sobs, she tears the snow, From round her husband's form. The wife and child, they work and pray, They weep, and then they smile, And tender words they often say, The moments to beguile. Dear willing souls, the cold may freeze, The ice snow numb and burn, Heedless of all, upon their knees, All thoughts of self they spurn. "Ellen! Ellen!" - "Husband dear, A little, little while, Fear up, be strong, and never fear, The angels on us smile." The moon now pours a brighter light, Now! now, they've cleared the snow, They chafe his limbs, and then upright, He stands the skies below. He reels like one that's drunk with wine, Then totters to her breast, The stricken oak leans on the vine, Its tendrils him caress'd. "Home! Home!" he whispers, "Home, dear one," And back the way they thread, The battle's fought, the prize is won, They reach their humble shed. And by the blazing fire they sit, The husband, mother, child, Each soul is by devotion lit, Of ev'ry fear beguil'd. And thrice the child hath told her dream, Her horror and affright, The hope which through a joyful beam; The lady pure and bright. "And said I not that lady was An Angel from on High, And said I Mother, not with cause, The Angels never lie." WM. JAMES ROBSON. 