T7TPST COMMUNION AT CAMDEN. On the 8th instant, the children of Carnden and Us neighbourhood, to the number of about 35 r p.de their first Communion. For some -weett prsi they had ? been constantly under the instruc 'tion-of i he Very Rev. Dean R-gney. A_ class wi.; specially formed for their instruction, which at fits was numerously attended, but was gradually re duced, leaving those only whose knowledge of the awful and' most- important step about to be t-.ken was. sufficient to warrant the Dean in adiwittin^ them to first Commur.ion. Some of the ehildier had to travel a long distance : even as much r.s 12 miles had to be gone over before hey reached Camden. Early in the morning, mere were visioie signs that some interesting ceremony was about to be performed. Girls dressed in white were soon seen wending their way to the school house at a short distance from the Church j and by nine o'clock all had arrived. A procession was formed; and, two by two, they proceeded to the Church— the bojs kneeling on the Gospel side of the Church, and the girls occupying the other seats in front of the Altar. Dean Bigney havirg called over the names of the young communicants, and having seen that' all things were ready, proceeded to vest; and, then, turning to the children, addressed them as follows : — _ ? ? My Dearest Children in Jesus Christ— The happy hour haa arrived when -you are to receive your First Communion. This is the great day that is to put you in posession of your dear Redeemer, His body and blood, His s--ul and divinity. You have come to this Sanctuary now to offer 'your hearts to Jesus in the Most Blessed Sacrameu', and to tender Him a cordial welcome when He- gently and lovingly comes into your bosoms. For this blessed hour you have longed and sighed ardently during the preparatory exercises of the last two monihs. Behold the time has come. Your loving Saviour is at hand. He comes to knock atthe door of your heart. Open then to Him joyfully, and cry out in the inspired words of the Psalmist ? ' This is the day tJie Lord hath made, let its exult and rejoice to-day'' But, oh ! my poor children, are you n3t frightened at the presence of His Majesty ? Do you not tretnble to approach and touch His sacred 'bod}? Yes,' my dear children I know your reverence -foi His august presence. I know you feel now bef.r Him your utter poverty — your helplessness an;' sin fulness, but you must take courage, and come n ? Him when He sweetly calls you to Him; II you- Tre poor and weak and sinful, He' is 'sthY merciful and good God to make you rich and strong in grace and virtue. Come to Him then and like the father of the Prodigal child He will receive you ' with- outstretched arms. St. Mary Magdalen shed floods of . tears over her sins at our Saviour's feet and she found mercy in his sight — ' Many sins were forgiven her because she loved'' Jesus so fervently an- grieved so bitterly for having offended him in hei youth. If you, my dear children, have offended your' dear Saviour grievously in your past lives, I know: that your heaits are grieved for it now, 1 know that many of you have cried warm tears ol sorrow over your 3ins. You have all humblycon fessed your sins to the minister of God, and' lib Nathan at the confession of penitent David,' th.- priest has absolved you by the power of God, -.The Lord also hath taken aioay thy sin.' No, belov i- little ones, you must not fear that Jesus will desp s your humble and contrite hearts. He always loved children, and now He comes to you in the Blessei Sacrament to show- you how much He loves you.. Did He not become li.tle for love of yo-. in His Elessed Mother's arms? Did He not mak- himself little, and an outcast for love of you on th hard Cross? And has he not still farther reduced him self in the Blessed Sacrament, that under the butnblt \- appearance of a little bread lie might conae in'o ' yoarheart, might have the delight of being witl. you so closely, so fondly ? ' My delight is to be luith the children of men.' Only do you return him lovt for love, give him now the warm, fervent love o; your, heart. This is the love that your lighted candle represents, as the spotless white m whichjyou are clothed represents the innocence and grace, thai ought to adorn you within. Ask of God to giveyoi this love of Jesus. ' If you will ask the Father any thing in my name it shall be given to you.' A k love,the love of God. Ask the Blessed Virgin to pray for you. She loves her Jesus, as never oth^r mother loved her child. Mary's love of Jesus transcends the miK-t ardent love of the Angels ami Archangels, of the highest cherubim, of th purest seraphim. Oh pray to her that some smnll v spark of her sublime love of Jesus may nov. l-* given to you to warm your poor soul into devoti.n- and so to prepare and furnish in some measure, tin house of your soul for the visit of your kind an gentle Saviour who is coming to you. On thi gre u festival of the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Love, the mutual Love of the Fatl.er and the Son,— th third person of the most Holy Trinity, ask the grace of loving Jesus, and may that benign Spim who once descended on the children of Christ in the form of tongues of fire, inflame your youthful hearts this morning and make them by his sevei. fold gifts, worthy tabernacles where Jesus in tin Blessed Sacrament may love to dwell. —Amen. Daring the delivery of the above touching ad dress, many of the children were sensibly aff.ct' d ; asd the parents of many of those present must hav felt an inward delight at so interesting a scene All the postulants had wax tapers in their hands, which were lighted as soon as the priest began th ' Pater No ter.' At the ringing of the bell, wiiei the priestsays the ' Domine non sum dignus,' the boys approached the Altar steps, two by two, and handed theii candles, which were at once exii.) guished, to the teacner ana anotner gsnueman wn kindly lent his assistance on the occasion. ? Af r the boys, the girls followed in the same order Immediately on the conclusion of Mass, D a Rigney repeated from the Altar steps the Aspira tions after Communion, taken from the ' Gardei o - the Soul,' the Litany of Jesus, and the hymn ol thanksgiving, the ' Te Deum.' 'Mist Huh. Trinity' was then given cut, in which the c'r.ldien joined ;' and it was sang very nicely. A proc-.ssion was once more formed in the same manner as before Masr ; and they returned to theschool-n om, where breakfast had been prepared. This room was very' tastefully decorated with green boughs; and pn -the tables were large, .ham'.oiDe boueir ts When all were seated, the children sang theii ' Grace before meat;' and at onct began the operation of demolishing the heaps of cakes, poultry, bread, and other good things which Dean Rigney had provided for then ; and from tlv number of relays which were continually placed or, ?he tables, ample justice was done to the meal. The morning drive of most of the children had, np parently, sharpened their appetites. When tlie\ had performed ibis part of the. programme, thc-j again sang the 'G:ace after meat,' and returned in the same order to the Church, to be present a' the eleven o'clock Mass. When this was over, th children joined their parents, most of whom hud been present, and returned to their respective homes 