A CHRISTMAS CHAT "WITH ARISTIDES. to a consummate ass. I have carefully porueod tbo odd vapouring of your donkeyehip, nnd I have come to tbo oonelusion that you havo proporly denominated yourBolf a " Consummate Ass." In my some what extensive vocabulary, I cannot find any more appropriate nomenclature for you. If yoa will road tlio tenth satire of Horace, you will gain an instructive lesson. A portion of it, M rondored by Dr. Phillip Francis, runs thus : — " 'Tis not enough, a bursting laugh to raise, And yet even this, may well deserve its praiso; Closo bo your language ; let your sonse be olonr, Nor with a weight of words fatigue the ear. From grave to jovial you must change with art, Now play tho critic's, now the pool's part ; In raillpry assume a gayor air, Discreetly hide your strength, your vigour spare. For ridionlo shall frequently prevail, And oat the knot when graver reasons fail." Now I commend this oxtract to your especial consideration, for your language is difihne, your meaning obscure, and shrouded in is " weight of words," reminding me of tho penny-a-liner's trick of spinning, called " piling the agony." You find fault with mo for calling " tour excellent friend, Blair," nn ass. Well, I am quite willing, as they say in Parliament, to - withdraw tlio oflonsivo expression. Only I must say " your excellent friend" looked so can wonder nt my mistake. Tlioro were his long oars, his braying, nnd obBtinooy, nnd if theso bo not tbo outward signs of an inhabitant of assdom,I should liko to know what aro. You toll me, however, thnt " lie is no fool," nnd that " ono of these fino mornings we sliull find bim making for a pleasant anchorage and laughing in bis alcove, etc." Now if ho does what you prophecy of him I shall bo disposed to regard him as 'a proper specimen of tlio truo colonial " Laughing Jackass" — and you, as his precursor and prophet. As you proceed in your wordy torrent, yon show unmistakablo oridcnco of having spent your Christmas as most human donkeys do, i.e., ill overeating and ovordrinking yourself. On no other supposition can I explain your allusion to a "commentary" ou thb St. George's Hall meeting, whioh I neither wrote- ; nor saw. In conclusion, let mo inform you tlint whilst " I havo witnessed your gambols without pniu" I havo not done so without pity. Tho Iamontabla spectacle of on ass bereft of the very small intelligence which usuully fulls to a doukey's portion, nnd wlioso energies havo been warmed into insanity by Christmas revels, is one which makes bleed with commiseration, the heart of ARTSTIDE3. TnE Jesuits' Oath. — At a lecture pivon by Buron do Camin, on the subjoct of " The Jesuits, the Spies of tlio Pope, and Napoleon tho Littlo," the lecturer stated that Oardinsl Wiseman had takon tlio Jesuits' oath, in sub stance as follows : — " I, Nicholas Wiseman," in tho presence of God, tho Holy Virgin, tho Holy Ghost, the apostles, patriarchs, oto., vow, without hesitation, thut I will obsy all orders and commands from my suporiors — I will never reveal the secrets of the order, but will wago war against any country, set people against monarch, or monarch against people, wife against husband, son against fathor, or any other part of the family. I will go anywhere, commit adultery, treason, murder, or any crime which I am ordered for tho good of my order ; if I do not ray tongue shall be dried up, my blood shall be turned to water, and my eoul shall go to tho devil — bo help mo God." 1 — English Paper. A Serious Affair.— After tho ordinary businoiB of the Police Court on Tuosday, Mr. Culken informed tho Bcncii that Sir. J. F. Ryon had given himself up to tho police, under these circumstances as described by himself.- He said that when returning tlint morning from Purvis's reef, four men nttaokod him in Kidd'e gully, nnd that as ono of them was kicking him when down, lie fired and wounded him, but not seriously as lio then got away quickly. Mr. Ryan was enlarged upon his recognisance for L50, nnd ho then laid in formations ngainst tlio partieswho had nssnnlted him. One man has sinco been arrested, but the story about firing nnd wounding is stiid to bo involved in somo doubt. Somo persons throw discredit upon the statement that there was tiring ana wounding in tho case. — Eagles- ford Express, 27th Decombcr. Tub women katiier like the Invasion; — A letter from Chnmbcr3burg, Pennsylvani where the rebels were expected every hou-' says — "The women rather like the invasion'. It is odd that far less anxiety was exhibited hy women than by men. They snt tranquilly on their door-steps, and only the older ones appeared desirous to leave. The young ones had heard that Southerners were gentlemanly, on-1 often good-looking. Female, curiosity was excited, and anticipated uo harm. The girls, therefore' were ns lively as at a strawberry festival, nml trotted nbout witli supremo indifference." ' I just feel like laughing nil the time,' was the remark of ono maiden, which well illustrated the , sentiments of the rest," I Y.'ohst Lady's Habit. — rvinoiinq, | and the sooner slic throws off the liabit tha . better. — Punch. 