JAPAN-Oüß LATEST ËDËN. :| (From all th» Year Round.) I LATEST of our Utopias, nnd youngest of o earthly Edens is Japan. It was ni' DOW sonsntii ~ to us, in coaly, foggy, conventional England, hear a long-known country newly described na lovely scene, with a magnificent climate, whe the men were gentle, proud, and bravo, chivalroi in their ideas of honour, heroic in thoir ee] rospeoi ; where the womon were free and liononre and the ties of homo and family strictly , kep ?where the arts were cultivated, scienco undc tood, politeness studied, and all the outwai . orms of civilisation in rion, nllowanco : a countr nevertheless, in which not n. germ of Western cu ture liad taken root, and religion, laws, literatur and language were all as different ns if a secor family of tl:e Iiuraan race had boen saved in » independent ark of its own-a family not even c speaking terms wi h that of Noah. Everythiri in Japan wea strange and foreign to our notion Its double government of spiritual and tcmporj autocracy-its Mikado and Tycoon ; its Harika: or nappy Despatch-the accepted form of payiu debts, acknowledging errors, or getting out of scrape; its public bathings, where mon nn womrn splashed together like so man Tr.tODs and naiads, in swcot unconsoiou ness of shame ; its paper pockethandkerchiei and two sworded dignity ; its isolation, pride, an contempt of foreign goods, both moral aud con merciol-all was so unlike anything to be foun ' behind tito Btarchod neckcloth of Europea Booiety, that people wont wild with curiosity an tbo desire to bear more of this strange now lane which came always before us, like one of th fairytale countries of our childhood. Nothin. irou'd have surprised us as port of the nature life of Japan. Fiery dragons, salamanders whos habitat was a flaming furnace, birds that talked and flowers that walked-we would have tte cepted them all BB quite ol possibility in the lam .which the Fusiyama shadows , and tho domi-goi Mikado governs. Aa for tho peoplo-proud a Paladins, simple as Arcadians, and nubile as th subtlest rabbinical schoolmen-not Voltaire1 Huron or ^Rousseau's Primitive Mon would hov created more excitement at a west-end soiree, thai «lid tho first announcements of what thoy wer like, and how they lived and tilked and transacte -tbo ordinary business of life. It was tito unveil ing of the shyest and most re'uctnnt of all th virgin nations ; but, poor beautiful innocen Japan 1-sh o was happier when hor voil wa drawn close around her from brow to foot tho: she will ever be again when free to evo ry hand am revealed to every eye. Tho latest of our Japanese interpreters is Mi Consul Hodgson, who gives us in a few li un dre Trages, his adventures during a year's consulship a .Hakodate ; his impressions concerning the trentj Low it has worked and how it will work ; an some account of tho country and islands neighbour ing Hakodate ; so far, that is, as he was ullowo to visit thom: Mr. Consul Hodgson might hov «lone moro for his hungry readers here in England but, though it is provoking tb bp served with onl, a few half-ripo hedge-row fruits when a whol orchard full of tho fi ti est kinds hang within read of plucking, yet wo must bo thankful for ovci Lenten faro, when otherwise wo should go empty Landed. Japan is both hotter and colder than England ut least, to much of Japan as is contained in th towns and districts of Nagasaki o nd Hakodate It is fr »zen to its very .heart when tho nor th-wea ?winds, blowing over the wide ice-plains ofSiberk bring thnir burden of frost and BHOW ; but, whe tho warm south comes up, from tho Pacific, the: Japan is all on fire, and only to be quenched b; tlie deluges whioh pour down incessantly ilurinj the rainy months. Months by no means piensan or satisfactory ; for the heated earth steams uj like a vapour bath, rusting your metals, and mil dewing yonr finery, and eating into your body ant bones with rheumatism and all tho other dieeasei to ho found in a porpotual vapour ba li. Then tht snakes and scorpions and rats swarm ont ir crowds ; then centipedes hide in your shoes, ant! crawl, up" your wife's whito muslin dress os eb«, sits tranquilly in her drawing-room ; end beetlei bury themselves in your pockets; nnd sorpontf look in ot your papor windows while you art dozing off into blissful dreams , of home and sofl green midland lanes ; mosquitoes singing thou war-chant over your prostin'e body; and thc thousand-and-one noxious reptiles which lovo thc rainy days of hot climates- thoso huge washing days of thc tropics-como round you as familia guests, and make you regret thc biting east wind« and brown fogs of your own native land. Add to which enjoyments bad water and little of it, if you aro at N ognski (tho best and plentiful at Hakodate), no milk, a Boarcity of butcher's meat, not tho ghost; of a pat of butter, and a govern- ment spy at your elbow whorover you turn, and you Imvo aotno ot tho moro prominent draw-backs to our latest Edon-a few shaded spots just to show off tho brighter colours with more in- tensity. All Japan is not so bad as this ; but, Unluckily the places assigned to tba foreigner,-generally parts of temples-roro low, damp, und unhoahhy, and so situated that cvory disadvantage of elimata and country is moro keenly felt. Has this been a Jut of Jnpnneßo polioy-tho polioy which finds it- self forced to yield to tho moral force and su- perior knowledge of its six hundred foreign guests, lint which yields unwillingly, and puts DB many unboiled pons as may bo into thoir shoes? If theso aro tho dark spots, the bright ore un enormous amount of unwrought mineral wealth, die richest natural beauty-such flowers I such birds and butterflies !-a doliciotis climate in _ the «pring and autumn, a pooplo friendly if rightly taken, and capabilities of com mcrcinl improvement beyond the most speculative hopes of tho moBt Banguino adventurers. Üiifortnnntoly, our traders tried to grasp too much nt once. Fancy through what a commercial crisis those stately, quiet subjects of tho Mikado must havo'passed, when, instead of thc two Dutch jjalliots and the couple of Chiuoso junks' whioh, for thc last two centuries,.wore the solo foreign ships ^allowed to enter once a year into their ports, four- teen squaro-riggod vcBsels were in tho Nngasaki ¿arbour at once-fifteen thousand tons of ship- ping crying out with honrso voicos, " Trade, buy, pay." Knoll a monstrous domand ns this could . not create an adequate supply in a moment. ^Manufacture? and commercial productions do not spring tip like Jonah's gourd, in a night; and tho fifteen thousand tons must knock about the Jap- anese seas yet a little while, beforo tho wax, nnd rico, and tea, and silk, and wheat, and oil, whioh thoy required cold bo put rm board, and tho hungry supercargoes sont away rojoioing, \- _ Again, how could tho Japanese troasury find in four months change in " itznbouV' for millions of pounds sterling? This was about tho amount naked for by tho invading morrliants, with immense iliftplcnstiro and bullying when rofiucd. No Wonder that, with aitch fabulous desiros from without pro- visions nnd manufactures rising to fumino prico all . ovor tho country within, tho sudden discovery that they lind buen parting with thoir . sacred gold at ' out!, third its real value, and Bolling their gooils ot a hundred per cent, profit to tbo stranger, wini at suoh înfiuite inconvenience to their ownjpeoph tho Japancso officiais were annoyed and terrihec and took to subtleties and delays-to thojssuin of worthless paper, "tools," which the strange! would not talco, and then to tho "foreigners niuhou which tho natives would not take. This lat seemed to be an arlmirablo stroke of policy, raisin up nu impenetrable but legal and unagçre3Biv borrior between themselves anti thpir voraciou visitors. And so it would have bren if the COUMJ hod been men of dolióte nerves, or weak wills bat they made such a furious foss about tho p»p< which was not good on 'Change, and the silvoi which would not pass in Japnn, that theso tw acute schemes were abandoned, and the puzzle officials at Yodo left to devise other plaoB to kee back the tide, or give themselves harikuri if the failed. The Japaneso really wished to keep til treatio?, on'-y the trading nations were too sutlder too impatient, too excessive, and wanted to .ft their hams before thc grain had been sown, or th ground even prepared. Then ensued quarrels an misunderstandings ; and, to the impetuous "YVCBI ern temper, the ondless delays consequent on sent ing to Yedo for permission lo say or do wha Bficmed inevitable ss tho sunshine, were inox pressibly trying ; then tho want of command ove tho language, and the lengthy forms an ceremonies, costing such hours pf pricelee time, and thc subtlo intellect alwayB plan ning ways of legal but dis?ppoujttng escape and the ruined fortunes of ^>en too hasty nm too confident, nil made the first days of th famous treaty days of turmoil and confusion. Th strangers reviled the natives, and the native reviled the strangers, and the beautiful gardens o the new Eden wero lound tenanted with tho in evitable serpent-a serpent with its scales of gob and silver itzabou?, its crest of paper tads, and it backbono an indefinitely prolonged and unwel como commercial treaty. The trading strangers too, not content with demanding on amount o money which no treasury in the world, and scare half a dozen of tho richest united, could supply added a dash of tho gent's peculiar humour to th transaction. Men owning, perhaps, a thousan dollars, if so much, put down their names fo millions of itzabous-such names as Snooks, Jacl Ketch, Walker, Nonsense, Brown, Jones und Rob inson, &c.; ; so that we can scarcely bo surprise if, with greediness sot off by insolence and val gar i ty, thc porplozed and outraged Japanese triei to turn their baoks on their invaders, and wishei to tear their treaty to ribbons. Unfortunatol; for them their invaders aro the strongest, and th bond of fato and sorrow lies hoavily on them The very gods thomselves pronounced against thi treaty and the : admission of tho foreigners, am sent down messages of wrath in the cholera a Yedo, and the death of their king. These di sasters souled aud consecrated the treatios. Th Japaneso understood those messages, thoy say; em know now that their ancient gods have forgotto to bo gracious, and that their innovations ar diäp'easing * to Heaven. But . the treatios ar signed, and tbo square-rigged vessels persist i visiting tho Japanese harbours. Ono great difficulty with which the consols am merchants have to oontend, is the excessive cor tempt felt in Japan for all "akindos" or traders. 1 native merchant may not ride on horsoback, am our consuls and merchants had to obtain a spocia oxomption from this civil disability. A nativ merchant ia admitted only throngb tho small sid doors of the oflioial residence-the great or contr gatos being opened only to the dainties or grandees but the Americans or Russians-Consul Hodgso: doc3 not know which, nor do we--ineisted on chaDgo in this; and kicked open the great centr gates for the consuls of all succeeding time, thu establishing another lino of demarcation botweoi themselves and thc.native akindos. Tho contcmp for trado is os intense now in Japan os it ever wa in our own days of Ivanhoe and the Knigh ts Tem plnrs. Thoso akindos, so despised and humiliated arc almost the only Japanese men who ever oute a pince of worship, f avo, indeed, for certain im portant publio or privato matters, which cannot b performed without priests and bonzes, the daimios or two-sworded dignitaries, aro never seen insido i temple ; hut women, children, akindos, end beggar congregate there to pray, feast, or bog, accordiuj to thoir needs and nature. Tho templos indeod, are tho favourite pio-nio pluccs ; am who'e families, laden with thc Japanesi version of tho Ascot hamper, come up to then to pass tho day in nltcrnato praying ant foasting, if tho bonzes are omiablo ant disengaged, and will perform the needful cere monies. Sometimes they aro disobliging, ant say that, the gods have all gone out to visit tin Mikado at Mialto, when tho poor pic-nio-makcri have to go home again, and eat their good thing; unexcitodjy, behind thcirown straw mnts and pnpei windows. Tho Japancso aro not very religious, ncr yei very superstitious ; a combination, however, to ht found among thoir slit-eyed neighbours, th« Chinese ; and though tho priests ha>o greal power, nnd tho demi-godhoad of Mikado is knovvr and confessed by even thc most cnl'ghtencd of thc dnimioR, yot tho temporal government restrains thc spiritual, and thc highest bonze, like the meanest akiudo, is absolutely subject to the power of tht law. Those proud and iudependent daimios, who, like our own feudal barons, aro always warring against tho encroachments of the Tycoon, nnd who will some day forco a Japanese Magna Charts out of n Japanese King John, submit to tho pre- tensions of "their Popo at Minko-that r-tatc doll which is pulled hy strings and moves ns it is bid moro out of conversation than respect, and because they dread tho unknown moro than thoy dislike tho known. Of thc bonzes there are mnny.sccts and degrees. One sect hoing allowed to marry and cat meat; a second forbidden wivos and meat, and con- fined to rico, vegetables, fish, and sweetmeats ; o third bound to one particular spot, nnd so on ; but all dressed alike in tlio half-womanly costumo which priests have delighted in-long black gowns, falling to thoir feet, and looso hanging sleeves-blnok, if for ovory day wear, but of tho brightest and gayeBt colours when tho grander services of the tomple aro to bo per- formed. Whon thoy aro in their finery thoy wilt not condescend to speak to a Christian or a foreigner; but, armed with crook and mosquito whip, drivo him away, as they have just boon drivitfg away tho ovil spirit from tho neighbouring cemotry or. templo. Thoy teach tho doctrino of ono supreme and ineffable Boiug, unnpproaohablo by man savo through the modiumship of mnny minor gods, each of whom has his special and peculiar province ; ono ruling tho Bea, another the air, a third the flowers, a fourth nil mannor of boastB, a fifth mankind, . a sixth tho sun, a seventh tho corn, ano so on ; ono for each separato circumstance or attribute of nature. To infinonco theso gods, and obtain' their blessings, tho Japanese usd tho prayer wheo,,, and grind out a certain length of writ ton supplication by means of a handlo and a cylinder. Those prnyor-whoola aro in groat request, and to he mot with everywhere liko orussos in ionian' Catholic countries ¡ 'espoclnlly at. every ceniotcry, where a good vigorous (urn helps to rclcu/.Q Hip poor suffering souls from the grasp tho evil . spirit. Tho Japmose ui thrir cemeteries by private subscription ai always choose some more titan usually beautii position-a grove, or tho brow of a bill, or by tl sido of a running stream, or anywhere olso th a poet pr on artist would approve. They kei the temple nnd buildings uttackod scrupulous clean ; and in the inner sanctuary, where tl« rango the urns containing the dust of the dea and the marble, jade, and soapstone tablets lo vins: record, a light is always burning, and tl whole is placed under tho special cbargo of a prie specially attached. Death sta'ks through Japan accompanied 1 great pomp. Fir*!, just before the sick mon die or immediately after, that subtle mysteriot powder, called ,f dosio," is dropped into his raoul and cars, whereby tho body is rendered porfoctl . pli.iblo aftor death, so that it can be bent int any position, and made to fit into any lend i square tube about three foot high, which answci the purpose of our mois bu'lcy coffin. This eoffi is then placed in a sedan-chair or norimon, an carried by four men into the yard of the tera c cemetery temple, whero the bonzes have arrange on avenuo of straw or reed candlesticks decorate with whito paper, each s'ick holding its real t imitation candle. I Tp this avenue the poor doa limp thing, enclosed in its square tube, is carrie by tho bearers, escorted by a few women dresse in tho brightest robes, but wenriDg whito crop veils over their hcad3, and by some officers of tl police in full official oostumo-two swords, sil trousers, and stiff blue and whito wings. Here tl: procession is met by the chief bonzs and hisinferic priests, and they begiti the most diabolical di and noise possible to imagine. Tomtoms beating Bhrill voices screaming, and a big kind of bel used only at funerals, ringing out i s brazen notei confuse the evil spirit so that he cannot hoar whs the soul is about ; while he is still further pe: plcxcd by the whole oompany scampering roun and about before the inner porch of tho templo soampering about in such loud and noisy tu mu that he cannot seo tho tube when they all rus frantically with it into the inner ;emple. By thi clever devioe he docs not know where the soul ha gone to, so must grope about with his cruel pan I empty until-a less carefully guarded victim i brought within his power. Still the voices or ' howling, tho tomtoms beating, and the big be ringing, while they rush so franticstlly into tho ten plo, where they find a little whito shrine, Borne, thing like a pagoda, all deoked with white flower and lighted tapers ; under which they lay th square tube, while the bonzes rood a few prayen boforo delivering up the body lo tho burners. Th body is then taken away to the proper place an burnt, and the ashes aro gathered up into an ur which is placed in the most sacred part of th " tern," to be lighted up, watched over, and th soul belonging still kept from the power of th demons, if prayer-wheels ore good for anything i the spiritual world. By the way, the burner i completely isolatod from society. He may no enter a houso or shop, and must even pick up hi pay from tho ground where tho relatives hov flung it, so strictly is the ban kept up. But he i not dcBpisod like our executioner. Perhaps hi taboo is sacred, like some of tho Otahitcon forms but it is complete. If not actively religious in thoir own way, th Japanese aro yet singularly intolerant at on; attempt at proselytizing or converting. 1 li massacre of the Portuguese at Fapenberg wa mainly on account of religious interference, ant the Dutch have kopt their favoured placo" onl; because thoy consented to creep and crawl undc religions indignities which dostroyed their powe of converting. This is a hint to our own mis s'onary societies and thoir emissaries, wbos presence at this timo in Japan would be like i match to ii gunpowder barrel, and would blov the who1 o concern of commerce and treaty to tin winds. Intolorant and tenacious, the Japanese i also thc most nristociatic and punctilious, as ho ii tho best bred mon of his time. No vulgar repub lioan levelling for him 1 No wild French révolu tion ideas of natural equality and tho rights o man, of the reign of reason and fraternisation c classes 1 Every ono in the empire would revol at 6uch socinl impiety, and tho very poor them- selves would refuse si sinful a booo, For overj one in tho empire knows his exact place : the verj spot whore he ought to sit in I ho presence o his superior, and who, to the shadow of a hair, ii his superior ; the very words ho ought to eay the compliments to return ; tho orms he maj bear; the dresses he may profer ; where ho maj rido, and when, and ho* ; with various othoi still smaller matters, reeled out and plumbed, uni measurod by instruments that never fail, lhere is no mingling together of noblemen one meohnnics, and one class trending on tho IICOIB o: another, ns in our sad old countiy. 'J hore kir gs aro kings, at.d lords aro lords, and dirt is dirt, What a now losson for tho Japanese daimios tc learn, that with God thero is no respect of persons and that every mon has rights of which no society can lawfully deprive him I When official visits oro poid, or, indeed, on] visits atoll, the order of tho wholo proceedings if mopped out with curious exnotness. The mnnnei and matter of tho introductory and complimentary speeches is as well known, and as much ot course, as tho introductory handshake and " how' do you du" in England ; tho oxaot position of each visitor-always placod at your lo't hand-lind whero J thc seat must ' bo an inch pulled for ivnrd, and wliero on inch thrust bock, ie olso pre cisely known and arranged ; and how tho gatee aro to be oponed, and which gates ; and how tho bows aro to bo mado, and what bows ; when thc onc-sworded servant must oppronoh the tvyo sworeed official, chango his shoes for clean now sandals, unbutton his oilodpnper watorprool cloak, and relieve him of it, his hat, and umbrella; at what preciso moment in the conversation tho longest sword is to ho tnken from its silken sash, and placod carefully against somo solid pieca of furniture; whan the talk may bogin, and in what order of spooch and speaker; nil his as clearly marked out as the lines on his shoot of paper linos which may not bo departed from under any condition whatsoever. Of throe gontlc mon who always moko official visits in company, ono is tho spokesman and mouthpiece, the other tho referee,.the third tho acknowledged government spy, whose duty it is to noto down every word ns it is tittered :-when, woo to his two colleagues if thoy go a hair's breadth boyond tho instructions voceivod from Yodo, or assumo as much freedom of action and irresponsibility ns wo would allow a common secretary I Every syllabio is written down in 'tho tablets which each man carrios in tho bosom of his robes, nnd in an in- credibly short time-for tho transmission of nows and the exactness1 of report rank among tho marvels of Japan-tho wholo conversation is sont to Yodo for. tho consideration of tho oxcoutivo. Then thorn is nothing for it but a grand fens!, gay dresses, and the neat, elegant manner of performing tho harikari, if either tho mouth.piece or the referee dins given tao fret* fl translation to his instructions and dared tn sp ak olli cf hi« own heart arid understanding. " IndividualityV in nn.offiolul is what tb« exooutivo never forgives, Tbo harikari is sure tobe self-administered wi and propei ly, if the man has been properly broug up ; for it is one of the earliest and most importa of all the lessons given to youth, and hovr to c himself open in tho form of a cross, gracefully ar nf atty, and without wounding his bowels, an eve moro necessary part of a gentleman's educatic than how to hand a cup of tea with Stein form and gosture-which, perhaps, rani as the lesson next in value ; and considerate One of-the two swords always worn is special devoted to harikari. A Japanese carries his pocket in his boson ".'coure smong the crossing folds of his gnj coloured robe is his paper pooket-kandkerchie his tublots, chopsticks,medicines, the sweetmeai which he gives to women nnd childron, his poi oils, compass, calendar, and a hoät of minor thing: For this folded bosom is a more enpaoious omn um gnthorum than even a schoolboy's favour!) pocket, and docs its owner bettor sorvico. Wh defined mau as ,fan auiinnl with pockets?" Th definition holds good in Japan, where this on bosom bag does tho work of haifa dozen pocket! I and vindicates the wisdom of tho definer. Clea and careful, the Japanese never dishonor the ir terior of their houses by wearing in them th same shoes as they have used out of doors, bu always put on clean sandals for the fine whit mats and dnipty neatness of tho house. Indee the whole expression of Japancso life Í3 its^scru pulous neatness, and the at'ention paid to out ward things. Its bathings aud scrubbings am chang03 of dress and polite handing of teacup and picturesque arrangement of garden?, ic forms aud ceremonies und bows and genu-flex:ons its polico with stiff wings and ¿ilk tronsors, it gentlemen with fluttering fans, and its ladies will got- up faces-everything is cared for, and nothing left to nature or neglect. But if small obs'-r vanees aro - carried too far, and too greai a fuss is made about trifles, the Japaner scrupulosity has a reasonable outgrowth some times. There is the institution of thc Ottona, fo ins ance, tho governor of Iiis hundred, tho appointee guardian or watchman of his quarter, what a capita! idea that is, and how admirable for cities like the Jupaneso ! 1 he Ottona is the officer in whose sole responsible chargo is placed a certain small district or division of the city, and who, togethei with all his family, is accountable for any theft, robbery, violence, murder, or any other crime thal may take place therein. At every hundred yarde or so, you coma to a gate, which is cloiocl at s certain hour in tho evening, with a huge papei lantern hung over it. The business o: the Ottona is to learn tho business of evcrj passer-by that gîte, why he has invaded lita distiict, what he means to do in it, nnd whore he means tc go ; by such universal checks and spying, scarcely ii mouse can creep in tho Japanese cites without being challenged, watched, reported, and followed Therefore, whenever a theft or any other crime ie committed there is no hopo of escapo for thc criminal ; for tho Ottona knows every ono in his district, and can trace the footsteps of a strange) as accurately as if they had been made in snow, This Japanoso office of the hundred is something like the old Saxon institution of tho same nome ; but those provoking barriers at every few yards would ill suit with the restless up all-night population of London, or any of our great towns, and would soon raiso up an army of Kebeccaites if tried across the streots. Japan, like China, hos its interminable past-a past of special excellence which tho present can- not reach. It has its old lacquer, of which the secret seems to be, now lost, for tho best modern productions do not equal tho anciont in beauty or VHIUO ; and it bas its old poroolain, against which .tho modern can set very slender pretensions of merit. But then thore is tho futuro, when its vast coal-fields will be worked, and its lead mines explored, and all the mineral wealth lying round the fiery Fusiyatna brought into use ; and per- haps tho future resources will outweigh evett old lacqner and antique porcelain, and bring something better to tho country than harikari and tho Mikado. The Japanese aro vory proud of their lacquer, and itnraensly tenacious of it ; a gon'leman holding pieces of it as dishonourable to part with it ns an iinglish nobleman does to part with his family plate or inherited pictures. The Japanese Indies-who pluck out their eyebrows and blacken their teeth-hold a vory fair position in Socioty ; but, Bomotliing like the Gern'an house- mother," aro chiefly domestic and drudg;ng. Still thoy aro free, and not fet- tered, ns in China, by any nbsurd custom of national mutilation, Though the family tio is hold so strict, and married iidoli y so proudly in- sisted on, yet the most publio lapses before mar- riage is not the smallest barrier to a happy mar- riage and a respectable position, with thc es oem, good-will, and countenance of tho m-st blameless mntrons of tho quartor. Thero is a very curious mixture of thc tainted and tho pure going on in nil tho tea establishments end other places of publio re- sort ; but the tainted aro not despised, nor the puro considered to bc contaminated, and any two sworded grandeo might wipo away tho last remembrance of shnmo from tho name of her whom he may chose to bc his wifo. Our information ns yot is vory scanty and im- perfect;- and wo must not accept too implicity nil that we oro told, even by English consuls. We must wait yet awilo betöre wo can speak os of knowledge ; mennwlii'e let us hope that lives oro fair and serpents few in tho grovos aud plains of our bright and distant Eastern Edon. . 