LOCAL AND GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. " Sydney "Telegram. — Friday, 4.15, p.m. — No news of the least importance. — Weather and business dull. Petty Sessions. — On Thursday there was no case on the list for adjudication. The magistrates .present were Messrs. Blake and Calvert. Two constables, named John and Henry Harris, tendered their resignations, which were accepted. Prisoners' Escort. — On Thursday evening last the following prisoners ar rived at the lock-up under .estort:— John Moriarty, stabbing, for trial at .Yass Quarter Sessions; James Barnett, horse stealing, for trial at Yas3 Quarter Ses sions ; Colls M'Dougall, stealing money, to be forwarded to Tumut; Thomas M'Kenzie, vagrancy, two months' impri sonment in Goulburn gaol; Edmund Biddle, stealing money, six months' im- s prisonment in Goulburn gaol ; John Ed wards, larceny, six months' imprisonment in Goulburn gaol ; Mary Almond, stealing wearing apparel, two months' imprison ment in Goulburn gaol. The prisoner James Barnett, who is to be put upon his trial for horse-stealing, is quite a youth. Colls M'Dougall is charged with stealing money at. Tumut, and is remanded for examination to that Bench. Yesterday morning he was eseorted to Binalong, twenty-one miles of the route he had travelled on the previous day, and would from there be marched to Jugiong, the nearest police station on' the route to Tumut. We regard it as a positive cruelty to compel a person in custody to travel iri every conceivable direction in order to suit the convenience of the po lice. M'Dougall should have been left at Binalong when on his road down, and from thence the police could have escorted him across the country to Jugiong. - How ever, in place of doing bo, thoy brought him into Yass, and the poor fellow yes terday morning retraced his steps some twenty miles. The Court House Enclosure. — The portion of this enclosure occupied by the telegraph station is being divided from the rest by a two-rail paling fence on three sides, while fronting the street, a neat dwarf stone wall is now in course of erec- tion, which will be surmounted by orna mental paling. A3 there has for very many years past been a right-of-way from the Court-house through the fenco into Cooma-street, and as such is of consider able convenience to. persons proceeding .to the post-office from the upper part of Rossi-street, we suggest that a turnstile be erected next to the telegraph office, in the Court-house enclosure. The expense would bo but trifling while the conveni ence would be great. District Courts. — Summonses for the next sitting of the Yass District Court must be issued not later than Tuesday next, the 28th ,'inst., in cases .where the defendant resides not less than ten miles from the Court House; ' Wesleyanism.— The foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel, at Mun- doonau, will be laid on Thursday, the 6 th proximo. Anniversary of the Colony. — To morrow will be the 73rd anniversary of the founding of the colony. As the day falls this year on Sunday, we understand it is the intention of. persons in business to keep Monday as a holiday. We have- not heard of any sports being arranged for that day with the exception of the match between Mr. Robinson's and Mr. Couch's horses, to come off on the Douro course. It is'said'that Mr. Johnson will take up the winner for £25. Free Selection. — The following are the particulars of the land free selected j under the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1861, at the Land Office, Yass, on Tuesday last : — : P. Tully, jun., of Goulburn, 143 acres, near Gullen Range, Loaches' Springs. De posit paid, £35 15s. Daniel M'Keig, near Yas3, 50 acres 20 chains,' south of J. Therry's S. W. por tion of 640 acres, near Yass, county of Murray. Deposit paid, £12 10a. John Cook, Bango, 320 acres, near Bango Creek, county of King. Deposit paid, .£80. I . . John Brown, Spring' Creek, 100 acres, 1 Spring Creek, about eight iniles from Yas3. Deposit paid, £25. Edward Hynes, Jerrawa Creek, 100 acres, Jerrawa Creek, near the Chain of . Ponds. Deposit paid, £25. Timothy Ryan, Derringullen, 40 acres, head of Derringullen Creek. Deposit paid, £10. -Michael Ryan, Derringullen, 40 acres, head of Derringullen Creek. Deposit paid, 1 £10. Thomas Molloy, Yass River, .40 acres, near Yass River. Deposit paid, £10. .Thomas Armson, Wheeo, .40 acres, Jer- ,rawa Creek. Deposit paid, £10. The above lots .were selected under the 13th'. clause. Patrick .Shannon, near Yass, 40 acres, Ilingerty's Creek, near Yass, Deposit paid, £10. This lot .was selected, under the 22nd clause. — Number of acres selected, 913 ; I amount of deposits paid, £228 5s. > The Season. — Tlte recent scorching weather has been succeeded by a cool, dump atmosphere, very favourable to the growing crop of corn. Until the change took place it was apprehended that we should have little maize this year, but now judges seem to say that there is every prospect of a good yield. The weather has also been very favourable for the orchards and vineyards. The apples and pears, as well as plums, apricots, nectarines, and peaches, will be much benefited by the change. The vines pro mise well, and we hope that the latter end of the season will compensate for the short supply and indifferent" quality, of the fruit at the commencement. . Pleuro-P.neumonia. — The -following additional runs have been proclaimed in quarantine, under the Cattle Disease Pre vention Act of 1861 : Pomegoland, Berry Jerry, Bullenbong, Uranah Creek station, Uranah reserve, Balthena, Cockigredong, and Coonong. The Ball. — It would appear that there is every probability of the coming ball in behalf of the building fund of the Yass Mechanics'. Institute being very nu merously attended. The demand for tickets has increased beyond the anticipa tions of the committee, and it is now ex pected that the affair will be the most successful ever witnessed in this district. The building in which the ball will be held, and which has been kindly lent for the occasion by Mr. Godfrey, is being fitted up for the occasion under the. direc tion of Mr. Downey. At one end is a raised platform for the band, and on either side of the whole length of the room are seats for the accommodation of the company. The ornamental decora tions will be proceeded with next week. A large tent has-been provided, in whiSh refreshments will be obtainable during the evening, and in which supper will be served. There will also be a tent as a withdrawing room, wholly devoted to the ladies ; and another one to be used as a card-room. The arrangements appear to be very complete for the comfort of the visitors,, and reflect the highest credit on those into whose charge they have been confided. The All-England Eleven. — Mr. W. T. Baker has opportunely issued, a sheet comprising portraits of the English eleven, with 6hort biographical sketches. With out pretending to guarantee the faith fulness of the likenesses we may state that the woodcuts are very well executed, and the getting up of the publication very creditable. Wheat Prospects. — We have been informed that business men in Goulburn are of opinion that wheat will range during the present year from 3s. 6d. to 4s. 6d: a bushel. Lambing Flat. — The attraction of several very large finds at the Lachlan has not had the effect of depopulating these diggings. At first .the stampede to ithe new field was very considerable, but the numerous disappointments which have occurred have caused a revulsion in favour of Lambing ; Flat. Since the return of some of the most enterprising and' vigor ous of our miners, Jiew.and very rich ground has been struck, especially at what is known as the Victoria lead. Some considerable quantity of gold has been extracted from this place, and judging from past circumstances, it is probable that the Victoria will -last for some time to come. A hundred and twenty ounces have been taken out of a cart load of dirt. Wombat is still a favourite place, and considerable quantities of gold are being got there. Tho Chinese are still at Little Wombat, and must be. .doing well, judging from the constant slaugh tering of pigs .and poultry. The Celes tials have bought up everything like a fowl in the neighbourhood, and conse quently the Europeans have to go without these delicacies. Provisions, with the ex ception of flour, have slightly advanced in price. Butter is getting somewhat more plentiful; potatoes as scarce as ever, and the retail price is 21s. to 23s. per cwt. Flour is declining in price, but as the arrivals are few, we are in hopes it will rally.— Correspondent. , . . Figs.— -The fig-trees look very pro mising this season. A fine .specimen in a garden in Rossi-street is laden with fruit, and should no casualty happen, the yield will be -very considerable. # Litigation. — The number of cases al ready filed for the ensuing sitting of the District Court is fewer than usual, consi dering how few days will elapse for duly serving summonses. We believe the num ber at present is twelve; one of them comes from Queanbeyan, and another from 1 Wagga Wagga. Another Snake. — One of the most venomous species of these reptiles was killed on Thursday last, on the road' be tween the Telegraph inn and Bowning. It measured six feet two inches, and was wriggling its way across the track when it met its death-blow. Timber- Cutting. — As the law affect ing the cutting of timber on waste lands of the Crown has been altered by the Occupation Act of 1861, we append the substance of the new regulations, for the information of whom it may concern. Licenses to cut timber may be obtained nn application to the various land agents. A separate license must be. taken out for each person actually employed in sa\ving, felling, splitting, or removing timber, ex cept fuel not cut for sale. The license is not transferable. There are two kinds of licenses: one to cut any, kind of tim ber, as well cedar and pine as hardwood, for which a fee of £6 is payable; the other, to cut; &c.;, hardwood only,-- for which the fee is £2. The licenses will empower the holders of them to. cut tim ber on any Crown lands, whether held under lease or otherwise, except timber within half a mile of any head station, or which may have been, specially. Preserved witli the consent of the Commissioner of the district, for shade or ornament. Liceuses will not extend to Crown lands under advertisement for .sale, or to any localities in which the cutting of the tim ber may be, by notice in the Gazette, specially prohibited. Licenses will be in force from the date of issue until the 31st December then next, ensuing, but lic'neses that may be taken out on or before the 1st July will be charged only half the regu lated fee. The timber must be removed from off the Crown lands, within twelve moutli3 from the time at which it was cut, otherwise it will be liable .to be seized, forfeited, ahd sold on behalf of the Crown. Persons illegally cutting timber on Crown lands will be liable to a penalty of £5 fur the first offence, not exceeding £10 for the second offence, and not exceeding £20 for the third or any subsequent offence. Lessees of the Crown may cut any timber required by them as tenants of their seve ral lands, but not for sale. Fire Engine. — The catastrophe which occurred at Burrowa on Monday last sug gests the necessity for every town having a fire-engine and an organised fire brigade. Goulburn has had the advantages of two engines, which have been always available on the occasion of conflagrations, as well as of a body of volunteers, properly equipped and trained for the emergencies as they arise. Had there been an engine at hand when Mr. Webb's building took fire, no doubt it would have been very useful, and in all probability the flames been subdued before they had accom plished the total destruction of the pre mises. In alluding to the subject, we have an eye to nearer home. . The town of Yass, with its numerous wooden build ings, is peculiarly liable to become the victim of a serious, wide-spreading con flagration. In view of this, we strongly advise immediate steps' being taken to forearm' against this calamity. Nothing would be easier than to procure a fire- engine and organise' a brigade. In aid of_ such, the different -insurance companies would contribute, and a small annual subscription amongst the inabitants' se cure the enterprise from loss. Kiandra. — A party who arrived- yes terday from Kiandra, informs us that the diggings there are very dull, the holders of extended claims on the river being the only miners who are doing any good. Their average weekly yield when they wash up is about one pound weight. Trade dull. Flour has been sold at £7, hut the price is usually £10. There are seven public houses open. Death' of One Thousand Sheep on Ship-board. — The Rockhampton Bulletin of the 11th instant reports that the ar rival of the Sweepstakes in the Fitzroy has been attended with disaster. We are informed (it continues) that about 1000 sheep out of the 5000 on board died before the vessel entered Keppel Bay, from what cause has not yet transpired. The vessel was piloted some three to five miles up the river, and the anchor cast in deep water. The pilot afterwards suspected that the vessel was drifting, and inquired of the chief officer if there was anything wrong with the anchor, who assured him that it -was all right. Shortly afterwards the vessel drifted on to a bank, when it was discovered that the juichor had been thrown out without :the stock. In the course of the .succeeding tide the vessel floated off the bank, when the pilot or dered the anchor to be cast ; but nearly all the hands being at work landing the sheep, there were not sufficient men to pay out the chain, and the vessel drifted on to the south bank of the river. On Saturday last Mr.. Jardine, P.M., and Mr. Brown, W.P.M., visited the. vessel, and found her on the bank of the river, with the deck nearly perpendicular, in danger of capsizing, and the sheep being smothered. Mr. Brown, therefore, lent his assistance with the Government boat, on Sunday morning, in getting 1000 of the sheep ashore whilst the vessel was being righted, and -some decision come to as to what could be done with the sheep. It appears that " The Scab and other Diseases in Sheep Prevention Act of 1860" provides that no sheep shall be landed from any vessel, except to some secure stable or shed, until they have been shorn and dressed with such medica ments as shall be approved of by the in spector at least three times, at intervals of two days ; and for every sheep landed in violation ofHbese regulations, a fine not exceeding thirty pounds is attached. The persons in charge of the sheep say that they were totally unaware- of the state of the law. In the peculiar circumstances under which these sheep have arrived, we understand that permission has been given to land them at Curtis Island until they have been properly inspected. A great many of the sheep have died from the rough treatment they have received. The sheep are the property of Mr. Stuart, of Peak Downs. Diseased Sheep. — Government have taken precautions to prevent the sheep lately shipped per Sweepstakes from Mel- bourneto Rockhampton, from beinglanded On the main land until properly inspected. Were even one diseased sheep allowed to proceed into the interior, the prospects of Northern Queensland for years to come miolit he of ft verv unnromiainn nature. — S. M. Herald. Re-assembling of Parliament. — The telegraphic correspondent of the Mait- . land' Mercury says"; that' it is generally understood that Parliament will not bo called together in May. Conditional Selection "at Armi- dale.' — On Tuesday last (21st .inst), eight selections were made at the Armi- dale land office, respectively of 200, 80, 100, 80, 80, 100, 120, and 90 acres, the aggregate being 850 acres. A number of intending selectors are still waiting for an extension of the reserve. — Armidale Ex press. New Publications. — It is reported from Madras that Sir William Denison, K.C.B., late Governor of New South Wales and Tasmania, is about to publish a work on the Australian colonies, which .from his' Excellency's enlightened expe rience, Iris well known engineering abili- . ties, and the unremitting attention he has devoted to the development of the colonies, will be very valuable;— Sir John Nodes Dickenson, late' Puisne Judge of New South Wales, has published a pamphlet in .the shape of a.letter to the Lord Chan cellor of England on" " The Consolidation of the Law." — -Braidwood Observer. John Chinaman. — A large batch of hese interesting creatures, numbering about one hundred, passed through Braidwood on Monday last, en route for the Lambing Flat diggings. The reason assigned for forsaking the Braidwood gold-fields is that the ghost, of the China man who was killed lately at Jeuibaicum- bene has frightened them 1 — Braidwood' News. New Insolvent. — Andrew William Nixon, now a confinee for debt in II. M. gaol, Albury, lately residing at Corowa, publican. Liabilities — secured, £90 ; unsecured, £236 lis. 6d : total, £326 lis. 6d. Assets — available for unsecured creditors, £208 18s. Deficit, £117 13s.6J. Mr. Mackenzie, official-assignee. , TheBraidwoodHospital. — " Shindy, boys, shindy!" appears to be the motto adopted at the present time by the sub scribers of the various hospitals in the country districts. The other day one of the medical officers of the Yass hospital brought his black-thorn into play for the purpose of disproving the logical accuracy of an opponent's reasoning — an argimen- turn baculinum which had the eflect of dissolving the meeting as if by magic. Last Wednesday another very exciting meeting was held at Braidwood, when, though neither sticks, nor stones in stock ings were used, still there was a most exciting scene. As the Dispatch says : — " Harsh words were bandied about, friend ships of years threatened to bo snapped asunder, and the most direful consequences loomed upon the social and domestic feli- city of our good town . and neighbourhood, — and to such a height had the partizans been wrought, that it is said that more than twenty new subscribers paid in their guinea each, just to have their say in the matter — or, as plaiuer spoken persons have it, to have a hand in the row that was to ensue "--.'The casus belli appears to have been this : the w'ardsman, a Mr. McGurk, who appears himself to be as bellicose as any of the persons nt the meeting, since he was recently charged with assaulting Mr. C. I. Watson, the proprietor of the Braidwood News, had become very popular with some of the committee, and accordingly, in favour of said McGurk — who is described by the Rev. Mr. Allan as " fair and fat," and' who, from private information, is under stood also to be "forty," thus uniting in himself -all- tbosecharms-which--in— the- other sex wer6 so potent '.in vanquishing tho but too susceptible heart of the fourth George — in favour of said Mc.Gurk the committee drew an order on the treasurer for five guineas by way of a Christmas- box. One of the committee, the Rev James Allan, protested against this as an improper use of the funds, and on the same' grounds the treasurer, Mr. Maddrell, refused to pay the amount. The commit tee thereupon passed a vote ot ceusure on the treasurer, and embodied the same in their annual report. In order to meet the objection they then drew another order for the same amount as before, but iustead of the gratuity being styled a Christmas-box, it was stated to be for extra services performed. The sum was then paid. Mr. Yider, the secretary to the hospital, appears to have been the warm advocate of McGurk's claims, and the 'Rev. Mr. Allan their stanch opponent. On the report of the committee being read by the secretary at the general meeting, a great deal of angry recrimination, en sued. ' At the request of Mr. Wainwright the report was read a second time by a gentleman " whose dialect could be un derstood," (Mr. Yider, the secretary, it may be explained, is a foreigner.) The clause censuring the treasurer was then struck out. The election of the commit tee was afterwards proceeded with, and amongst others, Mr. Yider was re-elected. Mr. Wainwriglit then moved a vote of thanks to the officers of the past year, . .with the exception of Mr. Yider, who was purposely excluded by name ; and this motion, which was tantamount to a vote of censure on Mr. Yider, was carried by the saiine meeting at which that gentle man had just been elected as one of the new committee. It is, however, explained in one of the Braidwood papers, that Vider's election was owing to his having several proxies from absent parties in his favour.' The noisy meeting then dis persed with the 'usual vote of thanks to the chairman. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Goulburn hospital will he held on, Thursday, the 30th, when, should any display of physical force be in contemplation, it may not' be amiss to mention that, some very good axe- handles can be procured at Alderman Fletcher's tinware, zinc, and sheet-iron ' manufac tory, opposite the lock-up, Auburn-.str'eet, Goulburn, where also, in the evQut of the handles not being considered sufficient, the axes themselves may also ho' obtained. The Goulburn hospital meetings generally pass off very tamely, and a little excite ment would be quite an agreeable change;" especially if, as in the Braidwood case, the accession of some twenty new sub scribers were one of the attendant circum- stances'.— Goulburn Herald. '. New Zealand. — Our advices from New Zealand, . are up to the 12th Jan uary. "\Ve extract from tho Southern Cross of the 7th instant, as follows :— " The Colonial Secretary, after the con clusion of: the . meeting at Kohanga,' pro ceeded up the river, and on the 30th' ult. visited the native assembly at Hangatiki, Upper Waipa. They were received most respectfully, a guard of honour being under arms. After the usual . prelimina ries Mr. Fox made 1 the following state ment as to the intentions, of the Goyern- ment in reference to the natives, . and the terms of peace which he was prepared to grant them, viz: — "The Governor to choose one European and two natives, the natives also to choose one European and two natives. The original dispute about Teira's land to be referred to this tribunal, whose decision should be final and con clusive. The Governor will not put down the King movement by force so long as the Queen's subjects are not in terfered with. The Governor will not make roads on Maori land against the will of the owners, but all Maori paths are to be open to Europeans, and no mails are to be stopped.. The Governor will not make war to obtain the murder- ers, or to recover the property, but when the offenders are taken they will be tried. The Governor will not buy land in future until the vendor's title has been investi gated by the ltunanga of the district ap pointed by the Government. The Crown land at Turanaki claimed by the natives by right of conquest to be < evacuated by them, or a chain of military posts will be formed on the border. The force en camped at Maungatawhiri not aggressive, but to make roads and to restore confi dence." Whatever the colonists of New Zealand may possibly think of such terms, most men would imagine that the natives themselves had no right to complain of undue severity when such terms were offered them. But we have long held that the more is conceded to them the more exorbitant do they become in their demands, and we were not deceived in this instance. The first proposition as to the settlement of the Waitara difficulty is, we think, everything that the most ardent supporter of William King could have desired, considerably more than we should have been willing to grant, but it does not satisfy a Mr. Aporo, who ad dressed the meeting attheconclusion of Mr. Fox's statement. " Waitara," said he, "is hanging on the hook of the Gospel : we will not consent that it shall be tried by the law, which is an evil animal (kuri kino ) as it devours many." What the exact meaning of hanging on the hook of the Gospel is, we are "unable to 'say, but the tenor of the speech is pretty evident and its spirit unmistakable. Nothing will please unconquered natives. So long as we were fighting them there was much talk about their readiness to submit the question in dispute to arbitration ; arbi tration is at last offered them, and they want something else. There is, however, a deep signification in the words used. They will not consent ' that the question shall be tried by law.,' ' because the law devours many.' The speaker was a better reasoner, as we see by his selection of words, than many of our peaceful poli ticians. He does not say that the " sword " devours many, for the word appears to him superfluous. He is perfectly well aware that there can no law without the sword, and declines to consent to arbitra tion, because he knows that he would by so doing tacitly acknowledge the right on the part of the Government to employ the sword in carrying into effect any decision which the arbitrators might arrive at. -He, therefore, calls - the law bad names, and takes refuge in one of those expres sions meaning nothing, but carrying a religious appearance about with them, which are so common amongst the natives, and which they are particularly fond of using when they are anxious for us Eu ropeans to continue long-suffering for ever, but have no idea of suffering any thing themselves on any account. But Mr. Aporo does uot appear to have quite exhausted the subject : another hon. member, Moihi by name, rises in his place, and puts this startling question — " Why was not this tribunal proposed in the firSt instance ?" — do jpu admit that Governor Browne was wrong ?" The logic is inexorable. Mr. Moihi sees at once that certain premises have been con ceded from which further deductions may be drawn. If what was done by the Go vernment was wrong ah initio — and we conclude, he adds, that it was so from the change of -jurisdiction just proposed — let Mr. Fox plead guilty on the part of Governor Browne, and throw himself and the authorities generally on the tender mercies of the Maori. Let him allow that the Europeans are in the position of wrong-doers, and we are assoiled of all guilt in everything which we have done since the 17th March, 1860. Dr. Bland. — A preliminary meeting of the friends of Dr. Bland was held at the Colonnade Hotel, corner of .King and Castlereagh streets on Tuesday, evening. the object being to take into considera tion Dr. Bland's past services, with the view of putting his claims to a public acknowledgment prominently before the public of the colony. Mr. N. D. Sten- house occupied the (ihair, the meeting consisting of the hon. R. Fitzgerald, M.L.C. ; the hon. S. D. Gordon, M.L.G ; Mr. D. Egan, M.L.A. ; Mr.D. Dalgleish, M.L.A. ; and several others. The chair man opened the proceedings by reading the advertisement by which the meeting had been convened,- and then observed that from the infrequency of his appear ance in public, he thought by taking the chair on the occasion he might favourably influence a considerable number of his friends towards the object of the meeting. He had known Dr. Bland for twenty-two years, and could say that he (Dr. Bland) was entitled to all that the people of Sydney could give him. He should now leave the meeting to take what course was thought most desirable under the circumstances. Mr. Dalgleish said, the matter which tho meeting had been called to consider , was one. which interested the public generally, and one which would attract as numerous an assembly as could be" accommodated in the largest hall in Sydney. He thought the present meet ing should be adjourned ; but, prior to that, a requisition to the Mayor to call a meeting should be'adopted. He therefore begged to move " That a requisition be drawn up by a sub-committee of this meeting, to be signed by the chairman, and presented to the Right Worshipful the Mayor, to. convene a public meeting, for the purpose of taking into considera tion the claims of Dr. Bland to a public recognition of his services." The motion was seconded by -Mr. Egan, put, and adopted." On the motion of Mr. Gordon, seconded by Mr. Egan, the Chairman, Mr. Dalgleish, and Mr. Thompson were appointed a sub-committee to draw up tho requisition referred to, and also the re solution to be submitted to a public meet ing. The proceedings terminated with the customary compliments to the chair man. — S. M. Herald. The Late Miss Loftus. — Our read ers will doubtless recollect the sad end of the late Miss Loftus, iwho threw herself down a precipice in the Sydney Domain. It appears the lamented lady had for some time resided in New Zealand, and her melancholy death is thus alluded to in the Otcgo Daily Times : — " There are many persons in Otago who will hear with deep and heartfelt sorrow the decease of a lady, who during her residence there, endeared herself to all who knew her by her many excellent qualities of heart and min 1. Highly gifted inacquired attain ments, possessing the most amiable dispo sition, and endowed with the moral and religious conscientiousness that was al most morbidin its extreme sensitiveness'. Miss Loftus was a person whom one would be inclined to instance us a model of the gentle virtues, the delicate percep tions, and the refined sensibilities of womanhood. When in Otago, she sought on every side assistance and encouragement in the mission for which she deemed she was specially destined— the civilisation of the Maories. It is not difficult to conceive a delicately or ganised temperament imbued with strong feelings of conscientiousness, but which was condemned to inaction in the direction it most thirsted after, feeding morbidly on itself till the sensitive brain yielded to the monomaniacal influence of the one overmastering idea. Who shall say to what a state of melancholy depression Florence Nightingale or Mrs. Fry might have been reduced had their quickening Samaritan sympathies been compelled to forced inaction. Perhaps their intellect might have proved stronger, but not their philanthropic instincts, than those of tha unfortunate lady, whom a blindly preju diced Sydney jury have branded as a self- murderer." A Girl and Infant Lost in the Bush. — On the evening of Boxing Day, Mr. and Mrs. Fisher and nurse girl were returning from the picnic on foot, having left the boiling-down paddock between four and five o'clock, taking what they considered the shortest road home — that through the scrub. The party proceeded about half-way, when they sat down to rest themselves, having previously got wet through iu a heavy shower of rain. Mrs. Fisher had up to this time earned her infant — some two months old — and in order to hasten home, started the nurso girl, Mary King, on with the child, telling her to be quick in order that the little ono might have some dry things on. Tha girl started some few minutes in advance, and by some mishap or other got on tho wrong track, and when Mr. and Mrs. Fisher arrived at home the girl was not there. After making various inquiries about them, and obtaining no intelligence whatever, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Jones, and another person started out to look for them. The niglit was very dark, "but the party had two lanterns to guide them. After wandering about the bush for some four hours or so, they were compelled to return for fresh lights, and, if possible, obtain additional assistance. As sooii as it was made known that a girl had wandered into the bush with a child, many were the offers made to go out and look for them at daylight in tho morning; but Mr. Fisher would not yet give up the search for the night without a further trial to find them. When returning from tho first unsuccessful search, the party met Mr. Merritt., a person well acquainted with the bush, who kindly offered his ser vices. By this time Mr. Annum! had been made acquainted therewith, and was wil ling to lend his valuable assistance in so laudable a cause. Messrs. Merritt and An- nand were mounted ou horSes, and, about half-past twelve o'clock, started, stating that if the children were to be found they | would find them — nor were they wrong, for after about an hour's ride through tho bush, cooeying all the time, they traced her footsteps leading from the scrub, and followed them some distance to a place known as the " Long Pocket." The horsemen suspected that the girl had made her way to this place, and when near cooeyed, and they were soon discovered by the girl, who saw the lights, but for a long time after they appeared in sight she thought they were going away from her, and made up her raiud that she would have to remain there all night. It was difficult for them to get there with horses. When found she was sitting on a stone, and said she was only afraid she would be visited by snakes and native dogs. Mr. Merritt gave up his horse to the girl, and Mr. Annand took the little one in charge, and returned home, much to the delight of the parents. The first party had also been out a second time, . and did not return until between three . and four o'clock, about an hour after the arrival of Mr. Merritt and Mr. Annand. — Toowomba Chronicle. Sunstroke. — Yesterday (January 17) Mr. J. B. Holden, when placing his horse in the stable at the Fitzroy Hotel, was attacked by a suustroke. It came like a flash of lightning. He managed to stag ger to his bedroom and then became in sensible, and was delirious. Having some years since suffered a similar attack, the means then used for recovery were now at once resorted to by Mrs. Holden, and in about twelve hours the worst symp toms had passed away, and, as rapidly as could be -expected, on Friday Mr. Holden became himself again, except for a slight dizziness. — Singleton Times. Mr. Henry Parkes.— It is stated, in well informed circles, that Mr. Parkes, on his return to the colony, will receive the appointment of Inspector of Prisons. The choice would be a most judicious one. The Gundary Estate. — This pro perty, lately belonging to Mr! Joseph Kelly, of Towrang, and consisting of 1540 acres of land, situate three miles and a half from Goulburn, ha3 been sold, pri vately to Mr. C. A. Massey, of Gundaroo, for £3000. — Goulburn Herald. Druxkenness, Vice, Disease, and Death.— On Monday last, the city coro ner received information that a European woman, who had been cohabiting with a negro, at Neutral Bay, North Shore, had died without having received medical treatment, and as a consequence that no certificate of the cause of death had been furnished. The coroner, therefore, pro ceeded to the locality referred to, obtain ed a jury, and went to view the body. The examination of the tent in which the deceased had lived, and the evidence ad duced at the inquest, revealod the exist ence of vice, intemperance, disease, and ipisery, frightful to contemplate. Tho negro, who is known by the sobriquet of " Black Harry," is'a native of one of the West India Islands, and admits being sent out here for life during the administra tion of -Governor Gipps. The deceased woman, named Mary M'Grath, aged thirty-five years, became acquainted with the negro in Durand's Alley, six year3 ago, and since that time has been cohabit ing in a tent in the bush, near Neutral Bay. Some time after they removed there, they were joined by another wo man, who, like the negro, was sent out, Knd who confessed to " getting her living how she could." More recently still they were joined by a girl of sixteen, who, -not withstanding her youth, had been on the streets of Sydney a considerable -time, and bad been an inmate of the House of the Good Shepherd. Latterly, the three fe males and the negro have been living to gether in a small tent, the females pur- suing-tkeir-immoral course of living, and' then purchasing rum with the proceeds. Notwithstanding that the tent is situate about three-quarters of a mile in the bush, it is said that shrieks and screams have- been frequently heard in the direction of the tent at night. Some time ago, the deceased was treated intone of our public institutions for the cure of a loathesome disease.ijut she never thoroughly recover ed, anplus, with -continued debauchery, hastened her end. It appeared that lat terly she had been suffering from diarrhoea, which, combined with'drunken- ness and exposure, had reduced her to a mere skeleton, but she found suilicient strength to fight with the youngest girl a few days prior to her death ; gradually she sunk exhausted, and expired on Sat urday ; and when viewed on Monday by the coroner and jury, her remains con sisted of little more than skin and bones. The jury returned a verdict of " Died from vice, intemperance, and want of pro- per medical treatment." In a rider, the jury expressed their opinion that the place was the abode of vice, was a nuisance to the neighbourhood, and that steps should, be taken for the removal of the tent and its occupants. — S. M'.'JIerald. Free Selection.— The following were the applications for land made at the Court House, Braidwood, on the 21st inst. : — Robert Jennings, for 100 acres, hear Biddydivine ; William JRoss, 140 acres, near Fairy Meadow ; James Hal- pin, 67 acres, at Fairy Meadow-; Charles Behrenger, 40 acres, atBudawang; Jo seph Roberts, 42 acres, on Boro Creek ; Charles Wall, 40 acres, at Big Bombay ; Patrick Doolan, 76 acres, at Big Bombay ; Thomas Cronin, 40 acres, at Bombay. — Braidwood, Dispatch. Horrible Murder. — The North Australian (Ipswich) of the 17th January has the following paragraph: — It was currently reported in town yesterday that Samuel Thorp, a man well known in Ipswich, had murdered his wife at Dalby. The particulars, so far as we have been able to gleau them, are that an altercation having taken place between the two, the woman laid her head on a block, and de sired her husband to cut it off, and that an axe being handy, he struck her one blow which left her lifeless. Sudden Death. — Many of our readers have, no doubt, shared with us the plea sure of reading some excellent prose and verse contributions to the current litera ture, under the signature of ' Menippus." They were the productions of a Mr. Sealey, who, wc regret to hear, was found dead in his bed, in Sydney, on Sunday last. The cause of death was apoplexy. New Gold Discovery. — Gold, in paying quantities, has been discovered at Brown's Creek, about twelve miles from Orange, aud midway between that town and Carcoar. The precise locality of the discovery is a blind creek at Triangle Flat, the creek being a . tributary of Fryer-'s- Creek. Mr. Michael Mitchell, our informant, states that he obtained from 3 to 4 dwts. from three dishfuls of of earth. The gold, wliick is rather fine, is mixed with emery. Mr. Mitchell's brother obtained over 2 ozs. in three days from the same locality. Mr. Mitchell states that one man obtained 7 lbs. of the precious metal, but he is unable to name the lucky individual. Preparations are being made by the farmers residing in the neighbourhood for a vigorous prospecting campaign. — Western (Orange) Examiner. Holloway's Pills. — Stomach, liver,' and cutaneous disorders.— The piercing winds, with warm sunny days, are trying to health, and subject comfort and appoarance to a severe test. The warmth drawing the blood to the surface only to be repelled by the eastern blasts, disturbs the balance of the .circulation, and leaves the digestion, or the Skin in a deranged, if not in a diseased, con dition. Hollctway's Pills prevent or correct either result. In impaired digestion, and in all ailments oi the liver, they invariably cure without stringent regulations for amuse ment or diet. By resorting early to these purifying Pills, the dyspeptio and sallow are speedily restored to their natural and healthy state. They raise the drooping spirits, and confer renewed animal energy. 