TUHE ADVENTURES OF Ai'?EnIOIRN ' ~ l BciH3 ELO ,' n .:: ,,, ii VT, Aeebyj ike auhoar makeds /I,~ol. /o 4?o" rc the s histry o hi# k dr~prtadge, ndihfirrhisiEs ia sbriraia of I hase lotg sinre msdp the dierovery thot hinroweor mtuch a man mnally endiovollr to earn th'6 esteemliniil obtrttnthit good-,will of liis fellow.men;' however en tdesisig mlay be thue aspoeoiation f hits Irna rv,.and . pl'aosit_ t li. i Cqit,,,_it), o hf,lis< Ic?ece u , his tisnou is only traonsitrrod to tha puhildU when the tncinent oif his virtneis'ls tranimitti d toteho grait; o And al though otb, ao lotg tiosipat ·I have tbeen the idl6 of I trho yontng ladies past five andithirty, and thie sub- t jct ot contention atnong little. loddws .wit large Ii tfiilies, I flatter my self, iotiwlthstandlifg the witti elsms of Smilall byho l upon my appparantce, and the conmic and derisive heenr, and the serpentllke solniod of adnlir~tion,,with whllih y, sIpeecles.n are greeted at the club, tlati I am yet really. orthy:of atdmisr* tiun in'nalny realtcts,: i . t -Sut h Is y alofio rdsontlng the h?itory of mny. adven~tures: ..) :,., , :, in descended fronm one of iloldest timilles c 1 Glatiorganshiro, in ihet.r one of tile most:renosried in t litshishloiblo clcrles it the liFrtlishrealnt .When I ity thani '1. 'Ilheoditis Iltiistiss Tt iltt?,irsq "10ilj' 1 Ilusml), tlhe only s6ntnd 'lii ii t 'dittd 1llstpkslin I', o' Sothluilstsne,n u l ianlor'atssihlisoi foresafrid; nithe t iatron ,sIfnearly, nilitetisi oeileties s(tf tlioitprbpagis g tion ol salt lierrisgs in the Slrcts'qfTeiciradel F.lego; of tet ttore fit r tiso ltiir othtitiots oi:t'ha piermnacettl w'hale' io to Conitst of Guino is tl 'I 'tiI Vlirve-j'resi . dent of tlu Goetting rid of Ysoung iAdiles Aassciation; sndr tilat,!I duliverst lecture spounthel Rights ofWt' .. Ilsen'evoryI).oomsday:in every year, at .Kxeler hall, . sutrely togoodsess I am chtitlcd to delrcnc, msd respect . , Skl'agiuothhlyosi,'Sir,'a'e ,hi there Ihithes corner, who look as If ybu reqired a good slrencling is thi hiorse.trou;hr , rlther snttileat thsu b'urotis:snd dtignl fleod pitt whio ichl s ill ; linlt I.will elldeoavose to t6ah li li'littli?'bttir 'mannetrs bEford I hiii, done, 4 1 hato already said that I'aigoilsesledndd fioi oi'o , of the oIldest.fjinllies i OGlatlorgalishire. ' v'ththeltlse as4up.wards.orf s?vonty whe Ishe died, ,i 1834, ofa spo)itaStteous costsbtyslth, upon; hearistg tsat ho lis hi beeil cuttit(ii the! h tll of an anoist trleilt, writo had etlstlilg to 1icvl hisi"e iy nistier.r wi his jlluor by \\\'iell 1 rPleeber, before myt idthieir' niiipdhlaj t menuted decease, lily rereir?d p:i'ents, Ildiilged '|i thie lretqiillt lTbit i.of' slortinlg aloul i Aidd tfter?earesisnIg one sin'itllhe Wtit all te exiressivo s nifnttyitsloloof younlfaftehiIti repe'istd tIll great siasil(ll i. coti, tlshl ballad allitt I" Gtnls'dn ·ii tlu e 'hill thigitlibri.'" W\Iheln my fatier "gotlto t Il!enld f. cnchli vtre, ussl " i sort of chornp,' howould rulir eont iti lateltorial tones, "Jullii Atiodel6p nlsy. Jtlo,,?'turnl:hhlpselt' roInid thiree tinmest ten b bthP' ?'bi S ptlllstny with ls hlole in it,' whicis he always iarrled in hise rlgit trowser pobkolt, hnd;ansk lilyrnlotlher 'i'helser it \wils hieador'tall. 'lls 5 voclhferaiuons were.Ro'elarmllig that until our neight- r htirs gtit ncsustomined to il , whsItslealrai, pracicees,' thley ol'te seiiilt'ino oalllke littlrilsItt. te couhlb be, of anly asshlatlcioe; hindghillt illlt the bh.nrhtid clsugtli - fire, or.tih:t the browSi bull'iltli' t'iilth'e idiorns sld blllt tail hind got loos : l _.. ,,: . Slislt sticlh ls oven the'sport and playftilness of per. Ittittal jotlih in ssand yesl . .sars. At 'all o;enits, thetoe ean be .io 'dotiett thait if my'I fattli. was li'lving low hoe wonhld'aiore Iteetll very old mian; so:tlhat thlere can be no 'd6dlist aloit' tile ro slpectability aird lselsetltryet?of isy lliOeisge :I It, hl.' ever, sly, reitder las not satistlsfied withl thise exLplatt. ilol, I.will convinc linto u'oft'ise trth of it at ai early ropo sunI ttty t It nii:1When was \ just ahleo t6 walk rihtiait; my sold filiatir Iisind it source of enjsyntelhin turtlilng sli thie ontI of tn.y noio h Iotstleen' his:flilsger s.lld tllllilt,slo, tllhat before I wtas verY o?llit.ihoeqlat to rese iblolt.solw'ltll t tite lilitlerli 'of aniiiiilhl'a sitloo. oor sli soul I he thoutgilt It wsas 'eldeitig' nie abliove this world 1 tlhit I looked a sit I 'eCltnsldoretd thlllgii' tettllrlll' bcneatlt lite; tntdl, nit fnith,.litliiy eybs hiad.bhle n (iltn ttifl or ily probosids, I atn qitle certilsn I,siollbt Illave ltosen tlslsible ts insok itl ti'htilnds arouisilslt m hithout Illaklinsi; a eery contldescohding bi(ti, 'Twto niahidll t lalltts t'lsy my fatller's aild .:nlntod; relpItclively l?lies l)orotly onlld Miss Zhnborl luhlip. kiunlstse to Ileleats tltelnsole.s hi tlcairs at als lanlglo ot' ' delgrees tsrcnIfom nce, riglht lind lt. T.,'11e0 ogledl 'lle witls tIheihil'dnsltg stisle tIo sishI an extclt tllnat is etndttlrvlring' to 'ook illjoin thelloir' bianing contiste-' Ilnlltc's both as the c11 'tle' tInts I eolttrai'l' ed' whtait 'Is vuilgarly3 called a titlllst,- thluAigh i whlih el'of iny eyes it i I ea;nlnllt witsh cerhuihtt., slati. . ,Mliss ,liiroltly [Ihtnllskin Clet lo stallte reel in pescre) ltIsit a insgslias. luslilt of Ihnggitlnhig Itlfrsl' smlso greot r.frnesr orldomeestt, liihlplintess. ;Often dill I sco her Itllc the ttgreat trlt hhiir oIllposlitel tbe tiirsctild thu tnblo in tlheolarlou;, stl'round thtsitnmt.withlnlntnllser of shiillr arlulha ofstrnitlure ssf. leaser lro'lllrtnllsuts, it e?sptetltlis asld sllprooltrii tntt il'rlitnoes,?ali isirofllvl 'eelltre the' dslirr agIislst all itrtsders:' 'io h'letisll (bocy the clittaits ieuro'l hhituis blb h by fis1 sttirl hlood I ittistsntan Ibrotntsti nd Ugiu vntl. tol:hlert' linags'in I tontes. bf 'iloqtilelcle itlld plrtoi?, mutllllnuhltl: e ith, 1 ,Mltr. Chlarllrltst L.dles .nlld Usenitflltelt ' Situ li o crilpistred nlio i lllIs the grltevoeucs ilis ttitol lli,ot and thie artless, ktind, titl allnll h littinito 8l'16 slIt, hldr relittrlks, that iuntlIl lsa ild colhclusied 11r hitrlangupt r wais uruiily ea aware of the fact thalint lherotily autt~leneq ;rosistd of Iriyslf niid ihe cat.... Ssi I asp,i hicvever,'tht ha.l it not bont for the emulation inh paerted to Zie be er exaijple I should lover haivo asplired to the chalr ofithe bloforo ruenltioned" Gettin Ptid of Y oig Ladies Asii~soiatiirn;'i nor dtu I thlink t shanul.I havo engaged in-the salt herring buainess in' th. PIatagonhio flsleries, nor eyenoln-thelwhali apa ci!.atiotsa iii the Tropical. clnes, both whichl I stl ' add are orf .(rll wide reputation, .' liht tinUo. ?iu tmay ask , my :ago and apptcair ? First-i.aln:amtasot .s, bµtt some'kind' Indles interestcf app.trentily hfy awelfiar will.not ie:Jid'Oite: iAs.tp mly appealoranie, I oaR lf hOrmflnujy my housekee per, who repeanted it fronm tlhe:bht.hatl who rpcelived it from the feqtman, who lived sdilih tle. sninlli"idowv with tihe Ilrgi; fanily, t4i .k jaftsflrefeetly;, ?aptpf5 - lity; and os t(ismy chiirlii§tlwtqy i tytOrllo tI mcntioon (Alasl the ? '? t l dth ib ). t why ahouldi tnherti to thh ls n161ai7 n"y w rhen' ever'I holy ksn.rsx that I "abhor: vanityl and: self-donceit. I l norl about 5 fIet 8 hieCl0).,hijl iin mjyNapoleonn, not eiry `st?nt, whi'li 'you migy, s:t iiy, nccreditrfrornt the fict'that I was only 18 atb;one iiJl. wslhed itthte list comity. fiir In GIOamorgi?shtlrae: Mly faie l get& ting alittle phimply, though frotii Ivhat ds'fise'I dniio't decide; yet the villago 'dotor (c6nfoslnd uhill):ad:tilh auidaeity to itnsinuate hI very unolatakeabloq term.,. that if I Indulged a |ittJo,'nore in hydropathie mneisures W'ifoildhd be bettor or ? nir morals, and .ad vantageons for 0my health;:= Mynose did' eyes ha'iv beern. alreqdy, described. ,IL?generally' wear green spectacles to itro!.Sol's dazzling'glare,.but the un. dharitpbble sver it'is to conceal my.squint. My teeth are geneially sijiaking good,'with the exception that one of my upper fronts stands out i0 rather a promi. nent point- oft view. This'renders me somewhat pugilistic "in, m appearaire, asitf someo.sporting cousin In a fritndly ruund had given me a decisive blow, and I to ptove thart sild tooth had not been swallowed, had made the suncessful attempt of placing itbetore.;tle 'ptulio gaze to satisly any hesitating mind i My forehtad is unquestionably. good, Intimiit. ipg at, ontc th ihreasliold to copious stores ofintiellee" inal riches. i My liir Icionfess, isassuming a greyish Lint,: stii to hriailiorind' with it, and the rnbuesnd proplorilots of 'tii viasge, I ?s seen n snuffct0ufed l. ieilo then, de rreaders, uot are eontohplanthg my titevol nt eouoP eipuenitaud a~lnsirljgnmy ics mi ntanding j: iect, ki ' t?ate retireto theosades to Indulge In thue fdrbldd den'ci iyemii tet of tle villsge?' t .i.....1, l( 7'u &ec.oaibtaed.;) ' I A few nlglts ago M"l9ra'Jones, who ",hand been out -taking his glass antdpipe, on going home late borrowed an umbrella ?til(1 wbnilliswi'fe's .tongueo' wasrloos. ened ho sat up in lid and suddenly, ppread out the pareplute. " \Vhat ire'ydo going to do wi It that thing?l:';spd saio;i'" Why, dear;",I ixpected :a very heavy storm'to.ijlight, and camsuprepared." ,In less thtln two milnutes?,Mrs. Joites wasfst asleep ,; Asx Ot. ANo Youxo Wennaon;--flow old,Benbow, in hls'grand?' laced cooked. hat,, deep-flapped rwhite satin wadlstcdat-, oild eintletilpte! ,kne-breecles, andt silverbntckles, o 'wilI be eistoniglhe, could lie iiso' from theidead durltglli modern sa- brittlc,' and goion hb iia snuch a.vessel as.the Warrir.'as.it moveod into aetidh. Yat1 .;q lay ardthts3n! to.ryarsarm;,nnd,eoliits lii roadslidb llyne or the other.yeld--so p 4rii},, In biiiirdera tllrodgliopen iitit.hle,tlt tj.quhsidalI shd In poop-windows--no drlvingiito the cnptain'd 1:litil with pistols nand: euti?seds? '-"iAriddwhat is that dreadful pl ing.noisb,bo'nnoFbetweeu.di;ks?'('sayi the tc(cldnro 's, r'ghost;,:a' Tit, .ppI It1ples1q 3¢,ydp!r honor,i t?r? lie yngi}nteltndines puttilng.,oit'eet.ra ngolte for'rdnhing hdtw ntlie'Friench eorvolttiia-li?ud or 'sý thie.; bnrrinlt jtiiee (theldIoisiiget*i.)'ii" iAilJl i? At noise ilse tinloading stones, bosunl"t ' lTiat iIigdt. tiig tip coalssfroi the bunkers forthflforty furnaes."' " Anl, goodldniVefsbnwhtere is thelboy,spInyl 't.gosstso,tO boiunll?''" , 'ilped back on the liiei gef yolrliaoisrl so as not to tolp hits when wbrui dostn thei 'neu.isv ' , What ae witderful agel I! Andiwhltnt' Is (tihateii1 mous lron-.p t on deik for?'! . :Foir rfltmon,2tn iii'sse thb6eneiiy iar us." "Bu Ilt why noit, put 1hsem lii main tolls, a they lused to do in ou t. i ?eli? 'Tho mi mudsio't:g upialuft nmtyoiro holnori; ist' a sointi with puley and 'tnackle.'!-" ' Do'I u t'eve ltVti i inast shi? tt sly?T;!;' so, your, hpnur,i.becndastthdl aren all 'I ow many, sixty.elghtst doyojisrry??i "'YQur'iodlo Isinitaklih?.?U gf an ohlk "liari..Xli? 2110 potindtes hro otir;li.?f 1'nsto to"dd li? orli withi" lt d lieavens " says the vineribltelghsist fading away in sheor :disginst;f "' ddlii'tk' tkl?l\Thit the world's c tqlhigAtol,-Dicken' 'll the. YearTllodnrd. 