ITALY. The great ceremonial at Rome to. celebrate the canonisation of the Japanese martyrs took place on Sunday, June S. The ceremony occupied six hours, and was attended by 14 cardinals, about 250 bishops, and the diplomatic body generally. Letters of June 8 from Rome give full accounts of the cere mony. The illumination of the church with 15,000 candles seems to have been a failure : The efect was not brilliant; so vast are the proportions of the church that it was in comparative drkness, as if taus of the fourth magnitude were glittering faintly. Seen from without, the walls had the appearance of being inlid with bright mosaics, while the smoke of the candles and of the incense gave the interior the areara-nce of a vast theatre in a thick London fog. The lighting up was a decided mistake, and the less said about it the better. As to the assembly in the church: Nearly 400 mitres were here assembled, a eih?t whih h the world has not seen for centuries, and perhaps will never see a^ain. After these and a number of other off.oers, his holiness is borne into the church marnif. cently attired, having two ags of feathe?- at his side and holding a wax taper in his left hand. while with his right he blesses the multitude. It is impossible to give you an adequate idea of the feeling which his appear ance awakened among men who had come from all parts of theworldto seetherepresentative of St. Peter, the depositary of the Holy Spirit, the half man, half God, as they regarded him, about whom they had read and talked, and for whom they had prayed since they were children no higher than the knee. " Le Saint Pere ! Le Saint Pere!" exclaimed the French priests ; " 11 Santo Padre !" cried the Italians; and Germans, Spaniards, Greeks, Americans, and English all manifested the some zeal, each in his different tongue. . . The singers of the Vatican chanted with their unearthly voices "To es Petrus," and the voices, not so much softened as rendered more meagre by the distance, glided like ghosts through the building. At times another body of men chanted " Ave Maris Stella," and it was thus that the Pope was borne through 50,000 worshippers from every country under the sun to the high altar beyond the tomb of the Apostle, where he descended from his seat, and after praying, was again carried forwards to the throne at the upper end of the nave. After much doing of homage and chanting of Veti, CrcatorSpirits, followed the actual canoniostion, a few words opokenby the Pope, and then the news was announced by cannon out in the open air, and a Te Deem by the multitude in the church. The Giornale di Rocca has published an allocution delivered-by the Pope to the assembled cardinals and bishops on the 9th of June. Ilisholiness, standing on the dogma of infallibility, asserts that the Roman Churchis not susceptible of improvement, and that it is divine in all its parts. He denounces all those whopresume to interfere with spiritual things ; pronounces an anathema upon modern heresies of all kinds; and on the supposed enemies of the Papacy he hurls a storm of invective, in which figure the terms " the wicked," "liars," "impious libertines," "dreadful criminals," "Satanic art," &c.; His holiness concludes withan appeal to the consistory, "the salt of the earth," to enter on an aggressive warfare against the condemned opinions and for the maintenance of the Papacy. . The bishops responded in an address in which they assert that the temporal power of the Pope was a necessity, establiahed by the manifest design of divine Providence, and declaring their readiness to go with the Pope topria-da td death in its defence. The Italian Chamber of Deputies, irritated by some assertions contained in the address of the bishops, appointed a cemmittee, with the sanction- of Signor Rattaxai, to draw up a counter address. On the 1Sth of June the deputies passed an address to the king, affirming that "the bishops assembled at Rome have cast grave insults upon our country The have denied our national right and have invoked foreign violence. The words pro nounced at the Vatican have declared all negotiations impossible.. When ecclesiastics, forgetting their ministry, put forth wishes for political reaction ; when ruffians carry desola. tion from the Pontifical territory into the Seuthern provinces, Europe ought to be con vinced that the authority of the Italian king and people only can settle the Roman ques tion," It is rumoured that the result of the con vocationf'of bishops in Rome has been an official intimation to the French government that the Pope and his advisers will not listen to any terms of compromise. Cardinal ? orlot ie said to have been commissioned by th Frernchl Emperor to broach some propositions but, upon hsis. proreediog to deliver his message, he was cut short by a definite refusal to entertain any terms whatever. 