COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. Mail Robbery. — A telegram was re ceived in town oil Thursday from S >f.ila Post Office, dated the 21st instant, stating that some ruffians had opened the mail bags at that place, and piltered their con tents, among which were moneys, to the extent of JE852 8s. 10d., the principal part, however, being cheques. There were several registered letters, all of which were, we understand, addressed to different merchants in Sydney. There being nothing definite' in the message beyond that the Tambaroora besides the Sofala bags were stolen from the Post Office. — Herald. OllDlNATION of Hit. W. F. Reid. — Mr. W. F. Reid, son of the Rev. John Reid of this city (Sydney) having lately received a call to the pastorate of the Union Presbyterian Congregation, in the district of Queanbeyan, was, on Thursday evening, 24th July, solemnly ordained to tho office of the Gospel ministry. The ordination took place in the Mariner's Church, Circular Quay. A considerable number of the congregation, usually as- -sembling there under the ministry of the Rev. John Reid, and other friends, were present on the occasion. The intro ductory devotional exercises were con ducted by the Rev. Charles Cater. The Rev. Samuel Humphreys preached an im pressive sermon on the words of the Apostle Paul to Timothy, " Preach the word ; be instant in season, out of season," setting forth the nature of a divineLy called ministry, and the character and work of a faithful servant of Christ. Mr. W. F. Reid, at the request of the Rdv. S. Humphreys, then .gave expression to his views of the call to the ministry, and the- responsibilities of tbe office he was about to undertake. The Rev. John Reid stated that due public notice having been given, no objection had been made to the life or doctrine of the candidate, and asked his son the questions usually put to can didates for the ministry in the Presby terian Church on such occasions, which questions were all satisfactorily responded to. Thereupon the act of ordination took place ; the Rev. John Reid offering up prayer, in the course of which he, to gether with the Rev. S. Humphreys, the Rev. William Baker, and the Rev. Charles Cater, by the laying on of hands, Bolemnly ordained Mr. W. F. Reid to the office of the Gospel ministry. The Rev. W. Ridley afterwards gave an address to the young minister, founded on the words, " They that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever." It was inti mated that Mr.W. F. Reid was about to enter on the exercise of his ministry in tho sphere to which he has been called on the first Sabbath in August. — Empire. Important to Tobacco Growers.; — It has been too commonly supposed that the hot peculiar flavour of much of the colonial tobacco which has operated un favourably against its consumption, is due to some imperfection iu the process of manufacture. Without doubt, the best description of raw material will turn out unsatisfactorily if proper care be not ex ercised in its preparation for the con- aumer ; but judging front some samples which we have seen fresh from the bauds of the grower, the manufacturer who would seek to convert thera into au article that could compete witli the produce of America would stand the chance of little else than failure. Many persous, we are glad to hear, have embarked in the culti vation of tobacco in this district since the setting in of the rise in price ; and it is to be hoped that the present opportunity of setting this brunch of local industry on a fair looting may not be marred by undue haste and inattention on the part of those interested in it permanence. The proverb which points out the hopelessness of attempting to construct a silk purse out of unsuitable material may well be borne in roiud by growers who would wish colo nial tobacco to command the market by its quality as well as its cheapness. — Maitland Mercury. Tee Visit ' of tee AncnwsEoi> to Braidwood. — Ilis Grace the Archbishop has, since his arrival in Braidwood, cele brated mass every morning at St. Bede's Glturch, when a great' number of persons have been in attendance. To-morrow (Sunday) morning, Ttis Grace will cele brate mass at St. Bede's Church, at the hours of eight, nine, and eleven ; at the conclusion of which he will aduiinistei the sacrament of Confirmation. His j Grace will proceed to Major's Creek on Sunday afternoon to consecrate the ceme tery, and will celebrate mass there on Monday, and administer the sacrament of Confirmation to such 'as cannot attend in Braidwood. His Grace will then proceed to Aralueii on Monday afternoon, and will prepare the children for confirmation, which will be administered on Tuesday. Front thence in the ufternoou, his Grace will proceed to lleidsdale, where, after preparing the children, he will administer the sacrament of Confirmation on Wed nesday, returning from thence to Braid wood. — Dispatch. Church of England, Albury. — Messrs. G. Adams and Owen have made an -active canvass with a view of collect ing subscriptions to meet the deficiency in the stipend fund, and we understand they have collected about .£00. This amount is more than sufficient to pay what is owiitg to the Rev. R. Potter, but a further sum of .£90 is still required to clear off the debt due to the Church Society and to meet other claims. — Bor der Post. Attempted Suicide. — "We regret to state that on Monday afternoon, about two o'clock, Mr. George Auteliffe, hair dresser, High-street, made an attempt to terminate his existence by throwing him self in the river, in rear of his premises. It appears Mr. Antcliffe litis been drink ing to excess for the last few days, and delirium tremens having set in, the un fortunate man was induced to take the rash step lie had done. Fortunately Mr. I Antcliffe was seen moving in the water by one' or two of the neighbours, imme diately on his throwing himself into the river, and by the timely assistance of Mr. J. Russell, jun., Mr. Todd, and others, he was rescued, from a watery grave. He was taken to the Police Office, on Mon day evening, for protection, and passed a very restless night iu the lock-up. Yes terday morning lie was brought up b? fore the bench charged with ati attempt to kill himself by throwing himself iu the river Hunter. He was ordered to find sureties to be of good beliavour for six mouths, himself in .£50, and two sureties of .£20 each ; or in default to be impri soned in Maitland gaol for one month. — Maitland Ensign. One of Gardiner's Mates in Goul- burn. — A report prevailed in town yes terday (Friday)thatoueof Gardner's mutes had been seen that morning in Goulburti. It appears that a Mr. Marshall, formerly of the Great Eastern Kite!, Latnbiug Flat, saw a man whom lie recognised as a constant companion of Gardiuer, whilst that worthy was at Burrattgnng pursuing his nefarious ways, proceeding along the road to Sydney, mounted on a handsome grey horse, about, seven a.m. Shortly afterwards he gave information to the police, uud Captain Zottoh immediately a' ... .1 t - ...a CA ! — : uiaparciiuii curyt'UiJL-iJiajui oiupuvubuu uuu trooper Hughes along the Sydney road, with instructions to apprehend the man. Information was also telegraphed to Berrima attd Campbelltown, so that the police along the whole line might be on the look out. On enquiring at tho watch- house at a .late hour last night, no in telligence of the return of the police had been received, but it is probable that, as the man had a good two hours' start of the police, he would not be overtaken for some distance, -and in that case he would have been taken on to Wingello for tbe night. — Chronicle. Owing to a telegram received by Senior-sergeant Brennan, a person in many respects answering the description of the supposed mate of Gardi ner was apprehended on Sunday near Bogolong, but circumstances afterwards transpired to satisfy the police that the prisoner was not the person sought for. He was accordingly discharged from custody oil Monday. The name of the man said to be Gardiner's mate is John son. A Lunatic in Ciiurce. — The follow ing novel 'occurrence is reported in the Argus : — During evensong at St. Peter's Church, on Sunday, a middle-aged woman, with a rather wild and haggard look, en tered tiie church and occupied one of the pews near the centre of the building. Her strange appearance and evident disregard of the solemnity of the place, were notified by persons sitting near her, but ,her con duct did not call for any special interfe rence until the singing of the Nunc Dim- illis, when she became greatly excited, turned round towards the choir, waved her hands, and exclaimed in a loud voice, " God bless Jesus and Mary and send the Holy Ghost to comfort the Queen." The poor woman coutinued to make some in coherent remarks, and her behaviour at tracted the attention of a large portion of the congregation. The attention of the verger being directed to the disturbance, he promptly removed the unfortunate crea ture from the church, without causing uny iuterruption to the progress of the service. | Important Decision. — The Age re- I ports a decision of some importance to those engaged in the tobacco trade, given in the County Court, by his Honor Judge Pohlmun. An action was brought by a Mr. Fox to recover from Mr. Heard, tobacconist, j£6 10s., for short delivery of a parcel of tobacco. Tho plaintiff had purchased from the defendant tun cases of tobacco, at 4s. 2d. per lb., the sale note purporting that each case contained 20 lbs. Oil examining the cases it was found that instead of coutaining 20 lbs. each, they did not contain more than 17. The action was brought tit recover the diffe rence in value between the quantity ac tually paid for and that delivered. For the defence, it was alleged that it was the practice of the trade to sell the boxes as containing 20 lbs., though none of them really did so. The Judge thought as the plaintiff paid for 20 lbs. of tobacco, he was entitled to receive that quantity, and gave him a verdict for the full amount with £3 3s. costs. Cai't. Towns' Scheme for Cotton Growing in Australia. — 1st. I have uow measured and paid for 1280 acres of land on tho Logan, selected by nty ootton overseer — a thorough practical man from the cittqn-growiiig States of America. He lias at present ten teams ploughing : and breaking up the ground, and promises i to plant with cotton 400 acres. ' But-lsere : I must remark the expense will at once put an end to the enterprise, unless we ; can get labour much less. The contract price for ploughing is T3 per acre — this will at once amount to prohibition, unless I can overcome the difficulty by intro ducing tiie lately invented steuin cultiva tor. by Howard, which my friend Mr. Oxley lias at present working on his farm at Kirkhum, and with which the expense by his account, may be reduced to under 10s. an acre; in some cases, and after practice, Mr. Oxley thinks it may be done for 6s. This will be a monster relief ; and relying on this gentleman's judgment I have sent by this mail for two of Howard's cultivators. 2nd. I may men- I tion having been disappointed both in my Coolie and Chinese labour works. I have written home this morning to my part ner in England; Mr. Stuart, with u note of introduction to Mr. Bazley, that cham pion of cotton growing, whose acquaint ance I made in England. I have also written that gentleman very fully my views; — taking up his letter of — May, t« the Mayor of Manchester, and calling on him to support tny views on the scheme I have proposed, and to test which I have requested them to send me out twenty to thirty families (the larger the families the better), front to not Jover thirty-live to forty years of age, on the following terms and conditions. . 3rd. It is admitted on all sides the monster advantage it is and will be to any of these distressed people to reach the shores of Australia, but the question is, how are they to reach here. 1 reply, by paging their own passage, ami thus retain that manly independence so desirable to every Briton, and of which we hear so much. My plan is simply this, ami a plan which was in operation here some years ago, but I believe was found too troublesome to be worked by the emigration department, and thus aban doned. 4th. I am ready and willing to advance tiie money for their passage and outfit from England to Queensland, on condition they enter into agreement with me for three years. Every member of the family that are capable to work at such rate of wages as may be agreed. I have named for the head of the family from .£20 to i-25 per annum, and .the children according to their age, with full rations according to ages, with the usual huts or houses for their use. Thus they have at once a home, with ample food, to begin with, and constant work for three years, during which I will -require, by small instalments, the amount advanced for their passage and outfit ; those pay ments may be arranged by endorsement on the agreement, or by their own notes of hand, at extended periods ; or you tnay call it deferred payments. And with ti view to their encouragement they will have the option of paying off their liability sooner if they can, and be at liberty to do so on six months' notice after the first year, when their indenture or agreement will he cancelled, and the family will be at liberty to go where it may please. — Letter to S. M. Herald. Ventilating tiif. Subject.— In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, a dis cussion took place of a somewhat novel nature. The windows were shut — the doors were closed — tho room was crowded ; — and three large fires were blaziug in different corners of the chamber. Mr. Dalgleish ..called attention to the fact that the proper officer had refused to open any of the windows, and demanded a more plentiful supply of fresh air. Mr. Speaker declined to make any order in reference to the matter ; and it appears that oil a formfir occasion the window ropes wore severed. Of course there was a debate. Mr. Hart, finding that the windows were not to he opened, moved the adjournment of the House. The matter was viewed in various aspects, serious and comic. The Government objected to have their supporters killed off by influenza. By way of repartee, it was stated, that if the gentlemen on that side felt uncomfortable in their position there were lion, members opposite willing to exchange places with them. When the discussion had ex tended over a considerable period, Mr. Dalgleish walked across tiie hall and opened two of the windows, shortly after which Mr. Hart desired to withdraw his motion, remarking that lie only desired to have the matter " ventilated." The busi ness of the country was then proceeded with, and the fires having received ad ditional supplies of oxygen, bunted more brightly tliuu before. — S. M. Herald. Extraordinary Circumstance. — The following account of a remarkable circumstance, which is attributed by the Bendigo Independent to the recent earth quake, we extract from that journal : — "Not far froiu'the'tJnioti Hotel is a con tinuous crack, in the earth's surface, traceable nearly across the whole width of the main Murray Road, and extending the length of 300 feet. Inclining nearer to the northerly end of the crack, we find a chasm about six feet wide, 128 feet long, and about 51 feet deep in the lowest part. This was first discovered by the neighbours a day or two after the earth quake was felt in Melbourne. In ueur proximity, are several mining shafts, tiie depth of which at this spot is from eighty to ninety feet, At first we thought it probable that an old drive hud caved in, but it hears not the slightest approach to the external appearance of such an event ; the chasm is clear and defined, and the depth as we have stated — thus plainly re futing the idea of its being the effect of au old drive giving way. it has a most awful look, and besides is extremely dan gerous. The only solution we can arrive at is, that it is one of the effects of the earthquake felt at Melbourne, aud which possibly has. run through the more iniaud portions of the colony." Alteration in Time-table for tee Mails between Goulburn, Sydney, and Braidwood. — Messrs. Crane and Roberts, the contractors for carrying tho mails between the above towns, have been informed that the following time table will cotne in force on the 1st of August next : — The mails will leave Campbelltown at half-past seven o'clock i very evening, except Sunday, arriving at N.ircllan (live miles) at 8.20 p.m.; at Camden (six miles), 8.30 ; leaving Cam den at 8.40; arriving at Picton (eighteen i miles) at 10.40 ; leaving there at 10.50 ; ! arriving at Nattai (thirty-nine miles) at 2.20 a.m. ; luavijig there at 2.30 ; ar riving at Berrima (forty-nine miles) at 4.10 ; leaving there at 4.40 ; arriving at Marulan (seventy-eight miles) at 9.40 ; leaving there, at 9.50, and at riving at Goulburn (ninety-four miles) at 12.30 p.m. The mail will leave Goulburn every morning (except Saturday) at 10 a.m., arriving at Marulan at 12.40 p. in , Berrima, 5.50 ; Nattai, 8 ; Picton, 11.40; Camden, 1.50 a.m.; Narelluti, 2 10 ; and Campbelltown at 3 o'clock : total, 17 hours. The mail will leave Goulburn for Braidwood at 2 p.m. ; reaching Turago at . 6 ; Boro, 7.30 ; leaving there tit 8; ami arriving at Braidwood at 2 a.m. It will leave Braidwood at .8 p.m. ; arriving at Boro tit 2 a.m. ; Tarago, 4 a.m. ; and Goul burn at 8 a.m. — Chronicle. Valuable Discovery. — We under stand that Mr. Kennedy, of the Joint Stock Bank, Bathurst, has discovered that a rich gold-liuld exists on his land, in the immediate vicinity of the town. Mr. Kennedy a short time ago, sent about nineteen hundred weight of quartz to Sydney to bo assayed ; tbe result was most satisfactory, and we have seen the gold which was returned from the Mint, the produce ol the assay. There are immense quantities of the raw material on Mr. Kennedy't land, and we trust that steps will be taken immediately to develop the same, as such a course must lead to advance the prosperity of the town and district generally. — Bathurst Free Press. Batiiukst. — At the auti- State-aid meeting, held on Wednesday night, the chair was occupied by Dr. Maehattie. The meeting' was a densely crowded one. The different speakers, amongst whom were miniiters of the Wesleyan and Baptist denominations, could not obtain a hearing in consequence of the noisy inter ruptions of several persons present, who seemed to form a perfectly organised fac tion, and some of whom had supplied themselves with a quantity of dough for the purpose of pelting the speakers. The chairman, tfter many fruitless efforts to obtain order, adjourned the meeting, as it was utterly impossible to go on with the business whilst these noisy proceedings continued. A deputation, consisting of Dr. Maehattie, the Rev. Mr. Piddington, Mr. Caldwell, Mr. Thornton, and several other gentleman, waited on the police ma gistrate, this afternoon, to obtain per mission to hold the adjourned meeting in the Court House, at the usual hour. Iu answer to this request the police magis trate stated that he thought it probable that another Meeting would cause a riot ; and as lie had not sufficient police force to quell the disturbance, would not con sent. After some consultation, the depu tation decidal upon holding a meetins. during the day next Wednesday ; the time is fixed for :wo o'clock. — Telegram, £>, M. Herald. 