QUEENSLAND. THK SOLEMN PROTEST AND COMPLAINT OF THK NKW CHOM. Gentle readers, for to those alone I address myself for sympathising tenderness, aud balm of consolation for my wearied, perspiring, mosquito- bitten feelings; I care not for those brawny, bearded, old colonists of cucumbcr coolness whose only answer to my well grounded complaint is a laugh a jeer or a jibe, (and how fearfully their coarse loud laughs fall on my already lacerated feelings). No, to those alone, who, like myself, who are not rhinoceroses with insensible hides, do I look for good Samartian feelings aud those alone do I address. Therefore Gentle Readers, Lend me your ears, I am "a new chum." I have been dubbed so by gentlemen of whom. I have spoken above as old colonials (or Rhinoceroses), and I accept the title, while confessing that I do not clearly understand it; but if it means one whose nights ore spent' in vain pursuits of native stingers, called mosquitos, but in reality devils, whose eyelids never close in peaceful soothing slumber, whose ears are ringing with a continual, menacing, buzz, buzz, buzz, whose haudsare eternally buffeting his'own suffering head in the most delusive hope of exterminating these imps of darkness, then I am a new. clium—If it means one, whose dreams, wheu his wearied and broken frame have at last sunk to sleep, are haunted by dreadful visions of Ghosts—blood-sucking dentists—surgeon's saws—vampires—devils —then I am a new chunL If it means one, whose days drag on in an idle search after cooluess, under a boiling, broiling, sweating, blistering, red hot ball of liquid fire, which passes with old colonials as The Sun(!!), then most emphatically I am a new chum in the most extremely suffering sense of the fearful term. But let me bo cool (cool !am I au Iceberg, do I look like one! cool—what a derision !) Oh! for the plaintive eloquence of a Jeremiah to hand down my woeB, even to the remotest ages! Shall I relate the sufferings of that first night of torture ? Itenovare dolorem. How, revelling in the luxury of a bed of decent size, after three months confinement in a species of coflin, called a berth not quite eighteen inches in breadth, (my enemies say I am rather stout, but that is malevolence) I prepared for balmy slumber and dreamy from the ivory gates with a confidence as unbounded, alas as it was bnseless. The tramp, tramp, tramp, of the officer of the watch in his heavy sea boots, his hoarse voice, calling the men aft to disturb my repose under the pretext of squaring main-braces or Imiling tins rope and that, would no more be heard, nor did I fear anymore that a sudden pitch of the good ship would send my head bump against t he luckless beam that traversed my cabin ; all was beautiful, no longer tliat horrible smell of ships pervaded the atmosphere, and with expanding and grateful heart, I rolled over and over in my broad bed, in the innscented sheets, extinguished my candle and shut my eyes. I have iu my time beard many fearful sounds, I have lienrd the red Indian warwhoop, very faithfully imitated by an inebriated party of friends within the walls of old T.C.—I lived for twelvemonths at Hupelburg, my chamber separated but by a thin partition of poor Frity von—no matter —who had a taste for the (cracked) guitar, (beer) and the Deu&chtn; Vattrlaiul, eveu to tliis day, ' Sein, nein, nein, nein Seyn Vnterland muss weiter seyn 1" keeps ringing in my cars—I have heard the shout of the Arabs of Kabylia as they swooped down on their French foes, and I have heard the Highland bagpipes—I have been persecuted by a solo player on a cracked Clarionette, who daily pursued his dismal, dolorous, hideous industrious right, under my windows in a retired street in Loudon, and I have heard Flemish fisherwonien dispute—1 remained fifteen mortal days, I could not make my escape sooner, with a friend who lias four musical daughters, a piano out of tune, of course, aud a harp—and I have heard street- boys howl "Willie we have missed you" with an occasional detour to « Ratcatcher's daughter." But in the columns of this widely-spread Journal 0u the honour of "a new clium" I i most solemnly asseverate that any of ' these dismal sounds, separately or all col- , lectively areas nothing to the tiuy buzz that, j resouuded that night in my ears, and is still j filling them with mortal dread. Beginning slowly with a sound which may be trans- J • lated where-is he—wliere-is-he. it gradually | augments in velocity and intensity, until it j conies to au abrupt stop in "here he is," I worse thau Sir Boyle Roche's famous bird,! it is not only in two places, it is everywhere at the same time. You gently raise your | open hand and with beating heart lay iu j ambush for the little but indefatigable tor-1 mentors, you bring your open palm smartly i and forcibly on your ear, a sounding stroke • you have caught it—lia ! ha ! have you, ! no ! on the other side now—yes, no—bac! ' ' again—no it is setting, squatting on yok ' nose ; now uot wisliiug that essential featuur already of a respectable size, to be increare, in bulk by an ugly swelling, and boiugsed i , sides slightly irritated by the unce be-; torment and your unsuccessful atteasing i you shut your list and bring it dowumpts, i all your might and main on—wlia with ] mosquito—oh ! no—but on your poor inoffensive nose, which you succeed but to well in punishing severely, not to say more—This, reader, is a true account of my own acts on that eventful night, To resume my narrative in the first person, remembering my old prowess at bolstering matches in school boy days or rather nights, I seized that instrument of war aud with all the agility of consccutrated passion aud the general luckless results of tlie same to the most numerous members of the body, I belaboured the air with the force of a giaut and dogged resolution of a true-bom Briton. But'whatbootsittocontinue ? Suffice it to say that the rays of the rising sun beheld in me a hugemosqnito bite, with the slightest possible trace left of the "human form divine." 1 shall pass over with the contempt and scorn they merit my friends' grinning inquiries as to show I had passed the night, as well as certain titterings wliich I overheard among the servants mixed up with such broken words of " the new gent— nose, uobblers aud blood in the basin—nor shall I hiform the reader liow much certain chemist charges for court plaister although I do know it, but what of that! I shall also briefly pass over the different remedies I havctricd, I smoked tobacco until my clothcs, my very hair positively reeked with the vile odour aud—well—no matter, I am no smoker and it wasnot blood that was in the basin next day—I who patronised hitherto choice perfumes, am now positively like a nasty German Cabaret when just opened, before the cool breezes of the morning have dispelled the nauseous atmosphere of beer—Bourkrout and bad tobacco. I have homed another compound in my room, recommended, of course, by a friend, the said compound is very easily procured especially in cattle stations (I cannot further particularise it), and I cannot say whether it drove out the mosquitoes, but it did, myself. Other remedies have I tried but it were useless to enumerate them. . Now that his freinds of Macquarie-street the worshipers of ' the Drowsy God' have deserted their temple of dullness, the New Chum knows not where to gain an hour of ." balmy sleep—nature's sweet restorer," true he has made a collection of the speeches to act as an opiate, but alas—when will he tlle monotonous inimitable, somolent (deliveiy! Tom Moore may say, The best of all wayB - To lengthen our days, Is to steal a few hours from the night But Tom Moore knew nothing about mosquitoes. The New Chum, thinks therefore,tliat his "days will be loug ill th,e land of the living" but that his death may be some use to science, and to his fellow-men, he propounds the following questions : To the learned of all countries, natural pliilosophers, zoologists, <fcc. 1st Why do all the mosquitoesoi the whole colony settle down on "the new chum} 1 ' 2nd. Does the diet of the sailing vessel,' hard biscuit, auatoiuical fowls, and bank-' „m(. ,„,.,. / . „' , rupt mutton give a peculiar flavour to the flush ™t„f„i i,, J j.„„v„ i 4.1 nesn. gratetul to the taste of the mosquito f I 3rd. If so why? I To the benefactors of sleepless humanity- I a ^ i J o t c h u Z ^ r ^ ' 2nd. As tlie one is a denizen of the atmospherical, the other of the celestial empi£ * could they not effect an exchange ! Of ! two evils choose the less. (RecSneuded ' to tbeespeeial consideration^ M, Lucas, 3rd. Why they do not resolve themselves into a commitce of the house to inquire into the conduct of the officers for the protection Arc. of emigrants, who are left notoriously exposed to these terrible night attacks 1 4th. Would it not be desirable to vote statue to "the New Chum" if dead, a pension if living at their next mwry ' meeting 1 FreemansJournal, * 