FREE CHURCH OF SCOTLAND. I TRANSLATION OF THE REV. on. STEEL, ynOM CHELTENHAM, TO MACauAniB-BTllBBT ClInCH, SYDNEY. THE Presbytery of Birmingham met by appointment ., in the Presbyterian Church, on Thursday, January, , 23rd, at 7 of, luck, for the purpose of disposing of the call addressed to the Rev. Dr. Steel. The Presbytery consisted of the Rev. Dr. Mackenzie, moderator, Birmingham ; Rev. T. Macpherson, M.A., Birmingham ; Rev. G. Lewis, Dudley ; Rev. P. R. Cross, Stafford with Menus. Moody and Williams, elders. The meeting was constituted in prayer and praise. After the minutes had been road, the call from Sydney was taken up, and reasons for transition laid on the table. The Rev. Dr. Bonar, from Edinburgh, then addressed the meeting, pleading for the translation of the Rev. Dr. Steel, in doing so he said he was there in' that evening as the representative of the Colonial Committee of the Free Church of Scotland, to plead for the translation of the Rev. Dr. Steel to the important city of Sydney, New South Wales, he had to express the regret of the commissioners from Sydney, who were absent, at their not being able to be present in Cheltenham that evening. He felt he was called upon that night to occupy no enviable position. He knew well what it was to port from a loving and beloved pastor ¡ he knew generally what such sepa- rations cost, and he knew exactly what was the feeling of the members of Dr. Steel's congregation in CiuUenhsm, on the occasion of his departure from amongst them. He respected that feeling, and sympathised with them in the loss they were about to sustain. There were, however, times and circumstances when it became the duty of Christians to rise superior to these feelings ; when the interests of the Church required them to make sacrifices, In all these things they must remember that it was more blessed to give than to receive. Their own feelings, therefore, must be brought into subjection, where great public benefits were at stake, and they must make some sacrifices for the necessities of others, and for the advantages of the Church of Christ, (Hear, hear.) His position, therefore, that night, in the presence of that congregation, though not a very pleasant one, was one from which he dared not shrink. They were not asking Dr. Steel to do anything incompatible with the duty of a Christian minister ; they were not asking him to go to another place where he would have less labour or less opportunity of carrying out the ministry. But they were sending him to a place where his labours would be carried on in a much larger sphere of usefulness than had yet been the case in this country. The colonial parts of the earth required good Christian ministers even more than the churches at home. Wherever their countrymen settled in distant lands, it was the duty of Christians at home to follow them with the blessed Gospel, and there was scarcely any sacrifice which they should not make for this. Wherever they planted future empires, they ought also to plant the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. He thought the reasons which had been read were Fund and sufficient reasons to request the Presbytery at home to send out their dear friend, Dr. Steel, to Sydney, in order that he might become the pastor of a church there in connection with the Free Church of Scotland, as it existed in Great Britain. He (Dr. Bonar) asked for that translation on behalf of the congregation worshipping in that far off land. It was a most important congregation, in the city of Sydney, New South Wales. They CORN not over- estimate the importance of having a good and efficient minister of the Gospel in such a place as that. The congregation had had many trials and difficulties to contend with, but they had surmounted them all, and were a strong and united congregation. The church was situate in one of the best parts of the city of Sydney, close to the two Houses of Parliament, and in the congregation were to be found many of their hard-working sons who had emigrated thither from the mother country. Several members of both Houses of the Legislature also attended the church. It was not a new or a dis- organised body ; happily it was a congregation that had been properly organised ; it had its elders, its Sabbath-schools, and all those things necessary for the very existence of a Christian Church. It was most important, therefore, to send out a faithful minister, and an efficient pastor to such a portion of the Colonial Church. He (Dr Bonar) asked for the translation of Dr. Steel from Cheltenham to Sydney, on behalf of the city itself. ? Wherever vacancies existed in England it was important to fill them with men of influence and position ; how much more important was it for Sydney. It was one of the largest cities in Australia, the centre of influence, and the seat of Government. It was likewise the seat of learning, the University of the land being erected there, and in addition to all this, almost every person going from this country to Australia arrived at that port, and took their departure thence back to England. It was a place, therefore, that ought to be supplied with an efficient minister of the Gospel There were three churches in connection with the Free Church in the city of Sydney, and two of these were at present without ministers ; therefore it was incumbent on them to send out to Sydney as efficient a man as possible. They must remember that Australia, though an island, was as large as the whole continent of Europe. They must also remember that the colony of New South Wales was larger than Great Britain, and that at present it possessed a population of half a million, who were daily rising in wealth, commerce, influence, and, in fact, everything that could tend to make a country happy and prosperous. Should they not therefore be willing to send the glad tidings of the Gospel to such a people as that He could not help thinking that for the capital of such an important colony as New South Wales, it was the duty of the Church at home to send H superior minister. This was but a duty Christians in England owed to their fellow countrymen abroad. He also asked for the transla- tion of their brother, Dr. Steel, in the name of their .,. common Presbytery. The Presbyterian Church had not been sufficiently looked after in distant lands, and the brethren at home had not done for their fellow-countrymen abroad, that which they should have done. As a consequence of all that many of their fellow-countrymen have been driven to seek Gospel privileges from other sources than Presbyterian ministers'. 155 Its not think, this should be so, for the Gospel they (the Presbyterians) preached was as pure a Gospel as that preached by any other Church, and quite as likely to confer all the benefits of Christianity on its members generally. It became their duty, therefore, to part with a dear brother they much loved when he was going out as a minister of Christ to distant lands. He (Dr. Bonar) asked for the translation of Dr. Steel in the name of the whole colony of New South Wales. Hitherto, they had not done their duty by that colony in respect of planting the Gospel amongst its inhabitants. They had been too apt to grudge sending out their best men, and too apt to send out only those they might be the more willing to part with. That was not what they as Christians ought to do. They ought not to grudge losing their best men for the work of the Gospel in distant lands. God had cast upon England the responsibility of training up the youth of her colonies, and if they wanted to see these colonies a blessing to themselves and the mother country, they ought to send out to them the very best men they could select. Inferior men were not wanted in their colonies ; what was required were men of activity, influence, and position in the Church. It was such men as those who had caused the greatness of the colonies to be felt in other lands. On these and other grounds, therefore, he hoped the Presbytery would be willing on that occasion, and that the congregation at Cheltenham would be willing to part with Dr. Steel, and allow him to go forth on his great and important mission, taking with him their best wishes and united prayers (hear, hear). If Dr. Steel should be found willing to go forth, and if he should acquiesce in the reasons submitted to him by the Presbytery for taking such a step, then he (Dr. Bonar) considered it would be wrong on the part of that congregation to interfere and prevent his going to carry out so important a change. They all believed Dr. Steel to be a man eminently qualified for the vacant post, and they would not" send him out did they not think he was not qualified. But Dr. Steel, from his standing in the mother country, was peculiarly fitted for the position he was requested to fill. True, the Presbytery were taking a man from the midst of a large sphere of usefulness, and from a congregation who were devotedly attached to him. But this difficulty always presented itself in seeking for an efficient minister to be sent to a distant land. Therefore, if Dr. Steel should be willing to go, he did trust that the Presbytery and that congregation would not interfere to prevent so noble a resolve being fulfilled. He felt he ought not to detain the Presbytery at any greater length. He would merely say what he really meant that he did deeply sympathise with his brethren of that congregation in parting with such a ' pastor as Dr. Steel. Every individual present must feel deeply the loss of such a man, but he would venture once more to request them to rise superior to personal feelings where Christianity demanded such sacrifice to be made. The best of them were but servants of the Lord, and the only question that \- ought to have any weight with them was, how they i . , could best devote their short life to the service of God. Oh J that God might make their brother nil' I \- - ? _ -»-^^^-WMM-? ling to go to distant lands, and to make that congregation willing to sacrifice all for His glory, and allow Dr. Steel to take his departure to so distant a part of the globe with their best wishes, and most constant prayer. (Applause.) The Rev. Dr. M'Kenzie, the Moderator, then said, as he had to leave Cheltenham by the quarter-past eight o'clock train, perhaps the meeting would allow him to make a few observations. He hoped he was full impressed with a due sense of the importance of the colonial field of labour, and although he had a strong feeling of regard to the position his brother Dr. Steel occupied in that Church and Presbytery, still he felt no one ought to interfere with the course he had adopted. If Dr. Steel had said he would leave the matter in the hands of the Presbytery, and would not take the responsibility of leaving on himself, perhaps he might not have been so willing to have parted with him. As, however, this might be the last opportunity he had of seeing Dr. Steel on earth, he could assure him that he carried with him to] Aus- tralia 1 is best wishes, for at no man he ever knew did he entertain a higher opinion than of Dr. Steel. So much did he value his friendship, that last week he had asked his kind co-operation in a great movement about to be taken in connection with the Sabbath-school teachers of England. He had hoped to have the kind assistance of his friend, on a matter in which they were both most deeply interested. Therefore it was that he left Cheltenham with a heavy heart. He came to it with a heavy heart, but they might all rest assured that whatever changes took place in this world, Jesus still lived in the midst of His church, and would remain with the church to the end of time. It had pleased God to bless the labours of Dr. Steel in Cheltenham, and he hoped these labours would be ten thousand times more blest in the place to whence he was about to proceed. Though they might never again meet on earth, when they met together again, he hoped it would be in heaven, where there would be many round the throne, who could look to the labours of Dr. Steel as having been made the instrument in God's hand of bringing them from darkness into light, and from the kingdom of sin to the kingdom of everlasting bliss. He hoped God would continue to bless the labours of Dr. Steel and his family, and make him the means of being a great blessing tomanv others. (Hear, hear). Mr. J. Williams then addressed the Presbytery, observing that there was at one end of his heart a degree of selfishness, which he could not help think- ing ought never to be found in a Christian's heart. He felt that he did not like parting from Dr. Steel : ever since he had been amongst them everything had gone on very happily and very comfortably, and he could be quite content to have kept him with them in Cheltenham for some time longer, and have allowed their friends at the Antipodes to have done as best they could. But this should not be the feeling of a Christian. Dr. Steel WBS about being taken from them to do more good elsewhere, and as they were now to lose him, they ought not to forget readily the blessing they had received from his ministrations. He knew of more than one person whom Dr. Steel had been instrumental in turning from darkness to light, and now he was about leaving them they ought to rejoice in the hope that he would be more useful in the place to which he was going than he had ever yet been. During the time Dr. Steel had been in Cheltenham, he had been a father to many a brother to several, and a friend to all. (Hear, hear.) All he hoped was that his friends would not desert the Church when their minister was gone ; the cause was Christ's, not theirs. God had hitherto blessed them, and would continue to do so. They ought not to mourn too much at losing Dr. Steel ; he might have been taken from them under very different circumstances, where they would never have seen or heard of him more. They hoped, however, frequently to hear from him, and to hear that he was doing much in their Saviour's cause, who had done so much for them. ' Messrs. Hunter, Word, Bryant, Workman, Nutt, and M'Craith addressed the meeting, each bearing testimony to the zeal with which Dr. Steel had entered upon and conducted his ministrations in Cheltenham, and referring to the loss the congregation would sustain by his removal to another and' distant sphere of usefulness in the Christian Church. The Rev. Dr. Steel, who appeared to be painfully affected by the occasion, then addressed the Presbytery. He said-Moderator, In giving my judgment on this proposed translation to a distant sphere, a very painful duty lies before me. The invitation came to me unsolicited by me or by any one acting for me. It never once came into my mind that I should go to Australia, When therefore, McAdam, the commissioner from Sydney, introduced the matter to me, he was as the man of Macedonia, making the appeal, " Come over and help us." The vision at Trees did not more surprise the Apostle of the Gentiles this did this appeal and appearance of the Australian deputy surprise me. I was not at all contemplating a change, and had not expressed a desire for one. I had plans arranged, and many prep rations made for years of labour, should it have pleased God to spare me, in Cheltenham. I had an affectionate people, an agreeable sphere, much encourage- ment, and many opportunities of usefulness. But the providential nature of this application impressed me, and demanded consideration. I could not treat it lightly, still less put it aside in ignorance, for ignorant I was of the Church in New South Wales. Without at all committing myself, I felt it my duty to make further inquiry. These inquiries were addressed to the Commissioners, to the Rev. Dr. Bonar.who presides over the colonial committee of the Free Church of Scotland, and several other fathers and brethren in Scotland and England, From all of them I received great courtesy and help, especially from Mr. Adam, who volunteered to visit me here and confer with me on the matter, and from the Rev. Dr. Bonar, whose communications have been full, considerate, earnest, and urgent. I felt also desirous of knowing the views of the former minister now in this country, and received from him courteous and kind replies. All who knew anything of me and of the sphere, wrote with evident consciousness of the importance of the position, and of my fitness for it. Dr. James Hamilton thus wrote : -*" I do not wonder at your having been asked to go to Sydney, and if you went no one would have any right 19 blame or, wonder. The sphere is so wide, the charge so important ; it is so desirable that some of the best men should be at the laying at the foundations of that new empire, and with your literary habits and comprehensive affinities, you are the manner of man who would be a great acquisition to the ministry there, and who I think would be specially welcome." The Rev. W. Chalmers, who it appears had been one of those who suggested rae, wrote, " I named you as one whom I thought eminently qualified for the position. That position I deemed a very important one and were I a younger man, or free to leave my present post, I should not scruple to go." Dr. Candlish, who was kind enough to make some inquiry at my request, thus wrote : " It does seem to me to present a noble opportunity of usefulness. So far as I can gather, you would take at once a high and influential position-I would be inclined to say that were I open to a call to go abroad, I know none that would tempt me more." Another friend of many years, replied : " You may be sure I would be the last man to wish to see you expatriated ; but I must acknowledge that the colonial claim is urgent, and the opening in Providence to exercise a healthy formative influence on the prospects of a great new country, are such as to make your decision member in the balance. The opportunity of stepping into a first position in such a sphere is not a matter to be lightly set aside. It is a question of very serious moment whether some of our ablest men, and especially men of popular gifts, should not go to the great centres of influence in the colonies." Another, a co presbyter of former years, says, " If I were Commissioner from the Sydney congregation, I could make out a very strong case-a case that no Presbytery could refuse to recognise as good and sufficient for translation." The former minister of the church said, "I could not desire a more agreeable sphere of usefulness in the colonies than Sydney. I had the greatest comfort in ministering to my people ; they were warmly attached to me, as they testified at my departure, and while I was with them they uniformly manifested a great desire for my comfort. If the Head of the Church should direct your way thither, I am very confident you would have no reason to regret it." Other friends presented the difficulties of the undertaking, the perils of the way, and the probable disappointment, in colours so dark, BE to make me cautious in my consideration or con- templation of change. But none of these correspondents knew much or anything of the sphere. They wrote in affection, and in fear for myself and my family. From all that I learned, and I had ample opportunity, personal and epistolary, I came to the conclusion that the claims were very great the position important and influential, the abilities of the people to sustain a minister satisfactory, and the prospect of usefulness extensive, such as to demand and to deserve a man of standing and of ability, who had good success at home. But then I had much to hold me. I had a charge in which God, had given me unusual encouragement in the English Presbyterian Church, and I had been in it so short a period was not fully to realise the fruit of my labour. I was the first Presbyterian pm. ister in Cheltenham i When I came the congregation was small, and the communicants only fifty. During three years there has been a considerable increase nearly all English people. I have admitted MO to the Communion, and from as many as eight branches of the Church of Christ, After all the - changes and removals incident to a place like this, the Communion roll is now threefold what it was three years ago. I have a staff of six elders, four of whom are Englishmen; twenty. two Sabbath school teachers, with a goodly proportion of scholars, a Young Men's Society, a Young Men's prayer meeting, a Dorcas Society, a Mother's meeting, a Missionary Society, and indeed almost all the framework necessary for thorough working of a congregation. The funds have prospered in like manner. The income of the first year was £150 in increase of the former year ; then we raised £250 extra the second year for building schools ; the third year stands thus : BU8t(ntationfuna£230 ; missions £50 ; other benevolent objects £00; incidental expenses £50; school building The: total £51.5. We have got the property invested in a new trust, in which the office- bearers of the congregation are included. Nor has my ministry been in vain. There are those who have been awakened and brought to the Lord, those who have confessed their enlargement and edification, all of whom are specially dear to me. I have received much affection, many con- siderate, and even constant tokens of kindness, great respect, and unusual encouragement in a field so new to the Presbyterian Church. My stipend has never been so low as the promised sum, and in the second year it was made £30 more. It has ever been most punctually paid by the respected treasurer. My position in the town is happy in many ministerial and Christian associations, and in the district full of opportunities for doing good. The town is a delightful residence, my own abode in it as quiet as any rural manse. My brief ministry his been devoid of any distraction, any unpleasantness, or discordance with any I have had constant comfort and peace in both office-bearers and people. To think of breaking up all this was a painful effort, and to prosecute any inquiries or listen to appeals for removal, has been an ordeal of no ordinary keenness. In very many respects, I know few spheres where a minister has more attractions, encouragements, and comfort than Cheltenham has possessed to me. I had other connexions of a strong and influential character to bind me to my land. In the providence of God I have been led to take a share in Christain literateur. Iluda pin in the start- ing of the British Messenger, and for eight years contributed to its pages with more encouragement and usefulness than I could ever have anticipated. I had a part in the establishing another series of similar class racter-the British Herald, in connection with its esteemed editor, a college companion and friend of seventeen years, I had the honour of creating believe, a Quarterly Review of Social Science, in conducting which I have been actively assisting for the four years of its existence. There too my labours have been greatly encouraged, and have brought me the correspondence and friendship of many philanthropists in the land. In regard to literary work I have had more openings than I could tell for I could never content to sacrifice or imperil my sacred office for anything. Yet amidst o busy pastorate I have been enabled to add some contributions to authorship is literature and theology which have secured for me not only in advancing position but an increasing usefulness. To think of surrendering all these added no little intensity to the pain which this call produced. I felt it keenly. It pressed heavily and probed acutely. " Few ministers have had more opportunities for good, and which attach the mind and heart, than I have had during the last ten years. I took long to consider the matter, weighed it pray ci fully, took counsel of my friends, of fathers and brethren in the Church, and of the partner in life whom God has given me. I observed that when the Holy Ghost separated their ministers from their spheres of useful labours in the early Church, the record of which in the inspired word is of guiding influence to us, The chose those most eminent in gifts, in culture, and in usefulness. Paul and Barnabas were singularly endowed, and were successful ministers in An 'loch. Under them " the word of God grew and multiplied." " But while they were thus active, happy and useful, as they ministered to the Lord, and feasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate me Barnabas and Saul, for the work whereunto I have called them." The Church was me do willing by the same Spirit, and these men went forth to the Western world, to publish the Gospel and to carry on those labours for which we owe a lasting gratitude. I looked upon this call as coming in a most providential way, addressed to me on public grounds, and by fathers and brethren who had high views of the importance of filling prominent spheres with suitable men. It called me to a part of the vineyard where the necessity is great, the harvest plenteous, and the labourers few; where men who have had much to surrender here have not generally gone, but where such ought to go. It called me to a land rising rapidly in importance and power, and where the people of the future must be moulded by the Christianity of the present, and the ministry of the future, by the pulpit of the present. It called me to a people who desired to have the spiritual institutions of their native land in healthy and influential action for the blessing of their own souls and their adopted country. It called me to a field where there h yet much to create and much to do in the work of the Lord. On public grounds, therefore, I have felt bound to listen, and to respond to the call " assuredly gathering that the Lord had called me," so far as I could understand the striking providence. Nothing less than a high sense of public duty to the Church of Christ, to the Lord, and to the souls of men, could induce me to leave a people so attached to me, a charge so promising, a situation where I had a sufficient maintenance, and no heartburnings, a church in this land which I have joyfully served. Nothing less than a high sense of public duty could induce me to surrender my literary connections in this country. I deem the charge there more important, more influential and wider than my present one, the necessity there greater, both in the pulpit and in the press. I have been led to believe that the climate will suit my wife and family, and that there is likelihood, if God should convey us safely thither, that we may be spared to exercise a healthful influence for good in that rising city and colony. There are many in this land fit for the spheres of usefulness which I now occupy. There the demand is greater than the supply, I therefore feel bound to yield to the report of the colonial committee of the Free Church of Scotland, and of the commissioners from Sydney, to transfer my services to a new world. I trust the Presbytery and my beloved flock will give me credit for the purity of my motives, the high aim I profess, and the desire I have to be occupied to the best advantage in the Master's service. The Lord has led me hitherto, I do not doubt. And he has broken up my home and ministry twice before, without any seeking of mine. He has blessed me in my labours. He has given me an experience, both in Scotland and England, for which I am deeply thankful. He has well provided for the vacant pulpits which I left, and prospered the congregations from which I have been severed. He is the same still. I follow the pillar cloud. I commit my beloved flock to Him from whom I received them, and to the kind sympathy of my brethren. If the Presbytery see fit to translate me, and my congrega- tion to acquiesce therein, I am confident they will do so on the same grounds that have ruled my own decision, and that they will fellow me to the new sphere with many prayers for my safety and success. These three years of labour in Cheltenham I can never forget. With my brethren in the Presbytery my relations have been happy, and I part from them with much affection and deep regret I feel it hard indeed to say farewell to my congregation here, in whose affections I have lived and laboured. Kind friends So pleasant have you made these days, That in my heart, long as my heart shall beat, minutest recollections still shall live, Still be the source of joy. But the will of the Lord be done. God grant the decision of this day may have His blessing and re- dound to His glory, and that we may all meet in our Father's house with songs of thanksgiving and everlasting joy upon our head, for all the ways by which he has led us to that home where we meet to part no more. The Rev. Dr. Bonar then said that he felt he ought to say no more than had already fallen from his lips, but he could not allow the opportunity to pass without thanking all parties from the bottom of his heart, for the kind manner in which they had expressed themselves, on the occasion of the removal of Dr. Steel from Cheltenham, and to rejoice in thinking, that the views they had enunciated were the views of the congregation at large. The way in which they had parted with their beloved pastor, showed there was good hope for the congregation in times to come, and in looking for a successor to Dr. Steel, he hoped they would have the blessing of God on their efforts, and that in future the congregation would continue to be a happy, united, and a prosperous congregation. The Rev. G. Lewis said, of late the members of the Presbyterian congregation at Cheltenham, had been rejoicing in the harmonious settlement of a minister of Christ among them, and had been well pleased probable filling .^MiWrW»! tying ftS was as had been dispensing the bread of life Trttnat^Tace^ As a rule Presbyterianism was little known in that country, and had not had a representative in Cheltenham, until their friend Dr. Steel came amongst them. He regretted much that he was so soon going to leave a congregation where his labours had been eminently successful, but after what had fallen from the Rev. Dr. Bonar, and after hearing the statement of Dr. Steel himself, he could d no other than acquiesce in the step he had taken, and consent to his translation from Cheltenham to New South Wales. He, therefore, would propose a resolution to this effect ;-" That the Presbytery, having heard and considered the reasons for the translation of Dr. Steel from Cheltenham to Sydney, New South Wales, and having heard the views of the Rev. Dr. Bonar, agree to the translation. At the same time they cannot port with their brother without expressing their regret at his loss, and without testifying their strong sense of of his ability, diligence, and piety, and hoping that in his new field of labour God would continue to grant him an abundant blessing." (Hear, hear ) Rev. Mr. Crowe seconded this proposition, which was unanimously agreed to, and the proceedings soon afterwards closed, the remaining business to be transacted being purely of a formal character. Many members of Dr. Steel's congregation were present during the proceedings, and evidenced much feeling at the prospect of their loss. 