MÄTRQPOUTAN GOSSIP, (fVom th» live'pool Albion.) . XoirooK, Saturday Evening, March 8. Jr it be true thai, i'.the.. worjl. koowa notnin< jig, greatest, men," still more true is it that it knc less than nothing of what its ostensibly great meit are raa;nly concerned about. How many dividnals amongst the nv ¡lion readers »f m Monday m .'ming's journals, in perusing the p limin&ry; notices of that evening's parliament! batiness, will bestow a thoaght on the eoli.i line "Officer's Commissi ns Bill:-Committei Who knows, or cares to knew, or thinks of .quiring, what is the t fit! ere' Commission Bill, how, or why it got into committee, or wheo ever, it is to come out of committee, and what tc become of ii then ! Yet there is one pers wbo regards it as of incomparable importan scarcely second to any possible to be imagim short of a change in the dynasty, to the acco plishment of which change indeed it might r. ad be made a most potent and direct auxiliary. WI is that person? The Queen! The bill-a ?well she knows it, and well others know she kno it-is a point blank invasion nf the royal prerof tive, in ¡ts most characteristic privilege ai d mi sensative attribute. But, more than that, t manner of the invasion is as reprehensible as tl invasion itself is unconstitutional. So eminent Conservative lawyer and ex-Secretary State indicated last night, when, in the midst the Gregory Blockade debate, he nervously cross over to the': Treasury bench, and told the Fii Lord that-the whole procedure was informal ai discourteous}. implying also that it was disloy < almost as plainly as did the Queen's lt Uer ¡tee read by Russell to the ".expelled minister," wi had " set aside the Grown, and put himself the place of the Crown." If, said the right ho onrable forensic aforesaid, the Queen desired part with her prerogative, in delegating to Parli nient authority to dispense with the sign-manu in'officers' commissions, the pleasure of the Or\>v should be «xpressly taken, expressly convi yeil Parliament, in the usual form ot a mes-age, thobj there would he no need for anything of the soi a3 an Order in Council is the proper and prescribí ' mode :- therefore, continued he, if the bill be n withdraw!,, it shall be opposed, and the on munity treated t to the edifying spectacle of tl Crown and the Minister of the Crown at logge heads on a tua ter of paramount importance to tl ?'Crown.' ': . <" '.'; Minister?- »hy use the singular? Js it ni the measure of the Cabinet collectively? Nie ?only ofth>; Minister; and email need to say'tyti he isj especially in a business of this 'sor Nominally, indeed, the War' Minister is a party his department ia primarly affected ; and i i» nara is on the bill, jointly with the Premier's. , Bi poor Sir Come wall ia so intent on star- gazing i .the astronomers of tho oncientB,1 Messrs.>esostrit , Osiris, Nebuchadnezzar, and company, that he i . insepsible ,tó thé Comic Old Gentleman's blind , rrtsn's buffbry under his nose. Hé ' sees notliin .or sops nothing in what, he does see. Ho 13 'tob .. that commissions in lunacy ore signed by the Lori t Chancellor, on fcchalf of tho Queen, and othe , commissions ' too by other proxies. Ho hitnsell like his father before him, old i>ir Frankland, wa ¡ ,a. commissioner of many a. fat "enquiry, with'ou :the .jvarront bearing ibo Victorian''out graph , and subtle logician as he is, ho draws 'the grave .digger's yargai, that' the sign manual may b attached to army, and navy commissions by i .'two-legged five-fingered"copying machine, iristeat -of by the Sovereign in person, ryot so thinks tim Sovereign. Genuine Guelph, she deems it the firs . -of duties to hold by the first of monarchic right : ttbat of directly, warning the officers of Zier, mi itan services, those who t xpressly hold Uer commission and at this special moment of all otherB, so soot ?after the loss of bim in whose lifetime this dàrei not have been attempted, it is most ill-timed ant something worse to trench in such a quarter.' Tnt pretext about "relief," "saving trouble^"' con ?salting royal convenience," . and the rest of Peck snifSan rigmarole, would not deceive her, even if {I lad . been used] which it hasu't ; and hence the .double audacity of the movement, the {scheme being brought in with no more consideration foi the'personage it specifically affects than ' if il ?were a turnpike bill. But will it be¡ persevered 'in? -Scarcely, wo«'. There . are. I limitt to all -things ; aud even tho effrontery that could venture on such a ; project1 will hardly scar to the hardihood of... pressing it, fleeing that the motive: is seen, through, and: that -a general UBmasking might follow, the lifting or the Veil in this particular. That " tb bill ' should have passed a ' second reading without eliciting a syllable ol .commentary is a positively shocking . proof of the laxity of legislation. The .discovery of its real nature, which waa made not in the House,'but out, 'hos filled certain constitutional lawyers with -shame at the scandal of their neglect ; andj great is tbe commotion in circlt s usually exempt from agita- tion from any such occurrences. If the bill be not withdrawn, and it is hardly conceivable! that it -should not, then tho chances'are the. whole rcase will be uncovered, for concealment will be impVac ¡cable if the threatened amendment be moved, namely, ' « Provided that nothing herein contained ¿hall in any degree ' diminish or - impair the royal prerogative, which her Majesty undoubtedly possesses, of author'zing and dircoting the issuing the said commissions in such manner as her 'Majesty may at any time determine and declare'" ?-a proviso that wonld countermine the Whole (plot and afford us the " sport of seeing the engineer hoisted with his own petard." ! ; ' " ' yisioas of this portent - us proviso, baffling,, a*, tho last minute, a design intensely desired ap. peared to fill ywith nightmare "perturbations^ the .remaining slumbers of the "Viscount ; . for; ho slept,' .or seemed to sleep, the whole evening, although the irritation at the outset was enough j to put a *horn in tb'e pillow, of an angel, or.oven'of a Man ¿ot God] ¿nd rnembcr for 1 iverton. . What irrita- tion? Why Feel's preposterous provocation of ..every sense of propriety in the whole House,' the ^Speaker's 4 included; for, servant of Palmerston 'though ï)ènison is,'àa in duty bound he should be',' .and therefore predisposed to protect every protege .of his own'master, the acrid silliness of Sir Robert called forth a setting down from the chair that -was hailed by ithe -entire audience as a super , Stitton . j stroke of satirical severity, and raised tho chastiser to a downright ïlisraelian ^altitude of! causticity. How was it? <Tnis: how : ' !Peel, with the semi-cunning of derai-wiseacredom, .had-concocted,' with Lefroy, one of his elab orated, impromptus and well- rehearsed tableaux of spon- taneity, ábónt the Longford election, jin Utting .off this, prc pumped-np effusion, the tumbled over Jiea'd and ears into every' violationof every parliamentary, saying' nothing of ministerial, decorum, that tho greenest notice ¡a St.'Stephen's coald.well be guilty of,-his school-girl vixenishness .of tone being rendered more pitiable' by a puerile ischoalboy manner of mouthing and attitudinizing, .at once ludicrous and deplorable. ?'; ' Contrary 'to »every rule, he went on to talk^iñ one and the -same breath, of a petiti >n h ading jijeen .presented, and of-a Government prosecution;,] evarj^/o.je* ' Iraôwing < that is » tbe-:-.or>io.ro$toa atb t whpjjáj»» petition " ia deferred wko deal wUsv »><. pto < oficio -, and that there can be no dealing » guilt is eäta' lashed. Tinreupon an I«iah memb insisted on the blundering b ronet being cal e > .order for his *' unseemly mann rs," aa tbe memb for Tipp rary says of him ; whereupon tl Speaker exclaimed, with an excrncia ing ar ne ?he T»-m=v rth Tartar writhed un-er, while I whóleHousewastickl dthereat/«I donottbmkit a question so mach of order as of discretion." 11 b.-lt »ped home 1 Immediately tfie chap-fallt blusterer toppled over from his loftily picht atti nde, and floundered out of he mire in a wt lamentable o lo k at; while, all night after, jok ran round nv>re or less dism <1 or piqu n , abm 'be proverbially preferable part of v-dour ^>eii "discretion;" how well Sir Kobe't had illustra» tba truism tn re O'D <nbghue, and how cer ain 1 WHS o do dit!o in re O'neill-, when the Ul rt mon'ane Ursa Major o-mes co confront mint ministers, or atl-ast the minimum oue in the $>«. s n of R.P., »ho his colleagues say, will prove tl Cl -rricarde of the present ministry, n utn.lizin all cl im* to commendation trom other sources -and thi-f. t o, without any imaginable eq- iivi 1 nt in the eyes of any human being, Mr. Woaltc except-d, if exceptio.» that be. In respect to tbe Gregorian chaunt raised i behalf o the riu/gerocracy, there is little to be soi in addition to the J'great desi the "member fe Galway »aid,'and said well, superlatively, a* hi I friend Mr. Mn son mast have thought, sitting eg j nuder the gallery ; this time at the left (oppositior aide uf th« House ; and their being BO many < his united and disunited countrymen aronm. that visions of an eruption of bow e-knives harpoons, tomahawks, and revolvers mu-t liav crossed the mind's eye of any pupil of Mrs. Di» Bonrcicuult, on the look out for at-ensationizingl dramatic incident.. Mason dined with Sir J Ferguson at Bellamy's, and it is to bu hoped found the cutlets more digest! nie, and the spark ling bock more sprightly than the Sc- tch baronet' rather tough diluted Lethean prolixity. Bette that, however, than big Bentinck's deadiy-livel; infusion into his own prose of copious draught from the muse of M ore ;-dryly sponged np um blotted ont in this morning's > reports, which ha much crabbed the Norfolk biffin. Bradfon Foster spun a creditable yarn ; and so did hi competitor, Lindsay, though rather too much ii tbe t<ile for the marines style ;-his custon.alnayi of an afternoon, and a custom that would bi much ''more honoured' in the, breach than thi observance; for the House distrusts his general^ éxtrávagant statements, few of which ever beni analysis." Lindsay eat'behind Foster, whom hi often nearly smote on the poll, during that mar lin-spike gesticulation'and ship a-hoy vociferatior of his, which so much contribute J to the distssti he is 'regarded with by all whom his parades o: ! t-eáf.»ring technicalities do. s cot impose upon. . I ' lt wns known all day that the Solicitor-General's . was to be the sppeech of the nght,and so it w.s, Rouqdell Palmer coming out 'on this occasion nearly'as effectively *B did Solicitor-General l ock burn in the Paccitico businoas, and being also applauded l y Palmerstt n, who - woke np special; v for'the purpose, muttered a 'f hear,":;and-snored again. Comical was it to bohold the Attorney General, Atherton, running about, like a . elderly, though rosy ganymede, bearing flaggons of Father Matthew's fluid to Koundell, who was terri oly athirst and gu! ped pi totters of water as though he had a Small Vesuvius boiling under his waistcoat. lt was a great foat, not the swallowing i but thc spouting ; though the former too was remarkable in its way ; indeed unique, as showing that even a lawyer may " sometimes be nervous, and that the brass of the bar is not al wa VB a coitof mail again*! modesty.. ' Stansfield was ready with his Roman notes and Italic tabltes, and bad the opportnnity offered', would doubtless have stormed away on blockade, from tlie Mazzinian point of view, and proved that the right mode to got cotton was tc cure Ahtonelli or wool-gathering by taking hi head ofF. Bright was also expected to speak, especially as he said he wouldn't ; but Foster and the Solicitor- General left nothing to be said on john's side.-' Accordingly, John like a sensible Yellow'said nothing, and is fully reported, instead of having to shake his head, like that scion of Burghley,'Lord K; Cecil, this morning, over the agonizing abbreviations of stenography. The debate suddenly collapsed, Gregory being out ot the'Douse at the time ; and all the Northerns roso at cock-crow, and made off exultantly to Morley's, the British, and elsewhere, to sacrifice unlimited j shorry cobblers!to tho Stripes and Stars, which again promise to flog creation, the Isle of Man ex ccptetl. Gladstone, too, was expected to speak ; bat probably ho was stricken dumb by the tail cir- culated'in the House during the debate as to the real reason of the rout of his' ' lofty-minded Alpine friends of the Ricasoli cabinet, namely, that ona of Victor Emmanuel's squadron of Pretty Moise Breakers insisted on riding rough shod over the moral minister, and dragooning lura into giving the Order of St. Maurice to a'certam person upon whose breast the cross should be conspicuous by its absence. Ricasoli, who had stood no end of cuffs from the King, kicked against this. There- fore was he kicked down stairs in consequence by V.E., while Rattazzt was kicked up ditto by L. N.B., who will presently kick the whole pack of Pied móntese puppets into pumpkin (squash, and bis scarlet runners will make a French-boon and cabbage garden of Italy, a la Savoy. Well might I the author bf the " Letters to Liord Aberdeen" be grieved at so poignant a postscript to the late glowing chapter on the progwsaing Peninsula. ;But perhaps there may' b^ a moré personal reason for the right '' honourable loquacity's taciturnity now. ! . i he mysterious blue book, or rather the blue book at the mention whereof red tapery has been turning pale these four years back, made its j appearance yesterday, namely,'the correspondence concerning the incomprehensibly eccentric-Ionian ! expedition of Gladstone; at the instance ;of-the I then'(1858) Disraeliàn ministry : <for of course it was' at the suggestion, however concealed/ of the Asiatic Mystery, that this.'Archipelago tour was undertaken by his financial -< rival, the figure .the latter cut being such as even the Arab arithmetician himself could, uot ' have calculated npon, ready a reckoner as " was Benjamin in the computation of calarnitous chances. ; Eyer since the downfall of Derb'yism, the "understrappers of the party luve, been particularly exasperated against Gladstone as having deprived them of the loaves and fishes of place ;. firs', because,had.he not, taken office, the v Whigs .couldn't, havet formed a ministry ; .secondly, becauao he . ..should not have taken office against tb ose ia whoo views he must have so. very, recently concurred as to have been their Ionian Commissioner ;'thirdly, because it was wholly unworthy-of one professing stich'purfty of motivé and1 chivalry of conduct; and .who had accepted that character from; the Derbyito Colonial - Secretary despatching . him on his Corfu commission, to become an accomplice in the tricky Palmerstonian intrigue- of tarhing out a Cabinet bp the, pretext' that the in-comers would carry a reform.. Lastly said.the Carlton croakers, ¡bellowing fur revenge,, weill squa-U ¡him, at any j rate; fare aa .'it rn iy with h's fel'ow-eooepirators. [How so í'.Ají;é¿"thoie,to/wJiorn. 1 fid ing* were 0 mmnnioaud In co^fide^ce^-raeanHijï foe pi m Igailon ia the ra rMpUoe, Why, reined tl xehasive in> exigencers, well move hi3 loni correspond nc*; »uch^'a., f >rago u'f hair-bfaifit bosh t"e w rid has nuyer belie d i>s the prodactic of a reput bly reasonable b ing;-¡ts aup-aran in print mu-t rain him,.and, with him, tl Ministry that con d ' have h:m as7 mern er ; Palmerston's' crazed Caoningi co 1 agu», the lute Lord Da ¡ley, WBS 1 Mya-es ia comp rison with the oitre Uni rsi oddi:y; a d -o all the world w ll exclaim whe tb<>y uh t he ha-> said. ' Bat, askt d certa recipients of -uch tidings, what wi 1 the e-teem« Mrs. Grundy s y of thone who not only employ* this e ra i ic feather-h aded foolish-to gued ind viduiil, but glorified th. mselves for FO do in; cal in¿» all m rtal ine >, the immortal G da, ar the cloven-hoofed aristocracy order grono« to bear witn SA to ihe thiice felicitous ton un th t fnabfd them t> sicuri* s> s upe- dous! suitable a pennon for th - astounding tnissiu i ? ' his was a tu quoqne k nd of interrogatory, fa lowed hythe intimation that if Gladstones' enistc lary effloretice was hilariously heroio, clapping th cliiuaz of CamHyse's v in, Bulwer's Bysautic grandiloquence was the very Brummagemism < pathos, drivel npon stilts. Straightway th threatened not only became subdaed, but terrific lest their own mea ace should be fu filled. Equajl alarmed were the other »ide. Both had a co t mon interest m keeping the public from peeriu behind t'.e Bcenes, and beholding th«." properties . >f stage mating ment, whereby things of wood an br»ss and tinsel and jabber are made to figure a veritable Deities in t o eyes of a gaping and Jefe rential audience. The esprit de corps of the whol Ta'ipole body, tbe amour propre of all the cohort of circumlocution, became morbidly anxious t burke the ev dencj of the nonsense of two pre-em ineiit intellectualities ol thi" ageof march of intellect Accordingly, years were suffered to roll away, am all about the island to be forgotten', ere the recori is given ol the com uissionerohip extraordinary Why it is given at all there is no saying. Thi paper i.< a ** commiind'' one," presented to botl bous s," n it laid on the tab e of either pursuan to the motion of peer or commoner, though doubt- less its appearance even now, at tbe twelsth hour is due to i he masterly remonstrances of the mern er for Daugaven, last year, as to the whole con- dition > f the Ionian question.' But at that tim« minifters were playing the part of propagandists tc the nationalities tune, the right of peoples to have only what rulers they pleased ; and aa Maguire called for the application' of that principel toitlu tieptinsular ¡el tide'rs, and asked for these paper: to show the' justice ut h¡3 demand, Government said tho documents could-not be given withoui dut riment to the public service. ' What there wat in the puh'lic service then ti] render the' publication i'-exp dient, ur what there is now to render' it ex- pedient, " is what no fellow'can find 'out,'' to use Lord DitntTreiry's familiar" phrase '."expressive- ol hopeless puzzlement. *' ' ' ,' ' >y- '?' -t The prominent feature the aspect of the biok presents to the' oye bf .the initiated-on the first glance at thace<u'.e*n cover is, the' suspiciously sten ier dimensions bf the volume, some eighty pages ; and a conviction of " doctoring" instinc- tively . springs ' to tire mind. " Tho fino Kornau baud Civis Romanos that cooked the' AfFghan tome has been copio 1 by his Italian imitator, ind a plentiful lack of the only commodity sought is the, consequence. , The first despatch of the series is marked 83, being a letter from Sir J.; Young to Sir. eJ.' Lytton, describing the excitement in the islands. How it came that' Gladstone was pitched I upon, or proff-red himself to allay th-it perturba- tion, there isn't the least evidence. ' Not only are excision's and omissiooa visible in the Volume, but what is retained is put together in the j most I higgledy-piggledy fashion. 'Despatches' ar,e ¡ alluded to na having been .'received, and are not given. .."Privato .and confidential" are1 c'on I foundod by'rec pient a id sendor with public des- patches^ In aime the ordinary 'old ' Lord Huh Commissioner, Young, is addressed as "Sir,'* in others SB " Dear Sir John;" but to the hew Lord High Commissioner Ex raordinary no such familiarity is adop'ted us "Dear William," or even ''Dear G lad-tone," or " Dear Mr. Gladstone " by Sir Edward, who only a short time ago talked in the House of Commons of his ''affection'* for I the financier. Thc recall of the right honourable rover is dated from London only the day before he sends in bis resignation from Corfu; in short, the muddle aud the medley.are oi the genuine Bala-' clava pattern ; and, withal, aro enveloped in an ostentation of sagaci y, a rosónance of sounding platitudes, a. profusion of "immortil truth," to use the Malmesburyean ' phrase so quizzed by Lowe, that tho reader feels as if . Glad- stone must be half consciously satirizing his own dominant infirmity, when he says to t>ir Lytton in'respect to an artful address from'the Archbishop of Zante, which G. accepted without reading, and then-more SKO-repented his indiscretion. '' It is. to the superabundance of this kind of circuitous prudence- in the Ionian. Islands that a large portion of their evils and d flicnlties are due ; "fa dup" would be better English. But that one can't expect.that Lindley Murray, even before -Bright's extinguishment] of that luminary of oar grammttical grandmothers, should be much of an "Aristarchus with tho " Homeric' Scholar," as the lettered owner of- the academic groves of- Kneb- worth called bim. . . The despatch containing the famous passage so designating Gladstone is given and wi 1 bo for .ever a curiosity of Downtng-streetr literature. .Tbe late Sir Jamej Stephens, im- mortal ", Ki og Stephens" of the Colonial Office, was.a first-olasa, a doublo first-class, .classic, and did not bide his-Aristotelian or Juvenalean light; under a bushel ; but he would as sjon have thought of writing. a Comic Odyssey as inditing such politico ie3teth!c jargon aa this:-" \Vitb: a view to., assist, you [Young] in discharging the trust committed to you, and aho to derive .the great advantage-of o> weighty opinion on Ionian affairs, pronounced by. a statesman ' who nelongs to his country rather than "to any part in it, who has already occupied, with marked distinction) the highest offices of the State) whose mind has grasped foreign as well as domestic,questions with equal vigour and- success, and whose renown as a Ho- mere scholar-will justly commend bim to the sym- pathies of an Hellenic race, her Majesty's Govern-' ment have resolved on despatching tho Right Honl W. E. Gladstone ai a special commissioner to en- quire into and report upon the whole state of Government in the Ionion . elands and on the po- litical {elations'between the Protecting Power and the people, so, let me hope, as tj lead to the equitable and constitutional adjustments of every existing difficulty." ' There's apulmonic exercitation for a gentleman of weak lungs " whipped" out of Bellamy's kitoben iu the middle.of dinner to talk against time and au Irish member ! However, the mesmeric spirit-rap- ping table-turning psycologieal Secretary for tlie Colonies was right in anticipating that the Hellenic race would receive tlie Homeric scholar as a man and.a brother ;. for' they greeted him with cries of '.'.Long live the Pliilhellerie Gladstone!"-it Jooks .tremendous, in Greek, and must have sounded, stil¿ more so from a. chorus, of seven thousand: sfrea*aèr*v But this 'WM while he wu o* hi« Rood i»ta«»o«Tt «lût* -- lté WW**! l'«w hU high church knee »nd kissed the hand of the * Greek archbishop ; ? and went through, those othtr J'ose.,ilical genuflections «Sf B'iuiane>qne *' mummery and superstition" rwhiclu so scandalised the Cummingite author Of tbe Durham Letter and the shaftesbury bishops. Very different was the case when he gave the descendants of Ajax and Agamemnon a. taste of his rhinites qua'ity, and rated-them in genuine Gladstonese, telling them they knew nothing abott!- their own busii.ess, hadn't the least idea what they wanted, nor a notion hoar to get it ¡f tliey had ; that they were both imbecile and impertinent ia calling him a Philhellene, which was all fiddledeedee, a string they ridiculously harped upon ;-uddirg " Would not a person be out of bis m nd were he to adopt thia sentiment of nationality without taking in o consideration time, or manner, or pesons, or means, or consequences? -The doctrines of na- tionality, when expressed in certain terms, become doctrines of d Border and anarchy-a phantom and a dream ; worse than these." And then he j actually proceeds to scout his own Peel i to panacea of " three courses," as being uusuited to the deserts of the hapless islanders, namely-" Che Ioniens are not in a position to choose between the three alternatives of annexation, reform, or the status quo. They exclude reform ; annexation is ex- cluded of itself : there-ore the status quo ia the only alternative. And now, ao Uv OB depends upon me you are undeceived." They were indeed ; and they proceeded to undeceive them pretty qu ok y ; kicked up such a hubbub that he aet off home im- mediately afterwards, the anti- \nglo confusion last ng to this hour in so unmitigated a form that though Sir Henry ^tork who succeeded Log, lately prorogued the annexizing parliament for six months, tho correspondent of the leading journal to-day, in describing the Prince of Wales' visit o the island, says, in reference to the elections which have just concluded, that the i epudiatión of British connection continued to be the popular programme. No wonder Gladstone should be terri, ed at stioh language as this coming DU , so remorselessly snubbing the countrymen of the captors - of Troy for desiring'io bo' free ';' he ' whose pamphletted Poeiro, projeotibly. blew up Bomba, and led to all the combustible -circumstances that have since ensued. What will Garibaldi say to such senti- ments'from'the British Hercules' who bearded the Bourdon hydra in his .'Neapolitan 'den f . What will Edwin James s iy, when .recounting his Han nihilistic "adventures - on - tho < Volturno, and, .shouldering his Yankee'brief,''shows the Bull's ! Runners "how", fioldà'. by ¡Bull, wero-won. - Above all, what will the imperturba- ble and porniït.nt Normanby -say, '-when he comes* to talk, nett week, of those l Sñg-éhreatened - Farinifications the; faintest whisper fwhereof seems ro to-agitate the impressionable . Kxcbequerist. The Marquis is biding his time'till the debates in the French' parliament are over, and then he means to give us'â French version on the speeches 1 of thoM-rqu'sde Boissy ;- the Gallic legitimist lord . . of . . the .. sister of the -,- Garbinaro ,Brothers '[Gamba, "to . wit, ? -..Norman by's ¿Id ..Byronic "friend' ,Guiccibli,: "onca - às\ ardent a revolutionist and republican as Orsini or the Emperor of the French, bat,pow no more of a .radical ¡ than; her; other surviving crony, ¡John Cam Hobhouse,icotnmonly, or rather uncommonly ca led, Lord Brougton de Gyfford Broughton. A I'nosE POEM.-Ono J upon , o" midnight stoim -, a lone buebelor attorney pandered many a curious vplamo, to his heart's forgotten lora t while be nodded, neatly napping, sáddenl/there came a tapping,-as if soma'one' gently rapping-rapping at bia chamber door. i".'Xi» tbe Hp(rlt» I" and he atarted, " rapping at my chara i»r door." Oo, for help !.. I'm frightened gore I ThÁninto thin chamber fluting, not even one permitting tn fly into tho eloset, or gatbehind the door, Oitne the {.hosts cf fpndfbearts broken (with ra toy a ring and. olhir token) and they Bat them* down'beside' him, on tba duaty, baon Htrewn floor-sat amidst tbe volumes of meat venerable lore.- Qtotb tho lawyer, " What a bore.'* "Ic renato* something serions; thia certainly m'yntériou*. quite an advent of the ¿pirita-resurrection cen amore. Bat I aader ' stand them mostly 1"-here tbcre came a rap so ghostly; that he oould no more dissemble ashe had dont) hereto, fore, acd hie faca grear .pale and paler as he;started for the door-down be fell npon the floor. Then ibero 0 imo a clatter, clatter,' and his [ teeth begin to ehatter, as ' tba . npiriis gathered round him, and aooasedihim.very sore; howwitii gladsome.face al) smiling, and with,winning word i beguiling, he bad charmed away the «enees of fair maidens by the score; and caoh lass had fondly fancied 'twas.; her - he- did adore. . Quoth the lawyer, '-. never mort-1'* Startled at tho Btiilne.s broken by reply BO aptly spoken,'for. the answer strange enough, quite a -relevinoy bore, thiy, thea , began a noisy, rapping «ort of spiiilual olapping, whiob the lawyer thought could be bat a fashionable enoora-and again,7 aa if his soul in that word-be would outp-.ur,: did be groan out, .f Never more 1", Presently bis soul grew atrimger, heal. Uti g then no longer-"Ob, obi" said be, ." sweet spirits, yoar forgiveness' I .implore;, on my .knees to »very ghosted*, j»bo to love has .played the bootees, I will promise to recant the rainy faithless thingal swore I. r Wi 1 yon promise thaii to leave ap?'1 hero hp pointed to tho door. Happed the spirits," Never mote 1/ Be that wird oar »iga of parting/' said tbo haplvsi wight upstart- ing; ." hie-ye- bonce into the darkness «eek ye oat »omi- distant .'Hbore. In the noisy camp or, for am, in the lonely t'anc ianctorcm -saab ghastly, grim, ungainly guests were never' leen ' before. Leave my loneliness unbroken;" here be opened wide the door. Rapped the apiritp,*'Never more 1",.. So theae vixen spirits of evil spirits a ill-though moat unoivil-they will never leave the lawyer, though in1 tears be may implore. At bis. ialae heart they.ere tapping, tbey are rapping, they ata rapping, and he'wishes, ob, bow vainly I tbat hie nannied lila, wi-re o'er ; and ,he often sighs-.; Ob, could I but recel the days of yore, I weald flirt- Ob, never mort I" THE SUB EDITOR.-The eab.editor, if he faithfully does bis ouiy, ia tbe hardest worker in the establish- ment.. He may not have ti ron hither and thither in all weatbeia, like the reporters and collectors of advertise montey not be oalled upon to make profound reaeatobe .into abitruslve questions ' pf ourrenor, popolation, inter, .national law, and BO oni like the editor, but the entire 'reai'ossibllity df the offlce, d« facto- if not de jurt. reata upon bim. He matt argue with tho writers ot rejected contiibntions; mollify tba. indignation, of BUBoeptible .people who*e, heida some obscure or unnoticeable oap in' the paper fl'B.'and who refuse to wear it ; keep all the hands . employed, aro ding either pressure or want of copy; insntt something about everything tbat. turns np, even ii i. b i only a few linee, so that the paper may not be :disgraced by the announcement, .* owing lo the pressing demand« upon oar-apao'e, we are reluctantly compelled' (o' postpone . oar report of the im- portant meeting 'at. -- -- nntil tomorrow.' He muit wade:! through. . yards of - flimsy,"' and quires of eommuoioationi from diattiet ebrreapon dent», weeding ont redundancies and dootoring np generally-a prooeas for wblob, by the.way,'I am sorry to say,- be gets no oredit whatever. The ptoprietor laye. " what' aa excellent,.paragraph . that; wai of Jones's! - Lota of¡people;have b<-en talking about it, (ind all agree, that it ii capi-al 1'.' 'Way the faet was, tbe sab.edi or spent twenty minutes ta touching np that identieal para- graph for which Jones* gets so much ip rohe. He mast know ererybody, and everybody's connections, ao that if Mr.f,Smith-address unknown-outs a Agare in the London panerB, the event may ce duly ehronioled at borne for the'benefit of Smith's admiring feltow.towna. men. - He''mast be acquainted with the looality end orthography of every place under the ano ; ;be familiar with the name, dignities, end history of every perara iamouB.snd notorious ; ;have .a.smattering of all 'ologiea and 'Jsma ; mechanic», ma ile, the 'drama, and - the fine arts'-ia abort, belog ? ' living dictionary of .aiefnl know- ledge', known and read of all men.-lir. Welford. , Tbe Imperial Court of Algiers ihas deeided on appeal that an Algerian Jew, whom the Council of the Order ot Advocates h. d refused to pall to the bar, is eligible to exercise tbe. functions of ' an advoeate aa being a V FreoohmiD," although not a " French citizen." A ne w law on pasaporte ba« jut been presented to tbe Pru«nan Chamber of Dtpalies by Giant Schwerin. It proposes to abolish the obligation of being famished with' a passport for the interior, aa welt ai for abroad, ta .the lirfhtof obtetni-g onèi if the traveller wishes it, is Mál.l.ln.4. . ' ~ . i Vi.., I 