WEEKLY MDftNG REPORT. Notwithstanding the rains -which, have / 1 ecently f alien, water in ..some districts is still very scarce, and mining operations are proportionately re tarded. : -At Castlemaine the Ajax Company, from this cause, aro still prevented from crushing, and this is the case -with several other companies in the same locality. The late 'weekly yields from this district have, consequently, exhibited a se rious deficiency. The number of miners at_ the New Zealand diggings has latterly decreased to a considerable extent, a great many having returned both, to this and the neighboring colonies. The escorts have also diminished in a corresponding degree, and the apparent yield is now not more than half what it was some time since. The latest accounts from the Lachlan have not been of a very favorable character. No fresh leads have been opened, and some of the miners that imprudently hastened there are in a very dis ttessed condition. Last week's escort from the Victorian gold-fields amounted to. only 28,004 ounces, as against 30,260 ounces for the corres ponding period of last yea?. Although in many of the quartz claims on Xnglewoodthe stone is not nearly so rich as was formerly the case, still a much greater width is now being taken, and the consequence will be that, even with, a less yield, the reefs will prove more re munerative. Among some of the latest crushihgs may be noticed fifty-six tons from No. 2 south oh the Jersey Reef, which proauced 95 ©z 18 d wt ; and ninety tons from Nob. 3 and 4 south, which gave 176 oz. There are six claims now paying on the Jersey line. - The JBallaarat leads have recently been giving very satisfactory returns. The Koh- i-Noor Com pany are now raising capital dirt, and paying ex-: cellent dividends, the dividend last week for the fortnight being between £70 and £80. This sum would have been nearly double, or quite, had it not been that some stoppages or unproductive works prevented the accumulation of a larger fund for dividends. Some 700 or 800 ounces of gold were got the week before last, and a similar week last-week would have enabled the company to have paid the larger dividend alluded to. The Great Extended Company continue to raise good stuff, and the next dividend is likely to be quite up to the mark, TJp to Thursday night last, from 700 to 800 ounceB had been ob tained, and the show since has been good. The Great Republican Company's ground is yielding very well as compared with former re turns, and fair wages are being made over and. above the full expenses cf the mine. It doe8 not appear that the late swamping out has very much damaged me interests oi, wie company, lor me mine has continued to be worked without inter ruption in the lower shaft works. The Royal Saxon Company divided, on Saturday, £30,, per share,' the result of a fortnight's working. Goulder's patent amalgamator is now in full working order at the Wellingtonea ? Gigantea Quartz Company's claim, and the result, so far, is said to be highly satisfactory. Out of three tons of tailings 9 dwt of gold have been obtained. The Band of Hope Quartz Mining Company, Little Bendigo, have had another four days and a half productive crushing, and obtained a splendid bar of. gold weighing 118 oz!4dwt. In their workings at the 180 feet level they have struck a vein of auriferous mundic several inches in thickness, a specimen of which, weighing 36 os, as exhibited in Wittkowski' Brothers' window, on Saturday night, attracted considerable attention. The vein takes an easterly dip in the lode, the lode itself averages about two feet in thickness, and bears an appearance of becoming thicker at a lower level. The Enterprise Company for the past fortnight obtained upwards of 70 oz. . Irithe Creswick district, the miners generally appear to be in a very satisfactory condition. The Red Streak presents a very busy appearance. There are now four steam-engines at work close to each other — the Hit or Miss, All but One, Rose of Allandale, and Puff and Dart. The Rose of Allandale (12 men) last week washed 60 oz, thus giving each man about £20. A company of sixty miners have taken up the large block of land be tween the Red Streak Company, Red Streak, and the Yictoria Company, Long Point. The monthly yield of gold for the Bald Hills shows 614 oz 1*8 dwt, a figure which does not ap pear in Creswick escort returns, as the gold from the Bald Hills is carried direct to Ballaarat by nrivate hands, Rockv Lead. Bullarook. is also very promising, the monthly report showing a yield of 455 oz 13 dwt. The Rise and Shine Oompany, Bald Hills, last week washed 148 oz. The Port Phillip Company have for a long time been trying various expedients for the retention of , iron pyrites and the very fine particles of gold. They have collated a vast body of information, but- whilst they have gained knowledge by then experiments, they have not as yet been success ? fill in discovering a practical mode — that is in a paying sense — to effect the above-mentioned desi derata. They have recently enlarged their crush ing house, to make room for a trial of a modifica tion of Hinck's patent. The casting is a very large one, but it has not yet been proved. At the rear of the batteries a large hydraulic stone break. ing machine has been fitted up for the reduction of large blocks of quartz. When this is brought into use it is intended to discontinue the burning pf quartz. The smith's shop has been very much enlarged, and now affords room and every conve nience for the works in this department neces sary to be done on the spot. Attached to the battery house is a large turnery room, in which are fixed two lathes, the larger of which is nearly thirty feet in length; the smaller lathe is used for light brass work. These, together with the drilling machines, are driven by a small engine erected in the room, which is supplied with steam from the large boilers. The company are also putting down a fresh pumping shaft, and erecting '~2arger.,apparatus for a more efficient supply of wateriffom the creek. As Boon as this is com pleted»';$he present pumping machinery will be moved, to give place to another (spare) 30- horse boiler,' which will make the number up to four. The quantity of quartz crushed during the last four weeks, was 3024 tons, which yielded 2068 oz 15 dwii showing an average of 13 dwt 16 gr per ton. -'ihis is independent off 202 oz 1 3 d wt oi alloy Obtained, The want of. water has had a prejudicial effect upon the Bendigo yields for some time past. There is however a' considerable amount of vitality still apparent in the district. At the old Whip stick some very , respectable nuggets have lately been unearthed, one weighing .17 and another 18 ounces. Another of the aristocratic dimensions of 4lb:is mentioned, but this seems somewhat problematical. The ground in the locality of Splitters' Gully has been very exten sively taken tip' lately for puddling claims, many of the owners of which are doing '? very fairly, Several disputes as to the possession of ground, requiring the interference ? of the Warden, have taken place, 'which maybe looked on as a good sign of the payable nature of the ground. The- Ovens district has lately suffered to a considerable' extent from the exodus which has taken place from that locality to the Lachlan. Those miners, however, who have proved less erratic than their fellows, and have remained at their claims, seem to have but little to complain of, and the leads now being worked are reported to be very remunerative. It is reported that a party of Europeans, working a claim at the junction of the Durham and Cale donian Leads, have struck a new run, from which they have obtained very handsome returns, some weeks getting £40 and £50 a man, and averaging throughout £12 per week for some months past. The claim had been abandoned by both Euro peans and Chinese. The Chinamen on the Cale donian seem to have got the same stuff, as it is said they are quietly making their piles. Three parties areabout sinking in the neighborhood of of the Hit or Miss claim; for the purpose of searching for a continuation of the Old Indigo Lead. ??????'?; The new rush at the Great Western in the Ararat district is progressing in a satisfactDry manner, although the water is proving rather a serious obstacle. Several holeB have been bot tomed with payable returns, and the lead is now being traced in the .direction of Ararat. The sinking, however, is becoming deeper, arid greater obstacles present themselves to the miners. The population at present numbers about 1000 per sons. .???'- ?? '. ; ' . ; '?'?? At Tarrangower some very good stone has re cently been obtained from many of the reefs. Messrs Scott and Co., of Eagle Hawk reef, have completed a good crushing of stone at . the Atlas Association's mills, 48 tons producing the satis factory return of 257 oz of refined gold, ornearly 5£ oz- per ton ; and this from a wide and well de fined reef. The lode was found in sinking a shaft, and as it was cut in the dip to the west there can hardly be a doubt but that it will be traced back probably to the surface, and perhaps prove equally rich. The tributers at the Union Association are sinking in hopes of touching the same lode, which would be a valuable adjunct to the property of the Association, and, of course, also a great assistance to the present leaseholders. : In the Back Creek; district, mining matters present a tolerably lively aspect. It is. supposed' that a new discovery has been made by some shareholders oa the Rocky Flat lead. About thirteen months since, the party alluded to at tempted to bottom a shaft 180 feet north -of the one now worked, but were beaten by the heavy flow of water. As the water in their claim has been lesB troublesome of late, they made another attempt and succeeded in bottoming a dry shaft, at a. depth of 80 feet, ten feet less than the shaft now in work; the greater depth of which has drained the ground in other portions of the claim. The prospect obtained was 1 oz 18 dwt, from several tubs of dirt, and it is expected that the whole of the dirt off the bottom will yield-4'oz of gold. The reasons- for sinking the sbaift were, that the claimholders believed that a lead distinct from the Rocky Flat lead branched off from the rich ground they have worked in their claim, and the result proves that in all probability they were correct. The pros pect consists of gold of the same character as that found on the Scandinavian lead, and the share holders believe that the gold they have discovered is a continuation of that lead. Several parties are said to be doing well near the Durham store,- on Mia Mia. Last week a party, who, hold a pros pecting claim, obtained a nugget weighing six ounces, and some small gold. The Chinese arc taking up their quarters in the locality in consi derable numbers. In the Pyrenees district everything seems to be very dull, water is scarce, and the miners are pre vented from washing up. The All England Reef is paying well, and promises to be one of the beat in the district. Near the surface the stone gave two ounces to the ton, and it has long since improved in quality. It is now being worked at a depth of 60 feet, and the last lot crushed (11 tons) yielded thirty-four ounces. Accident by Fire. —An accident, attended by fatal consequences, occurred on Thursday to a Mrs Parker, near the Rocky Waterhole. It ap» pears she was removing a pot of coffee, which was boiling on a fire outside the hut, when her clothes became ignited, and in a moment she was en veloped in flames. Her screams brought some men who were at work at a distance to her aid, and the fiames were extinguished, but not until the entire front of her body and shoulders were so severely burnt, that the unfortunate woman expired about eight o'clock in the evening. One of the men who assisted in extinguishing the flames,' was severely burnt about the arms. — Wagga Wagga Express. Novel Visitor. — Some considerable excitement has been occasioned during the past few days by the nocturnal appearance, in the neighborhood of the Botanic Garden, of a man or some other creature, or the ghoBt of a creature, dressed in white. It has been seen by several who are not likely to heve supposed they saw something when they did not, but what it is they have seen no one is able to declare. The agility of the object, and the readiness with which it does disappear, would rather favor the idea that it is something else than mortal ; for it leaps trees and hedges an d fences with the utmost ease, and when pursued cannot be found. Ghost stories are somewhat out of season now-a-days, still there are those who incline to believe this novel visitor to be a veri table ghost. We hear that a number of young men are going out with spears and .other means of assault for, the purpose of laying the ghost, but if 1 it reads newspapers and sees this paragraph it j will perhaps shun the danger, and save them their j trouble arid others their f em, —Portland Chroniofa, 