A WONDERFUL PARROT. Our parrot is of the Australian Corella species, is about five- years old, and of white plumage, with the exception of a rose-pink layer of feathers on the throat, and junction of the beak with the head feathers, and a lining of yellow plumage to the under part of the tail. The bird possesses a general but striking peculiarity, which is, that it is very difficult to get him to perform away from the presence of a female. If a well-dressed wo man so much the better. Some of his sayings arise from what is happening around him. Others are from being encouraged to talk by being talked to; but what appears to be strangest of' all is the clear development of an imitative faculty, which must be the result of acute obser vation as to movement, and which no teaching could possibly convey. Another noticeable fea ture is the bird's ability to identify the dogs, cat and magpie he know3, by name ; for instance, as well as calling a dog ''Scottio.' — his name, — he will call him 'Puppy.' We give a list of the phrases he commonly uses, which, although ap pearing peculiar, will by no means be tiresome to those who have,— as nearly all of us have, — an instinctive regard for the wonders of creation. To begin with, ' Cocky,' as he is called, will sing in exact time and tune, and with correct emphasis, a verse of ' Pop goes the Weasel' — that verse referring to the Eagle in the city road, and the ' way the money goes,' with not only the words of which many of our readers are acquainted, but practically so, and he will dance a kind of jig to the same tune with out words. Bjr singing a verse is meant the ac tual repetition of the twenty-six, consecutive words contained in the four lines, word for word, . to the precise time and tune, with the correct cadence at the end of each lino. On being re quested to sing this, he preludes the performance by saying, with great emphasis, ' Why don't yoijsing?'- 'Now then, go on,' 'Will you sing ' Pop goes the Weasol ?' ' and then eom mences singing the verse, beating time by a movement of the head. (Mr. Jesse's parrot appears only to sing the three words, ' Buy a broom. ) In the morning he will say, ?' Good morning, Mrs Mac, Cocky wants his breakfast,' ' ' Good morning, Miss,' ' Good morning, George,' ' Good morning, Jane ;' and culls out 'Argus,' ''Age,' or . ' Herald.' If placed on his back he will' say, as aa distinctly as you can, reader, ' Poor CJocky's gi.t the toothache, and is very bad,' at the same time shaking his head in a woeful manner. To a dog barking near him he will say, ' Be off, im pudence,' 'Get out, what do you want.' And when seeing- any one dusting or cleaning about ' ho. vrilV imitate' the action, and exclaim, *.' Oh ! you dirty bird.' '' Oh ! you dirty beast.' 'Oh ! you dirty cocky,' : Among-his shorter phrases, the following are the moBt common :— «? Ill knock your eye out,' 'I'll cut your head off,' ' You're drunk,' 'Coma here,' ' Do ydu hear cue ?' ' What are you about r' ' D-a you -want a drink 5' ' Do you. want a nobbier?' 'Do you want some water ?'? ' Oh, you naughsy cocky !' ' Oh, you naughty bird!' ' Kiss me,' ' Give me a. cheeker,' .. 'Kiss the bird,' 'Kiss the poor little puppy,' ' ' 'Kiss the. pussy,' 'Oh, the poor little juppy ! ' ' Why don't you speak?' ?'Will you be quiet?' 'Go out,' 'I'll : j»ive it to you.'- 'What do you say?' Sayis ' Yes' and ' No' sometimes in the right place, [n the morning, whilst indulging in that scream- ? [ng noise peculiar to these birds, he will suddenly 3top, and exclaim in the most defiant and depre catory manner. ' Will you be quiet making such a noise? Do you hear me? If you don't be quiet, I'll beat you !' He often grows pathetic, and will then begin pitying himself in such, phrases as — '' Oh you dear little beauty ;' ' Ob. you darling little bird, what did they do to you. this morning?' 'Whose pretty bird is he/r' 'Did they tease you, cocky ?'. 'Did they beat you then ?' ' Oh you sweet pretty cocky,' 'You pretty boy.' He 'hurrahs' both loud and clear, calls his master by name, and says 'Good-bye' on his leaving the room. Among his list of dumb imitations are ' the following :— He imitates a lady sewing. On being given a piece of cloth, he first places his work, then threads his needle, and then proceeds,' imitating [jmost unmistakeably the sound of the needle leaving the thimble, and the drawing of the thread through the cloth. He will also pre tend to wash his face and comb his hair. He also coughs, sneezes, and laughs admirably. He will sometimes proceed to address an imaginary audience in a kind or jargon or gibberish, lasting fully a minute, amid which many words are intel ligible. This he does with great vehemence and voluibility, gesticulating violently all the time, and apparently challenging contradiction. Be yend these numerous illustrations, there are many others, but these will sufficiently show that the bird is . really a curiosity, and one rarely to be met with in any country. For a great many of the phrase3 we can . pledge the ^evidence of our own eais, and for what is here generally asserted, - we readily vouch. — M. and D. Advertiser, 9ih. May. Death by Burning. — On Saturday, Dr. Glen dinning held an inquest at the Ballaarat District . Hospital, on.' the body of Anne Heard, who3e death, according to the evidence. adduced, and the verdict of the jury, took . place, on the Thursday ? previous, at the Ballaarat District Hospital, and resulted from exhaustion, consequent upon very extensive burns, which were caused by her having accidently fallen into the fire during an epileptic fit, on the. 9th inst'., at Smythesdale. John Heard, the husband of the deceased, deposed that his wife, a native of Cornwall, was aged thirth- three years — having been married nine years, and eight years' in the colony. The deceased had been' sub- ject to epileptic fits for the last five years. Wit ness had left home on the 9th inst. to attend a funeral, leaving the deceased and his youngest sister, Emma Jane Heard, behind. On his return, he found his wife in bed, with her clothes much burned, and her ' per son much burned on the left arm and both hips . and thighs. . Witness dressed the wounds with oil, and next morning, under the advice of Dr Saenger, sent her to the hoepitaV. Emma Jane Heard deposed that she was in her Vii'n+T-i ovf o fro*»r1oTi iirTlon isT»q «o*XTr +~ht* rinnaaaaA nnmck uiuuuui Dgu4ui-u nuvu ojlc tjtutr K&jils; ULVbU£-vu yyiuu out of the house, and kneel down, all on fire. The deceased then got up and began, running about. TJltimatelyi she got into a tub of water, where upon witness did her best to throw water over her,, and at last, succeeded in extinguishing the flames. Assistance was then procured, and the deceased was taken to bed. Mr Whitcombe, re sident surgeon at the Ballaarat District Hospital, deposed that he had known the dtceasGd for two years, and that she was subject to frequent epi leptic fits. When admitted to the hospital, she. was very weak and much emaciated. Her health had been failing for the last' two years. ? The de ceased had informed witness that she had fallen into the fire during a fit. — Ballaarat Mar, 19th May, . AN AFFECTIONATE GOAT. — A most remarkable instance of infatuation came under our notice on Saturday last. Two females, residents of Cockatoo, a spot distant from Talbot about three miles, were pertinaciously followed by a goat from their homes into the Crescent. Frequent endeavors were made to get rid of the unwelcome follower, but without avail. Arriving in the Crescent, a shopkeeper took possession of the goat, and kept her in his shop for about five minutes, he judging that time had permitted the females to escape from their persistent follower. On gaining her liberty, the goat threaded her way through the people on the footpaths, and suddenly made a dart into a draper's shop, where she manifested the utmost delight at the presence of the two females. Whether they succepded in shaking off their fol- lower, who it appears was unknown by them, we know not. The affair was regarded with much mirth by the numerous persons in the Crescent, and with manifest annoyance by the females, for whom Nanny manifested so close an attachment. —Talbot Leader, 20th May. . Tub Ghost.— The police have arrested a man; named Drake, on a charge of vagrancy. It is believed that he is one and the same with the ghost, in the shape of a naked man, which has so strangely haunted the northern part of the town for some time past. He has been living in a de« Berted house near Berkley street, and earning a living by begging, though he is well able fo work. He was beiore the court under somewhat similar circumstances some time ago, when ha promised to go to work on the railway, but never did so» it is stated that several respectable witnesses could identify him as the naked visitant of their houses at ni»ht, but there is a reluctance to come forward in the case, he only having appeared to females. He has no visible means of support, and if the latter circumstance can be proved against him, he will undoubtedly be severely punished as he deserves. — Castlemaine Advertiser^ 17th May. ? The New Yobk Journals evince great satisfac tion at the indifference which attended the land* ing of Missis Mason and Slidellin. England, 