ORIGWAIi CQBEESPOifDENCE, SEPARATION. JIb the Editor of the Spectator. the two letters signed John M'Lcnnan Wkich have 'graced tlie twOliut issues ofyourpaper remain unanswered, the public will cojpe to one of \- three -ooncJuaions; let, that the letters are unan swerable ; 2nd, that they are not worth answering; , or, 3rdly, that there is no one sufficiently interested in the matter to take the trouble of penning a reply For fear the public should come to either of these conclusions, 1 beg to put in an arneanmeo. Fast, let me begin by stating what I conceive to the gist of Mr! M'L.'s two letters. The first fttgnra that psroelliiw out the country into petty Clonics has a revolutionary tendency, rind that small states uniformly drift into civil war. ttr- i initiating generally in militaiy despotism. Now, . fur, let us consider this proposition first. Mr. M'L. herq argues, not against tbp individual project \- of onr senaralion, but against Separation as a prin ciple. Ibis "revolutionary" idea -applies as much 1 against the Sqiaration of Victoria from New South Wales as it does to our movement. Indeed, it goes further, and applies against the granting of consti tutions to colonics at all; for if separation into in dividual colonies .is revolutionary, how much more so is the separation- which severs the Government of this -odiony from this parent state? Mr. M'L., therefore, is really raising an argument in favor of ' that ohl system of bureaucracy which placed the entire management of, and legislation for, the colo- niesin the hands of the Douning-street officials a system which, within the last twenty years, ban been exploded, with the -universal concurrence of every person practically acquainted with colo- ; nial legislation. Separation is the very essence \- of the new system which gives us colonists political rightaand local eetf -government. The .qririt of cen- 'Jyan wiidi 'Wftkefield and alt the' tolbniai rt? formers since him have been crying out against ; r ">4, believe me, we should not now be possessed of " Hie political rights ire have, if the pusillanimons fears of the woithy preceptor had not been long ago . cildoded by the reforming SJiirit of the age. ltufc, in a style that is almost ludicrous from its solemnity, Mr. M'Lennan drags in America and its \- preterit troubles : " Hark to the din of civil war," Ac., &c.; These horrors he conceives to be the dcticiumlremens of Separation, and of these cala mities, he asserts, our present movement is" symp tomatic" 'good word, that!). Now, it seems to me that Mr. M'L. draws altogether a wrong conclusion from "the -American data. To my mind, Die war between the North and South evinces rather a want of separation than the evils resulting from it. With all due submission I -contend, that were the twenty- odd States at the present time separate colonics of the British Empire, like the colonies of Australia, the present disturbance would be impossible. To form-any opinion on tins poiut it is absolutely rieces- - asry o consider what are the points of difference between the contending parties. A generally iioat- "iiig idea is prevalent in -the public mind that the moot point is the questioner slavery, but although this- plague-spot -on the stars and stripes is largely \- mixed up-wini it, it is certainly not the active canse of the rupture ; and although in the contest the Northern States use the auti-slavcry cry largely with the object of conciliating the public feeling of England, - still their often-expressed antipathy to ' 'slavery is" generally regarded with suspicion in Europe. The promoting cause of the war was simply one of tariff. This is a matter of fact. The Slave States, Which were producers of raw material, were in favor of free trade, having no "native industry" to protect. The Northern States, on the contraiy, which were. doing their utmost to promote their own \- toannfactures, and were desirous of excluding foreign \- goods from tlie whole country .so that they might Lave the market to themselves, were in favor, not only. of . high -protective duties, but of an absolutely prohibitory tariff which they "calkilated" in New York Would keep the British manufactured woollens . pud cottons out of the entire Union. The two par- ..ites, with, their directly antagonistic interests, con tended, long for tlie supremacy, but gradually the protectionists pushed a-head ; the tariff went on in- \- -'creating, to the .gain of one party and the ruin of . the other,' until the South could stand it no longer, ; and rebelled for Separation. So we jdainiy see that ff each state had been allowed to settle its own ' "tariff and raise its taxes in the way most in ac- " cordancc with' its own interests, the present dread ful scenes, which are a reproach to civilization, yoiild never hayc . blotted Jh£-Pa of history. It "fPBBETorqttis not far Enghshjuen, to say that \- the Southern States are wrong, for IS it not the sum mary of our political rights, the very motto of our phartor, that the people.shall riot be taxed without their consent"! Was it not this which made regicides iff one generation of Englishmen, and tempted the succeeding one to pull down one monarch and set un another? It is not the excess but the want of .-Separation, snch as we have, which has set the two .interests in North America— tlie producing and the ' 'toariufacturing-rsquabhliug and fighting. Much as til (Northern patriots may talk about their sympathy -with the -slave, the present blood is being S|iilt, not 1 ;on a question of. feeling, batons matter of simple pounds, shillings, and pence. The North want to tax the South for the protection of their interests, and the South won't stand it. I don't think I. need say one word about Mr. M'Lennan's deductions relative to the «tty German -States.- That a lot of little tyrannous dukedoms, in : .almost every respect barbarous relics of the middle . ages, were swept away by - the reforming spirit which has lately seized on 'Continental.' Europe, is neither to be wondered at or regretted, and it seems to me that the same spirit of absorption might " veiy safely be carried a littieTurther than it has yet fone in that direction ; -but the case bears no resem- lance to ours whatever, and no analogy can be .drawn from it any more- than faom the thorough \- system of separation which prevails in the Swiss Cantons, or yhidi existed in the Dutch . Repuhlicof the seventeenth century. ' ln'his second letter Mr. M'L. asserts that this Separation mania is not only inopportune,' but to- tahy uncalled for. and a wanton abuse of the privilege _ of petitioning the Queeu. Mr. M'Lmay'jie a great Imithority ou many points ; from grammar to the fuse of the globes" -he may be absolute — scholas- tically, but as an authority on constitutional right c. indrin lhe privilege of tim atizoii, wenhoold think after his last letter he is not likely to be referred to. 1 (bbiY it was established pretty conclusively ISO years ago, yrhen Sancroft arid the six other Bishops weretned fpr abusing the privilege of petitioning tiie King, that so long as the prayer of a petition whs reS>ectfial and its object not treasonable, that every subject has a right to petition the head of the Government ; bo how our very humble petition can be a " wontou abuse" I cannot see. We ask for a . certain concession, and we state our ryasons. It is .-tor lheQueenand her advisers to aaylowfar weare justified in oar expectation that the request will be . complied with, and it is certainly little short of im- \- -jiertniejjce for a dogipaticsl pedant to ctil oarpcr- \- ifectiy- coototioual prpceodins a '! wanton abuse?' <ff a pridkge. I apply the term " dqgmatical".ad- 4«5<!aftal3»g is h'tterly absurd," "altogether pnteoablc, nay contemptible," arid '".we have pot'i —the ghost -qf-a 'chauoe." It is very easy to write in Jftis confident strain, and just as easy .for me tor hyvrlte the exact reverse ; bat a great political ques tion is jrot infiueoced by olap-trap' atthcmgh reforms - .pie often impeded, by the tantiqnqJtpd . motions -if i ' pld-fogeyisni and the feare'-of tlie puafle- \- .One Word more, Mr. Editor, and I. have done. \- Jdr.. M'L, seems to take no little credit to iiimsclf " for . having". no personal interest in the matter."'. ' Now Xhisvay'&ct;, in my opinion, disqualifies him ' -from giving any opinion on. the subject. It is, astlie ! tthainnan stated at the late '.meeting, an interested. \- mpvcment. it iB ft matter of telf. We fed jve are aufferiug a grievauce, and we taku . the constita- . tional coarse of righting . ourselves," arid' the inter- - < ' fCTcntcof -men'-wfao" have " no personal interest in fhe inatter" & what we have no right to expect. \- ' Tlasn'Sir. vonr obedient eervant. \- ' . SEPARATA- n Hamilton/Fobroary 4th. 