LAW AND CRIMINAL COURTS. INSOLVENCY COURT. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. [Before His Honor Mr. Commissioner Macdonald.] IN RE B. NATHAN. Adjourned final hearing. Mr. Ingleby for the insolvent; the Atterncy Ofineral for the assignees; Mr. Kuox for the Union Bank; Sir. Bagot for Sir. Eoweit; and Sir. Bake well for several creditors. George William Holderncsse, examined by Mr. Ingleby, said he was bookkeeper for Sir. Nathan. He could have heard distinctly in his room what Sir. Boss might have said to Mr. Nathan. Ee membcred Boss selling some comsacks when he (Boss) was broker for Mr. Harrold. Saw Boss himself first, when he said he wished to make a sale of comsacks to Mr. Kathan, and produced a sample, which sample he objected to as being what they termed under weight. Boss then said he thought they were not too light, and asked liim toinduce Mr. Nathan to purchase them. Showed Mr. Nathan the sample of the saeksj and he also thought they were too light, and a different description of sack to what they had generally purchased. Recollected the sale being concluded shortly after wards. "Would swear that Mr. Nathan did net refer Boss to the Union Bank. Must have heard such a reference if it had been made. By Mr. Bakewell—Such a conversation did not take place in his presence. Did not say that Sir. Nathan might not have liad such a conversation elsewhere. Never heard of Air. Natliaa making a reference to the Union Bank. Knew a statement of assets and liabilities v.-as made out by Air. Lazar and sent to the Bank. Never saw the state ment himself. Was acquainted with Mr. Nathan's books, but could not say whether there was id,000 to his credit at that time. Richard Otto Bandt stated that he was in the employ of Air. Nathan in December, 1891. About December 2o he saw Air. Boss in Air; Nathan's counting- house. Believed it was in reference to a transaction about hags. Anything that passed between Air. Boss and Air. Nathan, if he were in the room, he could hear distinctly. Did not hear Air. Nathan say anything referring Air. Boss to the Union Bank for the state of his credit. The insolvent stated, in reply to Mr. Ingleby, that when he said he made purchases in February to the amount of £2,776 he did not mean they were bought at that time. They were entered at the time they were accepted, and put in February's account. It was usual, unless a special arrange- ment was made, to accept the goods on the first of the month. When the cheque for £210 was re- fused, he stopped all proceedings, but a small pur- chase of bags took place after that. Recollected purchasing some cornsacks from Mr. Ross. The sale was concluded in his office, in the presence of Messrs. Holdernesse and Bandt. Did not refer Ross on that occasion to the Union Bank. Never heard anything of it till it was stated in Court. If such a conversation had taken place, Bandt must have heard it. The first time he had the slightest sus- picion of stopping was on January 31. On that day he asked Mr. Crawford why he had dishonoured the cheque, and he told him that he had overdrawn £3,000. On look- ing at the accounts, however, they found bills of lading for £1,000 had not been placed to his credit, and Mr. Crawford did not appear to be aware of it. By Air. Bakewell—Did not make a reference to the "Bank. If he had been asked for a reference, he would not have given it, as lie thought lie was independent, and he should have looked upon it as ah insult. Had no recollection of ever being asked for a reference. By the Attorney-General^anuary 31st was the first time he suspected he would have to stop; but lie was not then at all sure about it. The mill a* Bowdeu went on till February li and oDe small purchase of bags was made. Did not operate on his account after that date. Mr. Crawford paid two cheques, but not by Ins directions, and certain farmers might have presented their cheques after that date. He referred above to the EiaUo s hill of la'Ua^ It endorsed on January wS. There was no draft against it at that date, lue draft was lodged in the Bank, he believed, o.i the -btli but at any rate prior to the fist, f remembered takihg tiie bill of "lading up binisejf. The draft was forwarded perhaps the day he received it or the foJJowinsr. The bill produced was the one referred to. It was dated June 30, and the cheque was dishonoured on January 20. As soon as the dishonoured cheque was presented to him he cot money elsewhere and paid it. The statement Mr. Crawford made that he asked him whether he was insolvent, and he replied he was, was not correct, B-'lievcd he was solvent on January 31, but lie did not really know. Had some suspicion that he was not His books were several montns bacs. haw Mr Crawford on thedth February. He asked inm to hand over the bills by the Margaret rhompson, aud he told him that he would not do so until he had consulted his solicitor. Had frequently con vers»d with Mr. Crawford about histnglisii debts. Did not specially tell liim, as lie knew it very welL One-third of the bills—£10,d!)!)—drawn las, .year went to England. Mr. Crawford had asked him how be stood with his English creditors. Had told him what he owed to David Naihan, aud said he was going to give him a mortgage for seven > ears at 5 per cent. Could not rememoer when these conversations took place. j The Attorney-General said lie appeared for the . assignees as to the question of certificate, and for , the'Union Hank and Messrs. Solomon A Co.to j support the charges laid by them. With regard to j the Bank, he said it appeared by the, evidence of : Mr. Crawford that in March, Iboi, toe insolvent . had an overdraft at the Union Bank for £2,0/3, which was partlv covered by securities deposited with the Bank. The Manager, however, on going over them objected to the value put on them by i the previous Manager, and reduced the oierdraft . to some £1,400 or £1,500. Then it appeared he j fMr Crawford) had an interview with the insolvent , m July, 1SS1. On July 27, in consequence of a cheque being presented, be requested Mr. Nathan to meet him. He asked the insolvent to furnish . him with the state of his _ afiairs, and , he furnished the statement which has been | put. Mr. Crawford then understood . that ! there were no .other liabilities, and the wsol- | vent told him that the balance between the assets j and liabilities was what lie was worth. Upon this he was allowed to go on. but no further credit would have been given hail it not been for tins. He : sbouid have to show that the insolvent contracted this debt with the Bank, and that he used fraud to . induce Mr. Crawford to give him the oven,raft, and he would call particular attention to Mr. Crawford's evidence on this point. In the state ment the insolvent furnished no reference was made to his English creditors. Mr. Nathan had attojuptC'l to get (Hit of it io oifiorcct itii-i tie called attention to the inconsistency in the insol vent's -statements that day and on the previous hearing. The insolvent said Mr. Crawrord knew of tliem, but he could fix no date as to when lie told Inm. and, except the small amount secured to David Nathan, Mr. Crawford swore he knew notliin" about ilicni. 5'lie insolvent was obliged to admit that there was no special state ment on the subject, and where a man placed bis defence on inconsistent ground the Court vrald not takc his statements in preference to Uie e'ear evidence of Mr. Crawford. He was asked to make a clear statement of his assets and liabilities and vet no cieution was made at that time of his EiHish debts, which amounted to many thousands of pounds. It was therefore clear that Nathan, in obtaining this overdraft, was guiltv of fraud, and that the concealment of the liabilities in England was a fraud of the most serious nature, not only m obtaining the overdraft, but also in bolstering up his ere Jit. If Mr. Crawford knew of these Iin ivouiu. nave 11**5 this overdraft He thought His Honor must come to the conclusion that the insolvent, in making this statement, wilfully vntiucl'l the English creditors. A subsequent statement was also supplied to Mr. Crawford, but 130 mention was made in that of the English debts. It was not attempted to he said that at these j meetings he ever said what were lus English creditors. The insolvent merely made a general | statement, upon winch it would he impossible to fix a charge of perjury* that Mr. Crawford must 1 have laiown of them. In answer to Unit they had , the positive statement of Mr. Crawford that he did not. From a statement which had been put in , by the insolveut it was clear that the insolvent; looked upon his English creditors as persons who could call upon him at any tune. He thought, therefore, that His Honor must come to the con* , elusion on the uncontradicted statement of Mr. 1 Crawford that the debt was contracted by false statements. With regard to the other charge that it was contracted without reasonable expectation I of p«vment, ho remarked that it was contracted at a time when the insolvent was unable to go on without the assistance of the bank, I and this would equally app*y to the debt 1 of Messrs. Solyniou & Co. The only ex I pectation of paying Solomon s was that it would I be paid by the Bank before they discovered the 1 concealment of his affairs, and he ought to have known the moment the Bank found out what he i himself should have divulged that they would stop 1 his credit. Hut there were other matters m the 1 evidence which must show that for many months ^ prior to his insolvency he had contracted debts ' without any expectation of payment. Ail he could rely on was the forbearance of lus overdraft, I and the Bank would keep him on so long as he ! concealed his English creditors. Those charges j he therefore submitted were proved. ith regard j to the class of certificate, he would call the atten-; ! tion of the Uourt to the state of tne iusoI- = vent's books, The re])ort of the accountant j I and the insolvent's own admissions showed; I that the books were kept in a most care less manner. The insolvent was, therefore, guilty | of not keeping proper books of account, anu^of ! gross negligence. The Court would also consiucr ! ! the reddess manner in which lie had carried on ; i business. His debts had become larger since, I hv means of fraud, he induced the Bank to grant 1 him more assistance. They appeared to have in creased from November to the time of iris insol vency; but it was evident from.the statement put in that at this time lie must have known he was hopelessly insolvent. It appeared that duriug tlie last few mouths lie made the most reckless trartuig, buying goods to the amount of thousands of pounds, and obtaining advances upon them; but when the bilis became due he was insolvent. Though he was not prepared to submit that the insolvent should have a third-class certificate, yet he thought the certificate granted should have the utmost suspension attached to it. Mr. Bagot addressed the Court with reference to the charge of the insolvent contracting a debt with sactions between the insolvent aim lur. rionett, and submitted that the insolvent, whenhe gave Mr. 1'owett a hill for wheat, must have been aware of liis inability to meet it, . Mr. Bake-well said he represented six creditors, all of whom charged the insolvent,v,-ith contracting maul, JUliiusav, r; I .I), uiey mm un iui siicr cnjjac of contracting their dehts fraudulently, and In would deal with the last charges firs:. It was undoubted that in July last the insolvent made a statement to his hanker that over and above allnis debts lie h-i-1 £<>,5i)&. Mr. Crawford stated that he never heard of the English creditors uutii after the insolvency. That being the case, in December iast Harrold Brothers employed Mr. Boss to sell some cornsacksto the insolvent, and in the course of tlie sale the insolvent referred him to the Union Bank. Mr Harrold accordingly went to his banker, feeling unfavourable to Mr. Nathan before doing so, and the Bank acting on this statement furnished them by the insolvent, said he was good for £500. This was on December 6, and shortly afterwards he was insolvent. The amount of evidence was in favour of a reference being made. Mr. Holdernesse and the other clerk said they did not hear it; but it was very possible that such a reference would not be made in their presence. There was nothing to contradict Mr. Ross's statement, and the balance of testimony was greatly in favour of that state- ment. The insolvent was there to endeavour to clear himself from a serious charge; but Mr. Ross was a disinterested witness. That charge he therefore thought must be held to he proved. With regard to -Acranian's charge, the reference did not appear to be so direct. No special reference was wade to tlic Bank; but the Bank, acting on the statement given in July, ; induced them to trust the insolvent. Where a i Written statement was put in the hands of the j banker, it must (be held to be used by that banker, j There was a general authority given to Mr. Craw- i ford, and until that iiad been withdrawn, it might be stated whether, under the direct authority of j the insolvent or not. This debt would not have , been contracted had it not been for this statement, i by which they had been deceived with regard to the insolvent's credit. With regard to the other charges, that he had no reasonable expectation of payment, lie would not dwell upon them, as the Attorney-Genera! and Mr. Bagut had addressed themselves to them, and used every argument in support of them. It was perfectly clear that in .Decemlier last, when the debts were contracted, he was hopelessly insolvent—there was not the ghost of a chance of his being able to get through, j It was in evidence that at tiiat time he wanted I .£20,01)0 to pay 20s. in the pound, and he must j be held to know what was his position—it was not for him to plead ignorance. • He could not : help thinking this was a case where the insolvent [ had shown Himself to be unworthy of the con sideration of his creditors. He had not been ! making any special profits, and had lived at the rate of £1,500 a year on capital. He thought His Houor would consider the charges fuily proved, and lie could not avoid calling attention to the effect of his dealings in December. Had he stopped payment then he would have decreased the dividend payable among the creditors; but the large pur chases after that date gave the later creditors a much larger dividend. Mr. Inglehy intended rather to reply to the more salient points introduced by Ills learned friend than make any particular comments upon the evidence. There were three distinct heads of position—one of contracting debts by means of fraud; the second, by contracting debts without any probability of payment; and the third, the question of certificate. Mr. Bakewell had wished it to be understood that the insolvent had made much larger purchases during the las-, few months than before tliat time. If such were the case no suspension of the certi ficate would be too severe, but he denied the fact that the purchases were larger. If His Honor went thronvh the books lie would find tile insolvent had been trading to the extent of £(50,DUO a year, and tile only difference of late was that iie was leaving the English trade and going more into the colonial trade. The only other point with regard to the certificate was that in July the insolvent made a statement to the Ilauk excluding the English creditors, which lie must have known. He sub mitted that the question was whether he was really bettering his position; for if it were looked at in another point of view it might bo said lie was insolvent from the time he commenced, if he had been sud denly pulled up. He therefore thought, as touching the matter of certificate, tliat the insol vent had acted 111 no improper way. Now he came to the charges of contracting debts by means of fraud with the Hank, and with Messrs. Harro'd Brothers, and Acraman, Main, Lindsay, & Co., and without any reasonable expectation of pay ment. So far as his reading extended, he thought that a person having a fair opportunity of paying any particular debt could not be said to have no expectation of payment. He would take, for in stance, one debt—that of Solomon & Co. Mr. Nathan purchased some goods in January, and on the first of the next mouth he took up the bill. He had two sets of creditors—one, nrgentcreditors, who must be paid, and the other not very urgent creditors. Nor was he under any immediate pressure. So far as regarded the statement made on July 27, it would be seen that so anxious was lie to give a correct statement that he afterwards informed Mr. Crawford of a bill be had pre viously omitted. His English liabilities were not pressing, and that was a correct statement of his - colonial debts, aud it was impossible for His Honor, silting as a Juryman, to think that before j those bills became due he would not he able to pay , them. And this brought him as to what was the i cause of the iusolvency. Mr. Natham had been carrying ou on credit;,but on January 211 he gave I a cheque to Levi & Co., which was dishonoured, by mistake, as it appeared the R.'alto's draft was endorsed and sent to the Bank the day before. He thought, therefore, the charge of coatricting.the I debts without probable expectation of payment ] must fall to the ground. With regard to the I charge of contracting the debt by means of fraud with Aeramnn. Main. Tand-wiv. .V. I'1 > Hie with Acraman, Main, Lindsay, Jc Co. His I Honor hal given sufficient rcpiy to that iu ■ answer to Mr. Bakeweli that there was no 1 special reference to the Bank, and that i therefore the insolvent was not responsible j for what was then told to Mr. Liailsay. J With rcgarl to Harrold Brothers' charge, tliey i distinctly denied it ns far as they couhL Mr. ] Ross, as the agent of Mr. Harrohi, went ioundand 1 urged Nathan to purchase a quantity of cornsacks. j Mr. Ross was very anxious to efiect the sale, and it was not likely that he would ask Nathan for his reference. He had questioned Ross particularly as to where and when this took place, hut the answer did not appear very satisfactory. And now I discount, and although they had proved for &MHJU;, j it appeared that at the time of the last examiua j tion only £120 was due. He then referred to tile ; statement given to the Bank by Mr. Nathan, ; and remarked that that was only the "assets available here." Air. Crawford, when he be ! came manager, might not have known the par ticulars of Nathan's trading, but he might have done so. On looking at the books Mr. Crawford must have wilfully shut his eyes if he thought | £4,000 was all he owed besides the Bauk. That statement v.-as made for a specific purpose, "to [ satisfy the Bank that he was able to meet a bill theu coming due, and after that they went on as before. In conclusion, he remarked that if the securities were realized as valued by the previous Manager the insolvent would owe the Bank nothing. His Honor said he wished to consider the evidence, and would give judgment on Friday next at half-past 30 o'clock. In* ke C. A. Lyons. This was a first hearing. The insolvent is a grocer of Franklin-street, hut no business of importance was transacted. in he F, Huppatz. First hearing. The insolvent is a labourer of near Salisbury. Nothing of importance was done. Tuesday, .SEPTmrnsn 1G. In he C. A. Lyons. First hearing. Air. Vd. Hatclicit for the insolvent. ISever.il debts were proved, and Mr. J. Harvey was appointed trade assignee. In liE J. Feancis. First bearing. Air. Bruce attended on behalf of Air. D. Bavne. and examined the insolvent with reference to the disposition of his cattle and property. The hearing then closed. 