&F.; PATRICK'S BANQUET AT THE ROTUNDO. (From the Nation, March 22.) The great national festival of St. Patrick's was celebrated on Monday by a public dinner at tbe ' Rotundo, which was beautifully- decorated in a i style appropriate to the occasion. Busts of: eminent' Irishmen who had destinguishad them- ' selves by their patriotic devotion to .tbe cause of' their country, were placed upon a platform erected i at the back of the principal table, between them in the centre of. the platform were placed two handsome banners, one hung above the other — the uppermost surmounted by a harp, and mottoes being interspersed over the surface, of each. On the superior flag was inscribed, in Celtic characters 'cead mille failthe ;* ' and ' Erin^ go-bragh ; on the inferior, 'Aid yourself, and God will aid you ;' on the bust of Davis was the inscription, 'Forty Eight ;' on that of Wolfe Tone,' Ninety-eitfbt.' Between them a slip of green ran diagonally, with the word ' Brother hood', in gilt letters upon its surface. To the right was placed the American flag, and to the left the French tricolor waved its folds. Festoons of laurel hung from the flagstaffs, and were trailed along the busts. Aroud the room were hung,: between the. pillars of the gallery, green bannarets, bearing the names of Ernmet, De Jean, Martin, Meagher, O'Brien, Mitchel, Davis, O'Oonnell, Fitzgerald, Tone, and Duffy, inscribed upon them in Irish characters. At each end of the gallery was in like manner, inscribed the names of the four provinces — Ulster and Munster ? upon one side, Leinster and Connaught upon tbe other. Several fl-igs, besides, decorated tbe apartment. At a quarter-past seven the doors were opened, and in a very short space of time every seat at the tables was filled. They were six in. number, extending tbe full length of tbe roam, from a cross table fixed under the dois, and at which tbe principal guests of the evening were seated. In all we do not exceed, perhaps da not equal the number, when we say that three hundred and fifty persons sat down to dinner. Besides those in the body of the hall, the gallery wajs filled with ladies, accompanied by gentlemen, far' beyond its convenient capacity. Not alone were. thfi seats occupied,: but there was not even standing room for the' numbers 'tha^thsonged it. They' were glad, to occupy any positon, however inconvenient, aad perched up in the' recesses of windows and along the backs of seats, until peremptory orders bad to be issued that no more could be admitted. The utmost regularity pre vailed until the close o( the meeting, when some alight disturbance took place, which was, hovever easily quieted. The dinner was of the.most ample and 'finished cuisine, and did credit to the caterer?, Messrs. Byrne and Sheridan. The arrangements of the decorations, &c;, were com mitted to the care of Messrs. G. C. Doran and C. Clinton Hoey, whose taste and ability were amply shown by the way their business was performed. An effective body of stewards, under the management of Messrs. Courtney, Couniffn, and. other gentlemen, did good service in their particular capacity ..'.'.. After ample justice had been done the Chair man rose and said Ladies and Gentlemen,— It was on this night twelvemonths that the gentle men who formed the committee of this banquet, and other true Nationalist, took it into their heads to revive in Ireland the celebration of their national festival. (Hear, hear). In every country and in every clime where tbe lot of Irisk men is cast, no matter from what circumstances they are exiled, be it landlord tyranny or be it the tyranny of tbe laws that empower landlords to exercise this tyranny, the sweetest, dearest, fondest throb and hope of Irishmen, their most chefisbedaspiration, is to see tbe land of their birth, not indeed as slaves, but as freemen — {Hear, hear)— I might add my wish, that they should live in those lands in which they have received protection, shelter, and hospitality, rather than that they should return to a land of de gradation and slavery; and if my fellowcountry men1 cannot give them a cead mille failthc ac cording to their heart and wish, better that they should atop where they are, unless they can come with, the hope, determination, and strength to free their country from the bondage, and slaveiy which, it has undergone during the last seven centuries. (Hear, hear). For the second time we' are celebrating the national anniversary of St Patrick. You see wo are not allowed to do it .....this, time without having what I may justly term an. opposition shop. (Laughter). 1 believe that tbedemonstration which t*ok place on the 17th of Maccb, 1861, has so alarmed our task-masters that they have said. they. could not do better than create an1 opposition shop. Well, I believe I am saying what is. right, beyond all contradiction, that our shop has the largest numbers. (Laughter). We have men anongst us who, although they have not long bandies to their names, are men with steady arms, strong hearts, and firm determination, qualities which possessed by one boy, would make him infihitedly superior, aye, by ten thousand times, to the individual whose name I shall not mention to an audience composed of ladies and gentlemen; but this I will say, that the individual to whom I refer is a composition of human depravity and unmanliness too despicable to be mentioned in any other way than that of 'poltroon or coward.' No Irish woman would ever look with affection or regard on a man who is not able to defend his honour (Hear, hear). It is my pfide and pleasure, that I am, I maysay, one' of the constituents of the man who both by his eloquence and manliness maintains the character of his country. It is a matter of deep regret, and in this regret I am sure you will all join, that that distinguished Irishman who was to have been here to-night to honour this place by his presence — a man whose whole heart and soul is with us; it is, I say, a matter of deep regret Ito all of us, that a grave' domestic affliction should have prevented The O'Donoghue from being present. We all hope that this shall be of short duration. I wish to say a few words more about the opposition shop. This opposition ' shop was got up in a great measure to endeavour to attract from the numbers of this assembly. I leave it to you whether they were successful or not. I say they were not The inducements were held out only to flunkeys who bend their knee to the bland old gentleman who represents Royalty in this countnv who thoroughly carries out the English policy, who not alone preaches but wishes to be insolent to the individuals whom Peel has assembled to night at this^festival. (Cries of hear, hear) You are all aware that the Corporation of Dublin— (hisses) — I am more obliged to you for that hiss than for anything to- night,for those individuals deserve it. They made an application to his Excellency, a deputation waited on him to lay before him the grievances which afflict hundreds of thousands of my fellow-countrymen in distant parts of Ireland. The Corporation waited on his, Excellency; they told him that the people were dying ef cold and hunger ; they appealed to him . for aid ; he treated their appeal with indifference — with, in fact, insult. We are satisfied: that they have received an insult at last. If I were one of the deputation, I should consider it an insult to.be treated with so much contempt, and I should, therefore, never be seen in. the presence of a man who told me he did. not believe me. (Hear, hear). I must go further. They came back and issued an address to the people, of Ireland, with a view to solicit relief to the suffer ing . pour, and his Excellency, with all the blandness and hypocracy for which he is re markable, countermanded their good intentions. He did not see the necessity himself. ' He said, ' I will put a stop to this. ; I will: prevent those ? who are charitably disposed from doing good.'1 He gave the munificent sum of £3 for the purpose of relieving the distress of the West, I am not miscalculating when 1 say that the numbers who required relief at the time were fully 300,000. The object intended by this miserable donation was that flunkeys who, possibly, might be charitably disposed .would measure their benevo lancfi by the standard wbiou he lay down. They got over the mitter by declining to subscribe anything rather than displease their master.' I deny that those representatives are our represen tatives. They lie, if they say they represent me where they are to-night, and, therefore I will take every opportunity in my power to oppose such men. The Chairman concluded by pro posing the following toast — ' The day we celebrate and the health of all good Irishmen who, at home or in exile, celebrate St. Patrick's Day.' The toast was duly honoured. The next toast was — ' The Irish people, the only legitimate source of power.' The Rev. VIr. Vaughan next addressed the meeting— He said be would, indeed, be de.M to every feeling that animated his heart, if upon any occasion he were indifferent to the call ot any portion ef his warm hearted, fellow, countrymen, Therefore it1 was he was. willing, with their in dulgence, to say something about the toast ; and;, by their giving him indulgence, they would enable him to go on. Ha had, indeed, been under the terrible conviction, foe the list few years, that 'Ireland had died. In her msral 'and politica bearing she was actually dead, and he (Father Vaughan), had stated to. some of her friends that .the only remedy for' her restoration was to let her undergo- the natural process of dying out, and' to await for- her resurrection. Tuat hud been the last conviction in his mind, but he now saw around him bright hopes for Ireland. (Hear hear) He had seen all that had taken place that night, and from that manly and noble bearing of the people he felt that some potent voice had gone to the tomb of Ireland, and said to her what had been said to Lazarus. (Applause.) The country came forth that night as one man, and he now saw before him the resurrection of Ireland. He was not dead to the feelings or the sentiments that actuated, or tlrit might actuate his country men. And why? Because he was one of the people — (great applause) — and above all, one of the priesthood of the people. He (Father Vaughai?) was delighted at the gathering that night— be was delighted with the meeting, because he found that it had emanated from the great and grand principle of self-reliance. ( ippluuse.) He would ask them what was or had been their position before? They had been brought together by certain agitators. It was truer that the agita tors, in this country advocated ; the' public spirit, and were' men that made garnet of the . popular credulity. (Hear, hear.) He knew that there were exceptions amongst those— O'Gonnell and other3; He confessed be would not like to see the same mode of agitation had recourse to now. (Cheers ) They were now a different people. (Renewed cheers.) Th.eyhad advanced almost a century; thpy thought and reasoned upon matters. They were learned . and educated, arid bad , made gigantic strides in intellect. They had progressed greatly in that respect, and, therefore, he hoped they could tbink for themselves (Cheers.) He would say that the great principles thai- would guide this country, must be principles, that would spring from the collective wisdom of the people. They should reserve to themselves the power, the right —the legitimate and inherent right— of watching leaders, and of watching the press What were theapeople? It. was their right*— their inherent righY to watch those matters. If they carried out, that principle' of thinking fpr/;themselves, and of abiding by the collective wisdom of the people, his solemn conviction was that Ireland might be Godlike in her march. (Great, applause.) ? It wasjsaid in the toast that the people were the source of legitimate power. He (Father Vflji^ban) belisved that God was the source of all power. He bad thrown out his vhw in a de su'tiiry way on that subject, -.He loved, God knows, his countrymen. He felt delighted with what he saw'around him that night, and, above all, with that progress of patriotism. (Hear, hear, and applause). He knew tlut in the pro gressive march of nationality they would meet with obstacles and get some hard knocks, but he would advise them still to make up their minds for these thing's and to go on. ' He knew that they complained and he complained also, but still it-was a childish thing for them to complain, that a portion of the national clergy were not with them. .(Applause). Would any man tell now in that time of national ^progress that they stood in need of the national clergy ? Were the people persons able to do their own work? They should, indeed, proceed and gc on with their noble work whether the clergy were against them or not. When they asked for clergymen to ba amongst them, what did they want them for? Their duty and business w-re to bui d up a tem ple of nationality and freedom. The duty of the . priesthood. then , was. to, bless that temple— (hear, hear)— that brought him to another consideration — a consideration of a principle which he should like to see brought under the notice of all parties here, whether C-itholics, Presbyterians, or Pro testants. He would press to his heart men of every creed when he saw them united for the interest of Ireland. (Applause). He would ask them to look at ali those who, whilst they knelt at different altars lived in this country. In reference to the clergy, he would, say obey them when they touched upon the doctrines of their faith. It,wa3 their duty to obey the clergy in all matters tw.bing the infallible doctrines of the Cbur.h, and these could1 never err. In matters of that description they could not be led astray, but sup posing a partion of the clergy were aga'insf them' and opposed to ihem in reference, to nationality, they should' then follow their own : course. He wished to understand- that distinctly, becauS9 he had no hesitation in saying that only tbe. Catholic people understood .that, they must march, in the cause, of. nationality. (Hear, bear, and cheers.) T.nere was now another brought to his niimi which he would like to bring under their notice. He alluded to the present destitution in the country. . The people in Irt-hnd were in a horrible state of. poverty, of destitution. Father Vaughan then referred to the recent visit of the Chief Secretary, and concluded by-suggesting that on address- should be forwardad to tue Irish . people, to, every country arid ' citf|in Europe — that a de- .;: putation from Ireland should go -to all the coun- M tries in Europe, particularly France;; for the pur- -^ pose of laying before theinthe wants of the Irish ??/! psople. The reverend 'llnrteman resumed his ?'; seat amid bud. applause. ff ' : ?'? y .'..-.* The Ch lirman then '£gaye ' The Patriotic 7 Priests of Ireland' -?! o i ?; The Rev. Mr. Kenyqht P.P., in replying said ? that be would not satisfy tbe feelings of his own. - mind if he did not express to those present, at ? the commencement of bis 'address, that he bad no - particular — no exact — no specific hope to bold out to them, nor any precise programme of advice to. .' give them with regard to the future. He did ? .:% not deny to others the right to express any sen- -.. i timent they thought right, but, for himself, he :- should say that he saw nothing specific and ;,: nothing exact before him. But still he saw a .:?: general use to be realised by the mere fact of ?. their meeting on that occasion, for, though they ;L had no distinguished titled guests amongst them, .:? they had the guests whom God had created, v; who by right of their birth and creation were h equal to any others. (Hear, hear, and applause.) ?.:' What were they there for that night? .Were .-s they discontented demagogues— had they any real ::i: grievances? Because there were persons who . said they were the happiest people in the world* ... ?.-; free to do as they liked, and to starve as they - . liked They were there to protest that they,-,,-. were»not free. Then, being slaves, how could ??. -.:; they become free ? Could they do it by parlia- T mentdry agitation? (No, no.) Did they mean ... to say that they could do it by moral force ? No, '; no.) Certainly never. (Cheers.) It was a ??'?/ strange thing that enslaved men never yet won. . .'. their freedom except by the strength of ; their. - 1 arms. (Cheers.) They could hot explain if, ':.:..? perhaps, but so it was; they could not get into!,.:; the position of freemen unless -.-.they . could -;; win it by fair fight? (Cries of Yes.) ' No,.. ; no; they were in the wrong there It was. a.; mistake and a delusion to suppose that. But .??.'; circumstances might arise. Providence might ''.-? arrange matters, if they were true to the faith of ,. -.,» nationality, just as it arranged bow the French,':;' Russians, and English all -assailed the Turks at /., Nayarino, because the \Gr-s.eks. deserved .their- ,'j freedom. They^ivere assembled to. denounce ?tbe^.rs- ?--.-- notion that they should attempt anything of the ; kind. There was nothing more likely to lead to i error than these mistakes of analogy of .history. . ;.-, People might say — ' others have done this, and ? why should not we ?' Simply because they were-: . not like any other piople. What were they to ' ? do? They were, whenever they could— when- ever the way was open to them — to be free ; but they should not indulge in fantastic and false notions. (Cheers). Three points, then, were -?; established— first, that they were slaves ; second, that they could not be freemen unless theywere ; able to win it by a fair fight ; and thirdly, that ?-. they were not able to win it at present. (Cries ;; of ' we are,' and ' no, no') But they were ? disposed and determined. Two things were most -. important— first, they should be most tolerant to all classes of their countrymen. (Cheers). At present they had bigots and fanatics preaching ? from high pulpits base and bad doctrines. (Hear, - hear). People were at work for the English go^: ?. vernment, with very leading names too, setting , Irishman against Irishman, Catholic against his honest Protestant and Presbyterian country- . men. He would tell his countrymen, that the soul of a Presbyterian Irishman was , as valuable in the sight of God who made it, in the sight of Christ who redeemed it, in the sight of the Holy Ghost who watched over it, as the: , soul of any Catholic priest or bishop or hierarchy (Cheers). They were there that night to estab lish the principle of free toleration. No matter , how high the pulpit from which the doctrine of bigotry was preached, they denounced and des pised it. (Cheers). And they did thus — if they - were patient, and always preserved in their hearts ? the true principles of nationality which twenty generations of their countrymen fought and suffered for, died for on the scaffold and in exile—; they kept that principle alive, and were patient, - and were not led away into improbable specula- ,.-.:, tions, but put their trust in God and were tolerant to each other, although nothing definite was to be expected from that evening, yet the very gather ing he saw around him would be an act of triumph in itself, and a stage towards their ultimate liberation. The rev. gentleman concluded a most able and eloquent speech, amidst the enthusiastic , applause of those present, with an earnest and urgent appeal on behalf of religious toleration, and tbe furtherance of Nationality in Ireland. Mr. Martin said— I am invited to speak to the sentiment of ' Ireland's illustrious dead,' : : . who have died in her defence at home, or have . __ ^ 1^ — — — — — — l^^*^^™ ^^___^^^^ lound honourable graves in exile.. Ireland has bad among her sons many a true and gallant heart, many a cuanragbrain devoted to her sernce with ardour that only the grave could chill. _ Irish enius and Irish virtues have struggled in ler defence at home, and, have gamed honour for. her name abroad. And we ought to look and; reverence the men whose genius and wrtues we« go devoted. Glad andproud would we be to have the painter's, and sculptor'*, and ports, and his torian's art employed in iittmortalisinf the cha racters, and in teaching our youth to emulate their patriotism. (Applause.) If their merits and our gratitude could make them so, they should be illustrious. But the sad truth is that the Wi^^eegbl^WJfT^^^fr^TOaOTfOHgits illustriojos dead. The life and acts of a tubject ' people like ua pass in a region too low and remote to be illuminated by any rays of glory. We lie obscure and wretched under the malignant shadow.; of England, Besides the Poet of the Melodies, the other Irishmen, who in latter years have obtained^ a world wide fame at Irishmen, ha«e- been* Grattan and O'Connell. (Cheers.) And Grattan earned his fame by bearing the chief part when the arms of the, Volunteers; struck off that yoke for a time ; and 0;Connell earned his fame by extor ting a great concession from unwilling England, when he emancipated the Catholics. (Cheers.)) It is only the natives of independent countries that have an honourable career to distinction at home—that can win an illustrious name, by serving their, own country in arts or in arms; What career to distinction have the Irish in Ireland^? (Hear, hear). It is an honourable career when they aid the enemy of their name anirace to govern— that is, to divide, and weaken and impoverish, and debase, and destroy their own countrymen ta chase rthem from Ireland, or kill them off by famine, or, what is worse to make public paupers of them? (Hear, hear). To make public paupersof. hundreds of thousands of Irish that but for the rule of England might be simple, honest, industrious, happy peasants or artisans* living in the fear of God and the love of their neighbours, a strength and^not a weakness and a plague to the community. (Cheers). I feat 'to trust myself upon the subject. I desire to perform my little part in public affairs without causing offence to any of my countrymen whether they have office under the appointment of our English government or not. I know that in the circumstances of this country it is in vain to lobki for many instances of that stern virtue which would sacrifice all professional advancement, all lucrative exercise of ones talents, because a. foreign power has usurped the control of our^ public revenue. I *am sure that many of my fellow-countrymen in office desire to serve Ireland, and I ant willing to assume that all are actuated by some latent patriotic sentiment, until they give flagrant proof of the contrary. I say I am anxious not to give offence to anybody, least of all to the clergy, whose sacred office it is to watch over the interests of morality and religion. But we are at the beginning of another famine. And secret societies have been denounced, and this' denunciation is understood as being directed against the political society whose guest I am to nighty though it is hot a secret society. My friends, we have ao secret here. I- invite all our countrymen to listen to us, while I declare that we desire the independence of Ire land; We desire to have Ireland for the Irish. We1 desire that our country should get rid of the English dominion. Such is our object, our only object and we make no secret of it. (Hear* hear). Ireland for the Irish, .for all the Irish, of every race; and creed, and class. (Cheers). ^ We wish the Irish community to have possession of the resources that God has bestowed upon Ireland, so that with their own industry our people may live and thrive and that famine and pauperism may no more desolate this fertile land— dwarfing, demoralising, murdering out kindred, ruining them body and soul. I know that though the English dominion were abolished, such poor would always be found among us. But they would be God's poor — some maimed, and blind, and helpless fellow-creatures, dependent upon holy charity which blesses him that gives and him thai takes. Is it so with the unnatural plague of pauperism that attends on the foreign- rule ? I was in Ireland in the first year of the great famine ; I witnessed then the ruinous effects that intolerable poverty wore upon morality and re ligion; My poor neighbours whom I had known till' then as hard-working, inoffensive, Godfear ing people, earning their bread in the sweat of their brows, and anxious to live in the good re pule of their neighbourhood— I saw very many of them, under the preasure of want, lose spirit, and self-respect, and decent shame, and care for food repute and fear of God. And most of those who went into the poorhouses became liars and thieves, and regardless of right or wrong, and outcasts frooi all that is good. And girls that, but for English tule, might be wives and mother* of honest people, became lost— lost to God and good. It is horrible to talk of this. But we know that we are at the beginning of another famine; and as we ctv.e for the souls of thepeo plej let us devote ou .elves to the removal of that plague that ruins so many souls in Ireland, the pleagu* of English rule. (Cheers). We know — every intelligent man in Ireland knows — that but for English rule, but for the exhausting tribute which this country is obliged to pay to England, and the industrial paralysis under which it must lie while subject to England, three times our actual population might live here in pros perity, and neither famines nor poorhouses darken \- the face of Ireland. (Hear, hear). To oppose secret societies is no harm ; I see no use for them i^ — — ? in the present condition of Ireland, and they might produce very mischievous effects. The speaker concluded amidst applause. : ' Several other patriotic speeches were made and were received by the meeting with immense applause,: the last toast being the United States the refuge and friend of the exile.' 