THE NATIVE DIFFICULTY". [From the New Zealand Spectator, Oct. 4.] If the final adjustment of the difficulties in our, relations with the native race is slower than we expected or could have desired, still there can be no doubt that events are slowly conducing towards the desired end. If confidence, " that plant of slow growth, is not so completely established as the colonists in their anxiety to see the country more prosperous could wish, they have chiefly to thank their representatives, especially the members of the middle island, who could lend themselves to the gratification of Mr. Stafford's personal resentments in turning out a Ministry in which the Maories had confidence, to be replaced by men who were warm supporters of Colonel Browne's and Mr. Stafford's policy., Nor will the constituents of these members be the more satisfied when they find that the native question is more a middle island question than it at first sight appears; for in all the additional expenses which are incurred through the mistakes of their representatives the middle island will have to bear the greater share. As long as the losses and the drawbacks arising from the unsettled state of the country were the exclusive burdens of the settlers of the northern island, while the arm of prosperity shone with unclouded splendour on the middle island, its inhabitants could view this state of things with philosophic composure, but the question now forces itself on their attention in a more practical manner. Still there are everywhere to be found striking proofs of the change that has taken place in the state of things and in the state of public opinion during the last twelve month the time that Sir George Grey has been in the country. Take up what paper you will, you no longer meet with the tribes about " vigorous policy and " vigorous measures," and " teaching the natives a whole- some lesson a proof that that policy is exploded, and that such strong meat is not suited to the appetites of the readers for whom such writers cater. Then the constant rumours of threatened native disturbances which used to appear in the Southern Cross just before the meeting of the General Assembly, from corres Eon dents of undoubted character and respectability, no longer occupy a corner of that journal. There is nothing to be got by it, not the ghost of a chance of any advantage possible or contingent, le jeu near vant pas la chandelier, the Assembly has been held at Wellington and now, to judge by the Auckland papers, one would hardly imagine there were any natives in that part of the island. so little reference is made to them or their proceedings. All this is an immense change for the better from the state of things in Colonel Browne's time, but we must look forward for still greater changes before we can talk of complete success. We must look forward to such a settlement of the country as will allow of some well connected system of road- making to open up the interior of the Island, which is as completely closed against colonization as when the settlers first landed in the country, and such a permanent settlement of native disputes as will allow a continuous stream of immigration to be poured into this island, before we can expect a complete solution of the native difficulty. 