ON THE THAMES AT MIDNIGHT. Cornhill Magazine. "We pull into Limehouse Reach, a*id London is left behind. All this while, there has been noth'ng to see but the sky above, so thickly strewn with stars, the shimmering black water belo*, and on either side barges, stranded, eulky- tleeping ships, and a dark low-squatting bankofqu (ya and wharves indiatinguiahable.Our boat is tue only moving thing on the river ; and the silence i* unbroken save by the sound of our own oars. A little while since, indeed, the music of some tavern-fid'tler, the shrill, melan- choly piping of some poor woman singing at a tap-room window for coppers (she had a voice once,nnd wore ribbons, and sang inside for love) floated out upon the still warm air. These were the only soundsihatreachedusfromallthat vast city-these thin, misoi able voices, but I hear them still. To be sure, we are railes away from the haunts they made vocal. The fiddlers asleep with his fiddle, this woman has taken her ' Heart bowed Down' to her garret and her six small children (may her coppers be many !), but their sad piping and scraping seem to linger in the air yet. Theie is a pathetic meaning in those ghostly sounds, more than one can really understand, suggesting as choy do all that might be heard. Silent as the great ci y seems -only one fiddler audible-what a tumult is going on there ! How m*ny sighs are breaking from how many hearts, each thinking itself the most sorrowful in all the world ? How many are orying for joy, for hate, hunger, love, money P Children weeping themselves into the world, and being wept out of it: plotters whispering, poets raving, anger shrieking, guilt confessing iu passionate prayers : the suspira tions of hope, the laughter of fools, the kisses of sin, the cries of death. It is better not to hear all this - but it is heard.We, Mr. Boatman, can only distinguish a fiddler's fiddling and a woman's tinging ; but there are ears in the hive which hear every sigh, every whisper. Altogether, what a terrible humming it must be ! I almost think I can see it rising up to the sky. That dull haze hanging over the town, surely it is the host of phantoms spawned into the air from so many «ching heads and teeming hearts-every thought.every cvish taking shape, and ascending into the wel- tering throng of ghosts above. What a spectacle it is ! The dead returning, lovers em- bracing, parents murdered, wives treacherous, thefts, poisonings, a thousand scenes of sha ne,a thousand hypocritical villanies!-I will look back no more." Exportation of Timber.-The seaward side of the approach to the wharf at Wollon- gong is now lined with huge logs of timber of various sizes, but all large, intended, we be- lieve, for transit to England for the purpose of shipbuilding. The logs were got on the Illa- warra coast range, principally in the neighbor- hood of Bulli, and in that direction.-Illawarra Express. The Silver Mine.-The reports from the silver mine continue satisfactory. The miners lately arrived here have set to work, and the long promised hopes of something definite being arrived at as to the richness of tho mine will now shortly be realised. The roturns to certain quantities of ore have been received by Mr. Reed, and the result fully justifies the expectations that have from the outset been entertained. To a small parcel taken to Sydneyby Mr.Wainwright.twenty-soven ounces of silver and two ounces ten dwts of gold to the ton was shown. And it is reported that much larger quantities of both metals have been produced from ore sent for testing. We are waiting for the confirmation by the receipt of the official notification. The sinking is 170 feet, and the introduction of machinery, which will shortly be on the ground, will do away with the inconveniences and drawbacks which exist to the profitable working of the mine. Moruya Messenger. The Goat Nuisance at New Town. Many of the inhabitants of New Town com- plain of the destruction to the crops in their gardens occasioned by goats which are suffered to roam at large about the township. Perhaps the owners of those animals are not aware that they are liable to be proceeded against under the Police Act for allowing them to bo at large in the streets of the township. Franklin Square.-At the meeting of the Board at the Queen's Asylum yesterday it was incidentally remarked that the men had been withdrawn from the construction of the new reservoir at the back of tho Asylum. Mr. Nairn remarked that the men hod been withdrawn for the purpose of levelling Franklin Square which it was necessary should be done immediately, as the monument to the memory of Sir John Franklin was expected shortly to arrive from England. Fire at the "Mercury" Publishing Office.-Yesterday morning, at nine o'clock, a fire was found to have broken out in ono of tho rooms over the publishing offiee of the Mercury. A dense volume of smoko, followed by flames, burst through the window at the rear. Fortunately there was abundant help at hand, and a ladder being at once fixed, buckets of water were at once handed up and poured upon the burning mass. Tho engine of the Tasmanian Office was quickly on the spot, also the reel from tho Derwent and Tamar, and in a very short time, the fire was completely extinguished. The loss sustained is inconsider- able. The neighbors lent very offeotive as- sistance on tho occasion, especially Mr. Hed berg, and his partner Mr. Williams ; and Mr. Brown of the Derwont mid Tamar Office. The Government Land Sale.-A sale of Crown Lands took place yesterday, at the Couvt of Requests Room, Murray- street. Mr. Worley officiating as auctioneer. There was a very poor attendanco and with the exception of two or throe pastoral lots, the bidding was very slack. Twenty- five ' ownship, twelve agri- cultural, and five pastoral lots were all that were disposed of. The total proceeds amount- ing to £4,058 10s. Most of tho purchasers availed themselves of the credit clause of tho Waste Lands' Act. The New Museum.-The fittings for the display of tho Royal Society's speoimons of natural history, and every other article in con- nection with the Museum aro now being fixed nt the new building in Macquario-street. The removal of the cosos, &c;" from the old building has also commenced, and it is to be hoped that under the new arrangement, the Society's labors may be more liberally rewaided, and that ere long they may bo enabled to odd another wing to their handsome structure. Mechanics' Institute.-Last evening the members of the Elocution Class road'"Selec- tions from the Poets." A large audience were present andby their applause encouraged the young students of elocution, I A Perpetual Cvbact.-The Times of August I 5th say«:- The living of St. Leonard's is à perpetual curacy, worth £800 a-year, and is in the gift of the whole body of the parishioner!. The Bishop of Lichfield hu been written to, and ' the following is a copy of the legal opinion ' j which his Lordship has taken to ascertain how j the oonvietion of the incumbent the R<»v. H. j S Fletcher, of Bilaton, affects the holding the living:-" 27, Parliament-street, July 1862.-My Lord,-We have ascertained , the offence of which the Rev. H. S. tehee I hat been convicted is a misdmeanor, under tia Act 24th and 25th Viet. o. 96 ; but he has nof ' yet been brjught up for sentence. Had the offenoe been felony, a sentenoe of deprivation would be pronouQoed by the Ecclesiastic »1 Courtonprooeedingstakenfortkepurpose Amis demeanor is not in itself a cause of deprivation or suspension ; and as the offence of which Mr. ' Fletcher has been found guilty is not an offenoe against the laws ecclesiastical, we do not see that your lordship can take any proceeding under the Church Discipline Act.-We are, my Lord, your Lordship's very faithful servants, Bubdee and Dunning. Intebesting Antiquarian Discoveries, The oorresp mdent of the Morning Post at Rome gives an account of some interesting discoveries which have recently been made at that city. Signor Forfunati, he says whose name became celeb-ated three or fonr years ago by the discovery of the ancient Basilica of St. Stefano, and some most interesting tombs on the Via La'ina, three railes from Rome, has been again fortunate in his 7archo logical researches in a vineys d adjoinine the ancient Praetorian o imp having brought to light amongst other relic« of the past, twelve inscriptions of monument*, erected to Proto ian soldiers. These epigrams are highly prized, as being illustrative of historical and geographical details interesting to the antiquary, and demonstrative of the fact that the Praetorian Guards were levied in distant provinces such as Pannonia Mosia, and Thrace, of which provinces, cities, boroughs, and streets are exactly specified. The classic soil of Tuscu'un has again furnished materials wherewith to enrich the costly ball ' of the Vatican Museum. Recent excavations in that part of the ancient city enolosed in the precincts of the Camaldoles monastery have revealed a large black and white mosaic pave- ment, in admirable preservation, representing a ¡. '! school of athletes in various attitudes of leaping, '. ' wrestling, throwing the disoni, and boxing, be*' ¡ sides the arbiters and authorities of the gymns- ; si um presiding over the tab'es bearing the lots '.?'< - and prues to be adjudged to the victor*. <" In ' its details, this pavement is more; interesting than any other yet discovered illustrative of the s same subject, not excepting tbose in the Lateran i '* Museum and the celebrated pavement in the casino of Prince Borgheae's villa. j -.'; Leather Soles fob Hobses.- To those who ' ?' believe that leather soles may sometimes be UBe-r^ ful hy d ¿fending the horse's foot from loose stone in the road, I say that if horses be properly shod, they will not be inconvenienced by the otoñes ; and if the shoeing is bad, though leather may tend to hide some faults, it will not mend them. I here is one view of the subject that has escaped notice; it is surprising to see men who, on other : matters, try to follow in the track of Nature's laws, not alive to the truth that the contact of . atmospheric air to the surf ice of the horse's foot is essential to the health of the organ. I regard cleanliness to be as necessary to the health of ' horse's feet in their domesticated state a* it is to the feet of men. No part of the horse is more ' bountifully suppled with blood than the'u>ï which besides serving for growth and nouriso- " ment, keeps up secretions, which, among other offices, maintain duo elasticity in the hoof, and ' regulate the normal temperature. How, in the absence of any proof that leathern soles have ! ever been useful, they shoul 1 have been tolerated so long is astounding. It i* extensively known that the secretion which goes on over the surface s of the animal's body cannot be obstructed by » artificial interference without producing ill ; effects, and if obstrue ion be extended over a large surface, the general health, and even the life, of the animal is forfeited. What would be Jr> said by any one of common sense if it was pro- " nosed to cover the sole of the human foot with ? a tar plaster, and to keep it permanently on P ? < Let this view betaken, and let it be understood > that the argument applies equally well to the' ' * case of the horse, and it oannot fail to arrest ¡" attention. ** '! Crinoline Fatality.-Yesterday a young » woman, 19 years of age, named Elisabeth; ,g> Woodhouse,"a domestio servant at 79, Lupus-// street Pimlico, died at St. George's Hospital i " from the effects of burning, said to be occa- , sioned by the use of crinoline, under the follow- ' < ing circumstances :-On Sunday last the poor girl spent the day with her friends, who reside i in Clerkenwell. At 11 o'clock that night, on < her return, she had to light a candle by striking a lucifer match, which she threw down alight, and by that means unconsciou*l> got the skirt» of her muslin dress, expanded by crinoline. < ignited. Before assistance was obtainable the . lower extremities and body became burnt in a < frightful manner. Tue poor creature was > immediatelv removed by her master to the above ) hospital, where she was promptly attended by Mr. William Hope, the house surgeon. She, however, gradually grew worse, and sank yes» "1 terday morm ng. Information has been for« ' warded to the coroner for an inquest. , Horse Bbbeding.-Sir. -In writing on the " system of in-breeding in horses, Mr. Webster, > 11 in your paper of the 9th instant says. " that, as ! far as his experience goes, it has always pro- ' duced greater aptitude to fat, small bone, and tendency to disease." This system ofinbreed- f ing, though injurious to mankind is not on with . other animals. It is a well-known fact that almost all the rare horses of the present day are either nearly or distantly related, and, i curiously enough, if we examine the pedigrees of some of the moat celebrated horses of the present contury, we shall find a wonderful success by this system of in-breeding. For < > example, Mati'da. who won the Leger in 1827,. ' was by Gohanna, out ef Plutiua, audherdam" was the produce of brother and sister ; Cother- stone and Mowerina(dam of West Australian) were the produoe of first cousins ; and many others I could mention of very near relation- ship. Orlando, The Saddler, Sweetmeat. Flying Dutchman, and Sir Tatton Sykes, were all in-bred.-I remain, dir, your obedient ¡¡ef vant, Edwvrd C. Dering Clifford, Sept. 10. ' Anecdote of Sheridan.-A curious anecdote > is related of the groat Sheridan. It is well known that when hard up for cash he used to make his wit earn the means for subsistence, ?< and ho could accomplish this in no better way than by laving wagen with his thiok patea u friend the Prince Regent. A discussion arose as to tho respective walking capabilities of turkeys aud geese, and the wit expressed him* self very incredulous of the assertion that turkeys would walk twice as far as geese in a given space of time. He affected to believe that geeao could be driven as fast on the road as turkeys, and the thing appeared so very ' absurd that the Prince instantly laid him a <, heavy wager that such wa* not the case Sheridan, however, knowing the " early«to-bed t habit» of turkeys, took care to arrange a long : distance to be traversed, and to fix the period of trial to be late in the afternoon. The eon sequence waa tho evening set in before the rival locks had anything like arrived at thoir des- ' tination, and although the turkeys outstripped < the geese at first, as the shados of night fell > they refused to bo driven forward and go flying up "on tho branches of the trees at the roadside The geese however, were driven steadily for ward to the winning point, and the Prince Regent, as usual, lost his wager. 