THE PASTOBAL ADDRESS. Of the Most Severead1 the Archbishop, ana AsaemUea. . . ? - Hie following interesting document which we quote from the Ttetmim will be read with interest, as being an exposition or the principles of a large section of the com munity on subjects of general importance : To the Faithful under our Jurisdiction. Health and Benediction in oar Lord Jesus Christ. Dearly Beloved.— It is with a, deep sense of gratitude to Almighty God, that we re cognize in the progress of our holy religion, throughout the colonies, die fruits of yoar fidelity and zeal, accepting and aiding the ceaseless labours of our devoted priests. whom we, as pastors of our Lord's nock, have been -able to send among you. Their labour of lore has not been in vain, because you have met them with a welcome, and ministered to them and tlieir objects with a bearfineBB as cheering and btlpful to them, be they were graceful in you, when offered to die servants of such a master as theirs. You have valued them as Missionary priests delight to be valuea, for their work and fnr their Master's sake. Hay the benediction of God test upon yon for it, and may He multiply His graces within your souls'. And now. Dearly Beloved, after careful consideration of the condition and progress of the Church, we find that our solicitnde needs to be yet more urgently, and prori dently. directed to the future. To your readiness in providing for present wants, we willingly testify. We speak of the faithful in general We have *?- lament instances, and many instances, of large income, and stinted contributions. Men of great wealth there are. of great possessions, whose gener osity the Church has never experienced, who seem to ignore their responsibility and their privileges, their obligation and their blessed distinction above their fellows, in being able, through their wealth, to co operate with the Ministers of God in build ing op His Church, with all its appurten ances; in this new land. Oh ! that the senti ment which inspired & king of old, glowed in die hearts of all our people, rich and poor — 'Domine dilexi deeorem domna tun et loenm habitationis glorias fans.' - How, let na near to ibseosrees of Chris tian men's obligation to devote a portion of their substance, not to this nor to that par ticular object only in die length and breadth of God's service, bvrt to its whole extent. 'Latnm mandatnm tnum oimis.' The commandment, O God, is exceeding broad. You know, dearly beloved, that, besides the jnatnxal obUcatiun andeewfcich airudn eon 'ftsi ttWMelve. henna to noder bad: to God in thadagprW^Kml^iaffJflifSr meaMtoHimftomwSomtfieyliavBweetaen aD. aad by whom they b*v» be** constituted stewards or His gifts, there were added, in die elder Church, to the cfaoaen people, a strict precept, requiring not only s stated proportion of their permanent income, but alg6 first fruits. Ton have read, also that is die early Christian Church, many parted with all they had, and laid it in common fkma at On Aoosfle's feet; and you remem ber how there wa. incidentally established die principle, diat property «o offered was to bV hdJTsacred to God's holy service^ under the distribution of His appointed ministers. You have further heard that, in later ages, tiiose ministers decided, at dif ferenttimes sod different places, to make a threefold partidoo of consecrated ^5*?S?' made ftomyear to year by the C aidrful. m die meaiun Tof their devotion, or of the es tablished regulations. This threefold par aeon wsimed one part to die sustentation of die rfthe Bishop and Clergy— a second to the erection of churches, and of G#d« prfjic aerrice in die *ame-ana* third to the support and comfort of the poor How. these things have been done and written for car learning: ?»« Holy Church, mi her ISredScnptima. and fe her later history. P^Senta^ntoyou for your imitation and snidasee, expecting yon to receive themi? QieloTini, imitative, generous spirit of chil tan. n&ereager; to go beyond the. exprts- iedwfll * &w4ear; hotter, than *&&»? bow to fulfil it at least coat. And, thank God, her teaching u so received by numbers. Many and many a time have we' been con soled and edified by the devout spirit of our servant girls, and bumble day labourers, bringing of their hard earnings to the trea sury of God, a sum that in its noble propor tion to their au, went far beyond tithe and first fruits of the ancient Jew, or thecanon ical contributions of later and Cihristi&n; times. VTc offer these also, dearly beloved, as examples calculated to win your emula tion. Everything you see — whether it be in the old Law, or in Gospel record, or in Church History, or in the practice of their simple faithful hearts amongst ourselves, convinces you of the strict obligation of contributing statedly, constantly, to nil the departments of God's service, and not only convinces you of strict obligation, bnt also persuades you to an openhanded. willing, anticipation of Hie Church's wants. Freely you have re ceived — freely give — think of this—referring in your thoughts to the hard-pinched lot, and the cold iron-bound, prospects that for themselves and their children, press upon the men and women of tbe old countries, and comparing it with what you arc enjoy ing, and what yon may hope to enjoy. \ve will not doubt, Dearly* Beloved, that you are ready to accept and cultivate the true Ca tholic spirit ia these regards. But now, receive this our affectionate admonition in regard to that threefold object to which die Church direct* the liberality of Catholics, and the way in which it is to be understood jptiieae early days of die Church in Ans 1st. The Clergy. XTe are not to miacr' ' stand, certainly, the few priests whn are ac tually serving amongst o» ; bnt tbe large in' crease we want, die many we might and ought to. have, if our Ecal be sincere and hearty, and if our spiritual destitution is to be remedied. Under this head comes die pressing necessity of ecclesiastical semin aries, so stronirl v recommended bv the Coun cil- of Trent. In the meanwhile, for those additional, fur those future priests, we need funds for ecclesiastical education, and funds to meet various other expenses. 2nd. Tbe erection of Churches, andtiicpub Hc service of God. By this yon will under stand, if you arc the grateful children of God, not merely churches only but convents, schools, reformatories, hospitals, libraries. Above all. appear pre-eminent the claims of the Cathedrals, or die Mother Church in each Diocese, to your mostgenerons and un tiring love. 3rd. The poor — who are they here? gome there are, certainly, who hare not food and clothing, but our truly poor are they who are passing tlieir lives away from tho minstra tionsnfreiigion.in destitution of sacraments, in ignorance of die principles of Christian belief and practice. These thousands are at present beyond die reach, perhaps, of a Ca tholic oeigbbottr, who might from time to time speak of God's goodness and man's re sponsibility — and you. dear friends, if you do not strive and spend somewhat for their relief— spiribial relief— yon who enjoy your selves die ministrations of religion, then are you indeed, the rich men at whose gates their souls, Lazarus-likc. lie festering. The little ones, too. of our dear Lord — how sad their lot. perishing in spiritual hunger — portrait petkmot, fenrm et noa emit qui fntn gent tit. The children ask for bread, and there were none to break it unto diem ; and thus this third point, in some sort, merges in tho first. This, then, is die fashion of interpretation for Australian Roman Catholics, as regards their obligation of contributing to die ser vice of God ; and we trust that you will not any longer confine yon-cares — if any of you have hitherto so confined them — to your own present wants and immediate needs. Only open your hearts to God's grace in the right spirit, and you will require little urging. Show that yon appreciate the bononr, and die power, which the Providence of Al mighty God has placed iu your hand. Sec die men of die world, how wise, haw ven turesome they are, and forecasting in their ezaa&sk;^mtf™**™ . tirey™kej to as they shall «risel ttm» or noWo rihips ; miles of costly railways; gorgeous banking houses, and places of public resort; prove their fcith in the future. Show, also, your fattb in yonre, and make to yourselves friend* in Heaven, out of that Mammon of iniquity. Another subject about which we are most anxious tiiat you should be rightly in formed and steadfast iu your Catholic prin ciples, is that of die public education of your children, and especially of die children of die poor. It is evident tiiat attempts, are being made to wrest from us our liberty of conscience in this matter, to curtail the freedom in which we bave been able to train our children iu secular learning, quickened by Catholic faith, and guarded by Catholic discipline, in order to submit them to die fetters of what is called Na tional Education. This is a manifest mis nomer. The so-called National Education, or Board of General Education.* is ia truth sectarian, for it is at variance with, die reli gioos feelings of Catholics, that is, a large body of die population, equal to one-fourth or even one-third of the nation — if we may use die term — and it is a persecuting sec tarianism, since it would compel Catholics to accept a system vitally defective, how ever accepted by non-Catholics, who have, of conrse, neither fear nor sense of such deficiency. Catholics do not believe that .die education of a child is like a thing of mechanism, that can be pat together bit by bit. Now a morsel of instruction on religion, ana then of instruction in secular learning— separate parcels, with as littie reciprocal action as have two books on the shelves of a library. We hold, that sub jects taught, the teacher and bis faith, the rule and practices of die school day; — all combine to produce die result which we Catholics consider to be education, and that this desirable resist cannot be looked for without such combined action. Tbe system to which we bave adverted, seems to con sider die child as a receiving machine, and die teacher as an imparting machine, and that here their relations end. It is not so ; tbs human being teaebisK will, by reason of his religion* faitb, iM other qualities, influence the 'human being taught ; tin day with its work and devotions, arranged on & plan consistent throughout with onr faith, will mould one form of character, the day not to arranged irill produce quite another; tiiere is, in die system we depre cate, no unity, no consistency. It is not only defective, it i» corrupting «a fli««ip«t ibK. aod, therefore, foe reasons ohviou to ^n^r^4£lbrmed-MiAHc;w«%ii-i«Marv« for oar children. Catholic schools; GadwJic teachers, and, as fast as we can supply them. Catholic hooks. 'Ho not be seduced out of tbfe4etennination by promises of superior learning for your children! The promises an irain : wurachools can and shall Supply «1] that Cafliolic children could obtain else where. Make your determination known, ?m Hi»t -vonr renreaentatives in Parliament we duly Impressed with it, and choose only those who will respect your religious rights and liberties in dtis most vital point Bo not influenced by pUieible atotementB and appeals to a, false liberality. Catholics mnst secure lor tiieir children, above all things, » religious .education, ud in a matter of so much importance, diey mast nut risk hanraons experiments. Their children may and must iu schools breathe a Cadiolic atmosphere. It wonld be a» wise to take away one.of thecoostilbiftntelemeiits of common air, and drink to maintain die health sad vigour of bronao beings, living in that unnatural -medium, by restoring .TterwaroB the withdrawn jOement. as to .n.w. tm titOftixnUr education for children bvaddiutal one time die religion which hu hew scrt^oualy banUhed at another. oatfetlf oftbe toy, w- **»»?£ swmm* «f Hght saafceatafiwirarfs «ffl produce % gut* dw rigour** taan^jsasertoto . The Divorce Bill, whieu baa, unhappily, passed into law in some of tho colonies, and which lias been ao odiously pressed upon die legislatures of tbe other colonies during die present session, has naturally drawn onr attention afresh to die evils of mixed marriages. This measure adds, you will observe, materially to tiiose evils, inasmuch as it allows, bv human law. a separation which tbe Catholic believes is not allowable by the Divine law, and so exposes the Ca tholic party to be left bound as long as die non Catholic party, who may choose to form other ties, Buall live. Let this added mis chief, dearly beloved, prevail upnn you to renew your aversion and watchfulness against mixed marriages. Ton know bow die Church treat!) them, how she tolerates them only as an inevitable evil, how she stands by at such a marriage, sad, and as if mourning. No holy, all grace-procuring, Mass celebrated : no solemn nuptial bless ing, with uplifted bands, pronounced by the Priest of God. It cannot be that young people, properly trained in affectionate al legiance to Holy Church, duly estimating the graces of which she is the channel, should so lightly permit their thoughts to rest on the beginning of attachments that must end in a drear;' prospect at best, Xxt the obstacle ol a different religion be frankly prononnced by parents an insurmountable one, and the young, accustomed all tiieir lives so to consider it, and sec it considered, arc «r«o ^anger'of allowing themselves to be entangled. It is lie indecision and worldlinoss of parents that create for their children danger, and so we entreat yon to tar the certain evils of mixed marriages. At the best, what must be die result? Hus band and wife divided on tbe most import ant, the most iiifiaentisi, and pervading of all subjects 1 No mutual aid, no common sympathies in celiginn ; religion that gives dignity and safety to their union. As Ca tholics, you believe tin* married state to be a vocation, having its special trials, dangers, hopes, and to meet these, its special graces; and you know it is idle to talk about each party worshipping God undis turbed, according to bis or her conscience. And of the children of such marriages what can we say. even where tbe Catholic con ditioDB are faithfully — as they so frequently arc not — kept ? \Vhat can you in ordinary prudence, expect them to learn, to be ? At the best, perhaps indifferent; born and practically bred in that sub tlest of the modern forms of | infidelity, die notion that an essence of all . religions can be extracted and secured, in abstraction from all positive belief, from all sacrament, within tbe recesses of n man's own breast. ' Dare you do this? Will your children dare to do it, if yon think, and teach them to think of it, as the danger of indifference, of practical infidelity, ought to be thought of. What is it to tempt the goodness of -God if this be not it ? We do hope, dearly beWed, tbat thoughtlessness about consequences, more than unfaithful ness and reckless worldiness, is the cause of so many of these deplorable marriages. We must speak strongly, because we fear greatly ; we can no longer maintain even an apparent silence in tho presence of a grow ing evil ; we dare not see Catholics, were it to gain the whole world, divest themselves, as married people, of great safeguards agoiunt the loss of tbeir own and children's souls. May you, dearly beloved, lay these things to lieart, and may tbe Holy Spirit euligbten and strengthen you. Tbe blessing of God, the Father, the Son, and Holy Ghost, be witii you now and for ever. i JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. t EOBEBT WILLIAM. Bishop of Hobarton. t JAMES ALIFIOS. Bishop of Mel bourne. t JAMES. Bishop of Brisbane. Given at Melbourne, Feast of All Saints, Ifi62. 