THE YELVERTON MARRIAGE CASE. DECISION IN rAVOB OF MAJOR YELVERTON. ? . . This case has now reached adjudication in the ; Scottish courts, judgment having been pronounced ' by Lord Ardmillan, one of the judge- ordinaries, before -whom the case was recently pleaded, at '??'. great length. His Lordship finds that ; Maria Teresa Lonsrworth has not made '? out her claim to be recognised as the ; lawful wife of the defender, the Hon. Major Yel ! Terton. The case has been in dependence now : for three er four years, and, in the course, of the ' proceedings, a voluminous proof has been taken in Manchester, Dublin, and Edinburgh, and an ex ''??' tensive, though incomplete, correspondence has ?'.' also been adduced. The record containing the . pleadings and evidence, forms a volume of 450 \- -... pages. The case is presented in the form, of con : joined actions ; one at the instance of Maria Teresa Longworth, to have it declared that she is the '?'??? lawful wife of Major Yelverton ; and the other ': is an action of 'freedom and putting to silence,' raised by Major Yelverton. In the leading ac 1 tion Maria Teresa Longworth is pursuer. To his ; judgment the Lord Ordinary appends a very lengthened note, explaining, according to custom, ' the grounds of his decision. He sets forth the nature of the case and the position of the parties as follows :— ' The pursuer's grounds of action, ';'/' as Btated in the record, are— 1st. Marriage by the .' interchange of consent deprasenti; 2nd. Marriage '; ? by. promise mbsequmte copula ; 3rd. Marriage by cohabitation, as husband and wife, and habit and * repute; and, 4lh. Marriage in Ireland, in a y Roman Catholic chapel, by a Roman Catholia ~ priest. The defender, on the other hand, denies ' . the pursuer's averments in point of fact ; and he 1 especially denies that there was any interchange of mutual consent to marry, or any promise given by him, or any copula on the faith of such a pro ? ihise, or any cohabitation as husband and wife ; 'with habit and repute, or any marriage cere mony in Ireland valid according to the law of Ireland, or seriously understood and intended by the parties as constituting marriage: Tho defender is the son of an Irish '. nobleman, and is an officer in the Royal ? Artillery. The pursuer is the daughter of a gen tleman, and is a member of a family of respect ability, and there was nothing in her position or connexions to make it unnatural or improbable that she should be honorably courted and ulti mately married by any gentleman. The pursuer is English, and a Roman Catholic. The defender is an Irishman, and a Protestant. The age of the parties is not set forth in the record, and is not precisely spoken to by any witness ; but, in so far as the fact can be ascertained from the proof, it appears that they were very ' near the same age, and were1 probably about twenty-seven years of age when they first met, in 1852; young, cer ? tainly, but not in extreme youth, and neither of ' ' them very simple or unsophisticated, or unac quainted with the world. Major Yelverton had, in 1852, been an officerof artillery for nine years.' The Lord-Ordinary then refers to the circum stances m which the par tieB first inet in 1862, in the Boulogne steamer, ' pointing out the dis crepancies between the statements of the two parties, and expressing the grounds ; oh ?which he is induced to attach more credit to the statements of the defender on this point. He says he has felt compelled to : arrive at the conclusion that the pursuer's state ment, to the effect that their acquaintance was anade by introduction, and through ladies to 'whom she had been introduced, is not correct, '»nd u,that the defender's statement that the ac quaintance was accidental and without introduc ' oion 13 correct. That, some months after this ?pasual .meeting, the pursuer commenced a corres pondence, to which the defender at once replied, sand that their first meeting was so frequently re pealled to the memory of both, not in connexion Tyith aa introduction' from ladies, but in connec tion with the defender's plaid, within the folds -of which the pursuer and defender were wrapped as they sat on deck at night, is one of the first of the peculiar features of this remarkable case. They were both travelling alone; they met by accident ; they 'found each other in the dark ;' and the plaid (which the defender gave to the ?pursuer at her request, and regarding which she afterwards writes, ' I sleep under the plaid every ? night ; it giveB me pleasant dreams and makes me «o happy') was the memorial of their meeting. His lordship next refers to their meeting at Galata in 1855, observing, withregsrd to her correspondence inthe interval, ' Her letters are full of talent and exhibit remarkable dexterity. She says that she aimed at marriage, and it is evident that she did bo— eagerly, adroitly, and pereeveringly gathering from every field the materials for charming and the elements of power. He alludes to his remark in a letter about his intended future, which she transposes to * future intended,' to which he re plies that he has no ? future intended,' but is fianci to an armchair in the United Service Club.' He next adverted to the letter in which the Major says, ' I have no Rubicon beyond which I do not mean to pass if I can.' He goes on to say,— *? There is no deception or disguise in this. When a gentleman in the course of such correspondence as this resolutely refrains from responding to dex terous suggestions, and even direct invitations, to make proposals of marriage — when he tells the lady that he is a confirmed bachelor, and yet has no Rubicon beyond whif-h he does not mean to pass, if he can, then tie has certainly ziven her no encouragement to expect marriage, but, on the contrary, haB said enoughto put her to some ex tent on her guard. The pursuer, who takes the lead throughout all this correspondence, as the most - frequent and the moBt urgent letter \- -writer, -writes a long, letter to the de fender on. the subject of marriage, and of the disappointment, the satiety, and the love of change which sometimes follow marriage, lowing that, even at that early period of their (acquaintance, rather loose views in regard to mar riage were entertained and expressed by the ?^arsaev. . . . The pursuer, in 1855, went out to Constantinople as a bister of charity, and as sisted as fi nurse at the French hospital at Galata. Without vresMng to throw any suspicion on her motives id Joking this step, it does fleem that one of those motives was the hope of again meeting the defender. From Galata she writes to the de fender—' I cannot -»to»d another disappointment, so you must try to let me see you this time ; but ! I warn you, you will have as much to go through i as had Orpheus in search of Eurydice ; and, having no lyre, you must ' Whistle and I'll; — ' but you know the rest of the ditty.' ' Lord Ard millan then refers to the pursuer's statement that at (Mata the defender courted her, and promised marriage, which, the pursutr asked should not take place till hostilities were over, and says, 'There is, however, nothinginthecorrespondence to support the averments of the pursuer in regard to this meeting at Galata. The first letter written by her after the meeting at Gaiata commences thus : — ? Once more lost ! Surely fate is mali- ious beyond measure, or we are bad xteerers of our bark ! Quel tour ette nota joue. What is the use of telling me of any future reality ? You are a ghost, a phantom, a coinage of my brain — that s all ; a bright, loveable one at first, now be coming painful and torturing.' It is scarcely possible that this can have been written imme diately after a scene of affectionate love, ter minating in a formal proposal and a solemn en gagement of marriage, with a postponement only at the writer's own request. The defender, in a letter written in reply to one from the pursuex, in regard to a discovery of thnir intimacy by the Lady Superior at Galata, says ? Still, if there be that in your position that causes these lies to give you inore pain than a cessation of our correspon dence, I say, with pain, let it cease.' ? How I envy your brother in Australia from your des cription. I think I must end in the Rocky Mountains. I never shall get respectable and [word cut out. Defender says the word was ?moral '3 enough for this very old state of so ciety. 1 am really very sorry for it, but amend ment on. that point won't come ; so don't tiust me more than is the due of I hope, a chivalrous savage.' The pursuer replied in W long, clever, arid important letter, in which she says, ' I ask for no amendment, and have little faith, in conversions . I accord to others : the liberty I expect for myself. And then she adds, ? If you are the chivalrous savage I describe, then my faith, has been indeed well planted ; buc your phrase did not read exactly so, but as though you would warn me not t6 trust too much. ' Whatever you meant on this point, I have but one answer to make, — I must trust all or not at all with. you. I can have no half-measures, and, come weal or woe of it, I am prepared to meet it and will make the best of it.' Major Yelverton writes to her,—* 'You are discontented, and I cannot minis ter to your content. You have left the lazaretto, and I aim still in quarantine. Take care ; if you touch me, back you came for the full term of the infected. We must only look at and talk to one another through the bars.' To this pursuer re plies, — -? You are quite right about your fear of infectious disease— it is not only a reality, but worse than the thing feared ; so pray let me touch you and share the infection. I infinitely prefer it to Btanding shivering without the burs. ... If you have the courage to knock down the sentry with loaded arms you may safely trust me to elude or delude my cautiouB friendly ad visers, and in spite of the awful uproar it made, I repeat, ' Whistle, and I'll,' &c.; To this very singular letter the defender replies, in one oi those cautious sentences which are to be frequently mot with in his letters, ' I am sorry we are not friends. What can I do for you? I am in the wcod yet, and must not whistle till I am out.' ' The Lord Ordinary then lefers to their meeting in the Crimea in the hut of General Straubenzee, remark ing that tne scene which the pursuer intone of her leiters describes as having taken place, is quite inconsistent with the idea of an existing engage ment' to marry : — ' Perhaps now you will reproach me with expressing too -much what I feel. It would be quite aB consistent as your complaining of my want of magnetic attraction when in the Crimea It is useless to tell you what attracted me to the Crimea, at the risk of being frozen to death— it is to no purpose recapitulating what secret instinct pointed out to me your little hut — how in spirit I begged and prayed to be let in for mercy's sake, for pity's sake — no, you were invulnerable ; fora whole fortnight you resisted the small plain tive voice — and you must recollect, Carlo mio, that one sad morning forcibly withdrawing your hand from me when my heart was bursting with love and grief — and the touch of that hand was my only Btrength through that fearful trial,,wh'en with one fell swoop jou tore down the cherished dream, of my life.' Accordingly, Lady Strau benzee says — 'My understanding was that any engagement between the pursuer and the defen der was broken : off when she left the Crimea.' Adverting to the correspondence which follows this visit, his lordship says — -«It is in vain to at tempt to disguise that these letters are very warm and very impassioned, both in regard to something past and remembered, and in regard to something anticipated and desired.1 In their retrospect they did not relate to marriage, or to a promise or en gagement to marry. In prospect or aim it may be that the pursuer had marriage in her view, but there is nothing to 1 ad to the inference that the defender then contemplated marriage ; and there is much to lead to the inference that , the alternative of a very different relation than that of married life was present to the mind of the pursuer. The defender, apparently conceiving that the corres pondence on the part of the pursuer had assumed a tone which, taken in connexion with the ?-ir- cumstance of their meeting in the steamer at Balac lava, would make their next meeting very dan gerous — afraid of not being able to control hiB passion if they met, and not desiring to entangle himself beyond recall — wrote to the pursuer from Vienna a letter ?which, like several others, has been produced by the pursuer in a mutilated form, but of which the meaning is sufficiently obvious ?— 'Oara Theresa Mia. — The fraternal scheme was a physical impossibilty. I dreamt it ; and waking, found that ohivalry was not departed, but superseded ; therefore, as I could not be what you wished, I determined not to persist or con tinue in a courue which must end either in con verting me into a modern Tantalus (reading 'woman' for 'water') and thereby making the necessary step from the sublime, or-^-but I need not repeat [cut out or torn off] the alternative,' &c.; This letter is, in every aspect of the present case, important. It cannot be for a moment supposed that it is the letter of a man then engaged in marriage, or contemplating mariiage. It to the letter of a man who, conscious of a passion against which he felt it his duty to struggle, and was afraid of losing his self command if brought into personal intercourse* and who therefore thought himself and the lady safest at a distance.' After quoting letters of the pur suer in which she says, ' You have infatuated, enthralled, bewitched, and maddened me,' and hints at some proposal ' which would have been a gleam of sunshine on my dismal life, and would not have interfered with your liberty, present position, or future prospects.' ' It is,' he adds, 'important to observe that a plan for satisfying her conscience, and yet leaving the defendant free, was in the mind of the purBuer. Still, the de fender does not encourage the pursuer to expect any closer intercourse or dearer connexion. Mar riage is never mentioned between them. His letters to her are frequently cautious and even cold. She calls them ? indifferent, ici- jle letters,' also ' miserable, cold, and cruel as ever.' One more letter by the defender to the pursuer it is neces sary to notice. The conclusion of it is as fol lows :—' You want to know how I make myself at times indifferent. I'll tell you. You mistake an effort of the will for indifference. It is that, knowing I cannot gain on your terms, I will not try on mine (necesbity made). Addio, Carissi ma.'' The construction which theLo-d Ordinary is disposed to put on this letter is— ? I cannot marry you; I will not ruin you.' This construc tion he considers to be quite consistent with the defender's other letters, and particularly with many of the other warnings given to the pursuer. The Lord Ordinary has, with great at tention and anxiety, studied the whole of this cor respondence, and the result at which he has been compelled tp arrive is, that when, in February, 1867, the pursuer and defender met in Edinburgh, where the pursuer followed him, they met as par ties between whom there was then no marriage, no engagement, no promise of marriage, but as parties who had been much attracted towards each other, who had had a few fond meetings, and had written many fond letters — who had thought, perhaps, of marriage, but who had also thought of love without marriage, and intercourse without wedlock. His Lordship, then alludes to the contradictory statements as to what took place in Edinburgh, dismissing as not proved the pursuer's statements as to a secret marriage cere mony in the lodgings there, by reading the Church of England marriage service and mutually acknow ledging each other as husband and wife. He next refers to her statement that, notwithstand ing this ceremony, she refused to cohabit with him until a prieBt of her own faith should per form the ceremony of marriage, and that, he being displeased, she left Edinburgh to avoid him. The defender's statement that illicit intercourse then took place is not, his Lordship thinks, borne out by direct evidence ; but, after quoting from several of the letters written by the pursuer about this period, he says,—' Reading these letters to gether, and considering them with reference to the prior history of the case, and to the conflict ing statements of the parties on the record on this point, it does appear that the letters are more easily reconciled to the averments of the defender than to those of the pursuer. Still, if the separate fact of sexual intercourse in Edinburgh were pre sented on this evidence as essential to the defen der's case, the Lord Ordinary could not hold it to be sufficiently proved. It is not disproved ; it is not inconsistent with the facts proved, or with the correspondence of the' parties; and there are some expressions in the letters which are not unfairly capable of a construc tion pointing to that result. But the burden of proving the averment rests on the de fender, and the Lord Ordinary is not satisfied that it has been instructed. He assumes accord ingly, in the pursuer's favor, that there was no connexion in Edinburgh. But he does not as ,'sume — for on the proof and tte correspondence he'does not believe — that the defender proposed the private marriage to the pursuer in Edinburgh, that the pursuer refused to cohabit with the de fender till she should be married by a priest, and that she left Edinburgh to avoid him. Oi this there is no evidence — no reasonable inference — no probability ; and many of the defender's letters to the pursuer during her residence ' in England between April and July, 1857, which might have tended to explain this matter ; have not been produced by her.' Speaking of the letters written in anticipation of the visit to Ire land, which took place in July, 1857, and of the pursuer's statement on the record that she went there on the invitation of the defender for the purpose of marriage by a priest of her own per suasion, the Lord Ordinary says : — ?' The tone and tenor of theBe letters is very far from indicating those feelings and hopes by when the pursuer's mind must then have been filled if the statements which she has put on record are true. A retrospect of self-reproach, consciousness of a sacrifice for love, a dread of the future, and even a feeling of despair, is the state of mind really indicated. On arriving in Ireland the pursuer was joined by the defender, and it is of very great importance to ascertain what became of them during the period between their so meeting at Wateriord in the end of July and the 15th of August, when they appeared before a priest at Rostrevor. On this important point — namely, the conduct of the parties after they met in Ireland, and before the ceremony at Rostrevor, the proof is conclusive. It is abun dantly established by evidence, of which the strength has only been increased by attempts to create confusion, that the defendant and pursuer occupied the same apartment and the same bed, at the different hotels at Malahide, Newry, and Rostrevor, lrom the 30th of July to the 16th of August, 1857, being before the date of the only proceeding bearing the semblance of marriage which the pursuer has instructed. It is not proved that during that period there was any application to a priest, or any attempt to obtain marriage, till they reached Rostrevor, and it is not proved that there was any reason for such delay. After leading thib life — not matrimonial — for about a fortnight, the pursuer, having secured the services of the Rev. Bernard Mooney, Roman Catholic priest of Kilbroney, near Roa tievor, took the defender to chapel on the 15th of August, 1857, and there, with very slight varia tion of the ordinary form, a ceremony of marriage, according to the ritual of the Roman Catholic Church, was performed between the pursuer and defender. It cannot be maintained successfully i and in this court it is scarcely maintained at all, except to keep the poinf open, that the ceremony I in the chapel constituted, pf itself, a valid mar 1 riage according te the law of Ireland. Assuming ' the fact, which is clearly proved, that the defender | was brought up as a Protestant, entered as o Pro testant in the service, and actually was a Protestant at the date of the ceremony, and for twelve months previous, and that on the occasion.. he .made no profession or declaration to the contrary, then it is beyond doubt that, in this court, aud for the;pur poses of this action, it must be taken as a matter of ? fact that, according to the law of Ireland, there was no valid marriage; Still, the scene en acted inthe chapel at Rostrevor, stripped though it may be of all validity as constituting marriage, or renewing a previous marriage, is a very, serious and distressing incident in this case, and cannot be without weight in considering the effect of the subsequent conduct of the parties. The pursuer and defender did, on that occasion, in the chapel, at the altar, and before the priest, distinctly and unequivocally, amid the most solemn, attendant circumstances, declare in words, that they mutu ally accepted each other as husband and wife. The defender's plea now is, and has been so put, that he .did not intend to deceive, and that he actually did not deceive the pursuer ; for that neither of them meant this proceeding to be really a marriage, or to be more than a device to satisfy her conscience. He says that the solemn words then uttered at the altar were intentionally untrue, and that the whole proceeding Jn the chapel was an empty form, and a mere mockery. It is sad that such a plea should be maintained, and should be required. It is still more sad : that there is too much room for believing that the ? plea is well founded in fact. The defender's ex planation is that the ceremony was a mere device, such as had been frequently suggested by the pursuer, to satisfy her conscience, and yet leave the defender free. He says that it was not in tended to be, or understood to be, really a mar riage. Not only because it is void in law as. con- trary to Act of Parliament, but also, because it was not meant to be truly a marriage, and was accepted . by the pursuer as an arrangement to reconcile her to her position, and yet to leave the defender free, does the defender now profess to deny to this ceremony an effect which he says neither party intended. . . . . . . . Let the relation of the parties to each other at the date of that ceremony, be; considered. The; pur- suer had by that time lost command of the posi tion. She had previously yielded to- the defender, not her heart only, but her per son, and. she had thus withdrawn from the defender a strong motive to desire marriage, and from hcself a strong power to compel it. The ceremony might be to her some sort of satisfaction of her conscience— she, : . , a'jt ... least, seems to have thought so ; but it could not be to the defender a key to the possession of her charms. The defender's conduct in this matter cannot, in any view of it, be justified, or even excused. But the ordinary motives for such a marriage were wanting, and the ceremony, inthe case of a Pro testant, was void. Marriage was not, in point of fact, required to enable him to obtain the gratification of his passion ; and marriage was not in point of law constituted by the ceremony in the chapel at Rostrevor.' The Lord Ordinary then refers to their behaviour together while residing at Edinburgh, in 1857, after their visit to. Ireland, and to the visit to Hull in the end of the year, and to the trip to the Continent in the following spring, to the defender leaving the pursuer at Bordeaux in April, 1858, and to the hints in the pursuer's letters of the expected arrival of a little stranger, who was not, howeter, forthcoming. He proceeds to say?— 'On the 26th of' June, 1858, the defender was married to Mrs Forbes. The pur suer lodged information -with the Procurator Fiscal, accusing the defender of bigamy, found ing on the alleged marriage in Ireland as the ground of accusation, and not mentioning the alleged private marriage in Edinburgh. No pro ceedings against the defender were taken by the Crown. In. August, 1858, the pursuer raised her first action. -of declarator of marriage, in which she did not allege any private marriage in Edin burgh previous to the ceremony in tht chapel at Rostrevor. That action was not proceeded with. The defender raised his action of declarator of of freedom and putting to - silence on the 8th of June, 1859, and the pursuer raised the present action of declarator of marriage, in which she, for the first time, alleges the private marriage in Edinburgh in April, 1857, before going to Ireland. This action was raised on the 13th of January, 1860\. If the Lord- Ordinary has arrived at a cor rect conclusion in regard to the facis of this case, . as instructed by the proof, the correspondence and the record, read and collated together, then the application of the law to these facts is not so difficult as seems to have been supposed. The general principles of the law of marriage in Scotland are clear, simple, and well estab lished.' Marriage may be very loose in point of fact, but the rules of law which govern its consti tution are well defined. Marriage is a consentual contract. Consent alone, if freely, seriously, and deliberately given, constitutes marriage. No cere mony, civil or religious, is necessary. The inter change of mutual consent is sufficient. The ceie bration of the ordinance of marriage in facie ecolesia is the only regular and the most becoming and the best mode of proving the mutual cen sent which con8titut.es marriage. But other modes of proof are recognised as sufficient, the general and permanent rule being that the serious and deliberate consent— -the mutual intention, of the parties to enter into the contract of- marriage— shall clearly appear. Nothing Icsb will suffice. Light words, words of doubtful import; words used merely to give a color to cohabitation, to escape scandal, or to obtain access to lodgings or hotels— these are not sufficient proof of that mutual consent to marry which the law requires, and which must be seriously enter tained and deliberately expressed. -The consent, however expressed, must be, to use the words of Lord Corehouse ' in the case of ''Aitchison,' ' both a deliberate and genuine matrimonial con sent. It must not be a matter of mere Bport or jest, it must not be a mere color for serving some non-matrimonial purpose, or a cover and blind to conceal something which the partieB themselves truly know to be not matrimony;' or, as Lord Moncreiff expresses it, in the case of 'Lowrie v Mercer/ 'there must be legal and satisfaotoiy evidence that mutual consent haB been seriously and deliberately interposed.' . . . ... . Now, applying these rules to the present case, it appears to the Lord- Ordinary clear that there was here no interchange of mutual consent to marry per verba de presenti sufficient in law to constitute marriage. The purBuer did, no doubt, aim at marriage it she could accomplish, it, but the defender did not. He never did in writing express, and within Scotland he never expressed in words, any present indention to marry. The pursuer has altogether failed to prove the expres sion of any such intention. It is next pleaded that marriage has been here constituted by promise subsequente copula. The statement on record is not very distinct on this subject, for it is not alleged when the promise was given, or when the copula followed on it. The aver ments are indefinite and hot satisfactory. This is also a mode by which the interchange of. mutual consent may be proved. Legal proof of promise to marry, and proof that copula followed on the faith of the promise, is to be held to instruct mu tual consent, on the presumption that the promise passed into mutual consent by the act of inter course. Courtship subaequente copula does not of itself constitute marriage; but promise legally proved does, when followed by copuli, constitute marriage. The courtship of a lady by a gentle may, however, be of great force in estimating the probability in construing the meaning of a pro mise'; and tho ^probability of a promise of mar riage may be increased by the eagerness of the gentleman's courtship, and lessened by the eager ness of the lady's advances. But the promise on which an action of declarator of marriage is founded must be proved by writ or oath of the defender.. In the present case there is no written evidence of the existence of any promise to marry. . . . Besides no intercourse on the faith of any such promise has been proved. In regard to the pursuer's next plea, that there'; was marriage constituted by the Irish ceremony, it is only necessary to say that the validity of that marriage depends on the law of Ireland ; and that in this court, and for the pur poses of this action, the Lord Ordinary is bound to take the law ' of Ireland as matter of fact ac cording to the evidence of the learned jurists who have been examined. The defender has been proved to be a Protestant at the date of that cere mony, and according to the law of Ireland, as proved by the testimony of Dr Battersby and Dr Walsh, a ceremony of marriage celebrated by a Roman Catholic priest between the pursuer, a Romam Catholic, and the defender, a Protestant, ib absolutely null and veld to all intents and pur poses. The only vemaining plea for the pursuer is, that marriage was contracted by 'cohabitation as husband and wife, and habite and repute.' This is, undoubtedly, a mode of constituting mar riage known to our law. Cohabitation aa hus band and wife— in other words, their apparent treatment of each other in a manner consistent with the conjugal relation and no other, causing them' to . be habite and repute man and wife — is considered in law as sufficient proof of the deliberate ' mutual consent which makes matrimony. The two elements of this proof, however— namely, the fact of co habitation as husband and wife, and the reputa tion thereby created— must both be instructed ; thtf one will not do without the other. The habite and repute, as it is termed, or the general belief ©f the existence of marriage between the parties, is held to be an indispensable evidence of the concurrence of all the minute circumstances in the treatment of the parties by each other from which their relation as husband and wife is to be gathered. The cohabitation which the law re quires must be such cohabitation as husband and wife as creates a general belief of marriage. The consorting with the 7iew to concubinage, under color of professed marmge, is not the cohabita tion which law requires. It must be open and avowed cohabitation, as in the relation of husband and wife. The using a false name, and especially the use of a maiden name, is most un'avorable to to the plea of cohabitation. Besides, a divided repute or a limited repute, confined to a narrow sphere, while elsewhere an opposite repute exists, is not sufficient. In this case, apart from the mere color assumed to escape scandal and pro cure admission . to lodgings and hotels, there has ' been no habite and repute at all. The cohabitation of the parties, such as it was, did not create a general belief m their marriagb. There was no such general belief; ?neither relatives, nor friends, nor neighbors seri ously believed, as the result of open conjugal co habitation, that these parties weie husband and wife.- This is, indeed, the probable result when it ia part of the pursuer's case that the marriage was secret. Where it is alleged by the pursuer that the marriage was secret, not to be made known by the conduct or the declarations of the parties, it must be very difficult indeed to prove Euoh a marriage by cohabitation and habite and repute. A marriage may be validly constituted, though it be perfectly secret, or it may be commu nicated to a few persons only, and concealed from all others; but in Buch a case there will be no con jugal behaviour to create a general belief, and the marriage must be constituted in some other way than by cohabitation and habite and repute.' Lord Ardmillan concludes as follows: — 'This judgment has been reaped after much anxiety, and not without sympathy for the sad fate of the pursuer, but with a clear conviction that it ib according to the truth of the case. For the con duct of the defender there can be no excuse ; but he was not the seeker, the seducer, or the betrayer of the pursuer.. The story of the pursuer — her oharms, her talent, her misfortune.-even the in tense and persevering devotedness of the passion by which she was impelled — must excite interest, pity, and sympathy ; but she v/as no mere girl, no simpleton, no stranger to the ways of the world, no victim to insidious arts. She wus not deceived. She fell with her own consent. Ap plying to the ascertained facts the rules of In a Scottish Law of. Marriage, the Lord-Ordinary has found it impossible to arrive at any other conclusion than that the pursuer has not in structed that ahe is the lawful wife of Major Yelvertbn.' Against the above judgment a reclaiming peti tion was on Saturday presented to the First Divi sion of the Court, whose decision will be subject -to appeal to the House of Lords. — 'Times, 7th July. Horn Pens. — PenB have been and are made of reeds, quills, steel, brass, copper, hard india rubber, glaBB and gold ; and to theae M. Evans andE. Concftnnon have added pens made of horn. The horn is first heated, then re lied out under pressure into sheets ; alter which it is cut out by a stamping 'machine into the bkiiksi of pens of any Buitable size. These blanks are then softened by steam, placed in dies, the slits made in them, and the proper Bhape given. — English Paper, 