W&.?wfi$t* I, - , - .. - THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1862. 1 j was-. assess ; i . . 2 The selection of land fitted for agricultural purposes is a matter fraught with the most important results to a colony like this. Upon the wisdom of the selection depends the prosperity of a primary branch of industry. It is requisite for us to bear in mind, that, when an immigrant who wishes to settle on the soil, arrives in this colony, he is totally unin- formed as to the nature of the land included in the agricultural reserves; and ?',when*he finds that a certain tract of country has been marked off for sale by the Government in farms varying in extent; he; as a stranger, would naturally imagine that all were suitable for his purpose. Accordingly, he would select a spot on the map adjacent to other lots which had been disposed of, and, on the mere faith of this land having been judiciously selected by the Government as fit for cultivation, he would purchase it. On personal examination and our quiry, he would be led to the conclusion that he had bought a pig in a poke ;" but of what avail would be his protests- tions 1 His money or his land orders gone, he would be powerless, and the only satisfaction remaining to him would be that he was " a freeholder " in a free colony." This latter distinc- tion is doubtless worth securing under certain circumstances, but not at the expense of a man's prospects in life. The Survey Office has gained credit lately for being more alive to the public requirements which such an establishment is intended to supply ; but this of praise has been accorded not so much in consequence of, actual merit, as on account of the activity displayed latterly in comparison- with previous lethargy. The most energetic action on the part of that office will, however, be merely homoeopathic in the value of its results, if it should only lead to the survey of " agricultural farms in localities where agriculture is but of the question. The colony professes to be desirous of encouraging the influx of population by every means, so long as the immigrants are of the right class; and all sorts of inducements are supposed to be held out to " small capitalists" and others, whose permanent settlement upon the public lands it is desirable to encourage. It is questionable whether the best means are being employed to bring about the results so much required. The marking off and survey of an agricultural reserve on Facing Island, for instance, was scarcely creditable either to the skill and intelligence of the persons who selected it as a suitable spot for agricultural purposes, or to the character of a Government anxious to acquire a reputation for good faith and honorable dealing; but we fear that Facing Island is not alone among the selections of Government surveyors in its unsuitability. The question has often been asked Who " decides on the locality of the reserves 1" but we are. not aware that it has ever been satisfactorily answered. To leave to a gentleman whose principal merit consists in his ability to draw rectilinear lines upon paper, the option of choosing the site for an agricultural settlement, appears absurd in the extreme, but it is not a whit more absurd than the reality. In the earlier days of Moreton Bay history, the soil and climate were declared unfit for the cultivation of rice because Patna prepared for curries:.) would not grow when planted; and it would probably suit the purposes of a; many individuals if the colony were pronounced. unfit for agriculture because many of the "farms" sold by the government proved to be barren and unfruitful. If the Government are' really sincere in their oft-reiterated desire to encourage the settlement of an agricultural population, let them see to it that the reserves are not laid down among quartz ridges, tea-tree swamps, or stiff clay flats. Mistakes of this kind have already been made too often, and if the authorities are anxious to avoid a repetition of such fatal blunders, let them select a person of large experience in agriculture, and of unimpeachable character, and place upon his shoulders the responsibility of selecting the best sites for agricultural reserves in those districts where they may be required, Continue to trust in the wisdom of " licensed surveyors," and we shall still find that the area of unsold surveyed land open to selection out measures the said in the aggregate. The Government, or the Survey Office whichever the reader please have yet to learn that there is a peculiarity of meaning in the, word agriculture." Those who have paid any attention to the Sydney news, as it has reached us. from time to time, during the last twelve months, will have become familiar with what was until recently known as the Bentley Mystery, but is now by many regarded as a mystery no longer. Mr. Bentley's relative, we believe, of the famous publisher of that name? occupied a good social position in the neighbouring colony, holding the appointment of secretary at the Union Club. His wife, said to be a lady of great refine- ment and highly accomplished, gave lessons in music to young ladies, and was held in much esteem amongst the numerous families with which she associated. Such was the position of affairs when, about a year ago, a system of annoyance is said to have commenced, having for its apparent object the ruin of Mrs. Bentley's reputation, for no other reason that could possibly be gathered save that of professional rivalry. An anonymous correspondence was started and carried on with impenetrable secrecy and unfaltering diligence. Ladies and gentlemen, whose daughters were taught by Mrs. Bentley, received letters, warning them against her as an immoral person ; while at the same time anonymous or fictitious letters were said to have been sent to certain gentlemen to lead them into positions likely to throw suspicion upon the lady; and even Mrs. Bentley herself was made to play a part, in the diabolical scheme. For instance, -a- gentleman' whose daughter was taught by this lady received a letter informing him that she had made an assignation with a gentleman at Woolloomooloo that evening, and at the same time a false letter was sent to Mrs. Bentley, as from a lady residing in that quarter, and with the manifest purpose of luring her there to give color to the slander. In short, the most diabolical ingenuity and an tiring industry appeared to be devoted to this abominable conspiracy. The case was first placed in the hands of Mr. Bentley's friends, and subsequently handed over to the detective police, but all the acumen of Harbison and his men proved insufficient to unravel the mystery. The secret persecutor was said to have found admission to Bentley's house, to have secreted himself in a loft over the bed-room, to have met and assaulted Mrs. Bentley in the suburbs of the city, to have been near, hovering, watching, threatening, at all hours, by day and night and in short to have exhibited such extraordinary and super- natural powers as to create a state of constant terror. All -at once, while the detective officer was following the dues and windings of this mysterious case, a new light struck him. This he followed up, and pushed with all the vigour and intelligence he" could command; and the result was the satisfaction of his own mind that the mysterious persecu- tors of the Bentley's were none' other than the Bentley's themselves ! It certainly was a strange conclusion to arrive at strange indeed that two persons of respectable ¦ social position, and whose very existence depended upon the maintenance of an unsullied reputa- tion, should spend money, labour, and all this ingenuity for the purpose of dis- seminating slanders about themselves. On the other hand, the extraordinary cases of imposture that have occurred, before and since the famous Cock Lane Ghost, are many of them inexplicable on the score of benefit to be gained. ? A morbid craving for notoriety, accompanied, perhaps, in this case, by the expectation that public sympathy and interest would be powerfully drawn towards the victims of the alleged persecution, may be sufficient to account for this extraordinary series of impostures. It is now found that this is not the first occasion on which the lady in question has been before the public as the victim of a. mysterious persecution. Some years ago, when a girl, and residing with her family at Exeter, in England, she informed them that she had been seized and dragged into an unoccupied house, and there compelled to take an oath that she would become a Roman Catholic. It is further stated that, shortly after this, a stone was thrown into her bedroom window, accompanied by a slip of paper : containing some, allusion to the Council of Trent. Probably some of our readers may be able to recall these extraordinary occurrences, or alleged occurrences, to mind. They were said to have happened at Exeter at the close of the year 1850, and a correspondent has supplied a Sydney journal with extracts from an Exeter paper of the period, de- tailing in full the deposition of the young lady, then Miss Julia Mark, before the Mayor of Exeter. The violent and threatening letters said to have been sent to her in order to terrify her into silence are exactly of the same tone and character as those said to have been more recently received by her in Sydney. It is reported that detective officers were employed at Exeter and that they came to the conclusion that the hole in the pane of glass reported to have been caused by throwing the stone had been made from the inside. Mr. Bentley earnestly and indignantly protests against all these ' conclusions, and declares himself anxious for the fullest investigation. It is worthy of note, however, that the Empire newspaper has offered to publish Inspector Harbison's, report in full, so that Mr. Bentley may make as full a reply, if he will authorise such publication. To this challenge he appears to have made no response. Such are the particulars of this extraordinary affair, which seems to have created much speculation in Sydney. The mind can hardly compass the degree of wickedness and deceit that must be necessary for the carrying out of such an abominable plot, and it would be grateful to humanity if any new light could be thrown upon the subject; in order to remove the. damaging suspicions which now rest so heavily upon persons who but recently occupied positions of the highest respectability. "Letters from Rome announce the shooting of OMavpne and two of his lieutenants, 