NEWS AND NOTES, BY A SYDNEY MAN. COXVII. THE Telegraph keeps up her blue peter, and, I hope, her pecker, of which she may have need if she goes, as advertised, to-night, for she will probably have a rough sea to run in, though it rolls astern. They say that we follow our Victorian neighbors in many things, and assuredly we do in gales, " when the wind is southerly." Our last week's news contained many references to the boisterous weather that had prevailed down South, from the time when the Adelaide mail boat upset and the contractor was drowned, to the close of the week just passed. All the creeks in Victoria appear to have been flooded, and the low lands swamped. At Warrnambool, according to the local piper, " during the continuance of the gale, tbe wind blew with most fearful violence, doing damnge to most buildings which were not very substantial. Trees in the bush" have been uprooted, farms com- pletely flooded, roads torn up, and altogether the whole face of the country presents a universal scene of desolation. All the creeks are flooded, and the Hopkins and Merri are greatly swollen ; in fact, we hear that the latter river has risen as high as the great flood in December last, with every prospect of a further rise. As might be expected, farming operations are partly stopped, and if the present weather continues, we fear serious injury will result to the new crops." From the southward and westward of our own colony we heard of intense cold. At Braidwood a fierce westerly gale was fol- lowed by a fall of snow that covered the ground in all directions, At Orange, beyond Bathurst, six inches of snow remained for some time on the ground, and the summits of the ranges were covered with it. On Satur- day night we had the gale here in full fury -whistling, howling, and roaring so as to give tho idea of the evil spirits of hanged pirates riding on the winds, and venting curses upon the stoppage of their trade by the interference of the useful official who choked them. All day yesterday, and most of last night, the fun was kept up. I hope it may prove nothing more serious. The Rangatira, bound for Melbourne, had to put back to this port, and there is a rumour that our famous " pilot" boat, the Sea Witch, has disappeared in some mysterious manner- some say run up to Parramatta for shelter. People here have generally called to mind the melancholy fact that the Dunbar was lost just five years ago this month, and un- pleasant anticipations of bad news after these gales have not been wanting. We must hope for the best. To-day the sky is clear, and iAeolus is almost mute. The thoughts of the Dunbar were all the more ready to the mind from the fact that only last week the weather here was so fine that Mr. M'Nab, the diver, paid another visit to the wreck. He could not find the anchors and chains, but he sent "up several large lumps of concrete matter, consisting of copper coins, knives and forks, shears, bones, leather, and coffin furniture, &c.; ; also, several large copper bolts, all mixed together in a most extra- ordinary manner." Last week, also, a relic of the wrecked ship Catherine Adamson, was picked up. It consisted of the stem of the ship with the name complete, which is wedged under an overhanging rock, a little to the southward of the flagstaff at the Quarantine Station. " It rests in nearly the same position as when the ship was entire ; and strange to relate, the full length figure- head is firmly wedged in at the lower part of the stern-frame." As we followed suit after Victoria in the matter of wind and storms, so also have we done in the business of fires. At Williamstown, on the 29th of last month, a conflagration oc- curred which destroyed several of the princi- pal houses. Several buildings were torn down, and the greatest exertions were used to prevent the fire spreading. The value of the properties destroyed is estimated at about £4500, some portion of which is covered by insurance. The greatest loss falls upon Mr. Gibbs of the Ship Hotel, who was not in- sured. Accordingly, we had also a fire in Sydney yesterday morning. It broke out in Bank Court, where numerous stores filled with combustible and inflammable goods are crowded together, with the kitchens of the houses fronting King and George streets. The stores of Messrs. Row (chemists), Weekes and Co (ironmongers), and others, suffered more or less, The Empire says : "At the inquest probably something will transpire as to the cause. Messrs. Row's stock was insured for £8000, viz., £5000 in the London and Liverpool Insurance Com- pany, and £3000 in the Northern Insurance Company. The store itself belongs to Joseph Simmons, Esq., and is insured for £1500 in the Sydney Insurance Office. Messrs. Weekes and Co. are fully insured in the Al- liance, Liverpool and London, and Sydney Insurance companies. Cohen Brothers were also insured in the Victoria Insurance Com pany for £1600." Perhaps, next to these matters of imme- diate occurrence, the most noteworthy events are those connected with the career of Mr. Francis Gardiner, who, if ambitious of fame, may rest upon bis laurels now, for helms plenty. His wax effigy is exhibited in Syd- ney and Melbourne, all the police of Vic- toria and New South Wales are dodging him, yet for the present he is, to all appearance, still roving at large in the merry greenwood, or rather brownwood. One time he is supposed to be grabbed in Victoria ; at another he is hiding in the ranges near the pinnacle. A correspondent writing from Bathurst to a country paper says that a per- son of his acquaintance, on last Friday week, saw the ruffian Gardiner at Bigga, not far from Fogg's house. At the time he was seen (he adds) and spoken to ! he was seated upon the ground, in a state of serai-drunken- ness, and was armed to the teeth, having four revolvers stuck in his belt, with two others lying on the ground before him. There appears to be no doubt about the matter, as the person who saw him has known him for more than twenty years. Assuming, therefore, that Gardiner was really seen at Bigga, it is scarcely probable that he had anything to do with the robbery, as, no doubt, he would have been one of the first to have joined in the rescue of the two men taken from Sir Frederick Pottinger." The particulars of the capture of the two bushrangers, and the shooting of a third, near Yea station, Victoria, have now reached us. Constable Buck, with some assistance, had at first attempted to arrest them at their camp, but they made a desperate resistance, and escaped for the time, but Mr. Grant, a settler who was assisting Buck, watched the Bushrangers while the constable went for more aid :-"In a very short time (says the report) Buck returned with Mr. George Grant and a Mr. Walker, and coming up with Mr. Grant, senior, learned the robbers had only just started up the river, having entered some scrub. Chase was given, and, after riding about a mile the fugitives were sighted, in a stockyard, as if preparing to cross the river. They then again took flight, the supposed Gardiner leading, the tallest man being in the middle. Buck called out to them to surrender, but, no notice being taken of the summons, he stopped and fired at the first man, without doing more, however, than carrying away a piece of the shoulder of his coat. He again snapped the trigger of his gun, but the cap missed fire. He then told George Grant to fire and take sure aim. His gun was fired accordingly, and the second man, the tallest, fell backwards to the ground, the ball having passed in at the back, through the heart, and finally lodged in a woollen muffler. The other two still rode on, but on coming to a place where the bank of the river was low, the foremost went into the river for the pur- pose of crossing. Owing to his being much encumbered with blankets, and other things, however, he was able to make" but little progress, and while he was attempting to free himself from his superfluous luggage, Mr. Walker got up with him, and just as the man was ahout to get his pistols, Walker struck him a blow on the head, stunning him, and then held his head under water until he was nearly drowned, when he was brought to shore. The third man still refused to surrender, but was finally com- pelled to do so, by constable Buck knocking him from his horse with the butt end of his gun. The two prisoners were then fastened together, and escorted to Yea, where the body of the deceased man was also con- veyed. Walker was slightly hurt in the chin by the end of the supposed Gardiner's pistol striking him." It has since been ascertained that these men did not belong to Gardiner's gang. The latest on the subject of the arrest of bush- rangers in the south is the following: " Information was received at the detective office that two men, supposed to be connected with the Lachlan escort robbery, had been apprehended near Echuca by the Echuca and Moama police. A third man escaped, owing to the darkness of the night ; he swam across the Campaspe river immediately after his mates were arrested. Previous to his jumping into the river he snapped a pis- tol at constable Aughney, of the Now South Wales police; the constable fired at him while he was swimming over, and is sup- posed to have wounded him. The following description is given of him :-He appears to be about twenty-two years of age, is of a sallow complexion, five feet six inches or seven inches high, and of a slight build ; he had the appearance of a stock-rider, and is supposed to be a Sydney native ; he wore a flannel shirt and cabbage-tree hat, may be riding a spirited bay horse, and is likely to make for Sandhurst. The only property taken of any value was four horses, two of which were found in the prisoners' pos- session." In the meantime the robbers of the northern mail from Tamworth remain still at large. The police had returned without finding any traces of them. Some interesting particulars of the late expedition on the Zambezi, for the purpose of reaching Dr. Livingstone, have been pub- lished. I cannot help giving your readers two extracts from the narrative of the boat expedition on that river, when Miss Mac- kenzie and Miss Burrell appear to have suffered so severely in their attempts to join their husband and brother. I think there used to be two mosquitos somewhere in More- ton Bay, on hot, " muggy" nights, and that one of them lived near " Frog's Hollow"-a big fellow, with a trumpet nose, and a tongue or proboscis as sharp as the unruly member of a venomous woman. But Moreton Bay mosquitos might pale their ineffectual fires before those of the Zambezi. Here's a sketch of those African prodigies :-" One night we took a wrong passage and found ourselves in the cul de sac of a large lagoon. After fruitless attempts in the dark to extri- cate ourselves, we anchored, where we flat- tered ourselves the mosquitos would not molest us, but we had not been there very long when they swarmed off in myriads. I never saw anything like it. You plastered them on your face every time you put your hands up, which was every moment, and caught, them by handfuls. Our men were nearly driven mad, and suffered tortures. We had great difficulty to prevent them jumping overboard. Sleep was totally out of the question ; their noise resembled fifty hives of bees let loose in a close room. When daylight broke and they left us, every one was like a plum pudding in the face. Mrs. Burrup was hardly recognizable. I suffered least of all. All along these marshes no natives were to be seen, and it was not till we cleared them that villages came gra- dually in sight. It was a hard job to get the natives down, for they were the most timid race I had yet seen, They were very shy, and ran away as the boats touched the banks. It was only after hanging on for a while, and showing ourselves, that they would venture near. They then approached by pairs till a number collected, armed with bows and arrows, spears, and knives. They were a fine race, and quite dandies with with regard to their hair; every one had his own fashion, tying it up in small knots all over, bringing it up like a cock's comb, plaiting in grass and trash of all sorts. The various modes would be too numerous to enumerate. The women adopt the ugly practice of splitting the upper lip and in- serting a piece of bone, ivory, or metal, sometimes as large round as a penny, and extending the lip for two or three inches at right angles to the mouth-a most unbecom- ing ornament, which quite disfigures some that might otherwise be called good- looking." After all, I think an apprenticeship in Queensland would not be a bad preparation for an encounter with the Zambezi army of tormentors. I have seen the air almost darkened with big green flies about the north head of the Clarence under Cun- ningham's Gap, and it is an actunl fact that those fellows would dig their red-hot prongs into you through thick riding trousers. I hope they have become more hospitable and civilised of late years. The lively writer of the narrative I have quoted from gives the following amongst the rest of his sketches:-"The Zambezi, so far, is very tame ; nothing but banks of long rank grass, with here and there a solitary palm rising its head like a ghost; but the Shire is very different, with good scenery all through. We found the marshes full of elephants and hippopotami. Many shots were fired, and some legs of the former broken, but owing to the nature of the ground and our limited time they could not be followed. In some parts of the river the hippopotami are very dangerous, and often capsize large canoes. I was one night chased by a hugo bull; he came roaring after me. Fortunately, I had a fine breeze and went too fast; the gig was coming up after me; he made for her, dived with the intention of rising under her and smashing her with his foot, as is the playful custom of those gentlemen, but she was going along too fast, and he rose about six feet astern of her. I was fortunate with water- buck, and knocked over nearly a dozen. I was astonished at the tenacity of life in these animals ; I have seen a buck walk off after I had struck him in the shoulder with a Jacob's shell; I saw it hurst inside of him-the same with another, and the smoke issuing out of him by puffs as he bolted away like a locomotive engine." Dr. Lang's resolutions in favor of affording some such inducements to immigration as are granted in the Queensland Land Act, came on for dhcussion yesterday in the Assembly. Mr. Robertson-a firm political friend and admirer of Dr. Lang's-nevertheless firmly opposed the resolutions. It may be worth your while to consider whether he was cor- rect. In some of his reasons for this opposi- tion. He said:-"The honorable and reverend member stood almost alone in favor of this policy. He thought the policy was introduced into Queensland at the dicta- tion of his honorable and reverend friend. He (Mr. Bobertson) well remembered that this was a favorite policy of his honorable friend even before the days of the " Deil's dozon." And he (Br. Lang) had been anxious to introduce such a system as this into Queensland ; but the Government of that colony had found it necessary to make a change every month. They found that the plan worked badly. It might be that in Queensland they had not as yet many people who came over to this colony. He (Mr. Robertson) however, believed the reverse, that a very large number of people had come over into New South Wales after having their passage paid to Queensland. It was a colonist's own interest to do so. He found the best way to make a home for himself was to come over the border. Wben an immi- grant came to Brisbane with a £30 land order in his pocket, he found there were brokers in Queensland with regular establish- ments for buying these land orders. It was bad enough for the State to lose half tho money. These land- orders for £30 wore commonly sold at £15. The immigrant then had £15 in Brisbane. Which was the best way for him to secure a home ? If he came southward into this colony he could arrive at good land as near in New South Wales as in Queensland. He must go eighty miles north or west in Queensland to get good land, and the same distance would bring him into New South Wales. If he came south he paid £15 for deposit, and got four times as much land as he could in Queensland. It was, therefore, better for them to come into this colony. They were coming here. No doubt the Mayor of Brisbane made light of it. But there was an extraordinary amount of rivalry between the colonies. That people would come over from Queensland into New South Wales he had no doubt whatever. There was another matter to which he thought the honorable and reverend member had not given that amount of consideration that was due. If land was given to new immigrants, why were not native-born colonists to receive a similar benefit ? He put tho case that twenty-five years ago, there were two young men, brothers, recently married. One of them came out to this colony at his own expense ; the other remained in the mother country. Both had now large families; and the one who had remained at home the twenty-five years came out. Then of the two families, one would get a large free grant of land, the other would get none at all. Would that give fair play to the native-born colonists? He did not understand such a policy as this." The debate was but short. Robertson made rather a tedious speech, and was fol- lowed by Piddington, whon a division was somewhat suddenly taken, and the resolu- tions wero lost by a majority of 15 to 10. His Excellency Sir John Young returned last Tuesday from an excursion he had made to the Southern coast district-Wollon- gong, Kiama, and Bellambi-where he was well received and entertained, and found cause to be delighted with his journey. The Pioneer has returned to port from her Northern voyage. Let us all congratulate Captain O'Reilly upon his escape from that nine-pounder which the too excitable lieu- tenant in command of H.M. ship sent across his bows. What a joke, if the A.S.N. Co.'s officer had returned the compliment ! A little bit of an encounter, after the manner of the Monitor and the Merrimac, would have been quite an agree- able diversification of the affairs of More- ton Bay. Fancy O'Reilly coming up to the wharf with the Pioneer in tow as a lawful prize, and the Company's flag flying at her peak over the blue ensign ! I wonder what the Pioneer wanted ? Pos- sibly the purser was running short, and it was proposed to make a raid on the steward's pantry. The civilian captain was quite right to pay no attention to this request of the in-civilian lieutenant, seeing that the appetites of his passengers were under his proper protection, and it was his duty to stave off banyan day as long as possible. The Registrar-General, after sixteen months "incubation" (as the Empire calls it), has laid the census papers on tho table. Such a mass of unperusable bosh ! It oc- cupies seven hundred pages of foolscap, closely printed with figures. Perhaps there is no greater humbug of the present day than the statistical humbug. I don't mean individually, but scientifically, if you choose to call it so. It is very hard to get at the results of all these figures, but when you have found them, they prove to be that on the 7th of April, 1861, our population con- sisted of 350,860 souls-a fact of which we were apprised about a year ago. The Ministerial break-up in Queensland has hardly occupied that amount of attention hore which the importance of the principle involved had appeared to claim for it. The general response to any remark with refer- ence to extraordinary matters in the North is simply a laugh,and the observation," Oh, they do as they like there!" I should sup pose, however, that a Cabinet such as that of Queensland, with Mr. Mackenzie out, and Mr. Herbert in England, could hardly be pronounced very strong. Mr. Mackenzie's action in the matter seems only open to this objection-that he temporised and ne- gotiated too long, evidently giving hopes, however unintended, that he would yield at last. There have, however, been rumors long current in Sydney, to the effect that there was a settled design to make Mr. Mackenzie's position uncomfortable. Whoever may have lost by this retirement, there can be no doubt but that strength has been gained for any healthy, intelligent opposition. We have no news as yet of the Treasurer's office having been filled up, and it is rather puzzling to guess who will be the new man, though there can be no scarcity of raw material. We have some later news from Auckland, but there is not much in it. A correspon dent, evidently one of the " Burleigh nod' order, writes to say:-"The Raglan road is to be carried on in spite of the King party. Mr. Rogan returned thence a fortnight back, being unable to carry on his operations. Captain Macgregor, late of tho 65th regi- merit, is appointed resident magistrate in Lower Waikato, in the place of Mr. Armi- tage, who resigned some time back. Captain Macgregor is also to carry on the Raglan road. This may result in anything from war downwards." A vessel from Port de Franco brings intel- ligence that the newly-appointed Governor of New Caledonia, Captain Guillain, had taken formal possession of the Government, with the usual military display, and cries of " Vive l'Empereur!" The local paper says -"A little detachment, consisting of two gens d'arms, a corporal, and six soldiers of the native force, areengaged in making tour of the island, coastwise. They are commanded by Lieutenant Marchant, who reports, from the banks of the Tontouta, that all aro in good health. They had, however, encountered very unfavorable weather, and had experienced much hardship. The na- tives met with were found to be friendly." A letter in one of the dailies a few days since, suggested that the three hundred French soldiers who had arrived here en route to New Caledonia, should be invited to parade with the Sydney Volunteers, at a review to be held in the Domain. It would be a sight worth seeing, but no response is made to the suggestion, and perhaps this is prudent. It will be remembered that when, some months ago, a large number of British Volunteers proposed to visit Paris, the pro- ject was abandoned in accordance with judi- cious advice, it having been found that the French military viewed the Volunteer enrol- ment as a direct threat to France, and had expressed their intention, if the citizen sol- diers crossed the, channel, to " cut their combs" for them-or, in other words, to insult them. It would be well to avoid any risk of personal misunderstanding of this kind. Wo are, nevertheless, to have a battle to- morrow, though of the precise hour and whereabouts of the same, I, not being up in the secrets of the., P. R., remain ignorant. The contest is between " Jack Sul- livan and Dave White," for £500 a-side. " Jack Sullivan" is a gentleman with a head like a bull-dog, and of small and compact make", like the same, and he keeps a " public," in Pitt street, rejoicing at present in the title of Champion of New South Wales. " Dave White " I have not the honor of knowing. It seems, from our sporting authority in Sydney, that the coming event has created no small sensation. "Judging from the arrivals by the Wonga Wonga and the Rangatira " (says that journal) "the interest taken in the forth- coming mill must have extended to Victoria. Among the notabilities recently arrived, are Bob M'Laren, Champion of California and of Scotland (known in London as Peter Craw ley's young Big'un) and Tom Curran, the present Champion of Victoria. Rumor assigns to these celebrated pugilists the offices of seconds in the ensuing tourney, and if so they will doubtless be on young Sullivan. Dave White has been taking his breathings on the Plains between Orange and Bathurst, and will be ' waited on ' by Bill Bouch and Bill Cleghorn." You will observe, therefore, that Sydney is at present in the enjoyment of the company of several distinguished visitors. The late Sub-Treasurer at Castlemaine, Thomas Beagley Naylor, has been sentenced to four years on the roads, for the embezzle- ment of gold, of which he was convicted. He was unable to address the court, but had prepared a written paper, which was read by his counsel, as follows:-"May it please your Honor,-With feelings of the deepest shame I acknowledge my guilt. I alone am guilty. I shall not presume to weary your Honor by any attempt to ex- plain the circumstances surrounding the commission of my crime, nor offer any vague excuses for my sin. This much, however, I would beg to be allowed to say. For a long time past I have suffered fear- fully from painful depression of mind and body, originating in a pecuniary embarrass- ment, long-continued illness, and eventually death in my family. I have even now, after many weeks of reflection and self examination, but a dim recollection of the circumstances connected with the actual commission of the crime. Of this I feel certain-that in my miserable condition I suffered myself to be deluded by the vague thought that at some future period, before the detection of the guilty act, I might be enabled to replace the gold I abstracted from the treasure intrusted to me, and so escape from outward shame and punishment. It was this hope which caused me to preserve the label of the abstracted parcel. Wisely and mercifully it was or- dained for me that my guilt should be detected, and a stop be put to the life I was pursuing. I feel most sadly that I deserve no pity; yet, for the sake of others, I beg for mercy. For years of the time spent in Castlemaine I bore an unblemished reputa- tion. Those who knew me then will testify that I was ever ready to promote the welfare of the town and my fellow-citizens ; and it is well known to many, that in every effort for good I was engaged in, I was always sup- ported and counselled by my wife. Upon her - noble, generous, and tender-hearted - and upon my young and helpless family, my guilt has brought ruin and indescribable affliction. For their sakes, I plead for a merciful sentence-one that will enable me yet to repair, as far as in me may lie, the awful wrong I have done to them, and an opportunity to show my country, whose laws I have broken, that I am not lost. I now stand before your Honor ready to atone for the violation of the law by a contrite submission to the sentence your Honor, in the exercise of your just judgment, may pass upon me." Two capital cases have lately been tried at the Geelong Circuit Court, both ending in verdict of acquittal. The following are brief statements of the particulars : Richard Jenkins pleaded not guilty to the charge of having, on the 8th of July, 1861, murdered his wife, Catherine Jenkins, by administering arsenic to her. His Honor having summed up, the jury retired at eight o'clock, and ten minutes afterwards returned into court with a verdict of " not guilty." The prisoner, who had preserved the "utmost composure during the trial, was then dis- charged from custody.-Ann Hughes, alias Jones, was tried for murdering George Elliott, at Mount Shannon, on Monday, the 19th May last. Itappcared that the prisoner lived with the deceased, at Moolap, seven miles from Geelong. On the afternoon of the 19th May last, deceased went to the Mount Shannon Hotel, which was within 300 yards of his residence, and on returning in the evening, he was seen coming down the yard from the hotel with a lighted candle placed in a bottle, and in company with the prisoner. There was a waterhole about fifty yards from the hotel, and as they approached it, Mrs. Hughes, the prisoner, asked the deceased why he did not como home sooner. Deceased laughed and said he could not como home any sooner. They were then near the waterhole, and the prisoner gave the deceased a push with her shoulder, and he fell into the waterhole. The prisoner screamed very loud, and then ran as fast as she could towards the Mount Shan- non Hotel. The deceased was afterwards taken out of the hole, and did not live long after, but while living the prisoner remained beside him. Thomas Cunningham, the landlord of the hotel, deposed that the de- ceased left his house about half-past six o'clock on the day mentioned, and that, although he had been drinking, he was per- fectly sober. His Honor, in summing up, remarked " that the case in its strongest aspect would only amount to manslaughter. That a wilful murder had been committed under such circumstances was out of the question, and it was for the jury to consider whether the deceased was really pushed into the water by the prisoner." The jury after a brief absence returned a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was discharged. Mr. Weekes was to have made his Financial Statement last week, but was prevented by the absence of a quorum. The budget will in all probability be produced to-morrow night. We have had very little of political interest to note. The Committee of our House of Lords is prepared to recom- mend the adoption of an Upper House based on Hare's system of quotas, with a some- thing of Crown nomination grafted there upon-a hybrid affair in fact, and neither fish, flesh, nor fowl. We may rest pretty well assured that the bill will again he shelved. Monday afternoon, 4th August. 