I SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY SOLOMON SNAIL. SOMETHING ABOUT LIFE ASSURANCE. (Concluded from the Sydney Mail, May till ) Now thin, draw yer chair nearer to the fire, Hickey." said Paddy, as he threw another log on to the cheerful blaze. " Here's a dance for yez, and here's as lovely a bit of' tobacco as ever yet tasted and it's meself as growed it, down on the flat yonder. Faix, we'll have a good smoke together, and Nelly will spin us a yarn as long as next week, afther he has done washing up the cups and surers. But I'm dying to know what we've but doing wid yerself all these long years, and what makes you look so thin and miserable, Mickey, my boy SO be afther telling us, afore Nelly begins to talk, for she's like me would grandmother's ninety day clock ; when she begins to go, she won't stop for three months take that for yer now, Nelly ! Ila, ha." " Och, Paddy, me jewel! pray don't ask me what makes me look ill and miserable," said Mick, as the tears trickled down his rough face. " I couldn't tell over the half of my misery in a month, not I. Och, Paddy, Paddy ! when I look round me at yer comfortable cabin, full of everything in the world that a man wants, and see your wife and children so clane, and healthy, and happy, it makes me think of the comforts I had in my own cabin awhile score and when I think of the filth, and starvation, and wretchedness there is in it just now, I hate myself, so I do, bekase I know I have but the cause of it all. I have spoiled a darlint good wife, ill-used six of the best charges in the world, made a comfortable home a ruin and well nigh broke me own heart into the bargain, so I have. Och hone! Och hone! I'm a baste, a haythin, a lazy vagabond, and grog has done it all, Paddy ; yes, grog has done it all but good luck to yez, don't as me any more just now," added poor Mick, as he covered his face with his hands, and leaning his head on his knees, he wept immoderately " Och, musha musha " muttered Nelly, in a com- miserating tone, as she took her seat by the fireside. " Poor Mickey ! and it's grog as made yer miserable, is it r Ugh! the beastly stuff; I wish I had the dealing with it all, and ye'd soon see where I'd send it fast enough. Shure the devil made the first drop of it, that's my belief and he's bin wagging his grate ugly tail ever since, glazed with his invention, for i it's taken more poor souls down to his dark den than all the other wickedness in the world put together." " Troth, thin, and it's Nelly Ryan as I'd like to be telling the world a bit of her mind on that subject. But, ugh! Further ! it wouldn't do a ha'porth of' good, I'm fear'd : poor weak craters windbreak them selves cranky, spite of all an ould woman could say to stopped, when so many of their betters show them the way to do it. But cheer up, Mickey, honey ! yer used to be the handiest blacksmith in Baliyslough fluttery, at one time, and yet not an old man yet. Straighten yerself up, Mickey, like a man ; all may be right wid yer yet. Away with the grog for ever ; pitch it to the pigs-be the some token they wouldn't thethe a single drop of it, not they I beg their pardon. Whist, then, Mickey; jist "light your pipe again, and be easy now, while I'm afther telling you how it was that Paddy come to give up drinking grog and yer know he used to drink a mighty lot of it while agone, sure enough. Fall, many a broken head it hits got for him, to say nothing of the mur therin beatings he used to give me, afther he came home from a spree. Troth, thin, yer may look out of the corner of' yer eye, Paddy, me darlint ! Its three for yer, every bit of it : but I forgive yet with all my heart, jewel ! I know the grog will never attempt yer to bate yer poor ould Nelly again, for yer pray to God to kape year from drinking and so long as ye do that, I hadn't fear, not a bit of it. Now, listen, Mickey, while I tell you the story, and mayhap it may do yer good, and send you home to Judy and the children, with a lighter heart than we had when we left them, the dear craters." " Well, thin," continued Nelly, " it's more nor five years agone, that one day Paddy had gone to Maitland with a dray-load of parties, and I fear'd he'd come home drunk, and cross enough to kick his mother if she came in his way. Och, musha ! thinks I, as I sat stitching away at Norah's Sunday frock, that was mighty the worse for wear, Paddy'ill be afther spending more money to-day, in making a baste by himself, than 'to buy two new Sunday frocks for the darling crater, and maybe get his head cracked into the bargain. And, ses I to meself, be jabers, I wish those playthings as made the grog were forced to drink it all themselves. Troth, they'd make a mighty small drop as it this, I'm thinking and just as I was larger at the thought of it, I heard some one call at the door, so I jumps up, and sure enough there was a jintleman on horseback, and a real jintleman he was, too. ' Good day, MORRIS,' ses he Arrab, good day, Sir, ses I Can yet be giving me a drink of water ? ' as he. Troth, I will, Sir, ses I ; but maybe ye'd like a drop of' milk in it or would you take a pot o' ray ? ' You are very kind, Misses," says he I should very much like a pot o' try, the hot day and if ye'll let me put me horse under the shed for a while, I'll step in and sit down for I'm fear'd it's going to tender.' Come in, and welcome, Sir, ses I. So in he came, and set himself down on a stool, and took little Patsy on his knee, whiles I slung the kettle over the fire, and put some hay in the pot. (Thin he axed me my name, and I told him that he axed me no end of questions about our farm, our cattle, and everything we'd got, but all in a mighty civil way. Share he was a tender- hearted jintleman, and no mistake." " ' How many officers have yet got, Misthress Ryan i ' ses he, as he sipped away at the being hot tay, afther I had filled his pannikin we'd no cups and parkers in them days. Just three, Sir, as I, Nonda, and Patsy, and Denis the baby. ' Well, I hope ye've bin afther putting money in the Savings' Bank, Misthress Ryan,' said he to provide for their decent education by and bye ; these be very good times for farmers.' Troth, thin, Sir, se3 I, we've never saved nothing for we had to clare this bit of' ground, and fence it, and build this hut, and pay for a hope o' things beside. And share we'd nothing when we come here fight, barrier a hoe, an axe, a cross-cut saw, two spades, an iron pot, and a gridiron. Of course, we had the clothes on our backs, and our bed, to the fore."' ",' Is your husband a healthy man ? ' Bes he. Troth, thin, Sir, ees I, he's healthy enough, thank God ; it's s throng as a donkey he is, and well enough I know it sometimes, worse luck. Serra a bit o' anything rails him, only when he takes a drop too much, and get a fighting ; or tumbled off his dray, or the likes o' that Oh, dear ! that's his failing, is it,' sea the jintleman. I was afeared us that, when I first rode up to yer farm, and seen the broken fence, and the pigs in yer garden, rooting up the praties wid their snouts. That's a very sad failing, Misthress Ryan,' ses ho for though Paddy is a strong man now, he is taking the surest course to become a walk one very soon. Now if it were to plane God to take Paddy from year, how Would you and these poor childers be activated?' sea he. < Och horses! sorts a bit iv me knows what we'd do, Sir; aes I, for I've never thought of it, not I ; but I'm thinking we should have more salt than enough for our prates." ¡ " ' Listen to me, this, Misthress Ryan,' sea he and I'll tell you of a chape, an aisy, and an excellent plan, to make a provision for yerself and these dear childers, in case poor Paddy should die and leave yer.' " , " Shure, then, I'll be much obliged to you, if yer will be telling me that came, Sir, sea I for sorts a bit o' me likes to be depending on the charity of the neighbours, in case I should be liftawidee. Och! it wouldn't be very fat I should get, if I did depend upon the like that, I'm thinking. Resides, Sir, sqs I, yer telling me anything, won't make Paddy die a minute sooner, God bless him." " ' Yes quite right, Misthress Ryan,' ses the jintleman and share yer a sensible woman. Well, thin, hearken ses he. Paddy must insure his life! do ye understand what I mane by that '" " Be the hokey, I don't understand a bit of it, Sir, ses I ; it's a mighty queer thing for Paddy to do, I'm thinking. Insure his life ! Troth, I don't know what yer mare, at all at all but he was very nigh insuring his death, the last time he come home from Maitland, for he got drunk, and fell off his dray, and the wheel high wind came over his head, so it did. Insure his life ! be the piper, that's a funny thing to do. I never heard tell of the like afore. But pray how is he to do that same Sir, sea I r and perhaps ye'll be afther telling me, if I'm not too stupid to lam." " ' I'll make you understand it in less time than it would take you to make a damper,' ses the jintleman. . You've heard tell of Life Assurance Societies, I suppose, haven't yet? " , " Dashed if I have Sir, ses I ; or if ever I did heir of 'em, I didn't understand anything about them, for I never had much education, worse luck." I " 4 Well, thin, I'll tell yer in a few words all that is necessary for you to know, to begin with. I haven't much time to stay with yer just now,' ses he but you can learn more about Life Assurance Societies at your leisure, and ye'd be mighty pleased to know of the grate benefits they have bestowed on hundreds, ay, on thousands of families, who, without them, would have been left in poverty all their days." " ' Well, thin,' ses he yer say Paddy is a healthy man, and he's just forty years old. By paying some- where about six pounds ten shillings a year, which is just half-a-crown a week, you will be paid two hundred pounds whenever Paddy dies ; or, if you die too, yer childers will get the money. Yer can insure for a greater or lesser sum, at the same rate. Do ye understand that, Misthress Ryan "I Faix, that's plain enough, Sir, ses I ; but how is it to be done ? Paddy's no scholar, and he'd only last if I tried to take him." " ' It's so easy as milking a cow,' ses the jintleman. ' Whist, now, Misthress Ryan, and I'll tell you. There are several Insurance Societies in Sydney, and very good ones they are too and they have agents in almost every town in the colony. There are several agents in Maitland ; Mr. Blair is one of them : yer know him, of course ? " i " Ah, to be sure, I know him, Sir, ses I, as well as I know my brother Mike', axing his pardon for making so free and a mighty civil jintleman he is too-be the same token don't I buy books for Norah, out of his shop ? " | " ' Will, thin,' sea the jintleman, if Paddy goes to Mr. Blair, or any other agent that he likes better, - and tells him he wants to insure his life, he'll tell him what to do in a very short time, and Shure it's as plain as a milestone, when yer understand it. And you may depend upon it, Misthress Ryan,' ses he that is a safe and certain bargain, and far better for yez, than putting all yer savings into the bank, to provide for yer family for if poor Paddy should die (which may God forbid the first week, or even a day, after you had paid her first premium (or half-yearly or quarterly payment), you would be paid the two hundred pounds by the Insurance Society, sure enough. And the longer Paddy lived, the more yer- self or the childers would receive at his death, bekase the bone houses accumulate, do ye see? " " Ugh, ghosts and goblins r I don't want to screen, Sir, ses 1; I'll have no truck with their bone houses, at all at all they'd frighten the sowl out by me in tirely, ses I and I looked scared an' quare like, I suppose, for the jintleman bursted out a large, and I fear he never stop again. Presently he sed, F O, yer'e a comical crater, Misthress Ryan,' see The ; and' he grinned all the time as if I was tickling the bottoms of his feet. ' But you mistake me altogether,' see he; * I didn't say bone houses at all; I send bonuses, which makes the profit of the business of the office, which every person insured is entitled to share. I mane everybody who is insured in what is called a Mutual Assurance Society, like the one for which Mr. Blair is agent, do you understand me now,' sea he. " O, yes, I think I do, Sir, sea I and I only wish me darlint ould mother had a know'd as much, poor sowl, long while gone, and thin, mayhap, she wouldn't have had to go into the Benevolent Asylum afther me poor ould father died. Shure, thin, I'll think a little more about Life Assurance, I will and I'll spake to Paddy about it one of these days, when I catch him in a good humour, ses I. " ' But there's one thing I must not forget to tell yer, Misthress Ryan,' ses the jintleman, and that is, that Paddy must give over getting drunk, or the | Assurance offices will not insure his life at any price ; you must mind that." I " Do you say so, Sir ; ses I then, be the powers, I'll make him insure his life immediately, as sure as my name's Nelly, if it's only to stop him from doing that same dirty thing. Getting drunk is the only fault my poor old man's got that I can see. Fair, I'm glad you told me about that, Sir, ses I. I'll make him" insure pretty quick and I'll save the half a-crown a week, to pay the premium, as yer call it, last enough, out of my egg and butter money or I can manage to do that same in half-a-dozen other ways, I know. Arrah, long life to you, Sir, sea I, for taking the trouble to tell me about such a shape plan, for saving meself and the childers from going a cadging all our lives, when Paddy's dead and gone sup- I posing he should die first. And maybe it will save him from getting drunk and breaking his neck, one of these days, poor fellow- for ye the benefit of making our home comfortable and happy, in the maritime. Share it will be a great bussing to us, and not a ha'porth loss, ses I." " But I see yer pipe's out, Mickey and I'm fear'd I'll beekeeping year out of bed too long and it's tired eyes are, I know," said Nelly, at the same time giving the back log in the fireplace a thrust with a shovel, which caused a cheerful blaze, and then she continued, "Hould yer eyes open, and I'll soon finish me story, boys. Will, then, I let Paddy have only a mortal little bit of' rest till he went to the Assurance agent in Maitland, and he told him what to do in a jiffy. First of all he Bent Paddy to a doctor, to see if he won sound and healthy. ' All right, Paddy's see the doc- ther ; ' yer as sound as a four-year-old colt, 89 yer are. Serra a bad place have yet got in all yer carcass berries some ugly great lumps on yer head, as big as new perties and shires where did yer get them, Paddy r ' ses the docther. ' I think they're all bumps of combativeness,' ses he. '. ' Och, botheration ! never mind third, yer honor,' ses Paddy ; ' thim's nothing at all. Larry O'Regan an' roe were just having a bit of sport, in a shanty at Maitland, t'other day, and his shilling slipped on to me head once or twice. But he didn't mean to hurt me, not a bit of it. Och, he's a broth of a boy is Larry, so he is.' " ' Ah, but you must give over that sort of sport intirely,' sea the do other a mind that, Paddy,' ses he All right, yer honor,' sea Paddy, FITZ, back he goes straight to the agent, and\nZJv life for £200 An both it's the best bargain To be made in his life, and no manure at all Man's? time I've jumped for joy about it, sure else We've paid £3 5s ; or thereabout, every , T 83 since that time, an we never 1881 of the Zü Faix, why should we. so, when Paddy the times as much as that aforetime in drink he? was making a ghost of him, and pretty rich maY,! ghost of me too, we' sitting about it, to advT, 8' of the poor children, who used to pit more W a week than Jerry O'Grady's jackass CVs u .' Oh, musha continued Nelly, compassion..], I wish all the poor men, with families, with J Pony, know'd as much about the benefits of his entrance as I could tell them, so they'd feel a man, dale sever in their minds, I'm thinking, if they and their poor wives and children were dwently mrVWrf for, in case they died themselves, instead of Erin,,! poor craters to the mercy of the world -in his legacy to save them, share enough. Now, I may'' say," added Nelly, with warmth, I' that'itVtk bounden duty of every man who has a wife Indians to insure his life. And I mane to say, see them healthy man in the colony is able to insure his life as he has a mind to. He can certainly do it for naming Bump if only for £50, for the cost is a mere notT and if everybody were to do that same, we shouldn't ' see folks going about with cadging lists,, like they were doing for poor wide. Blaney and bet m!, childers a week agone. Oh! I'd just like, to see a body in this hut to-night as ud say boo to that bit V genuine reasoning," continued Nelly, while here sparkled with animation. " Truth, if I didn't em vince him that I'm right, and he's wrong, aforesaid' to me bed, I'm thinking he'd have a head as imntiJ that iron pot that's bottom up, in the comet yards. or mayhap, what is a mortal eight wonders how it hard as a cobbler's lapstone. Now, all my yer oriel can tell anybody yer like that would. Nelly Kjw «] " But I've not told you all yet, Mickey " mi Nelly, with a sigh. " Paddy guv over glitter shrink for a time, for he was after" d of losing his casuarina and, oh, what a change, there was in him almost la' mediately. He used to be as merry as a redeeming a now flute, from morning till night. But, was %. Murphy got married, Paddy went to the wedding.' Oti musha, muBha! I shall ever forget that time is on as there's any sense in me at all. But ah, I'll not (eg yer what he did at the wedding, nor yet what he did when he come home. He's a right good boy not H I'll not expose him, poor fellow. But, as luck must have it', that same kind jintleman called here the The next day, as he was going to Maitland. Troth, tin' I'm thinking, it's wicked of me to call it luck, Is God sent him to us straight, that's my belief, and always will be so. Well, to make my long author very short now, the jintleman persuaded Paddy lay me to sign the Temperance pledge, and not Shapcott of liquor have us tasted since that blessed day; All before he went away, he prayed with us, so heads; and the next time he called-for he's called mar times since-be left us that Bible, and Paddy and at have read it nearly from end to end, over and now again. And here we wouldn't part with it for iii biggest farm on the Hunter River, and a dray load 3 dollars beside, for it taught us the way to Etna, and we're taching the childers the way too; in we're all as joyful as the gentlemen what Japan banks, and have got grate hopes of money to look at'. all the day long. Ay, share, and we're forty tall happier than they are, so we are, if they've note the love of God in their hearts like we've got, % find the house of God, on the plains yonder, and02 childers go to the Sunday school. We can see all we have plenty to ate and drank, and some to pay for a friend, ay, or an enemy either, if we've got 011 And if it should please God to take Paddy from mt," continued Nelly, with faltering voice, and at the war! time dropping a tear into her apron, " share IsMi have that little bit of money from the Insurance 916, to help me to carry on the farm and dicate the childers. And now, Mickey, ashore! what's to pet. went yer doing just as we've done? tell me that Mr, Jewell " " Nothing shall prevent me doing that same, just God," said Mickey, starting from his seat, outpacing the hut, while the tears streamed from his) eyes, "Wbilstl'vebinliBtining to yez, Nelly, I've bin (still my heart would burst all to pieces, so I have. Och hone ! Och hone ! I've bin a dreadful, wicked, two waggons, and I hate myself, so I do. Poor in], poor Judy ! Arrah, what for did I hate yer, yards. last crater V Yer the best wife in all the world, soya are and I'm the biggest begged that ever escaped Jack Ketch. But I'll go home this blessed team, and an Judy to forgive me, an' I'll ox God to force me too ; and' I'll never, never do the like again, met I've got breath in the carcass. Och J iverlaatm late yet, Paddy and Nelly ; it was God sent me to a hut to-day, I'm certain of that. But I'll be off he immediately. Where's my hat and' stick ? " " Arrah, sit ye down, Mickey, darling, for the ii of this hut yer don't move a leg to-night, not a bit of it," said Paddy, dragging him reluctantly to his'. " Sit ye down Agin, me boy, and be easy for a mile or two. Whist, now, and I'll tell yer what to di Here, Nelly, take his hat and stick from him." " Will, thin," continued Paddy, " get off home! u the morning as quick as you can, an' I'll lend yet no mare, so I will then make it up with Jude the full thing. An' when we've done that same, go down a yer knees together, and ax God to forgive year both, and ax him to save her from visiting grog again for the; rest of yer lives. But pray, at the same time, totter to make yer love Him, and make you understand He died,;' Word. If you haven't got a Bible in yer hill, beyond immediately here's the money to pay toril; then read it as often as we can, and ache yer wife".! childers to read it, and we'll soon be a happy famBi, take my word for it. Then go to work, Mickey, might and main ; git year but comfortable again, in yer childers clothed, and sent to school. And, with all that, the first bit of money yer get in yer bill to spare, go and insure her life. That's my extra to yer, Mickey, me honey ; an" will yer take it, now!" " Arrah ! to be sure I will," cried Mickey, inns ing up excitedly, and seizing the hands of both and Nelly at once. " All sorts of good luck, an' te) life to yez, Paddy and Nelly, yer darlints. Ya the best friends I ever met in the world, so yer sure: he's helped to make a new man to me to-day, entirely. I'll do all ye've tould me to do, every bit as it;"' God bless you both. Here's my hand on it, toil This blessed minute I promise to dash me ugly his enemy, the grog bottle, into smithereens, as' we never, never touch it again. " For the horrible grog makes a baste of me quite Hough, ragged, and wretched, and poor. A lazy, and crazy, big flagging outright, With my poor old blind granny I'd quarrel and fight, Och, Further ! I'll drink it no more." Darlinghurst, 1st July. MBCUAKICAJ. Tutu GUN.- The time-worn at Eta' burgh Castle has now continued for nearly a year gularly to announce the precise instant of one o'cixi Greenwich time, and it is therefore regarded as a pletely successful experiment. The gun is reaching y a simple piece of mechanism attached toaclotM the battery. This clock is regulated and controlled the clock of the Royal Observatory on the Call' hill, which is adjusted to Greenwich time by strong) mical observations made from hour to hour. The test clocks are kept en rapport, so to speak, by means of electric wire suspended in one strain over the TIRED between the old and new town, the distance from fe Castle to the Carlton-hall being about three. quarters of a mile. Simultaneously with the audible signals large time-ball on the summit of Nelson's Money drops. The flash of the gun and the Mis the time-ball of course communicates the eve second, at whatever distance the state of' ® atmosphere may render them visible, but allows" has to be made according to distance for the reports the time-gun. Thus, on the top of Arthur Seat sets seconds elapse before it is heard, and at the ships ports of Leith and Granton 11 or 12. On the Kto; burgh and Leith Directory map circles areas showing the distances reached by the report at new successive second up to 13, and it is now proper to issue certain sheets of the Ordnance Survey JP with tive second circles marked. The report u has tinctly heard along the opposite shores of the FirsT Forth. The gun is fired daily, excepting Sundays and days set apart for public worship, such as the' namental fast days and Good Friday. By the RMS' tants of Edinburgh the time-gun is regarded as a pet benefit and as the report is heard in the streets places of business, or in public meetings, at wT' sation is stopped for the moment till every one asked tains that his watch is keeping time. Scotsman. RATHER SEVERE ON THE FACITITY. -The pnMP avenue leading to Detroit has a toll- gate neat n Elmwood Cemetery road.. As the cemetery you 'J' out some time previous to the construction was planked road, it was made one of the conditions the company's charter, that all funeral processions Days go back and forth free. One day, as Doctor r was celebrated physician, stopped to pay his toll, W marked to the gate-keeper : " Considering the K j volent character of our profession, I think you ON to let us pass free of charge." " No, no. room the keeper readily replied, " we couldn't 8"°T^ you send too many dead heads through here » is " The doctor paid his toll, and never asked H favour after that. 