VA-flttHSTriES. Why is n palm tree like a chronology ?— Because it furnishes dates. The geological character of the rook on which drunk ards split is said to be quartz. , Well, Jem, what is a commentator V ' Why, I suppose it must be the commonest of all taters,' was the reply. " Horses sometimes runs for cups, but not half so often as men do. T '.t Why is a thriving tradesman like a lump ofico ?— Be- ' cause he is solvent." — " . . ,AT7T'y Women should set good examples, for men org always' following them, ' . Tho woman who neglects her husband's shirt fronts b . not the wife ofhis bosom. . " There is no objection to broilsina house, if they r be - .'> confined to tho kitchen. ! . ' Some people are so obtuse, that one would hardly think they could have an acute disehse." 1 A"" " . The Funambulist who tried to balance the North TtSia, gqtjeriouslycut by the axes of the earth." ' .derasine. Why are volunteers like old minds ?— Because th — ' always ready and never wanted. - ::C|T) Miss Jones says she only wears crinoline for " 0 sake. . ' : ' It is very curious,' said a young lady; 'that a ton ! '. . . from whom we get all our shell combs, should '.have hair.' "try Matrimonial history is sometimes a norrative of. m. X words— but the story of love may be told In a. very '. ' letters. When a pickpocket pulls nt your watch, tell bi plainly that you have no time to spare. -j(— . A live turkey would seem" to be comparatively leas,,' noisy than a dead one, for one' makes' only a' din, the ,1 other a dinner. .e People should never kiss those of their own sex j we never kissed a boy in our lives— except occasionally 'a : pretty tomboy, ..... , , Young men who would prosper in love should woo gently— It is not fashionable' for young ladies !. to take ardent spirits. " i . A popular preacher received so many pair, of .slippers . from the female part of his congregation, that he got to fancy himself a centipede. " An old bachelor seeing the words ' families 'supplied,', over the door of a shop, stepped iu and said he would take a wife and two children. - A country carpenter, nailing up a board to forbid va grants trespassing, placed it with the inscriptlon upside down. ' Beggars are accustomed to reverses observed a passenger. ... The latest advertisement of an air-tight coffin is, that itprotects the form from decomposition, ' and can'be retained in the parlour as an elegant piece of furnitpre, without any annoyance whatever.' " There is a man in the West who has moved bo often, that whenever a covered waggon comes near' hiB house, his chickens ail march up anil fall on their backs, and cross their legs, ready to be tied and carried to the next stopping-place. Two irishmen were in prison, one for stealings cow, and the other for stealing a watch. 'Hollo, 'Mike ! what o'clock is it ?' said the cow stealerjto the other! 'And sure, Pat, I invent any timepiece handy; but I think it is most milking time. ... ... We suppose that an old huater may be said to be stone ' blind when the poor beast has got what is called a .'..wall eye.? ' .v- ; , Did you ever see a cat playing with her . kittens .-in. a. pie shop, or a dog asleep at the , door . of a sausage . maker? . . . -.: . V " ' Fenelon was almoner to Louis XIV. . One Sunday \the -King found only himself and the priest at-the service ill thechapel. On inquiring of his almonerrthe :reason, as. the chapel was usually full Fenelon said. ' It was given. . out, sire, that your Majesty did not attend 'chapel .to- : :.' day, ;that you might know who came to worship God; and who to flatter the King.' >. «y A modern philosopher says, ' to stir the fire perfectly requires the touch of a sculptor, the eye of an.architct, . and the. wrist ot a dentist,' : . . J. J, Rousseau was one day showing his ' Ode . to Posterity' to Voltaire.' 'Do you know, ".said the sage, ' I am afraid your ' Ode' will never be forwarded touts address. -- " " At n wedding, the .other day, one of the guests, .who is 'often a little" absent, observed gravely, 'I have re marked that there have been more"" women then men married, this .year.' " i'My brudders,' said a waggish darkey to a . crowd, ' In all affliction, in all ob your troubles, dar is "one place whar you can always find sympathy. Whar 1 whar,?' .shouted several of his auditors. ' Inde dic- tfonagr.!' he replied, rolling his qyes.akjrward. Jones, wliile recently engaged in spfcjting wood, stuck a false blow, causing the stick tp fly up. It. struck, liim on the jaw and knocked out' a front' tooth . ' Ah,' said Bill, meeting him soon after, ' you have' the dental operation performed, I sec.' . ' Yes' .replied the - sufferer' ' axe-identnl.' A coarse, ill-natured fellow died one day, and his friends assembled at his funeral, but no one had a'good word to say about tho deceasd. Even at, the' grave, all were silent. At length a good hearted German, as he turned to go home said, 'Veil, he vas a Very good smoker !' :Once, whilst at Plymouth, a very juvenile midship man, flourishing his dirk, swaggered Into the theatre, ' My dear sir,' said Liston to the door-keeper, ' why don't you attend to the announcement at the bottom of your " bills—' Children in arms not admitted," Certain coquettes, dressed gaily, thickly powdered, and well rouged, being at a bail in Paris, asked a -fo reigner present, how bo was pie ased with the French beauties. ' Ladies,' he replied, ' I am no judge of painting.' An Editor is a man expected to know everything ; tell all he knows, guess the rest ; to make known his his own good character, establish the reputation of his neighbour, and elect candidates to office ; to blow up everybody, suit everyone, and reform tho world ; to life for the benefit of others, and havo the epitaph on his tombstone, ' Here he lies at last.' The Pavilion de Flore of the palace of the Tuileries Is being demolished, and the floors giving way, revealed to view the ' caps ofliberty,' aud other emblems that deco rated the liaifs when accommodating, iu 1793, the com mittee of public safety. Old Mrs Harris was never regarded as a paragon of neatness ; and if ' cleanliness is next to godliness,' it is tp be feared that the old lady never attained to the latter state. Not only was she anything but clean herself, but showed a contempt for it in others. Speaking of neat people one day, she said, that her son Josiah was one of the most particular men in the world. ' Why,' said she, ' he threw away a whole cup of coffee the other morning because it had a blackbcctlc iu it.' To the mind of an observer there is a good deal in the patched and mended garment of a poor man. They speak whole volumes of patient poverty. They tell of the rcpiuing and industrious wife, and oi her long hours spent with the weary needle ; of the striving endura nco of her who, with humble pride, would turn the best side outward. Never scorn the patched coat of a poor la bourer — for that labourer, may be, has one at home who loves him ; and that is more, alas, than many a rich man has. A funny story is being told these days. A woman in the County of Limerick, not far from Emly, buried her husbaud some months ago, A knock came to the door one night last month, and she asked who was there? ' A hollow sound answered, ' I am your husband whom you buried, and I am very miserable in Purgatory till my debts are paid. Sell the two pigs you have, and be sure you have tho money for me on sucli n night when I call.' The poor woman did as was required, and felt happy at being able to meet his request, whether through fear or love (as ho appeared with his shroud nnd pale face). Be tween the first and second visit of tho ghost, the poor woman went and told her story to the priest. He told her it was nil very good, but nt the snmo time to have two policemen in the house when she would be giving him the money. Accordingly, after getting the money the purgatorial and shrouded -ghost came, and was ar rested by the police and lodged in Limcrick_ gaol; there to undergo a little more purgatory till his trial comesoU, Tho gliosl turned out to bo a near neighbour, Avhb ; godfather to one of her children, " 