LITERACY REVIEW. i ; ' A Residence al XajanaH and JT.ihulnle in 18.59-00. With an acniitnl of Japan generally. By C. Pomberton Hodgson, late H.B.M. Consul at those Ports. With a Series of Letters on Japan, by his Wife. | (From Ihe London Ejcaminer.) ' Having visited and dwelt in all the open ports of Japan, and having had, as he says, through a year and a half, " by virtue of his office, many opportunities of acquiring information denied to others." Mr. l'cniberton Hodgson has written a book which is really cntertaiiiing, iu spite of his bad grammar aud its contradictory opinions, It must be read for its facts alone ; if we allow ourselves to be guided by the water's conclusions, we shall become hopelessly confused. In one place wo leani that our recent intimacy with the Japanese has been established "by moral force alonein many he is eloquent upon the bloodshed and treachery by which we have joined the mastery over our new allies. Nothing, he says, is " likely to interrupt our friendly relation with this people; and our treaty may now be expected to open up to us a most important trade yet a few pages further on we are assured, at the conclusion of a fierce condemnation of the European policy, that "more than half Japan were and are opposed to tlie treaties," and that, if England makes any objection to the murderous tactics of wliich we have already seen the beginning, " either Japan ceases to ' exist, or the treaties will be waste paper." We like Mr. Hodgson best when he is speak- ing from his knowledge, least wheu he is losing his head among ojiinioDS. He it was who, on the 18th of June, 1859, acting as Officiating Consul at Nagasaki, hoisted the first British Jack that ever waved over a Japanese city. For a fortnight before that lie and Mr. Alcocl;, the Consul-General, had been keeping state ou board the " Sampson," ancborod in the centre of the bay. Everything was new and strange. The Governor of the town, anxious to show kindness to the foreigners, sent them some curious presents—a little fat pig, a basket of radishes as long as carrots, a basket of eschalots, and four hundred eggs. Less welcome wa's the attention paid to Mrs. Hodgson, apparently the first English lady who set foot in Nagasaki. The inhabitants crowded by thousands to look at her, to lift up her gown, aud to give other evidence of disagreeable curiosity. With such treatment, however, and with much else that would have distracted most ladies, the Consul's wife was forced to be content. When her party removed from ship-board to the consulate, her bed room had to be used, by day, 11s a drawing-room, aud of the visitors who frequented it at all hours of the clock snakes were not the most repulsive. Centipedes, "so large and thick mailed" that a sword w;vs needed to slaughter them, were fond of lodging in her boots and crawling over her dresses ; while rats, large as cats," kept her awake by night, as they fled squeaking from the pursuit of wild ferrets and serpents. So, at any rate, she has reported in the letters included in her husband's volume. Of the Japanese sects and forms of worship, full and honest accounts was given last year in the Bishop of Victoria's book on the subject. In the similarity between it aud Mr. Hodgson's independent description may be found evidence of the accuracy of both works. The religious customs are, in many respects, so like those of the Roman Catholic Church, that it seems necessary to believe tliem to have been borrowed from the Jesuits formerly residing in Japan. There, indeed, Christianity has a stealthy ami stunted existence. Our author asserts that, in the island of Yezo alone, there are more than eighty thousand unavowed Christians. He thinks also that the whole body of the people, quite dissatisfied with its present theological systems, might easily be quickened with better principles. How many gods have you ?" he was once asked. O11 his replying "One only," the inquirers exclaimed " How very busy lie must be to listen to all of yon, then ? How can he do it (" Tliey were eager, however, to enter upon a religious talk, and seemed willing to receive any teaching 011 these mutters ; but any such controversy being illegal iu Japan, Mr. Hodgson, us Consul for England, felt bound not to enlighten them. The same error that leads the Japanese, to offer prayers to the Evil Spirit rather than to the Good One makes tliem often more careful of animal than of human life. The death of a pauper is lightly thought of, but fev.- will consent to the death of a fourfooted animal. Snakes abound in the temples, the priests fearing to kill them, because of tlie tradition that afterwards the -souls of the reptiles will come and torment them as unseen necklaces. Once a European saw a dog and a drunken man fall into a ditch at- the same time. A priest passing by carefully lifted tlie puppy out of the mild, but he did nothing for his fellow being, ami marvelled much when he saw the European rush to the aid (if the drowning di'imkard. " What was wanted of the old man '("' lie asked ; " where was the good of saving the follow too poor even to pay for liis funeral or passport to heaven T' Had the dog died, however, he .viid lie would surely have been haunted by its ghost. For a like reason beef is rarely eaten. Milking a cow was an operation very wonderful to Japanese eyes : but Mr. Hodgson seems to have introduced among the people the practice of taking milk with ilicir tea, iSiiiior-isn, lnisnericaiiy wiake:- than Buddhism, though the religion most common nfc Court, claims to be many centuries older than i!s rival. Must aristocrat ic of all are the Sooto-isfs, doctors, politician-;, and oiners, whose metaphysical, subtleties carry them to the brink of ntlu ism. With them, wc learn, all the most learned men are ill hearty (hou-li often unacknowledged sympathy. Mr. Hodgson is a botanist, and perhaps the most valuable part of his book, though ' valuable to only one class of readers, is thatin wldeh, with Sir William Hooker's help, he gives an orderly enumeration of J apanese ; plants. It was mainly for the collecting of ; the.-e that he and his parly wade some excursions inland. They asccnded volcanoes never trodden by the natives, who believed that demons dwelt-in thoir hollows. Oi.e w,.s 1,700 feet high, with a crater about M.IUIO feet wide, and 750 deep. It had five, larg" sulphurous geysers, and about thirty w liicii were smaller ami hardly iu action. At iliis time also Mr. Hodgson foundopportuii'tv of ,studying (he Aii:os, or abori;.-i::e.; of Japan, rarely seen before by niociei Li travellers. Of them ho, reckons that there ure jet about eighty thousand sm:vivi;i'.-. Willi long black hair and V-ards, and litt'lo else to cover their nakedness, they arc a fine race of men and women, stion;; and muscular, (hoiip'h inther repulsive by reason of their dirty ways. They live 011 iMi and herbs, and .speak a language not l;:;own to the civilised people of Japan, for whom, in the remote parts, they work as slaves. Many ceuturics must have elapsed since these men were dominant in r.lie island. In the seventh century before Christ, the present empire is .said to liave been formed out of a great number of large and nomadic tribes, who seem to have conquered Japan much as the Anglo-Saxon conquered Britain. The spiritual and teiupor.il authority, it is said, was then centered in one sovereign, worshipped by all as a veritable god. I11 the twelfth century a changc was effected by Joritomo, a warrior who olit ained the highest civil power, though having 110 claim or fitness for ecclesiastical rule, and the caro of religion was allotted to another officer. Thia division, however, was followed by disasters to the State. Much civil -war seems to have arisen and desolated the country until the sixteenth century, when Taiko Sama aroBe and established the fiim government which has lasted, under Taiko's descendants, down to the present day. 