Sc?rc CuitrusTITrTot s.-.Scotland wan always fore most in superstitions. Her wild hills and lonely t?ls seemed the fit haunting-places for all mysterious powers; and long after spirits had tied, and ghosts had been laid in the level plains of the south, they were to he found lingering about the glens and glades of Scotland. Very little of graceful fancy lighted up the gloom of those popular superstitions. Even Elfame. or Faerie, was a place of dreaded anguish, where tihe devil ruled heavy-hannded and hell clainmed its yearly tithe, rather than the home of thi and beauty and petulant gaiety as with other nnti.os, and the beautiful white ltaicslike thie German Elle woman, had more of bale than bliss as their portion to scatter among the sons of men. Spirits like the goblin Gilpin Ilorner, full of malice and unholy cunning-like grewsome brownies, at times unutcu terably terr'fec, at times grotesque and rude, but then more satyr-like then elflsh--like MaIy Moulachs, lean and hrirv-armed, watching over tile fortunes of a family, but prophetic only of woe, not weal-like the cruel Kelpie, ihiding behind the river sedges to rush out on unwary p'tssers by, and strcngle tllem beneath the waters-like tile unsained laidly elf, who came tempting Christian woman to their soul's eternal perdition if they yielded to the desires of their bodies- like the fatal eanshie, harbinger of death and ruin -were the popular forms of tile Scottish spirit-world; and inl none of them do we find either love or gentleness, but only fierceness and crime, enmity to man and rebellion to God Ilut saddest and darkest, and unholiest of all, was the belief in witchcraft, which infested societies for centuries, like a sore eating through to the very heart of humanity, and which was nowhere nsore bitter and destructive than among tile ungodly children of our northern sister. Strange tlhat the land of our Lord should have been the favourite camping ground of Satan, that the hill of Zion should have had its roots in the depth of Tophet.-.llrs. Linton's If'itch Stories. Stow Tiosns ARn ENcotnorE.--Tlhe hungry dares will go out on pitch dark nights a mile into the jungle to recover the body of a bullock killed by the tiger, securing thenmselves by torches and shouting from the animal; and this, indeed, is the best flesh they have, killed and bled by their butcher the tiger, oftentimes uunmauled, lie not having had time to commence to eat it. Now tile unfortunate tiger, day after day baulked of his fo~l, after he has killed his animal, becomes uncommon hungry, and at length either watches the ghat (watering place) whero tie the women go down to wash and bathe, from which ihe seizes his victim, or else lie dogs tile footsteps of the unwary woodcutter, and having once found out how utterly helpless a man is in his grasp, ihe becomes a confirmed man-eater. Tihe tiger can take a man in his mouth and carry hiin a considerable distance, and constantly the re mains of the body are not recovered; there are no hungry dares to take any interest in them. Injuries received by the tiger inc conflicts with his own species, wounds from horns, loss of the large falngs of the teeth, old age taking away the vigour of the animal, wounds from bullets, all he are nrcauses in a minor degree of tigers becoming man-ecters, but it is my firm belief that the system of allowing the dares to carry away the earcass of the animal killed hv the tiger is the primary cause. It is nn aecnowil.dged right and perquisite, agruclably to the village regu lations up to this time. Manic a bitter disappoint mect is thesportsman subjected to, who. having heard of thie kill of anl animal, perhaps several miles from where he Is. and hurrying his shikarees (native hun ters) rifles, and himself to the spot, with thie hol e of retticng a shot at the tiger frcllot behind a screen when he co'lws to take his metal, finds on hiis arrval a tile vilhl?a,, tihat the dares haveecarrield t.ir bodily thce gara (killel anilmal)t had they left this, the sportslnan wouldl have rid the jungle of that tiger, -- 'ild Fpjrts c cifI;,,. 