AUSTRALIAN POETRY. [COMMUNICATED.] COUNTLESS are the modifiiations of the poetic faculty. In some natures it is fervent and occasional; in others, calm and prevailing. In the impassioned heart it ia a necessary channel for the healthy development of feeling, In the contemplative and gentle bosom it sheds a patient and soothing light, like the beams of tbe moon, on the current of reflection. "It is an ooean to tbe river of his thought," to one man bearing in one direotion his every idea and sentiment, colouring with a gloomy shade of rosy glow his conversation and his reveries, and weaving an illusive atmosphere around every phase of his ex- perience. To another it is a subordinate element de.- pendent for its activity upon rare excitement, and only tinging, almost imperceptibly, the pictures of memory and hope. But poetry, in its highest form, must ever be individual ; and all that is genuine in the art spring- from vivid experience and acute observation. Let it be understood that wherever poetry exists it must draw every surrounding object into itself, for the great distinction between verse writers and poets is that the forcer seek, and the latter receive, the one attempts to command, the others meekly obey the loftier impulses of their being. It has been wisely said that "no man can stand forth and interpret for any country well and truly, unless he has been moulded from its bosom, has imbibed from it the peculiar tone, thought, and colouring, which cannot be caught up by one alien to the soil." And the true interpreter is undoubtedly the true poet. The stale assertion that Australia has produced no one who may rank with the "glorious brotherhood," simply betrays a rash conclusion; and all those readers that have met with any of Charles Harpur's rugged but sin- gularly original writings, mast agree with us in our con- victions. Moreover, who, after reading Henry Ken- dall's lately published volume- to full of rich promise. as it is-can doubt the rising of another post amongst us ? We feel sure that these men bare not only faith» lally pictured the beauties, but caugbt the very spirit of «nf scenery. It is to be regretted that tte have not the extended ? acguaio'anoe with Charles Earpnr's poems which ' woald enable us to dwell apon them, but we hope to meet them et no very remote period in a oolleoted form. With a elearer knowledge ot young Henry Kendell's conti ibutions to bia eountry's literature, we shall devote the remainder of thia paper to bim. A re tent review in a Sydney journal «ontalns the just remark that 11 Mr, Kendall is tho- roughly an Australian poet." He approaohes the nighty forest, whoBe shadowy haunts only the footsteps of the savage bas penetrated, deeply eonBoious of ita virgin grandeur. His barp is strung in harmony.with tba wild moon of tba anoient bongbs; and while iotant in our retirement upon bis page we are always sensible, as it were, of the presenoa of those Titanic monarohs that crown tbe rugged ridgeB and oaverned gullies of our native land. No English park or meadow formalised by tbe hand of art, no legendary spots like the pino groves of Bavenna surround ns. It ia not the gloomy German forest with its phantoms and banditti, bat one of tbose Strange weird Australian woodlands, where the gnm tree spreads ita enormous braoobeB, and a smothered wind Btrogiles, fitfully wailing, through tbe dark native oak; where the flutebird sings ali. day, and the melan- choly curlew keeps Ibo moaning night awake with its screams. Ctn any one, listening to the following wild coho from the bush, mistake tbs sitaation ? " Tba viawlaaa blaat fliea moaning past, Away ta th» forest, tr coi; Whero giant piries'md leafleaa vina» .Band 'noati£tho wundoring breeza. From ferny atreama, unearthly aoreams Are hoard in the midnight bino. Aa afar thayjroara to tho ahopberd'a homo, Tho abrieka ot Ibo wild onrlaw. Aa afar they roam To tho abophord'a horan, ,- . Tba shrleka ot lbs wild curlew. " Tbs tnlata aro onrlod o'er a dark-faoed world, And tho abadows »leap around, Whoro tbs clear lagoon reflects the moon In har hazy glory orownod ¡ Whllo dingoes howl, and wake the growl Of tho watchdog brave and trna, ? Whoae loud, rough bark shoots np tn tbs dark With the song of tho lono curlew. Whoso loud, rough bark Shoota up In tho dark With tho song of the lona ourlow," The foregoing is only on extraot from a song singularly vivid throughout. We generally find Mr. Kendall in his best vein when we turn to these bush ballads, and surely such pcems as " The Barcoo," " A Song of the Cattle Hunters," '. The Wild Kangaroo," and "The Wail in the Native Oak," will become national, faulty end necessarily barren as some of his attempts to idealize savage life are, be haa soattored many really fine lines through the " Aboriginal Songs," entitled respectively, "Kooroora," "Urara," and " Ulmarra." Her-«- is tho opening statz » from' the first part of .' Kooroo n"i - "The game in the gully stand gloomy and stark ; A torrent beneath them is leaping ; And the wind goes about like a ghost in the dark, Where a chief of Wahibbl lies sleeping." But if the poet's imagination was cramped while writing the sequel to the foregoig, he eminenty; succeeds on a like subjeot where latitude is afforded. Por we ODOBider the "Ballad af Turma" tu be ona of the most exquisite thiogg we haye ever met with. It has indeed a fine g'oom aboat it, and the intense Southern passion breathing through it fairly carries the reader away. Widely different Irom the last mentioned lyiio in the Iragmenl headed " Fainting by tbe Way," a poem forming the allegorical channel for the | eonvyaooe of a terrible truth. We quote from it a des. eriptivo Terse partionlurly graphic :- , " Swarthy, waato landa, wlao and waodloaa, gllltorlng mlloa and miles away, Whero tho south wind seldom wandors, and the winters will not .tay ; Lurid waate lands, pout In atlonco, thiok with hot and tbiraty aisha, Whero tho.eoanty thorn lo .voa twlnklo, with their haggard hopeloaa eyoa. JTurnaood waato landa, huuohod with hlttooka Uko to atony billowa rollod, Whero tho naked flats Ho awirling Uko a aaa of burnlabod Bold ! ' Burning waato landa, glancing upward with a woird and vacant .taro, Where the languid heavcnt quiver o'er red depth > q/ttirlen air! A mon wbo oan wri e Uko this ought to be enoouragsd' .nd no'BOn or daughter of Australia, jealous for tbe future fame of this ftir country, nhould be without a oopy of the " Poi tn« by Henry Kendall." We wilt now conclude oar brief notloo of the most Íiromisiog if colonial authors, by subjoining his quaint Ittle love eong " Amongat rho BOBOS :-? " I walked throngh a foroat, Toonoath tho hot noon, On Elbltne onllinK and calling t One aald : ' rjhe will boar you a -d oomo to you aoon, When the coola aa, my brother la falling.' But/ whleporod : ' O,darling, I falter with pain 1' And tbothtraty loavea ruailoil, and hlaiied for the rain, Whoro a wayfarer haltod and a'ept on tho plain ; \- And droaintof a gardou of roaeat Of a cool aweot plaoo, And a nonning faoo, In a dance and a danlo of roaea. i " In tba drought of a doaert, ontwoarlod, I wopt, O Ethtino, darltouod with do'oura I Bat, folded tn anneal, how long haye you alopt By the roaea all rooting with ooloure ? A troo from ita ttoiaoa a loaf did ahnko, lt fell on her fioo, und I foarod abo would wake , So Xbruahod ll away f i her sweet aako. In that gardon . f benuilful roana I, In tho dreaming i orfumee ïrom rich rod bloome, In a danoo and a dátalo of roaea." IOTA. A RUSSIAN RKFDOKB.-Tho Abeille du Nord of St. Peters- burg relates the folio» lng : - *' A yenng man, about 20 years of ase named Dvoriinski, employed as olerk in the office of - the Governor of the provinoe of ' Voronege, took irom the caah box confided to bis oaro 14,U00 rouble» (4fr. each), and eight or ten gold medals worth about ISO roubles eaoh, intended as prizes tor horse raaee. Ho also took some poating permits and blank passports for foreign countries, and then started for London. By inserting sometimes one name and then another on the posting permits, he reached Moscow, and then proceeded by rail to St. Petersburg, where he purohased different articles which he sent as presents to his relatives. By forging the name of the Governor of Voronege on one of the blank passports he managed to reach Berlin, where he remained for some days, and then started for London, where he arrived safely, and represented himself as a political refugee. Being ignorant of the language he found himself rather at a loss in the English oir.iial, but he got himself installed in a comfortable lodging, and passed his time in viaitiugthe Exhibition, and making him- self comfortable. On«mortiug ho leard a knock athis door, and, on opening it, waa horrorstruak at sacing before him, in Jula fall Uuaeun uniform, M. Collgny, the chief of the police of Voronege. The Brat word tittered hy the un- welcome visiter waa, ' Whore ls the monoy ? No anBwer waa at first given, for Dvoriin- kl was stupefied by tho apparition of the IttuBian ; but on tho quoattou being re- peated, bo stammered out, ' I have got lt-but not alt.' Give mo what you have, said M. Collgny. The money being bundo l otur, M. Ouligny gava a signal, aud several of the London poll o, who had boon waiting to watch tba effect of the first appearance of the Russian functionary, entered tho room. Tbe fugitive thon deliverod up also tr M. Ouliguy the gold medula, n lundaomo gold wutoh and chain, Aa", which had buen purchased with the produce of the robbery." Thu Ku»»inn jonrn.il does not Bay whether the English 'poüoo took tho fugitive into castody on not. .. .. 