THE EXPLORATION DESPATCHES. WALKER'S JOURNAL FROM KOCICHAMPTChV TO THE ALBERT RIVER, GULF OP CARPENTARIA. I have kept no regular journal until the day upon which I left tho Victoria River, and as the ground prcvioufly ?»»- nearly all welt known to me, tho following will tctveos a sort of preface. ' I received Capt. Mnyne'a letter on the 6th August. I re turned that day forty miles to Baubinian Down* ; stopped there the next day to arraDgo mutters with my friend Mr Ch». B. Dutton ; sent Patrick to col oct my men and gave directions to Jack Hor»feldt to cure the meat for the expedi tion, I then started for Kockhampton, bul when I reached tho Dawson I could n;.t get tho horses uri hln twenty yards of the bank. Patrick cut a eanoe and I crossed ; linking Mr Govan at Rio, I exchanged horses with him. I rode his to Rockbamptf-n and he mine to his station. I hastened to get ereiything in readiness, but found that only twelve hones bad been purchased. With tho assistance of my friends Mr Hutchinson and Captain Hunter I made up my lot in a few days and s'artcd the whole party out on Saturday, the 25th August. Btoppcd till the next day partly to get tho EnglieU mail and partly to hear what had become of tho Victoria ttciuncr. Captain Cottier, of the Clarance. told mo that vessel, together with a brig, were to have started the day previous (Saturday) direct for the Albert Hirer, without touching anywhere, so I was disappointed in my hopes of seeing dptain Norman before I Btatted. Some delar took place owing to the heavi ness of the ground on my way up to Mr Duttnn'a. We however managed to cross the Da - uon safely; stopped two days at Mr Living's, taking in flour and sugar and arranging the packs, and two more days at Mr Button's, packing tho meat and preparing everything in proper order for tho final start, which, to my great joy, took place on the 7th September. Tho horses arc not in cs good order as I would ivisli—somo are all right, but others look very seedy and eeveral have been giiped. I must get them In proper trim before I can go ahead full speed. 8o for the present short stages and good camps are the order of . the day And it is lucky I know the L'round to well. When I reached A .bonier nnvrm. the s'.ation ol Mcsts Hcpe, Dcnnistonn, and KollcBtone, a mare was so ill I was obliged to leave her. I saw that if I ?wi- lied to make anythingof a juurney I muat have more strength in horses, especially aa the pack paddles hurt tho heraet' libs, and I had no spare onos to relieve them. I noiording'.y biught three from ^my friend Mr Pallen, and four more from Messrs Davis and Allen. We now pushed on, but still only b) moderate stages, as tho horses were still much purged by tho new grass. We reached Mr Mac intosh's ttation on a creek flowing into the Kogoa. On tho 14th spelled, and the 15th left the station, for good or otherwise on the lfith ; upon reaching the Nogoa, which I crossed on the 19th, I went to the north to hit Poma, which tributary of the Claude takes its rise at my pass over the main range ; this is a great detour, but by this menns I avoided tho dense brigalow scrub which Intervenes between the Nogsa Kiver and Salvator Laku and iho pass. On the 20th we leached the beautiful Emerald Downs, on Poma Creek, camped there tho 2Ut, and arrived at tho foot of the pass and my old camp on the 23rd; the grans had caught lire from my camp und was now a fine sward j the horses were within a pquaro m'le in the morning-, and as we got a good start did the twenty miles to iny No. 30 trco on the Nivello, in good time ; nevertheless, one horse, evidently si: k, gave in on the way and hod to be left. We camped hero the 25th ; sent back for the nick horse, and I marked a tree FW 4 under. My first marked tree is on Emerald Diwns, as. that was new ground to me. Tho 2Cth we pushed down to the Nivc, and marked a tree No. 5. TtiU is about five miles about my old No. 11 enmp. The next day, 27th, crossed ovor to the Victoria, and camped No. 8, below my No. 29 tree. On the 28th, 29th, and 30th pushed down the Victoria by fair i-tigcs, the horses now rapidly improving1. On the 1st October moved down the river to another camp two miles f'litner, and 'at this camp marked FW ~-' under and 10 under, and KSV 3 Oct. anJ 1861 under. AVe fpelled until the morning of the 7tU October, long. 146° 1' lat. 24 ° 31'. Whilst camped ;here wo searched for the L tiee seen by Gregory, but ci wo had seen his 22nd (XXII.) tree on the north bunk we eeirchcd on tho same for the L tree, and it wus not until the 5th Jingle an J Mr Haughton fouud it on the loulh bank. In tho meanwhile I bad found another L tree two miles below our camp on north side, and seven below the tree seen by Gregory. I looked for an open road N.X.W., but was checked by a dense almost impenetrable scrub of acuch. Mit chell calls this acacia ' brigalow,' but that is incorrect, for it differs much from it, and I hare seen but two or three real brigalow since wo crossed the ridge divld ing tho Nivo watershed from that of the Victoria. The blacks call this acacia 'gurrt.' Brigalow they call 'noor- wcol.' A little below the second L tree, I found I could pass round the termination of this ecrub. I surrai-e that Leiehardt intcn led leaving the Victoria ut the tree Been by Gregory ; was stopped in his N N.W. course by the same barrier encountered by me, and turned back to camp at the tree found by me, subsequently clearing the scrub whero I rounded it. His track, if he had dry weather, would, on this basaltic soil, be Eoon obliterated. The horses, by the few doyB' rest hero on the best gra?» the Australian colonies afforJ, got into fine condition, and it ?was a pleasuro to see so many fine horses with their coats shining as if they had been t tabled and weli groomed. Journal poom 7th Octobeii to 7th Obcicmbeb, 1861. Monday, 7th October. — There was, much difficulty in catching ihehorsesthis morning, owing to their having im proved to much during tun lust few days' spell. Walter and Larry retur. ed with my letters this morning. Having at last got a start at 10.30, we first went 35° weft of north to ttmur u tscruu, uuu pu^mnj; uy u^iuuittuL s tjuuuuu u true; ut the end of two miles I turned N.N.W., andkopt this ccui'so for fifteen miles, until we pullvd up a smull creek on a myall plain. Tin oountry has bedn to-day a succession of downs and plains, intersected by narrow mid open ecru'i of the ncacia the blaoks cill ' gorrt.' ? Cainp No. 11; rain at night. Tuesday, 8th October.- A fair start at 8.30 j course still N.N..W. At the end of four miles and three- qaartera wo crossed a sandy creek with a large bed but no water ; it wus hero running throusrlt sand-hills, but lower dawn I could see it opened on the dnwns and plains we had been traversing nil morning. On mile beyond this wo killed an emu ; the next five and a half miles'brought us to another creek, but with a pool of water; luckily for the horsca the first mile and a halt was through open acacia scrub, the remainder plain. Wcnowaecendudabighdotrn* ridge, surmounted byu belt of scrub ; wo reached the summit in three miles, still N N.W. Hero were fresh tracks of blaoks. Wo ro»ohed the divis on of waters betwixt the Alice and Victoria.. The ft st creek crossed to-day was no doubt that crossed by Sir Thomas Mitchell, and which he marks on his map as a deep rocky channel. Still N.N'.W, for three miles and a quarter more, crossing one plain, tho remainder open scrub. Wo now turned N. by W. 10 deg. for three miles, u-.d N. hyE. 10 drg., because Jingle thought a creek lay in that direction, for two miles and three-quarters. This lust flvo miles and three- quartans has lieen sandy box country, clothed with a graqslikc knilting- necdl's. We camped without water at dusk ; 1 vrus disgusted to find three paekhorscs missing. All hands at work to make a yard, in which vru enclosed the buses for the night. Wednesday, Oth October.— At daylight Patrick, Jemmy (Cnrguru), and Jinglo stnrteA for the mipainrj horses, and, to my great joy, brought them safe to the camp within half an hour. We now made ha;tc to pack, and murted at eight N. by E. 10 dcg. for three mile?, when wo found a pool of muddy or rather mi'ky-looking water ; tho horses indulged in u good drink, and w« filled two of ojr excellent w.iter b.iga-last night we found tho bemiit of them. I now turned to my conrso again, N N1W.', which wo followed-for four miles, when I discerned symptoms of a wa'orcourso trending N. lyE. lOdeg. A very short dist mcc showed I wus light, and I followed it for three miles through a eerut), when it joined a larger crock, which fljwed W.N.W. This, o eek I followed for thrca miles, t.i oamp at a place futtlc.ently open and well grassed for my purpose. Tlrs cr;ck had, after we came on it, received two tributaries from the N.E., and had now abundance of water; ? po«nibly. but not certoinly permanent. Ono horse ca'.lcd th'3 An ful Dodger gave so mo troublo by plunging pack ami all into a deep watcrhnle ; Mr Macalister and Mr llaughtun got him out with some trouble. Cauip No. 18.— Lxccpt the la-t nix mile, the ground m the si mo sandy box country, with the same grass, an yesterday evening. Thursday, Kith October. — This morning we wou'd have mado a fair start, coiialdcring the scrubby naturo of tho ground, but a, delay took plaoo, owing to Mr Mnoalistor L'oi -l' in search of some hordes, which, were already found and do.'C to camp ; wo stated, therefore, as late as 10.15. Tlio flri-t l\ N.N.W. 25 was through sorub ; we ihen ascended a 'mall range, and travelled over a ti-»leland of sandy gi ound, with the same needle-like grass as yesterday. At the end ol' five miles, we descended into a broad randy i creok, with reeds, and which hud not long cciscd running ; I called this the Patrick, after one of my old comrades (abo ri|$imil) ; another delay of an hour took place, owing to a flour-bag; having been torn. The Patriok now ran N.N.W., 30, and then N.N.W. 25 ; I therefore fol lowed - it far two ' miles und three- quarters ; it now turnei N.W. 45,' but I still followed it, for the he ivy sandy ground and un oppressively hot duy I e.i w was distressing to the horses; at tho end of an other two miles it t'urnod N.N.W. 25, when a half , mile's i ide brouglu us to a long roach of water at which I camped, as tho duy's work wus too much broken into. (Camp No. 14.) Thunder to the westward and southward. I suppiso I am now about nine miles from the Alice. When I left the Victoria, I lay down in pencil, on Mitchell's mapi what I supp sed to be the probable course of the Alice, also n tri butary which exactly unswers'to the creek wo were on last night, and which I havo now oalled the Mncalistor. The Patrick I fo'l in with three miles sooner than I anticipated, but its northerly course makes up for that. I hope to fall in on the other side ol the other Mo of the Alioe, with a tributary coming fiom;thoN.N W,,p nsiblyfrom tho North* Friday, 11th October.— Much trouble in collecting tun horses this n:ornlng, as they have, for tho find lime, split up into four different lots. I sturted Mr Macalister at 10.30 with thirty horses but tho remainder delayed me and Mr Haughton until 1.30. Mr Maonlislcr had travelled N.N.W. by ouin; asp, according to my instructions, and I pulled him upatabea tiful camp, on a small creek, with cicel.ent grass, TUo country utter the first four mile* w us nil plains und downs, intersected by nniill belw of thogorrt. (acuciu) scrub. The last fi.'o milea was over very fine down*, clothed with that excellent grass 1 oil rye (be cause it ulways grows near barley grass). Fron these downs 1 eaw tho range, about twoni; -llv- miles to the cast ; I was too late to murk tho tree this evo-.ing, und accordingly marked it the. next morning, but only with a No. 15, us I was in a hurry to get & start this cool morning. Saturday, 12th October. -To-day wo rode fifteen miles N.N.W. by compnss, ovor fl-.e vtry high downs; crosfedtwo small creeks flowing from them N. by w.,.and camped at the head of a third. The rango now lay about twenty miles east, ? Rodnny, Jinglo, and Jemmy (Coreen) being in tho ad \snoe party to-day, saw very old track* of horses, and ap parently mules, going down tho Patrick. I much regret not Saving seen them, sb they must have been Leichardt's. and betwixt os and it thero was a fine downy valley, evi dently we!l watered. Day cool antl pleasant, and ho.-scs doing well on the excellent fceil. (Cirap No. 1G.) Maiked an usual FW over — . Latitude by observation, 23° ITS. NiRhtrool ; tliermomcUr at dt-yl!gut, 51 ° . Sunday, 13th October. — Our course, N.N.W. by compass, took us down the cieck we had carnpcl on, until it Joined another water in several places. We crossed, this crerk, and at the end of seven miles and n half frnm our camp we crowed a creek full of water, with an anabranch flowing to theS.W. This I take to be the Alice. Hitherto we h' ve been on fine downs all day. Within half a milo we cro sed a tributary coming from tho north, and in another milo another tributary ; hy kerping our course N.N.W. wo again crosf ed the first creek, and at the end of six miles wo came to a fine reach of water too tempting to pns-, so ire camped four miles back ; in the first tributary wo saw tho finest reach of water I have seen this side of the range, and at it was more than one black's camp. About one mile lower down than where we crossed ibe Alice, was a range on the light bank which I hare named Mount Rodney, after one of my Murray men. As all three creeks meet there, I ex cct there mun be a lame quantity of wuter at the foDt of it. (Camp No 17). Tho two tributaries both flow through acacia (gorrt) scrub for the last five mile*, but where wo have camped the country 18 more open with promi e of im provement. It will bo observed that we havo teen very little permanent water J but by following down the watcr courtes into the valley which lay to our right tho last two days I would expect to find abundance. Monday, 14th October Made an excellent start at 8 SO ; the first two miles the country was more thickly covered with tho acacia than suited mo, and as we now had bit tho creek again, I crosfod it ,-ind travelled parallel to it for 1 J' 0 - deg. W. of N. by eoiupais. The country now opened, and I resurred my N.N.W. eompass course ; at the end of two miles erosecd the other creek, and two miles more brought us to the mmmit of the downs ridge which separates tho watershed of the Alice from that of the Thomson. Some low ran gen were seen to the east about five oi fix mile? off, and a small ono on the downs to the west about three miles is probably where the two creeks we have left take their rife. Ten mile* more over the downs, and as wo descended stony p ains brought us to a beautiful river runninir W. by N. This, which is, no doubt, a tributary of theTlumcon, I have called the Co-ccna. Mr Gregory, when he left the Thomson. *ays that river is formtd by tho small watercourses emanating from 'he cand stone ridgcj ; hid I swallowed that, I would not hare ven tured where I am now. Ju-t ahead uf us about ten miles wo have neon the smoke of blacks travelling and burning the grass as they go (against the wind) ; they are evidently going up another river towards the range This is splendid sheep country. I have m doubt that many of the holea in, the Coreendu are permanent; but it is not possbl? to tell which, as that river him not long ceased running. It floods occasionally about a quarter of a mile on each side, except where tho downs approach the lank, which they do about 1J' above the Camp No. 18. T!io gum trees look as if drought were a complete stranger to them, so fresh and healthy looking aro liny. Tue«lay, loth October. -ThU day was one of disappoint ment, for the boy Jemmy Cargara returned at 1.30 without three of the horses which he hnd been seeking since day light. This ir- the fi'Bt time he has failed. I now sent out three men on horse'mck, and they returned with the hones at three. Shortly after I had unsadd ed tho remainder. Coreen Jemmy and S'ntrick reported lnvinfr seen the tracks or n cnnsiderable number of horses. I sent Mr Macaliatcr, Mr Haughton, Jingle, and Coreen Jemmy, to examine them ; they returned and reported there was no doubt of the tracks ; that tbsy wore very old, and had been there near a fine lugoon about two miles above my camp and in wet weather. Aneroid !9.5. Wedncday, 10th October. -Mado an excellent st3rt at 8.30. We went N.N.W. near one mile from camp ; crossed a tributary creek; travelled over plains intersected with gorrt acacia scrub, one rather too clcscly timbered, the other* opnn. At the end of fire miles saw one large soli tary myall tree ; the nsxt livn miles through opon ac icia and narrow but long strips of plainlbrougtu u« to'a wvtcr. eourxe, a black'o camp a few day*' old, and two nice little lagoons— one very promising looking; tho remainder of Ue day was over sandstone nMkc.', clothed with a disagreeable nee ile grass. Four miles from tho lagoons we crossed the wjll-marked tracks of a v,ry l.rH'e party going ? little north of weit. These tracks were vuiy ?Id, and had been made in wet weather. They wi 1 bo visi ble probably for years to come, whereas mine, made in d y weather, will be obliterated the first ruiny Reason. At the end of *wenty-four miles from camp we came on the opposite declivity of the sandstone ridges, and from thence saw a hi(th peak I have called Mount M«callster, being 5 o n'Tth of west by compafs, and another bluff mount which I bave called Mmnt Horsfcldt, nftor my storekeeper. I now pei ceiled why Leichardt's tracks had been going west. Ho probably camped on the Coremda, above where my men saw the horse traoks; thence travelled parallel to my course, and. being higher up on the ridge t, sair the peak sooner thau I did. and turned off towards it, I now saw I wa« getting too intimate with the dividing range, and altered my comso to N.W. by enmpass. One milo brought me to a small watercourse, with manv email pools of temporary water, and, as there was a sttflkiency cf good grass, I camped. (No. 19 ) How is it that the blacks [hero have iron tomahawks 1 One has evidently a brond axe. The Muck* on tho Nive, win are much nearer the settlements, hare only stone tomahawks, — some very fne ones. Thursday, 17th October.— Started at 7 o'clock. Went three miles N W. by compass, when, having crossed a high ridge, we came on a river running to the south of west. This I Lelieve to be the principal head of tho Thomson. Here were seen the old tracks of horses (Leicha dt's camp was probably lower down on thi? river). We proceedfd on the same course for two miles, passing betwixt two basalt ridge?. I now for half a mile diverged to W N.W. to get on a plain, when I resumed the N.W. course for tiro miles orer two basilt ridges. The basalt was injuring our horses' feet, and I turned apain W.N.W. to get on the plains. We crossed a creek in two mile? more, and in another mile a ridge. I was now able to resume the N.W. course, and in three miles wo bit a nice lngoon, and another head of the T tiomson running S. W. betwixt these two, and Roing N.N.W. was again the weli-deflned tracks of Leioliardt's party (he mustharehndaconsiderable quantity of wet weather.) Ho had no doubt from Macalister's Peak perceived hewnsonthevergo of tho desert, and turned again to his old N.N.W. course. At the end of another mile and a half, I turned 25 o north of west to go to a peak rising off tho downs. From this peak, which I reiehcd in three miles and a half, I saw dis played before me an awful wasto of endless plains. My man Patrick, who ascended the peak with me, and who is nceus tomed to the immenso plains of tho Edward ancf Murrum bidgee, was stru-'k with consternation, and he rcmarkc 1 to me, ' There is no t'other tide this country.' Upon leaving this solitary j)nak, which I havo called the Sentinel, I had to turn 10° west of north by compass. We passed betwixt two terminations of ppur?, and in four miles, having crowed one ridge, we came to a gum creek i unning W. by N. Wo searched in vain for water, and had to pusU on over the nex1: ridge, and in three mllca N.N.W wo reached another creek with sufii font water for a day or two. I must stop here one day, for ono of my horses guvo in at the last creek, rnd three of the expedition hortos within bulf a mile of this camp. The day has been oppressively hot. Friday, 18th October.— This morning Mr Haucfhton and Rodney went baok for my mare Nanny. They found her at a pood lagoon within a quarter of a mile from where Jemmy (Coicau) had heen looking for water. One of the expedition horses whick knocked up yesterday is an impostor, for be has carried no load until tho last three days, us, without making a yard, wo could not catch the brute. The other horscn ara apparently as fresh an the morning I left the Victoria River. Jingle and I took a ride for th ce mileB down the creek which run« W.N.W. through the plains. I found another long pool of water, but fast drying up. We went to the top of the next ridge to .get a good view of the ranee. I must still, I see, keep ten degrees west of N. by compass. I observed a high mountain in that direction, with a remarkable gap in it. If a large river tunning to the west does nofri-e thereabouts, I am much decdved. I exoect to cross Leichnrdt's track again to-morrow; of course whether wo *ee it will depend upon whether he was utill travelling in a rainy season or not. The ground dries up here very quick. The thermometer, from 12 to 2 p.m., v rin 90 ° in the shads ; the aneroid is 29 4. I marked a trco V W — 20 under, and another near it IWV, 18th Oct. 1861. The tracks of ihree blucks were seen this morning; they bad passed up a few hours before wo reached tlrs (Suturduv) morning. I have been much misled by a watch I got in Roclihnmpton. I more than once foun'f it had stopped when I compared it with my own, which I carry ia its ease p icked in the pistol bax. It now appears that this must have takm place when I was travelling, not after I had come into eimp, as I suppose I, i or by observations *ak*n from two different stars thia morning our latitude is 21 ° 50', twenty miles morn north than my de:;d reckoning, which previously never differed from the observations moio than three miles. Wo hove travelled over soms very good downs sinfo leaving tne sandstone. Near tho ranges tho grass is sufficiently thick, but at they slope down tu the plain it gets thinner and thinner. Saturday, 19th October.— started at 8, and travelled so well, that by i2.30 wo had completed our seventeen miles We crossed some fine downs ; at the onr1 of tho firnt four milCH we crossed a crce't running W.S.W., nt the end of two more mile* wo crossed another creek running S W., and another milo and a half hrousht us to a third which ran S S.W ; three nviro miles pulled up the last of the wners of tne Thomson watershed. This ono wns running b mth. Wo were now rining fast, and wo travelled two miles upon a plateau of downt. Seeing the gap I bave spoken of a little, on my right, I altered my course from ten degrees west of north by compass, to north, and threo miles more on the name plateau brought me to it. I now turned dnwn tho opposite fnll ten degrees west of north by oompnss, and in three miles pulled up a large creek running in three nml sometimes mnro channels. This creek ia running W.N.W , and is ovidenlly the beginning of a lariru river. Homo very high mountains are now close to us to the north. The aneroid is now 2B-K, or 29 19. T/ic gup wp havo crossed could have been very littlo und»r the height of the main range ; where wo crossed it then the aneroid was 28-9. (Camp No. 21.) Stindiy, 20th October. -Sunday morning, thermometer nt davlicht. HO. A horse of mine o illed Camlnroy, and an old stager, not being satisfied with tho grass, took seventeen homes back with him to the old camp; ho oinBequentlv did notfret away until 12. litecred N.N.W. by eonmass, for twelve miles ore- fine very high basaltic downs, but thinly grassed ill some places ; we passed a tributary of thev creek or river we camped O'i luat night, and oampo i on a muoh larger head of tho samo river, which I have now called tho nuughton, after my companion Mr Richard Haughton ; tho other head T have cal'ed tho Camolor y We unfortun -tely disturbed three blaoks. and thus failed in having an inter view. They left very much worn iron tomahawks in this camp, and I have aitlpd three new onos to it. Tho holo here, though of great size nnd.depth, i« nourly d-y. Thero does not appear to have been nay of the heavy rains hero whioh fell on tho Victoria, as;well '?» in tho const, in July and August. There is no appearance of spring ; tho carrots, instead of being green liko wh.it they wore on the Alice waters, huvo for tho last few days bren q»ito browri und brittle. A reiy high mountain, E.X.K. from tho camp (No. 22), I have called Mount Gillbe- , after Dr Gillbee, who inuved tbo resolution f-ut I should lead this party. Monday, 21st October. - Started at 8 o'clock ; for tho first fire HO ° west of north, when we crossed u tributary of the llaushton, two and a half miles a ime courso tu the lop of a norubbv spur of the range, on which - ntrick shot n turkey. I now had to turn N. by compass to get out on to a pain, which we reached in, two mitts ; turned thtn N. by W. 12 min. by compass, and crossed rnother tributary of tho Haughton. Her.i Nanny gave in ; three of tho men in vain looked for water, and wo had to push on over a ridga for two miles and a half, when tho mare would net go any further. I ran down a ereek W.N.W. for four miles, and then W. by N.for four more, being onticed ou from point to point by tho npncnr.inco of tho gum trees, and the hope of finding water to bring Nanny on to it. I »aw it wa» of no use-, and turned N.W. for haif a mile, and then N. by VV. 10° for two miles, and N. by W. 8 ° ror two miles mnro to ths top of a tap in a mountain I have calif il Pnllux, another to the enst I culled Castor. I had now a fine view of tho eoumry to the north, and with my rflasB saw gurn trees across a plain about flvo mile* off. One of th* paokhorstM horo gate in, and wo hnd to leave it. Wn went down the slopo of the downs for j th.-co miles N. by W. Id', n d then turned N. by K. 10° | two miles, tu somo splenJid rojshoa of water, evidently tho baok water of a largo river. Wo had however to leave four more horses on the downs, and it was dark boforc we got our saddles off. The horsox, parohed with thirst, having had , no water during: a fearfully hot day, rushod into the water, packs a-id all ; luckily no damage wua done, A day's spo isama'.ter of course. Tuesday, i'n'l October — Three of the horum came in by morning, and Mr L'augbton and Patrick fetched the other two. P or Nanny I must leave to her fate, in hopes «he will return lo ihe Haughton; luckily the nights are dcli ciously cool, and I (rare her a bucket of water out of our waler-bags. Mr Ilaughton to'jk water back to ih»horco we lef-. at Mount Pollux. Jingle, in collecting the horses to-day, saw the rivor, irbch he «ays Is as big » the Dawnon : we shall cross it tomorrow, and likewise ancther which I think comeB roond a pt-ak I saw from Mount Puliux bear ing by compa'fl 12° K. of North. Marked a tree FW. ovor ^ over 23. The downii here arc well grarscd. and It the climate is not too hot, thin i» as good sa.cp country as any in An«tralia. I have no d ubtOiat p rmanent water is -o bo found near thin, hut that at our camp woula not stand moro than tf.vcn or eight months. Wcdncfday, 23rd October. -Made a very bad utart, owing to the horse* having split into so many different mobs ; it ?wa« ten o'clock when we left the camp. Within half a milo N.X.W. by comraisi we crossed the river, which is a eandy dry channel SO yards wi.lc; this is an immense width, con sidering how high we are, tho aneroid Btan ing at 2a 15 ; five miles from the camp, on the faamc course, we crossed a latgo tributary, two-thirds of the width of the main river, whioh I havo named tie Barkly, after the Governor of Victoria. Two milts mote N.N.W. brought us to the top ofa basalt ridge, and as a ran go waa new in our way, I turned 32 ° W. ef N for two and a half miles to tho top of another ridge, having crossed a small channel. J now turned 55° W. of N. for cm.e milo, and then W. for one mile to a small creek with two temporary wjterholes and good grass. As I must cross the range, which I take to bo a spui of the main, range, I camped here, notwithing to attempt more to-day. I am glad to pec the horses are ns fresh ngain as ever. I h'ped to croes Leichardt's track, but wo have «cea no cignsof it. As the Barkly is running N.W. I think it probable hn followei it as long as it kept that course. I ? Ruppope this river, whinb I expect receives largo tributaries from* the nwth, in a principal feeder of Stuart's great lake, and that Eyre's C-cek flows into it ; if bo, Burke must havo pulled It up. (Camp No 21. ) The thermometer this morn ing nt daylight was 64 ° , this evening at sundown 80 ° Tiio aneroid 29.16. Night rqually, and aneroid rose to 34.25. Thursday, 24th October.— I expected to make a good start this morning, but seven of the ht.rscs went some distance up the creek to tome water, which Jemmy Curgara p.ijs ho ' thinks is permanent ; this delayed us until 9,;)n. Wlicn I got to the toji or the range I round I wan on nn extensive basaltic table lund. The aneroiil stood at 28.9 The range, with a ptnk which I paw from Mount Pol'ux, stood in tuo midst ot this tableland, and now bore 5 ° W. ( f N. by com pass. Two very high mountains were seen about eighteen miles off; one IO°£. of N , and tbo uther 20°E. of N. Tho basalt was distressing to the hoises, and we could not average two miles an hour. At the end of three nn 1 a half milcc 30 W. of N., we were pulled up by a deep ravine with a la ge creek at the bottom. The ravinn waa lined with cliffs of basalt columns, and it was with somu dililculty wo found a s ope of deiris not too strep for our dnacent, and thon irri'at caro had to bo taken. On reaching tho foot of the clltfs we ran down the orcote for threo miles W. by N. to a fine pool where, we camped, having been live ho irs doing this short distance. I forgot to mark the tree at this camp; it O'ljrhl to have been 25. The creek I have called ths Jinprlc, after one of our men. Friday 2 -tli Ootober.— Made a fair start nt 7 45 a.m. t followed down toe Jingle as I wished to clear the kasuUio ranges if possible; this took me two miles W N.W., four miles W. by N. 10°. two miles W., two miles .W. by.-. 12°, i.nd then cno milo S.W. by W. brought us to a pool where we watered the ;horsea ; within half a mile W. by N. Wo now joined tho Barkly River one mile W. by N, 10 ° to a bit of downs. I now saw that a spur of the same basaltic ranges mutt make tho Barkly run W.S.W., and as thero was no help for it I steered in that direction, crossing the river and camping at the end of three miles at a fine pool of water with nood grass and open country. The beau ideal of a camp which I have marked FW over', 26 under. The largo tribnt-ry which I havo called the Macadam, after tbo Secretary of tho Victoria Exploration Committee, must havu joined tho Barkly at (he back of a npur I set from hero beating 30° S. of E. I had n view of both of them from the tableland, and then a plain separated them. We have had lots of pigeons at this camp ; a lagoon about half a mile from here is re ported by llodnoy to bo permanent ; I shall probably seo it to-morrow. Tho day has been ver^ hot, and yet not oppressively so, owing to a, wind which, nl though blowing from the W. S. W., wus, strange to pay, cool. Wo have generally had cool breezes from the east hithcrward, at night especially. After sundown tho thermometer was lno-annroid 29.2. (To he continued.) Colonial Manupaotukcs and Puize Shooting. — We learn that Mr Gaas, of the Fitzroy Rifles, has made the highest score ever made in the colony, namely, 75 points, in shooting off for the badge in his section. The ammunition uaed by him was manufactured by F. M'D. Miller, West garth street, 1'itzroy. GiurES at Winteb'8 Flat. — One effect of the long continued dry weather has been to produce a second crop of grapes on the vines. Captain Simpson, of Winter's Flat, showed us the other day a number of vines from which a fine crop of fruit was gntheied ovar a month ago. T hn plants are now bearing fresh bunches, which are fast being developed, and need only a heavy shower to moisten the soil to become as large as the pre vious ones. We are not sufficiently versed in the art of vine culture to say whether the event is novel in this colony or the reverse, lvut it seems to prove the remarkable adaptation of the climate to the vine.— H. A. Mail, 4th April. Assault an» Robbeky. — On Saturday evening about eight o'clock, as a man named Walker, a contractor, was on his way home in, Campbell street, near the Queen's Hotel, he was stopped by three men, who took from him a watch nnd half a-crowr. in money. ' Occurrences of this character are by no meuns rare in the neighbourhood. Oa tho next, Sunday, morning, a poor woman who had coma into town to receive the amount of her husband's earnings, the which she had given her in the shape of a cheque for £5, and some other moneys. She was on her way home, and when near Bissett's store, in Barker- street, two mea rushed upon her, seized her by the throat, thus rendering her speechless, and immediately tore away her pocket containing the money. Not con tent with the robbery, ono of the miscreants at tempted further violence ; this his companion dis suaded him from, saying in obtaining the money they had got all they required. We trust that during the approaching dark nights of winter, extra police protection will be placed in these distrieis. — dasllemaine Daily News, 8th April. A Naked Man. — Some two or three months since, as a lady was walking up Hargrave street, in the dusk of the evening, a naked man suddenly) made his appearance near the Savings' Bank. The same, or another, was seen by several indivi duals on the same and two consecutive nights, at different parts of the town. On Saturday night last, a naked man was again seen near the corner of Doveton and Barker streets. A poor woman passing, suddenly met him, and was, as may naturally be expected, wpII nigh frightened into fits. Having communicated the circumstance to the first man she afterwards met, and directed him to the place, he likewise saw him, but failed in his endeavor to capture from the lightness of foot of the naked one. The audacious scoundrel, it seems, afterwards kr.ockod at several doors of dwellings at the upper end of Hargrave street, occupied by unprotected ones. Surely a little well-directed exertion, on the part of the police, would put an end to such unseemly occut rtiiiceu. The madness that would prompt a man to expose . himself naked on a public thoroughfare, during a bitter cold night like that of Saturday last, would be quite sufficient reason for well-grounded fear in any sound mind. Some three years n^o, the same thing occurred frequently. The naked ono was then called a ghost, and the novelty of the tiling excited a great amount of supwstitinn, wonder and exaggeration.— Oastlemaim VaUy News, 8th April. Hakd Sweahino and IIaiid Drinking — While the trial of Peisley was going on on Thursday last, a witnesB named Mrs Wilson was called ; and the following lively conversation took place between her and the Attorney- General : — Attor- ney-Gen ral: What's j'our name ? Mrs Wilson: Jane Wilson, your worship. Attorney General : Had you anything to drink on the day named r Mrs Wilson.: No, your lordship. Attorney General: Will. you swear it?. Mrs Wilsoa : No, . your Honor. Attorney- General : Will you swear you hid not one glass ? Mrs Wilson: W.41, I might have had one. Attorney- General - What do you generally drink — gin ? Mrs Wilson : No, I drink nothing stronger than brandy. Attorney General : You might have had two glasfes ? Mrs Wilson: Well, I might. Attorney- General : You might have had three ? Mrs Wilson : Well, I think I .had three. Attorney- General: You might have had a dozen ? Mrs Wilson : Well, I think I had about that much. Attorney- General: Were you not drunk? Mrs Wilson : No, only a little fresh. Attorney -General : Could you stand c Mrs Wilson : Not well, I fell down three times in about five minutes. — Wetiern Examiner. Tested my Crinoline. — The Buninyong Council recently got into a sort of quandary respecting the siiie and style of the gates made for the conve nience of foot passengers into the newly laid out Botanical Gardens. Some councillors objected to their size as being too small to admit ladies with an amplitude of crinoline. An official of the Council assured that body that they were all right, and as his better half was known to have a predilection in faror of hoops and broad skirts, he had actually tested the size of the gates by re questing 'her to pass through, a feat which she accomplished without much difficulty. Coun cillors generally seemed perfectly satisfied with 4 the explanation, and the gates were proclaimed all 'right.' Tub AoanEQATB Population of our colonies and dependencies is 195,000,000 souls their im port and export trade ir valued at £176,001,000 ; their Tevenue ot £4i,O00.O00 ; and the amount of their imparts Irom the mother country at jtl 6,000,000, being nearly one-third of our totjd exports to ail countries. — English paper. ^ 