SIR BULWER LYTTON'S EARLY FICTIONS. (By an English Critic.) To mcroly collect into a volume llio axioms and maxims from tlio works of Bulwcr would be a mcst interesting task, and it would form a rich volumo ot lessons on all sides of human nature. In nono of our novelists have wo any wealth at all approaching to this. Tlieso writings abound with epigrammatic sentences, reminding us of Voltaire ond of Bochefoucault- They spnrklo liko crystals ; thoy shoot forth dork and keen darts of light or firo of satire, or observation remcmberablo nnd pertinent ns the saying of strong tliinkora, or tho linos of great poets. It is noticcablo that 11 ley abound more in tlio cnrlior works ; tlicro is a epitoful feline brilliancy about mnny of tlieso sayings, not unliko the bluo spark wo think wo extract from tho oat when wo Btrobo her backwards in tlio lnmploss room. 'This is n eliarncterislio of tlieso inon, nnd tho minds that havo observed tho world without learning the great lessons of love. Now, much of that per- tinent smarlness which wo admire derives nil its force from pctulnncn nnd spito — from linto and spleen ; for what is entire, but imagination sharpened on tho bono of liato or scorn ? All tile first works of Bulwcr represent tho phase of moral history in which tho world is despised. At any rate, this is tho effect tho artist has produced. Evoiy one of them is tho insight of scorn into tlio world's hollow heart, and therefore they all abound with tlio smart sayings of philosophic wit. Yet wo linvo norightto identify thewriter with theso charac ters, although ho must liavo booh tlicm and lived through thorn. Wit may oxist in tho mind in mallietio proportions, not vicious do formitieg. It may bo tlio acid in tho cup of life, without poisoning tho whole cup. In tho early volumes of our writor wo have far moro wit than humour ; indeed, the humour seldom appears at all. Thcro is a sharp, pungont querulousncFs when speaking of tho world and tho world's ways, exhibiting moro painfully tho soro heart and tho unsatisfied spirit — tho fox gnawing beneath tlio Spartan cloak. "Wife aripca in ua from our seeing things in angles. Wit is tho wintry frost— tho shorp needle- point stinging tho skin. Humour is tho wntor of life, genial and warm in tho summer sunshine. They aro both tho essence of life ; but the ono beneath tlio frost, tho other benenth tlio sunbeam. The language of wifci?, "I laugh and I de spise tlio language of humour is, "I laugh, but I lovo." Hcnco wo find truly enough that wit is moro the property of bad mon, -as humour is tho mental property of good mon. .- UiH«a OWHIi UI9UIIUIIUIIB IJTlUjOUr modifies, ond Bhndcs, and softens characlor. Ilumour is tho language of feeling ; wit is tlio result of spiteful I bought. " The Caxtons " of our author is a work of genuino humour. But in most, of our nutlior's "other works wit is predominant. Montal evolvcment rather than moral teaching. Theso writings strike us us those of ono who would lovo men if ho could trust thorn, but the first thought to. all mon is to suspect them. That is what tho world docs for us. And. ho-, has certainly- drawn to tho very life a gallory .of very bad men, repeating that portrait, how ever, in many instances. Thus Lord Maulo- verer, in " Paul Clifford," i'b just tlio same person as Lord , Lilburn, in " Night and Morning," or Lord Vargravo, in "Earnest MnUravers," and 'Corporal Bunting, in "Eugono Aram hiid certainly one of tho most perfectly rieli and natural of all our author's paintings is only a Lilburn or a Maulovoror wanting their rank or opportunity for vice. Bulwcr, in his early "writings, Boemcd to be related to tho family of. humanity rathor by the brain than the heart. His heart is large and intense. And. we see occasionally, nay, frequently, liow-rich his affections aro which mostly slumber thcro; but it is -the brain that has been most taxod and laborious. The brain is his moBt restless and fervid force. -There is a sharp intellectualism over. all his writings. ' Wo scarcely know nnotliar writer who has eaten so much of tho forbidden fruit. And you cannot read without yourself plucking too of the troo of knowledge of good and evil. Ho lias trodden restlessly ond l gloomily through tho regions of dark kuowlodgo ond occult ideas. Wo do not soy there is not muoh moral surgery in those writings, but tho writor comes immediately to tho surgery from tho dissecting room. Moral morbidity frequently moets us, and then wo liavo tho wit— tho wit of tlio ghastly old scaroorow, Lord Maiiloverer, his scheming old brain wiggod, and his leathern jaws rongod, , ond from his nightcap pleasantly laying plans for tlio soduction or marriage of innocence. His wit-liko Lilburns — -they disgust. us ;. thoy. aro liko tlio putrid exhalations of tho bluo vampyro light wliioh go crcoping about ovor graves and oliarnols. Thus tho reader will find, in the course of tho work, abundanco of those wise aphorisms of life, intuition, and experience, with which all, and especially tho latest works of the writer, abound. Many of them may bo regarded as the proverbialism of tho super natural. Wo will venture to quoto a page of those brilliant aud romcmborablb words : — Conscience. — "Tho prime olemont of a sound understanding is consoionco itself." Prayer . — " Of allgenoral laws, I know or none more general than tho impulso which bids men pray,— all tho phenomena of natura wo can conceive, however startling and incx- perionceu, do not mako. the. brutes pray; but there is not a troublo that oan liappon to man but his iinpulso is to pray, — always provided, indeed, that ho is not a philosopher." TPowaH.— "Between tho outward and tlia inward woman, thero is oyor a third woman- such ns tlio wholo -human' boitigappoui-s to tho world — always mantled, sometimes maskod." . Soul and Conscience . — " Thcro is no con soionco whoro bouI is wanting." A Lost Soul.—" When tho mortal dolibo- ratoly allies . himself to tlio spirits of evil, ho surrenders - tho citadel of his being to tiie guard of bis enemies. - The intellect, armed by tlio passions, Iisb bosicgcd and oppressed tlio soul ; but the soul has never ceased to repine and toropont." I Modern SpirihtaUsm.— " I feel a fear lest in tho absorbing interest of researches wliioh tend to inoreaso to a marvellous degree tho power of man over all matters, animate or innnimnto, I may havo blunted my own moral porcoptions, and that there may bo much in thoknowlcdgo which I sought and acquired from tho puro desire of investigating hidden truths, that could be moro abused to purposes of tremondous evil than bo likely to co .duce to benignant good." The Facts of Forlidden Knowledge. — " They aro tho keys to masked doors' in tho ramparts of nature, which no mortat can pass through without rousing dread sentries novor seen on this sido of lior wall." Scientifio Errors. — " The mistake wo mako in some al ienee wo havo specially . cultivated is often only to'bo seen by tho light of 11 separate science as specially culiivatod by another." Contemplation. — " Tho soul has need of pauses ot reposo — intervals of- escape, not only from tho flesh, but oven from the mind. Tho soul has a long road to travel— from timo to eternity. Its demands its halting hours of contemplation." Slander. — " Tho oddor, that dwells in cities — Slander." The Teaching of Ealure.—1' It is with somo charactors ns with tho subtler and more othorcal order of poets. To appreciate thorn, wo must suspend tho course of artificial life. In tlio city we call them dreamers; on the mountain top vye find them interpreters." Spirits. — " Tho first blockhead wo meet in our walk to our grooor's can tell us moro than the ghost tells us ; tlio poorest ouvy we over arouBcd hurts us moro than tho demon." Tiie Credulity of Sceptics.—" « Tlio human mind, said Luthor, 'is liko a drunkard on horseback ; prop it on ono aide, and it falls on tho othor.' So tho man who is much too enhghlonod to bolievo in a peasant's roligion, is always sure to set up inano superstition of his own." It would bo very eoey to lengthen by many pages tlieso short happy utterances. They are abundantly strewn along tho pogos of the W irk. Tains op Eari.t Bisino. — It is most de pressing and miserable work, getting up at candlelight It is impossible to aliavo com fortably ; it is impoeeibio to find anything you wsnt. " Sleep," says Sancho Panza, " covers a mon nil ovor liko n mnntlo of comfort; but rising before daylight onvolopos tho en'iro being in perfect misery." An indescribabla vacuity makes itself felt in tbo epigastric regions, nnd a leaden heaviness weighs upon heart and spirits. It must ba a considerable item in tho hard lot of domestic sor-. vants, to liavo to got up through all tlio wiutor months in tho cold, dark hotiBe ; let us bo thankful to tlicm, through whoso Ituinblo labours and eolf-dtninl wo find tlio cheerful firo blazing in tho tidy breakfast parlour when wo find our wny down stairs. That Bamo apartmont looked cheerless enough wlion tho housemaid ontered it two hours ngo. It is and, when you are lying in bed of a morning, lazily unconscious of that circling amplitude of comfort, to hear the childly cry of tho poor sweep outsido ; or tho tread of tho poor factory hands shivering by in their gnrmonts towards the great cotton mill, glaring spectral out of its many windows, but at least with a coBy sug gestion of warmth and light. Think of tho bnker, too, who toso in tho dark of midnight, tliot those hot rolls might appear on your breakfast tnblo ; and of tbo printer, intelligent, active, acourato to a degree that you careless folks who put 110 points to your Idlers liavo litllo idea of, whoso labours havo given you thnt damp sheet which . in n littlo wliilo will fool so crisp and firm after it has beon duly dried, and which will tell you all that is going on nil over tho world, down to the opera which closed at twelve, and tho parliamentary doba'o which was not over till half-past four. It is good occasionally lo l-iso nt five on a December morning, that you may feel how much you are indebted to somo who do so for your sake all winter through. No doubt they get accustomed to it ; but so you may by- doing it always. A great mnny pcoplo living easy lives liavo no idoa of tho discomforts of rising by candlelight. Probably thoy hardly ever did it ; when they did they had a blazing fire and abundant light to dress by, ond even with theso advantages, which essentially change tlio nature of tho enterprise, they linvo not done it for very long. — The Country Parson. An I I.L-A8S0RTED Pair. — Lady Clydes dale was about to accompany her husband to a tremendous State-dinner, the best being ono of the greatest personages in this realm, next to royalty — no other than the Duke of Cnmclot. When she ontne down, ready to start, one would have thought it impossible to have found a fault In her toilette. But the Harl chase to consider himself an authority on femi nine attire, nnd chanced to be in a particularly captious humour ' that evening : the ground colour of Helen's dress — a dark Mazarine blue —did not plonsc him nt all, though nothing could match better with her parurc of sapphires and diamoads. . She listened to his comments nnd strictures without contradicting tlicm, appa rently not thinking the subject worth discussion : her silent indifference irritated Clydesdale exces sively. At Inst lie said — " Helen, I positively iuslst on your taking oil' tlmt dress; there will bo time chough if you go up immediately. Do you hear inc ?" For an instant she seemed to hesitate ; tben she rose, with an odd smile on her proud lip — " Yes, there will lie time enough," she said, nnd so left the room. But minutes succeeded minutes, till it wns evident that the conventional "grace" must even now be ex ceeded, and still no re-appearance of Helen. The Earl could control liis feverish impatience no longer, and went up himself, to hurry lien He opened the door hastily, and fairly started back, In wrath nnd astonishment, nt tho sight lie saw. The Countess was -attired very much ns Maud Brnbnzon found her when she paid the midnight visit that you may remember. Perhaps her dressing robe wns n shade more gorgeous, but there was no mistaking its character. There she sat, buried in the depths of n luxurious causa ise, her little feet crossed on the fonder, (it was early spring and the nights were cold) ; all the massy coils of cunningly wrought plaits aud tresses freed from artistic thraldom, n half-cut nnvcllcttc hi her hand,— altogether, the prettiest picture of indolent comfort, but not exactly the " form" of a great lady expected nt a ducal banquet. The furious Blood flushed Clydesdale's face to dark crimson. " What — what docs this mean?" lie stammered. Ilis voice was not a pleasant one nt any time, and rage did not mel low its tone. Tho superb eyes vouchsafed one careless sidc-glnncc, a gleam of scornful amuse ment lighting up their languor. " The next timo you give your orders," she replied, " you had hotter be more explicit : you commanded me to take off that blue dress, but you said nothing about putting on another. Perhaps my second choice' might not have pleased you cither. Besides, one is not called upon to dress twice, even for a State dinner. You can easily make a good excuse for me: if tho Duke is very angry, Twill mnke my pence. with liiin myself. I'm sure lie will not benr malice long." Now, putting predilection and prejudice, aside, which do you think was most in the wrong The. Earl wns unreasonable and tyrannical, first; but under the circumstances, I do think he "did was actually afraid to trust hiinself longer in the room, and hurried downstairs, growling outsomo of his choicest anathemas (not directed, it must i be owned) ; ns has been hinted before, Clydcs- ' ilnlo "kept at least one liecording Angel in full employment. The spectacle of marital wrath did not seem grcntly to appal the wilful Countess. She heard the door of the outer chamber close violently, without starting nt the crash, and settled herself comfortably to her book again,1 as if no Interruption had occurred. —"'Barren Honour," in Frnscr's Magazine. Undemonstrative Beauties. — Lucy Floyd" was the most undemonstrative of women, nnd, except by her blushes, nnd her drooping eyelids, nnd the tear-drop trembling upon the soft auburn lashes, she made 110 reply to the captain's nppeal, until at last, taking her hand iu his, ho won" from lior n low-consenting murmur which meant yes. Good Ilenvcns!" bow hard it is upon such women ns tho=e that they feel so much, aud yet display so little feel ing. The dark-eyed, impetuous creatures, who speak out fearlessly, nnd toll you that they love or hate you, flinging their arms round your nock or throwing the carving-knife at you, ns tlic ease may bo, get full value for all their emotion ; but these geutle creatures love, anil make no sign. They sit, like Patience on a monument, smiling nt grief; aud no one rends the mournful menniug of tlmt sad smile. Concealmeut, like the worini' the bud, feeds on their damask chocks; and compassionate relatives tell them that they are bilious, nnd recommend Cockle's pills, or some other homely remedy, for their pallid com plexions. Tlicy are always nt a disadvantage. Their inner life may be a tragedy, all blood and tears, while their , outer exlstoiico is some dull domestic drama of cvery-dny life. The only outward sign Lucy Floyd gave of the condition of her heart, wns that one tremulous, half-whis pered affirmative ; aud yet what a tempest of emotion was going forward within 1 Tho muslin folds of lior dress rose nnd fell with the surging billows; hut, for the very life of lier, she could have uttered 110 better, response to Talbot's pleadings.—' Aurora Floyd," in Tannic Bar. In a largo party, one evening, the conversation turned upon young men s n llowanccs nt collce Join Sherldun lamented llio ill-Judging parsimony of mnny parents in this respect. "Lira sure, Tom said the rathor, "you need not complain: Inlwavs allowed you tlirro hundred a year "_> Tcs. f.illVXr I must confess you nllowcd It, but then It wns never p&i;'ii Skinning the Quack.— A country editor, having showaup a qutiok doctor in no very enviable colours, received from the Utter a leather medal (of eslf-skln) " as a remuneration for his services." Tlio knight of the quill, in reply, tbankedhim most sincerely, and only regretted that his benefactor should have under- Siorihsr Mnn"J to furui1"1 ,hc mtc- 