THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. THE JAPANESE COURT. (FROM THE TIMES.) There is one portion of the Exhibition which i has scarcely yet been properly explored, or, at least, has not attracted the amount of attention i it really deserves We mean the court allotted 1 to Japan. This small but interesting c» lection is one which will well repay the visit i All who do examine it leave it with regret that the collection is not larger, for there it scarcely an object shown which does not g jp hoarseness and special insight into the habits of this extraordinary people. It is unnecessary, to say that this collection is not forward o t by the Japanese themselves. It is not, there. fore, a representative exhibition, either c of their mi2 or industry, such as they possibly night wish to snow. It 12 simply a series of cabinets containing specimens of the industrial'' and art manufactures of the country, collected by the very few individuals who have seen it, the chief exhibitor being Mr. Rut»/ ford Alcock), Her Majesty's Envoy to the Tycoon. As we have laid, therefore, only enough is shown to excite our admiration, and stimulate our wish to see more. But, small as is the collection, it is large enough to prove the skill of the people in their own manufactures, and in ours, too, and, above all, to show that the general disposition of the > leoplolcans to broad comic fun. There wool clip Leech in Iticgland, but in Japan there may, be hundreds, if not thousands. To be satisfied of this, one has only to examine the wonderful col I k action of little metal buckles for fastening th I dress, shown by Mr. Alcock The designs of some of these are irresistibly grotesque, and at one i recall to mind the little black wood cuts with which Mr Leech began his connexion with Punch. Probably every object in this collection is by a different artist, yet, though in some the designs are so minute as to require a magnifying. glass to see them well, all are treated with the same broad humour, so that it is almost impoe able to avoid downright laughter as you examine them There is one figure of a man under. venturing to coax a snarling dog, which is in evitable in is funny expression, and so also the expression on another's face who is frightened by a ghost. And all those works, the reader must remember, are not mere sketches, but are solid little pieces of metal work, the background being of bronze and the raised figures in rest being either gold, silver, steel, or platinum or, as in most cases, of all four metals intermixed It is evident from the platinum being so freely used here that the metal must 1 be much more common with the Japanese than with us, and that the secret of melting. I it, to which our chemical knowledge has only j just attained, has long been known to them j In the adaptation of bronze to ordinary Earnest, t j ] purposes, such as inkstands, tobacco jar, candle i sticks, and the like, there is wonderful ingenuity j shown There is a bronzed tripod candlestick, so ingeniously hinged that it folds up into the su ! if a small envelope, and not much thicker. B< j the side of this case is shown an object which r 1 one of the most curious of all in the whole building. It is a small window blind, made apparently of rods of twisted glass strung together. The and: are as hard, as clear, and as sharp as glass. be the visitor examine it attentively, and then be here, if he can, that it is made of rice. of all who have seen, or who are yet to see, this wonderful little screen of rods, we venture to say not a hundred will believe them to be other than what they seem to be-pure glass Yui Mr. Alcock asserts that they are made from a gelatine of note, and his statement is born cut by the fact that, hard and sharp as they are they sound when knocked together like sticks of soft wood in the side of the case where the metal buckles are shown, we find in a collection of ivory carvings fresh proofs of the art, skill, ; and comic genius of the people. Let anyone examine the litter of puppies sprawling over each ' other, the grotesque look of pain on the face of the woman who has been started by a fox, and tumbled forward with her fingers under the edge of a basin, the triumphant aspect of the compo men figure, who has succeeded in clapping his I basin down on the fox. Yet, notwithstanding their wonderful finish, all these figures are so small that they might be worn as brooches. Opposite. the case is one of porcelain, in which is a large plate that represents two Japanese ladies wearing , French bonnets and shawls, with deeply flounced , silk dresses spread out by such an amplitude of I cirnolinoBB even our belles seldom venture on. | One has a telescope with which she is pointing to the sea with an air of fashionable nonchalance, while the other figure, to still further exemplify European habits, has her gloved hand filled with Dr een apples In the background are two other Japanese ladies, dressed in the costume of the country, and who are shrinking with horror and astonishment from their strangely attired sisters. This ceramic caricature tells its own tale. The attitude of the Europeanized Japanese lady pointing to the sea whence the barbarians are to come, the fidelity with which our dress and very walk is copied all show it to be meant as a warning sa are of what will result to Japanese costumes and customs if once the Europeans are admitted within the pale of their strange community. It is a curious illustration of their manufacturing skill that a passing joke like this should be represented in such a cost y medium as this beautifully finished porcelain. The specimens of eggshell porcelain shown in this case are, if anything, almost thinner than egg- shell. Even the renowned specimens of this china made at Worcester are mere earthenware compared to them. The show of arum and armour is not great, though the Japanese, as might be expected from a people among whom the sword is an insignia of rank the first three lay classes having the right to wear two-manufacture blades of the most exquisite temper. A good weapon IS handed down as an heirloom from generation to generation, and so sharp and well-balanced are the blades, and so dexterous are the people in the use of their favourite weapon, that their best swordsmen con, it is said, cut a man in, two at a single blow. Among the weapons here is a formidable short double edged sword, taken from one of the party of assassins who attacked the house of the English Embassy at Jeddo by night last year The best Japanese sword makers, it is said, get as much as £100 for a single blade. This sum, however, is, perhaps, not very great among a people who possess gold in such prof a sion that its value appears to be estimated at little more than twice or three times that of timber. The coinage is shown in the collection. The silver coins are thick and square ; those of gold are large, but thin, and have the corners rounded off, The largest coin of the latter kind is about three inches long by two inches broad, and its value is only equal to 30s. of our currency. it is certainly thin, but there must, nevertheless, be at least £3 worth of gold in it. You. amply as they seem to be supplied with gold and silver, the Japanese have found their way to a paper currency, and their notes for various amounts, all of which are oblong, like the coins, are shown near the money. In paper, the manufacturers of Japan have undoubtedly attained an excellence and skill of which we in Europe know nothing, There are paper waterproof coat s, paper leathers, paper parasols, and paper pocket handkerchiefs. Some of the paper leathers are as strong apparently as any hides that ever left a lanyard. There is a large collection of the differ- ent kinds of paper used for paperhangings, for vi i ting, printing, and for wrapping up parcels, and, in fact, the different qualities and kinds of paper seem infinitely more numerous than our own, and in their combinations are efficiently applied to such purposes as are not thought of here. The different specimens of printing are also shown. There is a Japanese Court Guide; a directory which gives the names, ranks, and abodes of all the notabilities of the empire; there are a set of Japanese playbills For the there is even a more fashionable place of resort in Jeddo than London-a Japanese to cyclopaedia, and some children's story books which the comic genius of the people enables them to illustrate with the most racy humour. At the eastern end of the court is a most valuable collection of Japanese drugs and surgical in statements. Of the value of this pharmacopoeia we can, of course, give no opinion, beyond saying that all their medicines scorn derived from herbs. Their surgical instruments, however, are as numerous and as formidable as if the Japanese were accustomed to have railway accidents on a colossal scale every day in the week. One thing is evident of their surgery, which is, that the terrible practice of resorting to actual cautery is still maintained, and the irons used in this dreadful operation are shown with the other instruments. In this brief sketch, however, we have merely enumerated the heads of the most interesting departments in the collection. The visitor will soon find many others equally interesting. HIGHWAYMAN OPERATING NEAR BALLARAT. -One day last week, a man in the employment, of Mr. Burrows, slaughterman, Watsons-hill, | was coming out on horseback from Ballarat to t'mytbeEdalo, a highwayman attacked him on the reef near the Redan hot el, and ordered him to deliver up his purse. The traveller stated that he had no cash about, him, but the problem was not content with that declaration, and commanded him to turn out his pockets. The traveller prudently complied with the order, and as the result corroborated his statement, he was permitted to pursue his journey in safety. Uren tille Advocate, Sept. 30. I DltOWHED.-An old man named Jemmy, who was engaged in shepherding, and who lived on the other side of the river, met with sudden death by drowning, on Thursday morning last. It appears that Jemmy and another man were crossing the river in a small bark canoe, with the intention of visiting the town, when, by some unlucky accident, Jemmy overbalanced himself, fell into the river, and was drowned. This is the third fatal accident which has occurred on the river within the period of forty-eight hours. A E badge or ferry-boat is much needed. -Lachlan I I (never, 8p'. "". 