A WORD FOE AUSTRALIA. The People of this PROVINCE have travelled 15,000 miles from the mother country; not be-<*> cause they were disloyal to their Queen, not be-<*> cause they were impatient of the restraints of a lawful Government, not because they liad trans ferred their affections from tlie institutions and i customs of their fatherland to those of foreign nations. They came here hoping and resolving to build up another Britain; to assist in laying the foundations of another England; they came hither with the fondest recollections of the home of their childhood, the home of their fathers ; aud from the hour of theirlaadingno ideahas been more constantly before the mind, than the idea of reproducing in this hemisphere the good old laws, usages, and institutions of England. There may have been a little " ignorant im patience of taxation," a little love of roaming and desire to seek a wider and more promising sphere for enterprise; but in epite of all draw backs, it is the pride of the people of this colony to be still a portion of the British Empire, and with all its faults they lore it stilL Being honestly conscious of the loyalty of this community, and of their desire to frame all tbe institutions of the land —not upon American but upon British maxims, we have read with equal sorrow and astonishment the frequent at tacks of late made upon us by the press of England. We are too profoundly impressed with the conviction that tiie English press 'Means what is fair and just, to suppose for a moment that the misrepreeentatioiis of which we hare to complain are wilful; but most cer tainly—so far as this colony is concerned —more extraordinary misstatements could scarcely be put ia type than those upon which the re proachful comments of English jour nalists have been based. We feel deeply convinced that those papers which have thus heaped reproach upon Australian institu tions would not only have withheld that reproach had they been more fully and more impartially I informed, but that iv many instances instead of censure praise would have been awarded. The October mail presented us with a pretty j good lecture firom the Times, but the same mail brought us au antidote in the shape of a well reasoued aud manly defence of the colonies by the Daily News. Whether the Daily Netos made the Times ashamed of itself or not, we cannot say, but the great leviathan of journalism did not renew its attack. The November mail, tnirabile dictu, brings us, however, a terrific castigation at the hands of tiie Daily News in the shape of a leading article headed " From a Correspondent." Of course, we understand that this phillipic is not a Daily News leader, but simply a "Correspondents" letter, exalted into leader type, for reasons best known to the writer and the editor. We beg to call especial attention to this circumstance. The Daily News receives "from a correspondent" a letter filled with misrepresentation _ and I abuse of this colony and its institu tions. That letter is not published in the "Open Column," bnt is glorified by all the adventitious aids of large type and prominent position. But whilst thus exalted as a leader, it is a leader that the Editor is shrewd enough not to make himself responsible for, so he publishes it with the prefix—" From a Correspondent." It is not at all surprising that a writer can be found to abuse the institutions of South Aus tralia. In what community are there not similar persons ? A man's worst enemies are often to be found amongst his own relatives, and if there are those who know enough of South Australia to write leading articles in her dispraise, it is no more than may be said of New South Wales, Victoria, in fact any other colony,.nation, or community under the sun. Consequently we are not surprised to find that this colony has to share the common lot, as respects abuse, misrepresen tation, and calumny. Perhaps if the Daily News had published the name of the " cones pondeat" who wrote the article now referred to, we might have been able to give our contem porary come information on the subject of this terrible onslaught. But we do not know the writer, and, therefore, all we can say about him is that he utters falsehoods, concocts slander, and deals unjustly. The Times and Daily News —followed by two or three of the weekly organs—ask whether Great Britain has not been precipitate in granting self-government to these colonies; and having started this question, proceed to show that the parent country was precipitate in placing our political destiny in our own hands. And how is this shown? The detractors ofthe Australian colonies scrape together everything that can found objectionable in the several members of the group, and having thus shown that something in one colony and something in another colony is objectionable, contend that the follies and foibles of the whole group are a sufficient reason why self-government should not be granted to any one of the number! Thus, Borne absurd scheme is launched in New South Wales, some popular folly is exhibited in Victoria, and these are added to some doubtful movement in this colony, in order that by the union of all the follies of all the colonies, a case may be made out against each in detail. One would suppose tbat if a public writer wished to prove that New South Wales was unfit for self-government, the evidence in sup port of that proposition would be drawn from New South Wales itself; or that, if it were his object to prove that Victoria or South Australia should be again placed in leading-strings, the mis doings of each of those colonies would be collated separately, and kept apart, in support of the allegation against each. But no; that will not do. To show that New South Wales is unfit for self-government, all the follies of Victoria and South Australia are raked up; and to show that South Australia is unfit to rule her own destinies, all the excesses of society in New South Wales and Victoria are superadded to her own delinquencies! First of all, every thing in all the colonies to which the writer objects is soaped and heaped together, and this is then made the basis of operations against the freedom of each colony in particular. Thus, New South Wales is unfit for self-government because Borne one in Victoria proposes payment of members; and becanse in South Australia the Parliament vote for the removal of Judge Boothby. The same aguments are then shifted to suit Victoria, and to suit Sonth Australia; so that if the Daily News can deprive us of our Constitution, and place us nnder military law, it I will be, not only because we object to Judge < Booihby overriding the Parliament, but because Sydney diggers expelled the Chinese at Lambing i Flat, and because a certain clique in Melbourne are in favor of protective duties! We really think if South Australia is to be put upon her defence, she should be held accountable for her own conduct only, and not for that of Victoria and New South Wales. The-reducers of the Australian colonies in the mother country are always repeating one most palpable injustice, namely, they confound ,' propositions which are rejected with proposi tions which are legalised. Suppose there were rowdies, and protectionists, and would be mob senators, and anti-immigrationists ; so there have been in England, but the British Parliament is notdenounced for measures which when proposed are scouted. And we can tell the Daily News and the anonymous caluminatoVs of this colony, that South Australians must wonderfully change before they sanction any of the wild schemes and mad experiments which may, notwithstand ing, be occasionally projected in this hemisphere, as they have been for years past in England, We claim to be judged—not by propositions made but by resolutions carried, and by per formances effected; —not by what is said and done in other colonies, but by what is said and done in our own; and we challenge the Daily News or the Times to point to any chapter in the history of this province derogatory to its loyalty or its moderation. But we will deal with tbe principal objections seriatim. It is alleged that the Australian colonies are unfit for self-government, because the very men who were brought out at the expense of the public, now protest against further immigration. We answer that if this were so it would not prove that the colonies are unfit for self-govern ment until after it is demonstrated that the stop page of immigration was wrong. A few years ago we had thousands of unemployed immigrants in this province, fed with Government rations, and employed on works which the Government undertook purely to furnish the clamorous multi tudes with work. The French idea of establish ing national ateliers was repugnant to the people of this colony, and ultimately immigration was suspended. But what b the case now? Why the Parliament of South Australia, the Parlia ment of Victoria, the Parliament of New South Wales, and tiie Parliament of Queensland, have each and all voted in faoor of resuming im migration. The stoppage of immigration was but temporary, and we are prepared to defend the policy of its suspension at the time when it was stopped in this province. Now, however, it is resumed in all the colonies; —a fact unknown to or ignored by those who plead the suspension of immigration as evidencing the unfitness of these colonies to govern themselves. That they know how to regulate the labor market by suspending immi gration when labor is superabundant and by resuming it when that superabundance is absorbed, is, in our opinion, one of the strongest arguments in support of the fitness of the people to administer their own local affaire. It is also alleged that the Australian Parlia ments are filled with the ofiscouring of society, who vote themselves annual salaries out of the public revenue, and traffic in government for a living. This is grossly false. No Australian colony has adopted the principle of payment of members. There are individuals who wish it, and so there are in England, but the pro position has never been legalised. Leaving the other colonies to answer for themselves, we dis tinctly aver that in South Australianothing is less likely than payment of members. In the Legis lative Council (consisting of 18 members) there is not —to our knowledge—one single member in favor of the practice; and in the House of Assembly (consisting of 36 members) not more than three who advocate that view. It is quite as likely that members will be paid in England as that they will be paid here. And nothing can be more diametrically opposed to truth and fact than tiie statement sometimes made that the lower classes predominate in Parliament. It is not so in any one of the colonies; but in South Australia, which we are primarily interested in defending, the statement is the vety contrary of the truth. Nearly all the members, in both Houses of the Sonth Austra lian Parliament, are either men of wealth and station, or persons in the middle ranks of life, whose associations are much more with tiie upper than with the lower classes. Tliet-e are not two operatives (" working men") in the Parliament of South Australia ; and although it is perfectly true that in the "heat of debate " strong language is sometimes used, we are bold to state, after some Utile experience in the British House of Commons, that there is more latitude given and taken in that world-renowned assembly than in the little Parliament of South Australia. We have witnessed, in the reformed House of Commons, personal interruptions and interpellations such as are never attempted in the popular branch of our Colonial Parliament, and which, if attempted, would be instantly suppressed by the Speaker. This we state, defying contradiction, even on the part of those who are unfriendly to our Constitution. For four years past an official" Hansard " has been published, and we invite those who ignorantly and indiscriminately charge the Australian Legislatures with degrading and disorderly con duct, to search those authentic records .for examples thereof, so far as this colony is con cerned. It is further alleged against the Australian colonists that they manifest a strong leaning toward protection, and that for this reason they are unfit for self-government. Good heavens ! what wonld Lord George Bentinck—what would the Duke of Richmond—what would other great men now gone have said, and many other great men of the present day—say to such an objection? But even this objection, absurd as it is, -Sails to the ground on examination. Pro tection has been demanded, but it has been refused, and except as relates to duties levied (as in England) for purposes of revenue, the Aus tralian colonies are essentially free-trade in sentiment and practice. In South Australia especially free trade principles are much in the ascendant, and there is no more danger of the ghost of Monopoly being raised in Adelaide than there is of ite being awakened in Man chester. Again, as an illustration of the unfitness ofthe Australian colonists to administer their own Government, it is alleged that the diggers of New South Wales have forcibly expelled the Chinese miners from their lawful claims. No doubt they did so, but equally true it is that the Government protected the Chinese and prosecuted their assailants. But at the very time when the New Sonth Wales diggers were maltreating the Chinese, the Legis lature of South Australia were engaged in repealing the Act that imposed a poll-tax on Chinese immigrants, and these persons are now as free to land in South Anstralia as at Liver pool. But whilst all the malpractices of New South Wales and Victoria are adduced as reasons for depriving all the Australian colonies of their Constitutional freedom, nothing is urged against South Anstralia in particular except the pari taken in the Boothby agitation, of which the Daily News makes so much, but knows so little. We mu?t, therefore, enlighten the Editor of the Daily News on one or two points. Be thinks the Legislative Council only (and not the House of Assembly) voted for the removal of the Judge. We beg to assure him tbat according to tiie Constitution Act, hoth Houses must unite in such a petition, and further to assure him that both Houses did so unite, and that the majority in the Assembly was greater than in the Council. This action was, therefore, not taken by "an oligarchy of 18 men," but by the majority of a Parliament of 54 men. The strongest case against the Judge was made ont in the House of Assembly, which the Daily News ignorantly supposes had no share in the proceedings; and tiie report of the Committee appointed by that House (and sub qaently adopted) we have sent to the Daily News by this maiL Again, the Daisy News is in error in supposing that the 18 members of the Legislative Council hold their seats for twelve years, as under the Constitution Act six ofthe members have to retire every four years ; only six, therefore, hold their seats for 12 years. And the Daily News is of course ignorant that most of the members of the Legislative Council consist of men who have been returned to that House purely on account of their Conservative tendencies, and with an express view to check the supposed democratic tendencies of the House of Assembly. The Daily News is also evidently ignorant that we have a Court of Appeals in this colony, and that the appeal from the Judges is not direct to the Privy Council, as stated by Judge Boothby and re-asserted in that journal, bnt to tlie Court of Appeals hen, and that Judge Boothby's refusal to recognise the Court of Appeals* which lias received the highest sanction of the British Crown, is quite as strong a point against him as his objection to the Real Property Act. But the truth is (as the Daily News will see from tiie report which we forward, and which was written by tiie present Chief Justice) that Judge Booihby has denied the validity of all the laws of the Parliament of this province, including tiie Constitution Act —denied tiie lawful existence of the Colonial Parliament itself, or of any other Parliament that has existed for the last eight years in the colony, denied tiie right of the Queen to assent to oar la wb, and refused to acknow ledge himself bound by the judgments of his brother Judges in tlie Full Court. By thus setting the Governor, tbe Legislature, the Court of Appeals, and the laws at defiance, be has fully justified the Parlia ment in adopting that line of procedure laid down in the Constitution Act, namely, to petition the Queen to remove a Judge who refuses to recognise the official acts of the Queen's representative, and who, by his persistent opposition to tlie laws of the land, has certainly thrown the administration of justice into great confusion, and exposed the majesty of the law to contempt. Finally, we have to asfc oar brethren of the British press to enquire before tliey condemn, and to enquire of persons who will give impartial evi dence. Would they like to have British institutions judged of from the representations of persons who are known to be disaffected to the Constitution of that country—of persons whose ambition has been baffled, or who, for other reasons, hesitate nt no means, fair or unfair, that can damage the reputation of tbe land of their birth ? And there are men in the Australia-, and men who have left tbe Australias' —baffled, disappointed, mortified—whose sole object now appears to be to cast discredit upon communi ties that failed to perceive their merits. Why should these dependencies of the British Crown be stigmatised upon such unjust and biassed testimony? The official reports and records of oar Parliament and Government are open; the newspapers of the pro vince (our present sheet, for example) report all public proceedings; our Parliamentary debates are printed by authority and circulated; all our enact ments are sent to tiie Queen for her assent. Why, then, should we not be judged by the authentic records of the country? Why condemn a whole; community upon the authority of an anonymous letter, or on the authority of s person who withholds bis name firom publication doubtless because he knows that to reveal it would spoil his plot ? We have enjoyed the reputation of bring en industrious, loyal, and peaceable people. What have we done to forfeit our good character? We need no special constables, we have no riots, our police cases are of the most simple nnd ordinary character; our religious, benevolent, and educational institu tions are maintained in full and increasing vigor; and it can only be through sheer malice on the part of the concoctor, and utter ignorance on the part of the publisher that such calnmnies as we now refer fo obtain circulation. Much do we hope that the limes and the Daily Sews, instead of pinning their faith to the statements' of prejudiced partisans, or en dorsing the unfounded fears of alarmists, and per sons of weak nerves or infirm judgments, will exa mine our records, nnd thus arrive nt an independent opinion. Of course there are two sides to most ques tions, in tiiis colony as elsewhere; but if questions of public policy are to be estimated by ex-parte repre sentations, —especially the representations of warm partisans, and persons wholly irresponsible for the accuracy of their statements, —error is inevitable, and injustice, however much unintended, must follow. Our Parliament cannot be better judged of than by its enactments, and these have frequently obtained the encomiums of the home authorities. And with respect to the Boothby question, we advise the Daily News not only to peruse the report of the Committee of the House of Assembly, but to get some member of the House of Commons to move for the production of all despatches on the subject for warded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies by tbe Governor of this province. If the people of this colony had co far departed from the conservative loyalty and political moderation characteristic of British citizens, they would not have felt tso keenly the injustice of the aspersions cast upon them in a quarter to which they have been accustomed to look for sympathy and support—-we mean the Press of England. Stoabt's Expedition.—Letters have been re ceived from Mr. Stuart's party, dated Chambers's Creek, January 7, announcing the arrival there on 31st December of Mr. Stuart, Mr. Waterhouse, and Mr. Finke—all well. Some little additional preparations had to be made before the final start, which it was antici pated would take place about the middle of this month. It was intended to take 36 weeks* provi sions with them, which would seem to be an ample supply. The whole of the party, including the horses, were in good health and spirits. The Volunteer Foece.—-A return of the number of enrolled volunteers in this province to tiie 19th January has been published in the Gazette, from which it appears that the total strength of the force is now 2,054 rank and file, as follows:—1 colonel, 2 lieutenant-colonels, 1 major, 2 captains and adjutants, 37 captains, 47 lieutenants, 3 surgeons, 1 veterinary surgeon, 1 quartermaster, 5 sergeant-majors, 1 farrier major, 72 sergeants, 6 drill- instructors, 63 cor porals and bombardiers, and 1,811 privates. The Adelaide Begiment comprises 737 men of all ranks in 14 different companies. The rest of the force are enrolled in 33 other companies, the most numerous being the Kapunda Mine Company, 97 strong; and the least numerous the -Langhorne'e Bridge Company, which num bers only 20 of all ranks. Accidental Death.—An inquest was held on Monday, the 20th instant, before Mr. William B. RandeM- J.p., on tlie body of Adolph Hippe, a child about five years of age, son of Adolph Hippe, farmer, near Bluroberg. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased was at play with a little girl younger than herself, near a waterfaole on the Torrens, and in attempting to throw a stone into the water he over balanced himself and MI in with it. The consequence was, as there was no one else near, before the little girl could run for help, the poor little fellow was drowned, having been, as was supposed fully a quarter of an hour in the water. The Jury returned a unanimous verdict tbat the deceased came to his death accidentally, by drowning. Ik be Gaelic.-.—M?. T. B. Bbtce.—We are informed that our report of the proceedings in insolvency, jn the above case, misrepresents an anplica bonbyMr.T.B.Brace. He is stated to have nSiwd tvs costs, and to have afterwards handed in a bil^ amounting to £35, which he wanted allowed. Mr. Bruce states, that out of the£2o he paid £15145. 6d. lees of coiu-t, leaving only £4 fa for |,j m?e 3f. aj^i *? U^-u J? no W *?l-*-er, neither did he as* for ?35. The Commissioner, in addition to the £4 ss. 6d. aboye-menfaoned ordered Hr. Bruce the costs of attend ing two meetings. Caimhgton.—Nothing fresh from the Bremer mine. "Kieworksare progressing as usual, bnt there I are complfljats of the scarcity of labor. I 