NEW ZEALAND. OTAGO. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) DUNEDIN, OCT. 17. THE streets of Dunedin are still enlivened, if it may be so called, by the presence of crowds of people, who seem undetermined whether to proceed to the diggings, or to turn with those who are now shipping for Melbourne, after a very cursory glance of the country ; but we are gradually having the favourable accounts of the real workers at the Dunstan corroborated by fresh circumstances, and it is possible that in time we shall be able to make room for them all. We had our second escort from the new field yesterday, and it brought us, as the amount deposited in eleven days, G,355oz., G,240oz. being bool Dunstan proper, and 10oz. from the Teviot. It is known, also, that considerable quantities of gold are still being offered, and that there is not yet upon the ground either a sufficiency of purchasers of purchase-money to enable the "gold to be brought forward in the same ratio as it is produced. This result, insignificant as it may be in comparison with the extravagant hopes originally entertained, is on the whole satisfactory enough, when we consider that the river has re . mained nearly at the maximum of its recent rise, and that the prices of provisions on the spot have certainly not yet reached their minimum. For a number of days past the population in- ( duced to stay in the locality by their knowledge of what treasures the river conceals have been working the few auriferous spots to be found above water level, and the various gullies which at different points intersect the banks of the Molyneux and Manuherikia and it is from soo - ground that the gold we now receive has chiefly come, Numbers of others, more nomadic in their habits, have wandered over a wide district, prospecting as well as they can under the disadvantages of short supplies and inferior appliances and now upon the Manuherikia, Teviot, and Erusoleugh-all tributaries of the Molyneux-very promising ground has been opened, while goa i prospects are understood to have been obtains 1 on the Nevis, about thirty miles beyond Dunstan, and nearer to Nokomai, which, by the way, is yet only spoken of indifferently. To take up the history of these several finds systematically, I quote Commissioner Keddell'rf latest report, in which they are first announced. Writing on the 7th. he says : On Saturday last, a miner named Conroy waited on me, and submitted for my attention a sample of gold, in weight about sixteen pennyweights, which he stated he had obtained in prospecting a gully on the western side of the Clutha, running down from the Umbrella Ranges, and, at the same time, made application for a prospecting claim under the regulations. " This quantity of gold be stated he had obtained from five holes, averaging in depth from five to twelve feet, sunk near the creek which divides the gully, and the prospects averaged, according to his written statement, from a quarter pennyweight to one pennyweight to the tin dish ; but he stated, verbally, that the highest amount washed out of one dish was five pennyweights, and that he did not wash in all more than sixteen dishes. I have since visited the spot, and found that fully to be six or seven miles in length, divided by the creek before mentioned, which empties itself into the Erusclougb, a tributary to the Clutha, about three miles north of the junction of the Manuherikia, on the western bank, The gully consists of a succession of small flats, varying in length from a quarter to half a mile, which are closed in, in places, by rocky passes, through which the creek appears to have out its way. On one of these flats the prospectors-three in the party-Bank eleven holes, six of which they bottomed, and in five of them found payable gold. " I forward herewith a sample of that submitted to me (three dwts, ), which I took out of their prospects, and which gives a fair average of the weight and description of the gold. The bottom' in which it was found consisted of blue slate, and, in one shaft, of decayed slavish pipeclay, and in this last was found the best prospect. There is a good supply of scrub, for cooking purposes, all down the creek. The gully runs down from the Umbrella Ranges, between two leading spurs, and shows all the indications of being a gold- producing country. " Under these circumstances, I have granted a prospecting claim, in accordance with the regulations. The distance from existing workings I consider to be about six miles. " I have since heard this day, that about 200 men are working on this spot, that they have obtained good prospects, but that, not being provided with the proper appliances for drainage (buckets and pumps), they are at present unable to give the place a fair trial. It is my in tent to be to visit the spot at an early opportunity, and to report the result of my observations. I have since (yesterday) received a second application for a prospecting claim for the discovery of payable gold workings in the same direction. Prospects obtained stated to be about one-half to three pennyweights to the dish. This is also on wet ground, I have not yet had an opportunity of visiting the ground. From these applications I anticipate a further development of the believed resources of this district. Many miners who are prevented from working their claims by the flooded state of the Clutha are prospecting the neighbourhood. "A great many miners have left this field for the Nokomai since the rise of the Clutha, a number of whom attempted the mountain track, and many of these returned unsuccessful, giving deplorable accounts of the difficulties and priva- tions they encountered, and from such reports I am induced to believe that some may have perished on the road. A Maori undertook to pilot about 150 on Saturday last ; he is reported to be well acquainted with the track, and may reach there in safety, The greater part of the minors choose the more circuitous, but safer, route round the ranges, following the course of the Molyneux about. thirty miles, until they make, I believe, Moa Flat. I estimate the present population at about 2,000, some few arrivals occur daily, most of those are Victorians. " The workings at the junction of the Manu- her his and the Molyneuxare progressing rapidly, and by report yield good wages." The same account of Conroy, present is given by the Times' correspondent, who adds : " to the valley of the Manuherikia new discoveries are also being made almost daily. Yesterday I was shown a rough sample of gold! weighing about half an ounce, the product of six i dishes of washdirt obtained a long way above the present workings. My informant would not divulge the exact locality, stating he had no WISH to be rushed until he had scoured himself. Notwithstanding this reticence, I have no doubt of the truthfulness of the report. Indeed.thowholevalley of the Manuherikia has every indication of rain j; auriferous, and as it is entirely formed of drift washed from a large area of country whose rook) are all more or less gold-bearing, it is, I think, more than probable that rich leads will sooner or later be discovered. The Manuherikia also receives the waters of a large number of creeks, whose banks have been found to be auriferous, such as by way of example, the Dunstan Creek, where there are at present about sixty or seventy people digging, and the Manor Burn, in which gold has been found in moderately paying quantities. The Molyneux still flows at about the same level, alternately rising and falling to that extent of a couple of feet. Many parties whose) claims are under water, loth to leave them, have commenced working on the edge of the river, and even high up amongst the huge masses of rock that lie on the banks, and are doing well. A party of three showed me a parcel of seventeen and a half ounces, the result of three weeks' work, and obtained from ground, or rather I should say rocks, that they previously believed not to contain a spook. Those loose masses of rock on being turned over are frequently found nearer ing a thin layer of gravel, sometimes not t w inches in thickness, and it is in this and the crevices of the bed of the rock that the gold is found. It is a matter of frequent discussion here, as to whether the gold has been brought down by the river, or has been washed from the rocks that form its banks. The river has, I believe, brought down by far the largest portion ; yet it is amply apparent that some of the gold has come from a much nearer source. It is angular, showing little appearance of having been rolled far from the parent rock, and is found in places that are a long way above the highest flood level. Some interesting experiments have been made, with a view to determine what amount of gold, if any, was brought down by the river in a flooded slate. A hollow of the rock, exposed to the current of the river, and from which several pennyweights of gold had been washed, was care l fully swept out, so that not a particle remained behind. On the fall of the river, it left this rock just barely above the water level, and in the hollow was discovered a deposit of sand containing about thirty specks of very fine gold. Another party laid down a strip of green baize, which MRS kept in position by a row of stones, and secured by a couple of of Lords. After having been under water for several days it was raised, and on being washed was found to be covered with fine r specs of gold. Of course it is just possible that the breaking up of the banks of the river by the miners has exposed a large quantity of auriferous drift, which is now being washed away, If such should be the case, many, whose claims were very rich, may find on the falling of the river that they have been considerably impoverished." From various other sources we glean particulars which are more or less in favour of the Dunstan diggings, not so much as realizing, per se, the hopes entertained of them, but at being that centre of an extensive auriferous district, Q>a Saturday last upwards of 300oz,, obtained at the junction of the Molyneux and Manuherikia, in five or six feet sinking, were brought down in private hands ; others have been showing a few I ounces of granular gold obtained easily in die ferent outlying diggings; and there have had a : numerous individual instances of success within 1 a very short space of real working time. Among these, two brothers are quoted as having passed entries for 375 oz., obtained during the two months they were on the ground. Taking in t i consideration, also, the facts that Hartley and L Reilly reward has already been made sure - j 12,0 oz. having been brought by escort, I and about half as much in private hands \- we are beginning to have less fear as to the limits of the Dunstan field, transient in character as much of it near sarily is, and great as have been the privation, and disappointment in the first stage of its development. With the advent of winter, when the banks are expected to be again exposed, two of course anticipate great things. Nokomai is in the meantime waning in repute, numbers having returned baffled in their efforts to get there, or disappointed with the impedi- ments to be overcome before the ground can be efficiently wrought. This, dated the 7th, is to 3 last scrap of official information, being from the gold-receiver to Mr. Pyke " Sir, I do myself the honour to report that I arrived here on Saturday morning, the 4th inst., and have visited the various workings. The population is very scattered, and difficult to ascertain, but I do not consider it exceeds 500, about 300 of whom are working in Victoria Gully, I some doing very well, and others but little. This ! arises in a great measure from the quantity of water to contend against, and the ground which is composed of shingle, and very open. There has been a small rush to the Waikato, distant I about eleven miles from the junction of the Moa, Creek. The prospectors, I believe, have washed it about three pennyweights to four tin dishes of wash-dirt, but as yet I have been unable to proceed to the spot, but shall do so to-morrow, and report further. " There are several parties out prospecting, and from the confidence with which they are prosecuting their searches, there is every reason to believe a payable gold-field will be discovered. "? Provisions are plentiful, and prices mode rate. Meat, Is. per lb,, and flour the same." ' Previous to this we had a report from Sergeant Bayley, a copy of which you may have had by the Gothenburg. In effect, it blew hot and cold upon the prospects of the place. Much had certainly not been done; in fact, two claims were found to be paying ; but then the others had not been bottomed, and the reason that they had no been bottomed was the inconvenient super- abundance of water on nearly all parts of the ground, and at nearly all levels. Some fresh ground had been opened in neighbouring creeks, and it is just possible that, with the numbers of men who have traversed the country between the Dunstan and the Nokomai, some other localities? may perchance be stumbled on. from Tuapeka and Waitahuna, we have an escort of 5,123 ounces for the fortnight, which, with that from the Dunstan, makes upwards of 11,600 ounces. With all the better aspect which mining affairs are assuming with us, there are now on the way to Melbourne not a few who have deserted us, shaking the dust from their feet as they went. About 400 left on Wednesday by the Nor' Wester, and you will observe that the passenger lists by the steamers are exhibiting different numbers. From 300 to 400 men are also finding employment in the execution of our great local work-the levelling of Bellshill and many more would, I dare say, accept the employ were the provincial coffers capable of standing a greater drain of five-shilling pieces per man per diem. This, however, is not to be accepted as an indica- tion of the chronic want of work, of gold, and of natural attractions in the country, but simply as the temporary result of the inconsiderate hats with which in all gold rushes thousands concern- trade, to disperse almost as readily as they have assembled. On the whole, I imagine Otago will probably see a better summer than it did last year, unfortunate as the majority of Victorians were in coming here at a crisis unfavourable to the reputation of the country and of its na v gold-field. One event of the week has been the trial of Fratson for the murder of Andrew Wilson, at the Molyneux, on the 30th May last. He was yesterday found guilty, but sentence has yet to be passed upon him, A small step in the way of exploration has at last been taken through private enterprize. A parity start this week for the terra incognita of the west coast. The voyage will be made in the Emerald Isle, a small but very fine sea- going vessel. The chief purpose of the party is to ascertain whether there be any available grazing; country between the West Cape and the extreme north end of the island on the western side. It is expected that good country will be found inland from Milford Bay going north. It is the Intention on landing to cross over the first range, where, between it and the Alps, it is thought very fine and accessible grazing land will be discovered. The party go well equipped ; they are experienced bushmen, and excellent judges of what may be made Out of a new tract of country. Although the research for pastoral country is the main object of the expedition, attention, as far as may be, will be devoted to the search for mineral wealth. The captain of the Emerald Isle, who has been a great deal on the west coast, states that he knows spots within the province of Otago where coal and copper can be obtained apparently in great abundance, and there is some hope that gold may be found. a case of the vessel chancing to fall in with the missing steamer Comet or her crew, the Government undertake to reimburse the cost of the expedition. One would imagine that we are at the wrong end of the world for " our correspondents" having much dramatic gossip to supply, but it is creditable to the drama as represented here, that I might occupy your space with much less interesting matter than a description of our theatres, and of the performances which nightly attract to them large and respectable audiences. Now, under the management of Mr. George Fawcett, the Royal Princess's, a very elegant house, is in advance of even our advancing city, and the Royal is also very creditably conducted. I shall venture, at another time, to notice then more fully. Our last home arrival was the Cheviot, which brought upwards of 200 passengers, and nearly 1,000 more arrived on the same day (Sunday) by the City of Hobart, Rangatira, Greyhound, and 1 others. 1 P.S. Fratson has to-day been sentenced to death, the Judge giving him no hope of mercy. 1 (FROM THE DAILY TIMES.) [ ARRIVAL or THE ESCORT.-The escort from the gold-fields arrived in town yesterday afternoon (Oct. 16.), bringing the following quantities of gold :- Dunstan, 6,240 oz. 19dwt. ; Tuapeka, 3,404. 10dwt. ; Waitahuna, 1,150 oz. 6dwt. I Woolshed, 500oz. ; Teviot, 15oz, 8dwt. ; total, ' ll 480oz. 2dwt. I TIMBER SUPPLY FOR THE DUNSTAN DM- ' DINGS. It is admitted on all hands that without I a good supply of timber at something like reason- , able rates, the Dunstan diggings can never be j properly developed and there are few who doubt I that, with such a supply, those diggings will long ' afford most profitable work to a large popula- I tion. It is, therefore, a very satisfactory thing ' to be able to state that timber in abundance, RiKl fit for all mining purposes, may, and speedily will, be supplied at the Dunstan at a cheaper rate than it has over yet ' been obtained at Tuapeka, or any of the old ! hotels. We make the announcement on the au- ' thority of Mr. Henry Hill, of whose proceedings in testing the practicability of bringing timber from the neighbourhood of the Wanaka Lake, that letters of our special correspondent have more than once contained mention. It is upon the back of a stream running into the Wanaka ' Lake that Mr. Hill has been recently occupied. He has there found plenty of white pine, of excellent quality, and an abundance of birch. The i latter is generally held to be useless, so far as supplying the Dunstan miners is concerned, . because it will not float. But it will float after a few months of careful seasoning and Mr. Hill looks forward to its being made very useful. After being cut, the ] timber bad at present to be carried by t such a distance of fully half a mile. Fitting; punts are needed for transporting came across the lake to this spot, a distance of forty miles ; it being hold that nothing like a prison- . cattle track for driving them thither can possibly be found. This want in the matter of haulage Mill. Hill intends soon to supply and thus one ' cause of costliness in the delivered timber will be removed. MR. G. B. BARTON-The attempting to brow- beat a judge, although a favourite pastime is ' come places, has not been permitted in New ' Zealand) and Mr. Barton would do well to bear the fact in mind. Twice has this gentleman by his' pertinacious objections to the dictum of the judge, brought on himself the threat of com' mitta!. His excuse is. his duty to his client ; ' but he should remember that duty teachers J does not require the sacrifice of the etiquette of but profession, one of the characteristics of which is submission to the ruling of the Court. (FROM THE LYTTELTON TIMES, OCT 19.) < POSTAL SERVICE. Before the General AsBom- j bly. broke up, a sufficient sum was voted for re- modelling and enlarging the steam postal sor- i rices, Intercolonial and Intorprovinoial j ¡£35,000 was set apart for these services, while an act was passed appropriating £30,000 a-year for five 5 years, towards the expense of subsidizing a ( line of steamers to England via Panama. It is hoped that New South Wales and New Zealand, may be able very soon to inaugurate this season, ; when all other colonies who take advantage of it will, DO doubt, bear a share of the expense, in proportion to the number of their letters forwarded by that route. TARANAKI. (FROM THE TARANAKI NEWS, OCT. 2.) THE KING MOVEMENT Some vague reports of large native meetings in the Waikato district have been floating about town for some days past, said to have been brought overland through native channels, to the effect that the King movement was to be abandoned, and that Potatau the II. was prepared to abdicate the Maori sovereignty and assume the title of superintendent. It is asserted that in the discussions which led to this conclusion the King stated that to maintain the sovereignty would assuredly involve further war that but for the last war all their people would have been with them now, but many there dead, and a fresh war would lead to the death of a great many more. We by no means pledge ourselves for the accuracy of this Intelligence, but as a conclusion devoutly to be desired we give it, in the hope that the next mail from Auckland may bring some confirmation of its truth. Another report is, that his Majesty has become a proselyte to the tenets of Borne. (FROM THE TARANAKI HERALD, sun. 27.) THE WRECK OF THE LORD WORSLEY-On hear that the remainder of the property which was taken from the wreck of the Lord Worsley and lodged under the care of W. King Matakatea, it eluding the Nelson English mails, is still untouched, and that some of the cases which were broken open on the beach have been taken up to his pa and placed in safety. The natives allege, 1 as an excuse for having made free with any of the goods^that.thoy were given up to them by Mr. Graham; and it seems pretty clear that there actually was something very much like a surrender of the vessel and what was left in her, the idea being, no doubt, to save thereby the mails, the gold-dust, and valuable personal baggage. Whatever did take place, it is right that it should be known, and allowed, as far as it goes in pallia- tion of the conduct of these Queen's natives. It is stated that W. King, who refuses to send the remaining goods by the carts of the King natives, intends to attempt to bring them up himself ; but will come unarmed, so that there is little hope, under the circumstances, of his effecting a passage. DEATH BY DROWNING.-An accident occurred. on Wednesday last, attended with fatal coast quences. On the morning of that day J. Carrick, A. and Chas. Edgecombe, Jas. and John Harvey, W. Marchbanks, and It. Bundle, jun., went out fishing in a pleasure boat, the weather being; calm. On returning in the afternoon, the wind and sea having risen, the boat was upset in the attempt to beach it, and all were precipitated into the surf. Several persons who witnessed the catastrophe went out as far as practicable all assisted come to shore, and others struggled in unaided. All were saved with the exception of Marchbanks, who, we regret to say, was drowned. Carrick was rescued in an insensible state, having been dragged to shore by the boat, entangled in the anchor line, but was restored to life by prompt remedies applied by Dr. Spence, who was fortunately at hand when the accident occurred. M wellbanks was found yesterday on the bores at the Bell Block, having been carried by the current at least five miles from the scene of the accident, NELSON. (FROM THE EXAMINER.) WANOAPEKA DIGGINGS. We learn that an experienced and highly respectable digger, who has just returned from a visit to Wangapoki, entertains a very high opinion both of the richness and extent of this gold-field and it is his opinion in common, we believe, with that of many other persons, that by prospecting further back, and crossing the watershed of the island, a very rich gold-field will be found. It is a pity there is no one on the spot, on the port of the Government, not only to report on the prospects of the field, but competent, by local knowledge, to advise the Government upon the work necessary to be done to aid the diggers to reach new fields of operation. LOCAL STEAMER-The steamer Lyttelton has been purchased to replace the Tasmanian Mail is a steam coaster for the provinces of Nola of a and Marlborough. As the Lyttelton draws a foot less water than the Tasmanian Maid, she will be able to ascend the Opawa River to Blenheim, to which is a point of great importance in the Wairau trade. ji.uua.ua.isu. (FROM THE AUCKLANDER.) THE ROMAN CATHOLIC NATIVES. -Accounts have reached us that the men sent by Bishop Pompallier do not, like him, even in words dis- avow his politics. At the time Father Garavel was receiving £15 for his expenses in negotiating with the rebel natives, we heard that a petition, from those rebels to the Emperor Napoleon was forwarded through the hands of a French priest and we have heard also that to that petition a reply was received to the effect that the Emperor Napoleon being on terms of friendship with the Queen of England could not interfere in their behalf. We think this is the time to make public these reports as they reached us We, of course, cannot vouch for their troth, and every one must judge for himself whether such reports are the result of pure invention, or whether they have a foundation to rest upon. (FROM THE SOUTHERN CROSS, OCT. 6.) GOLD IN THE WAIROA. At the Papakurt market on Wednesday, there was exhibited a 1 large rich specimen of gold-bearing quartz, found on the land of Mr. Allies. It contains about thirty per cent, of gold, and is supposed to have been washed down from the quartz-reef known to be in the Hunan and Wairoa hills. The specimen weighs rather more than three ounces, and the gold is evident to the naked eye. It has long been known that quartz-reefs exist in the Hunan, running in the direction towards Paparata and Mangatawhiri, and there is not a doubt but that rich specimens will be found. A party has been formed for exploration. A few years ago some good specimens of quartz were found on Captain Clare's land. SERIOUS ACCIDENT AT THE STOCKADE. Yesterday morning a serious accident occurred at the Mount Eden Stockade, to a man named Daniel Cullen, of the Royal Artillery, who had been sentenced by Court-martial to five years' servitude. Cullen, who was engaged at the quarry, went to extract a charge of black tin; powder which did not explode in the rock. While SO engaged, the charge exploded, dangerously wounding him in the face and hands. Dr. Philson, who was leaving the stockade at the time of the accident, rendered the necessary surgical assistance, but fears are entertained of r the man's life. The sight of one eye was totally destroyed, and the other eye was injured. (FROM THE NEW "ZEALANDER. OCT. 4.) p COROMANDEL. From Coromandel the news is such as has surpassed the expectation of the most sanguine. Quartz reefs and leaders are, however, the solo feature of this gold-field. From one claim in the Driving Creek no less i than 2345, of pure gold, extracted from the quartz by means of a small Berdan machine, were sent down to Auckland on the 27th ult., while the same party had an empty porter cask and a flour bag filled with specimens of nearly the same amount of richness (twenty per cent. of gold and upwards) taken from the leader one piece, of about 10th., nearly all gold, being reserved to be sent down to town for exhibition. Lords this the only paying claim, although asset [the richest; the reef claims are as much prize 1 sever. Three new large companies have been formed and registered under the Joint-StookCom ¡ panics Act; the one, the Katanga Company, is , fifty-six shares of £50 each, working assist Ko. 1 South on Seven's Reef ; another the Auckland Gold-mining and Quartz- crushing; Company, in twenty shares of £100 each. Ms clanery for the latter company is daily expected, one of the reefs on Preece's Point being the proposed scene of operations. The third company is the United Gold-mining Company, capital £1,200, in twelve shares. The machinery for Kcvens Company has arrived from Sydney, and in another six weeks will be at work. We had wondered all along that the Melbourne and Sydney owners of plants of this nature have no; seen the wisdom of speculating in theCoromaniel gold-fields, by sending the necessary machinery, together with a few hands accustomed to quartz red flag. Coromandel is one network of reefs. The Lord Ashley has taken to Sydney this trip between 300 and 400 ounces of cleared gold of Coromandel extraction. SOUTHLAND. (FROM THE SOUTHLAND NEWS, OCT. 14.) INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAPH. The Hon. Crosbie Ward, Postmaster-General. was one of the passengers from the north by the mail steamer Airedale, on her last down trip, and we have reason to hope that his hasty visit to the Bluff and Invercargill will lead to the province of Southland receiving ere long another instalment of the justice due to the importance of her com- BieicUl and political state, as having the first and last port of call between South New Ki island and Australia. One of the projects to which the present colonial Ministry attach great might is the establishment of a complete system n of electro-telegraphy throughout the colony, thus bringing every province into direct communication with the seat of Government, whether eventually permanently located in the north or (removed to some part of the middle island-ail thus preparing the way, so far as this colony is concerned, for telegraphic communication between it and Australia. The cost of carrying but this grand scheme will have to be arranged be tween the General and the several Provincial Governments. What most concerns Southland is The fact, that the Bluff must be the last link in the chain of telegraphic communication from any part of New Zealand to Melbourne, and the first at a train in New Zealand from which the commercial Ld political intelligence brought by the mail steamer from Melbourne will be floated to every jus. vin re in the colony. but GULP FiELDs There two trades in Rumours flew ing about town with respect to the Nokomai and Wakatip diggings, which we believe resolve themselves into this that at the Nokomai, those who have perseverance and a little ready money are doing very fairly-just as we learn the diggers at the Dunstan are finding matters to mend-and are not quite so angry with Mr St. John Branigan, the Otago Police ?; Commissioner, for leading them to expect to , much, as they were a few days ago that there i j are several hundreds of diggers at work there ! in d that at the Wakatip there are now upward] i of 200 busy upon the ground, The assay of the I cold sent down to this town, some short time ago, , is said to show that it is equal to the best gold yet discovered in New Zealand. CANTERBURY. ' (FROM THE LYTTELTON TIMES,) COLE-The first importation of New Zealand ' coal has been made by Messrs. Hall, Ritchie, and Co., from Auckland. The schooner Vistula I brought down about 200 tons. From a trial, was I should say it is well fitted for household require. I merits. a WHALING The whaling stations on our coast have been very fortunate this season. Mr. Wright's crew at Island Bay have captured four whales. Mr. Buchanan's, at Ikolaki, two and Mr. Le Oven's, at Timaru, have also, we hear, ] done well. THE RAILWAY. -The first stone of the Heath- I cote tunnel-arch of the Lyttelton and Christ- church Railway was laid by Mrs. W. S, Moor- house, on the 28th September. Messrs. Holmes and Co.; contractors, entertained a large company on the occasion, and everything passed off most I satisfactorily. [ WELLINGTON. (FROM THE INDEPENDENT, OCT. 9.) ARRIVAL OF WI TANG. Yesterday afternoon considerable interest was excited by the arrival of this chief, accompanied by his wife and child, 1 and. a retinue of twenty-two followers on horse book. The cavalcade started from Waikanae on Tuesday afternoon, arrived at Wareroa the same evening, and put up for the night there. On the following morning, at an early hour, the party started for Wellington, and arrived in town about five' p.m. We understand that this visit has been made in accordance with a desire expressed to that effect by His Excellency Sir George Grey, who wished, are proceeding to Auckland on Friday next, to have a personal interview with We Lake, The party first proceeded to the Criterion Hotel, where, by His Excellency's in structions, rooms had been provided ; but there being insufficient accommodation for the whole of his retinue, he preferred proceeding to the Te Aro Pah. WANGANUI. (FROM THE WANGANUI CHRONICLE, OCT. 9.) BiorrED BY THE NATIVES, Dr. Featherston has arrived at Piporiki without interruption, except that at Kaiwike he was asked what object he had in going to Taupo and on replying that he was merely on a pleasure trip, he was allowed to go on. SUDDEN DEATH It is with great pain that we record the sudden decease of Mr. James Blyth, of Marybank. Mr. Blyth was returning home last night from Dr. Allison's, accompanied by his two eldest sons. He was riding on before, and they followed a short way behind. When they arrived at the gate leading up to the house, they found the horse standing at it without his rider. Returning in search of their father, they found him lying in a ditch at the side of the road near Wiritoa mill, quite dead. The body was conveyed into Mr. W. HOWÍO'B house, and Dr. Gibson sent for,! who found that death had been caused by the bursting of a blood-vessel in the brain, and that it must, therefore, have been instantaneous. .' HAWKES BAY. (FROM THE HERALD.) WAIKATO large party of natives, including Karmtiana, Tarella, Karauria, and other chiefs, have for some days been making preparations for a VRA to Waikato, They will probably start to-day. The object of the visit is not dearly known, beyond that it is of a pot. ICM character. WHALING, We are happy to learn from a correspondent that one of the finest black cow whales has lately been taken off the Wairoa, and towed into the Mahia, by Mr. Bartlett's party. FinE. On Friday morning last, a few minutes after seven, the raupo building adjoining the barracks, and used as the sergeants' mess room, was discovered to be on fire. Within a few minutes afterwards it was burnt to the ground. Of the cause of the fire nothing definite seems to be known. THE GOVERNOR'S RETURN TO ACCl I í LAND. ' (FROM THE NEW ZEALAND SPECTATOR ) His Excellency Sir George Grey took his departure yesterday afternoon for Auckland, ia H M S S Harrier, after a stay of three month! in Wellington Two months of this time was occupied by the session of the General Assembly ; As soon as its proceedings were brought to a close His Excellency immediately proceeded along the west coast to Wanganui, to see the different tribes, and exert his personal influence with them to believe His Excellency's visit to these natives has been attended with very beneficial results, in confirming the wavering and strengthening trio well affected Though the effect may not be immediately visible, it will hardly be disputed that the King movement has received great discouragement from this visit of the Governor's and it is now plainly seen that its chief supporter] and abettors are those natives on the coast and up the Wanganui River who profess to be Roman Catholics This is certainly a matter to be deeply regretted, and we cannot help expressing an earnest hope that the priests, who are those teachers and spiritual advisers, will try to exert whatever influence they may have over their flocks in inculcating obedience to the sovereign and the laws under which they live We do not say their sovereign, because we believe Bishop Pompallier and Bishop Yard, and the great majority of Roman Catholic clergy men in this island, are Frenchmen, and are not naturalized subjects of her Majesty, and consequently are the subjects of a foreign Power. On Wednesday last We Take, who is a Roman Catholic, and in effect the leader of the King party, and the man of the greatest influence among them in this province, came to Wellington with several of his followers, to have an interview with the Governor previous to his departure. He professed, as usual, great love to the Governor, and an equal regard for the Maori King, who he said he could not give up But we no here he was plainly made to understand that such divided allegiance was not worth the having, he was reminded that any private wrongs he had to complain of had been redressed, and that though he had embarked in so dangerous a course, in which he was arrayed against the Queen's law and authority, he was suffered with out molestation to enjoy the rents arising from, his property in Wellington We Take is a shrewd man, and if he be wise will ponder these things One of the points worthy of note during his late journey has been the care and attention shown by the Governor in listening to such statements as the natives had to make of any wrongs they had to complain of, with the view of redressing them if their complaints should prove to be well founded This was the first time the great majority of them had seen a Governor of the colony, much less had the opportunity of communicating with him, during the last twelve years ever since, in fact, Sir George had left New Zealand, BIB successors were content to let native affairs take care of themselves, they could not be born with them, and we are reaping the inevitable consequences of this neglect and indifference. The contrast must have been to them as great as the consequences were gratifying, and the effect of It must be to go far to to establish that confidence which so many years of misgovernment has so grievously shaken Both at the north and the south Sir George has made it his business to see the natives himself, and hear what they had to say, and is therefore in a better position to judge for himself as to the best course to be pursued In extricating the colony from the difficulties in which he found it than if he had remained at Auckland, consulting his own personal conveni- enter and trusting to others for that information which he has felt it his duty to acquire for himself. TilE GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO OTAKI. | (FROM THE NEW ZEALAND SPECTATOR, SEP? 20.) His Excellency the Governor and Suite arrived at Otaki on Tuesday, where he met the natives in a large whale, about sixty feet long, erected for the occasion at Katihikn, on this side of the river, The natives had BIBO prepared a triumphal arch, ornamented with the flowers of the kowhai, with which to greet the Governor on the occasion. of his visit. Several speeches were made by the different chiefs; the Ngatihuia natives stated that they had left the King party, and now entirely submitted to the Government. After the meeting was over the Governor- went to Tamihana to i Ilauparttha's house. The weather proved very wet I 1 and unfavourable, and the Governor and his suite pilot a regular soaking from the rain. On the following day (Wednesday) His Excellency met the natives in the school-room at Otaki. The Kingites declined to meet him there; Nepea Taratoa, however, a very influential chief, who is at present in a very bad state of health, made an effort to pay his respects to the Governor, and attended the meeting. He said the cause of the King movement was the dissatisfaction which existed among the natives from the mode in which matters had been managed since Sir George Grey's former administration of the government of the country. Afterwards, in the course of the same day, the Governor, after several communications with the leaders of the King party, met the whole body of the natives in the open air on the village side of the twofold which divides it from the place where the King flagstaff stands. The Kingites marched to the spot in a compact body of about 400, four abreast, from their na-, some distance from the- spot, headed by We Take. They wore very desirous that the Governor should meet them at a small bridge crossing the stream while they remained on the other side by the flagstaff so as to appear to meet them half-way ; but to this the Governor would not consent, and after some hesitation they crossed to the village side of the stream. A conference ensued " in which the King natives were civil and dented the Governor with great respect but ('< clined to promise adhesion to the Government M i Take, who was the spokesman of the King party addressed His Excellency at considerable li length, and with great fluency. The Governor in the course of his reply, said he was sorry to observe that the King movement was in most active operation among those natives who proposed to be Roman Catholic, His Excellency left Otaki on Thursday morning, apparently well pleased with his visit,' and proceeded on his route to Wanganui, intending to visit the different settlements on his way. During the Governor's! Bay at Otaki. no attempt was made by the native! to hoist the King's flag. THE NATIVE DIFFICULTY. (FROM THE NEW ZEALAND SPECTATOR, OCT. 4.) If the final adjustment of the difficulties in our relations with the native race is slower than was expected, or could have desired, still there can be no doubt that events are slowly conduct towards the desired end. If confidence, that plant of slow growth, is not so complete established as the colonists in their anxiety to see the country more prosperous could wish, they have chiefly to thank their representatives, especially the members of the middle island, who could lend themselves to the gratification of Mr. Stafford's personal ii testaments in turning out a Ministry in which the Maories had confidence, to be resi faced by men who were warm supporters of Colonel Browne's and Mr. Stafford's policy, Ker will the constituents of these members is the more satisfied when they find that the i save question is more a middle Island question than it at first sight appears; for in all the additional expenses which are incurred through the mistakes of their representatives the middle island will have to bear the greater (bare. As long as the losses and the draw- I lacks arising from the unsettled state of the country were the exclusive burdens of the settlers of the northern island, while the sun of prosperity shone with unclouded splendour on the middle island, its inhabitants could view this state of things with philosophic compOsure, but the question now forces itself on their attention in a more practical manner. Still there are a very where to be found striking proofs of the change that has taken place in the state of things and in the state of public opinion during the last twelve months, the time that Sir George Grey has been in the country. Take up what paper } (u will, you no longer meet with the diatribe! about vigorous policy" and vigorous mea- sures," and " teaching the natives a wholesome lessons proof that that policy is exploded, and that such strong meat is not suited to the appetites of the readers for whom such writers cater. Then the constant rumours of threatened native disturbances which used to appear in the Southern Cross just before the meeting of the General Al- terribly, from correspondents of undoubted character and respectability, no longer occupy a corner of that journal. There is nothing to be got by it, not the ghost of a chance of any advantage possible or contingent, le jeu ne vant posal chandelier, the Assembly has. been held at Wellington; and now, to judge by the Auckland papers, one would hardly imagine there were any natives in that part of the island, so little reference is made to them or their proceedings. All this an immense change for the better from the state of things in Colonel Browne's time, but we must look forward for still greater changes before we can talk of complete success. We must look forward to such a settlement of the country as will allow of some well connected system of road making to open up the interior of the island, which is SB completely closed against colonization IIB when the settlers first landed in the country, and such a permanent settlement of native disputes as will allow a continuous, stream of immigration to be poured into thin island, before we can expect a complete solution of the native difficulty. 