• •— O'CONKELL'S DUELLING PISTOLS, The London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion supplies the following graphic details in connection with the sale by auction on AVedncsday last of the duelling pistols of the Daniel O'Connell:— A souvenir of old Ireland, "as she ought to be, great, glorious, anil free"—free to blow a a neighbour's brains out in peace and quietness, ami to be blown up in like manner for the sake of politeness and propriety, turned up on AVednesday last, at Debenhum's Rooms, King-street, Coveut Garden, close to the Garrick Club: and certainly the incident partook of the tragi-comic character befittingjsuch locale. What wns it ? Tbe sale by auction of the pistols wherew ith the Liberator emancipated himself from the assassin -gladintorship instituted for the purpose of tranqiiilizing his agitation with an opiate pill of Jea<i. or otherwise bullet; nil unfailing narcotic, if properly adminislcred: but, in this case, the operator liecamc the patient; the engineer was hoist with his own petard; and, having sold the skin of the Irish llmnon lion, was slain in the attempt to kill the animal. The description in the catalogue of this very odd lot, not less odd because the pistols were a pair, was highly Hibernian, being partly in French, the duel being culled nne affaire. tTltminntr, and the victim being Doctor D'Ksterro.'" There's history for future Jiacaiilcys. Doctor D'Estcrre! Perhaps a doctor in divinity ; a minor cannon of prodigious calibre, and therefore employed to drill n hole in tlie pericranium of the head of the papistical 1'at. And an uncommonly ponderous bore was seemingly required, to judge by the barrels of these unterevolver and pro-pcrcussionurv unfilled flints, constructed to carry about a quarter of pound of metal ; the very aspect of the instruments being enou<rli to cause nil aspen shiver through any nerves less Tipperarylield strung than those of the Sir Lucius O'Trigger genus. Perhaps no polemic occurrence of our time ever occurrence of our time ever occasioned more excitement than the duel between O'Connell and D'Hsterre, in JtfIG, Waterloo year, and iivc months before Waterloo day; and yet the very name of one of the combatants is entirely transmogrified at the sale of the weapon that slew him. On a picce of paper pasted inside the case, it is set forth that ij'Kslerreivaspromised XI.000 down, and £1,000 aycar for life,by the Dublin Orangemen, if he killed their even then formidable antagonist, who gave full promise of his future performance. There is no doubt there was a good deal of truth in this hypothetical arrangement, and that D'Estcrre was not interested in calling out Daniel, oil the pain of being publicly horsewhipped for having used the phrase " beggarly corporation" to the body whereof the opponent was a member. D'listerre wns shot dead at the first fire, aud one of the pistols sold on Wednesday was the instrument that did it. O'Counell's second was that well-known fire-eater, and coolest of blazers, Major Macnamara, the Beau Nash of all such ceremonies, whereof he was consinnate master. He looked upon a " meeting" as the principal purpose n gentleman came into the world for, so as to go out of it, or afford another gentleman the means of going out of it in a becoming manner. For many years, and until it few years ago, he sat for his native county of Clare, in parliament, where he was a vast favourite; type of the old Corinthian Celtic chivalry, wlicreof he was a fitting representative; "foremost ill friendship and in fight; polished, urbane, placid, and dignified; equally the reverse of a French macaroni and of a Harry Lorcquerizcd recipient of whiskey and perpetrator of horse-play capers; Lambrolike, " the mildest mannered man that ever scuttled ship or cut a throat;" and who seemed as if he would feel the greatest pleasure in life in putting you to deatli, nnd scarcely less pleasure in allowing you to do ditta for him, provided, of course, it was done en regie, in strict conformity with the punctilio of the duello; otherwise Hangman Calcraft might linve your corr.vs vile ere Macnamara would take tlie trouble to qualify you for the undertaker, or to permit you to inscribe hie jacet on his whereabouts. The Major was always an object of more than minor interest in St. Stephen's and other clubs, and everywhere about town, in all parts of which he might be met; genarally poring into gun-shop_windows, or more frequently still, into the windows of pawnbrokers, containing "pledges" of the calorific prowess of other days, unsophisticated implements of homicide, which completely gave a man the quietus atoncc, and so an end. Macnamara, a name that signifies " Son of the Sea," and with him might signify son-of-a-gun, looked with abhorrence on ail fanglements in fire-arms. As long as a pistol sufficed to propel a ball through a gentleman's head, at a gentlemanly distance, the prime purpose for which such things were invented was answered; anything beyond that partook of the nature of scientific projectiles, demanding a professional training in trigonometry to understand. Hence he dated the decline of the great civilizing element,. duelling, from . the introduction of novelties in locks, and cocks, and so forth; and had he lived to behold that epitome of backwoods' barbarism, a Colt, a Dean and ! Adams, he would have expired in a crack at' thc apparition of its multitudinous murder- I chambers, apparently arranged j 4>.„ 1 a9SU assumption m l' tlon that a >»"non bunion bemgTias being as felrne a tenacity of vitality as a Kilkenny cat, and requires to be annihilated, body and bones, ere he is finished. If the Major's ghost isn't beyond the range of fire, it must have glowed with a burning indignation at tlie sacrilege of the O'Connell pistols being sold on Wednesday for eight and thirty shillings—case and all! Shade of M'Manus, only fancy the indignity. One pound eighteen for immortal mementoes of a mortal set-to such as has been set lorth! How the pistols came to be sold iu London 46 years after being used 6o fatally is known only to the initiated in tlie disposal of the Dei r3'nanc goods and chatties, to which these relics probably belonged. They were bought by tin apparent Teriy Altish White Boy liihbaudman tenantright " Muiister Farmer," whose portrait would do for a frontispiece to a new edition of Captain Hock. When the hammer fell, and the name of the buyer was demanded no name was given; hut the stranger hurriedly flung doivn the money, snatching up tlie prize, mid made off with it as anxiously as though it were the kobi-uohr;—to the intense amazement of the fellow-countrymen of tlie late Mr. Sheriff Carlow Ilapliael, of " say a thousand pound" notoriety, and who evidently deemed the purchaser mad to give eight and thirty shillings for an article on which no judicious Jew would advance as many pence. It is generally tiiought it was on the killing of D'listerre that O'Connell" registered a vow" to fight no more. Hut not so. ivot long alter in the August of the same year, he went out, or rather wanted to go out with I'eel, who called him out; but that discreetly valorous right honourable gentleman created such a hubbub as caused the non-combative belligerent's arrest as they were settingofffor France, Peel liming iuade the matter a town and country talk for weeks before in England. It would be unfair to insinuate anything dero gatoiy to Peel's courage in this instance were it not that he gave frequent cause for suspicion in after life, by bullying those he knew wouldn't and could not fight. Thus he hectoringly called out ,Toe Hume and Doctor Lushington, whom all the world perfectly well knew would not come the more he called. The ridicule these safe provocatives to impossible pugnacity was happily embodied in one of H. IJ.'s most quizzical caricatures, wherein Wellington is portrayed patting I', on the back, in ccstocies at his pluck, and vowed that the public would call liim " Fighting Bob," in recognition of his irresistible aggressiveness. The F. M. w as said to be immensely tickled at the time by this hit at a very weak point in his demure but voraciously vain-glorious civillian colleague; and to have laughed in a way that alarmed Wilson C'roker lor the Iron Duke's sanity, laughed in his sleeve being generally the extent of the ferruginous Arthur's hillarity in such cases, though his Grace found it no laughing matter to he the butt of sneering in his abortive business with Winchelsca. Itwas the period of Peel's lilankpointcdness, in Lushington and Hume, that inextinguishable cachinations arose concerning Lord Alvanley's endeavour to shoot one of the young O'Counell's because old O, called the noble A, a "bloated buffoon;" and doubly detonating peal on peal broke forth with Disraeli, then the " Younger." setting up this Alvanlcv antecedent aforesaid as a precedent, insisted that another juvenile (», should give him satisfaction because Daniel alleged that Benjamin wns a descendant oftlie •'Impenitent Thief." Disneli however, had plenty of the blood of Maccabeus, and meant pistols when lie talked of them. Luckily Morgan O'O. meant nothing of the sori having had enough of such vicarial nonsense in standing two shots from Alvanlcv; aud he pooh-poohed the flaming Israelite wiih some cool cmistic handiuage worthy of the bantering Benjamin himself. Aflrr this, duelling fell into disuetude, nearly every attempted revival being an additional nail in the coffin of the doomed practice, such, for in- stance, as the rencontre between Tcar'em Hoebuck nnd Doctor Editor Ijhiek;—the latter as blind as a bat, and the former being as invisible as a midge, but wanting to make himself as big as a goose, or as a double-headed eagle; —not Austrian in those days. Then came the lllack Bottle and Harvey Tuckctt rumpus followed by the liircical trial in the House of Peers, so very ornamentally got up bv plain Jock Campbell, who swallowed dromedaries while straining nt gnals, nnd so let the noncharging cavalier holt through the eye «.f n needle, which, however, proved rather n rasher in one sense, inasmuch as the Karl had to pay some £ 10.000 expenses in preliminaries to provide against the alienation of his estates by the Crown in case hedid't get off. Finally, there was the brother-in-law matter;—not Cardigan nndLucnn—hut Faucett and Monroe, in which the former was killed, and tlie latter sent to Newgate) and so no more; and quite enough too. 