ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH. , > INDUCTION OF THE REV. WILLIAM MCINTYRE. A MEETING of the Sydney Presbytery of the Synod of Eastern Australia (Free Presbyterian) was held last evening, in St. George's Church, Castlereagh- street, for the induction of the Rev. W. McIntyre to the pastoral charge of the congregation assembling there. A large andi »noe was gathered on the oaosslon. The minston present wera tbe Hov. Mr. M Konzio, of Bjwenfells moderator of tho Synod, Bev. W. McIntyre, Rev. James Cameron, Bev. J. L. M'Sbimming, and Ber, VV. Ridley: oleo, Mr. Laing, licentiate of the Synod, and tbe Kev, A Thomson, of Phillip-Btreet. The Bev. JAME.» CAUEHON, of Blobmond, onlciited on the occasion ; and after devotional exorcises, read a pari nf the third chapter of Ezekiel, and eeleotod, sa tbe aub. jaot of bia diBoottree, tho 10th aud 11th vorsoa- " More, over He asid unto me, son of man all my words that 1 shall spoilt unto) thee receive in tbino heirt, and beni with thine ears ; nnd go get thee to them of the oaptivltj unto tbe children of thy people ; and apeah unto them and tell tbem, Ihm saith tho Lord Oed; whether tbey will hear or whether they will forbear." . Kzekt-l wac me of that unhappy number who wera torn from tboli bornea and : carried away captive to Babylon. This cap tivity bad by no meena prodnced tbe a imo efleot on all It bad subdued and cottoned tba hearts of some, bul only hardened the hearts of othars. And tbo great ma- jority took up tho position of mutinous rebol», foollBtilj and audaciously arraigning tbo Divine goodness and cqnity. But ibero wern a few on whom this judgmen prodaoad a hallowed eiTjot. Tbeso mot in tho lear ol tho Lord, and spabo often ono to another. A fen were assembled on the banka nf tho Biver Ohobnr, whero they wera shaded by tba willows. Tbaro they worshipped the God of their fathom on Hli holy day. In tho mida1 of that noble land WOB Bzebicl when tho heavens wen opened, and tbo vision of tbe glory of God burst on hi viow. then, be heard the vaioe from hoavan. The phrase " San of Man" is peoallor and significant it occurs nearly one bundrod tlraes-in thia boob. Thit oonld not bo a vain nnd meaningless repotitinn, Thor« must be a peculiar emphasis of meaning in it. The Bo dcomcr ia frequently and. emphatically oollod " tho Sot: of Man." There waa a deep-laid necessity that thc Mediator should be a man, and accordingly Ho beonrm " the Sou of Man" in the most perfect sense-"inaBmuob aa the obildren wer» partakers of flesh and blood, W also himself likewise took part in the same." As torr; waa neoesslty that the Mediator should be a "son ol man,"ao was there neopBslty that Ho should Bond forth mer os heralds pf Hiaoross, messengers of His mercy. ' Ho bad oheaen man to be tho mosscngora of Hi) morey to men, There waa grrnt wisdom manifested in this. He raijtht have Bent angels on this work ¡ but thore is a wide gull betwoon their natnrea and ours. They would be unable to nndoratand our oondltion aa sinners. They liner, nothing of temptation, of strong inoltumoote to oin irom within and obont, and oou'd therefor] havo no real fol low-fooling with ua. Tbo view of tnnn'ti depravity would flit them with abborronoo. Tb ny havo novar felt the pangs of a guilty ooneclenott, or fled for refago to tho arms of Mercy, crying "savo mc, or I perish." Tboro is a mysterious bond in suiTvrlng; thore is na brotherhood ao oloso aa tbat of oo>nmon rtrief and woe. Tho preacher then rehearsed a story hy a rodent wi I tor, who ^escribed a cage At birds with ruffled wing» Booking in vain to enoape. A travoller who oarao up, alter gaiting on tho poor birds, oppliod to ,tho owner for one of tsom, paid tho prluo, and sot tho prisoner froe. Thus ho did with captivo after oaptivo. 'fliei ownor of the birds thought him mad, until the traveller said, "I wan onso a captive. I know tbe BWCOIH of liberty and tho agony of bondngo." So those who havo boen in bondage to Bin, and havo beon dollvcrod from tbat bondage, nrn the flt'b^t to ptoach a Saviour, There wan reason to ndora tho wisdom of God in Bending His Word to UH by the lipa of men of Uko passions and sympathies with onr eolves. Great ia tba honour onnferrod on tboso who aro oilled to thin work-a work in willoh nng. ls would oovct tn engage. They aro follow-workers with God iu tho great work of Boving SOUIB from dentb. Tho toxt sot beforo them tho propbet'n call to offloo sud bia laVvine I commission. Kzolnol could hnvo no room for doubt aa to bia warrant or success. Tho distinctness of tho I Divine oall assured him that hin labour would not bo in vain. Tho necessity of o Divino vooatlon to tho ! offlve of priest or prop hot was frequently cnfo.'cnJ. There was a solemn warning in tho doom of Korah and , his company, who wero destroyed for nip!rinn to an ofUoa to whloh they ba l not been onllod; and tho kim; Uztlab waa smi'ton with ioprosy for a similar ofToiior. Il wan BO also with tho prophotlo oflloo. Hence tho ilenoti olatlon against thoso who prcaurand to propnosv nut of their own hearts t " I nm agaiuHt the prophet*, mitti tho Lord, that ateai my words." The old economy bad given way to a new and better economy. But it la not true that the noaostity of a Divino vocation is dono nwjy. The Oospel ministry ia hedged in aa firmly as thu priestly and prophétie officer. The Balintore nulieit. .'How shall they priooh UOIUHB they have been sent J' No man oan beoomo a magiatrate without a rori*1 rom. mission j and no minister oould expect a biassing ii, /'te j Trot«, If ho IUDS without hiing isn't Tho «all to J» minisirr exercised in God's nnroo ODD only proooed fr God Himself. Bnc how may o man'koo.v that he called ol God? Ia be to wait till .bo is callod by audible voice ? Njy, the day ofvibious and voioeB ft beaven baa passed away. Bat granting t a Divine oall ia possit ls and indiBpensal bow may it be known? God 1 not left us withont direotion. ID thia Tolnme (tbe Bia are contained all the ptinoiples necessary to goido us tho knowledge of God's will. The sacred ornólos i always with na; and examining these, by the exercise roABOnnbte faculties, acting OD th» «ame prinoiplos judgment whiah are applied.to other queations, the c of God is to be known. God bas given na tho promi " if any lack wisdom, let bim ask of Gad and it shall given"; and (bathe will give to him that osketb, I Holy Spirit. With snob elements of. consideration, mac need not be at o less to know whether he IB oall tn thia work. Many, indeed, have mhtcken ; but tl waa the oonsequnnue of their consulting their natu inclination or interest. If after a caromi examination the Word of God, and bia own - moti . OB, a mao still fe bia heart prompting him to the work, whilo bis minda conseii'noo opprovo tho Btop, and tho roioo of thu pao| oonooT, ha moy be sum that God bad oalled him. Wil out addressing him by name God c cause all tbaso things, to oombine (o ab that he is ohonen and callol ol God to tho work tba ministry. ' When, therefore,' the word of God, I heart and ooneoionco of tho mau himself, end the va of tba Oauroh, guided by the same spirit, are all 00 binod, they oaonct fail to apeak homo to his hoait, a cali upon him.to "arise and go." It would be welt those who bad been in tbe ministry for years to ravi their oonditiou, that if they had erred they might at ot seek'Divino fotgiveneBs;. or on the other hand, bei oonflrmod in tbo knowledge pf their vocation, thoy roi; no io igor liva in fe .r and bomUgp, but go on ia tb ministry, and speak with all boldnosa to their fallow.rn whether they will hear, or whether they 'will forbear, T prophet was font to bis own people in captivity. T consideration tbat they were tba obildren of bis own pen; waa one that must! onliat his sympathy, and awaken I compassion. To them ho waa bound by many tios ; a when be eaw their bondage., and beard theory there mast not bis heart haveyelaned over them? All tl might be said with reaped to thone to whom ministe ate aont to prenob tho gospel; They, oro tbe children tbo samo father, and -lying under tbe sama curso ai condemnation for sin. Community of sorrows is a fir ground for sympathy. Exiles by nature and sin fro God-from their primeval, homes, from their iuthe home, from the company of Angels; and led captivo 1 sin, having at proernt husks to oat, and in prospsot t! darkness of spiritual ruin, men resembled tho captiv in Bibyloo. But there ia an issue out of thia state. Wi great prion, has liberty been purchased. And tba callii of ministers is to proclaim in His name " liberty to tl oaptivos, and tho opjuing ot tbe prison doors to tba that aro bound." Instly, notiae hlsmeBsngo, Ua waa n to speak in his own name; butin the name of Gad norte speak his own words, bat. the words of Ota Thora was given bim a roll wbluh bo was to eat, assimilate, to make it part of bis very self, and then proclaim to others,'after personal' experience of i sweetness and invigorating, power. So .the minister not to speak ia the words whioh man's wisdom teaouel but in thoBB whioh the Holy Ghost tencboth,-nolbh that has emanated from the wisdom or folly of mat but tho truth aa it is in Jesus. How Bhnuld they b nomo flt for this work aa gospel ministers 1 In the san way, substantially, as Ezekiel bf old. A book baa oon from God ; and wh'atovor thoy find written therein, tbi are to oommunionte' to tbe poople. Tba word mu entor the beart, and form part of their very selvea ; at be given forth with all the earnestness ot boart apeakit to heart. The man who bad experlenondjtho aweetnei of tho truth .'and ita transferring powe alone can be .. expeoted to proclaim it othoia with effect. If a man held the truth merely as lifeless unsympathetic automaton, what warrant had t to take to himself tho high ofiloe of ambassador fi Chriat t To such God said, " What bra! thoa to do t declare my statutes or that thou ahouldat take my cove nant into thy mouth 7" It waa truo that » apeoulnt might be so out out ofablook of ioo BB to ooncontrat the rays of tho sun and sot fire to nn obj jot, BO miniater moy set othors on fire, whilo his own heart i oold OB ioo. It is not often so. Snob an one has n fltnoBB as God's messenger to man. He only is flt fe work who bas fled from his sins to God and found mere; through Christ, whom this love of God constrains to liv no longer to himself, but to Him that lovod bim and die for bim, and whom God bas filled with his own'fainest Tho message ia one of mingled terror and joy. Woe 1 bim who, to spare human feelings, withholds «ny portie of God's truth. It ÍB a hard thing to be a bearer of ev tilings. But lt ia treachery to tamper with trutb, an cry "Peace I Peaoe I' while thero ia no peace. Final! be reminded ministers of tbo need they wore under t examino tbcmselvos, and see if they were medlo upon (bose truths wbiob they deotared to otben and seek to opprovo themselves flt mesBengei from God to "man,- remembering tbat the would have to givo an no'onnt noto Him. Tho 131th. Psalm was then song, when tbo rovoreni gentleman descended from tba pulpit. Taking >>la atan at the reading desir,' ho oxplnlnod the steps tn ken ii oonnpotlon with thu translation of tho Rev. Mr. Molnlyr from Maitland.' After tho pastorate of tba church ha been vacant for a ooriBidornblo time, an npplioallon ws made by the congregation to.have him settled arnon, them au thoir minister. That rp.iliontion waa unsuc oPBsful. A second application was made, whou th Maitland aongregalion, although still unwilling tn toa a minister they valued ao highly, consented, for tb (treater good of the ohurob, to withdraw all opposl'ior Tbo oall having boen aoaoptud, oblations ware iovitoil and the translation.WAS Bonollonod by tba Preabyloty. Mr. CAHEHON then addressing tbe Bor. M>. Moluly« pitt b m tue usual queutions, whiah wero oatiafaotoril; answered. When ho slid " In tho nama of tho Lori JfBUs Christ, and by the authority of .ihn Presbytery, . induct you into tho pastoral obargo of thia ooiijjt cgn'.iun thc Ministora of the Presbytery and the olilurn proiion then went forrard and gava tho right hand of fellow- ship to Mr. McIntyre. The Hov. Mr; CAME non resuming his nddreua pro oeiidod to observo (lint li was tinual to addrnan n fen words to tba minlstor when induntod to tho ohar( congregation, but on that occasion ho folt it would no bo necessary for bim to onUrge, Still bu would malu a Zo w observation«, and pro mod od to dwoll on tba ruin lionship that aubtdeted bot noon the tninioter mid tin congregation. In noticing th« responsibility ol' th: former, ha observed that in tho Now Testament vwiou! term» woto used to designate tha olU-.-e of n mininer Hu waa on led pantor, steward, ruler, guile, niini -ter labourer, builder, and nolJior, hecauen th. y had duiiei oorrasponding with thosa to perform, bat in no pi rt o tho New Tostara ont wan tho tèrm " priant " nppl loti lo n miniater. No man rna at liberty to ossuino SHU a title BB a term of distinction from tho rest nf thu mom bera of tbo ohurob, all of whom wero spoken nf UH r royal priesthood Unto God. Tho great nnd piimaij function nf a minister wan to diapente thu Word of I,i(c and to minl'iter to (bet wanta of tho pimple, follow ing, in spirit, tho example of tin g nd Siiop hord wbo gavo lilli lifo for tho abeop, who came not to ho minWorod unto, but tn raini er, Mon wero^opt to regard thu dutiua of ii minl iti-r very illlfWontly from "lint tuny ought, pl.ielui* lou intitih non. fidenco in mattel'.! th.it wiro ol' minor inipoitunee, ninia tbo miaixtnr had morn irnportout work tn do. Hivii.g thon noticed tba hilliest labour of a minister, bu pro. cauded to speak of tim disadvantage nmlor which 1m Inbourad, and tho atmosphere In which bo liv.»J. Tho great end ho was ol wey H to koop in view-Cbrln him. self; happy in hiing mada tho instrument ol bringing samo to Christ. The olroumstanooo under which lie tonk obargo of Ibis congregation woro puanliar. Tliero wero great pecuniary difficulties and di onoauntored. True, thoy hod n noble buildiog, but it was deoply in debt, tho congregation only a hundful, Sujh a Htnto of things demanded tim exerciBoof Cbrin. lian faith ; to gtopplo with such diflliultleB required of him atrong foiih and onrnost prayer, but (hero wurn soma advantages oonnnoted with bis ohnrgo ttiorr, not- withstanding tbo o discouragemontr. That nnblo Htriin. turo wai in the honit of upopitlouq olly, Mullitiidi H wnro around who nomled tho Gospo). Thorn wore tliero gnthorud Ibo nuoluua of a prosparoia ohuruh. Aftur giving encouragement, and expressing bia Inuit Uim bia minlHtt-y Iber» would to sue essiul, bu i-xrroasud hin beliof that his oormnrj among tl OM wjuld ho pr..Jltnblo ti tho Gbnroh of Christ lhere, end Outhit! tnlly ingpnorul. Then uddrosslng tlin aougragnlion, l o snld the prcun.it tv«« to thom an oven!ful.year, Thny lind again n jmntnr Bittlod over tuen;-nie of tried nbillly, s¡"nl, and dcvo tednovs. Their miniater had mido no ninill nant i ll.ro In coming among them, -lie trusted they would llioinioro vffurd him o wnrm n'tnom nn 1 high apprubiiinii, mid lo fnnnd ohcurlng him in lil« c-ifirtnto prcm un tin ir rpirl» tu il ||ood. Thoir ini tiator did not nomo to toko ull thu WJrli out of tittil* hands | ibero still rironincil niunh fnr ihr-mnelvos lo ito, fur a iniuint. r cmtM uot rio HPJ wnrli miUroty himsrIf, .'J'tn-y would, In itddltlon tr>otb,ir limi- ters, h.iv.i to piny foi- ilu ir in IIIHIVT ; and ho truslotl they would bol only pray for Mm, but hold np bia bunda lo oheer him and lo éncoürogo bis heart. Thny should bo tomlqr of bia fouling?, and Brmpathtfle willi him'in hin Irinlu und (inrrowc. Thu olDcn nf n minlstor rtnilircü , him exposed to troubles and unxiotlea from whiah otliurs wera exempt. Mo Immert they would not allow trillos to increase thura troubles anti anxicios. Ho would exhort I them lo bi regular lu their attoudonoo on bis mlnloiry- I to como expecting and prep «red to receive good ev tinto they ant under hlB- roinistry. A portion of ew SnbbutU morning should ba devoted to meditation and prayer, in order to prepare for profliiog by his ministra- tions. He trusted tba blessing i f liod would reat upon and bless both minister and congregation. The 132nd Psalm waa then Bung, when player waa again Odored Up, and the oingTe^ation withdrew. According to the usual p>ac on HUOIJ occasions, tho R'v. Mr. Molntyro stood at the door as they retlr«r>, arri enoh of the members of the congregatioc shook bands with him in paa'aing out. -. 