Striking Tkiuteex. — The Duke of Bridge water was very fond of watching his men at work, especially when any new enterprise was on. foot. When they were boring for coal at Worsley, the Duke came every morning and looked on for a long time together. The men did not like to leave off work whilst he remained there, and they became so dissatisfied at having to work so long behind the hour at which the bell rang, that Brindley had difficulty in getting a sufficient number of hands to continue the boring. On in quiry h.e found, out tne cause and communicated it to the Duke, who from that time made a point of immediately walking off when the bell rang, returning when the men had resumed work, and remained with them usually until six o'clock. He ! observed, however, that though the men dropped j w-ork promptly as the bell rang, when he waa not by, they were not nearly so puno'.ual in resuming I work, some straggling in many minutes after j time. He asked to know the reason, and the men's excuse was, that they could always hear the clock when it struck twelve, they could not so ' readily hear it when it struck only one. On this, the Duke had the mechanism of the clock altered i bo as to inuke it strike thirteen at one o'clock, 1 which it continues to do until this day. j It is Reported that the Rvssians have taken ' possession of the island of Isles Sinta, after a Bhort engagement with the Japanese. This island 1 is about thirty mile3 long, and fifteen miles wide, \ lying midway in the Straits of Corea, and forming ; j the key of the Japan Sea. | - Prevention or Sea Sickness. —Let a person on shipboard, when the vessel is bounding over the waves, seat himself, and take hold of a tum bler nearly filled with water or other liquid, and at the same time make an effort to prevent the liquid from running over by keeping the mouth of the glass horizontal, or nearly so. When doing this, from the motion of the vessel, his hand and arm will seem to be drawn into different positions, as if the glass were attracted by a powerful mag net. Continuing his efforts to keep the mouth of the glass horizontal, let him allow his hand, arm, nnd body to go through the various movements — as those observed in sawing, planing, pumping, throwing a quoit, &e.; — which they will be im pelled, without fatigue, almost irresistibly to per form ; and he will find that this has the effect of preventing the giddiness and nausea that the rolling and tossing of the vessel have a tendency to produce in inexperienced voyagers. — Athcnccum. Open Confession is Good ron tiib Sotii,. — A young man who was about being married pre sented himself to the priest for confession. Ha appeared rather embarrassed, and did not seem to know how to enumerate his errors. ' Come,' said the father kindly, ' do you ever tell false hoods ?' 'Father, I am not a lawyer,' proudly replied the young man. ' Did you ever steal ?' ' Father, I am not amerchint.' ' 'You have not committed murder ?' 'I am a doctor,' consci entiously replied the penitent, casting down his eyes. An Old and Young Warhioii. — How old Benbow, in his grand laced cocked hat, deep flapped white satin waistcoat, blue coat, gold epaulettes, knee-bteeches and silver buckles, would be astonished, could he rise from the dend during e modern sea battle, and go on beard such a vessel as the Warrior as it moved into action, What ! No laying yard-arm to yard-arm, and opening a broadside till one or the other yield — no pouring in boarders[through opsn port- holes, through smashed in poop-windows — no driving into the captain's cabin with pistols and cutlasses? ' And what is that dreadful panting noise bo'nun, between decks ?' says the commodore's ghost. ' That, an it please your honor, is the steam engines putting on extra power for running down the French corvette a-head of us, the Currant juice (the Courageux.)' 'And that noise like unloading stones, bosun -' 'That is the getting up coals from the bunkers for tho forty furnaces.' ' And, good heavens ! where is the bowsprit gone to, bosun ?' ' Turned back on the hinge, your honor, so as not. to stop us when we run down the enemy,' ' What a wonderful ago ! And what is that enormous iron-pot on deck for ?' ' For riflemen, in case the enemy board us.' ' But why not put them in main tops, a3 they used to do in our time?' ' The men don't go up aloft now, your honor ; it's all done with pulleys and tacklo.' ' Do you ever have a mast shot away ?' ' No, your honor, because they are all iron.' ' How many sixty-eights do you carry ?' ' Yovr honor is making game of an old sailor ; the 200 -pounders are our chief guns to do heavy work with.' ' Good heavens !' says the vener able ghost, fading away in sheer disgust, 'I don't know what the world's coming to 1' ? Dickens' All the Year Hound, Anecdotes op Biiikdlev. — Some curious anecdotes have, however, been preserved of his appearance as a witness on Canal Bills before Parliament. When asked, on one occasion, to I produce a drawing of an intended bridge, he i replied that he had no plan of it on paper, but he would illustrate it by a model. He went out nnd I bought a large cheese, which helbroughtinto tho I room and cut' into two equal parts, saying, i 'Here is my model.' The two hahes of the ; cheese represented the semicircular arches of j his bridge ; and by laying over them 6ome long I rectangular object he could thus readily commu- j nicate to tlie committee the position of the river ' flowing underneath and the canal passing over it. On another occasion, when giving his evidence, he spoke so frequently about 'puddling,' de scribing its uses and advantages, that some of the members expressed a desire to know what this ! Extraordinary mixture was that could be applied to so many and important purposes. Preferring ! a practical illustration to a verbal description, 1 Brindley caused a mass of clay to bo brought into the committee room, and, j moulding it in its raw untempered state into I the form of a trough, he poured into it some ' water, which Bpeedily ran through and dis appeared. He then worked the clay up with ; water to imitate the process of puddling, and i again forming it into a trough, filled it with water, ? which was now held in without a particle of ' leakage. 'Thus it is, 'said Brindley, 'that I form ; a water-tight trunk to carry water over rivers and i valleys, wherever they cross the path of tho ! canal.' On another oecasion, when Brindley was , giving evidence before a committee of the Housu ( of Peers as to the lockage of his proposed canal, i one of their Lordships asked him, ' But what is a lock ?' on which the engineer took a piece of ( chalk from his pocket and proceeded to explain 1 it by means of a diagram which he drew upon the flo#r, and made the matter clear at once. ? i Lives of the Engineers hyS. Smiles. ] 