MANNING RIVER. . ,: (From a Correspondent.) The Rev. Father O'Quinlivan visited this portion of his mission early in May, and since that has laboured unceasingly amongst his flock, consoling the sick, burying the dead, and exhorting the living unto repentance. - On Sunday, the 24th, he celebrated divine ser vice at the neat liitle church of Cundleton. . On the 1st June, at the court-house, Wingham, and several other places during his visit, and I am informed the confessional were well attended, and the congregations large and respectable. On the 8th instant the rev. gentleman was in Tinonee, and celebrated the holy sacrifice of the mass at the private residence of Mr. James Brady, and preached to a large and very respectable audience an eloquent and impressive sermon, in the course of which he took occasion to impress on the .triinds'of the congregation the advantages, necessity and the duty of their assisting him to erect a temple for; the worship of the living God, in their town. ' 'In. the afternoon of the same day a meeting was- . ; held at' Mr. Brady's resilience, to initiate proceed ings to carry out the suggestions of Father O, Quin livan, Mr James Cosgrove in the chair. It was proposed, seconded, and carried, that every assistance should be given the Rev. P. O'Quinlivan to erect a church in the town of Tinonee. . ; ,:,.„;; A Secretary, Treasurer, and committee, (with power to add to their number) was then appointed. The following members of the committee volun. teered to collect subscriptions in their various dis tricts ? — Messrs. James Cosgrove, James Kennedy,. Patrick M'Cann, Denis Collins. The Secretary handed them lists for that purposp, 'and w.s d rected to forward others to various other iiifliiential gentlemen in the distiict. A 'subscription list was then opened, and the Treas'uei, Mr Brady, announced tint the Secretary had on his li t now names for about one-fifth tlie estimated cost of the proposed building. The meeting, after a vote of thanks to the chair— m -n, rt'ljonrned to that day fortnight to the same [lace aud hour. ' Confirmation. — His Grace Archbishop Pold ing left Sydney on Tuesday evening, 3id instan^ on a visitation tour to the Southern Districts, and leached Goulburn early in the afternoon of Sativday. He was accompaniud by the Rev. Mi A'liy. Next day, Sunday, lie officiated at S o'clock Jh-s in the C'mrch of S S. Peter and Paul. ' At 11 o'clock, High Mass was celebiated by the Rev. Father McAlioy assisted by the Rev. Fathei Folej' and tho Rev. Father Athy. JV'nen 'Mass v was C'-ncluded, his Grace a'stimed the ?in«ignia of his office and seated himself on the faldstool placed before the altniv After reading the Epistle suited for Whit Sun day (Actb ii., lit to 11th veise), the right Rev. Pielate took his text from thu 8th chapter of the Acts 'of the Apostles, 17th verse — ?' Then they laid theit hands upon them ; and they received the Holy Ghost'— and delivered a highly eloquent and impicsdve discourse At it^, close he admin isteied the sacrament of Con firmation' to 100 female and 50 ui'\les, p'inci pally childien of the inhabitants of Goulbnm and vicinity. Ho then explained at soaie length ( the obligati ms which the recipients of this Sa crament la}r under and the duties which, as soldiers ot Oinist, they wereexp cted to perform^ He also strongly uigid the necessity of provi ding a first c!a-»s school for the education of Catholic hoys. The episcopal benediction was then given, and the Benediction of the Holy Euchaiist followed.' Tho congregation, which was veiy numerous, separated about !%alf-past 21 o,'ul(»ck. , O;i Monday his Grace visited the. Oori- - - vent school, with which he was much pleased %. he also paid a visit to new Convent buil.ling and the goal, and started yesterday (Tuesday), about '11 o'clock, on his journey South He proceeds t-- Yi5^, and thenca to Albury; visiting the sur-' (!O'inding districts; and on his way back to ', Sydney porpo=:es spenrling a short time at Bur rangong and tho Lachlan. The A chbishop's health and spiiits appeared to be both good for his time of life. — Goulourn C'.ronicle, July 11. Roman Catholic Church.— The movement initiate'! f^r tha erection of a Roman Catholic Ohuri'h in the township of Forbes, we understand,, has [ vovei a successful one, sufBcient funrla having, been collected to meet the expense of the materials a.id the woiknanship. Tenders have been called, and re3pot-de*d to, and Mr. ? '3 has been ap jr ved. The structure, according to the plan, will, be 80 feetlorg, by 21 Let wide. We trust that he othei denomina iois will manifest equal libe rality and promptitude and that provision will shortly ba made for the public worship of the church going portion of the community. It is lamentable to think of a population of 16,030 or 13,000 souls pos-e-sing church accommodation foe about 300 snly.— Zac I n Observer, Hay 24. Yesterday, after mass, in St. Francis's, refe en.ee was made to the education question by ' -.lie. Rov. J. J. Bleasriale, who co-nplained of tha : 1 un eeruly hasto' with which the Legislative Y--ieuib!y wjs endeavoiing (0 pass the Common .. .., Schools Bill into law. The reverend gentleman 'esCihed Mi. Hyale'a bill as dangerous to reli jious liberty, and a violation of the privileges ? secured t.» the people of this colony by the Con« . ; stitutioa Act. A mctnorial, addressed to the., Assembly, praying that the bill mi^lit not !e ? ' passed this session, was extensively signed by Ithe cpngrega'ion, and it is intended, to pr- '6:it '? r it to Parliame.it to-morrpw or Wednesday ,-r* : . ;' Melho '.me Argus, June 2. ,.--?' ? : .:, 