%\t fâmfxxt. g SYDNEY. SATURDAY, SEPT. 27, 1862. § IK the Legislativo Assrmbly yesterday In reply to Mr. WILSON, Mr. CowrEn said the dnplimtt spcoimeos of colonial timbers woald be o-BO rice1, etti tboeo rettiaed pat tn a socoro pinos for exhibition. Tho Boase went hito commilteo to consider till Sydney Corporation Laws Amendment Bill. Clauses 57 to C4, routing to tbe oppoinlmonl aol remuneration of corporate offiolals, were agreed to, Ctnnse* OB to G8 inclusive, referring (o revenos ali acoonot», wore agreed 10. ' Clans« 60, directing bow bouses are to bs assessed. Mr. MoniAitTx rmggestcd that a jory oí CUÍXBBB should be appointed to nBBess the eily. Mr, MASTÍN ond Mr. PIDDINOT K opposed the eng. aestioo. . . Mr. HANKEI/T, proposed to omit tito word "averijt," from th» Bontence "overage annual valuó." B Mr. HAUT pointod out that tbo «ord " average" eeoorei ? tbe interers of tbe boneeholdcr. I Mr. MAnnn thought it WQ3 improper eitbor to loci ? baoliword or forward in valuing properly, but only lo Bj ibo present vol ne. .... I Mr, OitDWEtt. tbongfat tbo estimate of value ebou'd Bj bo t?I< en or. previous years, E Tho word was rejected-without division. Bj Mr. MinttM moved tbat a rrduotion of twenty por «cnlj ? should be mada from-the valuation, wbloh wa» agreed Bj Mr. MAitTn? moved a farther amendment, allowing 1» BJ peals to ba made against rateB, at ony dÎBtriotoourt,wbIW Nj »ns oßteed to; and another amendment, striking oat i NJ proviso, that no loduction ehrmld be made io tbe HUI* BJ tuent by reason of «ny subsequent alteration'lo tb« H volno of the property nsBessed. Tba olanso wal ll"» B agreed to. 1 H 0 BUBO 70 waa passed, with tbe nnderstaniing tbat It BJ should ba recommitted; and ' clauses 71 to M venBJ agreed to. . . - . BJ OD olonae 73 being proposed, Mr. TEPUT moveä w Bj amendment, tbat tho court of appeal Bbonld oonsIiUiBJ tho District Oonrt Judgo and two ppoolol juror", wlllelH| waa withdrawn, after a short discussion, lue olitWiHJ being verbally amended,- was agreed to. - H ClarjBO 74 was passed, .? On olanoo 7ö being proposed, Mr. MAHTIN moved JJ'JBj a right of appeal should bo given overy balf-joir. !».? olouse waa ultimately postponed.'''- H Clanses 70 to 83 woro-agrtod to. ' . BE .Cloaso 83; exempting -hospitals,' ohuronee, aodecBWHBB from ' ratos, elioited oonslderabls 'discussion ' J] 10 BJ wbetber private'na rwell as publia; sobools should " BJ exempted; and also aa to tbe exemption of pabilo ball* Bj iogs," The olanee was-negalivod with a view6Mntw«B duolog another in on amended form. . Bj Glauco 8*. {exempting buildings wbioh bare tee» B unoccupied for six mon tbs, was* agreed to alter a I«'B words from Mcaars. DALGLEISH,'HABT, ond FCBSTIB. B Cloase 88, " Dlstreaai for rates," "os opposed by Mr. ? HAUT, on the ground that gooda and obattels of tbs oe- ? 'aulter mlßht be followed for distraint. An amènerai"' B oirrylng ont Mr. Hart's view waa agreed to, ana n'B uianBu passed. H Citase BO, providing for the exeonHón of.»M*M'B nartaiit', was Bgreod to after a provision «""''»iJBJ bullio* to call in a constablo to old him, bad boon stree« H Ula sa 87 waa agreed to alter 0 verbal amendment. ? UIuU9e 88 was poatponi d, r: ' Bl Cunee 8P, tba water rafa waa proposed lo ba fixed a* Bi. per loom per annum. After a proposition to fis lt at 6d in tba £ hod bBen diaenaeed and withdrawn, a propo- sition lo fix it at 4s. in the £ bsd boen rfjaoted. and con Biderable disooBSion had taten place aa to tha propriety of Belling oerta.in Innis on tbe water abed of Botany, tba «ommitlea lesumed. . On the motion for adjournment. IHr. WrtsoN drew ?ttention to the fiat tbat landa »ero advertised to be j-old by anotion at Bandiriok, which B ite wonld be B'e»'-T prejudicial to the citizens of Sydney. He moved that tbs said ahould be postponed nntil the question had been considered. , , . Mr. COWPEII objeoted to the amendment BB being out ^Tr^MtiKiB ruled the amendment ont of order, aa it «as new buBineas, «lao, that it waa not relevant to tho ^Ttieforiginal motion waa then carried. On Mr. Coftr/EB moving.tbe adjournment of the ^Mr.'ViLsoN condemned tbe condnot of the Gavera. Stent in endeavouring to evade bia amendment. They did not caro if they decimated tho city, ao long as they ¿Hied tbe T/eaiury. He moved the same amtnlment. Tue SFEAKEB rnled the amendment out of order. Mr. FIODIKOTCN suggested that the Bale Bhould be .postponed. Mr. BI'BEETSOH said the mont careful inquiries had bien, made BB to these landa before they bad been ad. vettised, «hieb they bad been fer a month, and jot DO .objeotiod bad been mada. Mr. DALQLEI>B, Mr. STKWABX, and Mr. CALDWEIX, re. commended ibe withdrawal of a portion of tbe lots ?offen d. The motion for adjournment was oarried at a quartet to twelve. _. ; WHATEYER'may be the fate of the State-aid Pto hibition Bill-and at present it seems doomed to death by torture-the dreary ordeal through which it is no w passing is scarcely relieved by a ?glimpse of original thought, or tbe shadow of OJ -original expression. The ghosts of departed opinions are conjured up against the bugbear, tut very little is heard of the opinions of the conjurors, eave, indeed, that tluse who oppose State-aid ' are "tho very scum of society.*' It is becoming a practica with «ur legislators-and a very convenient one it is-when called upon ; for their own views respecting a question under discussion, to answer with the ? views of someoody else. The debating brains of honorablo members are i rouglit into the House tucked under their arms, in the shape of thick folios and missive volumes of exploded twaddle. Circumstances, as tho homely adage has it, alter cases'; but no . such alteration is acknowledged in ?our "great debates." When a peculiar exigency arises, requiring peculiar treatment and exceptional reflection, it ii met by columns of quotations from the sayings and doings of defunct personages under circumstances entirely different. If it be pleaded in excuso for this that there is no originality of thought to till back upon, then wo say' that no man knows -what he can do until he tries. I', is quite characteristic fer tho advocates of Stato aid to avail themselves of ready- made opinions and modes of exprofsicn. Tho State-aid reoipienta do much the same. So long as they have the old puddly stream to help themselves from, they neglect the fresh springs that would afford a purer tlement. And so, when a member of Parliament desires . to support a particular crotchet or a cherished prejudice, ho ransacks the libraries for obscuro or antiquated passages favourable to his own impressions, instead of -calmly and intelli- gently balancing the whole c>so in his own mind, and endeavouring to reason out his con- clusions by the light of existing circumstances. It is thus that we have no authorities of our own to refer to. À mass of borrowed wisdom, or what has passed for such in its dar, is quoted on one sido of tho question, nnd is immediately met by a heavier dose of antiquity tending the other way. Are wo never to think for ourselves ? Are we so poor in mental resources that our legislation must bo based, not upon tho wants and views of the time, but upon what may be raked out of a few odd volumes on a bookseller's stall ? If this is thc manner in which debates aro to be carried on, the personal atten- dance of members could be entirely dispensed with. They might send their clerks or servants to ibo Parliament House, loaded with the musty tomes to which they have committed their powers and privileges, and the discussion could go on by chapter being read against chapter, or page against page, by the officers of tho House. IV ot very 1 ng ago, a mombor of the Assembly gave bis opinion on this very subject of State- aid, by quoting a long passage from " Tho Heads of tho People,'' a series of light and ephemeral sketches published at a cheap rate, many years ago, in London. Wo do not know that the sentiments of the writer nore not entitled to as much respect as those of others whose reflections have formed the staple .matter of speeches more recently. Wo shall expect Bhortly, all the more weighty and pon- derous authorities being exhausted, to find our intelligent Parliament filling back upon the old romances of forty and fif'y vears ago, in some of whioh are to be found sentiments of undeniable morality and expediency, under the circumstances in which thor are supposed to havo been ex- pressed. The works of the lalo lamented Mrs. . ANKE RADCLIFFE offer a rich mine of telling quotations. In order, for instance, to harrow up the minds of honorable gentlemen to an appréciation of tho necessity of a strong military police in New South Wales, Parliament might be reminded how DIABÓLICO , JOI SpALATno, thß Bandit Chief of the Apen- nines, attacked nnd overpowered tba escort ot the Countess DELLA EOSAMINTA, and carried tho '.. lady off to his fortified castle in the mountains. . There need be no limit to resources of this kind. The rules of .Parliament, however, would have to bo slightly modifiod. Any member in- troducing a motion ought, in fairness, to be compelled to state what books, or what particular class of literature he intended to quote by way of speech, in order that tho opposite Bide might bo able to set out in due time'in quoBt of treatises or tales, as tho oaso might be, of a contrary tendency. AU this copiousness of quotation may be conduoivo to curious and out of tho way reading, and admirably cal- culated to moko the Parliament a . rtost of bookworms; buk is it the right way.to educate statesmen and legislators? ls this kind of " debuting.'* likely to «' expand tho intellect ?" . Wo beliovo that it is rather calculated to cramp the mind, and to lead to'that condition of af- fairs spoken of by GOLEIUDGE, in which all such things as springs are ignored, and no streams' known but such aa proceed " from a perforation in Bomo other man's tank." The manner in which this facility of borrowing ideas is. abused, has now becomo an absoluto nuisance. A . member, stirred to. emulation by the wonderful stores of erudition poured forth from tho ? volumes of the dead on a given question, rises with determination on his visage, and moves tho'adjournment of the.debate. He ii rarely «fused, for it is known that he wants " to pre- paro himself." But 'docs ho sit down in bis s'.uily, or wulk , in., tho quiet fields, t - ? ? in the hope of cudgelling bis brains to think out'the subject under discussion? By DO means. He plunges into the libraries, turns over and marks down all manner of authors, and makes bis appearance in the forum next day with a bag of books on his back that would fora a load for a porter. If political writers do not continue to supply food for this enormous hunger, it is hardly a fanciful anticipation that members will have to fall back upon the light nnd pleasing literature of carly childhood. Some of the "authorities" have beeD so worked that we may soon expect the well-known quotations to be met by indig- nant cries of spoke before." M'CTJLLOCH bas long since been placed on the shelf, absolutely worn out. DE TOCQUEVILLE pleads hard for a respite. Judge STOKE? is fully entitled to re- tirement on a pension. JOHN STUART MILL falls wearily and heavily on the ear. It will at least possess the charm of novelty when some bold member, with a latent spark of originality, produces the Arabian Nights Entertainment, and quotes some profound adage of that wise and excellent Prince HAROUN ALRAECHID, " a very pretty fellow in his day," and one whose sayings may have quite as pertinent an applicability to the subject matter in hand, as those of some of the worthies who are now made to do duty for senatorial intellect. Pablic readings from celebrated authors hive become a very popular form of entertainment. We are far from objecting to instructive amuse- ment of that kind, and it may even, ander proper conditions, prove an agreeable way of passing the time in the parliamentary galleries But there can neither be instruction nor amusement in listening to page after page of abstract theory mumbled forth in a tone " inaudible in the gal- lery," and unintelligible lo anyone. We cannot point to any especial offender in tbis respect ; on the contrat y, the difficulty would bo to find one who was sinless. The quotation furor sets in with thc " great debate," and each sucoaeding speaker, or rather reader, strives to out-quot the one who went befcre. We are strongly in- clined to bel ieve that Pailiamont already possesses powertoputastoptothis tremendous bore, by call, ing tho attention of tho chair to the fact that the honorable gentleman on his legs is committing a breech of parliamentary law, by " reading his speech." Posten'y may search in vain amongst our contemporary records for the opinions of our men of mark, for many appear to have none at all ; but our children may at least give credit to tho Legislature of the present day for having bad tho advantage of tho (borrowed) eloquence of literary celebrities of all ages and of all climes. 