. THE LATEST THING IN GHOSTS. I As I waB finishing breakfast the other day, I received a visit from my friend Perkins, who entered my room hastily, with some papers in his hand, ' I've written a ghost tale,' Baid Perkins, ' and I want.your opinion on it,' 'I'll devote toy morning pipe to you. I can't i.fTord you any more time than that ; so hand mo the tobacco, and produce your spirit.' And I filled a pipe and assumed the critic. 'The sun had set some two hours,' began Perkins, ' nnrt dnrk nfoht vm.' ' One moment,' I interrupted ) ' ia it a tale of past cr jiresent times f' ?? Picsc-nt,' answered Peik'ins. ' Bather an old fashioned beginning,' I observed. ' However, fire away.' 'The sun bad set some two hours,' rcBunied Peikine, firing away as directed, ' and dark night war, gradually extending her reign over field and fell, when a traveller might be perceived making his way, as well as the dutkneSB would permit, through one of those immense German forests, tha haunt of the wild boar ai d the wolf.' ' What m earth was be doing there r' I asked. ' He had lost his way, of couisc,' replied Perkius. ' So I mppoee,' I said. ' Travellers always do in ^hc*t storief . But is this a tale of the present time : pariiou my inquiring where his luggage is ?' ' He lett it in the cliulse,' answered Perkins. ' Whiih had been overturned, end our traveller wished to get to the nearest town ou foot. Is not thai itr' ' Of courser faid 1'crkiiiB, with some irritalisn. ' A lid in older to it&ch; the nearest towu iiii turns into the neAicst iorcst.' 'lie thought he would take a short cut acrosB country,' explained Perkins. ' And after walking some distance ha comes to an old castle, eh r' '?Well !' said our anthor Bulkily. 'And, finding it uninhabited, he wraps his ample cloak around him, and goes to sleep in a corner, does not he -'? ' Yes,' faid Peikins, something surprised. ' Hut lie is aroused from his sleep by the clanking of chains, and, on raising hig head, perceives a figuru standing in the doorway.' ' AVhy, con fc und' it!' said Peikine, starting, up indipnaiitlv, ' you must have seen my manuscript.' ' 'Which figure, 1 continued, ' r&iBes; its manacled bin t above its head, and, clanking its chains together, j utters a frightful cry. My dear fellow, tliis will not do, you know ; it won't indeed. ' This kind of spectrc-j doth not suit the time. Modern readers must have modem ghosts.' ' Well '. hut give it t fair hearing ; don't condemn it ulilicurd,' Baid the author. 'Oh! read it. By all means read it,' and I re sumed my pipe, and he his story, which was much as i 1 bad anticipated, ' Some two hundred years before the story opens, the lord ol the castle, a man possessed of large piopcrty and all kinds of virtues, had been bar barously muidcred by his nephew, who had not an acre of land, or a single virtue to hless hin. i elf with. When about to strike tlie fatal blow, tbis nephew, bemg a religious ruman, prayed to his patron taint for aid, promising her a pair of candle sticks, with snuffers and extinguisher, all complete, if ihe granted him tlie assistance he ueeded. The blow was struck ; the rightful lord died, and the murderer inherited tlie property.' Peikins takes this opportunity of remarking on the similarity between a vicious man and a lite in the cellar. 'Open the cellar door and break the ?windows, aid you will have the house on fire. Supply your vicious man with money, and all his vices blaze up at once. Our villain was an in stance of tliis. He raised his rents, turned out ! his tenants, insulted his neighbours, murdered peasants, ill -treated travellers, and forgot all about the candlesticks and his patron Baiut. But, of course, he waB a miserable man all the while. The gl.06t of his murdered uncle stood nightly by his bed, rcpi caching him for his crime's, and comparing the viciBof the murderer -with the virtues ofthe mur dered. For ghosts of this kind, when speaking of themselves, generally go upon the principle of JJe ptcttuis nil tiisi l/otivm. But the villain coutinued his iccklesB course, spite of ghost and everything else, till, at last, the public of the period could stand him uo longer. They rose with one consent; pulled his castle about hir ears. Blew liiB soldiers, hanged his steward (awtul scoundrel that steward), and, in fact, (liter tlie manner of publics in all ages, caught every body except the man they went to catch. He was never seen afterwards, and none knew how he died, hut rumcursaid that hia spirit walked the scene of his ciimct, end the ruined caatle was avoided in con sequence. Well, our traveller, knowing nothing of all il ia, goes to sleep in the caBtle, is visited by the fpeetre, and compelled to follow it to the court y ard, where there is an old well. The phost recounts the above history, adds that till the candlesticks, tec., as pec now, . ai? p;.ii) to the saint, it can never rest in its grave, points into the will, ciying 'Search, search !' Then utter ing a loud cry, it raises both hands above its head, and taking a regular header, like Mr. Bourcicault in tl c ' Colleen Baun,' disappears into the abyss. The ti sveUer goes to Sleep instantly, aud when lie awakes in the niorning, finds that he has spent the night in tl.eopen air, and has got rheumatic pains all about bim. Calling to mind his vision of the night, he leaves the castle, obtains the assistance of some pea sMitf , returns, expiotes the weii, snd finds a skeleton and a chest of treusure. lie huries the first, appro priates the last, pays the ghost's debt to the saint, and the spectre never walks again. Now, you know, this will not do. Who is safe for an hour, it he is liable to have these antiquated ghosts let loose upon him at any tumof a page ? Progress, EE I said to Perkins, who, without even wishing me food morning, progressed to the door and banged it after him, progress is the word for ghost stories, aB well SB for everything else in these days, and since the ghasfi? of which fbe above is a specimen, the j Ffiiits have tnade iMitnse progress, ltuined castles huve given place to r'ailway stations : trackless forests to the streets of cities ; and ghosts in armour are as much out of fashion as mail coaches. A modern spectre would 110 more think of dressing in blue aimour and carrying a truncheon than a man of fpshion would think of strolling down Pall Mall in s.'indals and a toga. I do not mean to say that the ghost - f Peikins' wicked baron ought to have been diessed in a tail coat and pegtops, or, as he was a soldier, that he should have worn a modern uniform, and carried a revolver. No ! The fault was not in Ihe ghost, who was in perfect keeping with the story, but in Perkins, for ever writing the story at all. I am afraid my friend's education must have been grossly neglected, or he would have remembered fifty tales of exactly the same type ae his own. Time and custom have bo changed not only the dress but the manners of the spirits, that to say So-and-So's ghost walks, would be no more strictly true than it is to say that the Great Eastern sailed on such a day. Such expressions are merely the relics of past 'customs, and that is all. Ships go by steam now-a-days, and so do ghosts. Time was, too, when the boldest ghost that walked would shrink in haste away at the crowing of a cock ; nut now tue spirits care no more ior a cock than they do for a cart-liorse. All the cocks in the parish might crow themselves hoarse before a modern ghost would budge an inch. An old-fashioned ghost on the tramp would come out with the Bt&rs;, clothed ' in his habit as he lived,' sud would station himself in a draughty corridor, or pi ce sentinel-like on a windy terrace ; or he would spend the night in walking up and down all the stairs in the house, going into all the uninhabited rooms, and i moving the furniture; orirhehadany particular mis sion, which was by no means the case always, he would iireott his victim and command bim to take up the front dfcor step, or to prepare for death, or what not. At other times he would wail like a child, or groan | like a dyiiig man, or shriek like a woman ; but how- I ever he was engaged, no sooner did ' the cock that is | Ihe trumpet to the morn ' ' awake the god of day,' j than tlie spirit folded hit mantle round him, and vanished, leaving the bird literally cock of the walk. : Dees our modern ghost do so ? Not he— or she. To save trouble about the sex, not it. It drives to a rail, way station in broad daylight, takes a ticket (first class ticket ; no ghost has yet been known to travel second), gets into u carriage, arranges, if a female, its crinoline (Oh! shade of Hamlet's father! a ghost in crinoline !) borrows your Bradshaw, begs you to tell it how it can get to A — , is sorry to trouble you, but it cannot understand Bradshaw (another evidence of the inscrutable nature of that book : even the ghosts, who are generally supposed to understand things far beyond the comprehension of the living, even ghosts cannot make out Bradshaw), converses with you fluently on various subjects, and shakes hands with you affectionately at parting, Now that is a ghost of the very newest style. What a consola tion it is to think that if we are haunted in these days, we shall have nothing more dreadful to encounter than a good-looking spectre of the female sex, who will not pain our ears polite with any reference to its own peculiar position, but, on the contrary, will entertain ub with a flow of conversation, so ' flattering to ourselves, and at the bmm time so credit able to its own intellectual powers (of course credit- I able to it, if flattering to us), that when it vanishes, far from having any terrible recolleotion of the in terview, we shell think of our late companion with feelings that have much more of love than horror in them. Still It must be confessed that a story of this kind has its advantages. GhoBte are no exceptions to the truth of the old proverb, ' Familiarity breeds con tempt;' and an author who allows his ghost to enter into familiar conversation with its victim, and even to eut in his presence, must be content to j lose in horror what he gains in origi nality. But to frighten your reader ia the great end and aim of a ghost tale, and everything ought to give placc to that ; so, dmribc with all the minuteness you please the wains coted room, tho daik cabinet, the old bed, and Ihe oakin floor, with that extraordinary stain upon it ; but when the ghost enters, abandon the pre Itaphaelite etvle, paiu him Willi no more distinctness than is absolutely necessary, and leave your reader s imagination to finish tbc picture. For instance : — ' I awoke suddenly, fancying something touched my clink. I looked round, but seeing nothing, I laid my bend again upon my pillow, when, even as I did fo, the curtain was pulled on one Bide, and a face spproaclied wine, a face so feaiful — bo utterly shock ing— oh ! to lorget it would be easier than to aescribe i it— and when shall I forget that look, of unearthly, | misery ? &c.;' . j That, from its very indefinitenefs, would be more: I .likely to afii ot the reader than the foUowing t— ? J ' 1 saw a finiful spectre standing by my bed. _ Its liair wBsof e blood- red colour, and, unlike tbe hair of 'u living creature, stood straight up from its head, Its cj es burned like fire, and the fire seemed to be differ gently situated in each eye. Beneath one of them was ja daik-blue mark. Its nqse waa slightly bent from ?the- st might line, as if from a blow. Its mouth, which as hortibly deficient of teeth, wbb wide open, and ! its tongue moved violently from side to side, as if it I had some difficulty in. articulating. After gioaning fearfully several times, this terrible visiun addressed ine in these avtful words: * Unaccustomed as I am,' | &c.;' i Teirihle ! Not at all. Buch 4 ghost *s that would J never frighten anybody. And yet what more would : you have ? Bloody hair ! fiery eyes | distorted | features ! markB of violence all about It ! ^ lfow is it j that the effect is rather absurd than otherwire ? The | reason plain enough. Your 'vaulting ambition.'* to j describe something intensely horrible hath o'erlesped | itself, and you have fallen rather violently en the , other, that is, the ridiculous side of the subject. j But I am growing didactic. Take another example j of the Ghost Story — one of the modern kind, though i not with the very latest improvement. This, too, shall be an instance of the pantomime ghoi-t ; that is to ray of tho ghost that does its errand without the use of words. The spirits, I think, might be divided very satisfac torily into tlie ghosts that speak, and tlie ghosts that do not speak ; though, perhaps, after all, we might need another division for the especUl accommodation ] of tl-e ghoats tint howl. j But now for the nantomimc ghost. You have a relation, we will suppose, on the other side of the world, uud you are expecting him home in about six ir.ombs. (The relation is always expected shortly in these eaeep.) You ore sitting alone in your room, thinking of the pleasure it will afford you to shake your friend once more by the hand, and to hear again that long silent voice. With feelings half sweet, half painful, you try to imagine the changes that Timo v ill have made in his face, and affectionately recall i'& every line arid pimple. As you thus sit ' revolving many memories,' you take out your watch, and while winding it up, you casually observe that it ia_a quarter to one, a.m. (I say casually, but the fact U that you must be very particular about the time, as it i is often of the last importance). _ You gape, stretch, recoycr yourself, and- there he is. There is your long-lost relation sitting on the sofa. His face is pale I — very pale. His eyes, expressing the deepest melan choly— he used to have such merry eyes— are bent upon you. You observe that he has a white handkerchief tied round his left calf. You perceive, for nothing escapes you, tke initials A. J. (not his initials) in one corner of the handkerchief, aud you see that on one foot is a slipper, while the cither wears a boot. When you can articulate, you gasp out, ' Why, George ! what is ihe meaning of this ! How did you get here ?' The I spirit shakes its head solemnly, points to the hand kerchief, rises from the Bofa, gazing at you fixedly all the lime, and disappears. Now, if you understand ghosts— as everyone one ought to do by this time — y- u grieve for your friend at once, and prepare your mourniug. If you arc incredulous, and disposed to attribute tlie vision to those oysters or that chop, you wondc-r for a week or nine «lajs, and forget the inci dent. But the necessary time elapses, and the letter arrives. You recollect the ghost and break the seal, ucmMing. Your correspondent Alfred Jones, or j rather Johnston, or so, informs you that it is with I /alines, that he finds himself totally unable to 6k f pi-ess, that he take* the pen to send you word of the death of his friend and your kinsman, who was bitten by a snake in the left leg (that accounts for the hand kerchief), on such a day, ss he was preparing to retire for the night (that accounts for the boot and the slipper). Your correspondent did all ia Ms power to avert the catastrophe, by bindir.g liis handkerchief (that accounts for the initials) round (lie wound, and shouting for t'le surgcon, but all was vain. Your btofortuhate relative died, regretted by all who knew him, at 12.45 a.m. (time to a minute). Peihaps this kind of ghost haB been worked harder than any other. The man whom it repi esents has died all kinds of deaths. He has been drowned, i lmtiirpr) naicnne/1 Irilleri Vtv ttnoPB I'Sllad Vitr tinrBM killed by mad dogs ; the person whom it visits has been btother, cousin, of dear friend, over and oyer agdin ; and the place where it visits j him s etudv, or ii bedroom, or a church yard ; any place, in fact, where there is a clock or timepiece of some kind ; that is most necessary, for this ghost would be nothing at all if you did not time it. It certainly has done a great deal' of work ; nor is tbat strange, for it is useful, rather terrible, and easily adapted to circumstances. There is another kind of spirit tbit I cannot pass without mention, and that is the ghost that returns to upper sir because it has forgotten something. This must not be confounded with tlie ghost of Perkins' 'Baron,' who was an enormous villain, with scores of other reasons for walking besides his vow to the saint ; and who, too, never intended to pay the vow. This is quite adiffeient case. A man dies, owing money to his saddler, his hairdresser, and his tobacconist. You unfortunately happen to have been his friend, and ho pitches upon you to pay his debts for him. Accordingly, one night he makes his eppearance in your bedroom with his head thrust through a horse collar. You are naturally alarmed ; for to Bee a man grin through a horse-collar is bad enough, but to Bee a ghost do it must be terrible. As he refuses to speak, you have to guess at his reason for appearing in this extraordinary manner. After asking him a number of questions, you at last put the right one, and in quiie whether he owes money to his saddler. The spectre nods, grins one lsst ghastly grin, and disap pears. The next morning you, of coursc, hurry off, pay the debt, and hope the spirit will disturb you no more. But at night he appears again, this time with a comb and a pair nf scissors in his hands, and walks about your room, dtessing imaginary heads, till you ask whether he owes anytliing to the barber. He nods and vanishes. You pay the | barber. But the next night the 'spirit is with you | again, and now he has a short pipe in his mouth, i You do not detain him long, but grown wise by cx- j perience, mention the tobacconist at once, and he ; takes his leave for good. You riee in the early morn- j ing, and hasten to pay the tobacco bill, hoping, not unnaturally, that the next friend of yours that dies will pay his other debts as well ub the debt of nature ; but, at the same time, thankful that this ' New Way to Psy Old Debts' did not run for more than three nights. There is another kind of ghost which I suppose must be mentioned, though 1 am almost ashamed to do so. I refer to that eccentric 6piiit that rings bells, smashcB crockery, sets the beer run ning, and performs other feats of the 6ort, equally useless and absurd. Ghosts, iu general, hare a purpose in their visitations. They walk to expose crimtp, to reveal secretB, to give warnings, or to bring intelligence ; but this one has neither end nor aim in what it does. It is evidently tbe ghoBt of a practical joker, condemned to be perpetually playing the eame pranks that were its delight in life. Its furm is never seen; its voice is never heard, but it is constantly engsged in making people uncomfortable. It iB the most contemptible of spuits, as, when alive, it must have been the most contemptible of men. However, I venture to hope that we shall never hear of tbis Bpirit again. It would show a great lack fof originality in anyone who made use of it, and originality in ghost tales is very easy to get. All you have to do is to imagine some very unlikely position for a ghoBt to be in, and to put him into it. For instance, a ghost in a balloon, or a ghost under water, or a ghost shaving himself would, if I mistake not, be all of them new. Here, now, is a skeleton of a ghost-story, which I' flatter mytelf is entirely original. Mr. 8., (Initials, of couree. For some reason or other hiitiaU may do things tbat names may not, The public allow Mr. S. to have seen and done things, which, if assigned to Mr. Smith, they would rejeot with (corn.) Mr. $. and his wife are stay ing At thc_ foihionable sea side town of XL., where cne morning Mr. S. receives a letter from hia friend B., requesting him to come without losing a moment, to 1. , where B. ia lying ill. «' Here's tlie ghost,' think the public ; ' B. it the ghost.' A false scent iB rather a judicious thing in a ghost tale. The public are mistaken. B. will lire for fifty years longer, very likely ; at any rate, hU ghost will cot walk in this story, la due course, 8. appears at B.'s house, and witnesses the will, or what ever it may be, for which he was wanted. While he is at dinner, the servant Ii brings him a telegraphic message. It Ib from Mrs, S. — ' Return at once — I have fallen over the oliff.' S. IE in great agitation — returns by the night-train. When he reaohes his house, M.,'tlic housemaid opeuB the door for him. ' Oh ! is tliat you, sir ? Poor Missis has fallen over the cliff.' ' Well, I know that,' olios S. ; ' how is she t ' 'Lor, hir,' replies M., 'she's been dead ever since.' ' Dead !' gasps S,, 'why did you not say so when, yru telegraphed V ' 1 never sent no telpgrapht,' says M. weeping. ' Ob, bo, I forgot. My. wife Bent the message, of course. She lived long enough to do that, did she?' asks the much agitated S. ?? Missis never sent no telegrapht, I'm sure,' re plies M. ; '1 ssw her full irom the cliff and she never siirred afterwards.' 'This Is most extraotdiaary,' Bays S., 'but v, here is she ! Let me nee her. He finds thBt there is a fearful cut on his wife'* ttmplo, and that tbe left arm is broken. When his sgitation will allow him, he again thinks of the mysterious telegram, and aa every one in the hauie denies tliat any telegram was £ent by them, and aB every one esFerts 'that it was impossible that Mis. S. could linvo sent it, the perplexed widower gin s In the telegraph office. ' Do yuu remember who sent this telegram, and at what time r' he utks the cleik. Tbe leply is : | *' Yes, I remember it distinctly. It will be a long | time before I forget it. The message was sent just at tbe very time that tlmt unhappy accident hip i pened at the clifl ; Bnd the person who sent the raes j sage was a deaoly-pale lady, with a fearful cut on ber j tcraple, and whose left arm. hung by her side as if i broken.' | S, with a fearful shudder, rushes from the office. There can be no doubt abuut it. Mts, 8.'s ghost cent the telegram. There ! 1 contidcr that I have capped the ghost in the railway carriage now. My ghost tale ia positively the last out. The only merit that I claim for it, however, are these. It is short, which, I I take it, is one or the greatest merits that a ghost story i can have. It shows progress— the latest improve i inent in ghosts being iheir travelling by rail ; ny i ghoBt goes a step farther, and telegraphs. And it I does not pretend to be true. I candidly confess that I there is not a word of truth in it from beginning to 1 - nd. Not very great merits these, yousay. Nolbutthen 1 labour under a great disadvantage in writing a ghost talc. The fact is that I am not a believer in ghosts, though a perusal of this paper might lead people to suppose the contrary. I don't believe in ghosts, anil it is a happy thing for tne that I do not, for, according to the ghost story-tellers, I lire | in a thoroughly haunted house. I hear in the stillness of the night the wailing of a child. I am. often disturbed in my sleep by a neavy footfall on the stairs, ond by the trampling of feet iu the room over head, My room door opens without being touched | by mertal hand. My crockery falls to the ground, | and the housemaid declares she never laid a finger on. I it. Now, all these things are said to be certain signs, that the spirits ere about, and lo spirits I might attri bute them if I liked. But I do nothing of the kind ; I attribute them to natural causes. When I hear the wailing ol a child, I put it down to Mre. Jones's baby, next door ; and as 1'often see the child going out in a pciambulstor in the diy-timo^-it generally cries then, too — I feel confirmed in my opinion. When I hoirthe footfall on the staire, and the trampling of feet over head, I might shudder and think it a ^hoet, of c lurse — but I. don't. 1 conclude at once that it is the nun who lodges uliove me, who comes in very late, and wears shamefully thick boots. When the door of my room. opLns, and no one enters, it may he the work of a spirit certainly who may be stationed on the landing outside ; but, if so, I regret to Bay that I uncere moniously bang the door in his face, and put it all down to a want of oil. Then, when I hear a terrible noise ol falling crockery, 1 have too much respect for the mcieory oi my deceased friends to charge them, for an instant with the tendencies of a bull in a china shop. I my to myself, 'Hang it! there's Phillis upt,clting the tray again.' And though she declares thft ihe cups and saucers broke themgelves, vet, sorticr than do an injustice to the departed, I venture to disbelieve Phillis. Such seepiiciem oa this ii very unfortunate, truly; but upon my word 1 cannot help it. I should be only too glad lo btlicve in ghokts ; for if such things couUL be. what imrrcneeberviees kiig'nt iney pot lenait 16 ? In a mysterious murder case, what detec tive like ycur ghost } For all we know, there may be buried In various parts of the kingdom treasure suffi cient to pay off tlie National Debt. All we need is a ghost to find it for us. And, oh ! what would not the Titr.it give for a ghost at the seat of war ? But this hope is vain. The only good the spirits have ever done lias been done in fiction, and in fiction may they long do it. The man who writes an interesting chost tale is a general bcnefuctor, but lie should have mercy upon those poor old ghosts who have waiked their legs off in our stivice, ar.d whose horrors are worn threadbare by this time, and give us in their stead something that psy make us shudder and not laugh, something that, in the slang of tlie day, would be called a Gieat Novelty in Spirits. — Once a-n-ei. Puostt ui ion or thi: Krcv, II. S. Fletcuek. — The It-ev. H. S. Flctchcr, who is charged with extensive misappropriation ol tbe funds of the Bilston Savings Bank, was put upon his ti ial at Stafford asBizes on tlie 13th. He was indicted under the Fraudulent Trus tees Act ; but his counsel, after the witnesses for the prosecution had been examined, submitted to the court that, from the nature of Mr. Fletcher's connec tion with the bank, no charge could be sustained ggbiust bim under the statute referred to. The learned judge admitted the difficulty of the point raised, and the trial was adjourned, with a view ta afford counsel on both sides an opportunity, if they thought proper, to agree to a case to be submitted to a superior court. Horatio Laster Fletcher, the eldest son of the prisoner, was charged at Wolverhampton, ou the 12th, with forging an acceptance to a bill of exchange for £80. The prisoner was, up to the 1st of August last, a paitner in the firm of Pitt aud Fletcher, iron merchants, of WillenhBll. On the ap plication of the solicitor for the prosecution, the prisoner was remanded for a week, but the stipendiary refused to accept bail for his appearance. — English Paper, The National Alueih Memorial — The inquiries of tbe London Albert Memorial Committee hare already elicited a good deal of information with re spect to the capacity of our granite quarries for pro ducing a massive obelisk. The Boss of Mull Granite Company state that they can supply a monolith of red granite larger than any known column in existence. The obelisk in the front of the Winter Palace at St. Petersburg, they say, is the largest in Europe, mea suring 03 feet. They state that they can exceed that by at least 7 feet in length, and with a corresponding excess in diameter. This stone is reported by their manager to have been discovered in the Tormore locality, and to be already quarried on three sides. It has an even surface, is quite detached at top aud bottom, iB perlectly sound, and of a good red colour. Besides this letter, there is also one to the effect that in tbe granitic formation between Penryn and Helston monoliths can be shown at this moment of several thousand cubic, feet, perfectly sound and without a single defect. Among others, Sir ltodeiick Murchison is rendering the committee assistance as to the various quarters where a monolith of the requisite proportions might posBibly be found. The Duke of Argyll, who has granite quarries on his estates unleased, is under stood to have made a generous proposal in the event of their capacity being proved to yield a stone suitable for the proposed national monument.— English Paptr. Alderman Drummond, who proposed giving £10,000 fcr the endowment of a school for soldiers' daughters in Dublin, on condition that the Government would give £10,000 more, and the public would subscribe a. similar amount, died at Donnybrook, on the 13th of March, in the eighty- sixth year of his age. The de ceased has bequeathed, not £10,000, but £20,000, foe founding the school ; but the conditions accompany ing the bequest have not yet transpired. The reply or the Government to the prcpoBal of Mr. Drummond had not been given previous to his decease. Population of London.— The popuUitiin of London was 2,608,034 in 1861, as against 2,362,236 in. 1651 ; inhabited houses in l^ijl, 382,890 : in 1851. 305,933, 