THE NARRINYERI, Oil TRIBES OF THE LAKES. AND LOWER MURRAY. - " WoBsnii' or THE DEAD (FROM THE " SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER.") The Narrinyeri point out several stars, and say that they are deceased warriors who have gone to' heaven (Wyirrewarrc)l There are Wyungare and Nej also, and the 'Mnnchingga, and several others. Every native, expects to go to Wvirrewarro after death. They also believe that the dead descend from thence, and walk the earth and that they are, able to injure those whom they dislike. . Consequently men who have been notorious in life for atdornineer. ing and revengeful disposition; are much dread- ed after death. For instance, -there is Karungpe, who comes in the dead of night, when the camp fire has burned low, and like a rushing wind scatters the dying embers, and then takes advantage of the darkness torch some sleeper of life and it is considered dangerous to whistle in the dark, for Karungpe is especially attracted by a whistle. There is another restless spirit-the deceased father of a boy whom I well know who is said to roam about. armed with a rope, with which he catches people All the Narrinyeri, old and young, are dreadfully-' afraid of seeing ghosts, 'and' none of them will venture into the scrub after dark, lest he should' encounter the spirits which are supposed to roam there. I heard some admirable specimens of ghost stories from them. j x 3 The Narrinyeri regard the disapprobation of the spirits of the dead as a thing to-be dreaded; and if a serious quarrel takes place between near relatives, some of their friends are sure to interpose with entreaties to the contentious parties to be reconciled, lest the spirits of the dead should be offended at unseemly disputes between those who ought to be at peace. The name of the dead must not be mentioned until, the body has decayed, test a want of garrow, should seem to be indicated by the common; and flippant use of his name. A native would have the deceased believe that he cannot hear or speak his name without weeping '' ' ' But the most direct way in which the rivers ence of these people is shown for the dead is in their funeral ceremonies. When a man dies they conclude at once that sorcery has been the cause of the mournful event, and that either ugadhungi or millin must have been practiced against him'. Millin is a different kind of sorcery from that described in a previous paper. The first night after a man has died, his nearest relation sleeps with his head on the corpse, in order that he may be led to dream who is the sorcerer that caused his death. The next day the corpse iii elevated on men's shoulders on a sort of a. bier culled ngaratta. The friends of the deceased thegither round, and several names are called out to try if the mention of them produces 'an effect on the corpse. At last the nearest relative calls out the name of the person of whom he had dreamed, and then an impulse towards him the part of the dead body is said to be felt by the bearers, which they pretend they cannot resist, and consequently ' they walk towards him. This impulse is the sign by which 'is known that the right name has been called out. The deceased, still lying on the cigarette, is then placed over the a slow fire for a day or two, until the outer skin blisters. This is removed with the hair, and all the apertures ' are sewed. It is then rubbed over with grease and red ochre, and set up naked on a sort of stage inside the wurley in it sitting position. 'great lamentation and wailing is made at this time by all the relations and friends of the dead man. They cut their hair off close to the head, and be smear themselves with oil and pounded char- coal. The women be smear themselves with the most disgusting filth : they all boat and cut themselves, and make violent demonstrations of grief. All the relatives are careful to be present and not to be wanting in the proper signs of sorrow, lest they should be suspected of com- plicity of causing death. A slow fire is placed under the corpse. in order to dry it. -The relations live, eat, drink, and sleep under the par trifying mass until it is dried. It is then wrapped up in mats and kept in the wurleys. During the time in which it is drying, the female relatives relieve one another in weeping before the body, so as to keep some women always weeping in front of it. All this has very very much the appearance of idolatry. The SIUJ'ICO rising around the red sitting figure, the wailing women, the old men with long wands, with a brush of feathers at the end, anointing it with grease and red chronic these contribute to give one this impression of the whole scene. When any one leaves the wurleys where the body is for a few days, they are expected to stand before it and weep and wail on their return. However they manage the requisite amount of crying never could imagine. For one minute a woman will appear in the deepest agony of grief and tears, a lbw minutes after, the conventional amount of weeping having been accomplished, they will laugh and talk with the merriest. I feel persuaded that fear has more to do with most of these exhibitions than grief. But the spirit of the dead is not considered to have been appeased until his relatives have avenged his death. They will kill the sorcerer who has caused it if they can catch him but generally they cannot catch him, and often do not wish it. Most probably he belongs to some other tribe of the Narrinyeri. Messengers pass between the tribes relative to the affair, and the friends, of the accused person at last formally course the dead man and all his dead relatives. This constitutes a casus belli. Arrangements are forthwith made for a pitched battle, and the two tribes meet in company with their respective allies. The tribe to which the dead man belongs weep and make a great lamentation for him, and the opposing tribe sets some fellows to dance about and play antics in derision of their enemies Then the whole tribe will set up a great laugh by way of further provocation. If there be any other cause of animosity between the tribes besides the matter of avenging the dead there will now be a pretty severe fight with spears. If, however, the tribes have nothing but the dead man to-night about, they will probably throw a few spears, indulge in considerably abuse of each other, perhaps one or two will get slightly wounded, and then some of the old men will declare flint enough has been done. The dead man is considered to have been appeased by the efforts of his friends to avenge his death by fighting, and the two tribes are friendly again. In such a case the fight is a mere ceremony. The hair of the dead in spun into record which is made into a headband, and commonly worn by men. They say that thereby, they smell the dead, and that makes their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight they are enabled to sue the spears coming, and either to parry or avoid them. HINTS ON CONSUMPTION Look at the history of consumption in Scotland and Holland, is related by Dr. Beddoes. While the Scotch dressed in home- spun liusoy-wooljioy, and were warmly clad, and while the Dutch wrapped themselves until they were more like bobbins than any thing else, coughs were rarely heard in the churches, of Scotland and Holland, and consumption was a rare disease ; hub when the Scotch adopted the bitter, cold cottons of Glasgow, and the Dutch donned the light! French style of dress, which is now the mode, their coughs began to disturb Divine won ship as much as they do now, and consumption became a common disease. Look again at butchers, who, as their ruddy appearance testifies, cut large quantities of animal food, and I use, as a body, free from consumption ; and remember the other; day that some curious evidence was adduced to show" that consumptive persons, as a rule, are in the habit I of abstaining from fat. Remember, too, that a fluid fat cod liver oil has been found the most oilbcttittl comedy in the / treatment of consumption. In other i words -there is some reason to believe that consumption may be the natural consequence of the surface being in perfectly protected in cold weather, so that in common language, the blood has been driven to the lungs, and of certain errors of diet, by, which too little animal food, and too little fatty matters have been supplied habitually. | Those reasons, of course, arisen as, others, and many, of this. , And certainly there is nothing in 't!iq,(locoaaod, product called tubercle which need heavy objection to this view, for this product is nothing more than certain natural products which have stopped short at a period of development more or loss rudimentary. There are, of course,, scanty hints, and very imperfect hints of the way in which, it may be expected that certain diseases will be. allows to be something in 01 door, and not something out of order. Demonstration is a different matter, and perhaps, the time has not yet an rived in which demonstration may, be, hoped for ; but we see, enough already to be convinced that the time will come whom nery disease, ucutß|avi,d chronic, will be i shown' to, be something as (perfectly natural something as perfect physiological 03 health itseif.-0V¡¡«»,au>'í Meâjca^Critiç. 0 , ,' , ( _"",,,, ft,, 