'"' THE DISTRESSIN..THE COTTON DISTRICTS. (From the Time* Reporter.) Freston, August S3. I BEGAN with Jfreston, because it was tne town [which was described as having received the severest blow from the stoppage of the supply of cotton. For this there are several causes. From tho peculiar quality of the manufacture, which for tho most part requires cotton of a very fine quality, which has hitherto been sup. plied almost entirely from one. source-New Orloans-it Buffered immediately from the 'first straitening of the supplies, and it is now closo upon twelve months since the want of employ- ment began to be felt. The great strike which took place here nine years ago, and the panic of 1857, which stopped many mills, wasted the resources of the operatives, and they had hardly had time to recover themselves when the present pressure came on. Of tho total population of Freston, 82,900, it is calculated that 20,000 are, in one way. or other, engaged in tho cotton mills, and of these 12,400 are altogether out of employment, 5697 are working half-time, 0020 four days a week, and 0070 aro at present working full time. To put it in a more striking form, thoro are now 10,553 persons receiving relief from the parish funds, of whom moro than 8000 aro duo to tho present distress, and the Belief Oommitteo has on its books 22,000 persons, some of whom recoivo relief from tho parish, and some do not. Taking the two lists together, I bolievo it ia under the mark to say that thore aro at loast 23,000 in the town out of a population of 82,000, who live entirely on charity, and the number is daily in- creasing. But even this is not all-for I very soon found that tho relief lists by no means measured tho wholo amount of privation and suiloring, for the groator part of thoso working half.timo aro scarcoly, if at tall, better off than tho absoluto paupers. A largo proportion of Indian cotton is now being used nt tho mills which still continno to run, but being unsuited to tho machinery it is cxtromoly difficult to work, and tho hands cnn makohardly any wagos with it. "Half time * is by no means synonymous wi tb bal wages. I was in. not B few houses where whole family depended on a pittance of 5s., Os or 8J., earned, by one of . its members, en where to all appearances the distress was i severe as if all of them had been totally unen ployed. Fortunately the worst of such casi as these are included in the operations of tl Belief Committee. The whole amount < wages lost to the operatives by the failure i employment i ä calculated at £13,000 a week the place of which is supplied by a week] dole, which last week amounted 1 a little over £1000 ; so that, in rous numbers, each of the relieved population, incluí ing men, women, and children, is deprived of t many of the necessaries and comforts of life-t say nothing of saving and provision for tb future-as can be purchased for something sho of IOJ. a-woek. These general figures, thoug startling en»ugh, but faintly express tho actu privation which many poor creatures are suffe ing here. If I had confined my visita to tl poorost .quarter of the town-to place3 whet good wages are spent recklessly on the bell and back, and where there is al wa-, more .or less of poverty and n thinking of to-morrow-I might' easil pile up cases of squalid misery hardl to be equalled in the most degraded dens ot th metropolis. For instance, in one court I foun a poor woman with three children whose hui band bad three days' parish work and au oxti relief of three shillings, in all six shillings a-wee for the five. All their furniture was gone but table and two chairs, and all five slept in on bed, which was placed.in a dark hole with not ray of light finding its way into it-such as w should hardly think too good to store coals ir AU their clothes , had been pawned, and mo; bitterly of all did the poor woman lament good black suit of her husband which was " in for 10s., and which they could never hope t redeem. Their earnings in good times hid bee about 25s. a week. In the same court wa another family in equal straits. Six peopl had to "."» on-8s. a week, which the husban earnod working half-time ; all were reduce to ono beu, the other two having been long ag sold to keep the wolf from the door, and th whole family had just one sheet to lie on an a quilt to cover them. In another houss I sa' a sight which will bo before my ey CB for man a day to come. It was a little low stono-flooro room, its only furniture a table, a stool, and bed. On the bed was stretched a wretchei object, I could not tell whether it was a mai or a woman, worn to the bone-a ver; skeleton, in fact, her . body covered with putric sores, with not a rag on her,-literally nobec but for the coarse sheet which was spreác over her... The bed on which she lay was i rough brown sacking stuffed with a. handfu of straw. Sho had lain there I don't know hov long ; her husband had lain there beforo her and died on the same bed. She was the mothe of two girls, faatory-operatives, who earned o wero relieved with a few shillings-I forgot hos many, for I own I was too much shocked a what I saw to listen to figures. One can onl; hope, for tho credit of the relieving officer, tba this terrible case had escaped his notico, othet wise he would surely have strained or broken : rule, or had this miserable creature remove from the wretched den in which I found bei Even among a somewhat better class the suffei ing is hardly less extreme, and sad were th tales to which I had to listen of the gre dual descent from comfort. to utter destitution in one little house, huddled altogether, was family of ll, all of whom had been 28 week out of work, and for 15 of these they had es isted on something less than ls. per head. Th relief oommittee had just raised their pittance t< 10s. for the ll. Before the bad times the famil earnings had been about £8 15s., and they.ha« had to part with noarly all their furniture. ¡ Ii a cellar, living with another family, I came upai a man and ids wife and threo children, wh for weeks had boon living on Gs. Od. for th five. They had formorly lived in i houBe of their own, neatly furnished, but th landlord had turned them out when they did no pay their rent, and their furniture had absolutel; all disappeared but a bed, a pan, and a k ot tlc Close by were a man and his wife with thre girls and two boys, ell over ten years' of age living on ten shillings a wc;k. This family toe had only one bed among them, and the childrei slept on the bare boards. But perhaps the strongest illustrations of th distress actually chargeable on the presen crisis' are tho cases of respectable men wh have hitherto kept themselves in comfort, am endeavoured to provide tor old age . and in firmity. There wai no difficulty in finding plonty of these. At one house I visite» a young couple, not long married, who betweer them earned over £2 a week. They had bot] been out of Work for some time, and when thei savings were exhausted they, had atlast appliei to the pariah. -Their present income was exactly 5s. Gd. a week, out of which their rent wal Ss. 7d., leaving thom 3s n-woekfor subsistence Another young couple had 2 J. a-week from thi Belief Committee ; but living with their parents they had no rent to pay. In the next house there were four grown-up people living whose united inoomes amounted to Os., out of which they had to pay Ss. rent. A little further on 1 came on an oversee; with a family of five child. ren. His salary had been 30s.. a-woek, and though he had been out of work for moro than a twelvemonth, he had managed to struggle on till about a fortnight ago, when, all his resource! being exhausted, he had been compelled tc apply for relief, and was now receiving, "from one source or another, about Os. a week. An old woman and two daughters, both of them over twenty-five yeors of ago-ono employed half- time, the other receiving relief- had among them 4s. Gd. a week. A highly respectable roed hook maker-whoso wife oiiod bitterly as Bbc told me her story-is earning, with tho aid ol ono of his boys, 7s. a week, which hos to keep four of them, by dredging stones from the bed of the river. They had pained all their clothes and much of their furnituro bofore ap- plying to the Boliof Committee I might go on for another column with oases of a similar character, but I have solee tod sufficient, I think, to show the common destitution in which all classes of operatives hore, whatever may havo been thoir previous position,' are now plunged. So for as it is passible to get an average of the measuro of reliof-poor re- lief and Belief Cou sail too combined-I should say that it could not be more than from ls. Od. to ls. 8d. por bead ; and in very many cases which came undor my own observation it did not amount to that; that is to soy, tho unemployed operatives and a largo pro- portion of thoBo on half timo-on tho most favourable representation of tho state of things -aro sustaining thcmsolves and their families for about lg. Gd. por head por woek, and many of thom, as wo havo soon, far lesa. A veiy ?mall proportion of thiu is actual monoy; for tho J relief committee" reliéve~ wholly in kind-bread, soup, and coffee-and the guardians half in kind and half in money. . Bat, whatever be the »tender sum of ready money which finds its way into their pockets, they have to pay their rent out of it, varying according to the locality, from ls. Od. to 3s. Od. a. week, or at least, they ought to pay it, but the owners of cottage property, especially those who are soft-hearted, ara amoag tho severest sufferers by the crisis. I have heard of one owner who has already lost £400 in this way, and who is now losing regularly ¿20 aweek by the inability of his tenants to pay their ronts. As a general rule, I am glad to say there has been unusual forbearance shown by landlords, though I have heard of several cases whore the poor creatures have been ruthlessly thrust into the street as soon ns they began to run into arrear. To avoid this fate they will often pay the rent when they have not a morsel of food in the house, or will pawn their bedding, clothes, or furniture. With too many of them the season for these . expedients, is past. Most of their property is gme, tho pawnbrokers' shops aro full, - and one o! the largest pawnbrokers in the town told me to- day that it is a fortnight at least since he had any pledge of this sort offered at bis shop, . The articles whioh are sow finding their way to him aro the s'.ock in trade of the Bm all shop- keepers who begin to feel the pressure of'the times, and especially of the 3d. rata whioh is now being levied with some threatenings of rigour. This is a doss of the population very much to be pitied. Most of those who depend on the factory operatives have suffered severely \- some are not doing a quarter^of their ac- customed business, and a few are already ruined altogether. : I have boen in two or three shops, whioh were really nothing but an array of emp'y cases-the meto ghosts of shops -no goods for salo of any sort-and shop- keepers living liko their customers, from the parish or the relief committee In ono Bhop I oleared out the last remnants of tho stock by purchasing a modest parcel of local sweetmeats for the swarms of children in the next court,, and the woman who served me said it was the first sale she had made for throe weeks. The children, by the way, so far as I have seen, for tho most part continue to look healthy,, though in many cases tho poorness of their food, or tho long continuance of meal diet, have shown themselves in scorbutio diseases. They, are worse off in the matter of clothing, and many I saw moving about with nothing more than a thin^cotton dress, and perhaps a petticoat, to cover them. 