..:..;.-£: ?;?.?; THE THEATRES. . ?? ? i; HICHAM) THE THIRD AT THE ROYAX..' ' T&e; production of 'Richard the Thirds at the Theatre^ Royal onThursday evening, introduced-Mr \- Barry' Sullivan to us in one of the most striking of SHak'spere's characters-— King Richard. \ His Bticceas ^as equal to the aiduousneas, of; theun ,, dertakicg. Mr Sullivan's scholarly rendering of Hafhlet, .the dignified repose he, exhibited in that character, and his more quiet, interpretation of Richejieu to that ,wa have . been accustomed; to, ihad'not -prepared us ifor the spirit, and effect, of '.'his Richard. Froou .his first ? entrance;. wc.^jiaa : xne v Doift. bad man,' before ^'ii; ^ *¥8 opening,, soliloquy i the bitter nesB'bf his mind, caused by his personal cur tail-.. rnerit of 'fair proportion,'' and his remorseless ? villainy, were most forcibly presented. We were ? there'1 furnished with ^the /key\\.^~ the. .character, . and' RicKifd's, motives were manifest -to the e?3r, '-'.',. T^k- Mr Sullivan, Richard is :not Biraply - crafty, violent villain. Buoyed u.p wita/'_}iope,.aad confident in his resources, he ap pears in the intoxication of success not to see the full evil of his' deaign's, and indeed his bad intents are often glossed over by the grace and energy of the execution of the deed. Ambition is -. indeed hiB crime; the crown his object, to attain which all who stand in his way must, perish. ? lniB object is cloaked at first, when in the'; actual; presence of - others, but. to ™L°se whp . have the key it still; is manifest When the seizure.bf the crown is urged upon him by the citizefabi his, affected reluctance was admir ably acted, and the swelling emotion which broke, forth when rthe shout was raised, 'Long live King Richard,' was a! true touch, of na* ture. After his successful practising upon the credulity oiLadyAnne there is something frightful in the heaTtlessness of his lerityj but this is in keeping with.. the part; and the same callousness is shown when, satiated with his first love, and with his eyes fixed upon the fair Elizabeth, he roughly and passionately avows to Lady-Anneixm hatred of her. ; In the murder scene in the Tower also, a like .indifference ; to - crime is finely dis played. The.' King is evidently made happy by Tyrrell' s hews of the completion of » the most arch deed .of. piteous massacre that ever yet this land was guilty of,'.1 it is4h the last act, how ever, when retribution is fast approaching, and the terror, of; a guilty mind cannot wholly be cast on, and when all the resources of Richard's cha racter are-taxed to their utmost, that! the actor shone most. Stung with rage, and bursting with passion, the workings of the ' fiery soul; .were expressed in every movement.: Aa-8 ea8er with- the wild impetuosity of revenge,' and his hurried action, his quivering visage, and aisjrequent and violent transitions showed that he felt, and knew of the coming crisis in his fate. Whensleep visited his eyelids, still the body -Was not at rest, and the terror struck into his soul by' the visionof the ghost of the slain was palpable. The wakening from' the dream, and the fervid passage, 'Gave me another horse !? Bind up my wounds !' was ejaculated in a mariner which fau-ly brought the house down. In like manner was the recovery from the appalling and weaken ing terror manifested, ?' Let not our babbling dreams affright our souls' ; ' and the con ventional burst under the exhortation of ixatcliffe, 'Richard's himself again,' became, from it^ mode of delivery, a novelty. This energy of action ia maintained throughout tke concluding portion of the -drama; and so well does the unscrupulous1 monarch play his regal part in his closing .moments, that we are tempted to regret ?'the;/ fatal pass of Richmond's sword which rids the earth of the royal villain. Mr Sullivan was enthusiastically received ; he was called for at the end of each act, and at the termination* of the drama he had to bow his thanks amid a perfect storm, of applause. The general excellence which characterised th» effort, ?will, we.':^hinki raise Mr Sullivan yet higher in the publics estimation1; at'leaBt, this much may . . be safely ,-i said, if the verdict, of , the well filled house of Thursday is to be taken as a criterion. With regard to the other characters ! of the drama, we may say that Mr, Warner gave a careful and spirited rehearsal of 'Richmond, and that .as Lady Antie, Miss Gougenheim was above mediocrity. : Mr Hope appeared as Buckingham, Mr Belfield as Norfolk, and. Mi& C Poole as Elisabeth;* - The company, as we have before said, ia far from perfect, but its members have latterly made consider able improvement, and yesterday the good humor of the audience was only taxed upon one occasion. ' 