NOTWITHSTANDING that our Parliament opened oa Friday, and that colonial politic* may be supposed to be flinging their influences around us, it may be well, perhaps, to look at thingi, an they are paatiog, from a social point of view. This day will be celebrated throughout tie Colony of Victoria, the coating of «m of His Royal Highness ALBBHT EDWARD PRINCE OF WALBS, and although we are sixteen thousand miles away from the land over which it is,—in all human calculation,—destined that he flhall rule, the spirit of true loyalty ia here, alive and in full force. It is not a light taatter when one comes sternly to think of it. Oar Queen has, throughout her whole life ahone out a* a bright atar among all tbe crowned heads, and has made a pattern to be copied by every household in her own dominions. Nothing in her blameless life ha* happened of her own seeking for the most susceptible caviller to seite hold of, and it ia well known that the welfare of tbe country over which she has exercised so benignant a rule, holds a near and dear place in her womanly and motherly heart. We do right, therefore, in keeping the tweDty-fiwt anniversary of the nativity of the Queen's eldest son as a day of re- It is said thatthe Prince of Wales as strong points of similarity with the character of the late Prince Consort,— " llis silent father of our Idngs to be," as Tennyson has suns of him. Good it is if this lie so, and we of the golden continent should feel tho effects of a just and rule over the home country as truly poignantly as the opposite poles of amagnet. & our rejoicings of to-day, the occasion will, we hope, not be lost of. England believes in bar colonies and trusts them in (heir loyalty and good faith, and we are not saying too much when we assert that she desermUy does so with re&miee; to Victoria. How glad should we be if this occasion were made the starting poiiit for a unanimity of feeling in reference to die places round about us; if it could ho made a time from whence all tibe pitiable local jealousies, the veriest baby canriat fitil to perceive exiit, shall be thrown aside and J buried; from whence the hands of friendship and co-operation shall be cheerfully clasped and a principle of mutual help determined upon! Whether it lie the odd manner in which we imve'eome together on this marvellous soil, or the peculiar in lluences of the climate, we are uuable to say, bnt certain it is, that as between some places there is a ragged species of unfamiliarity, an indiscreet and foolish heartburning that ought to be rooted out, and quicklv. The tinkling lines of Moore, in his charming poem, might well be applied to us :— Poor fallen race, said tbe pitying spirit, Doarly you pay for your primal (all; Some Sowers of Kden >vo still Inherit, But the trail of the serpent is over them alt If we could always keep this one plain fact before us, that we are denisens of the same country, enjoying the same privileges and have but one common end; namely the prosperity of the colony and pur own mutual success, it would be well. No matter what creed or country; here we are, and here we most of us intend to be, mid it is our bounden duty to look each other cheerfully in the face", and from no matter what place, say " Ye be welcome, hearty brother, Come ye whence ye may." Tlie " trail of the serp^Jft ought never to be seen amongst us as fellow-colonists. Distinction there always must and mil be in all the phases of life, and properly so to, but the distinction between placet merely because (hey have different names and situations,—a distinction we mean which leads to the mockery and decrying of each other, is a little, miserable, misbegotten idea to be Btranglfd in the pressure of contempt. We have often preached," it may be said, in this strain before, bnt the feeling haunts us like an unwholesome ghost; the evils of local jealousies coine perpetually before our eyes, and we arc deeply convinced of the radical injuries they inflict. If then, amid the pic-nica, cricket matches, and other social merrymakings of to-day, the idea we have here shadowed forth*could hold a tender place in the memories of some who have the " true heart of steel," we shall be glad. If to-day, in the flush and heat,—in the difference of accent.—among the pleasant rustling of silks and bright gleatmngsof pleasant faeca uuder those terribly tautaliiiiig little bat*, minds could be made up to say to all around our capital up-emmtry district firms henceforth, "We are brothers and mean well," an era will be inaugurated that will have a better effect in furthering our general and lasting welfare than all the deputations and committees that ever were nominated, or all the memorials ever concocted by municipal diplomatists. Try it friends t PAKLIAMKXT met on Friday last, and was opened by His Eicdlency the Governor, with all due pomp and ceremony. The speech, which we give elsewhere, will be found to contain nothing particularly important, and is worded in the cautious and general style adopted on such occasions. We are, however, glad to see the ground taken by Mr. Duffy iu reference to the subject of Mr. Snoognss's speech on the amendment to the address. The language of Mr. Duffy is unmistakable. He asserts, as we always have asserted,that the "gross "violations," and "swindles" respecting the selection of land under tbe Land Bill exist only in the imaginations of people who talk and write about them. That some infringements may have crept iu it would be odd indeed not to suppose but no proof has yet been shewn of any extensive " swindle" at any of the land selections. Sir. Duffy, like a gallant political knight, rejoices that the lists are opened for the wordy tournament on this subject, and challenges all comers to prove by force of evidence the failure of his scheme. The speech of Mr. Heaies was an unmitigated piece of blundering, parliamentarily speaking, and his words denoted a foregone conclusion, arising out of party prejudice. The consequences of this opening joust will be to strengthen the hands of the present ministry, and thereby give a confidence to the minds of right-thinkers in tbc future prosperity of the colony. The importance of giving immediate publicity to the report on tbe operation* noder the Land Law will, we trust, be a sufficient excuse for holding over a large ararant of locil news, which were already in type. The report was furnished to us specially yesterday, and will be fonnd to contain matter of maeb Interest to every class of our readers. The body of the poor fellow, Scott Elliott, wb» was missing (mm the Alma was found la the Bet Bet creek on Friday. An in^asst was held before Dr. T<aldman, oa Saturday, tbe particulars of which we shall give on Wednesday. , . We saw a Jams Mfuro- at As Hospital a day or two rfnee, worthy of presentation as an eittsetdlnary spodmun of" arrested development," It was a kid, or rsther a part of tm kMs, Imrii to a very coriotu shape, having one bsadosly, with two well developed ears hi front, sod a redimentary car at tbe back of the hsad. Tbe thing bad «lght ltgs and two tails, but only two eyes. It is preserved, and will be sent to the Musesm st Melbourne. Horse aoddenu faave besa rite abont us Utdy. On Thursday, a ytwng man nsms6 Herfoi^, of Carisbrook, whilst breaking la a young borse, fsU, and ssstalasd an iqjury to his wrist, which neoe»>~ sttsted his being taken to tbe Mtryborougft Hof pits!. It wai nnfortunste for the man in so unusual degree, for be hal already sustained severe fqjories to his other wrist. Wis ssd to reflect that the deaths, fdattag to wMdi the inqossts bavebeco held, ths particulars a of which will be fouoiia'our next issaa, tmaesble with fearfiil truth to tbe "demon nobbier." There Is a case of staMriag^ In a publichoose at Mount Moliagsl. The deatii of a child through drinking glni Ihe drowning of a man in the Bet- Bet creek, who was admitted on all bsndsto have bseo drunk,and tbsdrawaing of a man named Scott Elliott, tfanngli ddirtm Immi. These are terrible inilsnoss in their awmsasnd cumber 1 ' On Friday night, tbe perform suoe by ths a Maories from New Zealand, was IttstaUy a »uffi>catlog audieoae. Then is a quaJntaess and oddity e abMt the doings of these Maorlei i>n the st««s most retturkabie, but ths Utile plaos on wblcb thsrjhad to perform, did not saabls them to go • through their dances as they could have done- '1 he | whole thing was well worth seeing. ] We are eieoedingly flad to ten there 3s a ootn- ] fortable ooureysnoe running between Maryborough and Gatfsbnok daily. The charge is most reasonj able. It Is sure to be extensively patronized Wo beg to call attention to die basaar which I will commence at Messrs. Levy's late store, in High- street, on tue iBib last., m ata orttio funa of the ConRrcgstiifnal Church. These affklri aro in variably well supported ID Maryborough, -and this occasion will, from all we learn, certainly not form an exception. ' Pie-Dies and a variety of re-creations have been set on foot to pass Monday's holiday, which will, neither permitting be gaily spent by our friends around us. Mr. Legge, we see has postponed his quadrille pirty,—a wise step this hot weather, Tlie Cricket match cxcltes a good dad of interest. The 7'arraxpomrr Timet thus speaks of it:—"On Monday next the cricketers of Maldon do battle with those of Maryborough, when we hope at all events to see a better match than that of last year, played In Mr. Lawrence's paddock, when the Msidom'les received, * sound drubbing. We are glad this season practice bas been better attended to, and again exptea a hops titat the Elereo sent to Maryborough will be able to give a good account of themselves. MaUaa's First BlWsa fSO to Msrvboraugh, and her Second " " " Second Eleven front Matyborough - Ovsl oil tbe same dty. The folio* the players selacted:—First Eleven: Bonis (captain), Lewis, K. Heard en, C. Webster, Johns* Dew, Uowliston,P. Filsgeratd, Easton, Bniy.s B. Wilnisley. Second Seven; South. Ware, Watson, A. Oonras, Clsrke, Klcoate, W. Fitigemld, Closver, Treadwell, W. Deartea, and J, Herbert. Tbe Argw says, with reference to the proceedings on the opening of Parliament.—" Mr. liwlo's speech was a signal blander la strateiy, of which Mr. Dolly took easy advantage, by ing himself to furnish the country with" information of all that Mr. Heaies knows by itaggersted rumour, and from partial and interested •ouroes. Whatever Hie defects in tbe Land Act May be, we shall learn ia a day or two what and bow many are the precise cases of fraud and evasion abont which so great an outcty his been raised hy the Opposition organs. We do not require the information to help as to condemn the act itself, in some of its le vJisg provisions, but it will lie of the greatest use in dialing with the specific charges which have been made against Mr. DuBy himself, for his maladministration of the Uw. 