JU)DRE83( TO THE. PBTRIPIBD- MAH. 7 [AK ADAPTATION,] , -tuto wert thou tarried to stone lo age* hoary I. And didst thoa Jive long centuries ago, Whoa savage life iras in its pristine glory, ."And Stenn bad not oommencod its overthrow ? l)id'at aleen in peace in those dark oaves stupendous, Hf which the extent, tbey say, ii quito tromendona 1 ajpsak 1 for thou long enough hast been a dummy. Hast thou a tongueT Come, lot ns bear its tone j Don't act an sulkily, and look so glummy, Because, instead of dost, thou'rt turned to stone! -Vat like thin ghosts, or disembodied creatures, Thou bast a body, arms, and legi, and features. 'Tell us, for doubtless thou can'st recollect, Who first discovered this great southern laud Ï What argosies have on ita shores been wrecked f Who slew the gallant La Poreuse's band 1 3B there a people in tbe far interior. Who, to their countrymen, aro quite superior ? JUd not old Dampier, that famed buccaneer, Once drive his prow upon this lonely strand? Were Portuguese or Datoh the first to steer Their white-winged barks to thia then unknown land? Tbe Srat ship which arrived-was ita commander jt\ Lusitanian or a Netherlander ? Wert thon a coradjie, and so forbidden By oath to tell the secrotB of thy creed t If .not, what ia the meaning which lies hidden In that mysterious rite-that secret deed Said to be |.ruct!sed in the deepest Blindes, Jijad darkeit gloom of solitary glades Î " 'Perhaps that very hand-now stony atiff Baa cast a apear at old Dirk Hartog s crew ; .Perhaps that month has tasted many a whiff With Peter Noyt, and Abel Tasman, too ; Or held, at their especial invitation, .Corroboree, the pastime of thy cation. ¡JPercbanco those bony hands, in angry fray, Save Portuguese and Dutchmen mauled and knuckled, "When they bave tried thy lubra's faith to sway, And ibonght to make her sable lord a ouokold : ¡For, haman nature, of whatever natioB, -Ia ready to revenge auoh provocation. ¡fililí silent, uncommunicative elf 1 Art aworn to secrecy ? then keep thy vows ; Bntpr*ytlioe tell us something of thyself; Borea! the secrets of thy prison-house ; Since, in the world of spirits thc ti bast slumber'd. What hast thou seen T what strange adventures uumberM ? <&nce; first thy form was in that cave extended We have above ground seen some strange commotions ; Both creeds and kingdoms have begun and ended ; We've had reforms, and we have Jost old notions, And men of mark have into dust boen humbled, While not a fragment of thy frame has crumbled. Didst thou not bear the row above thy head When Bendigo and Ballaarat were found When diggers, o'er thy grave with heavy tread, \- Were to tho latest rash in hurry bonna, 'To tear tho bowels of the earth asunder, IT A» if old Jove had flung his bolts of thunder? Jf the tomb's secrets may not bo confess'd, adte nature of thy private lite unfold i . A heart baa throbb'd beneath that stony breast, And tears adown that dnsky oheek have roll'd : . -Have piccaninnies climb d to kita that face 1 ¡What was thy nemo and station, age and ruco ? ¡Statue of atone-immortal of the dead V Imperishable type of evanesconce I TWKnntmi« man." who qaitt'st thy rooky bcd, And standest nndeoay'a vriiuiu ».» PM»n»i>r. 3ukoa wilt bear nothing till the judgment morning, When the great tramp shall thrill thee with ita warning. Why should thia worthless tenement endure, JÍ ita undying gaset be lost for ever ? 'Ob, Jet na keep tbosoul embalm'd and pure la Jiving virtue, that, when both must sever, .Although corruption may onr frome consomé, The immortal spirit in the skies may bloom. 