THE'BENDIG0 ADVERTISER PUBLISHED DAILY "• j f ttOGKESSIOX, OUB RIGHTS, AND OUIt BESOURCKS. SA NDUUltST, TUESDAY, SEP. 1G, 1862 DE LUNATICO INQUIEENDO. NY)T many days have elapsed since,- a'statement, subsequently thoroughly authenticated, appeared in all the colonial newspapers—that a nugget weighing very nearly 300 ounces-had been dis covered in the vicinity of Dunolly, and that the findera were indisposed to disclose the locality whence the welcome stranger had been ex humed. The . intelligence was duly par raded in large type, and no reasonable doubt could be entertained of-the' genuine ness of the information.—In the old digging times a rush would, have been ■ the natural and inevitable consequence, of a similar an nouncement. " Rush, oh !" would have been tlie cry, and an extensive influx of miners'would almost instantaneously have invaded ijhe quiet, township of Dunolly. ; But we hare changed all tliis. Distance alone in these degenerate days lends enchantment to the view. People, now-a-daj-s scorn to tread in the steps of what mav be termed the Old Identity of .diggerdom. Place a thousand or two miles between the fidgetty miners ' of Victoria and.;the ultimatum of their ambition—rich, easy diggings, all of the good old: time, fwhen" nuggets- were uiiearthed like potatoes, and fine gold choked the bars' of every cradle—and; whether ^ the news tr;inH mitt-ed .has. even the'semblance of truth aboutj it or not, straightway arecoaches . arid waggons, filled, and the roads, occupied by fortune, . hunters.,,, Most of these have . money, v a few a. goodly sum each, but more with just enough to land' them on the- shores of the El Dorado in prospect, and perhaps a pound or two to cany, them up to- the diggings; The, difficulty, of transit is pooh-poohed, the "enormous price' of, provisions treated lightly. They have' never, starved yet, and their good luck will carry, them through. Out of such food are shippers', agents and coach proprietors' profits chiefly' made, and thus does the country where industries; are permanent and reasonably remunerative,—j -the chance of a grandcoup being always open,—, mainly suffer. . As. an' instance„ most pertinent; to this issue, we may cite the telegram posted by. Cobb and .Col in tlie; Shamrock and Lyceum Hotels yesterday. It will be found in another •column'in full. Twenty-four ounces of gold are stated to have been taken off the bottom of the first hole sunk. Where the hole was sunk, on what new goldfield—the Clutha or Mr. Pyke's strongly recommended Nokoami—de ponent said .not. ; Enough that a vague rumor ' was circulated. The night coach fills, and affecting farewells were exchanged between Larry and Mick, Bill and Tom, said. Mick and Tom, . of course, duly promising to write full ' particulars of their doings on their arrival at the spot, where any . old woman with a tin dish could, in an hour or two, wash off enough gold to keep her and family for as many months. To day will probably tell'the same tale. Cobb and Co. rejoice on. the -strength. of fully-ladeu coaches, and "Pall \ Mall deplores the loss of a few score more:of lier:best customers. So may the farce proceed for-a day or two until men's minds regain their proper equilibrium. But on this.pccasioiriTew Zealand has two strings to her liow.The, Clutha is. flooded, and Mr. Hartley has accordingly escaped lynching or drowning, the Latter-of which modes of prompt exit from this vale of tears would seem to be the easier in Otago, seeing that trees are about as scarce there as Dr. Johnson found them to bo in , Scotland. A new goldfield has been discovered at Invercargill, upon which Mr. Pyke, the gold commissioner has reported favorably. Our tele gram adds that in three weeks two pounds weight of gold have been got on the bank of the river. By how may persons we know not, whether by two or by twenty. Under any circumstances the find is nothing extraordinary, or such a3 should even disturb a digger over his breakfast, much less set him thinking how lie should dispose of his worldly gear, so as to give him a start to the new world of his hopes and desires. There is a singular coincidence between the two pounds weight of gold found at Invercargill and "the twenty-four ounces got off the bottom at the new- diggings." For Invercargill read Clutha,'* and vke and the ignorant readers of the telegraphic news would suppose that the Tom Tiddler's ground of Messrs. Hartley and Eeilly had given a splendid yield on the first trial by the new workers, and that Invercargill was another golden goose to be squeezed whenever the more pro lific Clutha might become more or less exhausted. It is undoubtedly true that the Aldinga has brought J 1,000 ounces of gold from Dunedin, but that besides the 87 lbs. weight lodged in the Treasury by Hartley and Rejlly a single pennyweight has been procrured from the new fields, even t'n# most credulous believer in Otago must, on a nioint\ deration, see the absurdity of crediting. - Upon calm consideration of the Aldinga's in*. telli"enco, wo expect the miners of Bendigo ivxll forego all thought of breaking up their homes here, however humble tlioy may be. And this brings .us to.tho maiu object of our writing. On Satnrday a letter appeared in.- tho• Ad vertiser wl\icK ^teoiigiy ~ recommended the thorough " prospecting^ of ^a^,, po'rt'ion _ of tho Bendigo • district'' hithferton' lJriW»at. entargly overlooked, and "offering on the part of the writer to point out the area wherein he believed a large goldfield would be discovered. The offer, to be sure, was vague, but as general ob: servation has declared Bendigo not half disco vered, it scarcely needs a ghost to come from the grave to point out our derelictions of duty in the matter of prospecting. At sundry times and in divers places has the money of the shopkeepers and other residents in Sandhurst and .neighborhood .been expended uselessly iw ' prospeding^lie^cbtmtry around; These ill-digested and,ill- managed schemes fur nished'and stocked the paradise of loafers, upon which, locust-like, they fed and fattened as long as the cheques of the " society or association were .honored at the bank. Failure being tlie imiversal^rule, men "became / at 'first -ctiitry ofi (Entering .into, new investment^ the forerunners, of-jvluch had proved so profitless) save 'to "the 'loafers aforesaid; Finally, tho breeches.; ^pocket wjjg..- sternly but toned up, and no greater nisvdt could, bp offered to a Sandhurst^- tradesman than-, to - ask liini to contribute towards the maintenance of a prospecting patty. All' the' while, however, the faith was strong that one day, .or other ft new Bendigo Vould be opened '"Up within a; radiusf of ten or°a dozen, miles.- „But .the already well;' bled storekeeper elected to trust to the chapter of accidents for the fo^unate discovery^ •con tent to jo'g along "with tlie'diniihished but' certain I profits obtainable from, .customers gaining their livelihood out of the old lines of reefs, ! and-i the; recfiauffc ot ~£UuvihI Sortings. The time seems now to have airrived—'when a formidable rival hasspruiigup^in a neighboring colony, which threatens to carry off numbers of the well-to-do minera into an exile which is as likely as not. to be psrma-; nent—for all to be up and doing, for those -who have faith in the illimitability. of our resources, as well as for those who " let I dare not wait upon I would," ;to rouse them selves, and see wheifoer some plan - cannot .be contrived^ and at once, to test thoroughly some of the thousands of 'untried 'acres which surround Bendigo at almost aU points, of u.the compass. Partial discoveries are made weekly, a patch here and there.yields/splendidly, but. no general movement is made to test a large territory. | Should■ there be initiated a' movement at all generally supported. in Sandhurst, *we shall be ' prepared with a proposition for the management of prospecting, which we believe wUl x^eventjthe recurrence of the numerous failures that have disheartened our citizens for any further under-, takings. At any rate, whether success or failure be the result, the country to be pros I pected will have had a fair trial. What we wish now, is that the public will show an inter-; est in what most materially affects the prosperity j of Bendigo. The Hox, R. Heai.es, M.L.A.—Mr. Ileales takes his departure for Melbourne by the ten o'clock coach this morning. We believe so great, lias been the demand for seats in Cobb's coaches,! that it was with the greatest difficulty Mr. Heales; could secure one; and as it was, he had to wait a' day. Back from- Cldtiia.—/Two j Bendigo;jdiggers; yesterday- returned to"the olil spot",'h'avm the opportunity afforded by the Aldinga for; getting back.to Victorian soil. They report that after many difficulties,! having} {arrived at the; Upper Clutha, "they found'tlie bars of the riverr some twelve feet under. water, and the chnice spots pointed out' by Mr. Hartley quite'inncces s'ible. .Numbers came back.wth'them, all'heartily' cursing themselves for having gone on a fool's | errand. We expect, tq have, numberless such in stances to chironicle'during thte rieXt month or two. We see that Messrs.-Wrixon and Rymer, being duly authorised to examine titles, are prepared to procure'leases under-the new Land Act. FRAUDULENT INSOLVENCY.—A meeting will be held at the View Point Hotel, this evening, at eight o'clock, to devise means to prevent fraud- ulent insolvency. SAXDiiuitsT Dramatic Club.—The members of the Sandhurst Dramatic Club intend giving aprr formance on the 17th pros., when they will per form fof the ,fi'rst':time' in the . colony .a , new comedy, by Torii Taylor, called " The; Victims," and the burlesque oii " Macbeth " .Theiprocecds of the performance are to be devoted to the. Burke Monument.Fund. >'■; ] i Mill Rojibehy, and. Clever Cai-tube of toe Tiiif.f.—On Saturday, night or Sunday morning the crushing mill" of Messrs.-Henwood, near the Shamrock at Epsom, was entered, and tho amal gam. about one hundred weight, and copper riffle plates were stol-in therefrom.^ Near the .place was found a knife of ;'a ' peculiar, construction. Mr. Henw^o 1 being at the Sh'amrock'.yesterday"morn ing talking over 'the robbery with IMr. Ryan, the landlord, ;he, (Ryan), casually mentioned that a mnn. slept .there on .the.previous; night who ap peared as if he hadxome.out of a .sludge-drain or something of that kind, and according to- the adage about " talking of a certain old gentleman and his surely appearing," in-walked the mbject of the conversation. " Did you lose a knife?'' adroitly, asked Larry. "I did," said the mail. "Is this anything like it?" says Larry again, having secretly got it from Mr. Henwood. '* It is," said the man. He was immediately given over to the police and lodged in thfi lock-up It seems lie had gone to the store of a person named Heu'-cr, to whom he was indebted, and told him he was just come from some new digging*, and would now be able to pay him what he owed him. j We do not know whether the amalgam has been found yet. Lyceum Theatre.—For many nights there has been nothing noticeable in the performances at the Lyceum. With a small company at their command the management have contented them selves with the production of an inferior class of drama and farce, which—though acceptable to a section of our playgoers—can hardly be said to be of a character likely to improve or elevate the minds of those who have witnessed it. This evening we are glad to see announced Sheridnn Knowles's great five-act play of " The Wife," for the benefit of Miss Kate O'Reilly. This lady has many claims on the Sandhurst public—not the least of which is that of old acquaintance. As an exponent of the more melodramatic line of character she stands unrivalled in the colony, and in the other business in which she has appeared here has given evidence of ability of no mean order; indeed, we can well believe that with an efficient company at her back, Miss O'Reilly would have been as successful as she was at the old Royal. After to-night, we believe, the theatre closes till the 4th October, when Miss Julia Mathews, Miss Rose Edouin, Mr. Milne, Mr. H. Jackson, and a strong Stack Company, will com mence a new seas'in with that admirable burlesque of " The Nymph of the Lurleyberg," and the drama of "The Creole." A fortnight later Mr. Jefferson is to pay us a visit, and no doubt most of our townsfolk will look on his arrival to enjoy a dramatic treat not often brought within their reach. 