-CANONIZATION OF THE JAPANESE MARTYRS. »r [Not having received the Weekly Register ?'?' of 2lst June, containing Mr. Wilberforces's third lester with the account of the solemn function of the Canonization of the Japanese Martyrs, we this day publish the description of the ceremony J from the Tablet of the same date :— ] The 8th of June, 1862, the anniversary con L .^ecrated by the Church to the celebration of Pen tecost, is henceforth one of the most memorable date's in the Ecclesiastical Fasti of the Nineteenth \- vemury. Our Holy Father Pope Pius IX., surrounded by the Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, \and by Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, and Bishops, who had flocked. from the East and .''??' from the West, surrounded by his Court, in pre .'. sence of an innumerable multitude of the Faith ful, and close to the tomb of the Prince of the Apostles, between joy of heaven and tbe glad iness of earth, has decreed that the Universal Church should pay the honours of Sanctity to ?the Blessed Peter Baptist and his twenty-two ? companions of the Order of Minors of St. SErancis, to Paul Miki and his two companions ?of. ,the Society of Jesus, all Martyrs, and to ^Michael De Smctis, Confessor, professed Priest -of tbe Reform of the Discalced Trinitarians of :the Redemption of Captives. The dawn of a splendid day had scarcely lit ?the sky greeted by salvos of artillery from the \- Castle of St. Angelo, and by the display of the Standard of the Cburcb, than the people de scended from tbe Seven Hills, making their way through thousands of carriages which obstructed ttheir .passage, and flowed like great waves of a : high tide, into the Yatican Basilica, of which ' ithey filled both the interior and the piazza. The (Basilica was decorated with a magnificence ' worthy. of the august ceremony of which it was to -be the theatre, and had added to the trophies o iSt. Peter itbcse of the heroes whom his successor was about ito crown with all the j-le-nitude of jglofy' promised to those-meotb^rs'tif'the Church ! Militant who have followed' the ways' of the - i Saviour. The facade of the Basilica was adorned with the images of those glorious champions who des Vpised life in order ito offer it as a holocaust to tbe Xord. On a large banner appended to the Grand Loggia they were depicted seated upon clouds, already raised above ithis low world, and trans ported to -heaven, ithece to be inebriated in* the abundance -of tbe house of God, and to drink of the torrent «f celestial delights. ^ The banner served as an introduction to a series of artistically .conceived designs, repre tenting an entire epic of heroic actions, for which the spectator cannot refrain from ren dering thanks to God, who has raised these twenty-seven of bis elect to such an elevation. Neither tribulation, nor anguieb, nor hunger, nor nakedness, nor psriJ, nor persecution, could .separate their souls from the charity of Christ, and their greatness shines conspicuous not in tthe delusive externals^ worldly wisdom, but in 4he manifestation of the spirit of virtue. Above the principal door of the temple are to befle«a attached to tbe cross the twentynthree children of the Saint of Assisi. On their bodies nailed to this tree of pain, no contortion of suffering is visible. They still preach to tbe astonished crowd that Jesr.s, who, in dying on the Cross, converted ignominy into honour. On the right, over tbe next door, are the three dis ciples of Loyola. They, too, were crucified and crowned with the glories of the Faith, amid the humiliations of the world. At their feet are prostrated the venerable Bishop ef Japan, the King of Arima, and tbe Sovereign of Omura, with, their courtiers, all entreating the Martyrs to remember them in the abodes of bliss into which they were about to enter. On the left, above the third door, the Faithful behold Jesus Christj placing with infinite bounty bis divine heart in tbe bosom of his pious servant, Michael de Sanctis. Short Latin inscriptions arranged between the doors of tbe Atrium, ex plain the meaning of tbe solemnity, and the dispositions with which the Faithful should assist at it.' The limits of this article do not permit us to describe the paintings inside the Basilica, which retrace the exploits, tbe miracles, and the glories of the Blessed1 Martyrs, nor the Latin inscrip tion's which relate them, nor .the splendour of the decorations, nor the .wonderful effect of tbe illujnination— Great candelabra stood, on the pavement, bung suspended from tbe roof, and projected from tbe walls, while rows of candles x an [all round the i cornices ; ^. It was a little after 7 a m., wlttiL th£ M$0,M !.? ?';.??;?. ??r'.i- ? '? --'??'? ?? ?.*-??» i--1- ?' ' '','? ' ' the procession, which accompanied the Hwy Father, entered St. Peter's. J Tbis procession, starting from the Sistine Chapel, and descending by tbe royal staircase, lad followed thb gallery which extends along the left side of the Basilica, and issuing by the iron ate.. crossed the Piazza to the gallery on tbe right, fydf thence to the Atrium. The assistants arranged in two files held lighted was tapers, and a snpll book of hymns and psalms printed by express command of his Holiness. The chant commenced, as in this sort of 'supplications,' by the 'a.ve Maris Stella,' intoned by the Holy Father, ifter he bad put on the Pontifical ornaments. We gave in our last tbe programme of tbe procession, and the order therein described vas faithfully adhered to. At the head of the procession, and precede by the pupils of the Apostolic Hospice and ofjthe House of Orphans, advanced under their respec tive banners, the Religious of tbe Mendica t and Monastic Orders, and tbe Canons Rfguhv, fol lowed by the Cross of tbe Secular Clergy, -y tbe pupils of the Roman Seminary, by the Col!-ge of Parish Priests, by the Canons and CU'gj of Collegiate Churches, by the Canons and Cl rgy of the Minor and Patriarchal Basilicas, the e last preceded by flags and bells. Then came M»r. the Vice-Gerenr, surrounded by tbe members »f the Tribunal of H.E, the Cardinal-Vicar. The members of the Tribunal of the Sacred Congregation of Rites, the Consultors, an Pre latic officers preceded the banners of the 1 lessed Martyrs. 1 The first representing the Confessor Michael de Sanptis, was borne behind six D'ucalced Trinitarians in cotta, holding great wax! tapers sloped. Four Fathers of the same Ord r held the silk cords, and members of the Arch- Con- fraternity of the Gonfalon carried the tanner. The Brothers of Sta Maria della Pietajznd of St.' Francis Xavier, carried the secokd, on which were represented the Blessed Pad Miki and his companion martyrs. Four Fatkers.of the Gonipivny of Jesus fehi the cords, &M;,.&i;%, others walked in front with wax tapers. Tie tbird banners that of the Franciscan martyrs, was carried by tbe Brothers of the Stigmata, and preceded by five Franciscans, carrying their tapers. Eusebius de Musquiz, a descend ant of St. Martin of the Ascension, carried a sixth taper. The Priest Rosalio, his brother, held one of the cords of the banner, the three others were held by three Fathers of the Obser vance. Then came the Pontifical Chapel, as described in the programme. The members of the differ ent Colleges wore the rochet and cotta over a violet sout ;ne, and the other dignitaries wore each the costume of his rank. The Papal Cross was borne by the last Auditor of tbe Rota, the Senior Prelate of the Segnatura swung the censer before it, Seven Voters of the Segnatura acted as Acolytes, and held lighted wax tapers ornamented with arabesque designs. Two Masters Ostiarii followed behind the Cross as guard?. The Secular Clergy wore red vestments. The Prelate Auditor of the Rota, who was to act as Apostolic Sub- Deacon, wore the alb and tbe tonacella. The Greek Deacon and Sub-Deacon wore the vestments of their rite. They were fol lowed by tbe Fathers Penetentiaries of tbe Vatican in damask chasubles, by the Abbots nullius, and Abbots in damask copes with linen mitres. The Bishops, Archbishops, Prelates, and Patriarchs wore the cope and iinen mitre. The Fathers of the Sacred College, who came next, wore the sacred robes of their Order. The Car dinal-Deacon wore the Dalmatic, the Cardinal Priests the chronicle, and the Cardinal- Bishops tbe cope, Then came the Conservators and the Senator of Rome, the Prince Assistant at the Throne, the Vice-Camerlengo and his two assistants, tbe Cardinal Deacons Ministrant, tbe two Masters of Ceremonies. The Personages called De Custodia Pontifids were ranged around tbe august Chief of the Church ; Superior Officers of the Pala tine Guard of Honour; Officers of tbe Swiss Guard ; Camieri Segreti di Cappa a Spada, Hal berdmen, Palafrenieri and Sedarii, under the direction of the Grand Foriere, and of .'the Grand Cavallerizzo, and bearing on their shoul ders tbe Sedia Qe^statoria^ on which was seated the Sovereign Pontiff, wearing the Mitre and in tbe Pontifical mantle, bis left band cohered by a silk veil, embroidered wit!. t# ', and bearing a lighted taper, his right hand raised from time to time to bless the people. Tbe people who crowded the immense space swayed to; and fro as they rose to get a sight of the infal lible teacher of the. Faith, borne along under the BaUaochino between the fiabelli% and -knelt again with emotion and respect as his hand was raised to bless. Behind bis Holiness came Chaplains chanting tbe Ave Maris Stella. The Auditor- General of the Robi, the Treasurer- General, the Major* Domo, tbe College of tbe Prothonotaries Apos tolic, and the Generals of the Orders, closed the | procession.;'; ' ? [ His Holiness having ordered that all who took part in the procession should intone tbe Regina Cceli on crossing the threshold of the Basilica, the Chaplains intoned the anthem. The head of the procession waited before the Altar of the Blessed Sacrament, His Holiness descending from the Sedia knelt on the Prie Dieu to make his adoration, and tbe whole procession knelt. Tbe Banners were then deposited in the Chapel Then the Holy Father, resuming bis seat on the Sedia Gestatoria, was borne towards the Presbiterio, preceded by the procession. After a short prayer his Holiness seated him self in tbe Pontifical Chair to receive obeisance, which the Cardinals rendered to him by kissing his band covered by tbe fringe of the mantle ; tbe Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, and Bishops, by kissing the cross of bis stole resting on bis knee. The Abbots nullius, and Abbots, and tbe Penitentiaries of the Basilica, kissed the foot. Every one, after rendering obeisance, descended the steps of the throne, to occupy the seat allotted to him in the Presbiterio. All thfse dignitaries ranged round the Father of the Faithful, formed a majestic assemblage, the like of which has seldom or never been beheld in past ages. Then all tbe dignitaries who were to assist tbe Chief of the Church duririglthe Pontifical Mass, took their place around him. At his side were their Eminences Cardinals TJgolini and Marini, Deacons Assistant. On the right, and in their place of precedence, Prince Orsini, Assistant at the Throne, and the Marquis Antici MaWei, Senator of Rome ; the Roman municipality and the .Consistorial- ^ca^ates; ? ;^Oh tbl^DlefJD W£f Ferrari, Prefect of the Ceremonies; tfi^'Detmof the Rota, and the two Camerieri Segreti assistant. Orr the steps of the throne were the Archbishops whom his Holiness had designated as bis assis tants, viz , the Armenian Prelate of Constanti nople, tbe Archbishop of Gnesen and Posen, the Archbishop of Alby, the Archbishop of Dublin, the Archbishop of Halifax, the Archbishop of Cincinnati, tbe Archbishop of Salzbnurg, the Archbishop of Caracas, the Archbishop of Olmutz, the Archbishop of Durazzo, the Arch bishop of Tyre (Greek Rite), the Archbishop of Sorrento, the Archbishop of Munich, the Arch bishop of Goritz, the Archbishop of Tarragona, the Archbishop of Beyrouth (Maronite Rite), the Archbishop of Damascus (Greek Rite), and the Archbishop of Zara. The Patriarchs of Venice and of the West Indies were at the side of his Holiness, one to bold the Book and the other the candle. Then, while all held their tapers alight, his Eminence Cardinal Clarelli, Proeureur of tbe Canonisation, accompanied by an Apostolic Ceremoniarius, a Consistorial Advocate, advanced to the foot of the throne, and the Advocate, kneeling, addressed bis Holiness : — ' Most Blessed Father, the Most Reverend Lord Cardinal Clarelli, here present, earnertly beseeches through your Holiness that Bl.ssed Peter, Baptist, Paul, and bis companions Mar tyrs, and Michael de Sanctis, confessor, may be inscribed in the catalogue of the Saints of our Lord Jesus Christ, and may also be pronounced Saints by all faithful Christians.' Mgr. Pacifici, Secretary of Briefs ad Priii* cipes, who was by tbe throne, answered in Ltin, in the Holy Father's name, that bis Hi lines?, though fully ed:fied as to the virtues of these blessed men, and as to tbe miracles by which the Lord had made the glory which they now enjoy shine forth, nevertheless, exhorted all present to implore light from on high for the Chief of the Church, by the intercession of the Ble.sed Virg'n Mary, of the Holy Apostl s, Peter and Paul, and of all the Court of Heaven. At these words, the Postulates returned to their seats. Two Chaplain's cantor inlomd tbe Litanies of tbe Saints, which were sur^ down to the Last Kyrie Elebon, both by the august as sembly and by the innumerable voices of tie people, making the vaulted roof resound ' ' i When the litanies were ended, tot Postul .'o 8 returned before the throne, and the Advo:. te re peated the formula, adding to the w'rd instdn$r the word instantlus To which the Prel.tf Secretary replied, in the name of His H.^ines-. that he wished to implore by furt pr. pniycr tip assistance of the Holy S, irit, the source of Wi.v ness and light. ' ' ;:, After the departure of the Postulators, *1a&£? 1 Sovereign Pontiff knelt at the Prie .'Di&u;^mS ] remained in drayer from the moment wbenftfe^ | first of the Cardinal Deacons said Orate, till'th^ 1 moment when the second said aloud the woffdS Levate. His Holiness having risen, all t&s-; august assembly which bad knelt with him, mer likewise. Then the Holy Father intoned %£.» ?* Veni Creator Spiritus,' which' was sung ^% the Chaplains Cantors, and the people in alterftafe strophes. When the Holy Father had*recited fh^jnrajfesk. and had resumed his seat, tbe- PostulatorV pre- sented themselves for the third time; and- tSg? Advocate repeated tbe same formula, adding r&r--; two previous words the word instaniissime? to which tbe Prelate- Secretary replied that His -'' Holines, being intimately persuaded that- -Sii^ Canonisation entreated of him was a things agreeable to God, felt disposed to pronounce thm definite sentence. At tbese words the assembly rose, and &«?- Holy Father, mitre on head, seated in bis*- cB&fe-; ' in his quality as Doctor and Chief of ih&. Universal Church spoke in these terms :— ' To tbV- honor of the Holy and U-ndivicJea Trinity, to the exaltation of the Catholic Faitti^ and the increase of the Christian religion-, fegr the authorities of our Lord Jesus Christ, of tte Blessed Apostles of Peter and Paul, and of Qux own ; having, given deliberation, and frequenter implored the Divine assistance, and the advicfe ? of our venerable brethren of tbe Holy Romaic Church, the Cardinals, Patriarchs and Arch bishops visiting this city, decree and define thafr.. Blessed Peter Baptist, Martin of the Ascer^ja^p . Francis Blanco, Priests ; Paul Miki, JjrffitrS-5§2£. Philip of Jesus, Clerks ; Ijidacttm1 James Kisa% catecbist; Francis of St. Michael Gundisalvcg; Gazzii, Paul Suzubui, Gabriel of Diusco, JohEi Quinzuya, Thomas Cosagni, Joachin Saquijos^ . Bonaventure, Leon Carazuma, Mathias, Anthony* Lewis Ibarchi, Yaniqui, Ibarchi, Micha&E; Copqui, Peter Sequezein, Cosmas Raqufsa^ .TjvSicis |£;helante, laymen, all raartyrsi- aa# v3,;K&Dael; j^;'7 Sanctis confessor, are to- be m scribed in the catalogue of the Saints; appornifiig:. . ' that their memory be celebrated' in ..the Universal Church in each year, to wit Peter Baptist,. aa€:X his companions in the fifth day of Febrnargr among tbe holy Martyrs who have suffered foer. Christ, and Michael on the fifth day of JuFj^y among the Holy Confessors, not Bishops, wb\\-a- should be commemorated with pious devotion, im the name of the Father, and of the Son, and o^ the Holy Ghost. Amen.*' At the word Amen tbe Postulators advanceC once more to the Pontifical throne, and the Cok- - sistorial Advocate thanked His Holiness in tb$. name of the Cardinal Proeureur, adding that hs-i besought him to deign to order the expedition ejfi the Apostolic Letters concerning the canonisation. Tbe Holy Father replied Decernimua, and blessed him The Cardinal Proeureur kissed the han-83 and knee of His Holiness, while the Advocate .addressing the Prothonotaries Apostolic begged them to .put all on record, to which the first eC those Prelates, turning to the Camerieri SegretiZ appointed to bear witness, said Conficiemus vpffigr tf-stibus. Tbis great act being accomplished, His Holi ness rose, laid aside the mitre, and intoned t&gs; Te Down' Forty thousand voices- took, up in®? strain, to give free vent to- the emotions whidi made all hearts beat, and- to return thanks idi- God, who gloiified Himself in His Saints. The bells of the Basilica communicated toe? joy of those present to the Faithful outside. Tfee? cannon of tbe Castle of St. Angelo annaunce^ the great event to the Eternal: Gity, and the beilss of all the churches invited all tbe Faithful to re*»~ cite the prayer prescribed for gaining the Indul gences, All hearts were penetrated with a holgr joy— with thej'iy i-f the Lirdr. After the Te Deum, the first of the Cardinal^ : Assistants recited aloud the vers-icle, Orate pzes nobis Sancti Petre Baptiste, Paul*^ -vestriajsc.* socii, et Michael, Allelulia. ! The people having replied, the UXoly-FatlttS^--' recited the prayer pr.iper to the Saints* ' L'»rd J-;sus Christ who hast dedieated-'to'-t&8£- ? imitation of thyself l-y the punishmeat'of thei ' cross as the first ftuits of faith among the- peep!^ ' of Jipan in tbe blood of t)-y Holy Martyts Peter ' B iptist Paul and their companions ; and fom' ':' which thou bust made the fire of thy love W ?» grow-hot in tbe heart of Holy Michael the Cob— - fessor', gr.mt'w'e beseech thee that we may- foes e j: uraged by their example wbose annual com* .mjamiir'ation we this day celebrate, wbo livest and? rt?ixneBt for ever and ever.' The peop'e un:we;e ' Amen, and thia ended ta6f^ Canoni'atioii. ?The Holy Ftther then r.-cn.Ung the tbroneo^ . Tierce, took the Pontifical ornaments for tbe Mass which he was about to celebrate. Besides ' the Cardinals already mentioned as sssisting^at Jfcp ♦J-rnne, H. E. Cardinal Mattei assisted His H-lsu^s as Cardinal Bisbop, H. E. Cardinal Anto-,elli as Deaoon ministrant,and Mgr. Nardi, Auditor of tbe Rota, as Sub-Deacon Apostolic. The collect of the new Saints was joined to tbe collect of the day under tbe same final formula, and after the Gospel had been sung in Greek and in Latin, His Holiness delivered a touching sfcomily in honour of the twenty seven Confessors of tbe Faith. Tben the Cardinal Deacon Minis trant recited Ibe ConftteorPetro Baptis'ce,Paulo eorum sociis, et Mchaeli. The Sub-Deacon Apostolic advancing then towards the throne, ?^holding bis hand tbe Papal Cross, promulgated a ^Plenary Indulgence for all tbe Faithful present » at the ceremony, and a partial Indulgence for all who shall visit the. tombs of tbe Saints on the -'--days consecrated to their feasts. ... Tbe presentation of oblations of wax candles, -????'? of bread, of wine, of water, of two. turtle doves, ''?' of two pigeons, and of some small birds took ? place at the Offertory. ??''' '*?? The oblations were arranged on three. tables to -' the left of the Altar. Each table, corresponding to one of the three postulations, supported five v candles bearing tbe arms of the Sovereign \- .. P-ontiff and of» the Religious Order to which the 'Saint b longed. Two of these candles weighed Sixty pounds each, and three weighed twelve ..pounds each. By them were two loaves, one -gilt, one silvered, with tie arms of His Holiness ? on them, and placed on silver dishes. Two small \--' barrells, one guilt, one silvered, held the wine and t water; and three cages held the turtle doves, the ,-? 'pigeons, and the small birds. .'.?-?:? .The honour of presentingstbe oblations to the . Holy Father is reserved to the Cardinals of tbe ? Congregation of Rites, witbrtbe.-assistance of their Gentleman to the Religious of the Order of the ; Saints, or. to any other person who may have a ? claim to this favour. ; -v; At the. moment of the Offertory, their Eoii nencies Cardinal Patrizi, of the order of Bishops, r Giiusset, of tbe order of Priests', rGTgolini, of the Order of. Deacons, and Clarelli, Proeureur of the '-. Canonisation, repaired to the tables, followed by . the appointed personages, and then presented , themselves before the throne, conducted by a \- Ceremoniarius, and proceeded .by' tbe Apostolic .' Halberdmen. ]. . Tljen the Cardinal Postulator, who walked in '„ 'front with the Cardinal Bishop*, ascended the . 'steps- of the the throne, and stood by tbe. Holy 'Father's- side. Tbe Cardinal' Bishop, advancing to the throne, took from the hands of bis gentle Mnen tbe two great wax candles, which he pre ' serited to His Holiness. His Holiness :blessed ' them, and handed them to. the Master of Cere monies. Alter tbe departure of tbe Cardinal, the -bearer of the smaller candles presented 'himself, and handed them to the Cardinal Postu lator, who banded them to the Sovereign Pontiff. ' And so with the doves. .. . , ' : v . H. E the Cardinal Priest, the^offoredttEe. ' two loaves, borne by his gentlemen, and the Car dinal Proeureur the second uf the smaller can dles and the cage of turtle doves. ; The ..Cardinal De.icon offered them the two barrels of wine and water, which his gentlemen bore, and H. E the Cardinal I'rocureur tbe third of the candles and tbe cage of small birds. ' All these personages have returned to their places, except tbe Cardinal Procur&ur;, who re ? maitfed on the platform of the thnne, the two Other oblations took pl.ice, one for the Jesuit Saints in which Cardinal Altieri, Cardinal Scit oweki, and Cardinal Bofont took part.; the other for St. Michael de Sanctis, in which Cardinal von Reisacb, Cardinal Viilecourt, Robert! took part, Then the Holy Father wished his hands in water poured ont for him by the Senator of Rome, and wiped them with the n».pkin presented by the Cardinal Bishop Assistant. Alter which he Continued tbe celebration of the Mass. \- When the Holy Sacrifice was ended, and when Presbyterio had open offered, according to usage, by H. E . tbe Dean of the Sacred College, his Holiness laid aside bis sacred ornaments in the Chapel cUlU Pieta, and retired to his apart ments, '? ? ; The concourse of the Faithful of all ranks, and ofr;all nations, who crowded the Basilica to share in. the emotions of this solemn Feast, was extraordinary, and beyond hI! expectations In the separate Tribunes were to be seen their Ma jesties the King ami Queen of the Two Sicilies. Her Majesty the Queen Widow of Naples, their Children, 'their R.R.H H. the Cuunt and Countess of Tranij'tbe Cuunt and Countess of Trapani, and her R H. D na label!* Maria .infanta of Por tugal. The Diplomatic Corps, and the Roman and foreign notabilities were also in the Tri Junes. The ceremony ended at one o'clock p.m., .trul the rest of the day was spent in joy and recollection. In tbe evening the churches uf tbe Franciscans, of the Jesuits, and of the Trinitarians were brilliantly illuminated, as well as other places', particularly the Bridge of St. Angelo. tbe }-iles of which were covered with torches ami lamps, reflected in the waters of the Tiber. The correspondent of the Times gave an ac count of tbe ceremony, and the following are his words in 'describing tbe effect produced by th Singing' of the Te Deum 'So. touching are tbe tones, and so softly yet 80 mightily ,, they, swelled and swelled as bey were borne -from., nave to aisle and transept, tbn-. the effect was overwhelming, and I found n.yse i clinging hard to my seat and almost suff cater with emotion I left reason as tbe d-n»r,. for how ciuld reason assert her dominion in such scenes as these? Archbishop Whately would have burnt his Logic had he beejri^Biipe; £nd like myself. have submitted himself 'To that tide of feelinj; which bore me on irresistibly; The Pope him self, with his fine full voice, intones the Te Deum in- which the vast multitude joins. It was- out of tbe finest things of this wonderful ecclesiastical demonstration. It seemed to gurgle over with gratitude and joy did this grand old Ambrosian hymn, so full were tbe feelings which inspired it; and then tbe members by whom it was chanted, men who bad come thousands of miles over sea and land to kneel at tbe tomb of St. Peter and to assist at this grand ceremony, gave it an impressiveness which it perhaps had never had before, and never will have again. Sung at intervals by the clergy ,and the people, the notes did not float, but rose in an irresistible body as if to force an entrance into tbe very presence of the Divine Being; it was the sublimity of prayer and praise; and Protestant, sturdy Protestant though lam, it assured me that in the bosom of every human being, by whatever name he may call himself, there are chords which vibrate 'to the same touch, and that if opinion divide, feeling and sentiment unite the various hosts of God's worshippers.' ' ..' r . 