LONGFORD. Tuesday, Nov. 18th. XFHm one om Correqmndent.'i Tlie Kingwood election is the great theme of conversation out here, and many are tbe surmises as to the result. Tlie grout Woolocrala arc confident or the success of Mr. Hartley's nominee, Mr. Clerke, whilst the small farmers, shopkcejicrs and tradesmen are working hard for their man, Mr. Houghton, nud freely liet two to one in bis favor. There ib no doubt but that this election -will decide one grant qucstinn. And that is whether wcof Longford and Cre6sy are to lie ruled hy tlic dominating power of Theodore Bartley, Esquire, monarch nf all he surveys—both great and nnall—or whether the ten (lound voter is to he allowed the liberty of opinion, nnd freedom of expression guaranteed to him by the great constitution under which wc live. No better evidence of the desire to crush and crumble npall tbe smaller electors can be given, than the address ol the great Frederick Maitland Inues, onco so tvell known out here ill conjunction with tbe late Charles Held, and John Pooler. To read his high conservative address, one Would think tlmt he was ttonieUiing moretlmn the subsidised scribbler for tlic late Charley Itcid and the late John Pooler <Jtt Iwf h sides tiic question of their diKputra, as Well as tlie Trustee whose cninpsjiionsbip " Pooler's Ghost" when flitting over Nickoll's 6iore liy mid-jight, so often in sepulcbralwaiU,bctn«austhc lossof. Inues, in his address, published in this mornings Km miner, speaks with becoming contempt of the " ten ]iouiid electors,—and as being the personification of " democratic extra •vagance/' speaks of ignoniiuious trucklers "to tbe passiong'of the least instructed class of voters "—he calls the ten pound bonsebulders a "migratory class," and says, in oilier words, that he will never be happy until they are destroyed. I hope you will take this impudent boaster to task, and tthnw who fie is that he speaks so contemptuously nf his poorer (i), but more honest tliau himself, fellow colonists. THE CEO PS. Tlie continued drought is making terrible likvock with our crojH, If wo do not have rain anon, the result will be most disastrous*. Many of our farmers have lawn compelled to turn their cattle into fields which some short time ainoe, promised abundant harvests of both wheat and oata. Andthedried.bumt-up appearance of the country in every direction is truly alarm- (Fnm Vit Examiner.) PAISrut. OooceflENiiE.—A private 1<&- ter waa received froni Pingal y^tr-tday tn'^ning conveying the painful inteU'geQce thal Mr. PcterTsaac be Itomfurdhad been fuiiy committed for trial on tlie charge oT abnoling his bnitbcr Mr. John lie Uomfoid. It is reported that Mr. Peter Ue Bouiford, *-bo at tbe time of the diistreaaing occarrence was ou a visit to liia brother's estate, known as Kingston, Avoca, wishe(l hia bmtlier to allow him to shear Jiis sheep at that pUce. This was refused, aud an angry altercation took place, dnring which Mr. Peter Do Komford drew a pistol from hia pocket, at tlie aune time giving utterance to some threatening language. Hia brother treated the matter as a trifling ebullition of temper aud nothing further titMpimj at thaf time. Tbe (wo bmthes tlieu sat down to dinner vritb Mr. Richardson, jun, and die whole affair soon aetanod to have been almost entirely forgotten. At the conduaioo of the meal Mr. Biehardfsou went out, leaving the two brothers alone. After some tiuie be was danntd by tbe repwt of BreannB, and on rushing into the iiuuse he found that Peter had find a pistol at liis brother, wounding him slightly iu the chest It was sub- BequeuUy ascertained that the barrel bad been loaded with Mu balls. These seem to have struck Mr. John Bomfoid on bis waiatbelt, aud to have glanced across the low«r part of hia bnag^ gtascg&e; ckin. IJoBBEnv.—Mr. Alexander Hose's house at Corra Linn waa burglariously entered ou Sunday evening, aud a quantity of betiding and .wearing ap|iarel BUilen therefrom. Entran.tc was effected through the lied-roora window, aud fruui the way iu which the thief or thieves a;,, piw to have guile to work, it is supposed they must have bad some previous knowledge of the place. An attempt had aim been made to ojicn tlie parlor window, for two of tlie jiaucs were broken. Hie house was unoccupied, though the overacer, aud hia wife slept in nn adjoining building. It will lie seen by our advertising crlnnius that Mr. Hone offers a reward of£S for such information as shall lead to the discovery of the offenders. 