CASTLEMAINE POLICE COURT. ' Friday, May 30. (Before Captain Harrison, P.M., and D. Wallace, Esq., C.M.C.) - The morality of Castlemaine is vastly improv ing, as was evidenced by thefact that again, for the third time lately there was hot a single case oh . the sheet. .. .. summons cases. , Wallace v. Lee— Anactionfor.£12 16s, hoard and work and labour. A verdict for £7 los was given, and plaintiff directed to take out a fresh; summons, ordered to' issue , for the balance as the' defendant was in partnership with others in the work and la bour. Hyde v. Johnston— Mr Merrifield for the plain tiff. This was an action for. an assault alleged to have been committed by. a' woman'- on a man by throwing ..stones at him. - A cross summons, was brought by Mrs Johnston/ also for an assault alleged to have been committed on her at' the same ..time; Both .plaintiff and .defendant absolutely denied having committe'dthe breaches of the peace im puted to them. Proof of both assaults having been committed' was given, the one on the1 woman having, however, been, the inost severe. The Bench awarded Hyde one' shilling,- ahii to Mrs Johnston 403. remarking that to knock down a woman in the manner sworn to, was a most cowardly action. ' . ' ; Mr Paynter on behalf of Stephen Taylor, tendered two sureties, Messrs. Milburn and Coombs, which the Bench agreed to accept, and he was therefore released from custody. The court then adjourned. Saturday, May 31. (Before Capt. Harrison, P. M., Dr Preshaw, and D. Wallace, Esq.,- G.M.C.) Robert Gold was charged with beingdrdnk and disorderly. Prisoner denied the charge. Constable Powell said when lie arrested the prisoner he was making a loud noise and reeling about the pave ment.' Mr Smyth, who appeared for the prisoner, cross-examined the constable, with the view of showing that Gold- was: capable of taking care of himself. ; Dr Preshaw said he had known Gold for years, and believed him to be awell conducted aim. : Gold said his clothes were nearly torn off his lack by the constable, while the latter alleged that ne' had sustained similar damage. Prisoner was fined ,10s for being drunk, 20s for damage to the consta ble's dress, and 7s'0d' coBts. Mary XVestguard pleaded guilty to a like charge, : and was fined in the usual amount. . Matthew. Bancroft,-- also charged witli .being drunk ..anfl-r1ififinlArly,-,rlAniA still under the influence 'bf liquor,' was remanded till i he should.be sober. j Henry Lowry was charged with being of unsound ; mind. Prisoner, who seemed to be laboring under ; some strange religious hallucination, said in reply to the charge, that he was the "Father, Son, and ! Holy Ghost."1 Remanded for medical examination. The court adjourned, after hearing an unimportant -summons case.. - ' 