GHOST STORIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. Sir—I was present on Friday evening in White's Room when the Rev. Mr. Russell lectured upon "Ghost Stories," and I do not materially disagree with your correspondent, "A Churchman," in the opinions he expressed on the subject generally; hut I think that he must have misapprehended the remarks of the Rev. Mr. Marryat, or he would scarcely have charged him with giving the weight of his sanction to the belief in ghost stories. Mr. Marryat, so far as I understood him, was rather inclined to ridicule than approve the serious narra- tion of such tales ; for he supplemented Mr. Russell's budget by the relation of an anecdote in which the freaks of a fish-stealing cat were mis- taken for supernatural movements. I must add that I scarcely understood Mr. Russell himself as declaring a positive belief in ghost stories he seemed rather, like Sir Roger de Coverley, to think that "a great deal might be said on both sides." I am, Sir. &c;, CANDIDUS. (Oar reporter informs us that the view taken by "Candidus" of the remarks of both the rev. gen- tlemen appears to him to be correct.—ED.) TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. Sir—My attention has been drawn to a letter in your paper of to-day, in which a lecture of mine on "Ghost Stories" is not criticised but denounced in strongly contemptuous language by some person calling himself "A Churchman." He represents me as "endeavouring to revive exploded beliefs" in "senseless superstitions," and "relating some of the silliest ghost stories that could have been collected," and wonders that those present should have had the patience to listen to such trumpery." A person who writes in this style would have acted a manlier part ha he sinned his own name to his letter, if for no other purpose to enable the public to determine how far he is competent to pronounce so summarily, not only on the question raised, but on the character of my—certainly most unpreten- tious—performance. I may ask your leave, I think, in my own vindi- cation, to explain what position I took with re- ference to the question of "Apparitions," I used this language:— "I do not say that I am myself a believer or an unbeliever, but I think it is the part of ordinary reasonableness of mind to test all alleged facts by the evidence adduced. And, for my own part, I should not shrink from believing anything, however strange, and however contrary to all my preconceived notions, if only I were satisfied that the evidence in its favour is sufficient, and that the thing asserted is not in its own nature self-contradictory. If persons tell us what they have seen, with all the necessary particulars of time and place, and if several of them agree that they saw the same thing at the time and place alleged, all I should require to satisfy me would be some assurance of their being competent observers, and of their being trustworthy as re- spects strict truthfulness." And, again, towards the close of my lecture:—"L do not say that there are such things ; but I say it would not terrify me, it would not disconcert me, but, on the whole, I think it would be not unpleasant to me to discover that there are. And, meanwhile, there does exist a mass of strange and mysterious incident which will go far to prove that spirits or their apparitions do appear to men on earth, unless by the discovery of new principles affecting the relation of body and mind it may be found that these circumstances can be accounted for by natural causes." Because some persons have been superstitious, I should like to know on what principle I am to be hindered from pursuing an interesting course of enquiry into matters of fact, or from endeavouring to understand the relation in which these facts stand —if they be proved to be facts—to our natural and spiritual life. With respect to the alleged "silliness" of the stories, it is not enough that "A Churchman" calls them silly. Much as it does for a man, Churchmanship does not always bestow common sense, still less the faculty of critical discrimina- tion. With two exceptions, the stories I told are well authenticated, and vouched for by such men as John Wesley, Dr. Adam Clarke, Robert Southey, the Rev. B. F. Westcott, and other dis- tinguished members of the University of Cam- bridge, Dr. Ashburner, of London (the well-known physician), William Howitt, Mr. Noel Paton (the great artist), Dr. Bushnell, of America, and others whose testimony cannot be contemptuously dis- missed as unworthy of notice. On the question of "silliness" and "trumpery" I might therefore ask your readers to give me the benefit of any doubt they may have in my favour. But in truth I need not shelter myself under the authority of great names, so long as your correspondent contents himself with vague denunciations, in language dis- tinguished chiefly by its offensive violence. My way of getting rid of superstition would be the fixing deep in the minds of all, young and old, the persuasion that all things that exist are rooted in love aud controlled by a wisdom as compos- sionate as it is unresting; and that the Infinite Father of our spirits, being Lord of His own universe, will suiter no evil thing to happen to those on whom He has set His love. Your cor- respondent's way would be different, resembling (to borrow Foster's image) "the expedient of a boy who, in passing through some gloomy place in the night, whistles to lessen his fear, or to persuade his companions that he is not afraid." He is angry with me, with all the anger of one whose cowardice is out- raged, because I have asked him to stop whistling, and, laying iny finger on his shoulder, have invited him to look for himself and see whether that shape which is approaching has any substance of reality. He does not want to look ; he is terrified at the very thought, and he is angry with those who do not share his timidity. I am, Sir, &c.;, ALEX. R. RUSSELL. 