BLAÛK'BARTBOZOMEW:' ., ,- ., . 'FTr 2777 - T,-.". , TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS, Sir -Having perused with considerable in-j i crest the pro and con, correspondence which h sr appeared of late in the columns of your powerful, and widely-circulating journal preference to the wisdom and necessity of commemorating they (honorable ejectment of the 2,000 ministers of the gospel from within the pale of the Established Church of England on account of their Konconforming principles and their rigid adhe-' once to their religious convictions and supremacy of conscience, I venture to think, Sir, that this is Nonconformists, even in Victoria, are at liberty and are perfectly justified in availing themgel ve J of any specific epoch or data of time which they (seem befitting for tho purpose of doing homage to " great and imperishable principles." Principles which have been so zealously and nobly is maintained, amid the threatening storms of con lovers and strenuous opposition-principles which have survived the revolutions of ages, the COSTUME of thrones, and the destruction of it spots-principles handed down from generation to generation at an immense cost of arduous toil, precious blood, great suffering, and untarnished reputations handed down by our worthy predecessors to the present startling times as a sacred deposit, not for concealment, but for public recognition ; not for ornament, but for practical PurposeS the precious trust is given for increased circulation, and continuous diffusion through cut the length and breadth of the habitable S If we are justified and commended in commemorating in multifarious ways the heroic deeds ; md splendid victories of departed greatness periodically celebrating the chivalrous prowess, sterling worth, rare philanthropy, of a Washington, a Howard, or a Wellington, who have BJ conspicuously ameliorated the sorrows of suffering humanity, and fought so valiantly the battle] of their country-why then, I ask, Sir, condemn , the Nonconformists of Victoria for celebrating at the present impressive epoch the self-denying; ' aedB ands illustrious virtues of long-departed forces on the battle-field of religious principles -men who so nobly braved the pelting torrent of malignant soon, abuse, treachery, injustice, torture, and death Î v Principles of truth are the same in all 'ages; and in all countries, and those individuals who hold them with a firm and deathless grasp are perfectly justified in vindicating their claims, and in endeavouring by the aid of all legitimate means to diffuse them abroad and transmit them down to their children and to all posterity. Why, Sir, all this demonstration of hostility und clamour-this terrible denunciation and those scurrilous epithets branding honourable, peaceful, and loyal subjects of the British Crown I as "firebrands"-disturbers of that peace and union which exist among the different sections and distinctive denominations of Christiana Victoria? I am, Sir, ashamed of and grieved at this exhibition of hypocritical cant this pretentious semblance of Christian union. Real union is as yet a grand desideratum. True, there may to co-operation in the benign enterprises of Christianity; but we are not to suppose for a moment that therE fraternal co-operation in works of benevolence destroys our distinctive prin- ciples consigns them to oblivion, or to an in a serious repose. We may give to a brother the right hand of cordial fellowship; but this act does not involve a surrender of our principles. ' There may be union without uniformity. Why not, then, permit this " small Protestant sect," without branding them with opprobrious epithets, and disputing the purity and sincerity of their motives? Why not, thou celebrated "Nemo," allow this insignificant sect to pursue their obscure course, and celebrate to their hearts' content the signal triumphs of their principles two hundred years ago ? Sir, it may be true that they are comparatively but a " small spot" in this distant land, but I can assure "Nomo" that they are a highly honourable sect-a very independent and invincible sect. They might, doubtless, have augmented their numbers if they had only dipped their hands into the coffers of the public revenue and extracted some £28,000 annually, in open defiance of the express and repeated vote of the Legislative Assembly, who are or ought to be regarded as the representatives of the specific will of the overwhelming majority of the people of this country. This small sect will not pollute their hands nor their consciences by participating in this iniquity, this unjust and outrageous appropriation of the people's funds, for purposes far higher and beyond the design and province of civil governments. This small Protestant sect have for generations past established their reputation in the judgement of the civilized world. They ever have been among the foremost to manifest their allegiance and loyalty to the British Throne, among the most zealous in protecting" the ark of civil and religious liberty, and in accelerating the progress and triumphs of social and Christian civiliza- tion. This small sect has been honoured and adorned with some of the most celebrated scholars, eminent divines, eloquent preachers, princely benefactor, and self-denying philanthropists found on the pages of English, history. They have subscribed millions of pounds sterling, built throughout the world thousands of noble sanctuaries, many colleges of learning and schools for the rising generations. They have sent forth their Masons, their Williams. and their Moffatt's to the ends of the earth without receiving a single fraction from the public coffers of the state, The reputation, Sir, of this " small Beet" is not suspended to the puerile and derisive veto of your correspondent "Nemo." it is, written as with a pen of iron in the rocks of Christendom in the illustrious annals of modern times. I am heartily glad, Sir, to know that we can claim the honour of your influential vote for the abolition of all state aid to religion, and also for the abolition of those extravagant and monstrous pensions, except in instances of long and valuable services rendered to the state. These steps are in the right direction, and are indicative of a more peaceful and prosperous future, , ' , In my humble opinion, Sir, it is very immaterial to our present purpose to rake up, the conflicting records of the past as to the two-fold memorable ejectments : they both transpired, and, if they which, let both parties celebrate their respective epochs, without let or hindrance. Vi'c can, doubtless, endure the truth, and tell the truth, without having our Christian equilibrium disturbed, or our malignant passions inflamed. Sir, you have generously admitted the sincerity of this small Protestant Boot in. their desire to celebrate the bicentenary of those great and immortal men who endured so much suffering and obloquy on account of their religious sentiments: and so do I," writes the mag- unanimous Nemo," in the overwhelming pleni- tude of his Christian charity; but the venom. Sir, is in the tail, ," Both of us are ready to admit and credit the sincerity of Lord George Gordon, and Guy Fawkes, and other firebrands What a logical deduction I -What' a paragon of that charity " which thinketh no evil," thus classing worthy citizens, honourable Christian men, of sterling worth and moral Ox evidence, with depraved scoundrels, who' may, at any moment, in their daring wiokednesB, set fire to the Houses of Parliament, or wrap this bear- ' fifth city in flames. Such men, as "Norm" ought to have lived in the "" dark ages" and! not mingle with intelligent, loyal,' and honourable society. , , L 'I Sir, I only ask for fair-play civil and. religious equality. Let every Protestant sect, whs that it be large or small, build their churches, multiply their ministers; but let them pay" for them out of their own pockets, and not put their hands into the pockets of the state, and look; down with a contemptuous sneer and say those disturbers of the peace " are only a small Protestant sect;" then, Sir, I fear not thenuinerio*l scene. Trusting to your creditable impartiality thus afforded in recording both sides of the question, I have the honour, to be, Sir, '"I Your most obedient servant, QOMER. Melbourne. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. I MIMI shall esteem it a great favour if you will allow me to say a few words in reply to Izatt" 28 i Presenter," who, in _o'icing,|my «ÎÏL^ aPPMr£<» « your columns scythe Jlh wish attempts to coDf are the charges then as, a"My enough he confines this ea r, for when, he BVS * belief 'ho follow iioilr-,,u ? room outhouses the views of the moderate clergy of our church." he proves that aright .! -of men are Pte- Fred more than. TAKE ALL £ ""clergy of the Church) of Jewish?; sT° o'er his letter his son L 'AS? the equivocation, prayer the fi 8#fflm8 brought out. Only take the 14th, flOw' wherein he- states, 'f Or so many WE your Tess' that it' may be true, , i -"informs the mourners." This he raced story for what he believe, me she "¿8JUBt been declared in the presence of -StedSar with the body has been committed to the ground in sure and certain hope of Verran to stone Ufa. Now, This 8 SnytmnFa it. means that such person will away with that impression.- I i/ríl?ILV.e.neverh.eard of Boy clergyman at the 30 tcri;eadil>g 'be burial service exrJaii T» -high" proper meaning of traffic See. the words are in the Prayer Boer -a°infer6y.man _ bound to read them, and of Sm! that. they mean one thing and on, white mi7 M plÄnly B" black means lack and Äm,7Ä! aUd no steamers or twists] ASA 0 modgate ?' otherwise; of TV rthem-moaa anything else.. Would " iA-s Äav»esb^tet" T"^SSfc-taSr 44 2? 2 &5 IT is seven pick out a slight gram Letter fa "tf,1.«««» thus proving that it arirtit^ri18 °°ldev_irea_ the Prayer Book "its But here I will stop, him doing so w son would still wish, to keep before the mind of "An English Presbytery the fact that in 1662 2,000 " clergymen left the Church of England, and will conclude this by asking him the reason why I j I remain Sir, yours most obediently, .' TO THE EDITOR OF THE -ARGUS. Sir-Your remarks respecting the proposed celebration of " Black Bartholomew" are so much to the point that it is almost unnecessary to refer to the matter again ; but feeling strongly the in- consistency of the originators of the movement, I trust you will afford me space for the few simple remarks I have to make. The letters of " Doncon." and " Observer" appear to have been written with two objects first, the exaltation of I bat branch of the Church styled "Indepen- dents ;" and, secondly, as attacks on the Church of England. They have signally) failed in both, said all right-minded Christians must be, in the words of your correspondent "Independent," anxious to deprecate the narrow-minded and mis- taken zeal of those who have thought this year of Our Lord, 1862, a fitting time to call back the grievances and resuscitate the religious animosities which unhappily prevailed two centuries ago. No one denies that the Puritans suffered persecution, and it is certain that they in their turn persecuted and if all were of the same mind as "SToncon." and "Observer" they would persecute still. The proposal to celebrate " Black Bartholomew" emanates from bigots, of W.hich, alas ! there are to be found many in every denomination. A very few years ago seven children were removed from a school in one week by dissenters because the teacher had ii von The nee of his schoolroom on Sundays for Church of England purposes, and acted himself as a lay leader. This was certainly bigotry, but it is surely confined to the few. Although the Puritans effected good, they were great hypocrites and gloomy enthusiasts ; but' I would ask what good is to be effected by this celebration ? Will it tend to increase the ranks of Independents ? "Will the interests of religion be advanced by it? I trow not. All creeds in this country are happily in an equal footing, and the Church of England can hold a favourable comparison with any. The of prices for special occasions viz. that for November 5, January 30, and May 29 are not used now and in endeavouring thus to allay animosities she sets an example which Independents I could do well to follow. She wants no apologist, however. her usefulness will not be impeded, nor will she Buffer one iota from the attacks of a few fanatics. It is most unseemly that those whose duty it is to preach the gospel of peace should be raking up two-hundred-year-aid grievances. Rather let them devote themselves earnestly to the great work they have to do, of promoting peace on earth, goodwill towards men, inculcating kindness and forbearance to those who conscientiously differ from them, and striv- ing by practice, as well as precept, to unite together in Christian fellowship all calling themselves by the name of Chris', whether a piece relian, Independent, Presbyterian, or Wesleyan. Until they do this they will effect but little good, let me hope that religion requires no such advocates as " Doncon." and " Observer," but that such men as " Independent" will at all times be found to further its cause by forbearance and food sense. I am, Sir, &c.;, Tourello, July 16. CATHOLICS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Your correspondent " Anglicans" has entirely abdicated his former position, and now attacks your view of the Act of Uniformity. It is certainly curious and suggestive that in Victoria, and in 1882, there should be found a bold defender of what Archdeacon Hare called " that most disastrous, most tyrannical, and most schismatical Act of Uniformity," An extraordinary fallacy runs through all the letters which have been published on that side of this controversy, a fallacy which is fatal to their csuBO it is assumed that the national Church of England must be episcopal. Now history teaches that until 1662 it never was entirely so. In (spite of the ejectment and fierce persecu- tions under Elizabeth, James I,, and Charles I, there was not uniformity at anytime, either in ordination, vestments, or services, I will not quote Cardwell and the other authorities on this point, but give the words of the Rev. J. 0. By le :- 2 "The crowning piece of folly which the majority in the Church of England committed under the Stuarts, was procuring the Act of Uniformity to be enacted in the year 1862, This famous act imposed terms and conditions of holding office on all ministers of the Church of England which had never been imposed before, from the time of the Reformation. It was notoriously so framed as to be offensive to the consciences of the Puritans, and to drive them out of ; the church. . ? , . . Many a man who had been regularly ordained by bishops, and spent twenty or thirty years in the service of the church without molestation, was suddenly commanded to accept new conditions of holding preferment, and turned out to starve because he refused. Sixty of the leading parishes in London were at once deprived of their ministers. Taking all things into consideration, a more impolitic and disgraceful deed never disfigured the annals of a Protestant: Church." ' From a pamphlet by the Rev. Isaac Taylor, Wray I extract for the benefit of " Anglicans" and Mr. Gilbertson the following :- a "In the reigns of Edward and Elizabeth the Church of England, by statute, as well as in practice, had recognized Presbyterian ordination. At the close of the sixteenth century scores, if not hundreds, of clergymen were officiating in the Church of England who had been ordained by presbytery in Scotland, or on the Continent. After describing the successive changes and rear views of the Prayer-Book, he says, "The revisions of 1604 and 1662 were carried out under the auspices of the high church party, with the object of over-riding and crushing the Puritans, and rendering their conformity distasteful, or impossible. The modern Nonconformists are the theological and ecclesiastical representatives of those Puritans, who, in the course of the seventeenth century, were, by these aggressive Power , tions of the Prayer-Book, driven out against their will from their national and ancestral , church " The Rev. Phillip Gell, another clergyman of the Episcopal Church, in a pamphlet on " Revi non," sets forth " the difficulties of an honest and conscientious use of the Book of Goujnion Player." He says, "We go mourning under the difficulties of the book we use, but no comforted cur venerated fathers seek for us." After referring to " four leading heresies" in the Church cf England "Confession, with priestly absolutions "The power of episcopal hands receive the Holy Ghost to every ordained priest ;" "jTho Kal presence maintained in a way which eludes ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and "absolute baptismal regeneration"- after speaking of these grievous and alarming corruptions," he says-We, What- ever fault may be chargeable upon men. |. . it cannot well be denied that our eoolosinB'ioal formularies are the real ground from which their origin has been derived. Would any person have originated One of them without believing I confidently that he had liturgical authority to Hand upon ? Does he not point to, and plead, the very words in the Prayer Book which he thinks himself required to teach and act ; and bus he not ostensible reason, in those words, the settled most naturally, and at first sight, for to doing?" This is only a sample out of Reeves of passages, in the publications of beneficed clergy ; who bay i often stronger things than Noncons,, because they groan under the yoke from which we have escaped. ' Your correspondent " M." finished with an extract torn from the connexion, in the current number of the Edinburgh Review. He did not tell your readers that the article is dead against his theory. I hope it will be generally read ; it is very able, and I think was written by a clergyman. I will just give one or two brief extracts. After reciting 13 and 14 Car. II., c 4, he says " Such then is the law of England upon these points, which has now remained for200years unat- ' tired and unmodified ; a law unparalleled in stria jen ney by any of hot church iii Christendom; In vi in have the most enlightened statesmen and prelates endeavoured to procure its repeal or mitigation-Hale', Halifax,. Nottingham, Outing William himself, Stillingfleet, Tillotson, Barnet, Tenison, Wake, In vain has it been deplored by the historians and the philosophers who stand highest in the estimation of their countrymen. The attempt to repeal it was defeated at first by the t tamevindioiive spirit which caused its enactment ; afterwards by political and party considerations is 1688, and by prejudice or timidity ever since. Is it beyond hope that our own generation may witness a measure of justice and moderation so long delayed The statesmen who should effect such ~ a change, the bishops'who'would consent to it it, would earn lasting title to gratitude from the church and the nation.", , I 'Besides exacting subscription to the articles , of religion, and an oath of canonical obedience to ecclesiastical authority, the Church of England has converted its devotional formularities into a coordinate body of doctrinal statement, to; which its' ministers must give a plenary assent'. No- other church on earth that we are aware of does this, or ever has done so not even the church of Berne." ' I Archbishop Tillotson proposed to abolish the intolerant and absurd subscription required by the Act of Uniformity, and that the following form only should be used :-" I, A-B., do submit to the doctrine, discipline, and worship of the Church of England as it shall be [as established by law I and promise to teach and practise accordingly." Why could not something like this be adopted now, and the present objectionable and ensuring system abolished It ' - - ; ( Many of the statements in Mr, Gilbertson". letter are certainly apocryphal: some of them could easily be turned against himself but If it '" were allowed that the curiosities of legislation passed by the Parliament elected during the Tf'rn of Charles Is that these acts were all t Enforced, and carried out during the Commonwealth, which they certainly were not, (see Hallam, -(Macaulay, Ralph, Whi leeks, and all the authorities,) upon modern theories of the Establishment, who is to blame ? That was a legal Parliament- elected by the notion, and they carried out the will of the people in the changes which took place. The Church of England during the Commonwealth was a national church as much as she is now ; nay, much more so, for now half the people are outside her pale. Under Cromwell there was less persecution than has over been known since the Reforma- tion. The liturgy of the church was openly used at Oxford and in London. -Tumbers of avowed Episcopalians were in the ministry, and that little band of eight or ten noble and good men, whose names are all that are ever produced by the other aide Jeremy Taylor, Halos, Chillingworth, Pocooko, Prideaux, Coke, and Dowell thEO men could easily have got living if they would have accepted them on reasonable terms. I am not much troubled about the distribution of the " blame" in the matter of this controversy. But any statement on that subject comes with bad grace from Rev. Mr. Gilbertson, seeing that he, according to general report, opened the ball himself gave the first lecture in the colony on the era of 1002. We never intended to make this matter a mere question of an quoque. Our point is, that the " Act of uniformity, and many other wicked and oppressive enactments, still continue to foster conscience and prevent union. I enclose a cutting from an English paper just to hand, which is interesting in itself, and demands careful study, because of its bearing on this controversy. This petition was presented to the English Parliament in March last, in connexion with Mr. Bouvono's " Clergy Relief Bill," and fully proves most of the statements I have made, I am, Sir, yours respectfully, Melbourne, July 9._NONCON. 