EXPERIENCES OF A SEAL DETECTIVE. A new series of " Experiences" has just been published, written by " Waters," the ori ginal Detective of Household Wards. From this work we extract fte following ; — THE TWO MUSICIANS. I was once hurried off to Bath, during toe season in that city, with directions to engage apartments for mysdf at a second-class lodging- house, but in a fashionable street. My especial mission was to sedulously watcb, and report to head-quarters, the movements of a certain foreigner who had taken up his abode there, and who was supposed to be plotting, with influential countrymen of his own, temporarily domiciled in this country, to disturb' the peace — whether justifiably 1 neither know nor care —Of their native laud. How I sped in that mission, whether I succeeded or foiled, or nei ther quite succeeded nortoogether foiled, I am not, at least just now, about to teU. This brief experience refers solelyto two umiKiranwg who lodged in the same, house, -and a young, '£ni m tote, service of toe ihvafid nrisjeBsflf establishment Alice Black was rather toe! companion than toe servant of fin Clarke, and acted as a sort of second and more active mis tress of the establishment Everybody liked, everybody respected, more than one or two, to my knowledge, loved Alice Black. I should have thought it impossible for a young man of ordinary sensibility to avoid doing so, there was such a sweetness in her charming face, such a .snnniness in her smile, such grace in every motion in her lithe, sylph-like, yet beau tifully rounded figure, and, above all, such a pervading candour, guileless simplicity in all she said and looked. She had, that I could see, bat one fault — a grievous one : she was a poor dependent orphan, utterly alone in the world, and having no expectations -whatever, greater small This interesting young person I before long observed to be an object of peculiar solicitude to Signor Zara and to Hr Benedick. The purely accidental service I was enabled to render the latter, to be briefly narrated in this experience, made him my fast friend for life. Signor Zara was, I believe, a Spaniard ; at all events, he - was a swarthy-foced, handsome man, with " Muriilo," darkly-bright gleaming eyes, and the pride of a dozen grandees. He loved himself and himself only, and that with a fervid constancy which knew no coldness nor retiring ebb. His solicitude concerning Alice Black was not prompted by love for her, and yet it was sincere and ardent. This supreme man was a fine musician, played several wind and stringed instruments admirably, and ob tained a veiy handsome income by teaching. But the art upon which he especially — I may say exclusively — plumed himself, was that of playing the violoncello. I myself have heard him say, Dragonetti had never learned the alphabet of the art. Signor Zara had in early life lived much in Franca One consequence < was, that he hated France and Frenchmen : with a deadliness of hate, which could only be surpassed by the fire Beven times heated, of burning rage which a successful rival on tiel violoncello would excite — did excite — as two 1 i1 1 . ) V-; — — " j ." u »- . - agonising memory of to their graves. Mr Benedick — Felix Benedick — resembled ! the fierce Don only in this, — that he was an . admirable violoncello player, and was gaining a handsome income by teaching. Now, Mr Benedick did love Alice Black ardently, yet hesitatingly, if one may say so. I never saw so sensible a young man, before or since, who more dreaded the laugh of toe shallowest fools. Alice would sometimes, if toe proper servant were out of toe way, answer a bell- mmmnnt and receive a message herself More Hum once I have seen Benedick,- when he chanced to be present when she happened to do so, blush crimson, fiery-red, and avert his eyes from the poor giri, though he would watch through hours to see her pass and re pass when the exigencies of his arduous pro fession did not compel him to concentrate his energies of mind and body on that. Ay, and it was chiefly for her, top, that he so enthusias tically devoted himself to his art, as to be fost converting Zara into his deadly, pitiless foe. The Spaniard saw, as I saw, a troth of which Benedick was in some degree unconscious, at all events only latently conscious, that Alice Black had become a necessity of Ids being, of his healthful life, — that had toe withdrawn irrevocably from him, that life would be a blank. And this was the reason why Zara watched Alice Black with snch untiring solici tude, — first to discover if toe reciprocated Be nedick's passion, and if toe did, to dato toe cup of bliss from Benedick's Bps at any risk, by any crime, — if Benedick surpassed or kept pace with him in the race for the palm of, su perior violoncello playing. Should he lag be hind, yield himself vanquished, eh 1 Signor Zara would fredv bestow on him a. score of Alice Blacks if they were in his gift to bestow. The maniacal jealousy of musicians is often altogether ludicrous in its extravagance. I was watching that curious, and to me, novel game of jmmirgl, antagonistic purposes, with considerable interest and some anxiety, for t greatly liked tod esteemed both Alice pi— a- Kvjbr TtAnWiLr. l 'ghnost hinted. ' IlMlKiknrouiictim virdonceBo Mlos,hewastop1aytohatfa4nzrai jgrand concerts, in emulation, it 'was add, . at Bara's wonderful sold ' playing. At toy rate till after the -wedding was over— that would no the long first, as Felix Benedick, catching suddenly hold of and embracing me one day, as rx we were'botb filthy foreigners, and sob bing out 'that— he— her — had proposed — was accepted — and toe happy day fixed. But, people in love will be people in love to toe end of the chapter. ' I, myself, one day, and quite by acodent, was witkin an acc of incurring the dread wrath of toe redpubtable Don. There was nothing he so peremptorily, fiercely insisted upon as that, no..qne-toould, apon any pretence, enter his; apartments without a special invitation. His nephew,-as;he called Cadb Zavier— a)ave would hsve been more appropriate — was sub ject to #!;» rigorous interdict The bfltoce 'was quite nninftotiainal on my part. Ihad ;but few moments before left toe 'foreign officer to .whom I have aUndei at toe hqpnning«frtoiB;'paper. I toad promised to return in1 a few minutes mth a particulardo- cmnenVtod thinking to dojsq, bedad, Imis- took toe door, and tozuply turning toe htodle, found myself b frra'ji dtoiigaom.; The weather was Ins abEJfor his tootdders were buTtoad tohk npto-a ctoch, overcome' by That was fortunate ; and I withdrew on tip-toe unobserved, unheard. The great concerts came off with great sdat as a whole, and by almost unanimous consent the palm of superiority as a solo violoncello player was awarded to Felix Benedick It was really fearful to mark the swelling tide of rage gathering in volume and violence in Signor Zara's breast. The man seemed to be pos sessed of toe furies. One day — evening, I mean — Felix Benedick and Alice Black were seated folded unpereeived in one another's arms, dallying in toe innocence of love, a pri vilege-given but once in man or woman's fife. They believed themselves, as they had a right to believe, alone, shielded from prying eyes by the brood, high curtain which tout oat the 'corridor from which alone toe room they sat in could'be overlooked. Zara, whom I caught sight o£ and stole softly towards in order to more cloeely observe, was watching them. Positively it almost made one's hair stand on mid to look at him. Hie demon of hate, ven geance, and fifty seemed to convulse, rend him. Suddenly he withdrew, and to the last?moment he was visible, his flaming eyes were fixed upon themure scene .of happiness which X was sure heTfHil tjjjfalB ik hffi to dpstooy. .fie-couH; only mortally atab his successful rival in violon-" cello playing through Alice Black, and he would do it, I felt certain, if it were possible to be done. The next day I received a letter commanding my immediate presence in London. I ex changed sympathetic adieux with Felix Bene dick and Alice Black, toe latter at. whom pro mised to be sure not to forget to send me a piece of bride cake — and in a few minutes after wards I was on toe iron road to town. I had been in London just one week wben a paragraph .appeared in Kernes Bath Journal, giving an account of an incident that had oc curred at toe lodging- house in which I had for seven weeks resided. Signor Zara had missed from off his dressing-table a diamond ring, a diamond pin, a ruby ring, and one set with pearls and emeralds, toe value of which articles exceeded one hundred and twenty pounds. There was a great hubbub of course when the discovery was made, a rigorous search was made, and finally the jewels were found, to toe horror and astonishment of cveiybody pre sent, and to none more than Signor Zara him self, artfully concealed in a valuable tortoise- shell work box belonging to 'Miss Alice Black, a young lady of hitherto unblemished charac ter. Signor Zara would have instantly hushed up the afiair, but the inculpated person would not hear of it, and toe case was heard before toe magistrate. The evidence appeared so conclusive that the beuto were about to frilly commit the accused for trial, when the solicitor who appeared for her requested an adjourn ment for a few days. The reason he assigned was that a gentleman who had been staying a certain number of weeks at the lodging-house, and had left for London but a few days since, had told Mr Felix Benedick that if either he or Miss Black should get into any serious diffi culty with Signor Zara, to lose not a moment in sending for him. An adjournment of four days was agreed to, but bail was peremptorily refused. The following scrawl was on my table from poor Benedick : — . . hope. My God, itvrill kill Alice--and, ivitb her, me. Come, for God's sake, at once. You alone can save us. I feel it. Come at once. Yours, in tbe depths of despair, " F. B." I was in Bath, foce to foce with Signor Zara, four hours after receiving that letter. My in terview with him was a brief one, but to toe purpose. The Court was crowded to suffocation the next day. Poor Alice, already looking toe ghost of her own sweet selfj was brought in, and the case was called. I managed to catch her eye, and my confident look brought back colour to her cheek, the light of a trembling hope to her eyes. As for Felix Benedick he could not, or at least did not, take his eyes off my foce. Tbe instant the case was called, Signor Zara stepped forward, and claimed leave to address the Bench. He, too, was deadly pale. Leave granted. Signor Zara had a solemn reparation to make to a young and amiable lady, Miss Alice Black, " who was as innocent of the robbery as the babe unborn." It is impossible to depict, at least I cannot, the effect which this little exordium produced. Court and crowd seemed alike bewildered, and, with their eyes, asked each other what could be coming next. Signor Zara went on to say " that his nephew, Carlo Zavier, had conceived a violent passion for kfiaa Black j that, maddened by jealousy, he had wickedly resolved to frustrate her approaching marriage with Mr Benedick, by proving her to appear guilty of a disgraceful crime. It was he stole the rings and toe pin, and hid them in the work-box. Tortured by remorse he had confessed his guilt in toe pre sence of three respectable witnesses in Court, and «Mwii his signature to that confession." ' A-deep silence followed : Signor Zara handed toe written confession to toe clerk. . " Where is now your nephew, Carlo Zavier V' asked toe Chairman ; " fled, I suppose 1" Signor Zara shrugged his shoulders affirma tively. . gunst the prisoner-under these circumstances. It is very extraordinary — " _ . " Permit me," said I, " to say that I think the case ought to go on. Mr Chairman and Gentlemen, — I contend that pretended confes sion is a lie wrong by threats from a young man, as innocent of the crime as any of the Magistrates on the Bench. Carlo Zavier did not place the jewels in Miaa Black's work-box. The villain who placed toon there was Signor Zara. jijmnplf, for the base, cowardly, .infamous purpose of striking at a successful oval in his profession through the woman he loved.'" - He excitement caused by these words was extraordinary. "Your proofejrir, your proofs," said toe Chairman. "This is altogether irregular." " Hp will femigli top, proofe himself. Signor Zara, Irak at ", if yoii can,: and remember you are not obliged to criminate yourself j font every wbrd you eay may be, and l trnst will be, used against you at a future day. Now, hwuring thai: in mill, tay, Did you, or did you not; with your hand, place toe Jewels in Miss Blacfe work-box; for the' base, the wicked pur- ; pose of revenging youradf irpon your successful rival, - by striking at his peace through his aflSantod bode ? . Ddlibaatey .iakB tiniB (0£0&- idderyoaraiiswec.' - - T:'v,'b - " I did," raid Signor Zero, " place tfae jewris in the yiMtng lady's box .with -my iOffit rahd, for the purpose of ravengmg myself tip"® through her shame. It- is true:.so. hmp. is® GodP' - ' ' ' ' I ' That said, the miserable man fell down in a fit, and was carried out. The truth was, that when I unintentionally entered Signor Zara's dressing-room, I saw toe letters " T. F." branded on his shoul der. He had been convicted in France, and condemned to the galleys for life. He had contrived to escape to England, and might have been at any moment sent back. There lay toe secret of my power ; and to that mis take about toe doors Felix Benedick owes it that be is now one of the happiest of husbands and fathers ; Alice one of the happiest of wives and mothers. 