OUR CORKER. U01T t WAS: LOOKING FOR A 61TUATION, AU|- FEl^li INTO A GOOD PLAC8. WtsvL.npw yon may be after laughing at what I Bow^'tell you, , tut 'tis real troth and no GcUob, jfnd way tbe eaint« preserve me from tin like ?bap&riiaw; toeoma. I mm ob && Irtmp, do you eeo,; esjardiing fof » «ta»4cai Wapng the (ami they do live well at emne 3TO» tqmren) ?ad 1 wia for getting ? place irbere 1 «ould please the mistress, and tbe master would ho sure to fall in with tbe mistress* way of dunk ing. Well, 'twas near nightfall, and a lonely place, and I did not like tbe thoughts of .betag there alone, when I saw a little bine snake curling up and I made for it, and there was ? cabin — a bumpy as yon call the like here, (not like the cabin at all at all of tbe Eriu go-Bragh). And, indeed, I may eay that some ' bumpies' here are more genteel and elegant, and hare tlie boarded floor ; and, seeing tbat it was darkiab, 1 could not find tbe door, as it veai to tbe rear, but by the blessing of tbe stare f did, and 1 gave a bit or two with my alpeen as load as the policeman. ' Prisiutly,' says some ooej sure 1 knew it was a young woman's voice, only she was trying to talk big, seeing my knock frightened her, and. says she — ' What aro yon after wanting here this night t' ' I'm after losing n-yself on this wild moor, and 'tis lite you see, and lonely, and there's a talking and a staging, und yet 1 can see no one, and it is not where 1 like to be at all at all, and in tlie Dame of oil the Batata let me jn. TU glad 1 am to bear such a eweet voice and each sweet words this nigbt, and 1 '11 ever renumber you in my prayers : and may be I may be after telling you of the grand meeting that was ga thered to day, and what the Miaibers of Parlia ment eaid, and how Father M'Mul.on put them down : and 1 am myself no ways engaged and a single man, 1 '11 be bold to aek yon to let me ia for the night,, and for a bit and sup.' ' Indeed,' snys she, quite in her natural tone so sweet, ' 1 iiavo no accommodation, for my mother and brother will be making home soon ; and I'll give you come sowens, but not « bit of. bread have 1 in the place.' Well, she lets me in, and 1 bad no mind to take the rand again, though you see sowens is no very strong food for the like of me. So 1 thinks to be pleasant with bar, and 1 guys, *- Tig strange now 1 should find myself inside here with eo nice a colleen as yourself ; and b'iieve me. Miss Norali, yon rays ia.yonr name, Diviltv a bit of divilment is in me, and it is by great good lock 1 finds myself, so comfortably lodge* foe the night ;' and then 1 tell.ber aneni tberun. dag and Humping 1 bad saen at the pattern. (It was all fiction, yon. see, but ebe was uneasy at my stopping there, and 1 wanted ta smooth, her.) 'Well,' says 1, 'there was a man joomped. astonishing, and 1 gives a joomp myself, and esys she, '1 can joomp better mar chat,' and eh* springs like a dear, and toe and heel bate m* by four inches. Well,. tbe door was open sift!,, and we were joomping towards it. Well, I joomped agaia,. and in course I surpassed her. Then ebe joompev and Ux she over did me. Now, you see, 1 bad j not put myself to my best, though 1 never was a jootnper, and I was thinking she would. think inanely of me, so 1 swings and wings, body and arms, and 1 goes e'eaa out of the door, and. bad luck to the little ducks there was a batbirg place tbat they used, and I was for clipping a. bit when Miss Norali runs behind me and gives me a whack on tbe back ; I thought the roof had fallen on me,, only I was clean out side in the muddy duck pond. Well, she stems to the door, and bars it safe and fast, and then she was by do ways so polite,, aud I found she lied two sides to her tongue. ' Get out of that, you Omadboun,' says ibe- ' What do you want roaming about tho country and think to get your bit and sup wherever ye can foree your nose in? And, you ill* mannered brute, you would be for stopping the night, t o, witli a lone body. Plaee Gol my brother will be back in time to hiln vou on to tlie road with his Btick.now. There's the haunted mill about a mile ont, go there — there's plenty, of room nnl frw to disturb joz.' ' Well, there's no help for epilt milk ; and so,' eaye I, ' I'm not fora scrimmage to-night : good nigbt, Mis* Norali— «may be I'll think of you when I joomps with a young woman again.'* So, 1 bethonght me 1 bad better be for leaving tlie premises and looking for the mill. After philandering about half an hour, I got on wheel thracks ; and, says I, you are all right new, Hr Larry. Walk on boldly, but bar joomping, and sure I soon beard clacket, Jacket, clackct, focket. Oh, eays 1, there e too much noi*c for sperits and ghosts, as young master eays he has seen, and is mighty shy of meeting after dark. Wishiug to be uncommonly civil to such likp. Mister, Sir, Mister Miller, eays I, etill tbe mill went clackett lacket, aud eo I walks boldly in, talking loudly all the time as tho' some one was watching me ; I went all over the ground floor, for there Was a lamp to show the w«y, and then I. went up stairs, still talking to Mr Miller, and^ saya 1 aloud, 'tis very particular business brings me here, Mr Miller, and if 1 can't sea. you to-night, I had better wait here to convaree with you in the morning. So I laid myself on a large heap of bran in the bin.and sure if the plaee was haunted they were mighty civil. I Cell fast asleep, and early nest morning I felt myself as I thought i waaatsea. Boteure the Caries (is the door (art. Mur tia I Jin. m* ta»l- lilrs *.Ht_- .1_J? — — ~— g ? . — ??— - — ™- hv- B^paw^ia. ??e«v ^a— ay—j^ WV1PW- them) had pat the sleep ea me, for yoa see tt**, bottom of the bin was opened to ill socm bags, witb.bran. A bra* bag, yea Inww, fa tbne- times as big at a flew sack, and into aw of ?*?*» all of a heap 1 went with the baw. I was nearly roused by emob sv aasMim, aad i wat trying to free myself to rmb my «fea, b*t aeaU. in no ways manage it. I felt a aost chokad aa4. atioiJUigoongh. All this tim. r« beta travel ling in a. oar to. the Bqaicca, and tob»Mr*i; was bmad awaks and tit vsjt hualu, wJaia ?%» gooms and stable boys began to. aalaat «to ttt, WeU, they lifted th. bag te wbish tbe gaaA people (the fanes), had not ate, amc I mill 1 1 ?nabnaaiidauwtoibstbtaw AsMlavyamiav I was looking for a aHsatio«,asssllUlia*iA Eoodplao^fcrlwahrasl* tw*li» pe«a4sa htMMM BsaBU. 