TRA.VELIJNGr IN NORWAY. ('« A Flying trip through Norway,' in Harper's New .Monthly Magazine for July.) PRESENTLY a fine buxom young girl, about savonteen roars bf age, made' ber appearance at the door. I flattered, myjolf she woro rather a pleasoJ expression when abe sow me ; but that might have been tho customary oast of her features, or vanity on ray part. At a'.l events there was a glowing bloom in her oteóles, and a penetrating brilliancy in her large bine oyes, wonderfully fascinating to one who had not reocntly looked npon anything very attraotivo in ' the lino of .female loveliness. She was certainly a moJul of, rustió beauty -I had rorelv Been lior equal in any oountry. Nothing oould be more lithe nnd ^woeful than lier form, wbioh was , advantageously set off by a tight bodice and a very scanty petticoat A pair pi' rod woollen stockings con- spicuously displayed tbe fine oontour .of her-ankles I sap pose is the conventional expression, though I mean a great deal more than that.. As Bli o sprang down the steps with a light and elnstio bound and took hold of the horse, which by this time tbe three old mon were fumbling nt to harness in the coriole, I unconsciously thought of Diana Vornon. ? She had all the darin ? grace and delicacy of tho Soo'oh hoorine-only in a rustió way. - Seizing the horse by the bridle, she hacked bim ap in a jiffy between tho shafts of tho carióle, and' pushing the .old grey-heads aside with a. ° merry laugh, : prooeedod to arrange the harness. Having'paid tbe boy who had come ovor from the'last atatlon, and put my name and destination in tho day-book, according tu law, I refreshed ? my.elf by a glass of ale, and then oarae ont to see if all was ready. Tho girl nodded to me smilingly to get in and ho off. X looked around for tko boy who iras to accompany mo. Nobody in the shape of a boy was to ba seen. Tho threo old mon had returned to their log by tho atablo, and now sat smoking their pipes and gossiping ng u,unl ; and the good natured old landlady stood-Bmiling and nodding in the doorway. Who was to take oharpo of the carlota ?-that was'ike question. Was I to go alone I Suppose I Bhould miss the road and get lost in some awful wilderness ? However, these questions were, too m nob for my limited vocabulary of Norsk on tho Bpur of tho moment. So I mounted the carióle, resolved to abide whatever fate Providence might have in atoro for me. The girl put tho relnB in my hand' and off I started, wondering why those good people left, me to travel.alone. I thought that they would naturally feel some'solicitude about their property, r-'oarcely vr-.s 1 under way, when, with a bound like a door, tho girl was up on the cariólo behind, hanging on to tho' seat with both hands. Perfectly aghast with astonismont, I pulled tho reina and stopped " Wh it 1" I exolatmod, in the bout Norsk I, could muster, 11 ia the Jom/iu going with rue?" " Ja ["answered the laughing damsel in a morry ringing voice, ' Ja.' Ja.' Jey vii v.se de Vein I-J will show you tho way 1" Here was a predicament I A handsome young girl going to take olitrgo of mo through a perfectly wild and unknown country! I turned: to the old lady at tho door with something of a remonstrating expression, no 'doubt, tor I felt confused and alarmed. How the deuoo was I, a solitary and inexperienced travollor from California, to defend myself against such eyes,'such blooming cheeks, such honeyed lips and pearly teeth as these-to Bay nothing of a form all grace and agility, a voice that was tho very essence of melody, and the fascina- ting smiles and blandishments of this wild young oroaturel It was enough to puzzle and oonfound any man of ordinary susceptibility, muoh loss one who had a natural terror of tho female sex.. But I suppose it was all right. Tho old lady nod od approvingly, and tho threo old men. smokod their pipoB, 'and touching their red night-oaps, bid mo lfa-rel I meget god reit* I - a pleasant trip I So without more ado I crooked the whip, and off wo started. It was not my fault-that was certain. . My conscience was clear of any bad intentions. We were soon out of sight of tho station, and then came a steep hill. While the pony Was pulling and tugging withal his might, the girl bonnoed off, landing like a wood nymph about six feet in tho rear of the oariolo; when, with strides, that pcrfeo! ly astonished me, she bogan to marah up the bill, singing a lively Norwegian ditty as sha sprang over tho ruts and ridges of the road. I baited in amazement. Tbis would never uo. Respect for the gentler aex would not permit mo to rido up the hill while so lovely a creature was taking it on foot. Governed by those high principios pf gallantry, augmented and cultivated hy long rosidenco in California, I Jumped out of the carlole,and with persuasive elotjuonce begged the fair damsel to: net in and drivo UD tho hill on ruv account : that I greatly preferred wilkin.) the oxeroiso was con- genial-I liked it. At this she lookod astonished,, if not suspicious. I fanolod abo was not., used to that apeóles of homngo. At all events' she stoutly declined getting in ; and slnoo it was impos-: Bible forme to ride under tho circumstances, I walked by. her aide to the top of *Bo bill. A coolnosa tras evidently* growing up between us, for she nover spoke a word all the Tt/ty j and I was too busy trying to keep ' tho hone ; in the middle of the rood and savo -, my; broath to . mab o any further attempts at conversation. Having at length reached tbe summit, the girl directed mo to take ruy place, which.I did atonas with groat alacrity. With nioUior aolivo bound BIIO was np behind, holding on as before with both hands to the book of the Boat. - Then she whistled to the horse ina Btyle. he seemed to understand perfectly wolli for away he daubed clown tho hill at a rate of spceJ that I was certain would very soon result ¡ii utter destruction,to the whole party, lt was awful to think of being pltobed out and rolling down the prooiploo, in the arms perhaps of this dashing your ff danuol, who, being accustomed to the road, would doubtlesa exert herself to savo me. Ma! Bein I Bein .'-rtravol I" cried this extraordinary girl ; and away we wont-over rooks, into ruts, against roots and bushes ; bounoing, spring log, «pbuMng; and dashing throash nvod-boles -j down bil .nd«Ulidown ¡ whirling past terrino pits,jagged pinnacle« of rock, »nd yawnlng"gulfi of darkness j through gloomy Estehe« of pins, ont airain into open »paoe«, and along tke rinks of fearful preoipicei | over riokety wooden bridges, and through foaming torrent« that dished out over the raad-tho wild girl clinging fast behind, tho little pony flying along madly in front, the carióle creaking and ra*, tl in» aa if goinr to pieces-myself hanging en to the reins in a per/eot agony of doubt whether eanh mnment wonld not be our lut. I declare, on the faith of the traveller, it beat al) the dan- gers I had hitherto encountered summed up to tether. Trees, whirled by waterfalls flashed upon my aatsni hod eyes streaks ef sunshine fretted the gloom with a network of light that daisied and confounded mo. I could aee no- thing dearly. There was a horrible Jumble in my mind ot black rocks and b ne eye.', pine forests and flaming rod stooUngs, flying clouds and flying pettiocats, the roaring of torrents and the ringing voice ot the ma'den aa she cried, "Flue I aaa« 1 iferte !-Fly I Go it f Travel I" - Only one thought waa uppermost-the fear of being dashed to pieces. Great beavens what a fate ! Ii I could only stop thia infernal little ponv, we might yet be saved ! But I dared not attempt it. Tte slightest pull at tho reins would throw bim upon his baunohea, and oariole and all would ga spinning over him into some horrible abyss. All this time i he wild damsel behind was getting more and more excited. Now ehe whistled, now she shouted, " Skynde pa 1 - Faster faster I" till, fairly carried away by enthusiasm, she begged mo to give her the whip, which I di J, with a faint attempt at prayer. Again Bhe whistled, and shouted " Shynde pa I -Faster I fsBter !" and then she cracked the most startl- ing and incomprehensible Norwegian melodiös with the whip, absolutely stunning my ears, while she shouted " Oaae ! Flue ! Reite-Go it ! Sly ! Travel 1" Faster and still faster we flew down the frightful hill. The pony caught the infection of enthusiasm, and now broke into a frantio ran. «Faster! faster !"_ shrieked tho wild girl in o paroxysm of d light.. By thia time I", was pes'tively beside myseff with terror. No longer able . to] distingnith. the flying tree?, waterfalls, and precipice', 1 closed my eyov aud gasped for breath. Soon the bounoing of the coriole aroused me to something like consciousness. We had struok a rook, and were now spinning along the edge of a roi«hty abyss on one wheel, tue other performing a sort of ba'ance In tho air. I looked ahead, bat there was neither shape nor meaning in tbs country. It was a wild chaos of destructiva elements-trees, predpioes, rei stockings, and whirling petticoats - toward wh'ob. we were madly-flying. But there , ii an end to all troubles upon earth. With - thanks to a kind Providence, I at length caught sight of a long stretch'of level road. Al thou,h there were , several' abort turna to be marlo before reaching it, there waa still hope that it might bo gained without any more serious disaster than tho breaking of a leg or an arm. Upon such av casualty as that I should have com- promised at once. If this extraordinary creature behind would only stop whistling and oraoking the whip, and driving the little pony crazy by her inspiring cries, 1 might yet Bucoeed in steeling safely into tho level road ; but the nearer we approached the bottom of tho bill the wilder she became - now actually danoing on the little board with de-í light, now leaning over to got a ont at the pony's tail with the whip, while she whiatlid more fiercely than ever, and cried out, from time to time "Flin! Oaae! Heitel" Already the poor Htto animal was reaking with sweat, and it was a miracle he did not drop dead on the road. How-; ever, by great good fortune, aided by my skill in driving; wa made tbe turns, and ino, few more ware safely jogging along the level road. . GENERAL SIR JOHN WATERS,-A troop of dragoons had intorooptod him, andoarried him off) aid iha,oornmnnd n¿¡of fleer detdred two soldiers to keep a itriot watoh over him and carry him to bead-quarters. He wat, of oourse disarmed, and being plaoed on a horse was, ofter a short time, gallop- ed ott"by hiaguards. He slept ono night under durunoa. vile at a small inn where fae was allowed to remain in the kitohen ; conversation flowed on very glibly, and as he ap- peared a stupid Knglisbman, who could not understand a word of Frenoh or Ppanish, he was allowed to listen, and thus obtained precisely tho inteUigonoe that be wai in search of. Tho following morning, being again mounted, he overheard a conversation between his guards, who deliber- ately agreed to rob him, and to shoot him at a mill where they wore to stop, and to »port to their officer that they had been compelled to fire at bim in consequence of bis at- tempt to escape. Shortly before they arrived at. tho mill, for fear that they might meet with some who would insist on having a portion of the spoil, tho dragoons took" from their prisoner hia watch and his purse, which ho surren ? dered with a good grace. On their arrival at the mil they dismounted, and, in. ardor to givo some oppoiranos 1 of truth to their story, they "went iqto the house; leaviag their prisoner outtide, in the hope that he would ' maka Homo attempt to ejoane. In an instant Waiora threw hi s oloak upon a neighbouring olivo bush and mounted his cooked hat on the top. Soma empty fl mr sacks lay upon the ground, and a horse laden with well-filled flour saoks stood at the door. Sir John oontrived to enlor ono of tho empty saoks and throw himself acres tho hors?. When tho - soldiers came out of the house, they fired their carbines at the Bnpposod prisonor, and galloped off at the utmost speed. A short time after tho miller carno out and mount- ed bis stood . the general contrived to rid himself of tbe.in oumborance of the saok, and sat np, riding behind. the man, who, suddenly turning round, saw a ghost, as bo believed, for the flour that still remained in the saok had complctly whitened his fellow traveller and given him a most . unearthly appearance. Tba frighted millor was' ''.putriflod," as lire. Malaprop would say, at the sight, and a push from tho whit« spectre brought the unfortunate man to tho ground,when away rode tho gallant quarter-master with his saoks of flour, which at length bursting, made a lúdicro »s spoolocle of man and horse. On reaohing the English camp, whore Lord Wellington was anxiously deploring IIÍB rato, a sudden shout from tho soldiers made his lordship tura round, when a figure, resembling tho statue in " Bon Juan," galloped up to him. . Tho duke, affoot'ouately shaking him by the hand, said:-" Water^ you never yet deooivod mo ; and, though you have come in a questionable shape, I must con- gratulate you and myself." When this story was told at tho dub, one of those listeners who always want something moro called out, ." Well, and what did Waters say V to whioh Alvanley replied-' Oh I Waters made a veryflowery Bpeoohlike a woll-bred man."-Ucmiiiitcentct of. Captain (Jrnnow, formerly of the Grenadier Ouardt. TUE . MEXICAN QUESTION.-S>rl Russell writes as follows, in p.. rt of bli dOjpaUh refasing to ratify tho Con- vention of Puebla, on account of its.beiug interwoven with another treaty, tho provisions of whioh are not fully known to Her . Majesty's Government, and whieb, if brought into operation, might possibly nffoot tho independence of Mexico t-" Her Mojosty'a Government hnvo rio doubt that yon [Slr C. Wyka] and Gommodoro Dunlop wera quite right in separating yonrae'ves from tho Frenoh after the declared intention of tba Frenoh commanders to move their troops on Mexloo with a view to overthrow tho Government of tho President of the Mexloan Bepnblic Had yon oonsonte'd to join in that movement you would, in- tho opinion of Her Majesty's Government, have eoted in direot violation of the Convention of London, and. in orntnveufion of those principles' of non- inteiferenas in the internal aflairs of other oonntiicB, upon whioh the foreign po'.loy of Her Majesty's Government is based. Her Mtjesiy'u Govern- ment ern rejoiced to think that you have made olear to the world that Her Majesty's Government will not swexro from a policy whiob ÍB SO eonduoivo to the maintenanoo of tho prinoiple of national independence. Nor can anyone deny that when yon bad thus regoino.il. your freedom of action you were at liberty to negotiate a oonvontion with tbe Mexiain Government. There oin ba no doubt, indeed, tbotitis not only striotly lbs right, bat it ls also striotly tba duty of tho British Government to obtain for British anbjeots in Mexico reparation for the wrongs they bave suffered, nnd.oompenBation for tho frauds and the robberies of which tbey have boon the violins. Bat in Booking to obtain Ibis redress the British Government are determined lo abide by tho principies they pro/es», tho obligations tbey have oontracted, and the great roles or policy by which tho nation is guided." In oommunioating to the Frenoh Government the determination of tho British Government to deollne to ratify the convention, Kuri Hassall nlBO wrote:-"In doing so, Hor Majesty's Government are glad tbat 'eironmetdnoBB Bbould enable ns with honour to avoid that whioh wonld appear to widen the politisai reparation betwoon England and Franca with regard to Mexloan affairs. That separation was, however, bognn by the un- fortunate deoiulon taken by M. Dubois da Saligny and Admiral Jurien de la Graviere to break away from the negotiations entered apon by tba three omeo: .rowers, and to oommenee aotiie hostilities against Mexioc. Her. Majesty's Government are rejoiood (bat tbey are not obliged, at a moment when the French expeditionary força 'appears. to ba in diffloalties, - to Uko J a step which might have . borne ' tho1 character of aggravating those dlfflonlties, snd might bavo implied feelings on tho part of tho British) Government wbiob tbey nra far from entettalning towards that of the Emperor," Earl Cowley,(n reporting,'! .that ho had road thia dcBpntoh to the Erenoh Minister, ; writes-Mi Thoavenel said that tho Emperor had loarnt tho détermination of Her Mnjaniy's Govcremont with ' groat satisfaction. His Exoellenoy added that although ' tho sanlimentB of friendohlp for the Impoiial Government, whioh your Lordship expresses at tho end of your dospatob, had not boon tba turning point in the decision taken by Hor Majoaty's Government, yet that bo did not receive thom with loss cordiality, norapproolato them tho less.1; 