BISHOP POMPALLfER'S LETTER TO THE MA ORI " KJNQ." Letter of the Right Rev. Dr Pompallier, Bishop of Auckland, to Nlatutaera Potatau, a Native Chief of Waikato, called " The King" by the Natives. (Translated from the Maori language ) Beloved friend Matutaera,—Greeting to thee. Great is my aff ction for thee, who are the father of many trihes. Great is my remem brance and affection fur Te AVherowheto, thy father and my ancient friend in this island. Ah! may thou, thy family and tribes, be blessed by Jesus Christ, the Saviour of the world, und the only founder of the Holy Catholic Church, which is only Mother Church, the Church of all ages and of all the earth. I received the letter which was written by thee, on the 21st July last My heart has re joiced, because light has been shown to thy eyes and to thy heart. Behold 1 God speaks within the Church, by the mouth of the bishops, and by the mouth of the priests, whom they send to do their work, that is to preach to the sheep of their flocks. Behold also the teaching of the Pastorship of the Church, is the true teaching of the word of God; it is the teaching of the Holy Ghost Himself; for the Holy Ghost abides with the Church's Pastorship, Jesus Christ having said to His Apostles, comprising their successors, " The Holy Ghost abides with the Church's Pastor ship, JeBus shall remain with you for ever. Hence He is constantly in you." (John eh 14, v. 16 17.) These are also the very words of Jesus Christ—" Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world' (Matthew ch. 28, v. 20.) Now, from these solemn words, consider that the Pastorship of tho Church cannot teach anything of 'error, but its teaching and direction fnr Christian life are from truth only. That Pastor has the lawful authority to teach all the nations of the earth. So it pos sesses all the words of God : all the Sacraments, and even itself has delivered to the wor.d ibe Bible, written on paper. Hence the Mother Chuichisthe proper preserver of the Bible; She gives thB understanding' of it; She is the j udge of its letter, which is merely the sign, the bark, we could say, of the word of God, that is, of His thoughts; but what is more important, the Church makes understood these thoughts themselves, which are the real word of God, the fruits of truth—the flame of the Holy Qhost's flambeau, which is the spiritual light for the souls of the men of the world. Yes/Maori people and beloved spiritual chil dren, yes it is very true, within thv Pastorship of the Church, the Holy Ghost is always abiding and acting. Hence this principle is certain : The teaching of the Pastorship of the Church is the living Bible, which causes the Biblo paper to shine; and out of the pale of the Mother Church, the Holy Ghost does not act; but out of the Church the Bpirit of darkness, the work of infideliEy itself abides, Jesus Christ saying: — " He who does not hear the Church, let him be considered as an infidel and a sinner," (Mat. ch. 18, v. 17.) Therefore out of the Church the souls of men live in trouble and anxiety, and there is a multitu'le of false doctrines, of con fusions and contradictions, because they are de prived of the light and of the work of the Holy Ghost Let some men not Bay that the Bible paper —tho Bible letter, is the principal Rule "of Faith ; for that Bible, out "of the ministry of the Holy Ghost, is merely a paper with black lines of writing — that is all. Hence, out of the Holy Ghost, the Bible is like a lamp with oil and wick, but without a flame upon the wick, viz., without the flame of the Holy Ghost, which is the Light of Paith; for we re peat it, the Holy Ghost does not remain out of the Church, and with people not hearing the Church Therefore, finally, let men be in the pale of the Church, and there soon tbey will hove the Light of Truth from the Bible paper, especially from the • living Bible, which iB the principal one, and is the teaching of the pastor ship of the Church—a teaching which is the' lamp having always the flame upon the wick. Hence the truth of tliesQ words of St. Paul, "The Church'of the living God is the Pillai and Ground Truth. (Timothy, ch. v., 15.) Matutaera—it i8 then, with grounded reason chat my heart .has felt great consolation, be cause thou hast adoptod the doclrine and direc tion of the Mother Church—the Church of the living God, of which Church the nature has been more and more explained to* thee, by the priest sent by me to thy country. This fact of living* teaching shows more and more to thee that the living Bible, that is, the Bible speakine, is better than the Bible paper, which is dumb and deaf. 'Yes, bettor is the living Bible, that is the teaching of the Mother Church, which can hear by human ears, and speak by human tongues Hence these (solemn words of the Apostle's Creed, which are recited by Chris tians generally—" I believe in the Holy Catho lic Church." Now let one person in New Zealand say, ' there is only one same God for the Mother | Church and for all the suparate .Churches— j hence they are all equnlly good. - Hearken, spiritual children, of 'New Zealand, behold there is only one God for .the angels in Heaven, but a great many of them became proud and disobedient to Him, and they were separated from'Him to be mere demons in hell I And as for Him, He remained a good Father solely for-the angels who persevered in good ness. Likewise, there is only one God for the Jews and for the Christians; but the Jews have been separated from, him on account of their crimes committed on the person of Jesus Christ our Saviour, and God has remained a good Father to the faithful Christians. , Likewise, again, at the last day,of judgment there will be only one God for the good Christians who shall be placed at his right hand, and for the bad Christians who shall be at his left hand. But these bad Christians shall be expelled into hell, which will be the eternal punishment of their suns, either against faith, or against the Divine laws ; and 'tod Himself will be, in Heaven, the Father infinitely good Christians. Yes, then, there, is rnlyone God, that is Jehovah ; but he is a good God for the Christian's good, and a God of just anger to the sinful Christians who remain nhstinnte in their sinful Christians who remain obstinate in their sins. Finally, likewise the new churches, by their becoming proud and disobedient to the Mother Church, videlicet, to the word of Faith, or to the Divine Laws for Christian life are separated by God from the Church and from Himself; " He who does not hear the Church, let him be considered a3 a heathen." lit-nee, although separated Churches like to keep the Bible paper, behold they do not possess the clear knowledge of the Word of God, that is, the doctrine of the Church's Pastorship, which is the living Bible, the lamp with the flime upon itself, in one word, the New Churches keep the paper, videlicet the skin of the fruit, the oil of the wick of the lamp, but they leave the flame and the light to the Mother Church, that is. to the true Christians, who are docile to Jesus Christ, saying to His Apostles, and their successors, videlicet, to the lawful pastorship of ' the Church " They who hear you (the Apostles) hear Me, and they who despise you despise Me" (Luke ch 10 v. 16). Enough for these great truths; it belongs to God himself to judge finally the persons who are wrong in matters of faiih and religion. But be happy, dear friend Matutaera, be happy, ye all who are of an npright heart ! The star—that is, the light of Heaven—has shone for you. Then preserve it as a lamp to guide you to the Mother Church, to faith, to Heaven itself. Now the goodness of God is for you; the love of the Bishop is for you : for you is the love of the Motiier Church in Eu rope, in Asia, in Africa, in America, Oceanica— behold, in all the world. Still let man preserve well faith, and observe Christian life— videlicit, let liiin keep a true love for God, loving him a' ove all things, and his neighbor as himself. Thus ends my letter for you, dear friend Matu taera ; thou seest it is a work of teaching; it is the work of an ardent love ; it is not, in any manner, a work of Cmsar (of politics j, for it does not concern the rights of land, property, or of sovereignty. I leave these things to the people of the world, to" their chiefs, either foreigners or Maories. Beliold,T have no mis sion from God to settle such matters. I end by wishing to thee, and'to all tby tribes, the blessings which God gives to the persons living in the bosom of the Mother Church, Catholic—Eoman. "Now this is a' token also* of; my love ; I send a new priest of mine for thee and for the tribes of Waikato. My Vicar-general conducts him to you. Be all good to him as a-pastor for you all. Be good also to the sacred ministers going in my name—in the name of Jesus Christ Himself. This letter is from John Baptist Francis Poupallier, Bishop of the Diocese of Auckland. 