Jartis and PriT»tcer'« motto—"A thing of bootv je a joy for ever." TUB IUTIOSS THAT Swrosi POLICEMEN,—Corporations. It ii justly nid of a woman that she divides our sorrow* and donbles oar joys. Pity ahe should quadruple our expenses. A LiDT'i COMWDECM.—Why are mm like ch»pel»?—Became there U no living with them.— Why we women like churches?—Because there ii no living without then. The Hartford Timet roggests that the " mortar" fleet that goes down the Missiuippi ii intended to cement the Union. It is said that a distinguished homooopatliiit, on the principle that "likecures like," recominendf, at the best remedy for a col,), a frieze jactet. At an infant tdiool examination, s lew days ago, the fjuuninw asked," What fish eat the little ones?"—"The big *une," shouted out a little orchis. The most infkllibie way of preventing • kitchen door from creaking is taid to be to engage a servant girl whose sweethearts come to the boose to •ee her. A poet has commescod a new epic, which beams well. It opens with aa invocation to the Nine Mates, bursting forth with these word*—" Ye, femi-aioet!" The Lord Advocate told the Edinburgh Dialectic Society, the other day, it is better to think Cuter than you tan speak, than to speak fatter Usa yoa can think. A gentleman hearing that tiro of his (female fricnii had quarrelled, asked Did they call each other tigly?" " No." "Orold?" "No." "Well,then, we can «oon make them friends again." A merchant writes to a London paper fait complaints of female extravagance, and said his three danghten' clothes cost him £300 per annum. He pretends that be wouldn't grumble if bit dinner wai always drested as well as his family! •'Mr. Smith, I wish to speak to you privately. Permit me to take you apart for a few moments." Smith {who wasn't the least frightened)—" Cer- tainly, sir, if yon will promise to pot me together again." " Mike, can yon account for the extraordinary curve in this horse's back? 7 ' " Sure as' I can, sir. Before the bote was your property, she was backed again an Irish hone, sad bit; her all hollow, and she never got straight since." An erehange comes to as with the notice that Truth is crowded out of this issue." This is almost as bod as the up-country editor who said, " For the evil effects of intoxicating drink, «e our inside."—Mexicoa paper. Why, dear me, Mr. Longswallow," said a good lady, " tew can yoa drink a quart of that hard cider at a single draught?" As soon as the nan could breathe again, he replied, "I beg pardon, madam, it was so hard I couldn't bite it A" WIFK-SJCK.—" Are yoa alarmed at the approach of the king of terrors?" said a clergyman, to an invalid. "Oh, no'." waa the xeply^ " I have been living «i x-and-thirty yean with the queen of terrors: the king cannot be much worse'" Tbe boat tad just arrived, and the landing was as usual crowded with cabmen, porters. &c.; When the passenges commenced landing, a porter -stepped op to a country-looking chap, saying, " Otrry your baggage, sir?" "Xo," was the reply. " Shan't X carry your bsggsge?" " No! I ain't got any baggage." Hie porta' looked at him for a minate, thai TCIT coolly stooped down, and taking hold of hiI foot, add with an air of astonishment, "Why, master, that's one of your feet, ain't it?" Hang me if I din't think it was a leather trunk'." EABLV BISISCA.—An eminent agriculturist, bow deceased, who for many years represented a midland county in Parliament, was wont, when his amateur labourers required him to rise at a fireternaturally early hour, to adopt the ingenious expedient of going to bed with his clothes on overnight. It took off the edge, as it were, of early rising, and broke tbe neck of the enterprise. We' cannot say whether the gentleman carried out the device to all its logical conclusions, and washed his hands and fice overnight also.—Saturday l}eeien. NRWSPIFERSWITH Rsaixv SOHETHIKG IK THEM. It should be more generally known that a news- paper containing any inclosurc, or with writing in it, r on it, i> no longer forwarded through tbe Poit- Office. All such paperaare detained when discovered, nd the Post-office Inspector sends a bushel bag of hem every week to the Dead Letter-Office, containng worsted socks, mitts, pattern collars, ribands, ewellery of various kinds and value, riqgs, breastpins and brooches, &c.;—Qae'ee Chronicle. Slavs lira BIGOT.—" If I am not borne from the party to-night at tea o'clock," said a husband to his better half,"don't wait for me." That I won't, ut IH come for you,'" was tbereply," He returned at ten precisely. USESPECTED.—"Can a man sec without eves?" asked the professor. " Yes, sir," was the prompt answer. "Pray,sir,how do you make that out?" cried the professor. " He can tee with one, sir," replied the Juveniles. TILL SPIBIT JUFPISG FOLLY.—On one occasion lately, when the spirit of Doctor Johnson WM called up, the gre»t shade, in answer to the question, "Are you the spirit ofDr. Johnson '"replied, "Yes; I are." This of course established the identity of the ghost at once. "Yoca FiEB, Mies."—A young lady from the country went on one of tbe river steamboats to the city, and when the steward came round to collect the fares, he said affably, " Your fare, Miss." The unsophisticated one allowed a delicate pink t* manifest itself on her cheeks, and looked down in soft conftukm. He steward ventured to remark again, " Your fitre, Miss." This time tbe pink darkened into carnation, and the maiden fingered her parasol. Hie conductor began to look foolish, he managed to say once more," Hemt Mitt, your fare." In a moment those lovely violet eyes were looking up is to his face through an-aurora of blusltes, and her ro«v lips eioUimed," Well, they do say I'm good looking at home; but I don't sec why you want to «ay !t so loudl" ODD TO A KBORIS. celestial apoley which Didest inspire, the soul of burnt and pop with sack rod fir. kast thy Mantle over me When i shal ring, the prait Of A sweat flower who grows in Which lias of late come under the Fokii. of My eyes, it is tailed a krokit. sweat lovely prety littil sweat Tiling. TOU bloometh before The Wricks on High sing, thv left are neithlr Red Nor yelly. but Just betwixt the two you hardy felly, i fear voul yet be Nippit with the frost. As Msney a me has known to there kost. rou should not home out in such a hurrr. As this is only the Month of Febrvwurrv. and you may cxpiek vet Much bad wethlr. when all your blads will krunkil up like Burnt leather. alas. alas, theres Men which tries to time, who have like you come out before their time, the Moril of my pcese depend upon it. is good so here I end my odd or sonit The newest Yankee notion is a machine far which a man can tell when ha lias become sufficiently drunk.lt is ciWvi.pfuddleometer, and operates by giving a fellow a sharp punch in the ribs the moment he has got dHnk enough In his skin. 