TO JOSlil-H LEARY, ESQ., M.L.A. (Per favor of the Freeman's Journul.) Sir— I cannot ctrnvey loyou in words how mud I was ba'iu-d ui see that any one professing hitns- 1 a Catholic could have expie.-sed himself .in tb manner \ on did, in y v»r place in the Ass^mhly, oi the Mntiimonial Causes Bill. The Church teacln- t'»at Maniu.otty is a ^acramen'-^constquem^ « ; Di\i- einMitiition ; St. Paul dfilares that it 'ft u a great Sacrament ;' i-url -the Council of T-tnt pit ' ii. ipn-'S ' anathema' against any one who shall naijt tlia' it is not t-uly and properly one of the Sacnimsul j instituted by Christ our- Lords, but of human iiiveii i Hoy.' it .i» ttt; .Diviitr n.sirut. n, unu ultuil : .nci-or/!ing.:t(-.: he Sciipiiires. indissoluble as reuait. i i(sb'.ii.d: '? Itaqua jam »-? n Btn-t duo upd una can ; M 'ofl '''£0 D'.wa: ':uigtuix»'ii:-iioin« nitn s'epmrt-1' (va^it., x-,x.,-f*)il. but you will uoderuk't; t). iegiflhle -to -render separation possible. Know, then, that, holding :the,legality- or the possibility of 'such sepa lation, you are holding a doctrine directly in oppo sition to the Catholic Faith, as laid down in th« Creed .of Pope Pius ihe 4th — a foimulary that must he subscribed by eypry one who seeks to enter the Catholic Church. There is no room for the doc trine of expediency here. The Church' does not allow of divorce in the sense that you'anrTothers of oiir legislators would make it lawful. The' Scrip, .tures declare that those who ate divorced (quoad torum) and marry again; are guilty of adultery ; and , you will put yourself forward in opposition to the Scriptures, the Church, and the doctrine^ of- all theologians, and. profess that your conscienc^ allowi .you to declar» that lawful for non Catholics which can never be lawful for Catholics. If youldo mi Vnow already, learn, at least, now, that what ta lawful under any circumstances cannnot be ibad in se ; and that what is essentially wrong cannot be allowed in any circumstances.- ? Now, divorce a vinculo is dtcLred by ;thf- Church (in accordance with the Scriptures) to be unlawful in every case, supposing a valid 1 marriage to exist. 'Yoii, as a Christian^ I. prestime^i'are aware that 'you are not legislating for marriages with Jews or.unbeljevtrs : 'y«u are, then, giving a facility for sepaWtion to persons, or rather giving power to dissolve the mar- ria^es of persons, wjio, if; not:.Gatholic8, at least, as Chrisfidns/are bound, by the, laws of the Gospel. Oh !' -shame, that one educated as a Catholic— one who, not very long; since, took upon. himself the obligations of ithe married state-^one that presented /himself before the/Altar, and there, 'in i;fhe!:face of the -Church. : made his' solemn 'vo.w' to' remain faithful until-. death :— shairie, I 8a«.; that such a .one. should 'rai»e:bi8 voice tb declare that that vojt couldbe repudiated! ; ', Butyou are consistent: you shew no 'respect for tHe doctrine aud the practice of the Church on this subject; and next you proceel ; to attack the t ^teachers of the .Church. Alas ! th at yoii' vhuild have been so lost to shame— ^to pvery sense of pro rjln'e.ty— I will not say so lost to truth and hohesty —as to give utterance to the langtiage in which' you deffyiied.the priests of God's Church' on- Thursday Jevening. I have not undertaken to ah'swer your drguinenfs against the continuance 'of -^State-aid ; for arguments there were none. There was the usual amount of sophistry and clap- trap thit we hear on such occasions; .but [give you credit for 'more sense than, to think; '-o'u believe- yourself what j ou i ai-I to be applicable to the state' of-th'inga eki8ting in' this couutry. Surely you fnust- have from t''e Crbtfh by the Bishops and Priests of the Irisli Church, the endowment of M=«ynorth 'by the Government, and with what grateful acceptance the boon is met bv the Bishops; and are the energies of the cl r'gy imps' red, or are they, less !./re:e,.;or le--t zualous, in consequence 1 Are not the.very.iflower of the clergy vf Ireland — the men; who have' been foremost in; denouncing vice and op;iression-^-the Rivn who have been educated, in. a Siate-paid ;Col lejte? But you asseii there is a vast difFirence between the clergy of Ireland and the clergy in Auslralia. Grantnl, if you will ; hut is there not a vast diflVrence between the. faithful here and ia IreUtul f Would you have eyer dared to enunciate in Iieland the 'sentiment's expressed ', in nut As*e-n- hly ?— I do not sa- in the Home Pailurnent ;; for y-ti must know sucha thing is bvond the range of possibilities. You insol ntly ak '?whether the priests of this colony are as ahle and efficient as they ate in Ireland ?' and giveyour '? bejief that some are, and your conviction that many are not.' This certainly would be condemnation, if your opinions and your convictions were worth anything in the estimation of those who, but a .short fine befoie, heard those same opinions and convictions l^auing you to 'declare' that lawful which Our Divine, Lord Himself declared to' be unldwtul. You havve undertaken to uive the n-tmes of two priests as *' .-.pecimens of nhat' the priest's of Iieland are.' It; it possible that, amongst sixty at present in the colony, there is only One found worthy to rt- present the priethood ? You state that ?'these gentle nen have b en the means of ereetieg ten or twtlve beautiful churches and collecting £l'4 000.' Chinches have been built, it is true; but. before parading such a statement before the public, 'you miglii have enquired whether similar deeds were .'Hit t,. Vincr ril..('H in nthfr n.irt- of iIim i-nVn'riir Moreover, you did not state the oojects for wb'bh the ii 14,000 were t ollecled. Here is the' startling1 evidence \\--u bring f-rward f»r the Voluiuary Syst«-m. You go on to say :? 'What are -her S'i'a'e pai.i men of the highest atq iremenis? The t-ffect of Staie prty upon ,many ot. them was indifFerttice aud periect caieles.si.ehK of their fi -cks. \l-t»v of ihe-e itemlemen never visited their flocks at all.' Now, 1 consider liiat, as a cK- rgunan, and as one noldii'g -i position ot some trust in the Chinch,- I have a ligiit to demand 01 \ou — a subject of the Churci. (?) — ot yon, us a public man, iiu.kiiig such .t'Stvei-piiiu a.shert.on — the names of thuse who are ts (i il - - ol this di-ihiuitst; — ol Uiis flngrant deielicuon xf 'Juiy. You may tell me here, rtiat you d - nut :eter to the piic-Ms; but, Ironi the alluhion ? mii'A e riiatt-1 y pttteiiiig, such a reply cannot be ad. milted. How can you, put lie n.aii as you ;iie, he conscious of such gu-ss mgleut ot duty as you allege tu be Me vase of a cUrgjuiBrt *' coming under joui own uoiice,',' and not at oi ce have such a dt Ii quent (.-ui:i»he(i for his unchuhtiitn conduct. No; mj dear Sir, were it in you i power u» deii'iunie him, I do not for a momtiit inihgine \on would hesitate to do n — you who dn only lind o ie pritst in i his colon \ worthy of (he nine. Perhaps, »s \ou have giv^n the name ot one.gfod man, you would tavor me with iht- iiamts of .a ..lew nt tiiHt large ul.VhS, of whom'ttie recusant was a type. A--, 1 of the number ol tho-e Mho are,tound v isiiing win re champagne lunches are ^.iven? is Fatht-r 'lhrrry or Arehdeacoii M'lii croe of. the nuiiii;rrf How many ol the cla-s ViaVe u- repio.u h htmstlvtB wiitt having ei joyed your! hospitality? Or how many have btcu .,et by you til \- cii-ty where such thiiigs could have uc unt-d, t liut tittie can be no mistake ? you - xplic tl- tell us : 1 tl.is reler* to U..HiaiiiOalli lies also.' Did jfpU it-i knoA ,v/hen y«u went on to say, ' that' these ? ^nt'.emen did vtry Imle tluiing the wetki' that yptir ?U'ldsweren tin uccoidoiic^, wuhtruili ? Takc'tt^ '.-tiict from which , you lately can e adit ask »uur»t;if was your former pastor we who did oothitjjt ,' _ 'all the week ,!( If you. had been a, little more obser ?' lu ^'yan't1 of the ; practices of '.Catholic life, you might 'j-'Baiebeen^ a witness of some of his acts ; you mighi 'vhaye'Wen'hiin offering up the: Holy Sacrifice each '?'?'?' morning ;' 'yon might have known something too of .his, labours in the confessional, and you surely can '^ 'not' bltnd yoyrself to his until ing zeal in attending ,. 'ttie'sick..' , Kye ; and if you had Hone *;hus,;,ou would '-u-i (have!Bp;»fe,(l hip the pain and the sorrow occasioned ' '*? 'Ijy' the fact that you, who ;ought by yvuur position to V .' haye been an example to others, magistrate as you '/.''''ipere, should' be the one to despise his ministry. ? v, ^y-.These are' plain words, but they are the words ? of ^ ? ' one whp had hoped better things of you; they are /used with the hope of even now recalling you to a ;- r7 fetter ' sense ; they may be despised, as those of the P a preachers who shocked your, ears (whether by their -doctrine or their oratory they, pained you, you know best);; but be'assured they are also the words of one () !i.;'W.ho will not hesitate to condemn the conduct of the ,' nian, who professing himself to be a member of the ''' '.?*_. (Jai^piic, Church, will propound his opinions in a '_. .'I public Assembly in opposition to those whom 'The '''.''^'jHqly, Ghost has placed to rule the Church' — who \\\ '??'will lend himself to a measure calculated to uproot '' 'the very' foundations of society, and who will not ', ' ^shrinY from traducing the whole' priesthood of a 'r .. -diocese. ... . . , ,? , _, . . 'J! '-,.'.' Away with your opinion of the zeal ithat ought to 'J^'' animate a clergyman. I trust /that' there is not one B', ^ajnpns;st (hose wKqm God has called to the ministry, ^''^.whbjWO.uld shrink from auiOfering, and from death' ''''. ' too ')'i{ necessary, in .the .cause, of : the Gospel. '';'£'.'TlieTe.is: another martyrdom far nearer \hbme than .''' ''.China,, 'Which., priests have to suffer, and that 'is *!' .'' 'when. they are attacked; by the tonguss of the slaw ,.'' aerer andj the, calumniator. , In the conclusion of ' V.'yotfr ' ppeecjj you ought to have adled that you T0'' we're voting against vou.r ow.n conscience, at« well as *1lII- ^n'^' opposition^ to tHe^ opinions' of \ the 'people '6ut of u'° fdb'orSf' ' who you- .ki-ow.: well,; . will .consign you to ' '.|'8.P'Wa?jue I'^JiS.hpuld you jeveri present your sell before 'n. ihemj'fqr be assured no onej believes your peroration ,'' Mha't (''ypur, convictions, are based; oiv' rectitude^ i!l :- nonesty, or truth. — I am Sir, your, obedient servant; -.,,,. 'S. A. 8HE;EHY. ;'^5!''25tti;Jttly-, 1862. ,, . ; ? .. „??..„ , .-. , ??-? 