LATE ENGLISH ITEMS. " Bond t\ Taylor," a caso which has just been hoard beforo Sir W. Pago Wood, iuvolvcd a curious question. Air. and Mrs. Bond were divorced, aud afterwards ro-raarrlod. Tho question was, wliothor the cmldrou of tho socond marringo wero entitled to bouofit in tho provisions of a settlement xnado on tho occasion of tuo first, Ilis Honor said that ho had no doubt wliatovoron tho subject. Tho socond was ijnito- a now marriage,, and tho second, family had no interest in the settlement. Air. Humbert, tho architect of tho Tate Duchess of Kout's mausoloum, has inspected tho ground in iYogmore Gardens which has heon selected by ber Majesty for the l'rinco Consort's tomb. The posi tion is noar tln> rood loading from tho rosldouco of the lato Sic George Coupor to Shaw . Farm, Royai. Deaths on Batuiidays.— 1 Tho throne was declared vacant on Saturday, February 18' '1689« William .III. died on Saturday, Alarcli;., 1703 Queen Anno died en. Saturday; August"!,. 1714 j George I, at two o'clock on - Sunday morning, Jttno 11, 1727. (which in- common nnrlnuco is called Saturday night); George II. died on Saturday, Oc tober 26, 17G0; Guorgo III. died on Saturday, January 19, 1820; George IV. on Saturday, Juno C, 1A30. Tho Prluco Consort died on Saturday, Deo. 14. 1861. Tho Gazette contains tho nvcrngo prico of corn for tho sovon years ending tho last Thursday in 1801, Tho return is for tho ptirposo of commutation of tithes in England and wales. Wheat 7s. Old., barley 4s. 7Jil., oats 2s. Id. per bushel. In tho now museum in Kow Gardens tlioro is n specimen of cottou, 600 hanks, weighing only a |H>und. being spun so fiiio ; thoy mcasuro tnoro than 600,000 yards, or 250 miles in length. Muslins aro made in ludla of so fino and dolicato a texture as to bo termed 44 woven air." It is not gcuorally known that tho good old fashion of taking wino was abandoned ou tho Queen coining to tho throne, who, as a girl, .could hot challenge her gnosis to tnko it, and thus it becamo tho fashion to imitato hcr AInjesty in that which to her was n innltqr of necessity. — Court Journal. At the time of tho Exhibition of 1861 tho rail ways having their termini in London wore capaltlo of daily delivering find returning 10,000 passengers; hut the Exhibition of 1862 would find tho capabili ties of tho London railways so extended, that, in stead of 10,000, upwards of 110,000 people may bo carried to nud fro every day. t Ono of the Marino Insurance Companies Is said to liavo netted about £60,000 by taking war risks during tho lato short iwriod of oxcitcuiont arising out of tho caso of tho Trent. Tho will of Aliss Jano Prior, of Cliaso Side, En field (who died at her rosidcnco on tho -ithDocr.), bears dnto in 1857, and was proved on. tlio 30th- of Dee. by tho executors, Potcr Bunnell and Jabcz Logg, Esqs., tho personalty boiug sworn, undor £1000. To oacli of tho following public chavitahlo institutions she loaves tho sum of £100:— London Alissionary, llomo ditto, Colonial ditto, Irish Evan gelical Society, London City Mission, British and Foreign Biblo Socioty, Iluligious 'Tract, Associate Fund, Enfield British Schools, Sunday School Union, Congregational Training School, llomorton ; and £50 to tho Enfield Infant Schools, A Limerick priest rccoutly suggested tho follow ing practical mothod of nnsworing an appeal from purgatory— by a ghost :— 44 A woman in tho county of Limerick, not far from Emly, buried her husband a few months ago. A knock camo to tho doorsomo night lnstmonth. Sho asked who was there. A hollow voico answered, I am your husband, whom you buried, aud I nra very misorablo in purgatory till my dobts aro paid. Soil tho two pigs you havo, and bo suro to havo tho monoy for mo on such a n!fIit when I call.' Tho poor woman did ns ho re- quired, and felt happy at being ablo to moot his request, whether through fear or lovo (as ho np- pcarcd with his shroud nndmlo fnco). Between tho first and second visits of tho ghost, tho poor woman wont and told hor story to tho priest ; lio told her it was all very good, but at tho snmo time to havo two policemen in tho houso when sho would ho giving tho monoy. Accordingly, aftor getting tho money, tho purgatorial nud shrouded ghost camo, and was arrested by tbo polico nud lodged in Limerick gaol, thcro to undorgo a little uioro pur gatory till his trial comes on. Tho ghost turns out to bo a neighbour, who Is godfatbor to ouo of hor children." Awful Murders. — Tho neighbourhood of tho Ituo do la Fidelito, says Qalignani, was thrown into consternation tho,. other cvquiughy. a dtpadfuLt'rn.. .. gody, which occurred in tlw portor'a.lodgo in that Btroot, Tito porter, who is a chorus-singer at tho opera, and fnthor of a numorous family, roturnod homo about five o'clock, and found in tho lodge two of liis marriod daughtors and tho husband of ono of them. Ho had scarcely entered, when ho drew m sharp long knifo from liis pockut, and stabbed his two daughters to tho hoart. The husband, who attempted to defend them, was oovoroly wounded, and lias Binco diod. Tho murderor, who is supposed to havo boon seized with a suddon fit of insanity. Immediately blow out his brains#with a rovolvor. His wifo was absent at tho timo, having accom panied hor youngest daughter to tho Conservatoire, of which sho is a pupil. # An IncidesT/'/ Civil War.— Tho Lynchburg; Republican publishes tho following incident, re- marknhlo alike for its singularity as woll ns for itd- melancholy fulfilment to tho brother of ono of tho , parties concerned :— 44 Just beforo the war hroko- out, and boforo Lincoln's proclamation was issued, a young Virginian, named Sumracrficld, was visit . lag tho city of Now York, where ho mado tho ac quaintance of two Misses Ilolmos, of Waterburyr Vcrmont. lie became somowlmt iutimato with tlio young ladies, and tho intercourso seemed to ho ' mutually ngrccahlo. Tho proclamation was issued, and tlw whole North thrown into n hlazo of cxcito-' moni. On visiting tho ludios ono ovoning, at tho hour of parting tlioy remarked to Summoriicld that their present meeting would probably ho tho 'last ; they musthurry homo to aid in makingup tlio over coats and . clothing for tho volunteers from their town. Sunnncrficld expressed bis regret that tlioy must loavo, but at tho same timo especially re quested them to Bee that tho overcoats wero woll mado, as it was his intention, if ho over mot tho Vormout Regiment in battle, to kill ono of them and take his coat. Now for tho soqucl. Virginia seceded. Tho 2nd Vermont Regiment, a portion of which was from tho town of Watorbuiy, was sent to Virginia. Tho battlo of Mnnasscs was fought, in which thoy woro cngagcd.aud so was Summcrficld. During tlio battlo Smnmorfiold marked his man, not knowing to what Stato ho belonged : tho fatal ball was sped on Its errand of doatu ; tho victim fell at tho flash of tho gun, and, upon rushing up to secure tho dead man's arms, Sumworfluld obsorvod that ho had a fino new overcoat strapped to liis back, which lio doterininod to appropriate to liis own use. Tlio fight was ovor, and Buramorfield had timo to oxamino liis prize, whou, remarkable ns It may appear, tlio cont was markod with tho namo of Thomas Ilolmos, aud ill tho pockets woro found letters signed wjth tho namos of tho sisters whom Suramorficld had known in Now York, and to whom ho had mado tho remark wo havo quoted, in which tho dead man was addressed as brother. Tho ovi- clonca was conclusive— ho had killed tho brothor of his friends, and tho remark which ho had mado in jost had a molaucholy fulfilment. Wo aro assured this narrativo is literally true. Summcrficld now woars tho coat, and, our informant states, is not a- littlo impressed with tho singularity of tho coluci- donco-" , Tho Government stables at Washington - worn- destroyed by firo on tbo 2Gth Docombor. Botweeu 200 and 300 horses wero either , burnt to dokth or received such iujurios that it was doomed humanq to destroy thum. Aloro than 1000 sets of harnoss woro also dostroyed. 