"UNDER 00NSIDERATION." (Prom the Nation) We have had very frequently to notice those meetings which have taken place in the West,. for the purpose of providing, against tile famine which threatens a portion of our people.. We have echoed the sad presage, of the warning which there has been raised, and endeavoured to concentrate publico attention on the subject. By the executive of those meetings, appeals have been addressed to the Irish Government, in order that efforts might be made to stay the desolation which impends in tihe vicinity where they were held. Those appeals were made by persons whose responsibility gave weight to teir testimony. No doubt has been raised of the cruel nature of distress which has evoked them. They have been made in good faith, and they are regarded in good: faith. and to each and every onsetof them, indubitable as they are. and dreadful as their import, if they should be neglected, ope answer has been returned only, and that is, that the subject is receiving the most anxious consideration of the Government. The answer is signed "Robert Peel," and the people hurry to starvation whilst the Government proceeds in its deliberations. Now, one of those appeals was made and forwarded to the Castle a month since, and it setated in the meeost emphatic terms tlsat the people of.an Irish district had just so much provision as would keep them alive for two months. During one month of that very limited space of time the. Government has been deliberating, and there is nothing more than the record of the engagemen.t that they were doing so forthooming since. Natious have beep ruined in a month; dynasties have been overturned in days; governments have besen annibilated in a week; campaigns have been made and empires won in a less cycle of time than 'the Irish Governmenht have been deliberating on the necessity of relieving the people of a perishing district, and those events have been performed, by persons less lavishly paid for their duty than goes to the apoount of the denizens of the Castle. Yet who can be louder than those thriving oflci:ils in the proclaiming that the interests of the people, the wellrbeing of the people,thehappiness of thes Ieaple, is the first care of every department of 'British Legislature, and the great secret of its bold on national influence. In '47, when the woe of that famine, unea:ampled in modern or ancient history, hung like a thunder cloud above the. devoted masses of the Irisl people, the ruling autbhorities were warned of the conse quences with' whibch it was pregnant, and were implored, by every argument which reason or pity could bring to bear upon them, to interpose between the nation and the doom which was ready to burst upon it in all its horror. Ireland was assured for its entreaty that the subject was receiving the "most anxious consideration of the Government." Day after day, week after week, month aftermonth, swept by, and what came of the anxious consideration? Beggary and ruin, death and devastation, direst want and deadliest woes, unnum bered graves, and a:perishing people.. In the meantime we. .were delsded, the world swas deluded, the nations which pitied us from afar off .were deluded.with that specious sham, written down over the name of Sir Robert Peel to-day in the Castle manifesto of interest for our wants, the ever ready and always mocking, "anxious consideration'' of British Governmet for Irish necessities. Let us think. what has this consideration ever meant It meant a lie at Rome in the mouth of a British Ambassador seven centuries ago, when BenryPlanteagenet, second of the name, professed its pretences for the purposes of the rapine which were initiated by the Norman plunderers in our land. It meant frasd--it meant cruelty-.it measnt murder every day through four hundredyears after, while the heads of many a chief and kern dripped their clotted gore as they were pinnacled on the spikes of town-gate. and fortalice, wherever the foreigner had his footing, and held his court amid our plains. It meant fraud-it meant scruelty-it meant murder still, when Mountjoy trampled the ripening grain as it grew yellow'for the sickle when his horsemen-rode down the reaper--when a his musketeers and spearmen made war upon women and children,?evastated the hearths, and fired the homes of Ireland.. It meant deep and lire treachery and b·aest crime,, when James Stuart plotted against the remnant of the possessors.of the soil, to seize the inheritane for the alien and the stranger -whenhe confiscated thesoilin whole principalities, and used impeachments instead "of culverine lawyers, instead of legions-and enjqoyed. the profit of hisvillant in the aggrandisement- of.hisbeggarly followers. . It meant trickery--base, lishonourable, and shameless-when Stafford plundered the nation, and Charies tookthe poceeds. It meant perjury, under the rals of Limerick, when the represen tatives of British royalty took the solemn oath of a treaty, and.broke it almost before the-echops'cpased to repeat the words of the covenant. It meant a horrid mockery of all faith between nations, when the King of England, powerless and bafled, yielded a constitution to armed and united Ireland, which hbe abrogated when the nation trusted to hisefaith, and laid down the sword with which it severed the flioisy bounds which paralysed its energies, crippled. its trade,..and ruined its .manufaotures. 'Since that violation, during sixty- one years, what is, the interpretation of this '*tnxious consideration ?" Blue Books innumerable have.been its evidence, Gommissions on Irish affairs in ano scant measure havehbeen its consequences, speeches in parliament. and pretences out of it; but for the results of so much thought, what have we more than can be found idi the best devised forms of coereion--special jail deliveries, pernodiepl famines, and official insolence in long and unvarying detail? Inh that period, other peoples-without a tithe of the nmtural advantages wasted in Ireland-have progressed steadily,in.wealth, in population, in commerce, andin liberty, whilst among us there lhas been one steady decadence of national life and national progress, until, verging toward the .end of .the country, we find our trade extinguished, our wealth vanished, ourpopulation almost at the point in which it stood sixty years since, and famine lifting its appealisg cry for help, to be gently rebuked at Dublin Castle by being informed that it -as well, of course, as every other Irish matter-is receiving the "anxione consideration" of the Government. A day or two after the death of his Royal High neas the-Prinee.Consort, Mr. Theed, the sculptor, attended at Windsor. Castle by the Queen's com mand. It was her Majesty's wish that a cast of the Prince's hand should be taken, and this was accord. ingly done, but not'very satisfactorily, as the.posi tion of the hand prevented a very suecessful result. Mr, Theedthen expressed an earnest wish 'to be aliqwed to take a cast of the Prince's face, but it was not for sombm' time that her' Majesty accorded him permission. The cast of the face is said to.be exoellentL '."' No i'elaxation has been considered necessery in the warlike preparations in progress at Woolwich Arsenal,. , Annvzn or ResProReserrs Ia OaNaoA.--The Persia which passed Father Point a few minutes after noon yesterday, soon reached Bic, anchored about a mile and a half from the shore, and com menced landing about 600 men in her own boats. They were soearlyall landed by the evening, without ny casualty, the weather being mild and calm, and the harbour perfectly clear of ice. They will start for Rivsidn'Loop to.day, at about noon, in carioles procured from the people in the vicinity. The road,. thirty-six miles long, is good and the country well settled all the way. We understand that, ifthe weather continues fine, the Persia will proceed at once to River du'Loup, for the pprpose of landing stores and the remainder of her men (said to be in all 2,000:) There is not much Iee in bthe ohannel, and the'military men who went down thither to superintend the debarkation asy it could have been effected to-day without any di culty. If the weather should .not be fine, the Persia will remain at.Bic, where.there is shelter underthe island from.all windsaend excellent anchoraga, and the 20 canoes .with 100 men who were sent downto River du 'Loup two days ago will proceed at once to asepist In gettuing the stores on land. The AustralasilanI baring encountered a snow storm on the 23rd and 24th, oroc'eded to 'Halifax.--Quebee Ohronicle, December 28th. A LoN TasMI In IoJEoD..-Macomo, the "African lion tamer," w as engaged in the den, at Norwich, representing a liosh and tiger hunt, when a young lion euddenlir reared and caught him by the shoulders. Niacomo had a spangled dress on, or erobably this performance would have been his last; as it was, he was dragged down and the lion fastened upon his left hand. Macomo, however, happily slipped and fell under the lion, near the railing of the large den in which the " hunt" had been represented; and, his assailant being beaten off with ino iron rod, he was quickly released from his critical position. It was then found that he had been severely bitten in the hand, and part of the fore finger has been amputated. Garibsldi has accepted the Presidency of the Rifle Association of Genoa, and has addressed a letter to the members of that body, in which he says: " Hasten to prepare yourselves to take up arms, for the moment approaches when you will have to give fresh proofs of your valour." Ta? TEtrxaarP s TO INDIA OOoPNrY--The following extract from the Daily News of January 18th, will show the steps thlat are being taken towards completing the chain of telegraphic com. inunication between England and the East. We are informed that the Telegraph to India Company have appointed Mr. Henry Moore their agent for Sydney, and that they have instructed their officers in Egypt to forward the earliest intimation to their agents of the station being opened at Jubal, in order that the public at the various places which willderive the benefit of the telegraphic extension, may avail themselves of it at the earliest possible period. "The steamer with the new cable for the repair and restoration of the Eastern division of the telegraphic cable between Aden and Kurrachee left London on the lest of January, and Mr. Latiiner Clark, one of the engineers of the Telegraph to India Company, proceeded with the staff by the steamer of the 4th January. It is stated that the attention of the engineers will be first directed to the laud line belonging to the Company between Alexandria, Caino, and Suez, which will be at once made available and a temporary station established about March next, at the entrance of the Gulf of Suez upon one of the islands of Shadwau, or Jubal, at which telegraphic messages to and from India, China, and Australia, will be received and despatched. This, a distance of 310 miles from Alexandria, shortening the time by about thirty six or forty hours, is an important step, as securing certain priority of information to those who avail themslves of it, as by the recent completion of the Malta-Alexandria cable the communication will be completed between all pearts of England and the Jubal station in the Red Sea. From the. latter point the India, China, and Australia messages will be conveyed by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamers, under the sanction already obtained of her Majesty's Postmaster-General, until further advances shall have been made in the repairs or reconstruction of the cable. It is therefore recommended that merchants and others who iequire to make use of the line should give their instructions in anticipation, so that so soon as thie notices of the completion of the Jabal station are issued-probably early in Mlarch-their correspondents maybe aware of the advantages to be derived from it, and transmit their communications accordingly. It is further stated that the cost of a message between any port of England and any of the following places at which tlie company have agents, will not exceed £3 for a single message, vie.. Aden, Bombay, Galle, Madras, Galcntta, Penang, Singapore, Hongkong, shanghai, King George's Sound, Melbourne, Sydney, Mauritius: and Reunion." Although the English Ministers have sacrificed for ever all hold upon the friendly feelings of this country for Great Britain, we may state that none, perhaps, will entertain a warmer sympaty for Vic toria in this period of her domestic affliction than the people of the United States--New York Herald. The followiig praeticeal method of answering an appeal from Purgatory is due to a Limerick priest:-A woman in the county.of Limerick, who had recently buried her husband, was slarined by a knocking at her door. In reply to hersqueetian a hollow voice answered, "I am yaour husband, whom you buried, and I am very miserable im Purgatory till my. debts are paid. Sell the two pigs you have, and be sum to have the money for me on such a night, when I will call." The poor woman sold the pigs, and had the money; but before the time named for the second visit she told her priest. The priest said, "All very good, but, at the same time, have two police men in the house when you hand over the money." She obeyed her spiritual adviser, and the result was that the poliremen arrested, dressed in a shroad, with a whitened face, a naighbour, who was godfather to one of her chil dren. The ghost is now in Limerick gaol. The following letter wsee sent by a man to his son at Colleges--" My dear son,--I write to send you some new.socks, which your mother has just knit by cutting down seonie of mine. Your mother sends you ten pounds without my knowledge, and for fear yen would not spend it wisely, I lase kept bhcr half and only sent o-n live. Your mother and I are well, except that your sister lhas got the messles. I hope you will do honour to my teachings; if yeou do not you are a donkey, and your mother and myself are your affectionate parents." " UP a TEEE."-COLOnEL BULL eND THE YANREE 'CosC.-'Coosn: "Airyeu in amest, Colonel P' Cole. nel Bulli "I am." 'Coon: "Don't fire-I'll come doswe"-Punck. 