SOMETHING ABOUT LIFE ASSURANCE. From 'Sketches in Real Life,' by Solomon Snail, contributed to the Sydney Mail. (Continued from our last.) 'Well, thin, continued Nelly, 'it's more nor five years agone, that one day Paddy had gone to Maitland wid a dray- load of praties, and I feer'd he'd come home dhrunk, and cross enough to kick his mother if she came in his way. Och musha! thinks I, as I sat stitching away at Norah's Sunday frock ,that was mighty the worse for wear, Paddy'll be afther spinding more money to-day, in making a baste ov himself, then 'ud buy two new Sunday frocks for the dar- lint crater, and maybe git his head cracked into the bargain. And, ses I to meself, be jabers, I wish those hay- thens as made the grog, were forced to dhrink it themselves. Truth, they'd make a mighty small dhrop uv it thin I'm thinking; and jist as I wur larfin at the thought of it, I heard some one call at the door, so I jumps up, and shure enough there was a jintleman on horse- back, and a real jintleman he wur, too. 'Good day, Missis,' ses he; 'Arrah, good day, Sir,' ses I. 'Can yer be giving me a dhrink o' wather?' ses he. 'Troth, I will, Sir,' ses I; 'but maybe ye'd like a drop o' milk in it; or would yer take a pot o' tay?' 'You are very kind, Misses,' ses he; 'I should very much like a pot o' tay, this hot day; and if ye'll let me put my horse under the shed for a while, I'll step in and sit down, for I'm fear'd it's going to thunder.' 'Come in, and wel- come, Sir, ses I.' So in he came, and set himself down on a stool, and took little Patsy on his knee, whiles I slung the kettle over the fire, and put some tay in the pot. Thin he axed me my name, and I tould him; thin he axed me no end o' questions about our farm, our cattle, and everything we'd got, but all in a mighty civil way. Shure he was a tinder-hearted jintleman, and no mis- take. 'How many childers have yer got, Misthress Ryan?' ses he, as he sipped at the boiling-hot tay, afther I had filled his pannikin—we'd no cups and sarsers in them days. 'Jist three, Sir,' ses I--'Norah, and Patsy, and Denis the baby.' 'Well, I hope ye've bin afther putting money in the Savings' Bank, Misthress Ryan,' ses he, 'to provide for their dacent edication by and bye; these be very good times for farmers.' 'Troth, thin, Sir,' ses I, 'we've niver saved nothin, for we had to clare this bit 'o ground, and fence it, and build this hut, and pay for a hape o' things beside. And shure we'd nothin whin we come here fusht, savin (?) a hoe, an axe, a cross-cut saw, two spades, an iron pot, and a gridiron. Of course, we had the clothes on our backs, and our bed, to the fore.' 'Is yer husband a healthy man? ses he. 'Troth, thin, Sir,' ses I, 'he's healthy en- ough thank God: it's sthrong as a donkey he is, and well enough I know it sometimes, worse luck. Sorra a bit o' anything ails him, only whin he takes a dhrop too much, and gits a fightin; or tumbles off his dray, or the likes o' that.' 'Oh, dear! thats his failing, is it,' ses the jintleman. 'I was afear'd uv that, whin I fursht rode up to yer farm, and see'd the broken fince, and the pigs in yer garden, rooting up the praties wid their snouts. That's a very sad fail- ing, Misthress Ryan,' ses he; for though Paddy may now be strong, he is taking the surest course to become at waak man soon. Now, if it were to plaze God to take Paddy from yer, how would you and these poor childers be sitivated?' ses he. 'Och hone! sorra a bit uv me knows what we'd do, Sir,' ses I, 'for I've niver thought uv it, not I; but I'm a thinkin we should have more salt than enough for our praties.' 'Listen to me, thin, Misthress Ryan, ses he, 'an I'll tell yer of a chape, an aisy, and an excellent plan, to make a provision for yerself and these dear childers, in case poor Paddy should die and lave yer.' 'Shure, thin, I'll be much obliged to yer, if yer will be telling me that same, Sir,' ses I; 'for sorra a bit o' me likes to be depinding on the charity o' me neigh- bours, in case I should be left a wider. Och! it wouldn't be very fat I should git if I did depind on the likes o' that, I'm thinkin. Besides, Sir,' ses I, 'yer telling me anything won't make Paddy die a minute sooner, God bless him.' 'Yer quite right, Misthress Ryan,' ses the jintleman, 'and shure yer a sinsible woman. Well the hearken,' ses he. 'Paddy must insure his life! do yer un- derstand what I mane by that?' 'Be the hoky, I don't understand a bit of it, Sir,' ses I; 'it's a mighty quare thing for Paddy to do, I'm thinking, insure his life! Troth, I don't know what yer mane, at all at all; but he were very nigh insuring his death, the last time he come home from Maitland, for he got dhrunk, and fell off his dray, and the wheel wint nigh clane over his head, so it did. Insure his life! be the piper, thats a funny thing to do. I never hear'd tell o' the like afore. But pray how is he to do that same, Sir,' ses I, 'and per- haps ye'll be afther telling me, if I'm not too stupid to larn.' 'I'll make yer understand it in less time than it would take you to make a damper,' ses the jintleman. 'Ye've heer'd tell of Life Assurance Societies, I suppose, haven't yer?' 'Dash'd if I have, Sir,' ses I; 'or if ever I did hear of 'em, I didn't under- stand anything about them, for I niver had much edication, worse luck.' 'Well, thin, I'll tell yer in a few words all that is necessary for yer to know, to begin with. I haven't the time to stay with you jist now', ses he, 'but you can larn more about Life Assurance Socie- ties, at your leisure, and ye'd be mighty plazed to know of the grate benefits they have bestowed on hundreds, ay, on thousands of families, who, without them, would have bin left in poverty all their days.' 'Well, thin,' ses he, 'yer say Paddy is a healthy man, and he's jist forty years old. By paying somewhere about six pounds ten shillings a year, which is jist half-a-crown a week, you will be paid two hundred pounds whenever Paddy dies; or if you die too, yer childers will get the money. Yer can insure for a greater or lesser sum, at the same rate. Do you understand that now, Misthress Ryan?' 'Faix, that's plain enough, Sir,' ses I; 'but how is it to be done? Paddy's no scholar, will he'd only laugh if I tried to tache him.' 'It's as aisy as milking a cow,' ses the jintleman. 'Whist, now, Misthress Ryan and I'll tell you. There are several Insurance Societies in Sydney, and very good ones they are, too; and they have agents in almost every town in this col- ony.* There are several agents in Mait- land; Mr Blair is one of them: yer know him, of course?' 'Ah, to be shure, I know him, Sir,' ses I, 'as well as I know me brother Mike, axing his pardon for making so free-- and a mighty civil jintleman he is too-- be the same token--don't I buy books for Norah, out of his shop?' 'Well then,' ses the jintleman, 'if Pad- dy goes to Mr Blair, or any other agent that he likes better, and tells him he wants to insure his life, he'll tell him what to do in in a very short time, and shure it's as plain as at milestone, whin yer understand it. And yer may depind upon it, Misthress Ryan,' ses he, 'that is a safe and sartain bargain, and far bet- ter for you, than putting all yer savings into the bank, to pervide for yer family; for if poor Paddy should die (which may God forbid) the fust week, or even a day, after you had paid yer fust premium (or half-yearly or quarterly payment), you would be paid the two hundred pounds by the Insurance Society, sure enough. And the longer Paddy lived, the more yerself or the childers would receive at his death, bekase the bone houses accumulate, do you see?' 'Ugh, ghosts and goblins! I don't want to see em, Sir,' ses I: 'they'd frigh- ten the sowl out uv me intirely,' ses I: 'I'll have no truck wid these bone houses,' and I looked (?) an' quare like, I suppose, for the jintleman bursted out a larfin, and I fear'd he'd niver sthop agin. Prisintly he said, 'O, ye're a comi- cal crater, Misthress Ryan,' ses he; an' he grinned all the time as if I wos tick- ling his feet. 'But yer mishtake me altogether,' ses he; 'I did not say bone- houses at all! I said bonuses, which manes the profit of the business of the office, which ivery person insured will share. I mane iverybody who is in- sured in what a Mutual Assurance Soci- ety, like the one for which Mr Blair is agint,--do you understand me now?' ses he. 'O yis, I think I do, Sir,' ses I; 'and I only wish me darlint ould mother had a know'd as much, poor sowl, long while agone, and thin, mayhap, she wouldn't have had to go into the Benevolent Asy- lum afther me poor ould father died. Shure, thin I'll think a little more about Life Assurance, and I'll spake to Paddy about it, whin I catch him in a good hu- mour.' 'But there's one thing I must not for- get to tell yer,' ses the jintleman, 'and that is, Paddy must not git dhrunk, or the Assurance Offices will not insure his life at any price; you must mind that.' 'Do yer say so, Sir?' ses I, 'thin, be the powers, I'll make him insure his life, as shure as my name's Nelly, if it's only to sthop him from doing that same (?) thing. Gitting dhrunk is the only fault my ould man's got, that I can see. Faix I'm glad yer towld me that. I'll make him insure pretty quick; and I'll save the half-a-crown a week fast enough, out of my eggs and butther money; or I can do it in half-a-dozen other ways, I know. Arrah, long life to yer, Sir,' ses I, 'for ta- king the thruble to tell me about sich a chape plan for saving meself and the chil- ders from going a cadging all our lives, whin Paddy's dead and gone--supposing he dies fust. And maybe it will save him from gitting dhrunk and breaking his neck, one o' these days, poor fellow--for bye the (?) of making our home com- fortable and happy, in the meantime. Shure it will be a great blessing to us, and not a haporth less,' ses I. (To be continued.) * Dr. HALEY is medical referee and agent for Queanbeyan. 