MISS AITKEN'S ENTERTAINMENT. Miss Aitken, the Scottish tragedienne, made her debut in Ballarat last evening, in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, before a large audience, com- prising a great number of the leading inhabitants of the town. The Rev. Mr Henderson presided on the occasion, and in introducing Miss Aitken to the audience took occasion to echo the sentiments of Dr Bellowes upon the desirability of a nearer union of the providers of sacred instruction and the cater- ers of public amusement, deploring the too wide di vorce hitherto between' the two. Miss Aitken on presenting herself was received with a warm welcome, and the following prefacial introduction was read by her amid the frequent cheers of the audience. Thus far I've ventur'd from the old, old home, Stemm'd the great ocean wave, and hither come; And, if I tell tbe'river I love best— Through Scottish highlands flowing to the west, You'll own a fairer one did never glide, Than my own native stream, the classic Clyde ! Yet, kind the breezes which have blown me o'er, From dear old Scotland to Australia's shore ; And if you ask me what has brought me here, Shall I your frowns or e'en your censure fear, If, without blushing, I should make reply, It is my fortune I have come to try? Haîl ! great Australia ! though from Britain far, Her children meet together on thy shore ; Tho gallant Englishman, the brave, the true, Leal-hearted Scot here no old feuds renew, And yon Green Isle has here her darling son, To love or fight find me a braver one ! 0 ! sweet it is to hear the English tongue, The lute-notes which the Bard of Avon sung ; And sweetly falls upon my Scottish ear The homely accents which I love so dear ; And, as I listen to them, thus I say— This is no stranger land, though far away. So much for preface ; but no doubt you hope ; That I shall soon my ev'ning's budget ope, And spread the gems poetic which I glean From Shakspere to our laureate's May Queen, Then, enter, Bard of Avon, on thy stage, And let us read awhile thy golden page. Come, Walter Scott, from quaintly Abbotsford, And of our hearts proclaim thyself a lord ! With Jeannie Deans we'll tread the weary way, Miles twenty and a bittock in a day; Or list to Dandie Dinmont's swaggering glee— "Some guide their horse: I guar ma horse guide me." Come, Robert Burns, with wreath of heather crown'd, And roll thy homely notes the world around ; Till Tam o'Shanter rouse the haunted kirk. And ghosts flee out into the midnight mirk. Tell us of " Bonnie Doune," and " Bonnie Jean;" " Mary in Heav'n," within thine eye a queen ; The pious cotter's fireside ev'ning prayer, And that "a man's a man, " though he be puir ; And be thy theme a daisy, or the dread Brave words of " Scots wha hae wi' Wallace bled," We still shall love thee wheresoe'er we roam, The well-known minstrel of each Scottish home ! The bard of passion, languag'd from the skies, Byron, than king more great, than child less wise. Come, sing of classic shores, and thrill us through With deeds of valor at great Waterloo. Moore shall on Erin's harp strike melody ; Or, bid us, with the Peri, Heavenward fly. Come, Longfellow, and shout thy "songs of night ;" With fair " Evangeline" we'll take delight ; With " Hiawatha " we shall laugh and cry, Or with Excelsior climb though steep and high. Aytoun of " Scottish Cavaliers " shall tell, And of Queen Mary's fate shall Glassford Bell. And, as in poetry or prose I read, If for the time your thoughts I captive lead, And gather here a smile, and there a tear, Here mute attention, there perhaps a cheer, Thc artiste's wreath shall, in your smiles, be mine. More prized than nuggets of your gold most fine ! The programme lor the evening consisted of poeti cal selections from Shakspere, Tennyson, Burns, Scott, and other poets; Mr Marquis Chisholm adding variety to the entertainment by occasional performances on the harmonium. Of Miss Aitken's accomplishments as an elocutionist it behoves us to speak in high terms of commendation, for if she has not attained to the highest rank she has certainly fairly earned the reputation already accorded to her, alike by the home and colonial press. Her figure is graceful and her attitudes natural, and with a voice at once flexible and of considerable compass, she delivers her recitations with ease and dramatic effect. Although a Scottish lady, and able, therefore, to give to Scottish poetry all the peculiar charm of the " Doric " flavor, her readings of Eng- lish verse are pure as even the burly idol of her compatriot " Bozzy" would have desired. Every item of the programme was applauded to the echo, Mr Chisholm also winning several encores during the evening. Miss Aitken will give another entertainment on Thursday evening, that being announced as her last appearance in Ballarat dur- ing her present visit. For those who were present last evening this intimation will no doubt be suffi- cient to ensure their presence on Thursday evening. 