I A LITTLE MAGIC. j I own to a, weakness for odd out-of-the-waj books. Do not understand by this that I air one of those; bibliomaniacs who would givo nc enormous sam for a Breeches Bible, or . the editio princeps of a Greok claB9io. My transact tions with tho groat vendors of typographical rarities sro vory limited. I love to potter among old book-stalls, and instead of indulging in a propensity to fjivo a great doal for what is worth but little, I sacrifico small sums for articles that aro worth nothing at all. Á queer frontispiece, a strange title-page, an obsolete subject, are each of them quite sufficient to cause such a parting between myself, and my looso cash as fully illustrates the force of a well known Scottish proverb. Ono consequence of ray propensity has been on acquaintance with a certain class of booksollere who, though never numoroua, were moro so thirty yeats ago than .they are. at present. Those wore j the dealers in astrological, magical, and alche- mical books, old-fashioned mysterious-looking j volumes, not to be confounded with tho six j penny Fortune-tellers and Dream-books that appeal to the ploboian dosiro to penetrate tho . soorets of tho future. They wore : mostly in j shabby oondition, and when they were adorned with pictures, these were far moro attractive than tho lotter-pross, which, whatever was the language of tho author, was usually unintelli- gible Tho astrological troatises taught- -yoi how to oast your horóscopo in terniB so vague that a practical application o£ the rules 'wat IIwnply impossible. Tho nlohoraist spoke in ar allogorioal jargon, which was not to bo trans lated into tho language of instruction. Clearest . or all woro th0 mB)gioul books which contained rules for the exorcism of spirits,.but tnt invocations to bo used wero so horribly impioui that nöno but tho demons themselves would ?caro to road them aloud, and tho necessary pre poratlohs could only be made at a c.ó$t!of timi . labour that would provo far-too heavy for i dtfatUnto conjuror. Certainly, a moro usolcs'i I 11 sot'of booka could not have boen coll« '? I together thna thoso mystic works, trhiel \ ono time of roy lifo occupied much of my a , tiorj, though I hud no more faith ia their tents than tho rcost prosy gentleman wi ' literary studies nro coo fined to the perus ¡ the daily newspaper. The books wero odd I out of the way ; that was enough for me. Tho booksellers who sold tho rubbish \ mostly queer personages, and there < [ scarcely two of them whose dopartment of 1 : ness was precisely the same. I do not tl i thero was one who dealt exclusively in works to which I refer; but whilo in place magic was to bo found in company old-fashioned mathematics, it was olsewl associated with miscellaneous divinity, w a third vendor would combine it ¡with utterances of modern socialism. But dealers wero alike in- those partícula that they took enormous quantities snuff, which left permanent marks ou tl linen; that their coats were in'the condi popularly called seedy ; that their breath fi evidenco of a consumption of spirits in the fi noon ; and that they wore inclined to bo v communicative with their customers. By outlay of a few shillings it was easy to proc an hour or two of by no means ordin talk. As the persons who bought oddity merely oddity's sake could not form a largo class, 1 curious to know who were the principal p chasers of works on thoso occult sciences, wh have been exploded in tbo actual sciont world. They were not bound in a pecutic costly way to attract the notice of the weal bibliomaniac, nor could he respect thom curiosities of literature. At the same timo tl were too dry and too grim to tempt, tho nie girls who consult gipsies and buy ordin dream-books ; and too expensive to suit I pockets of that portion of the community tl might possibly be superstitious enough to rev ence their oontents. You will bdar in mi that I nm talking of thirty years ago, when I spiritualistic theories that are entertained many highly cultivated persons of tho prese day could soarcely be said to exist, and wh tho belief in anything like a ghost wns regard as the infallible sign of a defectivo education. From tho information 1 received in answer numerous inquiries, 1 arrived at the conclus! that tho students of occult science were for t most part persons who gained a scanty live hood by thoso occupations, of n sedentary kir. which are mostly pursued in solitude. OobbU especially are familiar specimens of tho class which I refer. Imperfectly educated, shut o from intercourse with their fellowmen, n engaged in a trade,.which employed the finge and left tho mind unoccupied, theso men cou wander in thought into tho most extraordina regions, and tho moro im initiative among the found a congenial aliment in works which spo] of a familiarity with spirits, and a power anticipate the revelations of the futuro. Tho who are excluded from tho actual world aro vc opt. to fashion a world of their own. Well, so anxious were theso poor cobblers fi the possession of unintelligible trash, that mar of them would pry for w volume priced (suy) thirty shillings, in instalments of s'xpemoe or shilling per week, fearful that the troiBuro migl bo snatched from their grasp if they did n " leavo sornothing upon it," and fondly loultir forward to the time when they would bo entitle to bear the pages of sham wisdom to their so laiy homes, I do not believe that a single or of them ovor attempted to hold converso wi tho spirit Aslaroth, or to discover the philos pirn's stono. But it WAS pleasant to reflect th the secret of performing these wonders was toi found at any rate on one's shelf, if not withi one's brain, and that, some day or other, or might possibly bc a magician. A fow, I thinl dabbled in astrology, but I um of oj inion thi tho predictions which they founded upon car fully constructed horoscopes, were nota quart« so satisfactory, so clear, or so exciting as thos of tho old lady who professionally "cut th cards" in tho nearest court, und opened th gatos of tho future to her udmiring customers i the small charge of ono shilling a head. Perhaps I have convoyed a wrong impressio by asserting that the books lo whioh I aliud aro not to be confounded with the commo Fortune-tellers and Dream- books which wor once sold at sixponco, and are now, believe, to be obtninod for a ponny. meant that in shnpo, size, style, and brcadt of subject, thoy are different, hut you mu; not itnngino thnt tho cheap school of magia: litoraturo is wholly unconnected wit tho other. Those littlo recoipts fir spells an incantations, which are conned over by many serving-maid, oro 60 many excerpts from large volumes, mide goodness knows when ; or at an rate, are rags and tatters of tho same science which is more ponderously ruprosonted in th thick quartos. Many persons will rebombe a sort of drawing-room Fortune-teller whiel made its appoarouco about thirty or forty year since, cost fi vc shillings, nnd was called Napa Icon's Book of Fate. Certain groups of asterisks which appoarcd in a large picture, had a g rea deal to do with tho procoss it recommended Well, theso groups aro tho signs belonging ti tho old scionce of geomanoy, they aro as rogu larly named as tho signs of the zodiac, and i chapter is devoted to thom by Henry Oornoliu Agrippa in his work on Occult Philosophy. . However, my object is not to draw a com ; psrison between ancient and modern magic, bu ! to toll a story which I picked up from «ono o my old booksellers, and which related to n worl that.he had sold many yoars before. This oh man watt tho only ono of all tho fratornity win regarded oouult science with anything Uko rc vorenco and faith. Tho rest, I should say soarcely bolioved in anything besides snuff au« gin-and-water. An old cobbler of Bartholomew-close, havinj i won a small prize in tho loltory, iu those goldoi days when tho names of Byssho and GoodluoL ; wero moro familiar to tho public than thoso o the greatest heroes, poets, or Btatesmon, resolver to shut up his stall, at least for a whilo, and tc sojourn with a rotative in tho oountry. - Ho wac i one of thoso humble- studonts of ocoult soioncc i to whom I have alluded, and ho attributed hi: i possossion -of a lucky number to tho skill witt i whioh ho had interpreted, a significant droam, ? -His tools woro dopoBited at ono of thoso con t venient establishments which, nro a'.wsys ready ) to effect small loans on fldcqnato socurity, the I koy was turned in his lock, his two or tit roo t ocoult books1 wero tucked under his arm, and his ? bodily solf .was convoyed on tho top of tho stago t coach to his relative's abode. For tho first day I or two evorybody seemed glad to soo him, but ) when old stories had boon told on both sides i pooplo . began r to 'wish that tho ' cob I bier ? had stopped in: London,, and the ?. wish-' .gained-'- in intensity. ns , tho j visitor's, p.urs,o . grew light. - Ha dUjd sud » denly, enough nfb oo'caslou a shook, which, per« J1 baps, vibrated through, tho vllloga for, a weok, Ibut tho (cars shod for him wera few, and i oven referred to his decease as a " good danoo." ; The volumes on occult science were the property lefe by tho cobbler. Ho hud r discoursed of them, and the good wife of house ficding'lhetn undor his bcd, end li<¿l on a tew words that seemed to have a pious nifiottion, concluded that they were "| books'* fitted for Sunday reading. She act iogly clothed them in greon baize and asstj to them the post ot houour on tho sidc-tat>l tho best room. An astrological chapter or malignant powers of Saturn confirmed he her opinion, for not being strong in orthogra she confounded the name of the planet with of tho arch-enemy against whom she thoug solemn and a wholosnme. warning had I written. Do not imagine that the good-wife a whit less shrowd than her neighbours in i tera which she perfectly understood. Even clever ns we all think ourselves, might arru a wrong conclusion aB to tho purport of a lt book if wo requited three hours to spell thro as many Hues, and were compelled, whenevei closed the volume, to stick a pia at tho p where our studies ceased for fear of losing place. Tho old lady, you perceive, wa9 perfectly ic sislonr, when one Sunday afternoon, hem her daughter Betsy complain of the hoad -a< she advised hor not to go to church, but by 1 of substituto to peruso one of her tiecon cousin's "good books." Betsy, left at ht by hei'solf, followed this excellent counsel, 1 hci' obedience was soon rewarded, 'or she ligh on a paga filled with most interesting 1 exciting mattor. Being a bettor acholar tl her mother, alie speedily devoured a ch ter, in which young ladies aro taught the of peeping so fir into futurity that they o> disco vor tho fica end figure of thoir fu'i husbands. The mem s r quisite to ob ain t desirable end were nv.st vurious, and some them so simple, th it one c uid only marvel tl h d not boen tried hy every damsel in I United Kingdom. There is, however, a cert amount of fear, that commonly standi in tho « of magical experiments, and that this fear not always unwholesome will bo proved by 1 story. Betsy had an invalid friend in the villnj who lived aline in a small cottage, and pass much of her time in an arm-chair. As Nan so I shall call her, could not move muoh, s indulged greatly in talk, and an acquuintar who would drop in and gossip was to her t most inestimable of blessings. Betsy ni another girl named Faouy were her most f qm nt associates, and tho new stock of learnii im purled by the former gavo quite a fresh to to tho ordinary conversation. Insteid talking scandal about their noighbom the girls actually began to conti; their discourse to matters that 00 pernod themselves. After much discussio it wa s resolved that one of the curious expo mcnts described by Botsy should bo mudo i due form, and tí'at Nnncy'd residen co should1'I tho scone of tho operation. Tho ciroumstan that thi9 ' must bo performed at midnighl pr sonted no serious difficulty. Of course git could not expediently tell their mothers tb they woro going to hold a sort of wifche sabbath for the sake of beholding thoir futn: hnsb-Aiidii, but then Nancy had only to soy th i she wa9 moro than ordinarily indisposed, an her two frionds had only to profess a boupvi lent desire to sit up with tho invalid, nud tht every obstnclo to tho meeting was;emovod. Tho required process was as follows :-A cali WAS to bo composed of certain materials, an pl.+ced on tho health Bhbrtly before midni^h Against thi9 cuke oach:of the girls was to lay knife belonging to herself, and thon all wera t watch in silenco. Ab)ut tho hour of- mid nigh tho apparition of the future husbands might li expected. Each of ihoso would take tho kai' belonging to his own bride, to whom ul >no h would bo visible, and would cut a slice of th cuke. On tho appointed evening all tho preparation had beou mado, with ono exception. Botsy \vh had bought a knifo from a travelling podlur th day betöre, had unfortunately mislaid it, so, a furas slio was concuniod, the experiment, i seemed, would bo imperfect. No matter, tho; determined to git on ns well as they could. Il iu trying to raise thron ghosts ono succeods ii rinsing two, it is not such a great failure afte all. Sa Funny and Nancy beth placed thr»i: knives, and Betsy joiuod thom in watching tin cake, all hooping tho required silence. As mid niyht approached they felt oppressed by a some what vague terror, and a very definite Bleepin'.s.0 while tito circumstance that tho fit o wont out and i lue not ono of them dared to reit indi t it, by no maana inoroascd tho cheeríú'noss o tho ceremony. They wero beginning to nod, and socm'cl fai m iro likely to behold their future husbands ir dretm-'und than on tho stirfuca of iho euri h when tho twelve successive bungs (if tho cb.ural: clock stiiking midnight mudo thom < p;n thoii oyes wide, and this done, they were by nc means inclined to rco'o3o thom, tor ovory ono ol them saw-something. Funny saw a young man of a neighbouring village, with whom eho had often flirted. He scorn sd to drop down tho chimney, nod to stare nt thc c.iko with stupid unoxpreasivo eyes. Al last he pickod up Fanny's knife, grocdily carved for himself an unbecomingly large slice of the dulictcy, wrapped it up in a oolton pucket hand- kerchief, crammed it into tho aidc-pookot of his cont, nnd vanished. Betsy, who had expected to soo nobody, be- hold rt perfect straugor, ovidontly a town-bred young man of somewhat superior station. Ha seemed wofully discomposed nt not finding thc knifo of his future bride, examined the oako on all sides, and glanced hastily round tho room, as ii ho hoped to detect tho missing nrtiolo in some obscure corner. His anxiety in tho mean- while became terrible, and at lust, with a look of tho most intense ogoriy, ho snatched from his pookot n clasp-knife, with which ho mado tho expeotod incision. Ho then dovourod tho slice with overy appparanco of doop abhorrence, and dashing bis knife furiously on tho ground, sank as it seomod through the floor. As for the poor invalid Nanoy, all sho saw was a coffin, which intruded, itself on tho mantel« piece, and Blood Uko n groat clumsy chimney ornament, bowing forward from time to timo, aa ii making a sort of ghostly salutation. . H< * " . Tho girls wero not vory comfortabionoxt day. Nancy's vision of tho ooflfm woo, of course^ anything but ohcoring to the habitually melan- choly invalid. Botfly's phantom, with his agony and his rogo, had not lookod very promising, and though she pickod up his knife, whioh, had re- mained opon, and carefully put it in a box do voted '"lo, tlio, safe oustody of nrtiolos precious ' rather, from their, .asBoalation .with somo^ sonti mont than from thoir . pecuniary.',,valúo, it WOB with a feeling of derided uneasiness. Fanny's shadowy sweetheart bad, indeed, loo! vulgar and commonplace enough, 1 (hore ls something avon in tho ru loutish of ghosts that will affect the equanim oftho most light-minded beholder. Let us now see how tho predictions of t! fatal night were- fulfilled. Fanny's affections, whioh wore not woi much, had for some (imo been pretty equa balanced between two young swains, whon will respectively call Hon and Nob. Choi indeed, was somewhat difficult in this case, exnotly did ono match the other in the abseil of every attractive quality. However, Ho! ugly spectre bad condescended to show itsc and Hob was therefore selected as t happy man. The marriage did r turn out very well. Hob soon began malee his wife uneasy by stopping vary li at tho ale-house, and then he reversed tho ci rent of her feelings by using her so ill, that s dreaded his return even moro than his absent Moreover, she had tho mortification of sceii Nob, who married an ugly girl from a neig bouring village, settle down into a very tbrivii and respectable clod. Betsy had almost forgotten all about the cal and knife, and was trying to look about for sweetheart among the home-produce of tho di trict, whon the London coach brought down smart commercial traveller, in whom she roco niBed, half with joy, half with terror, tl original of the shadowy portrait. Well, the was love at first sight on his part, and wh may fairly be called love at second sight c hors ; and when they wero married-which tin soon were-they looked a very promising coupl The bridegroom resolved to pass a week or tv in the village, and as ho happened at tho tin to have about him plenty of money, which L expended with liberality, ho soon became gen rally popular. This popularity, too, was se soaed with respect, for ha was quite enoug of n gentleman to be vastly superior to th rough-hewn dolts who constituted tho sociel of the village. As tho time for returning to London nj proached, Betsy began to pack up a few of he valuables, among whioh the box containing th knife was one of tho most important. It ha previously beon hidden in the corner of a cur. board, and as it was a cnrious-looking article elaborately ornamented with fantastic scroll of older-pith, it at onco attracted th attention of her husband. Harry-'tba was his name-took it up, carefully cxaminei tho curious pattern on the lid and sides, am opened it. Theo, os if immediately transfixei with horror, be let it fall with all its contents V the ground. Poer Betsy stared with all her m'ght, and wa about to inqniro into tho cause of thia perturba tioh, when he stopped her short, by hastily pick ingup tho knife, and exclu i ming, " Oursed witob where did you yet'this ?" Betsy, who did not exactly Uko to say, com menced a series of stammers and stutters, bu was soon relieved,from tho trouble of an expían afton "by her husband, who, maddened witt fury, shouted out: > ? "Wretch, on the night when I lost this knife, I was dragged by invisible hands, through a lake of burning brimstone, and suf- fered torturos that tho human tongue cannot desoribe." Betsy was on the point of saying " La !" or "Gracious!" or "Blow mo!" or some other short phrase rather indicative of surprise than intelligence, when 6he was stopped by her hus bind, who, with a frantic . gesture, bounded towards her, and plunged tho koife into her heart. . When the assizes carno on, Harry was tried I for murder ; but ho displnyod lo tho Court such I an uncommon familiarity with demons nnd ' witches; that although he fl .'unshod in the good old handing times, he was morely confinad for lifo in a lunatic asylum as an incurable mad« man. Tho disconsolate mother of Betsy, who after- wards hoard from Funny tho particulars of tho experimental night, resolved that tho wicked books should no longer remain in her house. However, being n thrifty darno, sho did not throw them into tho fire ; but taking ndvantngo of « journey to London, rosold thom very cheap to tho bookseller who had vended them very dour to Ibo defunct cobbler, and whoso »ame had been written on tho title-pngo. At thosamo time sho culled him nu abominable old mun, vindicating thia expression of opinion by telling him tho story whioh ho afterwards retailed to mo. . o * « Tho village wharo tho oven's Lbove narrated took plrcj is not very far from London, and shortly altor I bad hoard tho bookseller's talo I paid it a v¡9it. As I approached it, my oyo foll upon nn exocorlinjly dirty old woman, who a century or two boloro would ojrtoiuly have been barned for a witch, nnd who, with a ehort pipo in hor mouth, was busily engaged in picking up sticks and othor articles of small valuo hy tho roadside. Not noticing mo, she was talking to herself very hard : "Betsy murdered, and Fanny dead from ill usage, and I shall never gat married," said tho old orono ; " no, I sholl novcr got married, for I saw tba coffin, and tho burial-Jay is euro to como before tho wedding." " Why, bloss mo I" I cried out in astonish« menr, " you must surely bo Nancy 1" "Eh ?' ejaculated tho orono, fixing her sharp eyes upon mo. " Eh ? Yos, Nanny is my nomo. Though how you know that I don't know, and I don't oarc. But I hopo you'll givo mo a trillo to get soma tobacao." :> . I put half-a-erown. in her hand, when sho hobbled off as quick ns sho could,' without ut- tering a word of thanks. 