MELBOURNE NEWS. (Argus.) A small volume, by Mr. John Russell Sotliern, entitled " Zepliyrus and Other Poems," and pub lished by Mr. A. J. Smith, Swanston-street, con tains verses not without merit. They are evi dently the work of a beginner, and we "therefore do not desire to discourage the writer by criti cism, which is scarcely challenged by his modest attempt. We may say, however, that many of his verses are pleasingly musical, and indicate considerable comuir.wl of language, which here after may make the writer's name known among us.' We have always been desirous to'support native talent, and shall "certainly not forego our custom when a volume of native poems comes under our notice. We trust the public will fol low our example, andthat Mr.. Sothern may he encouraged, to cultivate his tasto and talent for •verse-writing. • ; (Age.') ; At the City Police-Court yesterday, three men, named respectively Edward Thompson, John Williams, and John Jones,whoVon the previous day bad been committed for trial for robbing a Chinaman in Little Bourke-strcet, were charged with stealing a cash-box from Bancroft's Hotel, on .'Monday last. No charge was pro'ved:against the prisoner Jones, but the evidence against the other two' was veryi conclusive; arid they were committed for trial. John Wilson, found guilty of stealing some ducks on the Heidelberg road and selling the same in Melbourne, was sentenced to four months' imprisonment, with hard labor. Elizabeth Birt, a woman of low repute, charged with stealing, a dress from one of her associates, was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment. The prosecutrix said she saw the prisoner. take the dress, and when asked why she did not prevent her, she answered very promptly that she was too drunk to move. (Herald.) . iThc demurrer in the case of Mr. Dill to the plea? by Sir Francis Murphy, as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, in the action for £10,000 damages for imprisonment for contempt,1 was ar gued yesterday,. betore the full court The de-: fendant pleaded—First, that the. plaintiff was the publisher of 1 a! certain newspaper, in which a libellous article appeared- relative to the Legisla tive Assembly; that >he was , summoned to the biir'ofthe House, to be questioned concerning the said articlc ; and that he disobeyed the summons, and' was sent for,' under the Speaker's warrant, and brought to the bar of the House in the cus tody ofthe Sergeaiit-'at-Ariris; 'second, that lie admitted.at, the bar of the House that lie was the publisher of the paper in wich the-'libellous article appeared, and in. consequence was sentenced to imprisonment for a month, provided the House was riot sooner dissolved'or prorogued; and third, that lie was summoned to attend at the bar of the House to give evidence'in matters under debate in the House at the time; that he wilfully dis obeyed the summons, and was in consequence committed to -prison- during ithe pleasure ofthe House, To these pleas the plaintiff entered the demurrer which was nou. tobe heard. The demurrer was that the, defendaiit's pleas were bad in sub stance, for that the Legislature of this colony'pos sessed no judicial or'inquisitorial functions analo gous to those of the High .Court of Parliament, and, therefore, had no such power as by the pleas appeared to bave been exercised, and that the powers, privileges, and immunities -of - tiie - said Legislature had not been..." defined" within the meaning, of the Constitution' Act. In addition to the matters of law stated'in;the body of the de murrer, the plaiutiff'. insisted on several j other points. After hearing counsel, the Court reserved judgment. , FATAL ACCIDENT FROM KEROSENE.—At eight o'clock on Thursday night Dr. Candler held an inquest at the Golden Gate Hotel, Emerald Hill, on the body of Mary M'Gee, who died under the following circumstances:—On Saturday week last deceased called the servant, Mary Ann Toohey, to put some kerosene oil on the top of the wick of a lamp. She accordingly poured some oil into the lamp while the deceased held a lighted match over it. Immediately a flame sprang up, and deceased fell on the floor. The servant started back, but soon discovered her mistress's clothes to be on fire. She thereupon opened the door, screamed out, and a person came to her assistance. There was a noise when the oil ignited. The globe and chimney were both off the lamp at the time the explosion took place. Deceased had been trying to light the wick some time before. Directly the oil was poured into the lamp there was a flame. Mr. Hippersley, a neighbor, who resided next door to deceased, deposed to hearing a noise similar to the tap of a large drum. He immediately ran outside, and met the servant maid screaming. He then went into the house where the explosion had taken place, and found the deceased in a kneeling position enveloped in flames. He wrapped a table cover over her, and the flames disappeared, and he at once applied himself to extinguishing the smouldering ashes on her dress. Dr. Haig, who was sent for, found the deceased suffering from burns about the arms, neck, face, and shoulders. Everything was done that was possible. She re- mained sensible up to Sunday. She did not im- pute blame to any one. Witness always under- stood that kerosene oil would not explode. He thought that it might be caused by the actual con- tact of a lighted match, but he did not think that the heated metal around the wick would,cause, the oil to explode. He had no actual knowledge of the properties of kerosene. He believed that paraffine would explode, and it was sometimes sold for kerosene. Mr. M'Gee, the husband of de- ceased, stated that he had purchased the oil from M'Ewan and Co., of Melbourne, and believed it to be of the best kind. He had placed the lamp containing some of the oil on one side since the accident. The Coroner adjourned the inquest until Tuesday, in order to obtain Dr. Macadam's analysis and evidence on the difference in the ex- plosive powers of kerosene and paraffine. — Herald. HORSES STOLEN BY BUSHRANGERS.—Informa- tion was yesterday received at the Detective office, by telegram from Deniliquin, that four horses bail been stolen from Sutherland's Station, it was suspected by a portion of Gardiner's gang, who are supposed to have divided, and some of them told off for the northern and north-western districts of Victoria. The animals stolen are des cribed as follows :—A bay mare, branded UG on near shoulder, 3 on near ncck, hind feet white ; a roan mare, branded II on near shoulder ; a brown col) marc, star on forehead, X on near shoulder, has been staked on one of her fore fetlocks; a roan horse, branded M on off shoulder, slightly hipped on the off side.—Ar$ns, 5th July. Tiib Government Cauiuage S'rors the Way. —•The train that should have reached Ballarnt on Thursday evening at a quarter before four o'clock did not arrive until after five o'clock, owing to its having been delayed lully an hour at the Lai Lai station until a special train, with the Hon. Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Higinbotham, and some other Go vernment officials had passed en route for Geelong. Why a train with a large number of passengers should be kept waiting at the place alluded to, for the accommodation of the persons mentioned, we are at it loss to conceive. The train due at eleven o'clock p.m. did not reach Ballarat until past twelve, thus causing no little inconvenience to the passengers, who had to seek lodgings for the night or who had any distance to travel, in order to reach their homes. It shows a great want of foresight on the part of the railway authorities that the puttinir on of one special train should cause such a delay, and we may also fairly ask, what need was there for a special train at all ? Surely Mr. Mitchell cannot think that his conve nience is to be consulted without reference to the convenience of the public, and he might have ar ranged his appointment, so .is to meet the times of the ordinary trains. We trust that at future in terviews with deputations the interests of the pub lic will be consulted, as well as the ease of the members of the Ministry, who may honor us with their presence.—Star, 4th July. . Attempt at Eavf,—On Thursday evening, between five and six o'clock, n girl_ about 14 years of nge, while returning from Creswick towards her home—Cobbler's Gully—when-near Jordan's, be tween Armstrong's and her own bouse, wis ac costed by a man who offered to carry her bundle. On her refusing: to let him have it (slie believed ho intended to rob her) he took hold of her, threw her on the ground, took a bottle of dark liquid out or his pockct, forcibly. opened her- mouth, and poured the fluid in, nil the while kneeling on her breast. Fortunately the girl managed toejcct the liquid, and whilst 'the man brutally kicked her and subsequently made an attempt to ravish lier person, she successfully resisted, and her continued scrcanis saved her, the brute, fearing assistance to be at hand, ran away. A warrant has been issued for his apprehension. He is about 28 years old, 5 feet 5 or G inches high; slender build, very dark complexion,^ black curly hair, slight black mous tache, no whiskers, very thin face, small mouth, forehead a little wrinkled, large dark eyes,, small nose slightly turned up, general appearance low, spoke witli a slight lisp. He was dressed in woollen cord trousers; short coarse black cloth coat, worn buttoned up ; white shirt; dark blue necktie; dark lawn-colored wide-awake hat; blucher boots. He had with him a medium- sized dog, without collar, black, with light brown head. We hope to see the ruffian soon brought to jus tice.—Cresitic/t-Advertiser. Tiik Western Separation Petition.—Much disgust is felt in the extreme West at the conduct of Sir Henry 'Barkly in keeping back the Separa tion Petition placed in his.lmnds for transmission to our Sovereign Lady the Queen. The petition wasreceived in Melbourne in good time for trans mission by itlipSMay mail, but both that and the June mail have been-, allowecl to go without the petition Surprise," says the Portland Guar dian, "is felt that the Governor should have handed the document intended for the Queen to a colonial 'cabinet, and indignation that the cabinet should so far forget,duty to the Sovereign, as to detain for three' months'a petition which, as a matter of etiquette, should have been at once for warded. Sir Dominic Daly of South Australians a model governor, and scarcely a minute was lost, certainly, not a day, ,till the counter- petition from Mount Gambier whs forwarded. Why, it may be.asked, was not n similar course adopted here in respect to that signed by over 1,500 of Her Ma jesty's loyal subjects and which now lies, perhaps, mildewed in an executive pigeon hole ? We en tertain toojiigh an opinion of Sir. Henry Barkly to suppose for. one moment that lie would lend himself to such an unwarrantable proceeding ; his whole career in this colony shows that he is a gentleman, and is above trickery but can the same be saidl of.all his advisers? * * * i* Another.month, we are told, must elapse before all> the talents in the.Victorian Cabinet can deviBC a counter statement calculated to throw cold water on the scheme."—Geelong Advertiser. The Earthquake, which was reported as hav- ing occurred on Thursday afternoon, was also observed at the Flagstaff Observatory. A slight tremulous motion, apparently from a northerly towards a southerly direction, was felt at seventeen minutes to five p.m. The vibrations were slight; but quite distinct, and lasted for about two seconds. The magnetic instruments, acting in such cases also as sismometers, oscillated rapidly; and it would rather appear, by a superficial examination of the observations, that one or two of the piers were slightly displaced by the effect of the shock, than that a striking change took place in the value of the magnetic elements. No noise was heard, beyond that fully accounted for by the vibration. The weather immediately before the occurrence was dull and threatening, and a smart breeze blew from N.N.E., which by seven hours shifted towards N., bringing heavy rain for the rest of the day. The barometer was steady throughout the 3rd, the daily range amounting to only 0'088. in. The mean for the day was 29.936 in.; at four hours the pressure of air was 29.895 in.: at five hours, '29*892 in.; and at six hours, 29'890 in ; after that' time it began to increase, until after midnight, when it again decreased. The tem perature of air. showed a daily "range on the 3rd of 5 deg. .2 min., and a mean value of 45, deg. 1; rain., the- temperature-.of.'air at -the- time of the occurrence being 46 deg. 8 min.-, which value it retained .for; several. hours.previously and after wards. The electrical tension of the'atmospherc was very slight on the 3rd, as it was on the 2nd of July, but there was no indication of a thunder storm or lightning during the evening. The amount of rain collected at the Observatory until six o'clock yesterday morning was 0.528 in. By means of the electric telegraph, information was received that three distinct shocks were felt at Kensington, near Adelaide, and that at ten minutes to six p.m. a thunderstorm passed over that locality. The earthquake seems not to have been observed at any other telegraph station in South Australia; the same applies to Sydney and the stations in New South Wales; while at Queenscliff, Taradale, Creswick, and in the vicinity of Melbourne the shocks were distinctly noticed. From the remainder of the stations within the colony of Victoria intelligence was received that nothing was felt. The shock was severely felt in a house at Toorak, situated on the top of the hill in the Boundary-road. The house shook, and the corrugated roof of the verandah rattled from the effect. At the same time a noise, like a heavy carriage crossing a bridge, was heard, and the inmates, much frightened, left the house and went outside, to see what was the matter. The house, a brick one is substantially built.—Argus, 6th July.—The Geelong Advertiser says, "that the shock of an earthquake was felt at the Little River on Thursday afternoon, at about six minutes to five. It was preceded by a rumbling noise, like distant thunder. The slates of the Catholic school-house rattled as if the whole roof had been shaken. The oscillation was very per- ceptible, and appeared to come from the north- west. It lasted about a second and a half. The station master describes the shock as bearing a very great resemblance to the reverberation pro- duced by a very heavily-laden train at a rapid rate. All the earthenware and glasses in the house were violently shaken. Mr. M'Williams, the constable in charge, who was at the time engaged in attending to his horse, describes it as if the animal had taken a shivering fit." A similar shock was reported by a Melbourne contemporary as having been felt here about the same time. But it was so slight as not to have attracted general attention.—Herald. A Dangerous Neighborhood.- We (Mary borough) seem to be particularly favored with " sticking-up" adventures lately, and begin to. think Maryborough"must he haunted with the genius of Gardiner, or that .the ghost of Dick '1'urpin or Mr. Jeremiah Abaslmw has taken a moonlight fly to " our Antipodes," as we are called at home in all the after-dinner speeches about Australia. Mr. Hancock, our Volunteer Drill instrtictor, was.on Tuesday evening returning from (Jarisbrook to Maryborough. When about a mile and a half from home, a tall, stout man, in dark clothcs, darted from behind a bush, and ordered him to stop; 011 which Mr. Ilandcock naturally replied " he would rather not, as he was in a hurry," and proceeded to prove his assertion, after hearing an oath and a threat from the intruder on his path, by running off as fast as lie could, followed by the man ; hilt Mr. Hancock's training- was too good for the stout stranger, and he fairly outran him, but not without snlloring much from his exertions, and the imagination of the consequences of his being overtaken. Before reaching home a man on horseback, a Mr. Row, we understand, rode up in the same direction, and lie also complained of a man, answering the same description, having attempted to seize the bridlu of bis horse, ordering hi'ii to "stand;" whereupon lie plied whip ami spur, and made for the town. There certainly have been three or four strange looking men huvermg about the place, upon whom the police have had a vigilant eye, and, coupled with recent events, it is not improbable that a gang of fellows who would rather steal than work may he in the neighborhood.—M, end D. Advertiser. THE TALBOT PUBLICANS AND THEIR LICENSES. —The plot thickens—summonses have been issued, returnable to-morrow, against Messrs. Law, Brow,. Day, Buttler, Colyer, Rice, Wrigley, McClelland, Medley, Maloney, Nickless, Meriton, Lange, Nicholl, Elder, Barr, and D'Arcy—for that they did, on the 1st July, have on and about their respective premises certain sign-writ- ings, glasses, jugs, bottles, bars, and other indica- tions, thereby giving reason to believe that they were at the same time duly licensed to sell spirits. Most of our renders are aware that with one ex- ception the publicans of Talbot have not taken out new licenses, and as their old ones expired on the 30th June, they are now unlicensed, and come under the comprehensive term of sly-grog sellers. When their licenses expired the publicans, took the precaution to efface the word "hotel" from their signs, but as the police are of opinion that the ap- pearance of their premises lead persons to believe that they are licensed houses, they have summoned them with the view of determining whether the obliteration of the word "Hotel" prevents the oc- cupant of the premises from being subject to a fine. —Talbot Leader, 4th July. Mr. Cathie has changed his mind about re signing, and is determined for the present to retain the privileges of an M.L.A., which to a man tra velling frequently between Melbourne and the metropolis of the-Western gold fields nrc of some consequincc in a monetary point of view. Cathie is a philosopher, and thinks it matter of opinion whether he has kept his pledges or not, or fulfilled the duties he has undertaken.—Melbourne Corres pondent Tribune. Mr. G. C. Lhvet, the member for Normanby, addressed a meeting of his constituents at Port land on Saturday evening last, ami in reply to taunts' which were levelled at him of being nothing more than the " whippcr in" for the Go vernment, ho said,—we quote from the Guardian: —a lie had been called by the Guardian, the Ministerial1 whippcr in,' and he was rather proud of the office, which was one of importance, as some of his constituents might find if a situation was wanted."—-Ape. ' Lachlan Telegrams.—"We hardly know how to deal with with our Sydnoy telegrams in refer ence to the Lachlan. We must insert them, wc suppose, as current rumours in Sydney, but we feel it hard to believe them reliable. By way of the Ovens wo get accounts so flatly contradictory of those we reccive from Sydney, as to make us stand i in doubt ot the whole. The degree of reliability, wo must say, however, inclines to the Ovens side. According to our latest accounts from the Lach lan, via Beechworth, the escort of Saturday week only took down 1,497 ounces of gold; and now via Sydney, we are asked to believe, that the escort for this week will be 23,000 ounces. We would not have our readers place too much reliance upon this. It seems as though these reports were got up to entice population there recklessly, and they , should be well sifted by parties thinking of pay I ing the Lachlan a visit. Wc all know how greatly ; the amount of gold said to have been taken by Gardiner and his gang from the escort was exag gerated. And from watching these telegrams, and comparing them with the accounts in the Beech worth and Ovens papers, there is, we think, too much reason to believe that this is done systema tically. However, wo thus just hint to the matter and leave others to form their own judgment upon it.—Herald, 5th July. i Serious AiTRAr.—On Saturday night last two diggers, named Williamson and Kecgan, quarrelled at the Camp Hotel, and being prevented from fighting there, they agreed to meet on the follow ing morning (Sunday), near Commissioner's Hill, to " fight it out" for 4U a side. At the time and place appointed tho combatants met, and, as wc are'informed, one of them was declared the victor in the course of two rounds. In the first round Kcegan was knocked down, and the second time they seized hold of each other and wrestled for the fall, when they both came down together. Keegnn was picked up by his second, who noticed that ho was paralysed throughout the whole body. Ilis friends, believing he was dying, sent for Dr. Galbraith, who on examination recommended his removal to the Hospital, where he now lies in a ;riiost dangerous state. Williamson slioTtly after wards heard frojn someone that his late antago nist was dead, and. lie, with his seconder at once proceeded to the camp and gave themselves in charge. Here they remained in a state of sus pense easily imagined until the police ascertained whether or not Kecgan was dead, which happily was not the case. We trust this circumstance, and its probable fatal termination, will servo as a warning to those, whoever they may be, of the danger of countenancing . or taking part in such exhibitions rendered doubly glaring in this instance by the wanton desecration of the Sabbat f Ararat Advertiser. Prescience Fatally- at Fault.—The Lach lan Observer says :—" A very reniarkab'e in stance of mistaken prescience, took, place a few days ago, in connection with the late robbery of the gold escort, the narrative of which mils some thing, afterthis fashion. One > of the guard, named Ilaviland, in adverting to his escape from the Engowra Creek onslaught, remarked that this wns -the third occasion upon which he had been fired at without injury, and he began to think it was not his lot to die by the bullet. Very shortly after, an explosion was beard, and the individual in question fell back in his seat. Upon examina tion it was discovered that he was shot under the chin, and that the ball had entered the head, pro ducing almost immediate death. The first im pression was that the deceased had committed suicide, and had been attempting to ward off sus picion of his intentions by prognosticating ex emption from the kind of dea! h lie had died. A further examination, however, proved the incor rectness of this supposition, as it was discovered that one of the barrels of a pistol enclosed in a case which lay in the hottom of the coach had discharged, and in discharging, had blown a hole through the case. Amongst other observations made by the deceased, prior to the tragic event, was one to the effect that as soon as he arrived at Orange, he would telegraph to his wife in Sydney, to allay any alarm she might entertain for his safety. Mr. W. 0. Wbntwortii.—To appreciate rightly the true value of Mr. Wcntworth's services, Ave must carry ourselves back some forty years in the history of colonial government—to the early days when Victoria was not, and Port Phillip was an unknown appendage of the penal settlement of I New Soritli Wales—when Sir Thomas Darling ruled a colony as lie would a sutler's camp, and there wns no other law but that of Downing street. In those days, which an; just as much a portion of Victorian annals as the Revolution of 1688 belongs to the history of the United States, William Charles Wentworth stood alone as the strenuous and undaunted champion of liberal principles. To his untiring exertions, at that time but ill-appreciated and poorly seconded, the colony was indebted for the first establishment of a free press in .Australia. To him also belongs the credit of baring commenced that long and ar duous struggle against the irresponsible semi military despotism of Sir Thomas Darling and his successors, which ended in tho concession of a partial measure of self-government to the colony. ] —Argim, 5th July. '■ Colonial Iron Pipms.—'Engineers have I hitherto been very decided in their belief that it is much cheaper to send to Europe for iron pipes than to have them manufactured in the colony. Some letters which have appeared in this journal have gone to show that the reason why colonial made pipes are so dear is because there has not been a sufficiently large quantity of work to enable the iron-founders to carry on the manufacture in the cheapest manner. The two Councils, at the meeting held yesterday, resolved to give the colonial manufacturers a chance of competing with the home ones for the pipes required for a water water supply to R:illarai, so that there will be a practical test, of what tho colony can do in this particular branch of' manufacture. We trust that our local iron-founders will be able to show that they can do the work at a sufficiently iovr price.— ' Star. 