AM A TE UR PERFORM A KCE. [COMMUNICATED.] On Tuesday last, a complimentary benefit to Mr, J. W. Massev, in the shape of an amateur performance, took place at the Kangaroo Theatre, under the patronage of the Ancient Order of Foresters, the members of Court Tarrangower forming a tableau on the stage during the reading of the prologue, of which, more auon. The object, occasion, and aim of this slight testimonial to one n ho has ever exerted himself in the cause of charity, are sufficiently known and understood in this district, and tbe esteem, and respcct in which Mr. Massey is held was fully testified by the really " bumper " house of Tuesday night We have-seldom seen a more crowded audience in this oft-crowded theatre, and we are happy iu being able to say that tbc receipts of the performance amounted to something like .£45. Considering the general commercial dalness and the universality of the complaints of "bad times," we feel proud indeed, in chronicling this substantial proof that the people of Maldon have, on this occasiojv tlPPC themselses .the honor of thus substantially acknowledging their debt of gratitude to a gentleman whose kindly' heart was ever seoonded by liis willing and able head in augmenting tbe funds of our Hospital or any other benevolent fir charitable institution or undertaking. To the Maldon amateur dramatic society the loss of Mr. Massey will be great, indeed; the respect in which he was held by members, independent of liis superior skill and judgment in aught appertaining to theatrical effect, was evident not only in his appointment as stage -manager, but by the deference paid to his advice, and success attendant on all his efforts to promote the iiistrio'nic efficiency of the corps. Tbe performance commenced with some very excellent singing, in which Mm. Mitchell, Mrs. Cook and Dr. Kupferberg particularly distinguished themselves, and were much and deservedly applauded. Mr. Moon and his dog brought down roars of laughter, and acted their parts most excellently. We say tlteir, for in truth the quadruped in this scene has a part to play, and many a tiped may do worse than take pattern by his quiet natural and unaffected demeanour. In tbuF, as also in liis comic singing, Mr. Moon showed himself an. efficient in the aits of laughter provoking humour, and did not, as is too often the case, forget the gentleman in the low comedian. Mr, Paulson, of the Castlemaine Volunteer Rifle Brigade Band, and "whom by the way we have elsewhere erroneously styled the band master, gave a fine solo on the cornopean after one false start, caused, as he informed us, by the accidental insertion of a valve the wrong way; he kindly responded to a loudly demanded encore. Ou the scenes from Hamlet with Mr. Massey as " the prince," we need not dwell, all who kuow him know that lie needs not praise of ours. As usual, he was truthful, vivid and natural; avoiding all exhibition of rantaud passion, he followed cbsely the-advice of hisp-.ototypeto "ouit the action to th« word and the word to the action;" he, leting discretion be his tutor, held the mirror up to nature in a way that could not fail to satisfy any but a hypercritical audience. Mr. Horublower, as the Ghost, was effective and good—his intonation low, yet distinct -and audible, was well suited to the difficult part he enacted—a little more attention to the aspirate and he would have been faultless. Mr. Felix's reading of the "Hannted House," was-good so lor as it went, and Mr. Peterson's i itpersonation of the Australian. Hercules called forth peals of laughter. \- The performance was brought to a most successful termination by a negro entertainment, in which the exertions of Messrs. Tate and Peart were especially worthy of note, the manner in which the latter gentleman got through his plantation dance; although for several days previously, suffering; from rheumatic pains,- did liim great credit- The singing of the darkies was loudly applauded," and thelocal hits (some of which, to. our judgment,- were a trifle too hard)—of course caused" roars of- laughter. During the evening Mr. Massey appeared before tbe curtain, and sud :—Ladies and gentlemen, —I appear before you for the iast time to perform the paiuful duty of bidding you jarewell. I cannot but acknowledge with feelings of gratifcude tbc kpuiuess L iaye received, at your hands. I assure yon "iill this jwor turmdif of life is jo'er" they will be deeply .and indelibly impressed pn my heart I tiiuik you for the compliment J>ou have paid mB toigk^ «nd for the liberal indulgence with which'- ypa|h*ve-at all timee Wsarded my humble efibrxs to amuse you. I hieg to thank the ladies and gentlemen who have assisted in this evening's; entertainment, -and with cveiy wish for your health, happineSB ttnd proBperity, allow me to bid you alongifnotalaatia^iAfc " .-..J.. .. . . Mr. Massey was -warmly- grabbed on liis entrance and exit .. ^ i Of 8ouise, : in a Complimentary benefit Of this > nd, wbere and all liavt volunteered to' do weir best for a most popular-arid ' praise-. worthy object' the rod of criticism is seldom a called inte nse; and the ausUence, wko go with a full intention of being pleased, overlook any little short-comings that may occur; but we fed that our notice of this .performance would be incomplete if it passed without striclkre the prologue "iwiitten," 1 as anhcmnccd in the advertisements, by T. C: Cooper, Esq., and spoken by Mr. .Felix. We beg 4® record our sincere - pity for tbe last-named gentleman, in being made the mouth-piece for such miserable doggrel. We had always giyeu Mr. Cooper credit for rather more than the ordinary amount of sense, and the greatness of our surprise at the paltry " hotch-potch " (we know no.better word) appended, our readers will readily guess. To deal leniently with such a production would be to participate in its absurdity and, therefore, we cannot but use strong language, feeling that it is absolutely necessary, to make an impression on one who oould calmly allow his name to appear in public print attached to such trash as this precious prologue. We confidently bid the "Starof Chewton " to "palehisineffeetual fires" before the "Swan" (delicacy alone prevents our writing Goose) of Maldon. The greater portion of tie composition is, to our fancy, adapted more for an appeal on behalf of a ragged school, hospital, or lunatic asylum. The effusion in its entirety being appended hereto, "with all its imperfections on its bead," we leave the public to judge if our sense of indignation has, or has not, justified these strictures on our worthy, but by no means poetical fellow townsman, who, doubtless, thought he "Could a speech produce mnch to the purpose ; But, being tried, it died upon tile lip, _ > Faint as a chicken's note that has the pip." THE PBO&OGCE.; Happy the man to whom indulgent Heaven, With bounteous hand decrees the health Which mocks the approach of fell disease ; Whose nervous sinews, freshly braced by temperance, Fit him to battle with the world And fight his way 'gainst adverse fortune, Whose only care is centred in the loss or gain Of unenduring distinction. On whom Afflictions hand has pressed too lightly e'er to leave The lasting traces of its painful visitation. But who amongst tbe stalwart host of men can say How soon the retribution of bis God-may o'ertake him. And witli unerring justice, rob him of all his boasted strength. Who hath not ma.ked how oft tbe vaunting hero of to-day Is bnt tbe mangled sufferer of to-morrow; Tbe hectic flash of fever in his cheeks, The listless hand that lies in feeble helplessness Upon the bed of torture, proclaims him the sad recipient Of the charitable aid we owe iu duty to our God an neighbor. Without the friendly help which smooths the pillow of affliction, And adds a solace to each suffering sense, what nameless agonies Doth the neglected outcast suffer, whose parched and fevered lips Iu silent misery beseech the water ne'er to be supplied him. Alas! how often in this workday world of ours The miner (subject to daily peril) makes no provision for the hour Wkeu cumulative misfortunes seize upon him, When accident may stretch him on a bed of sorrow. From which he ne'er may rise again, but with the loss of limb. His wife and children, lamenting o'er his loss Feel the sharp sting of poverty added to their grief. Friendless and lonely, to whom -shall they apply For succour and assistance, but to the band of -men- Who hold tile first and greatest commandment To " love their neighbours as themselves." The aid we give to heal" another's woe, may, ere another sua shall set, Be by ourselves required. How worthy then the efforts of our little band, Struggling for years, with unpretending earnestness To yield assistance to those philanthropic institutes, . . Die last sad refuge of distress and poverty. To- night we meet to bid "God speed" to one. The mainstay of our club—whose time and trouble Was ever cheerfully given in a noble cause, Who bath in turn received an application of the rod " - Which chastens and subdues. "God speed" liim on bis way, And may the watchful care of Providence Protect him on bis journey hence. He goes To other lands where, let us hope that changed associations* Will in the course of time remove The load of melancholy that sits so heavy on him. This last and proper tribute to his worth, Is but an earnest of the right good will we bear .him In the hour of sorrow, sickness and desolation, May he ever find friends willing To do by him as he has unto other done. 