NATIVE SUPERSTITIONS AT WANGANUI \---4-- (FROM THE WANGANUI CHRONICLE.) When the expedition recently up the Wan ganui, on a geological survey, returned, they reported that the natives were much engaged in killing lizards, in order to obtain which, they were cutting down useful and ornamental trees, such as the beautiful and fruitful karaka. This curious proceeding took its rise at the head of the Wanganui, and has been gradually travelling down the river, until it has reached this neigh borhood. Doubtless, many of the settlers have during the last few weeks, seen a large band of natives, of from 100 to 200 in number, walking in single file, along some route, which no reason- able motive could be thought of for their taking. Perhaps a short statement of the mysterious movements may be interesting, and hence we relate a ceremony that took place some days ago at Kaitoki Lake, about two miles from the town. It appears that the natives of this river are at present afflicted in various ways. There has been great sickness among them for years past; fishing has not prospered this season; and various other matters have been adverse. They ascribe this to the anger of their ancient deities. These gods they have not wholly cast off. There is still a lingering feeling of veneration for them; at the same time they are not worshipped as gods. Therefore, they are angry, and have brought these afflictions on their backsliding votaries. The natives think that it is high time this power was brought to an end, and that this may be accomplished by finally and forever abjuring these atuas (gods) and makutus (magic art-) and worshipping alone and undi videdly the true God, these gods must be de stroyed as well as cast off; and the natives are going about the country collecting them for this purpose. They are found in the shape of lizards, spiders, &c.; In this neighborhood they began to collect these objects about a month. ago, and on Saturday, the 1st inst., there was a large gathering of natives at Kaitoki to witness their destruction. About the middle of the day a large number of lizards were brought in in bot- tles which were hung on a fence surrounding a small piece of ground about six feet square. A priest took the lizards out of the bottles and examined them carefully. Some he threw away as being lizards and nothing more. Above twenty of them he returned to the bottles, with the exclamation, " This is for us !' intimating that each of these was an attua. A fire was then kindled in front of the fenced square, and a large iron pot hung over it. A large number of articles of apparel, and other things, such as wooden meres, &c.;, were, at the desire of the priest, brought forward and burned. These articles were supposed to have been tapu'd along with some ground in the neighborhood, from which, by this ceremony, the tapu was removed. The lizards retained in the bottles were then emptied into the pot and burned to ashes: the remains were then emptied into the fire, into which potatoes were put to be roasted. When the process of cooking was accomplished, the priest invited all who were sick, or who had sick relatives, to come forward and receive a po- tato, which would be an infallible cure. No disciple of Holloway could have outdone the by- standers in credulity, and a general rush was made for the potatoes, which will no doubt do some good through the force of imagination. The gods that had been caught being thus de- stroyed, the tapu removed from the land, and the diseases caused by the atuas cured, the pro- ceedings of the day were brought to a close by the reading of the Church of England evening service with due emphasis and solemnity. During the ceremony there was a good deal of laughing and joking, most of them present seem- ing to look upon it as a piece of fun, notwith- standing the solemn declarations of the priest, that what appeared to them only harmless lizards were known by him to be powerful spirits, who might wreak their vengeance on them if despised. The same ceremonies have been going on in other parts of the district, and were only brought to a close lately, when it was supposed that a full end had been made of those evil spirits, which had been causing so much trouble. No one who remembers the faith which even yet lingers among the lower classes in the home country in fortune- tellers, in ghosts (and this superstition is shared in by the more educated classes - witness the "Night Side of Na- ture," &c.;), and fairies, can wonder that in the short period during which these people have made a profession of Christianity, these super stitious feelings and practices have not entirely died out. The wonder may rather be at the enlightenment which causes most of them to look upon these ceremonies as calculated to amuse and excite laughter, rather than as to be regarded with veneration and awe. 