i5=STHE icT I H OLl O UNIVERSITY. ,-^HE ARCHBISHOP OF NEW YORK'S ^-T ? SERMON. & T7-« Grace took for his text :-' Woe to you, lawvtrs for you bave taken away the key «t Sedge; you yourselves bave not entered in. and those that were entering in you bave bind Arpd ' Luke. xi. 52. « He said :-In a foregoing portion of the chapter from which tbese words are taken, our Lord 'enounces, even in their presence, ihe hypo, my* end superior pretensions, of the Pharisees. In the 45th verse, one of the lawyers, answering, ?aith to him, ' Master, in thrse trings thou re iroacbestus also.' But He said v Woe to you, lawyers, also, because you load men with burthens ' 1.G.1, the* rannot bear, and you yourselves touch not tbe packs with one ot your fingers. And in the 52nd verse, as you have just bfard. } ?'?'??? He again says, but for a different reason, - Woe to you, lawyers, for you have ti.kf n away the key of knowledge ; you yourselves bave not entered in and those who were elites ing you- have hindered.' Lawyers among tbe Jews were those 'r .' who devoted themselves to the interpretation of ? the Books of Moses, which contained the whole ' ? constitution, both civil and religious, of the Jewish people. Our divine Saviour rebukes them. ??? for tbe difficulties which they multiplied in order ???'-?: to prevent the simple-minded of their countrymen from adopting the true sense of tbe inspired book They were the expounders of the law, while tbe Pharisees affected to fulfill its requirement? to the very letter, and then claimed homage on account of tbeir sanctimonious bearing. Tbe occasion, 'dearly 'beloved brethren, which has brought you '''together on tbis day, and all the circumstances -?? connected with it, naturally suggested the text ' which I have chosen. The Pharisees, the Sad-. 4ucees of modern times, and even those to whom ? taB been entrusted the enactment of just laws or, the just interpretation of those laws, as applied at \- ] east to the Catholic people of Ireland, bave all ?r teen -concerned in imposing burthens of their f ellow- men too weighty to be borne, and have ?c'' iiktwise attempted to seize tbe key of knowledge; ? and wbil-st they themselves have not cnfered in, ?'' they have hindered those who were entering. It \- is not for me to pronounce any woe against them. (God is their judge, and to Him at least, if not to jnen, they must one day render an account of their stewardship. This individual who ad dresses you has always advocated the diffusion of ''true knowledge, and in the country to which he -now belongs has not ceased to encourage educa tion ', in its whole extent, from its elementary principles up. to its highest development ; and »ow in this, his native land, he cheerfully seconds, with all his feeble powers^ the purpose which you have so: -unanimously adopted of establishing a Rational Catholic University, worthy of your ra *-' ligiori, and worthy of this noble old kingdom. It is.. nearly fifty years since that— like some disjointed \- and feeble spar, no longer/useful to tba wrtcked ''''' and stranded barque of which it bad once been a portion— I voluntarily, floated iff from the shores ??-;',? Jof this -island... I was borne -wesiw.ird to another '.'*? country, beyond to Atlantic .Ocean. In that Country I hrtd an opportunity of improving my reeducation, for legislation there had not attempted ?Zsto monopolise and appropriate to itself tbe k-y of i ^knowledge; and there, although, a Roman Ca \- '^tholic, I was msde a freeman and an Amprican J' 'citizen, long before the act of Catholic Emancipa tion was passed by the British Parliament. My *c Recollections of Ireland at that time are, that there -was no real Catholic school within the boundarh s ...pi the island; that there was no real Catholic S newspaper published in anypart of tbe British dominions; that Catholic books, even oi devotion, 'were published, if at all, almost by stealth, and difficult. to be procured ; that the germs of a Ca tholic University, such as you need, and such as, v* with the blessing of God, yu are prepared to estab lish in tbis land, were to be looked tor in tbe little '*\ schools obscurely kept in obscure alleys of large towns, or perchance unckr the shelter of hedges in the country. Great changes have taken place since those days. The laws against all Catholic ?-; Reaching have been relaxed. ; The Cattolics bavt ' ''been emancipated— at least, so it is proclaimed -r education, intermediate between the : hedge School and the University, bus been publish ?ceircoji raged and generally diffused ''throughbu ? the country. Even this capital, of Ireland which is now blooming sfresn, was then ' lbo'kfi 'i upon, after tbe loss of its :'; parliament,' as. - fauing and faded city. Tb'e: ; Cat holies :'at tba jperiod fe.lt their degression as a i)«s5, anVi st-efhpi rio ' grow up physically with:, curbed. shoulder* ^fitting them for heavy burdens which;' .tlvry:;cou)j f.ot bear, but wbich iirespmsible .ar.d;iir,;.qvit(;u' IvgLLtion had imposed on thoir,. fathers Ihnd^oi .... Jbcir.stlvts. That same legisslutio'n; badutiLiiej ' the door of knowledge against theVj so that the; /.-{jrcre hindered from entering int'i): ?any e'sfiibli'l! Hunt of education except .Fuch/rii'8'\\-'l..fh»v described. At present all' this ;i?, ;.iny 'process' - \- cbRwge. The Catholics, so' lHr;;'af:r''Wn-'j;idg( t'-Ttev.d up,' both mentally anu'jbysii^lji^w;;^ '?^TiOre erect and less crouching attjTuji^i^an'J^',! tV.ojiortion as tbey maintained ;that .'Hititude.,nrt ??: thus prove to their countrymraijind ithe Ay;.rl . Jfe-'.t tl;ey deserve to he - p.la ce'it- :-.ti- n vr;nirij-; Vqu a 'iity with tbe most fiivotind^^^zens .ot^th ? t «tatf,,;ib(y are now, and.' .will ^wntinucatb bi ? Jsvked :i!jc:n.with less hos1tvli'.y^r.(!:tr,ort?--rfr.pe/. s^arjie ? degrading prejudices,.. t)oth-,.natural,-ari hvp.'rt?c;l, which their, (others Lad' to -tViig» .against, are gradually giving ;^y^ar^,ihe pui-i i,c£tnpi;',be' t-v distant whin ' iL'e BiUuh t nipi ... ^«-ill nei;ci llieir scrvicts.'.rt^VvLi^.ii^ii.yi.n. yiV.cfj. Ma field,. t.nd- Will' ..vail ^tseUj , \/i ;^be 4- i^.^,i -h * . ?'..jjHe.llfeVi,.':of ^he\wl.oler;J.rishr,i.t\oJ]ip,,,}T\v.itH-' ? ?;? ' ?.!' !?'??.?.. hilt: Sr^-J t-'-f?:'Stf}l?US&:ii&'Uii: .': '' ?..'-?- .-*.,,. ^.A,v^\ ^sv.'tf'rtVi ?v;1»- W^im /-'''*-'' ??????;???'? ? '-.. ; ? ? \$Vih-jyfwM. * ' ' ?'-.''?'?:? distinction of creed. But to attain even thib result you must found, sustain, and cherish your national Catholic University. By Catholic University I do not mean that your talented young countrymen of any denomination should be excluded from the advantages which such an institution is calculated to afford. What I mean is, that such a University shall be absolutely entitled to the entire confidence of the venerated hierarchy, the devoted priesthood, and the truly Catholic inhabitants of tbis island. I may be told that ample provision has already been made for tbe higher education of the Irish ppople, and that tbe Catholics ought to avail themselves of what bad already been done. But the laws of God will not permit them to do so. The present institutions of learning in this country are positively or negatively hostile to, and in their tendency destructive of, tbe Catholic faith. And tbe Catholics who should co-operate with the purpose of such institutions would necessarily co-operate with them for tbe destruction of that holy faith which they bave received, and of that infallible church to wbich they belong. Their hopes for all eternity are bound up with that faith and that church. If they were capable of proving false to tbeir own conscience, false to their God— for the sake even of an education— they would, besides offending their Creator, deserve to be disregarded with distrust and con tempt by their fellow-citizens of other denomi nations. Having betrayed their own conscience, violated their fidelity to their God, what confi dence could be placed in them by their country? It is unquestionably true. Take, for example, Trinity College. If that institution be loyal to the principles on which it was founded, it is, and avowedly must be, antagonistic to Catholicism. It has hod nominally Catholic students and scholars. But at what sacrifice of conscience ? at what peril to their own souls— 1 shall not pretend to determiorie. The Queen's Col legs were frarred obviously with the view to meet the supposed general desire and wants of the people of this country, without distinction of creed. _ But the framers of tbe system of mixed education do not seem to have understood ttie value of religious principle nor tbe dignity of man, in the fulness of his whole being as a rational and immortal crea ture. If man's whole destiny were confined to the sphere of earth, and included within the nar row limits of human life, then, indeed, tbe Queen's Colleges might be regarded as unexceptionable. If ym. assume, that man, in tbe intention of bis Creator, was to bave no aspirations beyond- the term of bis mortal existence, then,- in that hypo thesis, the colleges referred to would be admirably adapted to. the accomplishment of their purpose. Human reason in their halls might be thoroughly developed— knowledge of any or every .descrip tion might be there accumulated— inte'lect, me mory, siici-il .affections, might be cultivated with great 'success; hut tbe' heart wo.uld still be left dry as earth' without water; and the will-rjthat dangerous faculty— if kft^undisoipliaeo .or un guided by a light far superior to that 'which rea son alone can furnish, would1 be liable to become, even in this world, the scourge of its possessoi ? and of society. Besides tbis, and far above it, tht framers of this mixed system of education ha.v« overlooked, I mitjhl Bay, entirely, both, tbe natun and the' dignity of man. Man is composed o: sou! and body. His soul is distinct from his rea son. When, bis brain ceases to operate according to its organic laws be becomes irrational— bis reason is: gone, but his soul remains. When \n dies, reason, will, memory, affection, have acconv ; plished . their, task in his regard, and aidec through the earthly stage of his being as an im mortul creature. And yet, on the( right use o these faeuTtieSjSimproved and guided by the ligh ? : of ?Clnic-tian^evel.itioh and aided by Divine grace j .depends his happiness in that second- and e't.erna state for which God has created him. Admi .tbaVmiih .'die^ all— soul as well as body, when b :censes: to; live in. this world— and then, in tha ,:: .hypothesis^, there could be no legitimate objection to the mental training that is offered to the Iris) .: people in. the .'Qii-eirt's -colleges. But why thi \ mutilntion of .man's, whole 'nature? Wby thi i1 lowering, jf. , not, ^destruction, of his natura ' ; dignity, as ;lefti'urn|^qyiik'd for in this utterly.de \- fective, if \,nMf!s'piii;ij|uS;, system of education \- which; if'-Mt'-were^w irat _it should be, would tak i . ' i h to acco vi iii'iii At' mi* n is an i m m or tal , as' well; a a mortal, being, inst.vail' of , regarding him as rrierel ] '; a : r.i'tid rial} an'i tii « 1 ;'!witii faculties that must peris i'!Jwtvelnv'Vh(Bi'co1d:';han;d;^ shalrbave tuuuh'e t' an'd chilied for 'e^'er itiiti : tlirobbings of his heart j- 1 ^dp^ntit. pretend.,. t'V.Srt'y, that .such results wer iut^hded'lvy ? tb'tse ;,wlv), digested the 'scheme - ,j these ^colleges. ' But' it', these . results be tb s ;:r|e:-'essary;i)'r 'pVo'i-fai-le'i:onsf. quinces' of the systtrr i, 'it hVAk.'s^Vpry^'lit'tib'.difference to fathers an ii .*» u h rrl i H,t 's oi ? .Cb'tistiiiVr youth' whether they wei I c« ritemplirted -.=r wbether they result Irora.a \ inherent defeat or spare lati-nt bad principle in tl) i' System 'itself. 'In i' this .vie,w I,am surprised thi ii i-incfrp '.iirj'd'-'1 chnKi'i'tri'tii'u's 'Protestants do ni i. 'Vnt*;rtiiin' ?tlie/s.ifnej'conv'ictioris in regard to an I. ? system of'- eiiucati«'rif foundiid on such an un ry ? ^'iVristi'irii'if tioV Aiiti-'ClVristiiiri, principle as t.bj ,-: which lies -at the r«nlo| the Queen's college j r\^s'nt^r-,ii-r'(it?st'!1Tit f.Uhnr, no matter to . wh; ^ !-;irtic!i!tr ilpn^rmnvtii-n ''he bojong'; if he be sinoer ,! ^'ljld-wi^h-lvis sV.n -to.'grow up arid live in b ( S own religion. But how can that be if he son i i| -S-is-ffn to ??i'.sMfiitiprs of learning in whi( ;r ; r- ligjon as a l3Kine*'r-velation,' is utterly nr I,! ^'roWssio^'jv'iilr'norvcli'. f^r3 the' reason,: apparent! ,'i tbat thost w.bo:'pri-fcfis::Ciiristianity do notug'i f; a':iu^ j.utini::lv,vti.i iA-ibpir 'definition :'as to wh ,-?1 ' :jit. .,?;is-j?.i ;.,r-:TLi'5.-.|ol,j s ci\:'-n,;nbo weyer,;_ .can.- .have'! : . a -.Iicuti n ^o, .CathoJ^srv T-hey understood. pe II fri't^y wh«t GhiUtbi:ty is It isthe teaching' '??;? -r^:;i0HS'!-i;:u-';;x0G1:i';;:,.v ^^.rv:-:.', .:; J ? ;{-K1i^:yM-/r:-iui»XJ\\-ul)rr.1ui ::,::;'. .:? }K\i ,:'?-. if ,,, -?^?y-S-i-Y VKi-'V'v^''^^.^''-'-1'- ? l ^ ?^?'??^V- V '''. j'' -'?'?'.???'?? ;? ?'.?'-'? .:?? ' ' «. ? ?' «??????? V.--.. (?????? ???'?? ' -': '? '' God, aiade known in this world by His Divin. and only- begotten Son, Jesus Christ, preached throughout the world by the Apostles whom the Christ called around him, and invested with hif own Divine prerogatives, with a command that they should teach all nations— that they should preach 'His doctrine to every creature — that He was identified with them in that teaching all days even to the end of tbe world. This Divine teaching, however, did not exclude among His disciples a knowledge of anything that another, but unspoken order of communication, resulting from a proper study of all his works in tbe creation of the world—of all tbe capacities of the human mind — to investigate these works — to look up to tbe fiimament above— to measure tbe distance from one star to another, to calculate the magnitude of each, and tbeir mutual relations to each other, to dive into the bowels of the earth and bring up all minerals for the use of the inhabitants on the surface — coal for fuel, lead, iron, silver, and even gold by ingots, which has its value either with or without the stamp of a Prime Minister. Under the guidance of educa tion even the ways of the trackless ocean are as familiar to the human mind applying itself to that study as the letters of the; alphabet But the mariner should be instructed also in the teachings of revelation, and then in every fitful change of the element that bears him up he will see the power of the Almighty God, who created him and created tbe flocean. When in a calm, he looks upon its surface as upon a mirror, re flecting to his eye all the majesty of the firma ment, he will v/atch tbe scarcely perceptible heavings of its bosom, gentle as the breathing «f a slumbering infant ; and, ag;ain, when tbe tem pest. lashes. tbewater into commotion — when it increases in violence — when his frail barque is tossed about in the furious paroxysms of the hurricane — when all. sounds are lost to his ear except those which come from the groaning mast and the sharp, whistling shrill, but fearful rn^sic which the storm produces as it plays through tbe cordage of his ship, not at all like that which zephyrs evoke from tbe Julian harp— then it is more particularly that he will adore the God who controls these eltments, and wonder that tbe Creator should have endowed man with the capacity to meet tbe tempest, and guide his barque safely amidst its violences. But why sbouid 1 designate any one department of human science more than another? The botanist discovers beauties and evidences of Divine power, in [the tiney frame or the exquisitely-painted cups of the smallest flower. But all this is concealed from him if he be sent forth to study nature un pre- pared by the special revelation of God, making known to him the spiritual relations which bind him to bis Creator. It is said of Leland, the distinguished French astronomer, when some one observed in his presence that God was clearly manifest. in the external .works of creation, he observed,, with a sneer, that. he bad been reading astronomy for- thirty yeors, and be.never saw- tbe name of God written, among the stars. Tbe man who could use such language must have bad a godless, training. The first inclination of the effect of such training will be found in the real or hff.jcted indifference of tbe pupils as well as professors towards religion of any kind. His light head .will become intoxicated by a little learning. In his vacation he will confound his earlier companions by displaying quirks of science. He may, if.' he he an Irish Catholic youth, attend Mass out of respect for the feelings of his parents . — he will be found as having made already some advances.' in .the- direction of latitudinarianism, popularly called liberality— he will have dis covered that Ireland is no place, for : an aspiring young man of genius— that it is hampered by the hereditary superstitions of its people— that Eng land alone opens up for his ' ambition : a career of advancement,' ;:and^' towards England', he will become;a toady— so far ho,. will entitle . himself to notice, and. in due... time,.' be will 'probably catch the eye. of British, patronage and'. receive his due recompense, riot so much' for his great: talents as for Lis ohan.t , ^.aptitude, and, seyexity..:;. That o bj actions , l.ike't b'es r. we i e foreseen by - the f ra ni ers of tbe Quten'si.Ci.'.li'igesinius'ti become'.; evident Tto those who have .studied their, history, so far. If they were riot -foreseen', ' why, permit me,,. to ask, have U;eir ':fnuriders!lexb'ii)iled'; up ? till'this -day such- 'an: anxiety 'av' de.si.re' ;J ttf have ciergy.m.n of different . religions f occupying pro fessoml- chairs'' in1 tbe'sW''coii_eges;?..:-':Hiiv'e'''tt«'; not sought for them the approval- of- Gjitbolic and PrcHtStarit clergymen of eveiy denomi nation ? E;.vt fch\\-y c'not' Uesired 'that your Bishops should smile' approval -'arid ??s'ericouragefnenilJ on them? ILiye not Catholic priests been ir/duj;ed| in tbe beginning, at least, to accept proft's'spisV/ips d witbin their (Valls ? Ha. e not the ministf rs:\\)f,dif-j ferent and antagonistic denominations been brought in as professors, ; and for what purpose except that their Christian and clerical\'character might lull suspicion as to the unchristian, if not anti Christian, general principles on which those in stitutions are founded ?Was it not hoped that all sectarianism ; should, be eliminated, and thai tbes^e proressprs should give an' example, within the wafh:pf the polleorps'; of. what; might' be!nc compiisbed if all rt-ligi.ins shouM : be 'equallv , ignowdpW.it^n ?;, iTl'e'rcsuU' would be'that ihns« is who ppver agreed' before: on dogmatical question1 is [should nowilive under'the^smileso^GbverririiH) ;h ip.1.twnflge^as^a':-happy;:'fa'miiy^'infusjngiinito^ hI minds.bf otHoir ^ripiisv'Uiy th'e ', iriflueiice'Aor'tli^i y ? ? n wn; ex «-T)'- Je,:1 a -total'' indiffdrene'e ^isVtottHe'grea etf vital :quns tiori ' o?' religion wh i ch?.b aU exis tet| 'a m o n at the lrisb people— ;is' Hri^a:^ple',^f^disVorii^\;b(fn n-') of. contention, among.thej inhabitantSiof itois dis r- traced isl.md. The salary al.tai;hed';;toT:'a pro of fessorsbip ^ was' a^ternp tihg/b^t^tii^h'grVsVin^ a! and worth retaining. A sly stab at some vital?' doctrine of the Christian faith might be given by some professor of history for a beautiful panegyric pronounced on Arianism as it was in the begin ning of tbe fourth century. The abstract philo sophy of religion would not be overlooked, and Christianity at large would be exhibited in tbe light of a conglomeration of discordant sects whose petty squabbles were unworthy the notice of learned professors, or, to the inflated sciolists given over to tbeir teaching. You must either recognise some form of religion in those colleges^ and then they are clearly sectarian in the eyes of Catholics at least, or you must exclude alike every special form of Christian belief, and they are clearly atheistic. If you exclude tbe clerical professors of all religions, you bave but little to alter in tbe statutes and regulations of the system, to adapt it to the condition of a people living under a government whose established religion,, if tbe paradox can be imagined, sbould be atheism or pantheism. I think, therefore, that the gentle men who presented the.otber day a petition for *?? charter to the Premier of Great Britain and Ire land made a serious mistake in the title of their humble, but despised supplication.* They might have known that the word '? Catholic' prefixed to University would be fatal to their hopes.. They should have called it ' Irish University,'' or- qualified it by some other vague epithet. Butt I am glad that in the name of tbe Catholic people- ? of Ireland the gentlemen who presented the peti tion refused to adopt any other term except that by which the University is already known. They response of the Government was also clear, candid, unambiguous, amounting in substance to the monosyllable ' No.' This monosyllable, instead of preventing the success of your undertakings may contribute not a little to its attainment. It has tbe entire approval of ynur Bishops and clergy. It bad already the approvol and blessing, of the Supreme Bead of tbe Church on eartb, bis Holiness Pius IX.. wlo, even when in exile, did not hesitate to lift up bis voice and point out to tbe bishops of tbis island the dangers likely to result to the faith and morals of tbe people com mitted to tbeir care, if givjn over to the educa tion of tbe Queen's Colleges. The University of Louvain, in- Belgium, was the modei which his HolineBs proposed lor your imitation. You have asked no aid from the public treasury— you are willing to leave tbe State Colleges to the exclusive enjoyment of those who, if any, bave confidence ire them. Y'U propose to erect the University at your own expense, and all you expected from the Go vernaient by the way of encouragement wr.s a piece of 'purchritent called a charter, and this has beeri. refused. You aj.ked for Imperial permission to purchase the bread of knowledge with your own-- money, arid not at 'the expense of the State, and the request has been denied. Under these cir cumstances, I can .imagine myself as speaking: to the whole Irish nation, as if here assembled ;:. and if they are that people that I assume,.'and almost know Vem to, be, 1. look uoon the Catholic Uiiiver'sifv on this land as counting from this'very day virtually an accomplished , fact It. is evi— dentJttnU you^haye ri,o public institution of learn- a ing pn this isj'and, the advantages, of. :which, as» conscientious C'tbolics, you can avail yourselveSo TBen you must, by: u n ited and pers's-vi- v; ri £ efforts, ere;et an institut-ion of yoar:owni There is no ila w of tHe lurid' forbidding- it. : -Tue ranks of your people' have indeed been thinned iiy ftiniine, .pes ? tiierice, and emigration1. ? Still you are W Catholic population, of between four anil fi'e millions, of ' s6uls:— loo inany t«- be exposed to wnhV6;f; e-ruca- tion,, or to. the risk of. salvation by, accepting tl: at: which .'has bippn - fifered. You owe it to tbe me« niory of yoiir noble ancestors wbo suff-red every priva.tio/).r;itbf!r tbmforfeit pr.jeoparrtise tbeir boly faith. Y--u owe it .yourselves— yriu owe it to your children and to the' future, generations who shairoccupy your place and still inherit, as well tis transmit tbe religion by which tl;e;A'postle-: of Ireland — Saint ' Patriikr-convertpd ynur\ Pagan ancestors ?fro-.ri.tbt'f-larkness of idolatry 'to the light: ?;ot 'Christianity. ! Y«u owe it to your1', God, who ?'h^'pr^serW-'d'ynii in' that faith— y«u''.weiUo your ? native ,;c:-u.ntryj and to this empire,. if not'; t- the 'world at larg/.' A .'Catholic Unive.i::vity is the great need of '' \\.ourrnatipn and of your, Wluw, citizens ^ and, in vi.ew-.or') triat need every man,;.wi;wj-iin,-(a;nd child, should/ in ^reference: to this undertaking,. f-e.1 an'1 approptiate to -himself.- tie language of the royal pY^'hel, ''in reference' to the house of ' the Loid,1 as 'yet uribuilt, ' Oh, ??-LoraV remeVriber 'David/ anil ' /ill' bis meekriess ; how he swore ;to tu'b. L' rd.1- : iJe !. 'vowed ,.-'a; vow to rthd GiVd' ,'of ? !)J^oja'4-i/'' I; shall eriterinto tbe'tab^rnacle:of my 'Eoi^se— if ;I shall'.go up into. t!ie beiJ;\viK'f t iri',I- ;]ie- ', —\\\ J stiiiil. gi've sleep to. my' eyes j 'or .slumljer.to my py-lif's, . '.'of! 'rest to,;my 'temples,. ; until. I fir.d but' a' pl'^ce .f'ir, the ^rd— a. tabernacle for ihe . God of J !C(iV.' Yfs, build your University endow it — provideit.a'M easy task, a\ itb suitable professors— crowd its; halls with'' the talented youth- of the land, so'f.iuitful of gf-nius: ,: Do thio, I say, .w.iih .-, or ^without 'the ?Prinie' .Minis ter's : charter.' ;vSj)'me'',otbf}r ' Pri nie,'('Mini?t';f( .rri \y , bes : . act iia t'^d '?, .by , x, be f U r ' ' spi'r i i. 'tow ;ir d «C you r , pop pi e. , But,^b%e(:.erii-r'n-'';t,;.r.na^ ^re;it:lr.isb- men ' of fduuatior, by the sSupvTic'j.ity. of .yoar : traininc;— t'r»Bter ? .the italen'ts .ol , yourhj-eru'-la — ? elevate the m'ndof yoiircountry-t ^learned fiutbors ^-distinguished nrnarn'jnts of' ariykarned 'pro- ; fession, whethi.-r ;' of'J thfology, juris,|,rudt!t;Ce^ !. mydicine, in;.allMt5;|)r^rii:Hes|Jt^nV ; .. ri'fj -.all Vuirwi^oot ;cet»sirigj t i1 b^^'l,'Jfciy tn't, j ''-r!'d;1piU!:a(!^rlicriiOf:!rs ^TVyour'iioe ^.yi;,C.iiuolic ! Ct urchi! Alf1 ?tblis''.is.'wL'at iy^uj^uiiriisfiy jlo.ru)t \ .c-'iiipryhenii, ..lo notkuww', aj/il it re''., i-.i-j t'/ltarn. j- I am tjware vtb;tt, 'owirtg- to lbs: it.fl',:snce, vtbjch J .,tbe; intrrestedV;dlbV:iV, ufitiiiiajes if.jt-ji) iuomtnw :»: ? pf^Gre&tBiitaini; and suihetimesHitirrsiiini^ itself !?? ' ??? '? ??' ??'.?;? ????;. ' .'v-'.y^y.u.-ihvf-'x 'i'.'-yt *- . ?1 ii.w;d i)!.-u$.-/:o-:-\wit..^-^i'i:o-=?'iU-:/ii;-VT\\-V\L-i'i1. has caused foreign nations to look upsn the Irish Seople as an ignorant race, who prefer mental arkness to intellectual light. Tour Catholic University must dispel this delusion. If there toe any one characteristic of the Irish race distin guishing your people, it has .been from the earliest titles* a hereditary love of learning. That love has been an instinct and almost a passion of your people since the conversion; of Ireland. It was this that rendered them so well known, so much admired during the 6 th, 7th and 8th centuries, when they were employed in retrimming the almost extinguished lamp of science (such as it was in those ages) in England, Scotland, and in .many portions of the continent of Europe. Testimonies on this subject could be quoted from foreign authors sufficient to fill volumes. During the same centuries what was Ireland itself but one extensive school of saints and teachers, to which the votaries of learning came in crowds, and were received with that -generous hospitality for which the nation was then and is still, so celebrated? The hedge schools in' modern times, when learning was cultivated by stealth aud against the laws, are a proof that their love of knowledge could not be extinguished. 1' The Poor Scholar' is not the imaginative crea tion of its talented author. Leave out the ludicr ous incidents connected with bis struggle, and the sallies of Irish wit, which I suppose were neces sary to render it palatable to the public taste of the 'sister island' at least, and it is a genuine type of the desire of this country. If these things can be said with truth of the ancient and modern people of Catholic Ireland, then the silly charge that they prefer ignorance to light falls to the ground. It is contradicted and refuted by his tory,' Out of their country there is not a people so ready to avail themselves of the advantages of learning. In America they are distinguished members of the bar ; they are eloquent senators in the balls of legislation ; they are brilliant com manders of armies in the melancholy and san guinary struggle that is now going on, fomented, as; is' belived, by European secret interference, prompted by jealousy of the growing prosperity ttn'd hitherto united councils of the great American republic. But the poorer classes of Irish who have emigrated to that country, are Catholics for the most part and they still show the same zeal for knowledge. There are about 370 Catholic churches in the single state of New York, and there is scarcely one of them that has not attached to it a parish school for the education of their children in the faith of their fathers. They have, in« all the country, eleven or twelve Catholic Uni versities, not, indeed, as well endowed, nor as distinguished as either Trinity College or Oxford :~but they will grow. The laws of the States, have granted them the privileges of universities !in charters, such as your government has just refused to their countrymen at home. All this .goes to prove that ignorance has no magnetic power for, the attraction of the Irish mind. But look- back, for a century or two —cast your eye upon the surface of Continental Europe, not to speak of these islands, and you will find Irish-' men or their descendants occupying high places sin almost every Catholic government. The '?venerable Field- Marshal Nugent, of Austria, is in Irishman. In the same country; O'Connell, yrho saved the life of the present young Emperor, ! from the dagger, of the assassin, is an Irishman, or the, defendant of one— and, if. education had not been cherished -. by bis ancestors, whether at home or abroad, he would not have been by the aide of Francis Joseph. O'Donnell who has lately tamed the arrogance of Morocco, is the Prime Minister of Spain. M'Mabon, of France, saved the life and the army of Napoleon III. on the battle-field of Magenta. These and ihajny others, descendants of Irish ancestors, would never have attained distinction in other 'lands if they had not been ardent votaries of knowledge and good education. The laws and. [ policy of Great Britain have excluded seven '. eighths of the people of this country from any share in the management of its official interests. And, yet, from the favoured one-eighth what dis tinguished, names has Ireland furnished in every department, of public life ! All these statements bave been made for no other purpose than to prove that Irishmen at home and abroad are naturally fond of education and knowledge. I This fact furnishes you an additional ground of I' encouragement in prosecuting the great work ', which you have on hands. It has been for some 'years past so much spoken of, that the Catholics of Europe and America look forward, almost with impatience, to see it completed. It is intended -to promote the glory of God, who will be with you by His providence in prosecuting it to a 'successful termination. It has the approval of your venerated clergy — the sanction of the Sove reign Pontiff— and if I may judge by the presence ?of,, the municipal corporations, of other cities as well as of Dublin, amongst whom there must fee .gentlemen of other religious denominations, it has so far as those towns and cities are concerned, ; the sanction of their populations. Your Protes tant fellow-countrymen cannot be opposed to its 'erection; far, though they may still have pre ,' judices against your faith, yet I doubt whether ,? there, is one who would not prefer to see the Ca-: h, tholics of this country rise by their own exertions * into a more enlightened sphere of social and civil life. Neither England nor Scotland can be rea visonably opposed to it, since both countries, Z eapecially,Scotland hive made such noble sacri fices for the education of their people. In con-: elusion, I beg leave to remark that during a life, which is by no means brief, and in which, whether in one country or another, I had to meet and pass through unexpected events, the circumstance of joy having been invited to addreis you from this dace, and on such an occasion, is one of the most oleasant incidents that I can call to mind. I shall ey.pr recur to it with sentiments of satisfaction and delight.. Once again, and. probably for the last time, I shall soon take leave of the country .n which I was born. But I cannot do so without invoking upon you and your National University, in the fulness of my. heart, the bless ing of Almighty God, in the name of the Father, and of tbe Son, and of the Holy Ghost— Amen; 