TO W N TA L K. It is reported that the following gentlemen have been appointed Commissioners of tlio Bonrd .of Education under, the Common Schools Act : —The : Hon. Matthew Hcrvey, M.L.C.; Mr. Sumner, of Gricc, Sumner, and Co. ; Mr. Smith, of Fulton and Smith; Mr. W. II. Archer, Hegistrar-Gencral ; and Mr. C. J. Griffiths;. A rumour is current that it is the intention of tlic Government to .proclaim to-day the four millions of agricultural land specified in tho new Act, and that in order to discourage speculative associations, to issue a regulation requiring tho personal attendance cither at tho Central or Dis trict office of every applicant for land. The British and Australian Steam Navigation Company have issued their prospectus, which will be found in our advertising columns to-dny. An unusually powerful provisional directory lias Icon appointed, the names of representatives of many of our Icoding mercantile and commercial firms appearing on the list. The capital is to be two millions sterling, in two million shares of 1.1 each, three hundred thousand of which ore to be reserved for issue in the Australian colonics. The company will bo incorporated under a special net and with limited liability. The rate of deposit is to be 2 per cent, on slinros amount ing to 1.50 and upward, and Is. per share under 1.50. The first call, not to bo made until after the company is formed, will be 4s. per share, and tho balance will be called at intervals of not loss than three months by similar instal ments. The formntlon of the company will not be considered complete until one million shares have been subscribed for and the Act of Incor poration obtained. The objects of the company, which have already been placed before the public, at# defined at length in the advertisement. A most extraordinary case of kidnapping a municipal councillor, was disclosed at n public meeting held at Sandridgo last evening. It appeared that it arose entirely out of a contest for tho municipal chair, and Councillor Pickles' vote being likely to turn the scale, means were token to entrap him into a boat, and the agents of the conspirators cruised about witli him in the hay from three o'clock on the afternoon of Thursday Inst, the day of tho election, until eleven o'clock at night. Notwithstanding nil his remonstrances lie could notinduoo them to put him ashore, the reply lie received being that they had heenpaid for thejob. DuringCounciliorPickles's absence, the election of chairman took place, nnd he found to his astonishment, on his return, that he had been elected chairman. Three of tho councillors wlio were opposed to Dr. Plummcr, a candidate for the chairmanship, voted for Councillor Pickles, and the votes being equal, one of them, ns chairman, gave liis cast ing veto in his favour. It appears that Councillor Pickles wns previously pledged to vote for Dr. Plummcr, which explains the reason why his absence was desired. The meeting held lost evening most unmistak ably displayed its indignation at the treatment .which Councillor Pickles had been subjected to ; and that councillor lias shown his sincerity by at once resigning the chairmanship. Summonses have been issued against the persons implicated m this extraordinary conspiracy, the hearing of which will take place at the Police Court on Ionday. The greatest excitement prevailed at oandridgo yesterday on this subject, and tho meeting in the evening, which was denqoly raowded, passed a unanimous veto of- censure" pon tho perpetrators of so discreditable on act. report of the meeting will be found in another column. The directors of tho Victoria Coal Company nave received a letter from his Excellency Sir Cjny Darkly, in which his Excellency expresses iglily favourable opinion of tho quality of tho ompany's mineral, nnd states that none other .will, for the future, bo used at Toorak. Tlio following isfrom Inst night's Government azcttc: — "Gentlemen belonging to the Civil ' ana"'0? 'mvo """'nod tho nge of sixty years, , 0 'lavi! been ten years in tho service, are voiorrcd to Sections 30, 40, and 41 of the Civil fn-ii'C i '' nni' nrc re<iuestcd to communicate , the Ministerial Heads of their pcctive departments statement of theic longtli of service, the offices in which they have served, their present ages, state of health, nnd ability to discharge their official duties. John 0'3nANASsr. Chief Secretary's Office." In reference to the recent arrngemcnts made by the Government relative to the delivery of goods at llnllnrrat, considerable dissatisfaction appears to exist on the part of the merchants of that town. Yesterday morning, a deputation consisting of Messrs, Cummins, T. Lewis, ami Evans, representing the merchants of Ballnnrnt, nnd Mr. Brondbcnt nnd other gentlemen, on behnlf of tho enrriers, had nu interview witli the lion, the Commissioner of Railways (Mr. Mit chell), to express what they considered their grievance. Mr. Cummins, having introduced his followers, explained that the desire of the merchants of Ballaarat wns to undertake the delivery of their own goods from the rnilwny station, nud to be allowed by Government a cer- tnin reduction for doing so. The merchants cf Bollanrnt hnd given the matter every considera tion, and had come to the conclusion that if the arrangement proposed by the Government wns put in force, it would cause much delay in the delivery of goods, besides necessitating tiie keep ing of n large number of horses at Ballnnrnt. The lion, the Commissioner explained that no serious delay could arise from the nrrangement contemplated by the Government, as the con tractor would be bound to clear the station of goods every day. The freight of the goods would not be raised by the delivery, and it would, there fore, be out of the question to allow any reduc tion in the tariff for cartage, although no objec tion would be offered to merchants removing their own goods from the station. Other questions in reference to the storage of goods at tho Bollnnrat station were also brought forward; but as Mr. Mitchell was not disposed to entertain on behalf of tho Government the application of the deputa tion, the parties thanked him nnd withdrew. A general meeting of the Hobson's Bay .Rail way Sen Bnthing Company was appointed to bo hold yesterday, at Lloyd's rooms, Collins street west, but owing to the nbscnceof a quorum of . shareholders the meeting lapsed. . A fine niiggot, weighing 72 oz., wns found at Grassy Flat, in the Grcnville district, a few days ago. The prize wns accidentally disclosed by tho wheel oi a dray cutting into the ground. Tiie late heavy and almost incessant rains have caused the river Yar'rn to rise to' a great height. For tho last two or three days the low-lying portion ,of the road bcyoud Princes Bridge lias been completely under, wnter; and all ingress to the Botanical Gardens, by "the foot bridge, lins been cut off by the floods in thnt locality. The swamp between the river nnd Emerald Hill pre sents a broad shpet of water, resembling a smalt lako in appearance. The inclemency of the weather lias been se verely felt throughout the country districts, nnd ' fears are beginning to bo entertained for the health of tho crops. In sonic localities it lias been found impossible to got the seed in the grouud ; nnd in others the young plants are showing fungi and other indications of an unwholesome nature; The roads everywhere are iu a very bad condi tion ; and in the outlying townships on tho gold- fields they are in some instances quite impas sable. In town, trade has suffered grcntly from the protracted duration of the' cold nnd licnvy rains. In the west the effect of the bad weather lias been particularly serious Tho Portland Chronicle says :— "The rivers and crocks have overflowed nnd deluged the country for miles, making it impossible for somo of the settlers to ionvc their homesteads and a matter of the greatest difficulty for the mails to continue their journeys, the traffic being now almost wholly confined to them. Hotspur bridge is reported to bo ten feet under water, and the npproachcs to the Dartmoor bridge are in n similar state. Tbo flood caused by the swelling of the Glcnclg lias extended to tlio hotel of Mr. Chaffy, at Cnsterton, and the streets of Snndford are . in no better con dition. In the immediate locality of Port land the' water lias risen unusually high; the swamp is one unbroken sheet, mid the garden of Mr. Edwards, Nortii suburbs, is submerged to the depth of twenty-five feet." At Bnimornl the floods have been very exten sive, and although no loss of life is reported, there have been several narrow escapes. . A correspondent of the Portland Guardian says — " At one time a family of five were threatened with immediate inundation, and tho neighbours were in strict attendance to glvo relief, fortu nately when the flood gained the summit of the precipice ndjnccnt to the cottage it slightly deviated from its dangerous purpose. Muelt credit is due to Robert Officer, Esq., J .P., of Rocklnnds, for kindly sending his new plcnsure boat, llic Mcn'imac, to the rescue of tiie sufferers who wero loitering -nbout the' hanks of the Glenelg for days, endeavouring in vain to obtain a crossing, which could not in any way be per formed until the arrival of the Merrimac, which was placed under the command of Mr. Wood ford, with necessary injunctions to ferry to and from the township all travellers without fee or reward. This act on the part of Mr. Officer leaves a grateful nnd indeliablc impression on the minds of tiie public." A movement-has-been initiated at Colnc with tho object of prospecting tlio Colnc Forest for gold. A meeting took place on the 4 th, at which several samples of gold declared to have been found in the forest were exhibited. A com mittee was appointed to raise funds, nnd in other respects to promote the purpose in Ticw. Pleuro-pneumonln lias renppenred among tlio herds in the western districts. Respecting tlio new visitation of this scourge the Portland Guardian publishes the accompanying para graph ; — " There have been some fresh cases of pleura-pneumonia near Crnnbpurno, so that at the last time of slaughtering all the infected cnttiein that district were not destroyed. ' Mr. Smith lias gone there to make a further cxatnraa- nntion, and report as to ilie probability of yet checking the spread of the disease in that part of tho country. There is plenty of it in all the old places just at present ; nnd in the absence of all restriction, it appears now nnd again in a new spot.. But tlio disease docs not seem to be so virulent, or to spread so rapidly, this winter as it-has done before. Such, however, is one of the well- known characteristics of pleuro-pneumonin, 'which does comparatively little mischief for. a season or two, and then breaks out more viru lently than ever, when it was fondly supposed to have nearly exhausted its strength, and to ho about to lose its malignant character for ever." Tiie following is an abstract of births nnd deaths registered in. the Metropolitan nnd Sub urban Registration Districts duiring tho week ending 2nd August, 1802 : District. Births. Deaths. Boroondnra 5. .... 1 Brighton 4 ... . O Brunswick .................. 0 "... 1 1 Collincrwood ................. ',23V... ' 8 Fiemiugtou ..I.. ............. "I.1,.. '0 Kew 2 ... ;0 " Melbourne 30. \ ,U . 22 - Pralirnn ......7..,.., 0 .... ;0. Richmond 15 ...- j P--.' Sandridgo and Emerald Hill . 13 ; ... ; 6. South' Ynrra.... '.. . ,3 2 St. Hilda 8 ... A Williainstown ............... C ... ;1 Total ...;.. 114- ... 44 All the districts. remarkably healthy. ; The Gothenburg, ''.which - arrived yesterday from Otdgo, brought 180 passengers and 5450 oz. of gold. 1 By her we have files of Dunedin jour nals dating to the 1st instant. Tlio last fort nightly ercort brouglitdown' only 3021 oz. 8 dwt;, but itscems thnt the mining population does not at present exceed 4000, and that only part of tlioir number are actively employed. The present winter appears to be a mild one, aud wc find a portion of the local press exulting over tlio proofs furnished of the misap prehension of those who had overesti mated the severity of an Otago winter. The question of separation from the Northern island wns .beginning to assume importance through tiie strong symptoms presented of tlio interest taken in the subject by nil parties. The principal opponents of tlic ' idea nrc the ante-gold days residents, who apparently are locally known ns tiie " Old Identity." There is very little diggings news nnd scarcely nny town intciiigcncc of interest. Captain Baldwin lias been, it is believed, elected for the county of Bruce iu tlic scpnrationist interest. Trade Appears to be quiet, and several smnll failures have taken place. The want of an insolvent court is a great complnint of the commercial part of the community. The billiard mntcli between Messrs, Lntnb nnd Farquhnv or Town- send, the latter name appearing in the Otago journals ns thnt of Mr. Lamb's competitor, was to take place on the 4tli. Tlio affair had ap parently excited intense interest. The Wellington ' news brought by the Go thenburg chiefly refers to the proceedings in tiie General Assembly. . The Portland, people nrc beginning to turn their attention ,to tlic probability of a coalfield being discovered in the valleys of the Wnnnon nnd tlio Glenelg, Mr. Sehvyn reported the un doubted existence of coal deposits in that parti cular district. . The aspects of the Botan'e Garden at this season of vernal freshness is very pleasing. A number of hyacinths and other spring plants, ns well as numerous -acneim, arc benring flowers. A plantation of the various kiuds of cyprcss'pincs (Callitris) nnd of: .the cnsuiirinm, from different localities of Australia, lias recently, been formed on one of the Inwns of the garden. A consider able consignment of select deciduous trees, and n quantity of evergreen oaks, arrived by the ship . Birmingham. To the museum collections hnvo been added during the week n number of dried plants collected by Scliiinpe; in. Abyssinia, a set of Dr. Sccmanu's plants from tlio Fiji Islands, numerous specimens front tlic collec tions formed in the highlands of India by Drs. Thomson and Hooker, also sonic from the herbaria of Hcyne and Roxburgh, others from the plants gathered .in Deinerara and Esmquibo during Sir Robert Schomburghis expedition, and many of Boivin's Bourbon plants. TIicso specimens form a valuable addition, to the many authentic plnnts of the museum, corresponding to various essays published thereon. " In tho experimental ground may bo noted several plants of the so- called buffalo grass. . It promises to bo of value for pastoral land, lieing perennial, nutri tious, and resisting the drought, and seems also quite hardy, although the plant is naturally dis posed mainly over the tropics of botli hemispheres. Attempts ore made' to introduce this grass largely into some parts of New South Wales; and ns this example may bp ...followed up by some of our sottIers,'it may be of, utility to mention that tlio botanical nnnic of this grass is stcnotaphrum glnbrum (or Pnnlcum Dimidlntum L). It passes also sometimes under the niime'of Ber muda grass, a designation applied, however, in the Southern State's of the American Union to the cosmopolitan cyn'odon dactylori. At tlio weekly meeting of the committee of tlio Immigrants' Aid, Society, hold on Friday, the Superintendent made the following return:— N umber of inmntes in the home ns reported Inst week, 504; admitted since. 100; "persons who linvo received out-door relief, 103; total relieved, 773; discharged from the home during the week, 102\. Total at present reraninlng, 508 ; consist ing of — Bencvolefit Asylum cases, 24; children cliargonblo to the " Government, 283; cases chargeable to the Spciety, 201. ; . A correspondent , at the Jamieson writes as follows in reforenco to mining' matters "There is nothing worth while mentioning, if I- except a new rush which has taken- place' down the Jor dan, or rather on a branch creek of tlint river. The gold deposits are said to be cqunl in richness to those on the B. B. Creek. . A'large number of miners and others .are going there. The' wea ther at tlio present time is . beautiful, flue days and frosty nights." . 'A subscription; was set on foot at Gcelongsoon after the decease of Mr. George Wrigh t, for - tlio benefit of his widow hrid orphans, the result is thus referred to in tlic Geelong Advertiser : — " The total sum subscribed is X64-2 iOs. Gd., less L20 for the funeral-nnd Llo 03; 8d. for miscel laneous" expenses, ""lenyiug a net balance . of L507 0s. lOd. . Of this sum L40 lias been already paid to the widow for pressing expenses; the balance available for .investment 'being L4B7 0s. lOd. The subscription list includes tlic names of persons of all! creeds lind : conditions in life. A good mnny five elsewhere, than . in "Geelong ; wo notice names from New South Wales, Tas mania, nnd New Zealand. ; Relative to the supposed -murder of Mr. Somes Davis, at Yneknndnndnli, wc find! the following in Thursday's Ovens Constitution,:— "Information reached Beeeliwortii, yesterday, that Mr. Somes Davis, tiie storekeeper, of tlio Omeo, was murdered near Street's paddock, Yacknndahdali. It appears that- the. dbcens.cd wns bringing gold from the . Omeo to YncknnV dnndali, and crossed Leo's punt, oh the Little River, on Tuesdny morning. . About three hours after lie had crossed, Mr. Thompson, tlio storekeeper, of Snowy Creek, nlso. crossed and met a man leading two horses, ' one hnving a pack on nnd the other a saddle; this man told' Air. Thompson that ho lind- just found tlic horses, and asked lilin if lie knew to whom tliey belonged. Thompson immediately recognised them as those of Mr. Davis n'iid at once sus pected foul piny. .On looking nt tlio) saddle blood was found on it, nnd also on tlio. saddle bags, leaving no doubt tlint murder .had been committed. Air. Thompson tiien made tlic best , of his way to Ynckandnndnh arid gave tlie,inr- formation to the police, who immediately, re turned and scoured tlic bush nil. Tuesdny night in search of Davis but without effect. The fol lowing morning it wns cleverly suggested to turn Davis's horse loose near where ho was found; tliis suggestion wns acted upon, nnd tlio horse went nbout two miles oft' tlic main road lending from Ynckandnndnh to the Little River, and stepped. .A very strict search wns then insti tuted near this spot, and nt length a ro'versiblc cont belonging to Davis wns found pnrtinliy hidden under a fallen tree! Close to where Die coat wns found is a large ingoou, known ns Rcdbnuk, in which it is believed tiie body of Davis lias' been tin-own. After ranking these discoveries, one of tlic party returned to' Ynckandnndnh for the; purpose of getting drags made with.tlie yiew of scorching for the body. The deceased wns in tho liablt of bringing gold from the .Omeo, but wns always- niost-cnrcful iu not allowing, any one to know when ho was stnrtiiig or the road he would take ; it is true, that nttlic Little River lie stated that lie had n good amount of gold with hinij but'it is'n question whether the bush- ranger br' bushrangers' did hot intend sticking up Air.- Thompson,' and. Iiad' no idea, of Davis', coming . .dojyii.V, No one '.could" have followed Davis, from, the Omeo, for tliey could not cross tlic Little River anywhere but at .tiie punt," and ns Davis was so careful , iu hot per mitting any, person to ; know , when, jie would start,., it is not. likely that ; the assassin went before hiin;. We think tho guilty, party must be looked for in some one wbo'wns well acquainted with Thompson's habits, rather than in one who would be likely, to) waylay poor Davis. Wo believe we are correct in stating that" the deceased was in partnerehip' with Afr. Green, who was murdered by Chamberlain and another "nbout four years since, for .which ' crime tliey were condemned sn'd liiing. Alr. Supcrin- tendent Winch dispntched' assistance1 yesterday to. Yncknndandali, and every .'exertion " is 'being, used to foi ward 'the ends of'jus'tieo/biit.atpfe- sont we 'have heard of ho cluobeiiig' obtained. We would just throw out a hint of there being some blackfcllows near tho Little Hirer, who 7- 7 might be of great assistance in discovering and running down BUBpicious tracks. It is expected that tlio Alining .Commission will .commence their labours early next week. Offices have been taken in the premises in Queen ' street recently occupied by tiie Treasury Depart ment. The ship Alprnvlnn, for London, will, weather permitting, haul out from the Snudridge Rail way pier, this day, at noon. An adjourned general meeting of the Sir Henry Barkly Cricket Club was held on Thurs day evening, at which" tho following gentlemen wero elected office-bearers for the next season : — AI. Clcary, captnin and property-master ; James Healy, secretary ; aud Louis Davies, president. The Resident Surgeon of the Lying-in Hospital supplies the following returns for the month ending 31st July, I8G2: — Remaining in Hos pital at date, 27 ; admitted in month, 42 ; out patients during the month, 152 ; new cases, 61. We are requested to insert tiie following noti fication, emanating front tiie committee of. tlio Alclhourne Hospital : — " Tile committee of the Melbourne Hospital baring understood tlint it lias been publicly alleged, as a charge against tlic management of this charity, that persons by the payment of a specified sum, can entitle them selves to gratuitous medical assistance during tlic currency of the year, the committee hcg to state that no such rule or practice has ever pre vailed in this institution. — J. F. Palmer, chairman of committee." At a general meeting of tlic shareholders of tlio Tyson's Reef Company, held at Sandhurst, on Wednesday, a balance-sheet was submitted showing liabilities to the extent of L.1202 12s. 8d, against assets amounting to L.780 I8s. Gd. . -The manager, however, believed thnt the improved circumstances of the mino would soon ennlile tlio company to relieve itself from all liabilities. It was decided that all shares upon which" calls had not been paid up should be forfeited. The Bachelors' Ball, which took plnpe' on Tuesday night, was a very successful, nfiiiir. Notwithstanding tlio unpropitious state of "the weather tlio company was numerous, ; About . haif-pnst eight o'clock yesterday evening, cries of " Stop thief" were heard in Russell street, ihtiic neighbourhood of the Police Barracks. A well known had character, lianicd William Wliatncll, was being pursued by Detec tive Williams, who had n warrant- against him for a store robbery. Several of the City Police who were on their way to the barracks at tlio time, joined in tiie pursuit, and a most exciting chase was kept up for some timo along Little Lonsdale street. Wliatnoll, however," was 'eventually overtaken nnd secured by Williams, who speedily consigncd.iiis quarry to tlio chrc of the watchhouse keeper. Air. Johnston, the landlord Jof. tho Clarence hotel in - Collins street, one of our oldest and most respected colonists, attempted to commit suicide, yesterday morning, by tnkingstrychninc. It is said tlint nftcr obtaining tlic poison lie shut himself up in liis, bedroom nnd swallowed tlic deadly draught. The door of his room was forced open, nnd medical aid immediately having been procured, the stomach pump was used anil emetics given in order to prevent tlic docs from hnving a fatal effect. Last evening Air. John- sum win juueii ueuui. On Thursday last a servnnt girl, named Alary Ann Lnudingan, in the employ of Mr. Johnson, . chemist, at St. Kildn, took some crude opium. Dr." Hilias was scut for and applied the stomach pump, and the unfortunate giri is now going on 'well; It is stated that indulgence in intoxicating drink had caused her to commit the act. - Yesterday morning a young woman, named Annie Wfiliams, attempted self-destruction by -throwing herself into the. Yarrh just above the bridge over the Falls. Fortunately she -was observed by two sailors and Constable : Fitz gerald, who immediately proceeded to the spot, and ono of the men, nnincd Spaievy, having jumped in after her, succeeded iu rescuing her. She was taken to the hospital. An action for slander was tried In the Supreme Court, yesterday, before His Honour tiie Chief J usiice. The plaintiff was Air. W B. Gilbert, editor of Clougli's Circular, and the defendant Air. James Caple, lately carrying on business as a bookseller in Collins street. From both gen tlemen having a large circle of acquaintances, an unusual degree of interest wns, manifested in the case, and the Court was of course crowded by their friends in tho expectation that there would be n considerable amount of pleasantry evoked. The case, however, fell far benentii what was evidently anticipated in this respect, and consequently a grant deal of laughter re mains unprovoked, ns only ouo or two occasions for risibility occurred. The slander nnd the action had its origin in incongruous circum stances of the, Bowie and Wilson trial, and a debt of 17s. Gil. which tlio plaintiff lind owed the defendant for some time previously. On the evening of tlieGth of June; last, while the Bowie and Wilson ease was in progress, ;tlie plaintiff and defendnnt rniet at tlio Alelbourne station of the Alclhourne nnd St. Kildu Rnilwny, nnd nlong with several of their mutual acquaint-, ances went into the refreshment-room. ; The plnintiff. nccording to Ids version of what took place, offered to bet tiie defendant n shilling as to the result of the Bowie and Wilson trial ; and the defendant then proposed tlint as tlic plaintiff owed him 17s. Gd., the bet should he double or quits. The plnintlif . accepted the proposition, hut said he had not n sufficient amount with him at tlic time. Mr. Ciiplc then indulged in some expressive expletives, - such ns "Iin'r," ''swindler," "thief,",: etc. .- Tlio . defendant, however,; said tlint Air. Gilbert offered to bet :1dm a. pound, and lie then said to 1dm that if he could bet a pound lio could piiy liim tlic I7s Gdhc owed him. Some' further altercation took place nt Alelbourne; nnd on the train, ronchingrst. Kilda it wns; renewed, — Air. Cnple again asking Air. Gilbert for the 17s Gd. There both parties, with .their friends, visited the bar, where they remained for some time. According to tlic plnintiff, he. did not drink there, but several of the witnesses said lie drank two nohhlers nlong xvitk the rest of tho ' company. Before leaving Air. Gilbert called Air. Cnple a disreputable old man, or, as other witnesses said, n disreputable old tradesman.- He also said to Air. Caple— " I knowsomeof your antecedents," whereupon Air. Caple took off liis lint and said-; — " My. name is James Cnple; what have you got to say V'. Tlio bullying, as, it was described, continued, and : Air. Caple said to Air. Gilbert, "You were sent, out at your country's expense for . your country's good," : and added that: the' plaintiff- was n liar; Air. Gilbert asked if liny one else said so,- and. Mr. Caple replied, '(Yes; Sam. House and Sichcl siiy'sb." Wlum tlio party' left tlio bar tliey crossed the street together, and Mr. Cnple, . 'addressiiig.AIi'. Gilbert, said he would ruin liira with Cioiigh, and that lie nnd Bnillie would do it. These, Mr." Gilbert said, were the last words used, hut Air. , Cnple soid'tliat the Inst words were used by , Mr. Gilbert, who . accused iiim of not fulfilling a promise to' give him some high dried. Welsh snuff. One of the witnesses for the plaintiff said ho-thought by what Mr; Caple said tlint Mr. Gilbert lind been transported, nud others regarded the whole proceeding ns n piecc of clinff, hut one of these thought the chnff ended when Afr. . Caple asked for the 17s Gd. After parting company with" Air. ': Gilbert)' the gentlemen., who remained with Air. Cnple said "lie "had" got "the worst': of, it — that Air. Gilbert . - had . bullied him. better then lie bullied Air. 'Gilbert. Mr. Sichcl was called by the plainflff, . for the purpose of allow ing defendant's couiisel' toquestioh; him as to whether he lind ever said tlint Mr. Gilbert was a liar, but Mr. Alicliic declined to take advantage of tho opportunity. Tlic evidence ns a whole, . together with the impressions of the various wit nesses ns to tlio nature of the altercation, left it pretty much for tlio jury to say whether the slanderous longupge was used in earnest or only in chaff; : The jury seemed to consider thnt it was nil chaff, and nwnrded the plaintiff nfnrtliing damages. Tills leaves both parties to pay their own expenses. Tiie annoyance caused to railway passengers by persons smoking' in carriages, other than those set apart for Hint purpose, has lately been carried to an extent whicli rendered it desirable, if not ncccsssnry, on tlio pnrt of tlio railway company to take steps to put a stop to tlic practice. At the St. Kildn Police Court, yester- dny, nil individual named Ward, n working man, wns summoned by the Hobson's Bay Rnilwny Company, by whom lie wns formerly employed, for committing a breach of their bye-laws by persisting in smoking in one of their railway carriages after ho lind been requested to desist. The offence took plaee on tlic night of tiie 2nd inst., . the defendnnt being n passenger by tlio 11.30 train from Melbourne. The magistrates expressed their desire to deal witli the case in a manner which would net as a public caution, but felt a difficulty in arriving nt a decision inasmuch ns tho bye-law framed by the Rnilwny Company re ferring to the ense was not in nccordnncc with the act. After some hesitation, however, tlic tlic defendant admitted thnt lie lind been smoking contrary to the regulations of the complainants, and consented to contribute ten shillings to tlio poor box in settlement of the affair. A summons was then called on against a man named Alurpliy iui- uu assault in connection whu luciosc case, oui ns it wti3 not clearly proved that tlic summons lind been served, and Alurpliy was not in atten dance, the case wns struck out. Several unim- portnnt cases and summonses for small debts wcrealso disposed of. Air. B. Cowdcroy (clinir- mnn) and a full bench of magistrates were iu attendance. The only case worthy of record nt the East Coilingwood Police Court yesterday, was a sum mons, Airs. Esiier v. Houston, for obtaining money under false pretences. It appeared that the defendnnt had gona to tlio plaintiff, nnd on the strength of n statement tlint he was employed by a Air. Ciirlstopliersori, in Smith street, Coi lingwood, obtained bonrd and residence, for which .lie had nftcrwnrds refused to pay. The Bench considered there was no case of obtaining money under false pretences, and dismissed the sum mons. Tlio forgery cases occupied tlio attention of tlio City Bench for some hours again yesterday. William Foster and Charles Wilson were com mitted for trial for forging the name of Air. Thomas Clark, solicitor at Brighton, to a cheque for L58. Foster and Tlioinns Swaingcr were then charged with forging nud uttering a cheque for L2G5, and in this instance the name of Air. Joseph John Smith, leatliersellcr of Lonsdale street, was ' used. The evidence iu this cose consisted mainly in the almost uncorroborated testimony of Ogilvic, the approver, a man who in course of cross-examination admitted that lie had known Foster at Van Diemen's Lnnd and Norfolk' Island. He it was who presented the cheque at tlio Bank, nnd obtained L8G as his share in the transaction. Tlic prisoners were hotii committed for trial on this charge nlso. Tlio two approvers, Ogilvie aud Aungier, were then placed in the dock in order tlmt tliey might be remanded, but the Bencli declined to dctnin tlio latter, ns lie was absolutely charged witli tlic snihcoffcncc for which the men had just been committed. He wns therefore discharged, hut the detectives very soon took care of liim, so ns to prevent liis getting away. Ogilvie was re manded on the charge of uttering a forged cheque for L844 at tlic Union Bank. Dr. Candler licld an inquest, nt Praliran, on the Gth instant, concerning tho death- of Marin Spinks, who died- on tlic day previous. It ap peared that decaased- had been for a considerable time addicted to habits of intemperance. Her husband had used' every means in his power to prevent her from obtaining drink; but to no pur pose. On Tuesday last he went out to liis work, leaving his wife1 apparently in her usual health, and on liis return in the afternoon lie found Jier lying spcceliless on the floor. A doctor was sent for, hut before' he could arrive deceased had breathed her last. Ah". Llewellyn made a po«t mortem examination, and stated the cause of death to be serous apoplexy, the remit of in temperance. The inquest was adjourned until yesterday, and, in the meantime, Air. Llewellyn made a further examination, iu order to nsccrtaiu whether nny poison existed in the' stomach, but could find none. The jury returned a verdict, " Tlint the cause of death was serous apoplexy, the result of intemperance." One of tlio most interesting footbnll matches of the season will take place this afternoon, on the Alelbourne ground, should the weather prove sufficiently favourable. The sides will ho chosen from the clubs north and south of tlio Ynrra, so tlint there is every probability of each bringing a strong team into the field. ' . Air. Barry Sullivan makes his first appearance 'on the colonial stage this eyenrag/at the Theatre Royal, in the character of Hninlet. He will be supported by Mr. Warner as the Ghost) Air. Edwards ns Laertes, and Air. II. 1 Jackson nstlio first grnvedigger; Airs. Poole making her rentreo on this occasion ns tlio Queen, and Aliss.Joey Gougcnhcim hers in the character of Ophelia. The high eminence which Mr. Sullivan has obtained in liis profession is a sufficient guarantee of his capacity to fill tlio vncnncy caused by the departure of Air. G. V. Brooke, and ns a large proportion of liis nudiouce linve elsewhere lind tlio opportunity of testifying to liis liigh merits as an actor of the leading roles of the legitimate drama, lie will linve no difficulty, wo are confident, in satisfying liis first set of Aus tralian critics. At tlio Princess's Theatre, to-night, Bourcl- cnult's comedy, " London Assurance, " will be represented for the first timo, with Mr. Jefferson ns tho representative of Aleddie. The piece lias been very strongly east. The entertainment provided at tlio Alechnnies' Institute yesterday evening by Air. T. P. Hill, assisted by some of his ablest pupils, attracted a largo attendance. The programme, which em braced selections from the' works of stnndnrd authors, was thoroughly justified by tlic able mariner in which Mr. Hill's, pupils nc- quittcd. themselves. AInster Finn . obtained nn encore ibr " Faithless Nelly Gray," and, gave the " Queen's ' Letter.'.' The "Scene bctween-tho .two Wcllcrs at the Blue Boar,'.' ns recited by Messrs. 'Hnrrison and Allan, was very amusing. Tho former throwing into his part, an amount of spontaneous humour which gained him the rapturous applause of tho -audience. " Tho Member's First Speech in Parliament " 1 was exceedingly well given by AInster Allan, who may deservediv bo ranked amongst Mr. Hill's foremost pupils. " The Attractive Young Lndy," recited by blasters Ilnrriron, Allan, and Duncan, also elicited loud demonstrations of satisfaction. The youthful interlocutors thoroughly succeeded in exciting the risible faculties of their audience. Air. Hill himself gave Tennyson's " Charge of the GOO." There is no doubt that the boys have been well taught, and Mr. Hill must have been much gratified nt the proficiency displayed by them, ns well as the pleasing kind of recognition which they obtained from so numerous nud respectable an attendance. 