ROCKHAMPTON. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) WEDNESDAY, DEC. 24. TimUlaroncc arrived on the morning of the 22nd bringing, as usual, a large addition to our population. ISN'T HE A " NIPPER securing the distribution of the mail per last Queensland, a shindy of an exciting character took place, developing to almost alarming extent cannibalism' in the" postmaster ! It has often been said by unfortunate inquirers for letters at our local post office that they had reason to fear the Cerberus in charge would " bite their heads off," but on the occasion referred to, it was manifest that the shares had most need of protection. I daresay you remember the case of the rash man who put his hand into the tiger's den at Watson's Bay, Sydney, and had to leave it there, and who afterwards " gave up the ghost " in conse q fence; well, if you, or any of your sensa- tion loving readers, want to see a man-eater they need not go out of their colony. Let them pay us a visit, and (if they have strong nerves) put their hands into the post office window but I would caution them to protect their rights with stout leather or Iron gauntlets, otherwise the venturesome experimenter might, like the man at Watson's Bay, leave his fist behind him. But, my dear editor, let me put the thing to you personally. Suppose you, in your tour through the north, were innocently to put your valuable right hand within reach of our tiger, and suppose said tiger was to amputate it, what a serious loss the Queensland public would sustain your readers especially 1 yet, it is actually true that good Book hamptons, on the arrival of every mail, do really have to risk the loss of a hand, or go without their letters. Ever since I heard of the recent manifestation of postal ferocity I have not ventured my pass within reach of the monster, but have applied for my letters with a good old pair of tongs ; but, as the frog eaters say, let us return to our muttons. A crowd of eager people were pressing against the post office window for their letters. One man was pushed through the window, and given in charge to the police for smashing the glass. A certain auctioneer put his hand inside the window, when the hungry postmaster at once seized it between his tooth, giving it a severe bite If the teeth had been sharper, and the jaws larger and stronger, the result might have resembled the Watson's Bay denouement. As it is, the unfortunate auctioneer yet bears the marks of our Postmaster's teeth. Don't you think it time we had a branch Post-office after that? CAUTION TO LAWYERS. The other day, Mr. John Bourke, solicitor, late of Maryborough, applied to the Bench to bind over Mr. T. Burnet, J.P., to keep the peace, averring that Mr. Burnet had horse-whipped him, and threatened to do it again. The particulars of this interesting affair are gathered from the evidence of both parties at the Police Court. It appears that while at dinner at the Fitzroy Hotel Mr. Bourke used some very offensive language, for which Mr. Burnet demanded an apology, which apology was not forthcoming. Mr. Burnet then waited on Mr. Bourke in the next room, and said, " You refuse to apologise ?" " I do," was the reply. Mr. Burnet then hit Mr. Bourke a slight blow across the shoulders with a small stick, and said, " Consider yourself horse- whipped." Mr. Burnet declared in Court that he did not wish to hurt Mr. Bourke, and that the blow would not have killed a fly. Mr. Bourke liked the feel of his aggressors weapon so much that one trial did not satisfy him. Accordingly as Mr. Burnet was leaving the room, he was called back by his victim, who requested him to repeat the process in the following polite terms : " Will you kindly come into the other room and do it before the gentlemen there, as I will make you pay for it?" So courteous an invitation was irresistible, and the result was another gentle- blow, said not to he sufficient to kill a butterfly. So the matter ended, and the Bench, on hearing the above facts, were callous enough to refuse poor Bourke's wait for protection, BANANA. The latest date from this township is the 10th December. The late thunder-showers seem to have visited Banano. The waterholes were filled to overflowing, and the grass was beginning to show itself in better condition. About 9000 sheep passed through for the north on the 4th, driven by Messrs. M'Cloud and Phorrier. The weather had again become very warm. MR. LANDSBOROUGH paid us a short visit a week since, but the time was too limited to allow a public demonstration. A dinner was got up in his honor, to which he was invited, and a very pleasant evening was spent; but this was only a private reunion, initiated by a few of his more immediate friends. YEPPEN YEPPEN WALTER-The corporation now compel all water-carriers to fetch water for domestic purposes from the lagoon bearing the above name. The water is fine but the carriers have raised the price per cask from 1s. 6d. to 2s. 6d. The council deserve public thanks for this step, especially when it is borne in mind that Dr. Callaghan, our Coroner, has traced several complaints in children directly to the bad water with which the town was recently supplied. BRUTAL ASSAULT One George West, a votary of St. Crispin, having some grievance to complain of with Alex. M'Kaskell, respect- ing a tent, retaliated in true Anglo-Saxon style by striking him two blows with the naked fist, knocking him down. No notice was taken of this by M'Kaskell until some hours had elapsed, when, seeing West's attention wholly engrossed by a row which was taking place between a barber and a butcher, be armed himself with a heavy axe handle, and without a word of warning rushed across the street and felled West like a bullock, beating him on the ground. For this he was fined £2 and costs. MARLBOROUGH TOWNSHIP. The allotments were submitted, by Mr. Wormald, for sale a week ago. There were only about 90 lots sold. The highest bid per quarter- acre was £20, and the lowest only £2 12s. 6d. BROAD MOUNT The township laid out at this spot is very generally regarded here as a Government catch-penny. Some speculators have applied for more land to be" surveyed near the town, but the want of fresh water will be a most serious drawback. FORGED CHEQUES Two hang dog looking fellows, and a simpleton named Clarke, were yesterday charged with uttering forged cheques. The forgeries were in the signature of Daniel Cameron. The bungling manner of the writing, however, excited suspicion, and Rogers and Wyllder were committed. Clarke, who appears to have merely been the tool of the others, was discharged. WHARFAGE RATES. Yesterday, at 3 p.m. a meeting was held in the old custom house of those dissatisfied with the present high rates of wharfage, and insufficient accommodation. Captain Hunter in the chair. Mr Bertram proposed, and Mr. Mulligan seconded, the following resolution-That this meeting views with regret the steps taken by the Municipal Council in selling the wharves without determining the rights and limits of the lessees, so as to prevent the possibility of dispute."-Unanimously carried. Mr. Shaw proposed, and Mr. Hutchinson seconded, the second resolution which was as follows, and unanimously carried : - "That this meeting is of opinion that the scale of charges now used and applicable in Sydney, where every convenience exists, is not suited to this port where the wharfage accommodation is very inferior, and insufficient for the trade and that such scale requires revision."-The'third resolution, also adopted, was proposed by Mr. Livermore, and seconded by Mr. Bertram, being "That in the opinion of this" meeting goods in transitu, whether produce for exportation, or general merchandize, imported into the district, should only be liable for one export or import wharfage . unless in the case of merchandise where the goods are again shipped beyond the limits of the port The fourth and last resolution was as follows, proposed by Mr. Hutchinson and seconded by Mr. Mulligan :-" That this' meeting strongly condemns the attempt to enforce wharfage charges on local produce landed on the banks of the river, where no wharfage accommodation exists." Carried. FIRE On Saturday, a fire broke out in Henriques and Co.'s yard, by which a number of boxes and straw were consumed. The flames were subdued without difficulty. The origin of the fire is unknown. SCHOOL OF ARTS-The Government have sent a reply to the deputation who waited on the Secretary of Lands, intimating that an immediate grant of £100 will be conferred, and £200 more on a like amount being procured by local effort. A building for present use will be ¡nnnfdiatoly erected. WEATHER Close and cloudy. 