NEWS AND NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. CCX. The rumpus between the Education Board of Queensland and the Executive is not seemly. Is it not strange that this question of education, in which the dearest and ten- derest of interests -— those of the infant now and the man and woman through all after life -— are concerned, should constantly pro- voke this bickering and antagonistic spirit ? Here, with us, we all remember that there was positively a political convulsion because Mr. Cowper dismissed Mr. Plunkett from the Chairmanship of the National School Board. In that case, however, the chairman had used terms to the head of the Govern- ment which no minister could submit to without degrading himself and his office, and had sent a letter to the public prints, where it appeared before ever the original had reached the Colonial Secretary's hands. It was a bold act of our then newly- fledged reform Premier, and he and his friends fought out the battle well. The dismissal of the Queensland Education Board is a somewhat different case, and more like the " sack", with which our Sydney Pilot Board was recently presented for declining to do as the Treasurer ordered. How far " Boards" ap- pointed by the Executive are strictly respon- sible to that authority must of course in a great measure depend on the nature of their tenure -— whether appointed under an Act of Parliament, and, if so, with what conditions and limitations, or whether holding office by virtue of a parliamentary resolution only. For my part, I would rather at any time, under responsible government, see the Exe- cutive ousted from office, and lend a hand in the job, than seek to degrade it when exer- cising its legitimate functions. To me it appears, from what I have observed of the working of responsible government as yet, that the Executive and the legislature have nowhere yet come to a proper understanding with each other, with a regard to a due respect for and conservation of the dignity of each. Some of the Assemblies exhibit too strong a desire to treat ministers as if they were running footmen, and the ministers too often retort by a despotic assumption that only provokes greater bitterness. Perhaps mere outsiders rather like this, and, not being very charitably minded, expect to derive benefit from the squabbles, on the principle that when certain people fall out, certain other people come by their own ; but this is a blackguard way of viewing the subject. After all, mutual jealousy and a little dash of antagonism between the two authorities, is much safer for the people at large than would be too close an understanding and agreement. The Samson arrived here yesterday. She is an erratic sort of customer, spending a month or two in Brisbane, and then running up on a flying visit to the metropolis — anon starting off again for old Megantyn ; a pleasant life, and one that I should not object to participate in. On Saturday, the much, and no doubt deservedly, abused Sea Witch, bought for a pilot boat, was taken for a " trial trip" down the harbor. There is certainly some- thing absurd in the idea of such a trial trip for a sea-going pilot boat, which ought to be able to sail in the wind's eye when a hurricane is blowing on a lee shore. There was scarcely any wind at all, and the Sea Witch only knocked about the harbor, not venturing out to sea. She sails well with a fair wind, but so will a saucer. It comes to a different matter close-hauled. I mention this Sea Witch because she formed the casus belli between our Government and the late Pilot Board, and because the whole affair is likely to be productive of more trouble yet, Captain Moriarty — a persevering little chap, and with lots of pluck — having obtained a committee to inquire into the causes of the dismissal of the Board. The coroner has held an inquest on the body of the man found murdered near Liver- pool. At first it was thought that the crime had been committed by an escaped lunatic from Tarban Creek, of whom theere are two at large, but some matters mentioned in the evidence would seem to indicate, after all, that the apparent pauper might have had money in his possession. No one has as yet been arrested for the murder, so far as is known. I subjoin particulars of the evi- dence given at the inquest :-- Robert Campbell, carrier, of Greenhills, near Liverpool, deposed : Yesterday forenoon, about eleven o'clock, he was in search of his horse lost in the bush ; saw a track from a high road near the junction of the Dog Trap Road with the Sydney Road ; it appeared as if a small log had been drawn along ; witness followed the track, and came upon the body of a man ; did not handle it, or see the face, but went into Liverpool and informed the police ; the feet were naked ; looked at the place on the road from which the track started, and found a few drops of blood ; found no marks of a fight or scuffle ; witness went back with the constable and helped him to put the body in a cart ; he had had no knowledge of deceased. James Harden, laborer, deposed : Saw the deceased yesterday morning, about 9 o'clock, travelling on foot from Liverpool, with some things on his back ; he was dressed, and had shoes or boots on, and a " billy-can " in his hand ; he was sober ; had seen him the night before, camped this side of the railway gate ; did not speak to him then ; did on the fol- lowing morning ; deceased asked if that was the Sydney road ; he laughed, and seemed very merry ; witness directed him on his way; had never seen him before to his know- ledge. Robert Campbell, recalled, stated : My horse was found about 1 o'clock ; he had been tied with a rope to another horse ; I took him from the horse to give him a drink, and he got away with the rope hanging loose ; he went into the bush two miles nearer Sydney than where the body was found. James Gallagher, constable, Liverpool police, deposed that he was ordered to go to the place where the body of deceased lay ; he found the body in a thick scrub, apparently purposely concealed ; there was nothing on the body but a shirt and a blue shirt thrown over his person ; followed the track along the bush, and found blood, and, he believed, a portion of the man's brains on the ground ; the blood was all along the track here and there, some very fresh ; could trace no foot-marks either of a man or horse ; afterwards followed the track to the road, and there found more blood, evidently purposely concealed with dust and leaves ; he turned the earth up with his knife, and found a large patch of blood ; looked for traces of a fight or scuffle, but could find none ; found a tent loose, not tied up, behind a large fallen tree, apparently placed for concealment ; found part of a pair of black cloth trousers, torn right in two, and an odd boot ; another pair of boots, a tin can and a knife were lying beside him ; there was blood on the handle of the knife, but none on the blade ; could not find the remaining part of the trousers, or his clothes ; a brace was round deceased's neck, as if to afford a pur- chase to pull him into the bush by ; there was no pocket in the part of the trousers found ; found no money, but some bread and meat, salt, and some leather straps ; he removed the body ; the place on the road was about half a mile from the turnpike gate. A juryman stated that his wife had given a man some bread and meat about half- past 9 yesterday morning ; as he passed the turn- pike gate, he begged for the victuals. George Shields, having been sworn, stated : I am landlord of the house ; know the deceased by sight ; he used to carry brooches, chains, pins, &c.;, for sale ; he bought and sold as well ; had seen him backwards and for- wards here for the last two years ; never saw him without money; he used to have a carpet bag and a sort of jeweller's box ; I believe the tin can found is one I have drunk out of ; I am sure it is the same man ; I do not know his name ; I did not see him yesterday ; he has told me he had friends in Sydney and Mudgee. Dr. G. H. Pringle deposed : I am a duly qualified medical practitioner; I have made a post mortem examination of the deceased ; found considerable rigidity of the body; there are no signs of violence on the trunk or ex- tremities ; there is a large contused and lace- rated wound of the scalp in the upper and back part of the head, a little on the left side, and a puffy and ecchymosed spot on the right eye, without any corresponding wound ; the face is a good deal scratched ; found a quan- tity of spines or thorns in the hair and beard ; on removing the scalp at the seat of the wound I found an extensive radiating frac- ture of the skull, commencing at the upper corner of the left parietal bone, passing across the roof of the skull down to the outer angle of the right orbit ; and another fracture of the skull, extending down to the left ear across the base of the skull, dividing the splenoid bone. These two fractures detach the parietal bones completely from the other bones of the skull. The brain is completely broken up at the seat of the original fracture. The injury extends down as far as the junc- tion of the spinal cord. A considerable quantity of the brain must have escaped. There is a large extravasation of black blood over the interior part of the brain on the right side corresponding with the line of fracture first described. All the other organs of the body were perfectly healthy, with the exception of the signs of old disease to the right lung, not sufficient to cause death. He was remarkably healthy for his age,'which I should say was between sixty and seventy ; the fracture might have been caused by the head of an axe or some other such instru- ment ; the blows must have been the result of very great force ; the blow or blows were probably from behind ; no fall, except from a very great height, could have caused the injuries ; death must have been instanta- neous ; the stock of a gun might have caused the injuries, but the stock would have also been broken, I think. This closed the evi- dence, and, the coroner having summed up, the jury found a verdict of " Wilful murder, by some person or persons unknown." Notwithstanding all our famous New Po- lice, the portion of our population who live by the blindness of their conscientiousness and the nimbleness of their fingers, can still find abundant and profitable employment until in an evil hour some wakeful blue- bottle pounces upon them, and takes them " home" again, to " the Island." Such was the case late on 'Saturday night, or early on Sunday morning, when a policeman caught two rascals with a loaded pistol in the cellar of Mr. Meacher's public house, at the bottom of Dowling-street, Woolloomooloo, while another beauty was watching outside. The fellows in the cellar made a rush at the con- stable, but he secured one of them, and the thief on guard outside has since been taken, while the second of the " cellarmen" is known. They are all notorious thieves. Respecting the late attack upon the police at Lambing Flat, a local paper gives the fol- lowing particulars:- One of the most cowardly attacks ever made on quiet and orderly citizens was per- petrated by four ruffians on Sunday morning, about three o'clock, on Sergeant Musgrove and escort-trooper Beatie. They were re- turning home to the Camp, when they observed four men coming from the back of Captain Batty's office towards the creek. Without a note of warning, a blow from a knife was aimed at Beattie, and a general attack on the two officers commenced. The sergeant had a loaded whip, which failed him in the hour of need, breaking short off at the head, and leaving nothing but the light cane handle at his disposal. He, however, felled one of the assailants, and secured him, but observing that the other three had Beattie on the ground, doing their utmost, apparently, to murder him, Mr, Musgrave let the fourth man loose, and went to the rescue of his com- panion. By this time, the shouts for assist- ance, with cries of murder, had reached the Camp, and a soldier ran down, half dressed and unarmed, to the rescue. He, also, was severely, but not seriously, handled. Sergeant Gibbons and Mc Gee next came to the rescue, and a fíerce struggle ensued. Three of the assailants were knocked down and secured, but the fourth managed to escape, and the two wounded offi- cers were conveyed to the camp. They were both covered with blood and dust, and fear- fully hacked about the head. At first it was supposed that Beattie was mortally wounded. We are glad to learn that he is much better, though not still out of danger. The surgeon was obliged to shave the heads of both men in order to dress their wounds. The whole affair, as to the motives of the assailants, is a mys- tery to us. Under the very eyes of the sentries was the outrage committed, and it was of a nature to prove that nothing short of murder was intended. A man who gave a very ram- bling and unsatisfactory account of his past morning's proceedings, and who, in addition, had an ugly mark of recent making on his fore- head, was captured by the police about six hours after the affray. The public will soon be in a position to judge of the whole affair from the records of the police court. At present, however, the wounded men are quite incapable of removal. Imme- diately after the locking-up of the three men already referred to, sergeant Gibbons and trooper Dwyer ran down to the Flat for Dr. Temple. They perceived a man coming from Dooley's public house with a box in his possession, and fancying that four o'clock on Sunday morning was hardly a time honest men would select for the removal of goods of their own, the police-officers arrested the man on suspicion. Being without arms or handcuffs, they were obliged to tie his wrists together with a handkerchief, and, leaving him in charge of Dwyer, the sergeant went round the house to see if there were any more prowlers in the neighborhood. The man, being left with but one trooper, suddenly re- leased his hands, and aimed a blow at his guardian's head with a loaded instrument, weighty enough to fell an elephant. Fortu- nately for Dwyer, the good intentions of his prisoner were perceived in time, and the force of the blow was broken on Dwyer's arm, while his temple was but slightly wounded. The man made off, but Dwyer was close at his heels, and soon brought his man to grief, when he was firmly secured and conducted to the camp. The late discreditable case of Crim. Con. — far more discreditable indeed than ap- peared from the newspaper reports — has re- vived, in conversation, the subject of the necessity that exists for a cheap divorce law. The principal parties concerned in this late case — I mean the husband and wife — can certainly never live togetheragain, yet they cannot get a formal and legal separation without great cost. I remember, several years ago, this subject being brought pro- minently and painfully forward by a writer at Ipswich, who addressed a letter thereon to the Courier. In his case, apparently, the the boot was on the other leg. He pointed out how a husband, with every desire to do- mesticate himself and remain with his family, might be driven from home in dis- gust by a long course of bad habits on the part of the wife — continued intoxication, for in- stance, — and how impossible it was to save his children from the consequences of this lamentable state of things, unless some ex- tension and facility were afforded in the divorce laws. I see, by the way, that the first case under the divorce laws of Victoria, is now being tried in that colony. The ship Queen of England, bilged at Newcastle, has arrived in Sydney, and will be here docked. Writing from Carcoar to the Herald on the 29th May, a correspondent says:- " Murder and drunkenness are so generally combined together that we seldom hear of the former crime being committed without the latter being the instigator or cause. A fiendish assault, arising out of a drinking bout, was perpetrated at one of Mr. Icely's sheep stations on the Lachlan River a few days ago. A shepherd of the name of Cum- mings went to Canowindra, and purchased a quantity of rum, with which he returned to the station, where the shepherds and hut- keepers commenced drinking ; the hut- keeper, who is a very old man, was quickly overcome by the potency of the drink, crawled off to bed, and was soon asleep, but the other two continued to drink away until they quarrelled, when Cummings struck his fellow-shepherd, named Moses Moltram, a violent blow on the head, which prostrated him senseless on the floor, where he lay for several hours ; when he recovered, he called out to the hutkeeper to bring him a blanket, as he was very cold. The hutkeeper got up and obtained a light, when he found the hut covered with blood, and Moltram stretched on the ground, with three of his fingers, a thumb, and part of his hand chopped off, and several frightful wounds about his body and head. The hutkeeper proceeded to the nearest station and reported the case. Mol- tram is now on his way to the hospital, and Cummings was apprehended by constable Sykes, who has lodged him in the lock up, where he awaits an examination." At " Good Dog," in the Illawarra district, a poor fellow named Nean was accidentally killed last week. It appears that Nean took his dray to bring some things from the river, and that it was dark when he left for home. His bullocks were young and restive, and Kennedy at the ferry, dreading some harm, tried to persuade him to remain there all night, but without avail. By Nean's own account, when about a mile from home, he missed his foot in trying to jump on the dray, and the wheel went over him ; he made a second attempt, and again the wheel passed over him, about the region of the stomach. He was found in the morning — suffering from thirst and inward pain — by James Evison, who had him taken home, and the doctor sent for. Nean died the following morning. An inquest was held by the coroner in the afternoon, when a verdict was given that " Deceased came to his death by injuries received from the dray he was driving passing over his body." It was a matter of surprise to the jury that the body showed no external marks of injury, although the dray and load must have weighed considerably over a ton. Apropos of Illawarra, a certain gentleman in that district is a firm believer in Spiritual- ism, and holds frequent seances in which table rapping is carried on to great perfection, to the infinite astonishment of the gentleman's commercial partner, who, half doubting, half frightened, can only listen in vague surprise in his own room, and mutter " will you never stop dat knocking?" I will not positively trace to this an amusing ac- count of a seance that appears in a recent number of the Empire, but am rather in- clined to think that it has some connection with it. The writer, having dined with the spiritual believer, in company with other friends, the table is cleared, and preparations are made for the seance. I make an extract : As it is desirable to be as particular as pos- sible, and to mention every circumstance cal- culated to enable others to form a judgment on the matter as well as ourselves, we may state that our host's wines were excellent, and that the brandy, a choice sample of Martell's, was pronounced equal to any ever imported. Shortly after eight o'clock, the glasses and decanters as before stated having been re- moved, the gentleman who had invited us, requested the company to place their hands on the table in such a manner that the little fingers of each person came in contact with those of his neighbors on the other side. One of the party, however, preferred to sit at a distance, and was prepared with pencil and paper to record everything that took place. After waiting almost in silence for about five minutes, some of the party being evidently, from their appearance, under a peculiar influ- ence, the gentleman who assumed the direction of the seance, asked in a solemn voice "Are there spirits present?" We waited for a few seconds without reply, when he repeated the question, adding " if there are, please to rap on the table three times." The words were scarcely uttered when three distinct raps were heard, apparently just under the ques- tioner's hand. We were all somewhat startled, and had scarcely recovered from our surprise, when the question was put, " What is the name of the spirit giving the raps ?" Mr. G. (the gentleman who put the question) then commenced repeating the alphabet slowly and distinctly, having previously requested the person who had undertaken the clerical duties to write down the letters at which the raps occurred. This went on for some minutes, the alphabet having to be commenced anew at each letter, when, no more raps being heard, we concluded that the answer was finished. We then found that the raps had occurred at the following letters :-- t o h y d n a r b Of course we could make nothing of this, and. as a repetition of the question only brought a similar answer, and as nobody had ever heard of such a person as Toh Ydnaib, it was at last decided to vary the question by asking the unknown, "Are you happy in your disembodied state ?" To this the reply was as follows : y l l o j y r e v We were if possible more puzzled than ever, and entirely failed to decipher the meaning, if there was any, in the singular combination of letters rapped out. We sup- posed the words to belong to some language with which we were unacquainted. Deter- mined, however, to investigate matters further, the spirit was informed that we were unable to understand the meaning of the pre- vious raps, and that we desired to communi- cate with a spirit who could converse in English. " If there is a spirit present who can converse in English," said Mr. G., " will it please give three raps?" No sooner were the words uttered than there came a rat-tat- tat on the table, for all the world as if three or four of Mr. G.'s teeth had dropped on the polished mahogany. " What is your name ? " was the next question. To this the following answer was rapped out : n i l k n a r f n i m a j n e b Who, in the name of goodness could Nilknarf Nimajneb be ? We came to the con- clusion that the words had a twang about them as if they belonged to a North American Indian, but all our enquiries failed to elicit any satisfactory reply. Thinking it possible that questions coming from someother person than Mr. G. might be answered in a more satisfactory manner, we desired to be allowed to put a question, and, with a view to elicit practical and useful information which would throw light on previous answers, proposed the following :-" What is the nature of the means, or the character of the medium, by which spirits communicate with mortals?"_ The answer was as follows : e r u t s o p m i d n a y t i l u d e r c It was evident that we did not understand the spirit language, or that they did not un- derstand us, but still we resolved to persevere, hoping at length to discover the key or ex- planation to the mystery. With this view we put the following query, " What is the effect produced on men by their intercourse with spirits ?" To this the answer was, n o i t a c i x o t n i Of course we could make nothing of this jumble of letters, and the question was varied by asking, " By what means can a knowledge of spirit rappings be communicated ?" To this the following answer was rapped out very distinctly and emphatically, g u b m u h All this was very provoking, and the whole affair was beginning to be considered so tire- some and annoying, that it was remarked by one of the party, if nothing more useful than we had heard could be learned from the spirits, their acquaintance was not worth seeking. The next question, " What's the use of Spiritualism?" was asked by one of the party who had hitherto remained silent. The words were not intended to be addressed to the spirits, but to Mr. G. himself. No sooner, however, were they uttered than that gentleman commenced repeating the alpha- bet, and at the following letters the raps were given louder than ever : s s e n i s u b n w o r u o y d n i m We puzzled ourselves for a short time over this apparently absurd nonsense, when Mr. T. suddenly exclaimed, " I have it ! The words should be read backwards or from right to left, like the Hebrew, and many other languages." This thought, he said, had occurred to him from a consideration of the fact that that was the most ancient way of writing, and would probably be the one preferred by the spirits to the more modern method. It was, as he remarked, more conservative, and therefore more re- spectable. Most of us agreed with the latter observation, and perceived at once, on re- versing the order of the letters, that he had actually discovered the key to unlock the difficulty under which we had hitherto la- bored. The practical wisdom, too, contained in the words formed by the letters when re- versed — viz., " Mind your own business," and the aptness of the reply to the somewhat im- pertinent query which had been put as to the use of Spiritualism, struck us all as very remarkable. All the party were now very eager to apply this method to the previous answers, and especially to the name of the spirit which before had puzzled us so much, and of which, at the time it was rapped out, we could make nothing but Nilknarf Nimaj- neb. Now, however, the matter was perfectly clear. We were conversing with no less a spirit than that of Benjamin Franklin, and might reasonably hope to get from " Poor Richard's" ghost a few words of wholesome advice and judicious counsel. Very different from this, however, does Sir E. B. Lytton regard Spiritualism, in his last tale (just complete) called "A Strange Story," and which most of your readers have probably by this time perused. It is a strangely fanciful and fantastic work. By-the-bye, as, presuming on old acquaintance and good nature, I am often quite flippant enough in these communications of mine, may I be al- lowed here to turn to something a little more serious, and take an extract from the latter part of this work of Bulwer's, on the subject of internal evidence of the soul, as contra- distinguished from the mere mind, or reason of man : -- " This, then, I take to be the proof of Soul in Man, not that he has a mind — because, as you justly say, inferior animals have that, though in a leaser degree — but because he has the capacities to comprehend, as soon as he is capable of any abstract ideas whatsoever, the very truths not needed for self-conservation on earth. and therefore not given to yonder ox and opossum — viz ., the nature of Deity — Soul \-- Hereafter. And in the recognition of these truths, the Human society that excels the so- ciety of beavers, bees, and ants, by perpetual and progressive improvement on the notions inherited from its progenitors, rests its basis. Thus, in fact, this world is benefitted for men by their belief in the next, while the society of brutes remains age after age the same. Neither the bee nor the beaver has, in all pro- bability, improved since the Deluge. " But, inseparable from the conviction of these truths is the impulse of prayer and worship. It does not touch my argument when a philosopher of the school of Boling- broke or Lucretius says ' that the origin of prayer is in Man's ignorance of the phenomena of Nature.' That it is fear or ignorance which, ' when rocked the mountains or when groaned the ground, taught the weak to bend, the proud to pray,' my answer is — the brutes are much more forcibly impressed by natural phenomena than Man is ; the bird and the beast know before you and I do when the mountain will look and the ground groan, and their instinct leads them to shelter ; but it does not lead them to prayer. If my theory be right that Soul is to be sought not in the question whether mental ideas be innate or formed by experience, by the senses, by asso- ciation or habit, but in the inherent capacity to receive ideas, — then, the capacity be- stowed on Man alone, to be impressed by Nature herself with the idea of a Power supe- rior to Nature, with which Power he can establish commune, is a proof that to Man alone the Maker has made Nature itself pro- claim His existence — that to Man alone the Deity vouchsafes the communion with Him- self which comes from prayer." " Even were this so," said I, " is not the Creator omniscient? if all-wise, all-foreseeing? if all-foreseeing, all-preordaining? Can the prayer of His creature alter the ways of His will ?" " For an answer to that question," returned Faber, " which is so often asked by the clever men of the world, I ought to refer you to the skilled theologians who have so triumphantly carried the reasoner over that ford of doubt which is crossed oevery day by the infant. But as we have not their books in the wilderness, I am contended to draw up my reply as a necessary and logical sequence from the propositions I have sought to ground on the plain observation of Nature. I can only guess at the Deity's Omniscience, or His modes of enforcing His power, by the obser- vation of His general laws ; and of all His laws, I know of none more general than the impulse which bids men pray — which makes Nature so act, that all the phenomena of Nature we can conceive, however startling and inexperienced, do not make the brute pray; but there is not a trouble that can happen to Man, but what his impulse is to pray, — always provided, indeed, that he is not a philosopher. I say not this in scorn of the philosopher, to his wildest guess our obliga- tions are infinite, but simply because for all which is impulsive to Man, there is a reason in Nature, which no philosophy can explain away. I do not, then, bewilder myself by seeking to bind and limit the Omniscience of the Deity to my finite ideas. I content my- self with believing that somehow or other, He has made it quite compatible with His Omniscience that Man should obey the im- pulse that leads him to believe that, in ad- dressing a Deity, he is addressing a tender, compassionate, benignant Father, and in that obedience, shall obtain beneficial results. If that impulse be an illu- sion, then we must say that Heaven governs the earth by a lie ; and that is im- possible, because, reasoning by analogy, all Nature is truthful — that is, Nature gives to no species instincts or impulses which are not of service to it. Should I not be a shallow physician if, when I find in the human or- ganisation a principle or a property so general that I must believe it normal to the healthful condition of that organisation, I should refuse to admit that Nature intended it for use? Reasoning by all analogy, must I not say the habitual neglect of its use must more or less injure the harmonious well-being of the whole human system? I could have much to add upon the point in dispute, by which the creed implied in your question would enthral the Divine mercy by the necessities of its Divine wisdom, and substitute for a benignant Deity a relentless Fate. But here I should exceed my province. I am no theologian. Enough for me that in all affliction, all perplexity, an impulse, that I obey as an instinct, moves me at once to prayer? Do I find by experience that the prayer is heard, that the affliction is removed, the doubt is solved ? That, indeed, would be presumptuous to say. But it is not presumptuous to think that by the efficacy of prayer my heart becomes more fortified against the sorrow, and my reason more serene amidst the doubt." It is not often that I trouble you with such matters, but, for once, let it pass. And now to conclude. We are to have rather a gay month this moon. The Masonic Ball on the 24th, but that is not quite so fashionable an affair as it used to be ; the Birthday Ball on the 20th, for which the drapers are making exhi- bitions of robes and wreaths that light up the eyes of the ladies as they gaze, and make fond husbands button up their pockets -- alas, in vain ! for when beauty pleads where's the obdurate monster, &c.;, &c.; But perhaps the gayest will be the inauguration of the Wentworth statue on the 21st, when James Martin is to deliver the oration, and is sure to do it well. There is a good deal of humbug about this statue affair, but the oc- casion will call a very fashionable company together, if nothing intervenes to prevent it. The winter continues mild thus far, and rain still holds off. Monday Afternoon, 2nd June. 