A MORNING'S FOX HUNTING IN CENTRAL INDIA. (By "Black Buck " in the Australian Acclimatiser. ) A crisp cold morning in the early part of December -the most enjoyable month of the Indian season found three of us in a dog-cart, looking along the Well-made road that connects our somewhat secluded little station with the outer world, on our way to " the meet." As we rattled through the avenue of noble mango, trees that affords a grateful shelter to the wayfarer on either side of the road throughout its length, the lively call of the grey partridge rose on every side ," from the sugar-cane plantations ; now and then a great owl would glide off, like a flitting ghost, through the sombre foliage of the mangoes; or a late jackal , slouch across the road, the picture of a " conscious "Villain," returning from his midnight plundering. ' An hour's sharp driving brought us to our destination and mounting our nags we trotted off towards the open plain, where we expected to find Master Reynard at home. The "field" would astonish those accustomed to the polished finish of a meet at home. I must try to give an idea. There is not a bit of pink among us, to begin with, except that in which the master's whim has equipped his dog-boy a . (more like brickdust, after all who, mounted on a 20s. tattoo that is always getting loose and saluting his next neighbour in the ribs with his heels, and equipped with breeches, boots (a pair of old wellingtons), and hunting- can complete, represents , the whip of the establishment, and might almost 'be mistaken for the real thing at a distance! "JBungy" is by no means meant to go, but by judicious tactics he is somehow never very far away, and while the run lasts he may frequently be seen on a neighbouring eminence, watching with eagle eye the , turnings of the chase, ready to swoop down as soon as he sees symptoms of the finish. Now for the hounds. Guiltless of foxhounds blood are ( they, and all bear a marked family resemblance to a lean and greyhound bitch that trots on ahead of them, keeping a bright lookout on every side, and jumping up every now and then to get a better view over the plain. In fact they are all (four couples) her own progeny, got by one of the fine large pariah dogs of the Nerbudda valley. Three are fawn coloured, two brindled, and the rest brindled and white and strong, serviceable-looking cure they are. Neither are our nags exactly the sort to shine at Melton. They are n z -wiry little country-bred galloways, remarkable more for their skill in dodging cracks and holes than for a <, their speed in brilliant fencing. The scene of operations was a grassy flat of black cotton soil, abounding in yawning fissures left by last year's rains, and dry watercourses with crumbling, treacherous banks ; studded, moreover, with boulder covered eminences, affording safe harbour to numerous foxes, jackals, and a few childs altogether, about as ticklish ground for a horse to run away on as could be desired. We first found a cub, who ran a circle and lost his silvery, black tipped brush close to where we found him, showing no sport. The next was a rattling old dog, who stole away straight for the rocky hills, a stronghold where he would have saved his bacon. Although the pack finds it does not run by scent ; if it did, there would be precious few trophieS to show in such a country ; a fox would reach a place of safety here long before a regular pack of foxhounds had pulled out his scent and it is only by hard riding, and lifting the hounds on to the ' fox in (new that we can kill at all. We did so in the present case, but the gallant fox had nearly reached the rocks when the old bitch, putting on the team, made a ruin and turned him into the plain again. He then made for another isolated hill, and, after an exciting course in the open, was run into on the edge of stank. "Bungy" was not long in making his appearance, and severing the brush with a table-knife which he carries for the purpose. Fancy riding with a scathless table-knife in your breeches pocket ! We now crossed a range of low hills to another plain similar to, though rather smaller than the former, and, if possible, abounding more in cracks and nullahs. There we found a third fox, and killed, after a clipping run. We trotted on after this to an old enclose garden, close to cantonments (for we had been gradually circling homewards all this time a cure Und for Reynard. The little pack was pretty well done up by this time, and ill prepared to tackle a customer like the one we found. The garden was surrounded by a stiff hedge of cactus and thorns; the fox slipped through a hole in this, and stole along the outside, intending to double back through the hedge again into the garden. He was near succeeding too, but I fortunately twigged him, and kept along the inside ; so that, when the hounds at last got over the hedge, he was compelled to take to the open plain. Now for a run. Away he goes, fat an awful pace, straight for another garden that he knows of some mile and a half ahead. We top the hedge-for horses get wonderfully active when they have made the acquaintance of Ojiunlii Dillenii, the impenetrable prickly pear, whose needle-like barbs make dreadful wounds, most difficult to Eurelia horse or non, he's leggy mare refuses it, and he has to go round by the gate, thus losing the run altogether. The fox is gaining on the hounds for alas ! where is old " Snatch," the leader of the pack i Away, as we afterwards discovered, having a hunt after a jack all all to herself, at the other end of the garden. The master leads on his active grey, hopping from ridge to ridge, sliding down mullahs and clambering up the others side. The chase suddenly disappears, and emerges on the plain again immediately, showing the presence of a deep watercourse ahead. The master takes a drop leap into it, quickly bobbing up again on the other side. I follow, intending to do ditto, but my nag suddenly springs over at a ily, and I find myself safe on the turf-bank with the ditch behind me before I know. Next fence, into the garden, is another, prickly pear . (the I curse of the country), but we find a gap and get through without any trouble, and there are the hounds looking very disconsolate and hot, being completely sewed up by the heat, and having lost their fox in the rocks at the other end of the enclosure. Total, four runs and three kills. Now, I quite hold with the fiery Hotspur, that * The blood more stirs To rouse a lion than to start a hare " (mark the fine distinction of terms, characteristic of so sporting a poet as Shakspere), and on the same principle prefer the nobler sports of Hindostan in which the rifle plays a part, to this skipping about from one stone to another, at imminent risk of screwing your horse, if not breaking your neck, in pursuit of so innocent and pretty a quadruped as English Bernard's diminutive Asiatic cousin. But I freely confess that on this and other occasions I enjoyed a most excellent morning's amusement, and picked up an appetite such as it is worth doing a good deal for in this sultry crime of ours. I 