PRESBYTERIAN SOIREE. THE annual soiree of the Presbyterian Church was held in that place of worship last evening. By half-past six the church was comfortably filled, and a very good and J substantial tea was placed before the visitors. The pulpit had been very tastefully decorated, and the vases of choice flowers, articles of vertu, etc, which had been placed upon it had a very pleasing effect. Full justice was done by every individual to the plentiful supply of viands, and the cups and saucers, &c;, having been cleared away, two verses of the 100th Psalm were sung by the choir in a manner which reflects considerable credit upon them and their conductor, Mr. M'Whinny. Indeed, that gentleman, judging from the manner in which the various pieces were rendered, appears to have succeeded in establishing a very efficient choir. The Rev. Mr. OGG (the pastor of the Church), in assuming the chair, said that it was usual at their annual festival to say something about the affairs of the Church ; but, as during the past year things had been going on in a comparatively easy manner, which was a pleasing contrast to former years, and as the business of the Church had been laid before the congregation at a special meeting which had been convened for that purpose, he would not particularly allude to it then. The rev. gentleman then quoted from the second chapter of the Revelations, bearing upon the condition of the Church in Smyrna, in order to show that the real sign of a Church's prosperity was not the fact of its being rich in this world's goods, but that the great boast of a Church should be that it possessed those great elements of Chris- tianity faith and love that it was in fact a true Church of Christ. The riches which had been possessed by the early churches had been the corrupting element in their nature, which had come out in full bloom by the development of papacy. It was pretty generally known that the Church of which he was the pastor had for years past been burdened with a load of debt, and every one would agree with him as to the desirability of getting rid of that debt as quickly as possible. Other Churches had succeeded in freeing themselves from a similar incubus, and he saw no reason why the Presbyterians should not do likewise. The present debt on the Church was £250, which certainly was not such a great sum, but in addition to that there was a sum of £150 for a school, which was also thrown upon their shoulders, so that the total amount of the debt was £400. It was hoped that the debt would be considerably reduced by means of a bazaar, which it was intended to hold in a month or two, assistance towards which had been kindly sent from home, he having received last week two cases of beautiful things for that purpose, which would probably attract the attention of persons of taste. He might mention that the sister of the Rev. Charles Stewart, who had once been their pastor, had contributed some very fine dresses, and also some cards, upon which were some shells which had been obtained from the Sea of Tiberias. He expected to receive another shipment shortly, and he thought that by the end of August or the beginning of September, they would be in a position to open the bazaar. He would, ere Gd. j concluding, mention that he had received letters from some friends whom he had me I thought would have been present, apple r by I gising for their non- attendance one from jam Mr- Kingsford, who had been prevented by business of a very urgent nature from attending; and one from the Rev. Mr. Reed, of Ipswich, who was engaged in winding up the business affairs of his church prior to his departure for the East, where it was his intention to travel some time before devoting himself to the missionary cause in that part of the world. He had, however, expressed his sympathy with them. The first and second verses of the 65th Psalm were then sung, when Mr. M'ALPINE addressed the meeting at some length, animadverting somewhat warmly on the conduct of the Rev. Mr. Richie, and defending the Rev. Mr. Ogg and the office-bearers of the church from the charges which had been made against them of having collected money towards getting rid of the debt on the church, which money, it had been alleged, had been applied to other purposes. He concluded by congratulating the congregation on the prosperous state of the church this year as compared with former years, seeing that this year there had been no necessity to send their minister away from the church and his wife and family, some hundreds or perhaps thousands of miles into the bush in order to provide means for keeping the church door open, which he looked upon as a great sign of the growing earnestness and attention which was being generally directed to spiritual things. The choir sang in a very pleasing manner, a very pretty anthem, entitled " Victory." The Rev. Mr. GRIFFITHS delivered a very eloquent and interesting address on the " Early Nonconformists," at the conclusion of which the rev. gentleman was loudly cheered. The 15th and 16th verses of the 89th psalm having been sung, a service of fruit was handed round, and an anthem entitled " Worthy the Lamb " was sung, after which a collection was made, and judging from the appearance of the plates, it must have been of a very satisfactory nature. The collection concluded, the two first verses of the 7th hymn were sung, when the Rev. M. Fletcher was called upon to address the meeting. The Rev. Mr. FLETCHER, said that the subject which had been handed to him was " The Great Revival of the Eighteenth Cen- tury." However, as the hour was rather late, and the subject was a very important one, he thought it would be better that he should not dilate upon it that evening. After a few remarks, he expressed a hope that the proceeds of the contemplated bazaar would prove to be sufficient to wipe off the debt that was on the church, for he believed that a debt upon a church was worse than a ghost in a house. A very beautiful anthem, entitled " How beautiful upon the mountains," was then sung, and votes of thanks were given to the ladies who had prepared the refreshments, to the rev. gentlemen who had attended to assist in the proceedings of the evening, and to Mr. M Whinny, and the choir. The Rev. Mr. Oao said that on occasions such as the present it was usual to separate after the benediction had been given ; but he thought that evening it would be as well to sing the National Anthem after the Benediction. They must all agree that the Queen was a good and just Queen and he was sure that there would not be one person present at the meeting who would demur at sympathising with her in the great affliction which she had sustained. He then pronounced the benediction, the National Anthem was sung, and the meeting separated at a quarter to ten o'clock. 