Ail Hour with tlie Spirits. The following really Very. cleVer jta desprit tonveys, Under the cover of ridicule, so much Sound argument against the fancy- of Spiritualism that we readily give it room 111 our columns. We taay JobseVve that it appeared iu 1U1 limptrc some Tew days brtok, and that the Spiritual scancc it de scribes took place in this town Among the topics attracting particular atten tion at the present time, both in England and in this colony, the most singular nre those connected frith what is usually known as Spiritualism. The readers of the Umpire are aware that many ar ticles Mid communications communicated and ex tracted , have lately appeared in its columns outhis Subject. We have hitherto professed to know no thing of the matter ourselves, not haVmg had 'either time or opportunity for investigating the alleged phenomena. The statements for and :against Spiritualism were so many and so various ?'as to have left us in a state of Considerable doubt and bewilderment even up to the last day or two. We are now, however, in a position to say, from actual experience, that all our doubts have been 'removed, and that in our opinion the matter lias 'been placed beyond question or cavil. Having Ijeen introduced by a gentleman, who was an im 'plieit believer in Spiritualism, to a fev. of his 'friends who had, on several previous occasions, formed what was 'termed a Spiritual circle, it was arranged that a scancc should tako place ou the night of the 26th instant, at which six or seven persons Were to be present besides the writer. The gentleman above alluded to had devoted much time and attention to the investigation of the interesting phenomena in question. He had ob tained on several occasions most extraordinary ?results, the precise cause or nature of which, how - ? ever, he did not pretend to be able to explain, al though strongly impressed with the idea that they could only be accounted for by the agency of ' spirits. On the evening in question, at about six o'clock, the ' circle,' consisting of eight persons, was formed at the residence of one of the party. The writer and another uf the gentlemen were entirely unknown to most of those present, and had never before assisted at a seance.. Two or three of the ?others it was understood had had little or no pre vious experience in spiritualism, and all except two, expressed themselves as having formed 110 decided opinion on the subject. The party seated themselves around a small dining table, and having done justice to the hospitality of their host, after a time, the decanters and glasses being removed 'to a sideboard so as to leave the table perfectly -clear, the scancc commenced. As it is desirable to be us particular as possible, aud to mention every circumstance calculated to enable others to form a judgment on the matter as veil as our selves, we raay state that our host's wines were excellent, and that the brandy, a choice sample of Martell's was pronounced equal to any ever im ported. Shortly after eight o'clock, the glasses ?and decanters as before stated having been n ?moved, the gentleman who bad invited us, ro guested tire -comaauy to place their hands ou the ?table in such a maimer that the little fingers of ?each person -came 111 contact with those of his -neighbors 011 the other side. One of tlie party, however, preferred to sit at a distance, and was prepared with pencil aud paper to record every ? 'thing that 'took place. After waiting almost in 'silence for about five minutes, some of the party Tieing evidently, from their appearance, tinder a peculiar influence, the gentleman who assumed :the direction of the ' seance, asked in a solemn 'voice *' Are 'there spirits present?' We waited 'for a few second without reply, when he repeated 'the question adding, ' if there are, please to rap ?on the table three times.' The words were scarcely uttered when three distinct raps were heard, apparently jxtst under the questioner's hand. ^Ve were all somewhat startled, and had scarcely recovered from our surprise, when the question was put, ' What is the name of the spirit giving the raps ?' Mr. G. (the gentleman who put the question) then commenced repeating the alphabet ^.slowly aud distinctly, having previously requested rthe person who had undertaken theclerical duties rto write down the letters at which the raps oc ? eurred. This went on for some minutes, the al phabet having to be commenced anew at each let ter, -when' nomiore raps being heard, we concluded 1 ftbat tk&;anar?er-iwts finished, we then found that Tthe-raps'ha'd occurred at the following letters : t o h -y d n a r b Of course we could make nothiug of this, and as repetition of the question only brought a simi lar answer, and as nobody:had. ever heard of such iU'persona^e.fts Xoh A'duarbatiwos at last decided ?to vary the -question- by askingiihemnknown 'Are you happy in your . disembodied state.?' To this the ;reply -.was as 'follows-; *J 11 oj 't/ir.e v We were i if possible more puzzled than over, #ind .entirely [failed to decipher the meaning, if it Jiad Any, in the singular -combination of letters rapped o.ut, We supposed the words to belong to eoaie language with which we were un Acquainted. Determined, however, to investigate matters further, the spirit was informed that we were unable to understand the meaning of the previous raps, and that we desired to communi cate with a spirit who could converse iu English, ?' Ifthere is a spirit present who will converse in JSnglish,' said Mr. Q., 'will it please give three raps ?' No sooner were the w-?rds uttered then there came a rat-at-tat on the table for all the world as if three or four of Mr. G.'s teeth had droped on the polished mahogany. ' What is your name ?' was the next question. To this the ? following answer was rapped out : nilknarf nimaj neb 'Who; in the name of goodness could Nilknarf Nimajneb be ? We came to the conclusion that the words had a twang about them as if they be longed to a North American Indian, but all oui inquiries failed to elicit any satisfactory reply. Thinking it possible that questions coming from . ' eorae other person than Mr. G. might be answered Pjf pin a more satisfactory manner, we desired to be wmy allowed ^to put a question and with a view to vSy elicit praotical and useful information which would ?$?-? throw light ou previous answers, proposed the f following: — ' What is the nature of the means, or tho character of tli e medium by which spirits communicate with mortals ?' The answer was as ^follows : ^ 'krfCp, q e r u t i 0 p hi i -7 n q/fy't i I u d e r c It was evident tluit we did not understand the spirit language, or that they did not understand us, but still we resolved to persevere, hoping nt length to discover the key or explanation to the mystery. Willi this view we put the following query, ' What is the effect produce! on men by their intercourse with spirits?' To this the answer was t 11 ti 1 ( (i c 1 x 0 I 11 t Of Bourse we could make nothing of this jumble of letters and the question was varied I by asking, ' By what means can a knowledge of spirit rappings be communicated ?' To this tlie following answer was rapped out vety distinctly and emphatically. y 1 1 b 711 u h All this was very provoking, and the whole affair was beginning to be considered so tiresome and annoying, that it was remarked by 011c of the party, if nothing more useful than we had heard could be learned from tins spirits, their ac quaintance was not worth seeking. Mr. G., however, encouraged us to persevere, expressing a confident anticipation that we should soon dis cover the key to the meaning of the mysterious list of vowels and consonants we had heard rapped out. it ought to lmve been remarked that some I ol the sounds appeared as if tliey proceeded from !, a spot in the table just under Mr. G.'s hand ; ' : while others evidently came from the part of the ! table where his friend Mr. T. was seated. Both i these gentlemen, as before intimated, had pre viously assisted at Spiritual sconces, aud were considered to be excellent mediums. The next question ' What's the use of Spiritualism ?' was asked by one of the party who had hitherto re mained silent. The words were not to be ad dressed to the spirits, but to Mr. G. himself. No sooner, however, were tliey uttered than that gentleman commenced repeating the alphabet, and at the following letters the raps were given louder than ever s s e 11 i s u b n w 0 r u 0 y d n i m We puzzled ourselves for a short time over this I apparently absurd nonsense, when Mr. T. sud deuly exclaimed ' I have it 1 The words should be read backwards or from right to left, like the Hebrew and many other laugurges.' This thought, he said, had occurred to him from a consideration of the fact that that was the most ancient way of writing, and would probably be the one preferred by the spirits to the more mo dern method. It was, as he remarked, more conservative, and therefore more respectable. Most ol us agreed with the latter observation, and perceived at once, ou reversing the order of the letters, that he had actually discovered the key to unlock the difficulty under which wc had hitherto labored. The practical wisdom, too, contained iu the words formed by the letters when reversed — viz : ' Mind your own business'' and the aptness of the reply to the somewhat impertinent query which had been put as to the use of Spiritualism, struck us all as very remark able. All the party were now very eager to ap ply this method to the previous answers, aud especially to the name of the spirit which before had puzzled us so much, and of which at the time it was wrapped out we could make nothing lut Nilknarf Nimajneb. Now, however, the matter was perfectly clear. We were conversing with 110 less a spirit than that of Benjamin Franklin, aud might reasonably hope to get from ' Poor Richard's'' ghost a few words of whole some advice aud judicious counsel. The advice his spirit had given was certain!}' characteristic of the man while living, and proved that disem bodiment had not changed his character. This brought to the writer's recollection a passage in an article against Spiritualism published in the Empire a few days since. It was as follows ' Let them [the spirits] tell me how to make my fortune honestly, and then I will believe in it.' Here was the clue to the general incredulity manifested by men of the world, as they like to call themselves, towards the interesting pheno iueno which wo were engaged in investigating. It did not enable them to make money. If the spirits would only do this, nothing, could prevent the rapid spread of a belief in their existence and ?opportunities of conversing with them would be eagerly sought for. Having had the good fortune to meet with the spirit of a man possessed of so much worldly wisdom as ' Poor Rishard,' it was thought desirable to ascertain if something could not be got out of him which might be turned to practical account. One of the gentlemen present bad recently entered into a rather extensive busi ness, and was naturally desirous of learning how he could insure success. Encouraged by the practical character of the answer to the last ques tion, and silence being restored, lie ventured to ask, ''Will tlie business in which I have embarked prove successful ?'c No reply. He then asked' ' If well managed, and properly attended to, will my affairs prosper ?' To this question a prompt response wf»s returned by three very distinct raps apparently proceeding in this instance from near Mr, G.'s part of the table. Three raps are by Spiritualists always understood to mean ' Yes.'' This was very satisfactory to the querist, who, encouraged and emboldned by his success, at once asked, ' What course can I pursue in my busi ness, in order to ensure success ?' Mr. G. then commenced the alphabet, and heavy raps were heard as lie repeated the fallowing letters : — esitr ev da esitrevda e&itteoda; These words were rapped out so emphatically that we were all anxious to know what they meant and even before reversing them felt assured that they indicated a certain way to wealth, and to se. cure success in business. But when our clerical assistant pronounced the words. Advert 'se — advertise — advertise we were lost in astonishment and admiration. Encouraged by the answers to the last two queries we lost no time in proceeding further to introgate the spirit of ' Toor Richard,' hoping to profit yet more largely by lessons of wisdom from the American sage. The same gentleman who bad asked the two or three preceding questions, then asked, ' Will the spirit of the venerated Frank lin give me auy further advice as to the conduct I should pursue ?' Amidst the most impressive sileuce, broken only by Mr. G.'s regular and solemn repetition of A,B.C, &c.; came the rap as he uttered tho letters composing this sen tence : — ecnavda ni repop rttoi/ ro/ yap syaivla Our scribe lost no time in reversing it, aud we ,'fclt pride aud gratification af the wisdom of the utterance and the soundness of the tdvice. ' Al- ' ways pay for your paper in advance,' was a sen tence worthy of Franklin, deserving to he re corded in letters of gold, and of being held up for the guidance of all young men about entering into business or comincncing life. The advice of the spirit of tho sage assembled in tho last three sentences — viz. — ' Mind your business, Advertise extensively, and Always pay tor your paper in advance,' was sufficient of itself to form a code not only for mercantile men but for people, in almost all situations of life. Every shop and counting-house, every hotel and place of enter tainment, crery manufactory and workshop, should have the words afilxcd in large characters in some eonspicious part of the establishment. The scancc at this point was adjourned till the following night. All who had been present at it expressed themselves highly gratified at the result and declared that whatever doubts they had pre-, viously entertained about Spiritualism were now entirely removed. We shall not. attempt to theo rise as to the nature of the medium, the character of the force which produced the sounds, or the use to whieh investigations of this kind may be applied. A tree should be known by its fruits, and seeing that the result in the foregoing case was so gratifying and likely to prove so useful, we are not inclined to be captious or querulous as to the means taken by benevolent spirits to com municate with mortals. 