THE WERRIBEE ENCAMPMENT. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) III. As we stated in our last article, Wednesday night closed in upon the scene of the encamp- ment amid threatening signs of bad weather, and, naturally enough, our prophecy was that the volunteers would have a trying night. That such was the case, it needs no ghost to tell; and, doubtless, through the small hours, as the good people lay warm in their beds, (and listened to the pelting rain and moaning wind without, they felt ever and anon for the suffering volun- teers. A cold-blooded cynic once said that men took pleasure in the misfortunes of their best friends; but glad as every one must then have been to feel safe from the wintry storm, they must also have been few indeed who did not heartily sympathise with those who, for their country's sake, were braving all that weather could do against them. The events of that night, and of the subsequent two days and a night, are among those which will be longest remembered by the sharers of the pains and penalties of that hard time. As we stated before, the weather looked threateningly even as daylight waned, and a piercing sou'-westerly wind did not improve matters. At about half- past seven p.m., rain commenced to come down, but this did not inter- fere with the gaiety of the camp, for the men were come to rough it, and were not to be dis- heartened at trifles. It had one effect, however, and early hours were de rigueur. Of what passed in the intorval between then and about eleven p.m., we have no exact account. There were but few persons about, and all that could be noticed was the increasing storm and loosening tent-ropes, till at last it was plain that there was some danger that the tents would give way. This was no de- lusion, for presently the time came. About the first tents to go were those at head-quarters, and, without respect to military authority, all the appurtenances and appliances at the brigade office and in the staff-officers' tents were scattered about, to be hastily collected and put in safety as soon as possible. One of the canteens next went down with a fearful smash, and then similar accidents tucceeded each other with most un comfortable rapidity. Dancker's, Hasset's, Ir win's, and Muir's canteens fell one by one, in spite of all that could be done to save them, part of the premises belonging to Mr. Grimwood and Messrs. Brown and Swift alone remaining standing. Nor did tho volunteers' tents fare much better. It is not too much to say that the camp, as a whole, was blown down, for-to use Colonol Anderson's own words-there nore not fifty volunteers who dwelt in tents with any shelter left against the storm. Some were sent to the large woolshed, denomi- nated for the nonce Fort Chirnside, which had been taken possession of the night before by Captain East and a detachment of artillery- they forming tho garrison; but the building was only partially floored, and the accommodation was of course very limited. Many tried hard to got their tents up again, but not all succeeded. The tent-pegs had only been half driven in in the first place, and after they had been dragged out, the holes were filled with water, and the ground was softened and unable to hold against the force of the guy-ropes. Those who did get their tents again erected, had now another misfortune to encounter. Save in rare instances, the very ordinary precaution of digging trenches for drainage had not been adopted, and the rain came down in such quanti- ties that the Weiribee Plains were one sheet of water, which nothing could keep out of the tents. The only thing left for the volunteers to do in almost every instance was to walk about, and wish for the day. There was no distinction of persons in this matter, for from the com- manding colonel and staff officers down to the most insignificant person in camp, all had to suffer. Those from whose accounts we have compiled the above facts, tell woeful stories of the sufferings of that dreadful night; but their remarks had this compensating element-they showed how manfully and cheerfully these mis- haps were borne, and how general the feeling was that no one should give in. In this glory thero wore some who did not stay to share. A few-and among them were tho medical officers -wended their way to the railway station, hoping for at least partial shelter, when the late train from Ballarat, fully two hours past its time, came up, and carried them away, rejoicing in tihe prospect of dry beds at last. When day broke on the camp, tho spectacle was sad indeed, so wet, tired, and miserable did every one feel and look. Bad as this stage of things was, there was as yet no sign of giving in. The Ballarat Corps were called together by its senior captain (Mr. W. C. Smith), and they unanimously resolved to stay on the ground and face the weather, and sent a deputation to tell Colonel Anderson as much. The Collingwood men, and those of other corps whoso names have not reached us, did the same, and this feeling was becoming general, when an important difficulty arose. The men were not only wet and tired, but also hungry, and four out of the six sutlo-s' camps wore blown down, and the accommodation of the others greatly diminished. This was a state of things not to be trifled with, and the commander in-chief at once issued a verbal instruction to the various captains, to the effect that those volun- teers who were wet, and had no change of clothes, wore to proceed at once to town, and return either on the following day or Saturday. At the same time, Colonel Anderson warmly com- plimented the men on their soldierlike behaviour sunder such trying circumstances. This order was, of course, pretty generally complied with, an intention to return as soon as possible being apparently the one idea of those who left. Meanwhile only a partial account of the disas- ters of Wednesday night and Thursday morn- ing reached Melbourne. It was supposod that the remainder of the volunteers would leave for the Werribee by the early trains; and, sure enough, the Spencer-street Station was crowded with uniforms, the wearers ready for their duties, and cheerful, under the notion that no night could be worse than that just passed, and that, while they had had something of an escape, they were ready to take their share of that which was to come. An ominous notice met their view as it stood pasted against the entrance to the station. It ran as follows : " Notice to Volunteers.-No volunteers are to leave Melbourne for Werribee thiä day. The tents left standing will not contain more than those now in camp. "By order, " W. D. Pitt, Brigade Major. "April 17." Many hundreds turned back at this, though they had readily pressed on to the station after meeting with party upon party of mud bedabbled, weatherbeaten figures, whose faces were the expression peculiar to those who havo been up all night, and who could only be taken far the sufferers of the night before. As there was no standing in the face of a positive order, of course tbe next train carried but few volunteers to the Werribee. Arrived at that spot, traces of the night before were painfully evident. More volun- teers were waiting, to start home, and the deep mud covering the flooring of the station platform betokened the sort of feet that had tramped them lately. The road to the camp was a caution to pedestrians. The journey could only be done by car, and the drivers did not care how much they charged. Deso- lation marked the path. The tents and out- buildings, which had looked no neat the day be- fore, were "down, quite down," the bare poles remaining impertinently upright, while the tar- paulin was tucked round the shattered contents of the establishment. The ground, where it was not like a lake, resembled a swamp, for, be it remembered, the rain had never yet ceased. The camp itself hardly looked better. Most of the tents had been re-erected, but they were unte anted, and inside them could be seen nothing but water and mud. It was terrible to see the destruction of property which bad taken place round about the canteens,-tables, benches, crockery, liquors, bottles, glasses, and all, were in one "immortal smash," and the loss accruing must have been very great. Some of the owners had managed to raise a corner of their dis- mantled premises, and were selling re freshments, but none save Grimwood's and Brown and Swift's were in a state to provide rations, and there it was a sight to see the volun teers standing to their meals, swallowing them the best way they could. The wonder was, how ever, not how the meals were eaten, but that they had been got at all. During all this time it rained incessantly, and the prospects of the en- campment were bleak indeed. During the time of our reporter's visit, it was impossible to know what the plan of proceeding was. The staff offi cers had retired dead beat, to such shelter as could be provided, and were not to be disturbed. The tents were almost entirely deserted, and no one could talk of aught save the disasters of the night before and their readiness to stand them again. If only the weather would break, there was plainly little to prevent the programme of the encampment being adherid to in all its integrity. Among the volunteers who thus suffered from flood and held, there was one fortunate section who escaped the main troubles of the night and eke the day. This was the Fort Chirnside gar rison, under Captain East. Fort Chirnside, as we have paid already is simply a bluestone slate roofed woolshed, with a floor partially planked, and partially covered only by open joisting. It's fortunate defenders made themselves completely master of their situation. Because the rain wetted them not, nor did the wind blow down their walls, therefore did they practice their military art with all their might and main. A few planks laid here and there over the joists served for a sentinel's beat, and watch was stoutly kept, otherwise military and hospitable duties were combined. The place had been rushed the night before, and was overcrowded, but where order and neatness could be maintained, they were duly preserved. Words can never describe the peculiar look of the place, any more than the cordial jovialty which incited the "garrison" to "chaff" the sufferers of the night before, while aiding them as best they could. Of course, its version of the history of the night before was different to any other and how the place in which, the "enemy ' were encamped was used to shelter its prospective besiegers, and, more than all, how all the loafers and blackguard hangers-on of the camp were found hidden under the joist ing, and hunted out into the night and rain during a particularly heavy shower, had all to be told to the visitors by day. Altogether, Fort Churnside was worth a visit on.Thursday last. Of the outer arrangements of the place it may be remarked that the entrenchments are already thrown up, but much has to be done before the guns can be brought in, or the place properly de fended. Nothing particular occurred during the day, save those minor events which, however import ant they may seem at the moment, are but of transitory consequence. The time was generally occupied in fixing tents and recovering from the effects of the night before, and when night came, fires were lit, and as much comfort as possible ob tamed. As our readers already know, there were about 1,050 men in camp on Wednesday evening. After all the hardships of that night, and with the rain still coming down and the wind blowing, though with less violence, there remained in camp on Thursday night the following - Corps Staff Naval Frigade Cavalry Brlgade 1st or Royal V V Cavalry Melbourne Mounted Rifles Kyneton Mounted Rifles Bacchus Marsh Mounted Rifles Geelong Mounted Rifles Castlemaine Light Dragoons Royal V V Artilleryry Volunteer Engineers North Battalion Pentridge Rifles Carlton Rifles West Melbourne Rifles East Collingwood Rifles Collingwood Rifles North Melbourne Rifles Williamstown Rifles Fitzroy Rifles South Battalion 1st St Kilda Rifles Prahran and S Yarra Rifles Emerald Hill Rifles Melbourne Rifles Brighton Rifles 2nd St KildaRifles Hawthorn and Kew Rifles Richmond Rifles *Geelong Ballarat Bendigo Castlemaine Maryborough Total 533 * Returns of the Geelong Rifles are omltted from this list, as they have not been received. Thursday night passed with as much rain as ever but the wind was comparatively quiet, and the discomforts felt by the brave few who re- mained were of course far less. In calling those men brave, it must not, of course, be understood that those who went away are to be supposed cowards because they left, when, had they stayed, they could not be fed. To resume. The aspect of the camp in the morning was little changed, for the weather was so bad that the prostrate canteen tents were untouched. It was Colonel Anderson's first care-and he was ably seconded by Captain Pitt-to attempt to bring about such a state of things as should be suffi cient for the exigencies of a full camp in case the weather changed. The proprietors of the fallen tents were unwilling to re-erect their pre mises with such a small chance of profit as was left them, but Colonel Anderson promised, on behalf of the Government, that some little com pensstion should be forthcoming, and before long the process of restoration was in a fair way towards completion. But few of the volunteers who had left returned in the early part of the day, although the following notice was posted about Melbourne - "Werribee Encampment Notice "Those volunteers who were ordered from the encampment this day (Thursday) will return to morrow. Special trains at 6 15 a m , 9 a m , and 4.30 p m. " C H. Hall,' &c; The two first trains, in fact, did not run, as there were no passengers for them. There was also another notice, similarly signed, ordering the up country cavalry corps to remain m Melbourne till further orders. The following telegram de- spatched by Colonel Anderson to Captam Hall, who superintended the town arrangements, was also posted in a prominent place at the Volun- teer office and the Spencer Street station - Werribee Encampment, Today, 8 am. "Heavy gale and rain all night, and now sun shine and rain alternately. Men all jolly, and behaving capitally. No sickness." Badly off as the troops in field were, there were as few to leave as there wore at first to arrive. Breakfast was provided, queerly in the matter of accommodation, but admirably well in the quantity and quality of the provisions. The still pouring rain put all notion of parade out of mind, but Divine service was something attain- able. There were three cloigymen present, be- sides the soldier preacher of last year-the Rev. J Henderson, a member of the Ballarat Rifle Corps. They were-the Kov Dr Bromby (Epis copalian), the Rev A Love (Presbyterian), and the Rev J Dare (Wesleyan). The only place that could be used for the purpose was Fort Chirnside, and as all the three clergymen could not perform service at once, it was agreed that Dr Bromby should officiate alone. The Rev. gentleman did so, and the Litany having been repeated he delivered a sermon to an audience of some 350, his subject being the good centurion. So little did the weather show signs of abatement, tihat just after service, a hailstorm, so fierce that its like has been rarely seen, vented its rage upon I the plains. But little more remains to be said, for the day passed as its predecessor save that towards night there were hundreds of volunteers starting to the camp, with the apparent intention of remaining there. Whether they did so or not, remains to be seen. At present it is the intention of theauthorities that the published programme shall be as strictly adhered to as possible. The rifle matches will, therefore, commence at half past nine this morn ling. As the ground is too soft for heavy guns, it is not improbable that the arrangeements for Monday next will be considerably altered. The rain, however, continues to come down at the hour at which we write, and though the weather glass has risen, no change has taken place. Special trains will run to the Werribee at nine a m and half past ten am, returning at half past five and half past six p m. Tatal Accident at Yack vnd «.dah -A most frightful accident ha ppened hero on Mon | day afternoon, which ti rminited fatally, to a young man named John G» vnor It appe trs that deceased nent in n dray wi th a dn/er employed by Mr Ounninghnm, Etorcki vper, np the creek, to j,ct employment, in which ne Euccccded, and whilst going round Ktrbj's iflet, on their way homo, deeensod happen to fri çhten tho horse, which bolted, and ho was ti vrown violently against a tree, tho dray also tumi tg upsido down upon htm. Dotth was almost inst vataneous, tho skull being battered in Deccaaci' .»'*." a 'fine youngman, a native ot LondondctTy, Ireland, and about twenty- three years old,-Oltns Con Mutton, April 10 