Criife of M\t sub jPmnrar. — * — What animal would be likely to devour a relative ? — The anteater. Why is Neptune like a person looking for the philo sopher's stone ? — Because he's a sea-king what never existed. Among the conditions of sale by an Irish auctioneer was the following : — ' The highest bidder to be the buyer, unless some gentleman bids more.' Why should the officials at St. Martin's-le-Grand be richer than ordinary mortals ? — Because they must be continually receiving Post-office orders from then? superiors. Seedy individual — ' I tell you what Mrs. Indigo, I can't pay your bill, but I'll marry your daughter, and set up a school. Mother — ' No, indeed.' Seedy individual — ' Well, then, give me a receipt and I'll marry you and set up a wholesale laundry.' ' Well, I'll consider !' Poetry permits her voteries to indulge in many metaphorical ideas, but the latest one we have met with is positively the most original. Hear — ' With eyes of fire, majestical he rose, And spoke divinely through his double-barrelled nose.' A Useful Dog-. — ' I say, stranger,' said a cottage urchin to a pedlar, ' don't whistle that dog away.' 'Why, he ain't no use, nohow; he's too homely.' ' Oh ! but he saves heaps of work.' ' How ?' ' Why, he cleans the plates and dishes, so that they never want washing, and mother says she wouldn't part with him no how ; for our new dog ain't got used to mustard yet.' — American Paper. T^TTifp'a V4TTW \ ? A rtlrki^V-irt-TiT-fcQT* Tfavtf +n 4-1 -. ~ *.1 ? \- - - ' - u I I 1 ill ? J-^ WUUUVUUV1 *» VjUU VVJ UUfJ U J.C1 . p* V — man of his parish and told him, with great symptoms of consternation, that he had seen a ghost. ' In what shape did it appear?' asked his reverence. ' For all the world, sir, like a great donkey.' ' Go home, go home, and hold your tongue,' said the clergyman, ' you are a timid creature, and evidently been frightened at your own shadow.' The Rights of (Colobed) Women. — In a small city of Massachusetts, the colored population held a meeting to discuss the propriety of celebrating the anniversary of the West Indian emancipation. At one of these meetings a very conservative gentleman was exceedingly surprised to see some of the ' fair sex' rising and taking part in the discussion. After two or three of the sisters had ' freed dar minds' on the matters under debate, he sprang up in a greatly excited state and addressed the audience : — ' Feller citizens! Ef I'd spose dat de ladies would ba p'rmitted to take part in dis yere discussion — sensa- tion — ef I'd known dat de ladies could jine in yer debate — (all eyes turned on the speaker) — ef I'd bleeve for one moment, feller-citizens, dat de female sect would dare to raise dar voices in dis yer meetin', I'd — feller-citizens — ' ' Wot — wot would you've a did, ef you'd known it?' shouted two or three of the sisters, and ths whites of their eyes flashed on the speaker. 'I'd — (scratching his wool) — I'd brung my wife along wid me.' — American Paper. What's in a Najie. — At a small evening party, not very long ago, an elderly lady mentioned a family of the name of Homer much respected in a certain neighborhood. Somebody present — with the plea santry adapted to small evening parties — exclaimed, ' Pray, Madam, are they descended from the great Homer?' On which the old lady replied, with grave emphasis, ' Oh, yes, Sir 5 and not a little proud they are of it, I can assure you !' This reminds one of the French abbe, who was introduced at a dinner party to a gentleman of the name of Robinson, cele brated for dressing in rather an eccentric costume — a green coat, hunting cap, and buck?kin breeches. The abbe thrice lifted his fork to his mouth and thrice laid it down with an eacjer stare of surprise j then suddenly burst out with ' Excuse me. Sir, are you the famous Robinson Crusoe so remarkable in. history ?' xh rc n 1 itH w ^ v ^1 a tm a xw£w.aj£l-. — Jin jL/oy a gentle man was passing late at night over Pont Neuf (Paris) with a lantern. A maa came up to him and said, ' read this paper !' He held up his lantern and read as follows : — ' Speak not a word when you re this read, Or in an instant you'll be dead ; Give us your money, watch, and rings, With other valuable things — Then quick, in silence, you depart, Or I, with knife, will cleave yoiir hearty* Not being a man of much pluck, the affrighted gen tleman gave up his watch and money, and ran off. He soon gave the alarm, and the highwayman was arrested. 'What have you to say for yourself/' inquired the magistrate before whom the robber was ushered. 'That I am not guilty of robbery, though I took the watch and money.' ' Why not guilty ?' asked the magistrate. ' Simply because I can neither read-.nor write. I picked up that paper just at the moment I met this gentleman 'with a lantern. Thinking it might be something valuable, I politely asked him to read it for me. He complied with my request, and presently handed me his watch and purse, and ran off. I supposed the paper to be of great value to him; and that he thu3 liberally re warded me for finding it. He gave me no time to return thanks, which out of politeness I was ready to perform.' The gentleman accepted the reply of the robber, and withdrew his complaint. 