JOTTINGS FROM THE CHINESE. - (From the Overland China Mail, April 1.) I SOME CUSTOMS RELATING TO THE USE or S.v\isn!oo on CHINESE WINE. 1 MineNT spirits in use among this people, made by themselves, among foreigners is known generally. under the name of Samshoo. It is most usually at least in this part of the empire [Hongkong] made from a mixture of red and white rice, or " millet" as that particular kind of glutinous grain is sometimes called. When made from red millet, or from a mixture of red and of white millet, it is of a reddish colour. When distilled from white rice or white millet, it has a _ whitish colour. It is sometimes distilled from pota ~ toes, beans!, or sugar-cane. But I did not propose to tell how, or of what, 31m shoe is made, but to notice certain established civic toms in regard to its use. 1 Chinese Wine is extensively used in idolatrous worship In the offering of meats and vegetables before the ancestral tablets, it is alarmed by the Chinese that every family almost invariably uses three, five, or ten cups of wine. In presenting able. tions of food before idols strictly (and exclusively belonging to the Buddhist religion, as the Goddess of Mercy, samshoo is almost never used, especially if the worshipper is carefully to carry out the rules and principles of that sect. As a matter of fact, nowa- days, the use of wine in these religious acts is said to be becoming more and more common. Tea leaves are generally used in the place of wine. In regard to oblations of food presented before idols belonging to the Tauist religion, the use of samshoo is very common, if not quite universal. Besides the three, five, or ten cups of wine, sometimes three cups, containing in such a small quantity of tea leaves, are also arranged on the altar or table. Wine is also used when one makes an offering of food, mock clothing, and mock-money, to Ghosts or Spirits in the infernal regions. In worshipping the dead at their graves annually, wine is one of the articles arranged in front of the tombstone, as if before the dead. As a general remark, the sufferer on these occasions now the close of the accompanying ceremonies, takes a cup of the wine which has been presented, and pours out some of it on the ground, or on the hot ashes of the mock paper money, or into the censor, or on the gravestone, Se, according to the circumstances of the CaRe. This act of pouring out the wine is usually explained as a mark of special respect on the part of the sufferer, or as an especial offering to the object worshipped, and is done with reverence and solemnity, being regarded as an important if not essential portion of the ceremonies. What is left at the close of the worship is consumed by the worshippers in the feast which follows. 2\. Wine is universally used on festive occasions. However much the people may abstain from samshoo from day to day, and on ordinary occasions, 'and at ordinary meals,' there is no such thing as teetotalism on festive social gatherings, as on the celebration of birthdays,_wtelding_s, meetings of clubs, when entertainment is provided, at feasts given on the opening of a store or a song, or soon after removing into new house, &c;, &c.; Whenever a regular invitation to breakfast, dinner, or supper is given to relatives, or friends, or neighbours, wine must be had upon the table. Each guest or rather all who take their seats at the table, is provided with one small wine-cup, which is very much like a small tea-cup. - The red millet wine, as used here on festive occasions, is always drank hot. When the meal is neatly finished, the host proposes wine, and fills all the cups of the table where he is sitting. Their lifting his cup of steaming wine to his lips, he invites the company to drink with him. They all simultaneously drain their cups, which it is not a difficult task to do, so far as the quantity of their contents concerned. They then eat a little longer, when they drink another round of wine, and so on ad libitum. Many, however, do not drink all, but only a part of the contents of their cups at a round, Same times, and even frequently in the case of the wealthy, and of those who are fond of the cup, from ten to thirty or even forty, rounds are drank. Those who cannot drink wine so freely without becoming drunk, let their cups stand filled in front of them on the table, excusing themselves from drinking, offering some apology to the company ; or they take their cups, and raise them to their lips, with or without tasting, as they please, while the others drink. The host urges the company to take wine, and drinking it freely and frequently, is understood to be a mark of respect for him. He often represents the importance of their drinking, to make up for the scantiness and the ill-flavour of the eatables provided. Females drink wine on festive occasions as universally as men, but they do not imbibe as much. The hostess takes the initiative, in pouring out the wine, and in inviting her guests to drink As is well known, females at feasts always sit by themselves, and miles by themselves. No feast among the heathen Chinese would be considered proper and complete which should not have wine provided and used according to custom, it may perhaps be worth while to state in this connection, that at least some of the native Christians is? not look upon this use of wine as proper, and therefore do not furnish or use it on festive occasions among themselves. On several weddings known to the writer among the native Protestant Christians at this port, there has been no were provided by the host for use at the table of his friends. This was intimated to be the course which would be followed by the peculiar wording of the invitations given out to invited guests, or by the ' guarded language employed when speaking to them about the East on such occasions, calling it an " invitation to drink tea, instead of an " invitation to drink wine." This latter expression is a stereotyped form of invitation to a feast, whatever may be the time or the occasion. Invitations to dinner given or received on the part of the foreign residents in Cairns who neither themselves use nor provide wine or any kind of spirits for use on their tables, are called generally, even by their own servants, and always by other Chinese when speaking of them, invitations to drink wine," according to the custom of the country. A certain noisy game is oftentimes played by two persons on a festive or joyful occasion, the design of which seems to be to see which of them can make the other drink the most wine before drunkenness ensues, or before one withdraws from, the contest. This is called *' blowing the fist," and contests in both parties simultaneously throwing out, towards the other, one of their fists, and sticking out one or more of the fingers on these fists. While in the very act of doing this, each pronounces some numeral, which the speakers guess will be the aggregate number of the fingers thus stuck out from both fists. Should the number pronounced by either be the precise number of these fingers, he who pronounced it is reckoned the winner, the other the loser. The loser drinks as the forfeit a cup of wine, and the game proceeds. Should neither guess the right number, the game proceeds without either drinking. If both happen to guess' right, each drinks a cup of wine, or both refrain from drinking, as they are pleased to agree, and proceed with the game. Examples thrust out two lingers, and cries out "six Bat the same moment, thrusts out three fingers and cries out " four." In such a case neither wins, as two and three make five, neither " six" nor "four." Acalla' five, and thrustsoutonefinger; 13 calls " two, and thrusts out four. In this case A wins, as one and four make " five," which was the number he guessed. B drinks a cup of wine as his forfeiture, being the loser. The Chinese usually are very boisterous in playing this came, as both parties become excited, and under the influence of the spirits they have drunk. Not unfrequently are there four, six, or more persons in the same room, and even around the same table, engaged at the same time in playing this game. There is another play or game, in which scholars or literary men are accustomed to engage on festive occasions, much more intellectual and less noisy and boisterous than the one just described. This play ' ? only slightly resembles the custom of drinking toasts at parties in Western lands. It consists in some one out of those seated around the table near the conclusion of the feast pronouncing a line of poetry, which must be matched by another line by all rest or in case of default, a cup of wine must be drank. Usually the host or the chief guest begins the play by repeating the 1 poetry, which is not original. The reply of the company must be also in selected poetry, and made in the order of their seats. Those who cannot remember and pronounce correctly a line corresponding to the line proposed by the one who commenced the round, corresponding in regard to number of characters, or to the principal word or subject, and, according to the established rules of the play, is reckoned as beaten, and must drink a cup of wine, unless excused by the . company. There are several methods of playing the game, which are all comprehended under the same general name. Usually there is some word contained in the line first given, or some subject referred to in the line which is mentioned by the host or guest who begins the play as necessary to be found or referred to in the lines pronounced by the rest as re- plies. For example : if the word is " wind," and is the first word of the line given out by the chief of the play, the replies must all have the word " and " for the first word. ' He who cannot instanter pronounce a line to match it when his turn comes, must , drink his wine, and the next one must try. Should the word selected be "beard," or some word referring to the beard, than all the answers must contain the word "band," or some term which refers to the board, in order to be accepted by the person who, for the time being, is director and judge. Tuemore'in tellectual and educated the persons who engage in this play on social gatherings, the more interesting is it On these occasions there is, he wover, nothing, as far as the knowledge of the writer extends, like extempore toasts and Bpecch-Luaki:i¿ indulged in by the Chinese. There may be considerable flow of wit, but little I originality allowed or required at these times. One of the principal objects kept before the mind of the company is the drinking of wine, and one of the most manifest effects produced, oftentimes, is noisy boys seriousness or stupid drunkenness. 