T.riJSA.TIliUAJj AMENITIES. |Uno oi tiio moat agreeable days of the i09fc season' wnstlmt 'which was devoted to tho feto of t|ie Hoyal Dramatie 'Collego at tho Crystal Palace. There was a fancy fair in which all tho most popular, actresses in London held stalls. It had. been announced that Blondin who was thon nt the- hbight of glory, wns'to bo ouldono by Mr. J.L; Toole, who uridertook' to, carry" Mr. Paid' Bedford (immensoly elo' rated) aerqesribo Falls of Niagara. We do not happen to kuow what bccaino of this portion' of the programme, but it is obvious that one item of the performance, viz., tho elevation of Mr.' Paul Bedford, was undeniably within the resourros of tho management. There was also Aunt Sally, and Cheap Jack, and a peep-show, ' and above all there was.a thrilling melodrama1, of the; good, old Bartlemy fair time, called " The i Midnight Sp.octre, or the Fatal Socrot, in which tho fair Gemma,-tho Pearl, of Pudua, d'aughtor of .tho Baron do Spartivento, and " the eauso of muoli misery," was to bo per sonified by Mr., Paul Bodford, while actors of equal talent in their lino wore to represent a rufilan and a ghost. , ;Wo. liad conceived in our own mind tho. wish that tho Royal Dramatic College might prosper greatly, but still that its exchequer might not becomo so overflowing as to relievo it from tho obligation of organising once a year a fete in which tho true Bicliardsonian druma might bo revived, with,, if possible, a companion part to tho Pearl of Padua provided in it for Mr. Paul Bedford. It seems, however, that tho Fra newspaper, to which is attributed the high function of being " the organ of dramatic morals," was of different opinion in this matter from ourselves. Tho Fra considered that dramatic morals, ov, at all events, dramatio dignity, was impaired by tho performance of tho most amusing drama of tho year. It declared that an entertainment, of which tho mere mention is sufficient to cxcito laughter, wns degrading to the theatrical profession, and had inilietod a doep injury on tho Dramatio College which it was supposed to liavo largely boiioiitod. It hud, moreo'or, tho unkindnesB to suggest that tho holding of Btnlls in a fancy fair by Indies wns no better thau thimble rigging, and that even tho presence of that vcnorablo personage Aunt Sally conld not secure this cntrrtuhimont from contempt. We think this was very hard mea sure, and so it appears thought Mr. Benjamin AVobslov, who, as Chairman of the Committeo of the fete, felt himself personally aggrieved by tho Era's strictures. A quarrel consequently occurred between Mr. Webster and tho editor of l ho Era, and as other and simpler modes of sol tling quarrels are now aB obsolete as Bartloiny l\\.ir, tho disputants woro redueod to have rocourso to tho Court of Queen's Bench, where an acl ion brought by tho editor against Mr. Webster for a libel has resulted in a vordict for Is. dnmsges. It np- peared that Mr. Webster had applied to tl o guardian of dramatio morals, in a hand bill, tho disparaging epithet of " a very low minded person and in pleading to thi B action he undertook to justify this epithet by alleging that tho Era had stutod — as indeed it had — tlmt there was thimblerigging in tbo Crystnl Palace feto, and farther that it was in the liabit of inserting pud's ut. Gd. per line, and of publishing demoralising advertisements. It is, porhnps, surprising, and it cortainly iB gratifying, to find that tho machinery of special pleading adapts itself so readily to tho purpose of enabling one litigant to giro what is vulgnrly colled " a bit of his mind" to tho ..rpther. ,. If ever lawyers' bills woro paid by clients without a murmur,. wo. should think that- tho bills for this action blight to he, for certainly both plainlill and defendant have had £hb fullest possiblo va'uo .for their money"' which the" nature -of tfio"easb' admitted.' The editor of tho Era has had the. opportunity of reoilling -the theatrical profession to a duo Bense of its own dignity by tho mouths of some of tho most eloquent counsel ut the bar, and he has obtained from tho Lord Chief Justice of u England a declaration of his opinion that tho object of a fancy fair is to get money por fas - ant licfas, and that tho conduct of the ladies who hold stalls is "more or h-ss a sort of thimblerigging." AVo really hope that this . ruling of the Head of tho Common Law will not bo too deeply taken to heart by ladic,, whether they may belong to the theatrical or tho religious world, who may conlcinpluto bar tering etn jlcs and knic-knacs for gold and _ silver at tho fancy fairs of the ensuing season. Wo vcnluro to suggest that this opinion of the Lord Chief Justice was nothing more than what is called by lawycrd' ' an obiter dictum, hot requirod. for tho decision of the point before him, and therefore not . entitled to tho authority which belongs to .a ' solemn judgment of the'Court. . If, indeed, it had been such a judgment, wo feel ccrtnin :that Mr. AVebster's counsel, on behalf of the " ladies of England, would have taken measures to bring it under tho revision of a highor ' Court. No tribunal less august than tho Mouse of Lords, asaisled by nil the' judges, can_ bo competent to decide tho quesl ion— fraught as it is with incalculable consequences to many vnlunblo chnrities — whether the proceedings at- 'V /"nny. f'1'1' can lie properly compared to thimblerigging. However, the editor of tho Era has enjoyed tho exquisite satisfaction of seeing Ilia stem censorship supported by tho . authority of t-lio Lord Oliicf Justice ; and Mr. Webster,- on tho other hand, has been indulged with an opportunity of asserting, and, so far db ho could, of proving in open court, that liia antagonist is " a very low-minded person,"" and the editor of a journal which depends on tho pitiful roiourccs" ,of free advertisements 01 C< roiuntyin-ilfl limited circulation." rho. opportunity for tho utterance by Mr. Webster of tlio alleged libel arose in tills way. V Mr. J. L. Toolo, a member or Mr. AVebster's company, who hail promised tn gratify tlio visitors tp tlio foto by appearing as Clioap Jack, was about to lako a benefit lit the. Now Adciphi Theatre; In consequence of tho dis pleasure which Mr! "Webster felt nt tho Era's efforts to mainliliu- dramatic dignity, ho ox- pressed to.Mr. Toole a wish that the proposed 1 benefit should not bo advertised in the Era. That newspaper, however, inserted an. ndver- ' tispinont of tho.- benefit without authority or payment, whereat Mr. Webster was provoked into distributing in his theatre a handbill containing tho allogod libel. In order to moko 1 it clear that tho Era had no authority to : advertiao tho . benefit, Mr. Toolo was called.; to state Ih.o purport of a . conversation which he and Mr. Paul Bedford had held with the editor. On cross- examination," one of those; points aroso which counsel always deem it their duly to Investigate with .avminuteuoss which appears to tho ordinary observer to be I increased in proportion as ' the importance ot - the point in1 question is inappreciable. The ' witness slated that during tho conversation tho three parlies to it had had a glass of sherry together; inTho witness was -horcupon desired to recollect hiiiiBelf,;and state .whether or mot tlia wino:drauk on tbia . occasion, instead of r being sherry, was champagne. Counsel, no " - doubt, as/lie, put this question, wfmid glance impressively,, towards tho jury, asi much ns to ' amply , that they were coming to something rqallyjmportant now. It is said that Sir AVil- ham Sorrow onco involved a.veryiombarrassing v .witness in contradiction, by beginningto inquire - whether he did not have cold bcof for luncheonj ' end whether ho did .not.tako mustard with his-- cold beef.. It would. bo impossible to pro- nounoo, without '-hearing .the Wholo : coso .through) whothor. .tlio question of' what wine' three gentlemen drank during a call oil one of ! them did or did not tend to show how far that one deserved iobo called1 byrja 'fourth gentle- man "a very low-minded person," who was capable of having recourse to 'I pitiful re sources to maintriin'tlio limited emulation o'f- : newspaper. ; The; question, howover, boing. eqpposed to bo eapabloi of, .turning out impoit- tant, it was obviously, tljo- duty-of, eonnsol to investigate it to, tbo ulmost. .One of tho wit nesses in tho case was Mr.- J?.. j..;Toole, the well-known toasimpafcor j But ho was unablo to throw any light upon tho question raised upon. .. Ins brother a ovidouco, inasmuch db the three gentlemen liad'not'on this occasion tlio advan tage of his valuablo assistance. to charge their glasses. .. Howovor, the gathering perplexity of ' the question whothor it was' sherry or whether - ltiwas champagne was summarily dissipated by the appoaranco in tho witness-box of Mr. Paul Bedford, who declared that it was both. Mr. Bedford wnB also able to lend some ai l towards showing tho groundlessness of tho Era's con demnation of tho feto, by staling that he at toast had not forgotton-what waaduoto dignity — and dccortyn, for that tlie-p.ettico.ita of the fair uemma, the Pearl of Padua, jrero of unexcep tionable length. This of course wns a triumph .- for tho defendant, audit was augmented by ' i the suggestion that the. plaintiff, whose anxiety to maintain decency on tho stage extended pyen to considering the length of tho petticoats in which o -gentleman played alodyVpnrt, was m. the habit of inserting in his newspaper advertisements which spoke to tho initiated of mattera very much more offensive to morality than tho appearance oil the stigo of the Pearl of Padun in unduly abridged petticoats. It oertninly does soom rather strango that a news paper whioh is "tho organ of dramatio morals," and wlnoh treats Aunt . Sally and peep-shows with lofty scorn in ono column, should indicate in another column tho address of n vendor of indecent photographs. Mr. Toolo . is censured .for, as he' has oxproascd 'it, " making a stupid of himself" by acting Cheap Jack ior a cha- ritable object, whilotho censor lends his aid to ' any quack who is. willing to contrabt.for the pulling of his pills or ointment by the yeor. Wo certainly . cannot; soo that either the "Hermit's Cove," or tho "Tent of Mystery," at tho Crystal Palace, is liable to the condem nation of a journal which is admitted to liavo hired itself, .either knowingly or carelessly, ae a guido to tho coll of some recluse who is guilty of maoh more than merely helping silly people to rid Ihemsolres of thor superfluous cash. If the commodities sold nt fancy fairs are useless, we apprehend that quack pills are also useless, and very nasty into tho bargain. On tlio whole. Wfi fpfll f, J. tlint tho Royol Dramatic College and its feto will survivo the indignation both of the editor of the Era, and of the correspondent who, under tho initials "J. Y." gave utterance to what Mr. Webster rather strongly called "an infamous falsehood," concerning the fancy fair. This correspondent, it appear, was not altogether insensible to tlio forciblo language which Mr. AVobater used, for he subsequently sent him an . apology, but having sent it without consulting the Era, lie was charged by that papor in its next number with acting "so ungontlcmanly " towards its editor. It would rather Beem that Mr. Webster is a little apt to fling about big words at random, and, like the editor of tho Era, to disregard the conven tionalities of style. A .writer, who charges another with acting so ungentlemanly 11 towards himself is reasonably open to what Mrs. Malaprop .would call " an usperaion on his parts of speech j" and so when Mr. Webster calls an unauthorised publication of tho advertisement of tho benefit "a gratuitous xnBult to mislead tho public," wo infer from this curious ogglomorution of words that Mr. Webster was in a passion when lio had them put into his handbill. No doubt the act was in one sense " gratuitous," inasmuch os no charge was made for tlio advertisement ; but that can hardly bo tho scuso in which Mr. Wobster meant to use the word. Tho Era might havo stated with perfect truth tlfat Mr. Paul. Bedford's perfonuaiico of tho character » of tho fair Gemma was "gratuitous," but he . would scarcely havo conveyed by tliut epithet tho full forco of tho reprobation which the " organ of dramatio morals," desired to pro nounce against that incident of the feto. Tho sum of tho whole matter is, that these parties wero very angry, and— to psc one more vul"ur phrase— they havo now " had it out" in 01 en Court, and it is'to bo honed" that tlm itnB cleared tho atmosphere.— Salusday Bevieio. Thero is a farmer in Yorkshire who has a mile of children. r His name is Furlong, and ho lias four . boys and four girls. Bight furlongs make one mile. ' 