THE KA1TINGS. ,. v Witehes, fairies, spec.trcs, oracles, and -' ;«cond sight, having successively had iheir £ day, n new delusion was required, wherewith ;- 10 interest the|pablic mind; and behold the i- want is supplied. The new manifestation |'-consists in tappings. America has the roc 'fyi'it of discovery, or a.t least- of perfecting if( -iliis ghpstty wonder.. England, on the oc Jr. V casion'of the Cocldane ghost, was favoured will) rappings to a respectable extent; und '. ' everybody knows tliat unaccountable vounds of the rapping genius huve from time im ?? memorial been the sure signal -of domestic calamities. -But all' these 'pricasioual und ., arbitrary demonstrations o£: something nre onty ' the Bkirmishing^forerunners of the gramt spiritual battery now in operation in the United States. Over the whole country rapping goes on as a national institution, livery town of any size is provided .with n circle of believers to whom rapping is vouch safed. Philadelphia » alone hns 300 such mystic circles, and altogether the^Stntes are aiiid to have 30,000, each with its attendant spirits, all of whom are rapping most in dustriously .for the edification of a credulous public. As rappings nre probably about to bfg'u pn an equally importunt.'scale in Eng land — for they will sure come if sought for — it may be of use to^say a word before hand respecting thoir manoeuvres. Rappings commenced in America in what ? may' be culled a legitimate manner. One ;, night, in the 'year 1847, the sound of a | knocking at the street -door was heard in : , the house of a Mr. Weekhnnt, in the vil . v» /ago of .Hydesyille, Wayne County, state «»i New York. TWhen the door 'was opened nobody was to be seen. It wasftniriediateiy shut. Again- a loud knocking was heard. Openedlloriee 'more ; lio one. was visible. Jj'rom this time rapping by invisible agency was curried oniri a; very- strange wny, much to tha'nnhoyance of Mr. Wc'ekliam ; 'and for . this or surne other cause he left the |house, wlifen it became ocuupicd by Dr. John D. Fox and his family. Mrs. Fox and the Misses' Fox have ever since had wonderful things to, tell of the spiritual world, and ? have becoine tjie accredited media or pro ': phett'fiises oi*tho rnppings. Mrs. Fox's his \d tf of the rapping demonstration is quite its good as Defoe's account of Mrs. Veal's ghost. , ? ??»'????? 'LnJo on a Saturday night in March, 1848,' she, moceeds to snv, 'we concluded to go .to. bed 'early, and 'not let the noise disturb us; i fit came we thought we would not mini! it, bnt try to get a. good night's . rest. My^ husband had not gone to bed '??' ?' when we first Ji^ard.. the noise on this even ing. I had just lain down. It commonced hs. usual. 1 knew it from all other noises 1 hud ever heard in the house. The/girls 1 who slept in tho r dther bed in the 'room heard the noise, and tried to make u sintilar cute by snapping their fingers. Tho youngest girl is about twelve years old. , .As fast as -??? she made 'tho noise with her'fiugers tho ? sound was followed up in the room. It did not sound different at that time, only it made the same number of sounds that the girl did. Wlwn' she stopped, tho sound it telf stopped for a short time. The other girl, who'is in .hex fifteenth year, then spoke in sport, nnd said, ' Now, do just as'I do ; . . count one, .twty. three, four,1' &c.;, striking one hand on, the other at the same lime. Tho blows which, .she, made were repented as bo . fore. It appeared to answer her, by repeat ing every, blow'-ithat she inane. She only did so once, tr-ho then began to be startled ; olid then I spoke, und said to the noise, 'Count ten j' and thonjt made ten strikes or noises. Then I asked the ages of my different children successively, and it gave a y number of raps corresponding to the ages of my f6hildre.n. I then naked if it was a Jimnon being the noise, and, if it was, to make the same noise. There was no noise I then nsked if it was a spirit, and, if it ? was, to; manifest it by two sounds. 1 heard t.vo sounds as soon as the words \rere*spoken. i then asked, if an injured spirit, to give Xv me the sound. I then' heard the rapping distinctly.- 1 enquired if it was injured in -this house. It rapped. Was tho injnrer living ?'' Same answer ; and further under stood that^ its' remains were buried under the dwelling ; 'that it was thirty-ono years of age— a male — and had, left,*- family of five children, all living. ; Was the wife living ? t Sileuco. Dead? Happing How long since? * Two rafm.'f/ ?. ' ??????? Attention beingnow paid to the rappings, it was found (hat they could bo methodised, and rules formed for their interpretation. \Ih this new spirit' language a .single rap ; ? signified' yes, '', and the answer ' no ' was £ . indicated by Jsilenfee. The spirit being f a8ked,whother it woi^ld spell out a reply if ';-??' the alphabet wore called over, it rapped an affirmative.. This was a great step iii hd . vance. , A,.printedialphnbe't being laid oh the table, a psrson pointed to onoli letter in succession, and on arriving at the required letter a rap :wasJhoard. The querist then . rcoommenoSd ;'utitil each letter composing the nnswor^as 'signified. 7 In ; this, way names and ^sentences were, slowly spelled out, much to (ho 'delight of the auditory.^ When the spirit wanted the alphabet it iil-' ways gavejive raps. Another, feature in the manifestations, wus soon deterniinedi' The spirit appeared to hnve.' n will of its own and wouldans'ver only through a favourite interpreter or medium. .If the. medium was not present the' spirit' !was exceedingly tnoiturn. No medium got such ready jw Hwers as Margaretta; one of the Misses Fox, aged 1 4, and it ..was considered to be a ??' r. straugo ciroumstanoo that when. pnrt of Miss 'Fox's ffamily 'reniovod to IUohester, this girl included, ''.the ' sounds : afcoompanieA thrni.' '??, Whoth'or the spirit had beon acci dentally packed up in the 'trunks no .one. could tell. ''The sudden arrival of the man ifestations at lloohester oreated, as may. be aupposod, an immense, sensation. . A public inooting was. called to consider what should, bet dono ; andi' a committee haS'ing Keen : ' ... ? ...?.' . ': ?-? '&&., - ''? ? forn^ed'to'make all necessary investigations, several {earned' dignjtariesVtook tlie matter in hand. It'wns of no use. ' All fuiled to arrive at any satisfactory solution of the mystery. InNovoniber, 1849, the rappings had at tained a aingular pitch of audacity. Act ing on the aggressive they signified that the Fox family had a duty to perform, anil ought to propagate a kuowledge of tho new spiritual manifestation. The fame of rap pings was consequently sounded far and wide, and reverend divines crowded to the shrine of which Mrs. Fox and her tbreo daughters were the priestesses. The usual method of invoking the spirits ws for a se lect party to assemble round a table, and to put and receive answers through a me dium ; and thus clergymen, literary men, young men, and others waited the ghostly revelations in awe-struck silence. The Rev. C. Hammond, in his testimony lo tho rappings, mentions that the spirits did not always confine themselves to raps, but some times proceeded to lift the tables and knock the furniture about in a very curious way ; all of which was vastly entertaining and suggestive. He eays : — On the third visit I was selected from a-half-dozen of gentle men, and directed by these sounds to retire to another apartment, in company with tlie three sisters and their aged mother. It wag about 8 o'clock in the evening. A lighted caudle was placed on a table, nnd wo seated ourselves around it-; I occupied one side of the table, the mother and young eBt daughter the right, and two of tho sis ters the left, leaving the opposite side of the tabls vacant. On taking our positions the sbuuds \fero heard, and continued to multiply aud fiecamc more violent until ev ery part of the -room Xrembled with their demonstrations. They were unlike any I had heard oefor.e. Suddenly, as we were all resting on the table, I Wit t)*e side next me raov\i£ipwards., I pressed upon it hea vily, but soon it passed o^t of the reach of us all, full six feet from me, and at least four fronf the person nearest to it. I saw distinctly its position; not a thread could have connected it with any of the company without my notiua. for I had come to de tect imposition, if^t could be found. In this position we romaincdUill^ the question was asked, ' Will the spirit move tho tublo back where it was before ?' ,\vhen buck it ciime as though it were carried on the head -of some one who hnd not suited his posi tion to a perfect equipoise, the balance being som.itimes^in favor of one side nnd then the other, blit it regained its first po sition. The reverend tesiilier adds that any of the company could huve performed these things, under the circumstances in which we were situated would require a greater stretch of credulity on my part than it would to believe it was the work of spirits. The Misses Fox, and a married sister named Mrs. Fish, now visited New York for the purpose of spreading the fnitb. Here, as in Rochester, overy coiioeivablo test Wi-s applied in a manner to satisfy the most sceptical, but nothing like trick could be elicited; Fashion' taking the thing up, rapp ing circles were formed and hosts of people entered into tho delusion. Parties were made to go and have an 'evening with the spirits.' Shades of fathers, mothers, chil dren, and other relatives were called up in a very friendly wuv to reveal themselves, und answer the questions that were put to them. At. one of these seances, a certain Dr. J. W. Francis determined to have a chat with the spirits; but no sooner did he propose himself than he was welcomed with a general roll of knockings from tho mys terious agents, who seemed to claim him as an old. acquaintance. The following is the account of the colloquy : — 'With his pro verbial urbanity, seating himself as if ho wero at the bedside of a patient, Dr. F. ask ing in the torms of the most insinuating blandness whether - the spirits would con verse with any member of tho company ?. Would they vouchsafe to speak to his il lustrious friend tho world-renowned author, Mr. Cooper ! Would they couverse with the great American poet, Mr. Bryant. Would they speak to so humble an indivi dual as himself? Loud knocks. Dr. F. then asked, fixing on a person, ' Was ho an American 7 Was ho an Englishman? Was he a Scotchman ? '' The knocks were loud and unanimous. 'Was he a mer chant t Was ho a lawyer ? Was ho an author?' Loud knocks. Was he a poet? ' Will you tell his namo ?' Hero tho Bpints called for the Alphabet by sounds intelligi ble to the ghostseers. It then spelled out B— u — r,— when the company iudiscretely but spontaneously interrupted by crying out ' Robert Burns.'' This wan the true answer. Of course thiswas very astonishing. But something more strange to follow. Not withstanding that the spirit had declined to enter into conversation with Mr. J. Feni more Cooper, who, alas !' has since joined the world of spirits, that gifted person made an attempt to hold a discourse with theun seen gueBt. Ho was at length, listened to, and so the conversation' began — '.Is. the person . I inquire about. a- relative?' Yes was Jot once indicated by the knocks. 'A near' relative?'. Yes. ' A man?-1 No answer. '.'A woman ? '' Yes. 'A daugh ter? A mother? Awifo?''1 No answer. '?' A.v.iis.ter ? ' YeB. M r.' C. then .asked the number of years ainco her death.. To this an answer was given in rapid and indistinct raps, some counting forty-five, others, fifty four, lie. Alter considerable,. parleying as to tho manner in 'which thequestion.shou.ld be answered,' the consent of the. invisible interlocutor was given tojknook the years so slowly that they might , be distinctly ooun ted. , This was done. Knock — knock — knock — for what' seemed over a miriuto till the number, amounted to fifty, and was un animously announced by the company. Mr. C. . then asked, ' Sid she die of consump tion,' naming sevcni! diseases to which, no i ? . ' . an answer was giten. .' Did she die hf accident ? ' Yes. ' Was she killed by lightning T Was she shot ? Was she lost at sea ? Did she full from a carriage ? Was she thrown from a horse f ' Yes. Mr. Cooper did not pursue his enquires further, and stated to the. company that the answers were correct — the person alluded to by him being a sister who just fifty years ago the present month was killed by being thrown from a horse ! A volume could be filled with similar narratives of what till the present day is going on in America ; and, in fact a portly volume is produced on the subject — the au thor, Mr. Henry Spicer, being to nil ap pearance a thorough, believer in the alleged manifestations. I lie success which at: tended the Seances of the Misses Fox, soon induced others to try their hand at calling up spirits, and speedily the country was covered with media. People, when met in ovening parties would propose to have some spiritual intercourse, nnd, as if the invisible world were let loose, they sel dom were disappointed. Spicer quotes an eye-witness of what occurred at a meeting in his presence. 'The spirits announced themselves somewhat unexpectedly by turn ing over the solid aud ponderous tuble ; ' aud after several surprising vagaries, the demonstrations increased in force and num ber. ' The table was actually lifted up from the floor without the application of a humnn hand or foot. ' A table, weighing I should judge 100 lbs. was lifted up a foot from the floor, the legs touching nothing. I jumped upon it, but it came up again.' It then commenced rocking, without, however, al lowing me to slide off, although it cunted at least to an angle of 45 degrees. Finally un almost perpendicular inclination slid me off; and another of the company tried it with the same result. These things ull happened in a room which was light enough to allow us seeing under and over and all around the table, which was touched by no one except the two persons who respectively got upon it to keep it down. Wo went into a darkened room to sec the spiritual Hashes of light said to have been vouchsafed to some investigators. Instead of ihis we were greeted with 'tremendous rnppings nil about ns. Some of the blows on the walls, floor mid tables, within threo inches of my self wore Astounding. I could hardly pro duce suoh violent demonstrations with my fist, though 1 were to strike with all my might. The very walls shook. Answers to questions were given by concussions of various force and intonation, alluding to the character of the spirits communicating. ' A favorite little daughter of one the gentle men present — a stranger from n remote state — who had left tho earth in tho fourth year of her age, announced her presence by a thick pattering ruin of eager nnd joyful little raps.; arid iu answer to un inward re quest of ;her father, she laid her bnby hand on his forehead !_ This was a man ..who was not. a believer in these things ; he had never1 before seen them, but he could not mistuke the thrilling feeling of- that spirit touch. I also had a. singular manifestation, in. the character of which I am not deceived; Sud denly nnd without any expectation on the part of the company, the medium Mr. Hume was taken up in the air ! I had hold of his hand at the time, and I felt his feet; they were lifted a foot.from the floor ! He pal pitated from head to foot with the contend ing emotions of joy nnd fear which choked his utterance. Again and again he was taken from the floor, and the third time he was cuxriedjo the lofty ceiling of the apart* ment, with which his hands and head came in. gentle contact. 1 felt the distance from the soles of his boots to the floor, and it was nearly three feet.- Others touched his feet to satisfy themselves. This statement can be substantiated if necessary. No doubt it can ! O these cyo-witnesses ! What mischief do they not do to the cause of truth ! ? It cannotbe supposed, however, that there were not sceptics; electricity, ventriloquism, and legerdemain, with certain mechanieul contrivances were proposed as accounting for the manifestations ; but according to the authorities oh tho subject all conjecture failed to explain} tho rnppings in any other way than as a spiritual development Here the matter may be snid to rest. America remains in a state of astonishment, That any one in our day can be brought into the belief that departed spirits are permitted to re-visit the earth for the purpose of over turning tables, nnd answering ridiculous questions may well excite surprise. But it would seem that the appetite for the mm vellous is never to be satisfied. The cir cumstance of the spirits being occasionally guilty of falsehood' does riot awaken the. suspicions of the credulous — tho Misses Fox smoothing away all difficulties by the simple explanation that there wore lying as well as truthful spirits, ns they had found out by experience. What may prove to be a solution of the rappings may be shrewdly guessed from a single fact : the accomplished media exhibit to the faithful only on pay ment of an entrance fee. Ah, dollnrs, dol lars, ye are at tho bottom of it after all.' — W.C.— Chambers Journal. ' \ ... 