8Dfre Cettïter* SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1862. THDRE is a peculiar form of mental and moral constitution by no means infre- quent, which is not, and apparently can- not be, satisfied -with those ordinary and legitimate methods of doing things which long \isnge and universal practice have established as, and proved to be, the best. Persons of this configuration aie always making signal failures in their attempts to improve upon what everybody else thinks good enough. When the complaint has assumed only a mild form, it may be treated with forbearance, as meiely quarrelling with one's bread and butter, hut wheo it be- comes malignant, prompt action must be taken to~induce- a return to common sense. Edged tools must be withdrawn from reach, the plainest diet is the best, and though the fastidious stomach will at first reject'it, yet the digestion rapidly 'thrives in Vigour when assisted by the occasional hard and d17 rubbing of the cutaneous ' membrane with a rough article. In the political world, we find in- valids- of this class remaining in feeble health for a long time,,and in- fecting their weak ideas all around. Sometimesthey damp otherwise vigoious efforts by auguid and sinister inquiries as to the prospect of success^ which they are sure if hopeless-and why,¡throw labor away? Or they nn ote from some book, whicl they havu never" read, to shew that very lamentable consequences have occasionally been known to ensue from even so simple a cause as not having one'i meals regularly. They re- semble the) learned gentleman whom SANCHO PA|ZA. ordered with justifiable rudeness froh his presence, with a threat of severe punishment if ever he shewed his face at dinner time again. For, said he, " a Government which does not find "a man in victuals, is not worth two " beans," We hav« always looked upon the British rulj under which we havo the honor tolivj, as being of a very excellent .quality. It never enteied into our heads to find fault with it, and we have a well instilled dread of any tinkers who may be anxious lo improve upon it; considering them tot 1» highly dangerous persons. We know «id confess that, even under British government, things will 'some- times go wrong, but then/there is such a glorious liberty to gb iii'at once and rec- tify, that no great harm is , likely to bo done, unless that liberty is restrained and' hampered. Now,' here in Queens- land, various, measures have been from time to time iproposed,-have been in- troduced with much gracious, unctuous talk, but have been ignominiously kicked out by the members of Parliament themselves, On three several and con- spicuous occasions it has been found necessary for the public generally to come forward and- express their opinions freely, upon certain mistakes of a grossly palpable character, which their repre- sentatives were somewhat anxious to rush into. Between any people and their representatives a great difference of opinion may exist on a particular measure, but it by no means necessarily follows that bad motives need be mutu- ally imputed. The proper way to settle matters of this kind is the way which was adopted last night. A measuie is under discussion in the Legislative Assembly which is regarded outside "as " a serious and perfectly unnecessary in " fringement upon the liberties of the " colonists " The Militia Bill has passed a second reading, and as the whole measure from baginning to end, is looked upon as highly objectionable, tho electors of North Brisbane convene a public meeting to discuss what ought to be done under the circumstances. The electors of For- titude Valley do the same thing ; of this 'latter-mentioned meetingwe cannot speak as we could wish,- for we think even the great necessity of the case was outstretched, and that some paris of the proceedings will ill bear cool loflec tion. But about last night's meeting there could be no mistake. The School of Arts was densely packed by an audi- tory immeasurably attentive and orderly, when the discomfort of so great a number pressed into a building not half large enough is considered. The opinions ex- pressed wore sound and intelligent, and the total result, as an united public utterance on a political measure, was all that could be wished. Whether there are those who will venture to speak of, or to treat lightly, last night's meeting remains to be seen. It is unnecessary to dwell upon the Militia Bill now, and we will conter>t ourselves with remaikiug that it will walk steadily aud uninterruptedly into that political limbo where the ghosts of the first " Privilege Bill " and the " Civil Service " Biir'arenowdisportiug. And a spectral trio they are I Now it may be worth a harmless flight of imagination to conjec- ture what Queensland would have been had each of these three Bills passed into law. What a sincerely free country it would have been ! What "an eligible "field for immigration," as the pamphlets say?,. The « Civil Service Bill" would have brought down every gentleman in the Government employment in his own self-respect, and have ticketted him before our eyes as a flunkey. The " Privileges Bill" would have made our public servants our masters, and the public generally would have been, by this Militia Bill, shouted at and domi- neered over by all sorts of creatures, gazetted by outlandish names, we, all the while not daring to run the risk of a libel, by appealing to the Parliament our- selves had oreated Î The colony has safely passed these dangerous rocks ; how many more there are ahead we know not, but we know there are some, and it will be our duty, as faithful journalists, to ^ive timely warning when in their neighborhood. As for small talk about making a fuss of nothing, all we can say is-and the exhibition of publio enthu- siasm last night justifies the remark that, had no action outside Parliament been taken on all three of the measures we have referred to, we should indeed have 'proved ourselves, to the other Australian colonies and to the world, as unworthy descendants of the good old British blood. Eemonstrance in each case was our hounden duty, as it always will be when our oivil liberties are thus imperilled; but perhaps there are steps not yet taken which would much dimi- nish the unhappy necessity, during every session of Parliament, of having to un- dertake a Btout defence of what never ought to be attacked from guch a quarter. THE " ERIN-GO BBAGH " AND ¡' CITÏ OF BRISBANE" SHIPS.-It will be remembered tbat a paragraph appeared in our issue of yesterday, to the effect that two square rigged vessels, bound to the northward, had been Bighted by the Samson and Jeannie Dove.' These vessels were supposed to be the Erin-Go-Brngh and City of Brisbane, with immigrants for Queensland. The supposition would seem to be confirmed by t the fact that something like a discharge of rockets was notiped st tho entrance of the bay on Thursday night last, the pbject of course being to procure the assistance of a pilot. Unfortunately, however, there was no pilot at hand, and consequently we arc «nab]e to give any definite information on the subject. The report with regard to the letting off of rockets is based upon informa- tion received from Captain D'Oiley of the Clifton, 