? : : ? ~ ': — ^ — -a , ? The narrative: bf^ ; th^ v month commences from the point at which the Federals gained their 6uc-J cesses in Maryland; the leading facts of which, via California, reached us 'subsequently ;tb the arrival of the September mail. , We have now the fuller details of .the Federal .victories. The Bal timore correspondent !bf the Time3, under date 23rd September, describes V . ' ; ..,,?...? -HiS BAjL'ThH ,OJ? AKTUIi'&M.; ,;,... Antietam, Creek (pronounced Anteatam) , is -, a , rapid mountain stream, which cuts its way across the Pennsylvania border in a due southerly direc- , tion, \until it enters the .Potomac between Boons-; boro' andSharpsburg. , The ground upon its right, bank;is admirably adapted for -a defensive , posir .; l;ion, and consists of. bluflB which rise into a plateau, ; interspersed rwithv hisre and there Blight depres sion^ and .dotted with cornfields 'and patches of, forests, and intersected in many; places by stone walls.,, Pne or, two ''lanes^: penetrating at right; ; ngles to: the stream, and deeply sunk, afford' natural rifle pits, pi' which Excellent use was., rnade bytheCorifederates. ?? They resemble greatly that ''little hollow way'*, which played so .con spicuous a part at W, aterio.o, and which runs infrqnt Of the grounds of Hougomont.'1 The Federal at- ' tack could riot be rma'de without fording Antietam Creek; which 'is too' deepcut to be easily passed'.' The line of battle extended s'orrie five mileBj through the larger portion of ?which the Con federate right and centre were protected by; the stream ; but on the Confederate left the stream - bends^away from the' plateau and turns eastWard^ towards BLeedysvill'e ; and ; here, ' upon Tuesday evening; the 16th of September; the first act- of the battle^ was played' by General : Hooker, who advanced ? across ? the stream and ; along ? the Willismsport road, upon which he gained'an elevated position, in immediate proximity to the' Confederate pickets. The two armies passed the lovely autumnal night of thstt beautiful upland region of Maryland in close proximity. Wednes day, September 17, broke a cloudless morning. Ihe earnest Btreaks or day were welcomed by men ?' whose orisons, were the shriek of the bursting shell, the deep, sullen boom of the cannon, the1 whistling hiss of angry musketry. The extreme' Federal right and the Confederate left sprung naturally and instantaneously into colli sion; and 1 know no; better way of guaging the severity of the contest in this: part Of- the field than by 'stating that the Official loss in' Sumner's corps, consisting of three divisions, is returned at 5208 'men. Again and again the battle surged backwards and forwards, and was especially fierce round a large farmhouse and enclosures called Rulette's Farm. Sedgwick's Division was the first to open the ball, and, as it advanced on the right, ? it was supported on the left by French's Division,:, which 'moved into a 'small wood and cornfield and soon became hotly engaged. J Simultaneously the Confederates jbore 'fiercely; down-: upon- 'i Sedgwick, driving his division back for some hundreds of yards. To relieve Sedgwick an order was given by General {Sumner (who had taken command after General Hooker was wounded, about 9 in the. morning,); ito .French to charge with, his whole force'- and gain the, heights.; :, The .order, was gallantly: | obeyed, and the overhanging woods were swept i clear; of the enemy by Kimball's Brigade. . But at Yxrliof /»r»D-' +V»»a annnaaa-ftii r*Ttoloiif»V\\+ vrraa tvta^n /ton be estimated only by-those who read the long list of Federal officers' wounded, including KimbaU himself, and almost every other man who wore shoulder-straps in the brigade. But scarcely were the heights gained when a strong body of Cori federateB, rushing between! Sedgwick's and French's Divisions, arid,, seizing Rulette's house arid farm buildings, exposed the attacking force to imminent jeopardy. Around, this farm, the Hougomont of the day, the fighting was too se-; vere to be long protracted. About 10 o'clock the Confederates were driven slightly back, their fire slackened, ammunition seemed falling short, and French's Division, a mere ghost and shadow of its former self, 'stood firmly aha savagely bri the ground which it had won and which it held mainly with the bayonet. ';. The Confederates were not long in resuming the offensive. Again they descended upon French, and his shattered columns seemed little capable of offering resistance. At this moment the third division of Summer's corps,' commanded by Gene ral Richardson, moved briskly up to support Ge neral French. Again the battle raged more furi ously thari ever, but Richardson's men, fresh and stronger in number than their opponents, drove them heavily back; and captured tho only rebel standards which were, I believe, lost on that eventful day. The Confederates fell back some three quarters of a mile; the Federals had hardly strength to fellow. At half-past one the battle on the Federal right and Confederate left was over, and one mile and a half of ground densely covered with dead and mangled men, not to mention what are described as high mounds or piles of slaughtered horseB, bore evidence of the bloody obstinacy of the fray. It must be men tioned that the struggle at Antietam Creek was mainly fought out on the right and left wings. The nature of the ground in the centre, where the direct, road from Keedyavilla to Sharpsburgh crosses the creek, was too broken and rugged to adnait, of the manoeuvring of troops or handling of artillery. Near this road General Fitz John Por- ; ter, with 16,000 men in' reserve* was stationed - during the whole day. This was the bnly body of .men on : the Federal side which was not, en gaged. As an evidence of the even and balanced nature of the whole day's struggle, it is alleged that 'General M'Clellan,, did' not dare ; to ' employ General' Porter'B. men when,, Burnr side's 'attack on the1 left was recoiling and Burnside himself iniporturiate for aasistance.' The ' ground which : had been gained on the right 'was , ; so; insecurely held that it; was; felt that another Confederate onslaught1 might at ? any , moment i overwhelm' the ' exhausted'.'Feder als. ;,';Tp \: prtSyeivt A this, as well .as to check, the rebels if -they iucr' ceeded (which, if half an hour more of light had be^ri ..granted , them; they would5' have 'done) ; in .'f driving Burnside across the bridge^ ms trie' pbjebt ; with which- General Porter'sjmen'were heidiiri harid. Our details' of the attackmade by General Burnside,' in 'comrnand^ as;; it 'stated;; of not s more than; 16,000, men, jupori? the. . Confederate; ' right, ..are much more scanty -than-; of.r the '' operations ' agkinsi1' rthe; cCbrifederate^left. It: is; evident that; if : .?Burnside ^could , haye1 tarried the .-bridge, and heights ibeypnd ,, it, and, ?-. held, them, the , Confederate army would ha-yeti been l.iii' .extreme. ';jpi^V.pf.\:lbeing:.;'.Cftt :oiT;fr.om Sharpsb'urg. But it was impdssiibie to carry so ., tremendous a pdsitipri'when; the* Gdnfederatesi re lieved f rbrri; Hookqr 's or Sumner's attack;on the ' right, iriaesed dense bodies of troops Ja^ainst; '^ Burnside and drove him steadily'back. The/last ' Orders of 'M'Glellan: tp him at sundown wefej f^Cbme 'what ;inayj, hold the,' bridgeV, rIf : the '. bridge is lost, we ? , are , lost .with 7it {? ' , , How t^.ear : and'itnminent was the peril; to which the whole i FederiSilatmiriyas: exposed is probably, known, to ; ; few., . But ithe , sun sunk, and Burriside, ?weak. ;;j shattered and reeling, was not pursued,; and M'Clellan ; had gained Jwhati . to one fighting ?- uri3!er , such '', conditions, , riiusj; be , adni^tteoi-; Seldom, :since' the world - first -witnessed . the ', %iy^$lp£!w§x%'%^fa^\ti\Bwii$; ;of; appalling;1 barnageand suffering mutely;appeWed to he^ayen. ' tt is .probablethat within an area of fivex square, i rniles'.at least. 30; 000 'dead arid wounded men ,;? the yibtims of vthe.Vppliticians, of , the'^l^ited: .States, [ay- in every conceivable attitude of^agony;. and pain.-1 ^Eyery-buah,'1 every crevice : of rook; every ,' furrow of byeryjfipldhad^its;^ tenant; while the mangled, but. still liyingsufierer, , with -faint and -piteous wailing, ^demanded water ,- Co supply his exhausted. Hferblood,-,vtod harrdwed^! up the abul of thJe Languished, observer:; ' Iri thfe Immediate vicinity of Gettesville animmensehole ' ?was rapidly filled' with Britputated'limbs.' i Inci- ; dents of hbrrof '.ehpjigK tp/fiU a ybluriie,';mubh^a8 ' their, insertion!; is; discburaged ^ in alt .'Northern ? journals^ meet the eye.at every turn.-I.cbuld quote.; from .the papers before me column ' after ? Column -v descriptive of such scenes as would beheartferiding even if they related to .transactions enacted athou- ; Barid;years;agP: ?';?'-????;? -??'?- :. ?- ; ??*???. : u:.^ -,:.,;?. ,u ?.:.?? I :, ;i;/;,/!:; '^:.THB,^dAMAtGN.'IK;xHB';,wEsr.' : ???,?.? ' :-:; The [principal .incident of the month was an. ?engagement fought on the; 3rd and 4th October, ; |at, Corinth, 'Mississippi, between the -Confederates under Gerier als : Price and Van, Dprri, and the Federals under General Rosencrariz. The number jof the Feder'als is riot given ; that of 'the Con- ; leratesis Btaiea.m *u,uyu.: lurenerai- Jtvosencranz officially reports that there, w:^s great , slaughter^ that'his iOBs, ; particularly in officers, was, very large, and that the Confederate loss was much, larger. ,, Am despatch: of Vthe; 7th, states. :thatfthe Confederates were driven back five miles, arid lost, all. but their : small arms. ? The Federals took two ' batteries arid 300 prisoners. '- $uch; at least was the Bubstanee of the Federal reports which reached -us -about a- week ago;; ; but;.we confess that in the accounts brought by the last mail we find no confirmation of any. decisive victory; The troops which were represented . as retreating in such confusion appear from these last accounts not; to have as yet laid down their arms. Indeed, in this battle at Corinth, it seems that the Con federates succeeded in reaching the main public s'quare in the city before they were compelled to retire. The Federal pursuit, we are told, was followed,; up for some miles ; but as theVtelegrams are silent respecting any captures effected or damages done, we are compelled to coHcliide that the Confederates retired uumolested. In iKentucky, also, there has been ' a good deal of sharp ' but appareritly indecisive fighting. After Murnfordsyille had been- taken by the Confede rates and retaken by the Federals; and' after a long series of mancsuvres iri; the neighborhood of Louisville, we hear of a deBperate collision at Perry sville between the Southerners under General Bragg, and the Northerners ? under General Buell. ' The battle of Perryeville, whioh occurred on 'the 8th of October, was, bo far as we can learn by putting together the various telegrarns, fought between about 17;000 Federals' andJ a Confederate army sup posed to be of equal strength.. One of the ac counts represented the Confederates as remaining . in possession of the ground ; another affirmed that they had been driven seven miles by the Federals. Tbe New York papers reported, on the morning of the 11th, another battle atPerrys ville ; it was short, but desperate ; : the ? Con federates broke and retreated South, with the Federals in full .pursuit. But by the evening this report seems to have been disproved; A later telegram announces that the report of a battle having been fought oh the 9th at Perrysville was incorrect; and; the official despatch of * General Buell merely announces that' the enemy was re pulsed, after having gained .'some momentary advantage on. the left.' ...'.. .,....,_ . , PROCLAMATION OP EMANCIPATION. President Lincoln has issued a proclamation declaring that in all States whioh shall not have returned to the Union on January 1, 1863, the slaves shall after that date be free. This procla mation, which iB dated September 22, runs as follows: — ; , , 'I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United StateB of America, and Commander-in- Chief of the Army and Navy thereof, do hereby proolaim and declare that hereafter, as heretofore, the war will be prosecuted for the object of practically restoring the constitutional relations between the United States and the people thereof, in whioh States that relation is, or may be, suspended or disturbed ; that it iB my purpose, upon the next meeting of Congress, to again recommend the adoption of a practical measure tendering pecuniary aid to the free ac ceptance or rejection of all the Slave States, so called! the people -whereof may not then, be in ?rebellion against the United States, and which . Stages , may -then have voluntarily . adopted, or ^thereafter may .voluntarily adopt, -t^e immediate ,.br, /gradual abolishment . of slavery within, their .respective limitB ; and, that the efforts to colonise Ipersphs of African descent, with; their' consent, /upon the continent or else where,, with the pre yiously obtained coriejent '. of ,.the ; go'yerhments ?exwtihfr ,the're, ; \yill tie continued ,; , that: on .'the 1st jdaypf January, iii the .year; of our Lord 1863, all perBQns held as slaves within any State, .. or fany.( designated ,p?It;of a State, the people ?whereof, : shall,' then,' be' in febeUioh 'against :, 'the Ignited States, Bhall. be thpn thenceforward and for ever free i ; arid the executive 'government 'of ; the ;Uni.ted States, mcludin g the military and ^navai authorities thereof, w.iil recognise and rqairi' 'tainthe freedom, of such persons, and will do no act or.acts to represapuchperBonB, or any. of tfiem, |ii. any efforts t%y,m'ay make for their actual free Jdont; jthat the (executiye will, onthe'lst .day.,pf ; January afpresaidj by prpcl^matipni designate the . States and parfo of States, if aiiy, in which, the people thereof respect)lyely shall than be to'rebjeir l&riagaina;^ that ^any'jStatej'-or the p|ople thereof, shall on that day 'be'in'g0pdfaitH'r6piesente.d of the PniteoV States by~; members chosen . thereto at elbctipnflL wherein ja, .majority of the quaUfied 'voters ib£sucliSfcate. shall have participated sfiall^ in thejabsenc^'.of sjtrongcounteryail^g testimony, be ?. deemed conclusive evidence, that '. such ' State aM the. people ;ihereof;have not been in rebellion against theXJiuted States.' ? ,'?'' ..'?[.?' '~ 