PALMERSTON AND . HIS DOINGS. , {From the Liverpool ¿tb'oh, June 2). ; NOT onlyis the supreme .sovereigntyof the one man rulewe live'under testified by the absorption of universal thought io the consideration of what the veteran viscount is doing and what he is going to do,.without reference to what anybody else may I do or have undone, but the record, of his former I doings, a quarter'of a century, ago, and how be " did'* the then anfüllest of foreign and domestic dodgers, is simultaneously challenging Con'i nen tal sad English reflection, or at least should do if the faculty hadn't died out like the appetite for Beform and other inconvenient longings, I he disclosures ju Guizot's "Embassy to the Court of St. James's : m 1840," as alludad to last week, are more copious and circumstantial even than were amicipated ; recalling the old days of the Portfolio revelatit of state secrets, when that finest of fine arts, t art of concea'ment through > excess, of light, fi came- into play, and a culprit escaped detection the self-emblazonment of bis crime ; "soppressi opinion by corrupting its organs," as Sir Zane Caxton says in the June number of Blackwood con cerning that traitorous Temple of fame and pillar of Stuart state under the first Guelph, the sinner saint John Bolingbroke, to wit. The bulk of Guizot's book is devoted to an exposition of the personal policy of Palmerston on the Eastern [Egypto-Turkish] question ; a policy the reverse of English, opposed to all the other members of the Cabinet, as also to tho policy of Wellington Peel, and Aberdeen, and, consequently, a policy for the promotion of the same ends as the Affghan War was waged for and the Affghan despatches manufactured;—ends in direct antagonism to those ostensibly set forth. In appearance, the French Minister was opposed to the Porte, by wishing to uphold a rebellious vassal, Meheme Ali, or at least to prevent his being put down by European intervention, especially an intervention in which France should not play a prominent part. In appearance also, the English minister wished to sustain the Sultan by coercing tl Pacha. But appearance and re iii ty were whol at variance in tho case. Ten times worse th: the disease would have been the medicine whit the British m nister, " the truly British minister wanted to administer to the Sick Man. - A sing passage,» single phrase from the journal of Guizc who entered in writing every conversation imnt diately after it had occurred, and transmitted rr nute Jreports to Thiers, put the who'e poio namely,-" It cost Lord Palmerston an effort, tell me that the entrance of a Russian auxiliai army into Constantinople, combined with a English fleet in the Sea of Marmora, was settled condition.'^ Yet while telling this, an while in support of it forcing things, to all bi the last extremity between France and Englum despite his colleagues in his brother-in-law Me bourne's cabinet, despito tho Sovereign, and despi the public, he kept " reverting to the imment advantages that would accrue! to Europe at larc from putting an end to the exclusive protectoral I of Russia over the Porte !"-exactly the Affgba ! case over again, Guizot .had interviews wit j tho then Premier, Melbourne, who held that tb interests and honour of France and England wei I identical in the business, and that the preservatio of a good understanding between them was pan mount to all other considerations. So though Russell, Grey, and Lansdowne, Louis Philippi Wellington, Queen^Victoria, Leopold, Kingia ver active personage,in the matter,] and divers otlic individualities and nationhoods. But there wt one exception.- Who Thiers tell« ns-" Tho En peror N ¡cholas wa3 not so delighted since his occe sion. He rejoices Rt having embroiled France an England. He holds this result as immense, an make» no attempt to conceal the hopes he derive irom it. He will do »ll be can to widen the breac to the uttermost." That he did not widen it t absolute rupture is attributable to the fact, that th Englishman whom Thiers subsequently calle " the historian of tho future,"- went to Paris, an pointed out to him that a quarrel with France wt the real object aimed at, and that for France t aid ia such design would be to play the game i those who cared not a straw in comparison whi became of either Turkey or Egypt, the Sultan an tho Pacha, who were virtually but pawns on th chess- board. Palmerston himself [through Colt nel Caradock, a sort of Fenwick Williams man pulator of political pea and thimble work for th capital P. who has all such riggers under lr thumb,] was the prime mover of the Pacha's ir snborJination in '20,. though'only Secretary D War at tho time ; and when he went out witl Huskisson,- the Wellington-Aberdeen policy wa mainly " dir >ctcd to counteract tua mischief wliicl British encouragement of the rebel wes infiictio¡ on his suzeraine. Until Thiers was illuminate by the joy pf the czar, who had so schemed an t< bo actually s dicited by England and the Porte ti garrison Constitntinuple-a sol citatioc which hi magnanimous Vajesty benevolently complied with he identified the causo of the Pacha with thi cause of progrès?, and therelore of France, ant was prepared to push French views a l'outrance But the moment the subterranean current afore said indicated, he held his hand, and succumbed to Palmerston's apparent policy, which was th< very last thing Palmerston desired. The French minister resigned amidst the odium of having been baffled and be iten by the English minister who likowise roused the war-cry of Germanj against tho supposed Rhine- absorbing Gaul ; and so gave tho first taste of that judicious bottle holding which developed on the Hungarian boord nine years afterwards, when the Cossacks came through the Earpa'hians, and squashed Kossu h. ' All this doesn't appear in Guizot ; far from it ; and not an iota ot it in this fashion. In fact Guizot himself, though apparfntly on the verj verge of speechifying, in direct terms, whot all his evidence indicates, still stops short of defining it : juBt as the Chinese were for ages on the point oi di;cvvering 'gunpowder, yet didn't. Can it be that the.memory of the enchantress, Lieven, exer- cises a lock-jaw spell on the la'eat victim of her witchery towards on© who had bewizzarded her, when Cuoid was the beau ideal of archers, as the Archangel Tartar found when she tried to attach him to her apron-string ? Why this publication didn't take placo long ago is very remarkable ; but why it has taken place at all is still more so, considering that the three chief actors, Palmerston, Thiers, and Guizot, are still alive. And a fourth also, more important than any ; the one of whom Theirs thus wrote to Guizot while the negotiations were going, on-" If Lord Palmerston really wishes to take steps against the Pacha, in conjunction with three of, the conti- nental courts instead of four, if this should be the case, a little sooner or a little later the Brunow propositions will be signed, under one form or ano her." The Brunow proposition ' viere signed ; and. of course, the unfortunate Sick Man was Palmered very nearly into the conditions of a Rugely corpse by his affectionate friend, notwith- standing what Giuzot declares to have been .the conviction of Lansdowne» Melbourne, and Russell,' as to the.danger that;'* any arrangement concluded without France would turn to the advantage of Ressia." The old Whigs of Holland House, well knowing the antecedents of the Juvenile Whig, well knowing how Princess Lieven's mesmerism of the ghost-seeing Earl Grey had converted the' crony of the Regent, the St. Helena deporter of Bonaparte, the official applauder of the Six Arts and of Peterloo, into Foreign Secretary in the Reform Bill Ministry, necessarily knew the Krem- linism of the Anglo-Saxon patriot par excellence ; and they weren't very mealy-mouthed in giving a piece of their mind to all 'whom the intelligence concerned. Lady Holland' was once as damaging to tho Viscount as was, another Vixen ;-the Circassian Vixen ; Liverpool Bell's one ; and very'near belling the Masco vey cat that Vixen was, hud Sir Stratford [Redcliffe] not turned tait in the nick of time ; nick with a capital N, for it was in Beelzebub's behoof the cloven foot was shewn. " During the whole course of my embassy," says Guizot, ''and on the Eastern question in particu'ar, I ever- found at. Hollanâ House the sáme 'sympathetic desire that England sh mid act ia conjunction with. France rather thai with Russia. When the English Cabinet took s step ont of tais path, Lord Holland was visibly vexed and disturbed. Lady Holland, less gentle, vented her displeasure alternately against the journalists who supported the policy she disliked, against Russia, and against'the Baron Bruuow, towards whom ia general she evinced little favour. Oue of the most constant guests, a devoted friend of Lord Palmerston's, said to trie one day, 'Take care ; Lord Holland is very amiable, but he talk's too much for a Minister.'" The said Branow has one particular interview with Guizot, whereat he harps upon the noble nature and pacific disposition of the Czar in almost the precise words employed by the member for Tiverton [then Home Secretary in the Aber- deen Cabinet,] the last hour of the last day of the session of'51. when assuring England that no- thing could Me further from the Aut crat's intentions than to cross the Prath, for if he had a weakness, it was intense tenderness towards the successor of the Prophet 1 " He [tfick] is acquainted," quoth Bruuow, !f with, the progress of the evil ; he 6ees the Ottoman Empire menaced with ruin ; and, far from wishing to take advantage of it. he desires only the re-establishment of peace which shall re- store that Empire. Let France and EDgland un- derstand each other. Do you yield to such an ar- rangement as Lord Palmerston can adopt. I pro- test that if Lord Palmerston were present I would, hold the same language." Very little need, to shake salt on the tal ofthat bird, ever ready, to absorb any amount of Muscovy chaff- however foreign to British grain, and to listen to the voice of the Neva charmer, durra he never so knavishly. Writing to'Thiers concerning the home alarm created in * thé British ' Cabinet by the Foreign Secretary's anti- British conduct Guizst says-"The Tory opposition, [including of coarse Gladstone, Newcastle, and Cardwell,] stands on considerable reserve. Some of its members were¿ I believe, in- clined to bestow little censure on Lord Palmer- ston's disposition to conciliate Russia ; they now panse in that bias ;" and the Frenchman adds of civia Romanus-" His self-love ia materially com- promised ; and such is the construction of bis mind tnat, when once certain . ideas are established there, they fill and occupy it so strongly that opposite notions which are bronght before him may obtain passing attention, but no permanent entry. At the same time, 1 am far from feeling assured that amongst his colleagues, those who differ from him, and are disturbed by that diffe- rence, are resolved to oppose him strongly, either to change or arrest his policy at the moment of I execution." That's just it. People ask how it could come t o paBS that a minister whose alien proclivities rendered him obnoxious to his associ- ates, to his sovereign, and .to the public, [as the furious vituperation of tho Viscount by, his now principal parasite of tho press for a quarter of a century sufficiently showed,] was able to have his own way, and would let n one others have their way. He was always ready with a Cabinet crisis, as in this case, so he was in the Paccifico business, when his pretended operation in the Piraeus forced a real one in tho Sound, the other being full of sound and fury, signifying nothing, except to throw Hotspur into a fame about the Don's wnrming-pans, a very "noxious vapour"ex haling therefrom undoubtedly, but only bemusing the ifarl, who afterwards wanted to join the Viscount, and got broken for his pains, as all would be accomplices in the nefariousness they denounce deserves to be.' If any aspiring member .of Par- liament wants to make a reputation swift and cheap, he couldn't do better than cross-question the Premier on the contents of this extraordinary Guizot budget of Frank and galling anti-Palmers ton accusations. The interrogator will have, all Oroafc »nd - liílllv IJcila.M, 41.a wliol a nontiaent Of Europe, and the better half of the Isle of Man, meaning the entirety of woman kind, for an open eared audience, pnusingly open-mouthed for the «ply. '..v t 