SHAM LKOAT. rAnrKBits.-This spoolos ii aormeulnd | willi tho L indon attorneys ol expericnoe, and ouaningly ; tiara a rogttlar understanding about tho " prnft'n in trnitn." Tho ottornoy anil " thedork" are on the earn* j footing with «noli other. Ia auati oanos tho onnu.'rn giles on lluurtiihlnfjly. Waa to thota taft» employ tither ! U>ra j it U almoi-t I in possit) lo far tho publia to dotoat ia tmnineaa. . hour« in tim oulalous olerk tho psondo.lnwynr. Whelk j nton -, liowevor, alt restraint is thrown ofT, anti tho mas» < tor and man then appear os the; really nra-p.irtneroi Tallia honour of tba profession bo it atatud, th it thia i diing >roua OIOBS numbera but fon; by mason of th« riitltuully to proatira a roapeotable attorns/ to loud bia nunn nu o covert for tba protendod olerk. Tho poor roumani of an ottornoy who lands himself (o tho polia« or insnlvant-oourt paeiido?praotlonorfor bread, would not ' do for tho arUtroorutia praatltlonar on tho larger noahs ; theroforo tho ? number ls vary limited Indoeit. It will not ba my fault if they, with all tho othor Hpoolue, do not vory noon number lean.-i1. A, Lewi$. ' TUB ST WY CV AH nuiintoAN STATEBUAK. - Soma j thirty yoatH ugo, a barefooted boy floated down tho Sui- ' qtiehannnh on a lui tn bio ruft; and arrived ot Harrisburg ' Hu oitno from tho North, and bolongod to o largo family. ï AU bin worldly. nooda woro tlad up in o tiltia pookut hun Ikoroliiof. Ho Bought and obtaiaod employment in . ptintlnij-olTiaa as an opnrtsntiae. From nn npprnnlioo, . to o Ja irnoyman, from a jitunoyman to a reporter, frotan, * a raporier to au oditor, tho printer boy worliod his woy-" ' aijaloBt all obstados wliioti tho suiTorlng poor only know. Ï Tho ; o mg aspirant beaarao pilutor to tho Statu, arni, by j fragal managamont, was uoon enabled to aooomp'iih tho , objoa't noarnnt bia houri-tba ostab ishmont of I ii J mothar in a homo obovo want. His brotborB warn his nns^i' j ouo, and in a fow years thoy, too, with his aktera, woro «J > 1 indnoortdont in tho world; «nd the onoo barofiiotod printer boy was in possovBlun of uffl iono.', anrrotindod < by a young and ótTootionaio family. Ho rosa in honour fl and (IIUOB, until tho barefooted priator boy wai ulaatud a Unitod S'atoii' oonttor, This man is Simon Cameron, it the preaent Snarotary of War. . A Q)o» GHOST STOIIY.-A. correspondent senil» til tho :! following, »xtraotod from a lotter rooolvod by him yoBter. \ day,'from A friand In Tipperary :-" A funny Htory la hoing t°l>l »oro thoBo dari. A «roman in the oounty of ; Ll nuriok, not for from Emly, bu riot! her husband o fow mouths ago ; a knoak ooma to.tho door nomo night Inst monlli,1 olio o»kod 'who wai ibero; a hollow voioo on. aware-1, * I um your husband whom , you burlad, and I . om very mlaornblu in purgatory ti 1 my dobta oro paid. Stall'tho two pigs you have, and bo miro to hnvu tho mtutoy for roooo auoh a night wbon -1 call.' Tho poor . ', ' woman did as ho requlrod, and Colt happy at Jcfeig oblo j to moot lils reqdoit; whether through fear or lova (ni Ï bo opponrod,,wltli hil shroud and pain faoo), Ootivoaa "\ (bo drat and Bioqnd visit of tho ghaut tito poor woman > wont «ad told har story to tho prlo«t; ho told nor lt waa "J alf T«ir, good,1 but-at tho «amo limo to bavo two paitoa. . J mon fn tho hodsa whiri abo would bo Riving tho nioiioy. . . ?] Aooof ding, iftor getting »ho money, tho purottorUU"* 4 ahtouiUJ ghoBtoamo, and waa orroated by ihn' *' ." \ lodgad ia tlmorlok 8»ol, tUoro lo »."* .uno» and purgatory till Illa tti>l our*-- .-..»rgo w lltd.i moro ont to bu ft n lar n»KVhA... -""Í on,' v»l«. H"091 '"'nod I 