WEEKLY MINING REPORT. The want of water is now severely felt on several of our gold-fields, and in many instances puddling and crushing operations have been sus- pended. The Ajax Company, Castlemaine, are unable to crush in consequence of their dam being empty, and many others are similarly situated. This may, perhaps, in some degree account for the continued falling off in our escort returns, as compared with those for the corresponding period in last year. The return for the week end- ing 7th February showed a comparative deficiency of over 7000 ounces, and the returns for the first six weeks of the present year ending Friday last, exhibit a falling off as compared with the corresponding six weeks in 1861 of 37,796 ounces. The mining surveyors’ returns for the month of December show a decrease in the preceding month of the number of miners engaged upon our gold- fields of 3569. The de- ficiency is no doubt chiefly to be accounted for by the numbers who at that time were leaving this colony for New Zealand. This exodus is now entirely at an end, and lately the number of those returned have exceeded the departures. The returns for December show the total popu- lation of all classes resident upon our gold-fields during that month to have been 232,335, and the mining population to be 99,686. Of the mining population, 75,361 are Europeans, and 24,325 Chinese. There are 60,958 Europeans, and 24,317 Chinese engaged in alluvial, and 14,403 Europeans and 8 Chinese engaged in quartz mining. The population of the several districts is as fol- lows :—Ballaarat, 57,149, of whom 17,225 are miners. Beechworth, 23,740, of whom 15,857 are miners. Sandhurst, 32,775, of whom 11,468 are miners. Maryborough, 49,618, of whom 26,568 are miners. Castlemaine, 45,468, of whom 15,738 are miners ; and Ararat 23,585, of whom 12,830 are miners. The approximate value of all the mining plant in use upon the gold-fields is stated at £1,408,012, distributed as follows :— Ballaarat, £505,550 ; Beechworth, £131,200 ; Sandhurst, £271,000 ; Maryborough, £168,916 ; Castlemaine, £263,446 ; and Ararat, £67,900. In alluvial mining there are used 331 steam engines, with 4731 aggregate horse-power ; 4016 puddling machines, 468 whims and pulleys, 138 whips, 13 base pumps, 165 sluices and toms, 124 water- wheels, and 18 hydraulic hoses. In quartz min- ing there are employed 453 steam engines, having an aggregate horse-power of 7459, 54 crushing machines, 214, whims and pulleys, 7 horse pumps, 26 water-wheels, 6 derricks, and 23 whips. The number of square miles actually worked upon is calculated at 568¼. The mining companies at Ballaarat appear, for the most part, to be doing remarkably well, and some of them are yielding really splendid returns. The Nelson Company have up the present time received £15,000 worth of gold from their claim, and their next fortnightly dividend is expected to be about £30 per share. The Prince of Wales Company, Cobbler’s Lead, Ballaarat, are working in very rich ground. They have got up stuff that will average about 240 ounces to the machine, and are sanguine in their expectations of a divi- dend of £80 per man. A share was sold the other day for £650, and as much as £850 has since been offered for it. Since then £1000 has been offered and refused for a sixty-fourth share in the same claim. The Koh-i-Noor Company, on Saturday last, paid £45 per share, besides re- serving over 30 ounces towards the next dividend and paying equivalent to £6 per share ; and the Great Extended Company obtained last week 983 ounces towards their fortnightly dividend, which is expected to reach £100 per share. Looking at the course of the several leads on Ballaarat as shown by the present workings, the STAR considers that “ the Ballaarat leads, and if so, the main valley of the pre-basaltic era, has to be sought for in a line pretty nearly parallel with the valley of the Yarrowee and the Leigh. This coincidence of ancient and modern valley courses is by no means an uncommon phenomenon ac- cording to the geologists, and in this case the presumptive evidence is certainly strongly in sup- port of the hypothesis alluded to in connection with the course of the Ballaarat trunk lead and its tributaries. The subject is one not only cu- rious for the man of science, but of great pecu- niary importance to a large number of miners who have invested a great de al of capital, and labor, and time in hope of securing good claims on the hitherto presumed courses of the several leads intersecting the sides of the valley beneath the trap formations ; and every fresh contribution of evidence, therefore, touching the direction of the leads appeals with no little interest to the mining community generally in these parts. A new rush has taken place to a locality in the Ovens district, known as Wombat Creek, one of the tributaries of the Mitta Mitta, said to be situ- ate about 120 miles from Beechworth, and 50 miles above the junction of the Snowy Creek. The OVENS AND MURRAY ADVERTISER states that the prospectors “ are sanguine that they have disco- vered a gold- field sufficiently large to give remu- nerative employment to a large population for many years, and are so well satisfied with their own prospects that on Saturday last one of them started from here for Omeo, for the purpose of bringing Mr Warden Wills to the ground in order to secure their claim, &c.; The remainder of the party, accompanied by some dozen or more miners, started from here a day or two since, taking with them a supply of provisions, tools, &c.;, with the intention of giving the Wombat a fair trial.” The Benalla reefs are looking better. Thirty-four tons crushed last week from Berryen’s claim, gave a return of 40 ounces, and other good yields are reported. At Morse’s Creek, also, the reefs are giving average returns. One lot of thirteen tons is said to have yielded six ounces to the ton, and from twenty-five tons crushed from one of the claims on the Rose and Thistle Reef a yield of four ounces to the ton was obtained. In the Castlemaine district but very little has been doing. Some good stone has recently been struck on the Liverpool Reef, a small quantity (five tons) crushed having yielded five ounces to the ton. Most of the claims on the White Horse Gully Reef have now reached the water level, and consequently cannot be worked to advantage, the yield being too poor to induce the erection of the necessary machinery to drain the ground. A lot of sixteen tons of stone crushed from Bullock’s Reef, a few days since, yielded two ounces and a half to the ton. In alluvial mining there is nothing doing demanding any particular notice Nuggetty Flat, Tarrangower, is favorably re- ported of Alderton and Co.’s party have been trying some new ground, and have discovered a bottom at ten feet of hard granite, with remune- rative wash-dirt ; on driving the bottom has dipped to twenty feet, from which they are get- ting 15 dwt to the load, taking seven feet of wash- dirt. A party of Germans have been even more successful, having washed 12 oz from nine loads, amongst which was a nugget weighing 2 oz 18 dwt. Messrs C. Cowie and party obtained 15 dwt from the first load, 2 and 3 dwts from occasional dishes, and they are now washing stuff promising from 1 to 2 oz per load. The local journal says that the flat only requires energetic prospecting to prove highly remunerative, as nearly all the claims round Alderton’s are yielding good wages. Some activity is said to be exhibited on the Racecourse flat, Bendigo, a large number of claims being at full work either by horse, whim, or whip. At Huntly between twelve and four- teen mills are busily engaged crushing the cement, a conglomerate peculiar to the Epsom and Huntly flats, the yield from which is said to average over 1000 ounces per week. The East and West leads at Huntly cannot be further traced, in conse- quence of the great body of water that has to be contended with. It is, however, in contempla- tion to pass a compulsory drainage bye-law, so as to encourage the erection of machinery, by which means it is thought the ground may be drained and profitably worked. At Barkly, things remain much in the same condition as at the date of our last report. A large number of miners are still engaged upon the Deep Lead, but no new ground has been opened. Several of the reefs at Inglewood have lately been showing a decided improvement. The pros- pectors of Daly’s reef have struck some remark- ably good stone, at a depth of only thirty-five feet from the surface, which is expected to yield at least twelve ounces to the ton. The prospec- tors of Porter’s Hill reef have had a crushing, which yielded at the rate of two ounces and a half to the ton ; and thirteen tons crushed from the European reef, yielded close on 18 oz ; but by far the best return has been from the prospec- tor’s claim on the Athens reef, five tons from which yielded 119 oz 17 dwt ; and, besides this, a number of specimens were taken out which are estimated to contain at least 150 oz of gold. From Whroo, we learn that but little of im- portance has occurred during the last week. 10 tons of quartz from Dunn and Co.’s claim, on the Happy-go-Lucky, yielded 12½ oz of gold ; 12 tons of quartz and rubbish, from Pitman and Co.’s claim on Balaclava, yielded 3 oz 17 dwts of gold ; about 60 tons of quartz and rubbish, taken from a cutting, averaging 5 feet in width, in Lewis’s claim, on Balaclava, is payable, and the claim continues in work. The Whroo Pumping Company, on the Albert Reef, have just ac- cepted a contract for sinking their wet shaft,. 25 feet, for £110 ; the shaft is 4 f eet 6 x 8 feet 6 inches, and requires a timber division along- side the pumps—the company hoist the stone and water. Barrett and Co. have found the Albert vein, containing gold at the surface, in a claim next to Greene and Co.’s, and the vein is im- proving in Renison’s adjoining claim. In alluvial, everything is suffering for want of water, and the puddlers, in most places, are compelled to be idle. Sailors’ Flat, the Gravel Pits, Main Gully, Windlass Flat, and the Kil- more Road, continue the busiest places. The rush at the Warranga Plains is almost a failure ; gold is got in several places, but scarcely payable —the want of water is also a great drawback to fully prospecting the district. At Back Creek and Mount Greenock, mining matters appear to be in a very satisfactory con- dition. New discoveries nave been made in con- nection with the Mount Greenock Lead which still further establish its value to the district and its probable permanence. A new gutter has been struck near Grant and Co.’s prospecting claim from 7 to 10 feet in width, and containing washdirt estimated to yield from 3 to 4 oz to the load. This gutter takes a direct course for the Association shaft ; the ground between has con- sequently been taken up, and will be forthwith sunk upon. As gold in payable quantities was found in the Association shaft previous to its being abandoned, it is considered probable that this gutter extends to a considerable distance into the plain. The new discovery has imparted ad- ditional vigor to the workings which will prove most useful in opening up the ground, and ascer- taining what it really contains in the way of gold. Rowse and party have taken up an aban- doned block claim adjacent to the Mount Greenock Company, and intend entering a drive forthwith. They believe that they will find gold, as the lead through the Mount Greenock Com- pany’s claim extends in the direction of their shaft. One of the parties in the paddock close to the lead, washed thirty loads of dirt on Saturday, which yielded 20 oz of gold. The water in the Mount Greenock Co.’s claim has somewhat abated, but there is still too much to permit them to work the engine shaft. The rush in the vicinity of the Good Woman’s Hill is doing well. The average yield is about three dwt to the tub. At Rocky Flat also the claims are yielding very satisfactorily. A new rush has taken place near the Quartz Reef Hill, Mia Mia Flat. The prospect obtained was a 7 dwt nugget, and nearly 3 dwt of fine gold, from 27 tin buckets of washdirt. The sink- ing is very shallow. Last summer, the same prospecting party obtained about 10 dwt of gold in a large paddock sunk near the ground now taken up, but at that time could not obtain any more. About thirty claims have been taken up, and work is being vigorously proceeded with. There is a large area of new ground in the neigh- borhood ; but owing to the proverbially patchy nature of the Mia Mia, the miners are not over sanguine as to the result of the new discovery. A nugget weighing over 22 oz has been found at Cockatoo ; it was of a rather curious formation, and measured one foot in length, an inch and a half in width, and about a quarter of an inch in depth. ========================== Me. Washington Irving, nephew of the author of “ The Sketch Book,” has been appointed an Attaché of the United States Legation to Madrid. GAS AND WATER.—The consumption of gas now is at least double what it was ten years ago, and the annual quantity manufactured in London is about 8,000,000,000 cubic feet. One-fourth of this quantity, according to reliable estimates, is lost by leakage, condensation, dishonesty, and bad debts ; and at least one-half of this fourth, or 1,000,000,000 cubic feet, escapes every year into the London street earth. Mr Spencer, as analy- tical chemist to the New River Company, has traced this escaped gas in its destructive action upon the 4700 miles of the metropolitan gas and water mains, until underground London appears to be one vast grave of iron rotting into plum- bage. The twelve gas mains, with their eighty joints, which lie side by side with water mains and telegraphic-wire pipes over the sewers in Cockspur street, Charing Cross, are not such a happy family as their appearance would lead us to suppose. They are crowded together, like tramps in a threepenny bed, and there does not seem to be room for a rat to run between them ; but there is no real friendship, for all this shaking of hands. The defective joints of the gas- mains leads to the enormous leakage just described, and the escaped gas, by its action on the street-earth, destroys water-pipes in a few years, that ought to last for a century. Apart from the foul condition of the London street-earth, we are all interested in saving this escaped gas, and this destroyed pipeage—for our gas bills include the cost of the one, and our water bills the coat of the other. While the water-pipes are softened, and the gas penetrates the tubes, the water is also adulterated with an undrinkable mixture. I have heard of a letter addressed to a leading water company, which ran something in this form :—“ Mr Blank presents his compliments to the Blank Company, and wishes to know whether they supply gas or water? Mr Blank is led to make this inquiry, because one of his servants went to the cistern with a pitcher and a candle, and, instead of pro- curing water, she blew off the roof of a wash- house.”—All the Year Round. GOOD LUCK.—Not long ago, in a rural part of England, a little girl was in the habit of stealing barley from a rick. She and her companions per- sisted in following this pastime in spite of the re- monstrances and threats of the owner, and at last he lost patience, seized on her as the oldest of the offenders, and had her brought before the bench of magistrates. As it was proved that this was not a casual but an habitual offence, the bench thought fit to make an example of her, and ordered her to pay two shillings as a fine, besides the expenses. But law, even of the simplest kind, costs money, and the expenses were seventeen shillings. It was not certain that the friends of the little thief, would lay down a sovereign for her unless some gentle pressure was exercised, and it was, therefore, added to the sentence that, unless the fine and expenses were paid within a given time, she would go to prison for three weeks. This pro- duced the desired effect, and the money was found and paid. But the history was not to end there. One or two of the papers that watch the proceedings of magistrates with the utmost jealousy and suspicion got hold of the case. Here was a monstrous outrage on common sense, and a cruel tyranny of the rich over the poor. A little child sent to gaol for three weeks because the simple creature, in its play, pulled a little barley, valued at twopence, out of a rick. The writers of sensation articles exulted in so telling a theme, and, for once, they produced an effect much greater than usually falls to the lot of the Catos and Brutusses of journalism. The readers of the sensation article took it into their heads to sub- scribe for the injured innocent. The generosity of one was stimulated by the record of that of another. Subscriptions poured in, and in the end no less than thirty-five pounds were collected and handed over to the friends of the child. Such is the harvest that this lucky little girl has reaped from the fruitful soil of Bri- tish indignation. Few instances of good luck could be more surprising. She has been the talk, not only of her parish, but of all England. She must be famous herself, and it must be even a privilege to be connected with her. She will henceforth be pointed at in school and church as the celebrated Jane Smith, or whatever her name is, whose wrongs moved England to wrath, and set in mo- tion the pens of “ Publicola,” and “ Aristides,” and “ A Lover of Homely Justice.” And she will not only be the heroine of the parish, but also its heiress. If her thirty-five pounds are care- fully put out at interest, she will have at least fifty pounds by the time she is her own mistress. Fifty pounds in hard cash is, among the village poor, quite as great a fortune to have as fifty thousand pound is for a young lady. Then, if we contrast the greatness of the end with the smallness and ignoble character of the means and first starting point of her good fortune, we get at the true measure of her luck. She has suddenly become famous and rich, and this by simply stealing two-pennyworth of barley. None of the poets that have sung the fickleness and blindness of fortune had ever a more telling instance to furnish a theme for their verses.—SATURDAY REVIEW. GROWLER’S CREEK.—The reefing community here have been considerably agitated by the dis- covery of some very rich stone on the Hit or Miss claim, which good judges, at the lowest calcula- tion, are of opinion will yield 50 ounces to the ton. The width of the vein at present is about seven inches, and increases as it is opened up. It is matter of great satisfaction to the owners, as they have worked the claims for months past on little more than hope. The Home Reef is again improving, with every probability of yielding a handsome reward to the parties working it ; the same may be said of the White Star, stone from which is now going through the mill. The Pioneer still continues to pay well, averaging over two ounces to the ton, with plenty of stone. The William Tell party have started their new machine, and will commence crushing at once. Alluvial mining is being proceeded with steadily, the various parties expressing themselves quite satisfied with their prospects—indeed, some of them are even now contemplating a visit to the Great Exhibition.—OVENS CONSTITUTION, 11th February. PROGRESS OF MATERNAL LOVE.—It is said that the kind mothers down east are grown so affec- tionate that they give their children chloroform previous to whipping them. IT IS REPORTED THAT THE RUSSIANS have taken possession of the island of Isles Sinta, after a short engagement with the Japanese. This island is about thirty miles long, and fifteen miles wide, lying midway in the Straits of Corea, and forming the key of the Japan Sea. PREVENTION OIF SEA SICKNESS.—Let a person on shipboard, when the vessel is bounding over the waves, seat himself, and take hold of a tum- bler nearly filled with water or other liquid, and at the same time make an effort to prevent the liquid from running over by keeping the mouth of the glass horizontal, or nearly so. When doing this, from the motion of the vessel, his hand and arm will seem to be drawn into different positions, as if the glass were attracted by a powerful mag- net. Continuing his efforts to keep the mouth of the glass horizontal, let him allow his hand, arm, and body to go through the various movements— as those observed in sawing, planing, pumping, throwing a quoit, &c.;—which they will be im- pelled, without fatigue, almost irresistibly to per- form ; and he will find that this has the effect of preventing the giddiness and nausea that the rolling and tossing of the vessel have a tendency to produce in inexperienced voyagers.—ATHENOEUM. OPEN CONFESSION IS GOOD FORL THE SOUL.—A young man who was about being married pre- sented himself to the priest for confession. He appeared rather embarrassed, and did not seem to know how to enumerate his errors. “ Come,” said the father kindly, “ do you ever tell false- hoods ?” “ Father, I am not a lawyer,” proudly replied the young man. “ Did you ever steal ?” “ Father, I am not a merchant.” “ You have not committed murder ?” “ I am a doctor,” consci- entiously replied the penitent, casting down his eyes. AN OLD AND YOUND WARRIOR.—How old Benbow, in his grand laced cocked hat, deep- flapped white satin waistcoat, blue coat, gold epaulettes, knee-breeches and silver buckles, would be astonished, could he rise from the dead during a modern sea battle, and go on board, such a vessel as the Warrior as it moved into action. What ! No laying yard-arm to yard- arm, and opening a broadside till one or the other yield— no pouring in boarders through open port-holes, through smashed in poop-windows—no driving into the captain’s cabin with pistols, and cutlasses ? “ And what is that dreadful panting noise bo’sun, between decks ?” says the commodore’s ghost. “ That, an it please your honor, is the steam- engines putting on extra power for running down the French corvette a-head of us, the Currant- juice (the Courageux).” “ And that noise like unloading stones, bosun ?” “ That is the getting up coals from the bunkers for the forty furnaces.” “ And, good heavens ! where is the bowsprit gone to, bosun ?” “ Turned back on the hinge, your honor, so as not to stop us when we run down the enemy.” “ What a wonderful age ! And what is that enormous iron-pot on deck for ?” “ For riflemen, in case the enemy board us.” “ But why not put there in main tops, as they used to do in our time ?” “ The men don’t go up aloft now, your honor ; it’s all done with pulleys and tackle.” “ Do you ever have a mast shot away ?” “No, your honor, because they are all iron.” “ How many sixty-eights do you carry ?” “ Your honor is making game of an old sailor ; the 200-pounders are our chief guns to do heavy work with.” “ Good heavens !” says the vener- able ghost, fading away in sheer disgust, “ I don’t know what the world's coming to !”— DICKENS’ ALL THE YEAR ROUND. ANECDOTES OF BRINDLEY.— Some curious anecdotes have, however, been preserved of his appearance as a witness on Canal Bills before Parliament. When asked, on one occasion, to produce a drawing of an intended bridge, he replied that he had no plan if it on paper, but he would illustrate it by a model. He went out and bought a large cheese, which he brought into the room and cut into two equal parts, saying, “ Here is my model.” The two halves of the cheese represented the semicircular arches of his bridge ; and by laying over them, some long rectangular object he could thus readily commu- nicate to the committee the position of the river flowing underneath and the canal passing over it. On another occasion, when giving his evidence, he spoke so frequently about “ puddling,” de- scribing its uses and advantages, that some of the members expressed a desire to know what this extraordinary mixture was that could be applied to so many and important purposes. Preferring a practical illustration to a verbal description, Brindley caused a mass of clay to be brought into the committee room, and, moulding it in its raw untempered state into the form of a trough, he poured into it some water, which speedily ran through and dis- appeared. He then worked the clay up with water to imitate the process of puddling, and again forming it into a trough, filled it with water, which was now held in without a particle of leakage. “ Thus it is, ” said Brindley, “ that I form a water-tight trunk to carry water over rivers and valleys, wherever they cross the path of the canal.” On another occasion, when Brindley was giving evidence before a committee of the House of Peers as to the lockage of his proposed canal, one of their Lordships asked him, “ But what is a lock ?” on which the engineer took a piece of chalk from his pocket and proceeded to explain it by means of a diagram which he drew upon the floor, and made the matter clear at once.— LIVES OF THE ENGINEERS BY S. SMILES. A HARD CASE.—It is too bad that the trade of a whole district, and the daily avocations of a large section of the working classes should be hampered by the absurd regulations respecting pleuro- pneumonia, Bullock teams from the Mur- rumbidgee are shut out from access to Lambing Flat or the Lachlan, and thus traders in these parts who would send supplies to those diggings, are prevented from doing so. Owners of cattle are subjected to the same disability. There is nothing in the present state of the disease to warrant the placing of a tract of country as large as Scotland, in quarantine for an indefinite period. We hear very few complaints now of cattle dying from pleuro-pneumonia, and it is admitted on all hands that the remedy, if remedy it be, is worse than the disease.—FEDERAL STANDARD, 5th Feb- ruary. “ Did you ever see an elephant’s skin ?” asked the master of an infant school in a fast neighbor- hood. “ I have !” shouted a six year old at the foot of the class, “ Where ?” inquired old spec- tacles, amused by his earnestness. “ On the elephant,” was the reply. 