VARIETIES. Why are two t"s like hops ?-Be cause they make beer better. The captain of a, vesBel is not governed by his mule, but a married man generally is. The lady who caught cold by drink ing water from a damp table, io con valescing. Well behaved boys may be called youakers ; but rude and vulgar ones are nothing but young-cuis. In a place not a hundred miles from Dublin a young man ol the name of Cook seDt the following valentine to his sweetheart, who rejoiced in the nice name of Grozier 41 would I were a bishop : The reason you may gueis j For if a bishop I could be, A Grt.zier I'd possess. To which he received the following reply : ' I do not wish your plan success ; The reason you may see 5 For though a Grozier you'd possess. I but a Cook should be. Woman's rights--Man's wrongs. A "Warning to Austria-Hungary's epitaph--' Resurgrm-' Whenever I see a boy in buttons1 wheeling1 a perambulator, I admire to myself how compendiously his em ployers abridge their housekeeping account book by getting both nurse and footman into one page. A monarch is to be envied for nothing so much as the snpremacy of his power to do good Charles V. used to say ' that the clemency of a prince is like the heat ot the sun, which hardens dirt while it so'tens wax.' A stcut gentleman and his wife gazing at their children, a pair of twins, who were encircled in each other's arms in the cradle-Wife : Do look at them, husband ; ain't they a pair of precions lambs? Husbaod: If they are lambs, wife, what am I ? -' You had better ask for manners than money,' said a gentleman fiuely dressed to a beggar who asked lor alms. ' I asked for what I thougut you had the most of,' was the cutting reply. . STYLES OP CONSOLATION. A Man'-Weil, I'll tell you what you must do. A Woman's-Ah ! I told you how it would be. The man who would try to §tab a ghost would stick at nothing. Sugar of lead-rA sweet, pretty girl without brains. The Right Man in the Right Place -~A husband at home in the evening. What policeman, is never behind ? -3 4. ' We suppose that a man who never speaks may be said always to keep his Word. 'Under.lhe Ro^e.'-This phrase, im plying*, strict secrecy, is thus explained in the British Apulia, of March 10, p. 320 : - ' You must know, sir, the rose was an emblem of old, Whose leaves by their closeoess taught secrets to hold ; And 'twas thence it was planted o'er tables so oft As a warning, lest when a frankness men scoft At their near neighbour, their lord, their iat priest, or their nation, Some amongst them next day should betray conveisaiion. .Robert Palmer, the actor, was, in the e.%:iy part of his lite, a bil!-s icker, which circumstance was pretty gene rally known to the ^eriormeiS. One evening being dressed for Sir Brilliant Fashion, he stiutted into the gieen roem with sparkling buckles on his shoes and at his knees, and a brilliam ring on his fingar; one of the company inquired if they were teal. ' I wear nothing but diamond.-!,' replied Pal ner. (I Congratulate you,' said 'Joh a Ban nister, cfor I remember when you wore nothing but paste.' This occasioned a war, which was heightened by Mrs Jordan crying our, 'Stick him against the wail, Bob-stick him against the wall.' Oj* THE MARRIAGE OP MB JOY TO MISS I). BATKS : No more debates (D. Bate*). DjUsolvei in j vy The bride has found a home : With present bliss without alloy, : Ani other Joya 10 coaie. The word * Hurrah,' originated among the Oriental sa'tions as a war cry, from the belief that a man who died on the field of battle for his country went to heaven. It was derived Irom the Sclavonic word * Hurra}' which means ( To Paradise.* D'Alembert says that there are two things that can reach the summit of a pyramid, an eagle and a reptile j" so it appears that there are but two charac ters in this world that can gain the highest pinnacle of-notoriety, the good man and the villain, the saint and the devil ; one on the wings of genius and inspiration, the other by meanness and subtlety. 