ENGLISH EXTRACTS. A XEG5ST W3T 22 T2523 555*3 RUTS. (From the Saturday Review.) Mr. Riohard Doyle has yet a chapter on our English social habits to draw. Tho manners aud customs of the English aro not completo without a night with Hume or Foster. It is as much a part of the London season to spend a cheerful evening with ghosts, as to assist at the heavy dinner de rigueur, which is known as a meeting of creditors, or at the heavier dance or matinee dansantc twenty miles out of town in the first week in June. The evening with a fashionable ' medium' may be lively or dull ; but all things | aro complimentary of each other. When the I spiritual world is active and communicative— when triple tap succeeds triple tap smoothly and in order — when mysterious harpings, played by no earthly hand, sound through the enchanted air, and the archimage himself, self-poised in the darkened but obedient ether, floats over tliQ heads of a sympathising circle of devotees — there is a good deal to be said for a seancc while it lasts ; though on tho pillow the unpleasant thought sug gests itself of an egregious hoax. On tho other hand, when the whole thing has been a dismal taiiure, wneu uaguostro inraseii nas oeen all but abashed, v.'lien every tapping aud question has ended in the most ludicrous breakdown, then comes a happy reaction. If a successful night with the spirits, like all other riotous living, is succeeded by a morning of lassitude aud sus picion, the unextinguisbable laughter and the hour of triumph when the solemn mockery is oyer, and the discomfited medium has taken his departure, is well purchased by the two hours' bore which has gouo before it. So, whether it succeeds or fails— whether tho spirit world is communicative or suspicious — ir other words, whether the circle consists of willing dupes or S.ulducees, a seance is, as the phrase runs, a thing to do. Tho season is not complete and a whole without it ; and it is quite a moot poiut whether a break-down or a series of first-rate manifestations is the most amusing. Each is per fect in its way. Our experience is, however, one sided. The Spiritual Magazine of December an nounced the immediate coming of ' Mr Foster, an excellent medium — a 'very good test-medium.' Sir. Foster, on the authority of his American introducer, ' an author of high repute both in America and in England, and an eloquent preacher,' signing himself W. M., and writing from Boston, tells us that he sees spirits and knows ? them, and receives communications, not only by rappings on the table, but by his hand being guided to write. But the . peculiarity of Mr. Foster is, that 'names of persons come out in bright red color on his hands, arms, and fore head' — a case which W. M., eandidly enough, considers identical with that of the Tyroleso Ecstatica, or, he might have added, St. Francis's stigmata; W. M. went on to say that 'the manifestations of which Mr. Foster is the medium -will have great interest, and his presence in 'London will bo a good opportunity for persons who wish to investigate spiritualism.' Not that we are to ' expect from Mr. Foster a new revelation or system of any kind, but simply a few facts.' In due timo Mr. Foster arrived ; and a highly respectable person, after reading certain remarks of the Saturday Review on Spiritualism, assured us, under date of 4th January, that lie too, like ourselves, was a sort of sceptic on tho matter — a confession which certainly does not adequately exhibit the aspect of the Saturday Review towards Spiritualism hut that he, our correspondent, who gave his name and address, had called with three others on Mr. Foster, 14, Bryanstone-street, Portman Square, and was, as he says, ' perfectly as tonished.' Among other things, the medium on that occasion ' produced in two instances the names of deceased relatives written as it were in letters of blood on his arm.' Our friend (for he Avrote in a very sensible and straightforward way) did us the houor to say that lie should very much like to kno^the ' experience of one of our very able wj-tters,' as lie nicely put it, ' of a visit to Mr. poster.' A:\ d), let us,, supposo an evening with Mr. -Foetor^ wad^one^of^ur ' able writers, ' greBcn . y Lcl -tliM scene bo a bachelor's house in Mnyfair ; and let the circle consist of seven or eight quiet, hard-headed, and not very impressionable middle aged gentlemen, lawyers, aud fellows of learned societies and learned professions, thriving men of business, and tho like. The evening being de voted to business, tho gentle sex is rigidly ex cluded. The circle is composed, we may add, ot some who were entire strangers to each other Some were only slightly known to the host, who had charged himself with makiug an appointment with Mr. Foster. On one side, at least, the pre liminary correspondence was curious ; for, with all Mr. Foster's attainments in the spiritual world, his acquaintance with English grammar aud the art of letter-writing is nt present in a very rudimentary state. Mr. Foster was an | nounced by W. M. ns ' quite a young man.' He is so, of very lymphatic temperament, with a quick, curious, aud serpentine eye, a singularly unembarrassed nnd watchful manner, and a dawdling yet clipped intonation — like that of an American talking English ns lie might suppose a Frenchman likely to talk it; and so, when the courteous host tlint 'Hired the horned fiend for forty mnvnvcilis.' — -tbat is to say, two guineas — lie came to May fair, not like the Cid's devil, — ' Willi liornn for toes to terrify tlic Indies,' but smooth, subtle, and courteous, with u blazing diamond ring, aud hands and fingers of a delicacy and supple evenness of touch which would have done no discredit to Hmlin or Rrikel. As we have just observed, Mr. Forster was furnished with his very first credentials from high ' Spiritualists' in Amvrica; but now that he has come to London, a change has come over the es timation in which he is held by his patrons and friends. It may be that even in the spiritual world there is envy, hatred, aud malice, and that jealousy may penetrate the College of Augurs. The Spiritual Magazine at the same time recom mends and all but denounces him. In what literary America calls an ' editorial, '-it is darkly estimated in the Spiritual Magasitu of March, that ' we have received letters from Judge Ed monds containing such statements regarding Mr. Forster, that though we have reason to believe him to be a remarkable medium, we uust decline to print any more records of his mtdimnship;'' And we also find that Mr. Forster refused to give Mr. Allmau, of Camden-road, and Mr Jones, of Peckham, a sitting — an intimation wliica receives greater significance as we observe that ' books for review and communications for the spiritual Magazine are to be addressed to Mr. Ailman, of Camden-road.' So that we do not quite know how Mr. Forster stands with his brother spiritual ists. For the Spiritual Maqazine for February, save, ' We hear of the most startling manifesta tions in his presence. Some of the most sceptical of our scientific, men have seen strange sights aud surrendered at discretion,' aud Mr. Faster is widely extending the great truth among tie upper ] ten thousand.' Mr. Carter I Inll wo rn- t,iM has received Mr. Forster, and testifies to his first rate powers and entire trustworthiness. So does Mr. Howitt. Mr. E. L. Clanchard's testimony is doubtful. But then the Spiritual Magazine states distinctly in referenco to the visit paid by Mr. Lowe, editor of the Critic , to Mr. Forster, that his charge of £3 made by Mr. Forster ' was an imposition.' As to the Saturday Review , of course the Spiritual Magazine places us in a diffi culty. Writing in January, the Spiritual Maoa ziite recommends us to 'see Mr. Forster. at 13, Bryanston-street,' and then, when we have seen him, we shall alter our language. But in March poor Mr. Forster is no 'test' at all ; his au thority is not appealed to ; a ' wellknown cor respondent pronounces judgment unfavorable to the truthfulness of the phenomena, and speaks of what he saw as being of the same class as wooden nutmegs;' and, finally, 'Judge Edmonds sends such itatements regarding Mr. Forster' that the Spiritual Magazine will have nothing further to do with him, and especially intimates suspicions that the skin-writing might be produced by Tery natural causes. Mr. Forster, then, being in this uncertain state as regards his brother spiritualists, our opinion on him will perhaps be the less important. We quite agree with the Spiritual Magazine that he is a 'remarkable medium but whether for good „.,:i «nn,l Ar rnmnrL-olilv Ul cvu ? nnci.iii.1 6''' bad — we cannot pronounce. We certainly can not say that ho is an impostor, because through two mortal hours when we were in his society, there was nothing or next to nothing done. The solitary facts got by Mr. Forster from the spiritual world, out of about seventy or eighty guesses and direct and absurd failures, were the spelling out of 'tlio name of John Hill — the writing of the same name very badly backwards by the spirits when Mr. Forster's hand, pencil, and paper were under the table— and Mr. Forster displaying his arm with the word ' John' coarsely scribbled in red letters about three or four inches long upon his arm. By the way it was the word ' John,' and nothing else, 'which, as Mr. Leighton tells us in the Spiritual Magazine, that he also saw on Mr. Forster's arm. Further than' this we saw nothing except the dreariest mistakes. Several sealed envelopes with names inscribed were placed by the circle on the table. One alone was read by Mr. Forster, and it was that ? one which the writer had purposely placed in a thin envelope, and had intentionally made legible through the envelope. The spirit answering to this name was kind enough to nppear ; but it happened to be the name of a ficticious person, and thoiigh it tapped in 'answer to tho question ' Why did you leavu England ?' ' Because 1 Was discontented,' yet as the person and the fiidt wero alike ficticious, but little can bo made of this revelation of the spirit of a person who never existed. The pellets inscribed with the names of departed frieuds were manipulated, and about once in twenty times they came right, but beyond the name no other con verse with the spiritual world was vouchsafed. Further than this we have nothing to say of Mr. Foster. He rolled his eyes occasionally and t'friisted his mouth ; but we are bound to say that his extortions were not extravagant, nor the ecstacy of a prophet appalling. It was altogether aterribly dull affair. As Mr. — candidly admitted, everything was agaiust tho spirits. There was a frightful aggregate of oebere scepticism; One un forttinate member of tho circle was, very early in the seance, denounced as being utterly and pain full}' uninterested in (ho scanccj though for his many bins he happened to be that one who had read as much ol spiritual literature — Judge Ed munds, the Spiritual Telegraph t-aclier, .lacksou Oavis, Mr. Howitt, and tho Spiritual Magazine — as most moil in England. And 90 ends as begins our experiehco of Spirit ualism, and ' a remarkable medium.' We really did, by dint of perseverance, and iu the proportion of about ono rap out of twenty, got as far as the surprising results of the moro and single name of John I-Iill ; and in a selection of a doxen towns, on one occasion, the town of Singapore was, after a failure, gut — we will not say guessed — out of seven or eight other names ; and Mr. Foster told us that he saw a ' literary-looking ' spirit, who was not, however, so communicative as might have been wished. And, to be very ac curate, and as nearly as we can recollect, to say everything we saw all of a sudden Mr. Foster ex claiuied, ' I am going to have an intimation from t':e spirit on my arm.' And then he inn le some dreadfully ugly faces as if the spirit was punishing him tremendously ; and then, with a very dex terous sweeji of his right hand, he bared his left arm, on which he saw, much wondering of course the single word John, in slightly marked sprawl ing red characters, and in less than two minutes Mr. Foster du-w his sleeve over the word John. But how the said Word John was written we know not, and our only thought was that the name John was not an uncommon Christian name nor a very unlikely one to turn up at some mo ment or other in the course of two hours, dedi cated solely and Christianly to the lively and pro fitable task of spelling out dead people's names ; tor further than thia we never got. And it also occurred to us that the word John, which was the word Mr. Leighton saw, might possibly have been described by sympathetic ink before the seance commenced. Aud this is all we have to say. ?' Story, God bless you, I have none to tell, Sir.' We saw the single word John written in faint red letters on Mr. Foster's arm ; and it was rather like Mr. Foster's own writing, which is a singularly bad and ill- formed, as well as ill spelt MS. And we received from the spirit world the words John Ilill, written thus — llili uhoj ; aud, as we said, Mr. Foster handed the pencil and the paper to the spirit who performed this remarkable act of caligraphy, while Mr. Foster's own hand was also under tiie table. And to say tlie truth, this was rather dear at two guineas; and we are afraid that our excellent host got sadly laughed at for his loss of money. The cir cle certainly lost a good deal of time and some little temper: and it only did not go to sleep, be cause it was just as well to see the absurdity out. If any of our readers are disposed to test or verify these experiences, it is enough to say that probably just the tame results will attend just the tame mode of conducting seance. If people go to a medium ready aud desirous to be im pressed, and on the lookout and expectation for marvels most likely marvels will come. The dicipihir will attend the populus vult discipi. But as in this instance which we have narrated, if the inquirers will simply do nothing — not inter fere with the medium, nor perplex him, not ask questions, not start difficulties, not launch theories or investigate, but simply do nothiug — and if with all the dulness, stupidity, apathy, and insou ciance which on this occasion so evidently annoved aud baffled Mr. ? (we mean the spirits), they will only quietly open their eyes aud ears, and shut their mouths and see what the spirits will send tliem — why in that case, as in our own, there will moBt likely be nothing to tell. We must be distinctly understood as giving uo opinion what ever as to what happens under other circumstances at Mr. Forster's seances. We have only to speak of a single experience, and we have nothing to say about it. De nihilo, as well as e nihilo, nihil. Tho oracle, when we visited the tripod, was dumb. Such things we frankly own, have happened even at Dodoni or Delphi. Most likely other postulants may 1 e more lucky or more credulous, aud a certain amount of sympathy is, we can quite understand, necessary to raise the veil of Isis. ? We do not deny, that to others, more fortunate than our selves, ' the affirmative raps are only given when the right paper is touched.' In our case they were given when the wrong paper was touched, and the wrong letters on the card pointed nt. Far be it from us to deny that a hand — ' plainly a hand, about which hand their is no mistake, — rises above the mystic table. We only say that no hand was revealed to us ; nor was the offer of any such arcana made. Nor, again, do we say a single word against. Mr. Forster's good faith. As to the word ' imposture,' it is singu larly inapplicable as far as this single testimony goes. Imposture implies something imposing and somebody taken iu by it. ? Here there was no thing to impose. We record our own experience simply because, as the thing was fashionable, it may be somebody else's luck to draw a blank. A gentleman who writes in the Times, has evi dently had a prize. Some people have a rnn of luck. Mr. Forster has his harvest at present and no donbt the many guineas he got will be moro than doubled by the clever, but cautious ad vertisement which appeared in the The Times of 1 liursaay. Juet mm luuiiu uuj wuuu ntJ tcili ; plenty of other vultiirss will swoop down on the carcase of British credulity; Mr. Foster will not have it all his own way — or will not have it long. Not only is the Spiritual Magazine sulky, sus pieious, or envious, .but a worthier Yankee medium is on tho sea. Mr. Charles Colchester so favorably spoken of by Mr; Coleman in his American excursion, is expected by the middle of March ; and no doubt from the collision of pro phetSj tho outside world may yet learn some thiug; Extraordinary Story. — The Cornish Times announces the death of a very remarkable woman ut Liakeard. This woman was bom in 1814, and when about 16 years of age* the first appear ance of an extraordinary disorder developed itself; ' She was taken first with a weakness in her legs; The next phase of tho disorder made its appearance about the lipSj which became parched 3 a black thick coating forming on them, which at intervals would peel off in scales, and after a few years (his coating extended over and completely covered her face. For moro than 28 years she made Use of no animal food, and the only sustenance she partook of was a littlo fluid, or a currant biscuit, which would last her a fort night j and from Christmas^' 1860^ to November, lt'-Gl, she was nc-Ver known to take anything j whatever. Oil two or three occasions since then, she was persuaded to lake a little tea or colVee. but il was immediately ejectod from the stomach. A short, time before, her d«ath, a portion of the coating came aff her lips, and shortly after lier death tho whole mass fell off, the coating forming i a complete cast of the countenance. It weighed about half a pound and averaged about half an inch iu thickness. lier face was without a blemish, and presented a moat perfect appearance, but her body was reduced to a skeleton. She retained her faculties to the last, was perfectly contented but had no craving for food.' Sketch ov 1\oiu:kt Lowi:. — There are fbw more clever men now in the House than Mr Lowe, but it may bo doubted if there is ono out of the whole number who makes so little im pression on the House. Put a pen in his hand, and no one will turn out a neater, more cleVer, lively, and polished article ; set him to make the same statement, as we say, by word of mouth, and you have a long, rambling, confused State ment, delivered in a jerking, monotonous, rapid, and ineffective style, by a nervous, confused, dis concerted Minister. Nature, in fact, in the many gifts she bestowed upon our Educational Minister, sternly denied him the power of persuading men. Hia very appearance is against him. Though not an old man, his hair is milk wh'tc, and so are his eyebrows— the effect of constitution rather than of time ; his eyes aro also of the Albino type, nnd so weak that when he has occasion to read you would fancy that he was blind indeed, and had to read as the blind do by touch, only using his nose instead of his finger; These are defects of nature, the impressions of which he has never thought of counteracting by art. He lias no style at all. There is no modulation in his roice, no emphasis iu his words,- no swing or roll iu his sentences ; he has been compared, and it is hardly an exaggeration, to the quick, harsh, noisy clatter of the pendulum of an alarm clock, which, when set in motion, runs and clatters on in one shrill, unabating sound to the end. With man ners so unprepossessing, he had also the habit of saying things needlessly offensive to his opponents, but he has to some extent been cured of that ; and the speech ot i htirsilay, while lirm enough in its own position, was yet courteous and con ciliatory to the Opposition. Bin to that extent there was less of piquancy in the address ; and, taking all these circumstances together, it was not wonderful that, of the many who were present at the commencement of his address, a large pro portion had vacated their seats before he came to an end. — Freeman. Lord Castlkue.vgii. — A faithful and affectio nate husband, he bore with unvarying temper several little caprices of Lad)' Castlereagh, who was an uncommonly handsome woman, much fol lowed at the very head of fashion, and perhaps a littled spoiled with the admiration she met with He had not a trace of jealously in his composition and surprised the Parisians not a little, when at l'aris iu 1S15, by walking out arm in arm with her in the morning, without either carriage or j attendants. On one occasion his indulgence to her whims had nearly cost him his life. Lady Castlereagh had a passion for large mastiffs, and two or three of these formidable inmates were generally in the house. Two of tliem having engaged in a furious combat, Lord Castlereagh rushed between them, seized one by each collar, and by great exertion of strength tore them asun der ; but in doing so his arms and hands were severely bitten, and he suffered long and great pain from these wounds. In his latter years he suf fered much hereditary gout, notwithstanding his abstemious habits ; but the pain he underwent often so productive of ill-humour even in the best tompers, never occasioned irritability, in liini. In his will he left a legacy to every one of his domestics, down to the lowest helper, in the sta bles — a last act in perfect harmony with the uni form sweetness end benevolence of his disposition. His conduct to all public persons with whom he was connected was marked by the same unselfish feelings and kind forethought. He acted himself ou the principle — which he uniformly inculated on others — that the head of any office was bound to sustain and protect those under him, when their conduct was not obviiously indefensible, and un dertake all responsibility where there was doubt upon tlio matter. bo lar inueeu did ho carry this. that during the latter years of the war, when the currency was depreciated below gold by its excessive issue, he eepeatedly remonstrated with the Treasury upon the hardships thereby sustained by our consuls, and other representatives abroad, who were paid in English notes at par. He was constantly met by the objection, however, that no relief could be given, because that would be an admission of the depreciation of the Bank of England notes. In consequence, he desisted, but made up the differ ence to the severest sufferers from his own re sources, which were far from considerable; and was as much affected asjtheirs by the change. His hereditary fortune was by no means large, the estate of the family; though^ extensive, being burdened with debt ; and it required moro than his official salary to meet the heavy expenses to which; as Foreign Secretary, ho was necesarily put to.- Unlike many other great statesmen, however; he was not unmindful of his private affairs; He had no personal expenses, except the considerable suras ho devoted to charity; ; his house was well reguiuied ; aud his establishment though very handsome, was not beyond what his' income could bear. He had a strong feeling of pride, however in upholding the dignity of his office in tho eyes of foreigi diplomatists, and his entertainments to them wero on a scale of un common magnificence to which the splendid Dres den and Sevres china, presented to him by foreign sovereigns; according to established usage on the conclusion of tho treaties of Paris and Vienna, not a littlo contributed. — Lives of Lord Castlereagh, and Sir Charles Stewart. By Sir Archibald Alison, Bart. Fall of Fisii from the Clouds. — As to the actual fall of fish from passing clouds, the evidence is such as to leavo no doitbt of tho fact. Well attested instances are numerous. Tho late D. Buist of Bombay, mado a collection af those that came within his observation. For instance, at Mernt, in 1824, fishes fell on the men of the 14th regiment when ut drill, mid were taken up in numbers. On the 19th of February, 1830, at Huon a heavy fall of fisb occurred at the Nokul hntty factory, in tho Dtwcah zill&h; they wow nU dead ; most of them wero largo ; somo werofrc3li others were rottoit 'and inutthitcd. On tho 16th and 1 7' tli of May 1833*''iifall of frsh occurred'iht the zillah' of Fiiteehpoor, about three milas north of the Jumna,' after a violent storm of wind ami. rain. The fish wai from a pound aud -a half to ? thrco pounds in weight, aud of thu same speices as those found in tho tank }n tho neighbourhood. They were all doi:d and dry. On the 20th of September,. 1S33, after a smart shower of rain, a number of live fish, about thrco inches in length, nnd all of the same kind, fell at the Sunderbunds about twenty miles south of Calcutta On this occasion it was remarked that the tkh did not fall here and there irregularly over the ground, but in a continous straight line, not more than a span in breadth. — St James's Magazine. '1'in: New Tei-egraitc Sysii.ii. — The London correspondent of the Bury Press savs : — 'A system of telegraphing handwriting bos been sub mitted to the Euiperor Napoleon, which system is said to be new. It is, however, hot new, and, nt most, must be a modification of a previously invented system. The system transmits writing, and a few lines of poetiy written in Leghorn wore reproduced, iu the same handwriting, at Florence. A bill of exchnnge was also drawn, and its authenticity admitted. Certainly this is u mar vellous invention. Garibaldi is pesterod by ladies all 07er the world for his autograph. Why, with this pantograph, as it is called, he could transmit any number of autographs almost anywhere. If wo had an Atlantic cable at each end, Mr. Dickens could telegraph his MS. to the New York Herald, provided bo chose to contribute to such a violent print. We live in strange times, and if this invention be put into practice, we could nb.diah powers of attorneys ; two gentlemen, with necessary wit nesses, in London, could witness a wili signed in Edinburgh or Constantinople — in fact, Uieris is no saying to what pitch this writing by telegraph might be carried. I may mention here that a scheme is on foot for having telegraphic wires di rectly communicating between the Houses of Lords and Commons, and the daily newspaper offices in tho metropolis. At present tho tele graphic system of communication iu London is a failure, the messages occupying, on an average, bo much time, that the cojipany that was formed to carry out the communication is carried on at a loss.' 