THE LITTLE YEARS. THESE Tears! these years!—these naughty years, Once they were pretty things: Their fairy foot-falls met our ears, Our eyes their glancing wings. They flitted by our schoolboy wav; We chased the little imps at ptay. We knew them soon, for tricksy elves; They brought the college gown ; With thoughtful books filled our shelves, Darkened our lips with down : Played with our throat, and lo! the tone Of manhood had become our own. They smiling stretched oar.childish size; Their soft llsnds trimmed our hair ; 'Cast the deep thought within our c\ea And left it glowing there: Sang songs of hope in college halls, Bright fancied drew upon the walls. They flashed upon us lore's bright gem ; They showed us gleams of fame; Stout-hearted work we learned from them, And honor more than name: And so they came and went away, We said not go: we said not slay. But one sweet day, when quiet skies And still leaves brought me thought, When hazy hills drew forth my eyes, And woods with deep shade fraught, That day I carelessly found out What work these elves had been about. Alas! those little rogues, the years, Had fooled me many a day : Plucked half the locks above my ears, And tinged the rest all grey. They left me wrinkles, great and small— I fear that they have tricked us all. Miss Prim never sits under any pastor who dares to talk to her about the naked truth. -The man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. Woman has found her true "sphere" at last; it is about twenty-seven feet ronnd, made of hoops. Why is a comet more like a dog than the dog-star ?—Because the comet has got a tail, and the dog-star hasn't. A baa: to hold money is a purse; but the officer in charge of the provisions on board a man-of-war is a purser. A greengrocer haviDg unexpectedly come into property, sends for a tailor to come and measure him for a coat-of-arms. An architect proposes to build a Bachelor's Hall, which will differ from most houses in having no Eees. A young lady wishes to engage a master for a pair of black pupils—the pupils of her own eyes—who can teach them the art of love. A desperate fellow has been tried and convicted for having killed a man with an axe. Another, who procured the axe for the murderer, is also now on trial. The latter was an accessory. A traveller was tempted to go into a cookshop by this inscription, " Roast and boiled at fourpence per head."' He was not a little disappointed by two courses of potatoes! One of the latest inventions we have seen is an iron-shod boot. This may be a great improvement, for aught we know, but it don't 6eem quite right to put men on the same footing with horses. A proposal was made by a fastidious fop, to a country gentleman of the Squire Western school, who supped his soup with noises familiar to those who have blown soap-bubbles. " Sir," said he, " if jou will take the soup, I shall be happy to make the noise for you." An American physician announces that he has changed his residence to the neighborhood of the churchyard, which he hopes may prove a convenience to his numerous patients. A Western editor, in answer to a complaint of a patron that he did not give news enough, advised him when news was scarce, to read the Bible, which, he had no doubt, would be news to him. Elder Snow, delivering an address to The Latter-day Saints at Utah, said, " Brethren, I have two wives—and whose business is that V It would be the business of a policeman if he lived in England. " I was de most bobular Governor that New York ever had," said that amiable old Dutchman, Governor Yates. " How was that ?" asked his friend. " Why I came in unanimously, and den I went out unanimously; was not dat de bobularity ?" In a pool across the road in the county of Tipperary, Ireland, is stuck up a pole, having affixed to it a board with the following inscription :—" Take notice, that when the water is over this board the road is impassable." A German writer, Berne, compares the different stages in the lives of women to milk, butter, and cheese. " A girl," he says, " is like milk, a woman like butter, and an old woman like cheese—all three maybe excellent in their kind." " Well, Mr. Robinson, and how does your son get on with his violin f " Astonishingly there were fourteen of us playing together, .last sight, and he . took the lead." "Capital—admirable!" "Yes, and he kept, it so well, sir, that none of us could catch him!". Gilbert Stewart, the celebrated portrait painter, once upon a time met a lady in the street iniBoston, who hailed Kim with—" Ah! Mr. Stewart, I have just seen your likeness and khised it, because ,it was so much like you." " And did it kiss you in return." " Why, no." " Then/' said Stewart, " it was not life inn." When Abernethy was canvassing for the' office of snt^eon -to St Bartholomew's Hospital, he Called upon a rich grocer. The great man,, addressing him, said, " I suppose, sir, yon want my vote and interest at this momentous' epoch of your life?" "No, I don't," Baid Abernethy, " I want a pennyworth of figs; come, look sharp and wrap 3hem up. I want to be off!" To draw for money on those not indebted -to you is playing a dishonest game of drafts; to leave your card as a substitute for visits is playing a dishonest game of cards. A lady, who hid a silk gown spoilt in being re-colored, brought an action against the establishment, and summoned several of the workmen to give their " dying" testimony. A farmer was asked why he did not take in a newspaper. "Because," said he, "my father, when he died, left me a good many newspapers, and I have not read them all through yet." " I cannot bear children," said Miss Prim, disdainfully. Mrs. Partington looked at her over her spectacles mildly before she replied— '' Perhaps if jou could you would like them '' How well he plays for one BO young," *aid Mrs. Partington, as the organ boy and liis monkey performed near her door, "and how much his little brother looks like him, to lie sure F . Moore was not less a wit than a man of ^sentiment A beautiful woman, who wore on terjbreast.» miniature likeness of her ngly *—itm&d;^asked him, "whom he thoaght he likef I think," said the poet, "it is 1 Jfce Saracens Hpad on Snow HUL" 