COMMISSION OF ENQUIRY ON MINING AFFAIRS. Tho following proclamation is published in |last Tuesday's Gazette : — Victoria, by the Grace of God, of tho United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, De fender of the Faith : , To onr trusty and well-beloved the honorable .Tnlin 'Rnecnn T-lnmrtrfiv A I P l?pw1flrlf»V AT T!oV. F.G.S.L., aud Professor of Natural Science in the University of Melbourne ; and Crawford Mqllison, Warden of tho gold-field at Sandhurst, in our'colony of Victoria, Esq.; greeting : Whereas the Governor of our oOlouy of Victoria, with the advice of the Executive Council" thereof, has deemed it expedient that a Commission should forthwith issue to enquire into and report upon, firstly, the character and approximate extent of our mineral resources ; secondly, the best mode of de veloping the same; thirdly, mining jurisprudence generally, with a view to the amendment and con solidation of the mining laws and leasing regula tions. (a) The propriety of selling auriferous lands within certain defined areas, also the proper condi tions for mining on private property. (6) The clas sification and codification of Mining Board Bye- laws. (c) The best mode of defining the rights and privileges of the ; miners, and to the desira bility of "granting generally larger areas for mining and residence purposes with a better tenure than is provided, under the existing bye-laws, (d) and also defining the powers and duties of the wardens, mining surveyors, and registrars ; fourthly, the ne cessity for and tho proper organization of a distinct mining department in the Government under the charge of a responsible Minister ; fifthly, the desirability and practicability of establishing a school of mines in connection with the mining museum ; sixthly, to enquire generally into tho present condi tion and prospects of die mining interests of Victoria: Now know" ye, that we, reposing great trust and confidence in your knowledge and ability, have au thorised and appointed, and by these presents do authorise and appoiut you, John Basson Humffray, Frederick; M'Coy, ana Crawford Mollison, to be Commissioners for the purpose aforesaid. And for the better effecting the purpose of . this Commission we do give and grant you power and authority to call before you . such persons as you shall judge likely to afford yoti any information upon the sub ject of this Commission; and to enquire of aud con cerning the premises by all other lawful means and ways whatsoever : and this .Commission shall con tinue in full force and virtue, and you, tho said Com missioners, may from time to time, aud at any place or places, proceed in the execution thereof, and of every matter and thing therein contained, although the enquiry, be not regularly, continued from time to time by adjournment : and lastly, that you do, with as little delay as possible, report to us, under your hands and seals, your opinion resulting from tlie, said enquiry of the matter and things set forth in this our Commission! In testimony whereof we havo caused these our letters to be made patent, and the seal of our said colony, to. be hereunto affixed. Witness our trusty and well-beloved Sir Henry Barkly, Knight Commander of the Most Honorable Order of the Bath, Captain-General and Governor, in-Chief of our colony .of Victoria; and Vice-Admi- ral of the same, at Melbourne, this eighth day of July, ono thousand eight hundred ana sixty- two, and in the twentv-sixth vear of our reiim. l (l.r.) Henry Barkly. By His Excellency's command, ; . ; JoiiN O'Siianassy. ' The' Goldfif.lds Commission, says the Age, looks as if it- would he a break- down at the very outset; Mr Loader, with something like an instinctive fore casting of its future fate, lias resigned, and the doubtful honor has been conferred upon Professor M'Cby.: Tn other words, blank ignorance has been replaced at this hopeful Board of Inquiry by preten sions and fallacious .thcoiy, which is worse than ig norance. . Of all the persons who have at any timo published opinions upon mining matters iu Victoria, Professor M'Coy has been the one who has shown the greatest amount of impracticability. Whether! upon ordinary . matters - of eveiy day concern, upon which any , fossickcr even could speak with expe- rienco and Bense, or whether upon matters of specu lative scientific inquiry - such for instance, as the discovery of auriferous quartz at low depths— the Professor has ever betrayed the most lamentable spirit of misconception, joined with the most unhe sitating advocacy of bis cherished blunders. This is the new Commissioner who replaces Mr Loader in fossicking out a goldfields' policy for tho " Ministry of " all the talents." It is plain tliat the commis sion will "cave in" long before it has got half through its assigned task. A Lunaito in Church.— The following novel occurrence is reported in the Argus : — During even song at St. Peter's Church, on Sunday, a middle- aged" woman, -with a rather wild and haggard look, entered tho church and occupied a seat in one of the pews near, the centra of . the building. Her -.strange appearance, and evident disregard of the solemnity of the place) wore notified by persons sit- : ting near her, but her conduct did not call for any \- special interference until -the singing of tho Aimc i Dhnlfliit. when alio Iigpaiiig frvGflfclv pvciif.prl. fcnrnprl ; round towards tlio clioir, waved her hands, and cx- olnimed in a loud voice, " God bless Jesus and Mary and send the Holy Ghost to comfort tho Queen.- ; The poor -woman , continued to - make some incohe- ' rent remarks, and her behaviour attracted the at tention of a lnrge portion of the congregation. . The attention of the verger being directed to tho distiir-. bance, ho promptly removed the unfortunate crea ture from the church, without causing any interrup tion to the progress of the service. Tiie New Zealand Diggings.— " Mr. M'Cul- loch, formerly "sbrgeaiit in the Rifle Rangers," says the Ballarat Star of Tuesday, "has returned to Ballarat from New Zealand. He states that there were 280 returned Victorians, in the same sliip as that in which ho came, and that there wero about four feet of snow on the ground at the time of his departure." Mr Service.— Wo nro glad to perceive tliat Mr Service lias resisted the blandishments of those of his constituents who wished him to retain his scat for llixion nnd Hauipden during his absence iu Eu rope. Ho has decided to resign before leaving. The only candidate yot named for the vacancy is Mr Clarke jiuir., son of Mr W. J. T. Clarke, but from various sources wo gather that there will bo a con- test, - -Geelong Advertiser, 