A short time since in an article devoted to- a review of the educational reports presented to Parliament by the Denominational and National Boards^ we took occasion to mate some remarks iu connection with the ba.ancd in hands, as shown by the report, of the Denominational Board. We there stated that after every allowance made oil account of claims for services rendered during the year 1861, the board had to its credit a sura of £3098 8s. 51. and we remarked that it would have been belter to have increased the salaries of competent teachers, and then to have applied to government for an increase of the grant, than to have appealed to Parliament with such a large ? ^ surplus unexpended. It seems that, we were in error in our statement, as our attention has been drawn 'to the fact that in reality the Board had appropriated more funds than it had at its disposal, and that with reference to the Catholic portion, the Board had ac tually granted £200 in excess of its share* On referring to the report it is certainly beyond our comprehension to find out that such is the case, however, as we are informed tnat such is tne case, we win endeavour to set things in their true colour. On the 31st of December, 1861, there was a balance, as we stated in a former article, of £5580 14s. Us., from which sums amounting to £2490 6s. 6d. had to be paid on account of services rendered in 1861, leaving a sum of £3098 8?. 5d. unexpended, on the 31st March, 1862\. Although that amount was to the credit of the Board on the above date, it could not be touched as it was all condi tionally promised, under the following cir cumstances : — £563 was for allowances to- female teachers in Presbyterian schools, £592 lls. was appropriated to various schools as salaries, but not claimed, £424 Was set apart for the purshase of school books, &c;, &a.; : £305 6s. 3d; was for building purposes ; and the balance £1215 lls. 9d. ; which arose from temporary closing of schools, saying of portion of t^e salary set apart for a Church of England Inspector, and other 'causes, would, however^ shortl^'te expended for the benefit of the school*. There were also Yftriooi* wbere;.pi;qmise& had been made^on.jthe. Dart ? of t^e local patrons to provide certain sums 4^' be1 supplemented by the Board, and jrlkich were K^eM^'S*1*^^^^ tttoraent wnen tHe'mndsrhad been collected. '?'til reality;' therefqfe; ;$e!ibaa$ ; had, ,not,;a tgle shilling on the 31st of December iiih they coulil have dcvotecl - towards the increasing of : the salaries ? &P; deseYvfog teachers. -We are glad to ' be ,:able , to^make %MB.'.'. explanation;,, as it; certainly seeniea grange that an inqrease of the ' grant was asked for when there '?, was ; & balance uttex gfnded from the-^ote '[ of l^Gl:;^,. above 168000, on- the -3lsfc !March : of i'tHe' present yetrtl JThere are s^verai ajpjplicatibhs^ for ^ontryrschobls^ and for Tncr^ase of Salaries to competent teachers, which latter ought certatn'ly^e1 ?attended1 ! to, but Which it^s'i^ossibf^to/cbraply with, owing to ?the1 want 'of' funds. The addition to the gran;t,which:the- board requested the Govern ment to place on the estimates has not been * complied 'withy 'do we fear that;:the same drawback will exist to the extension of our sptroojs daringit^!B,next,yeari,( Perhaps the Government anticipate the passing: of their 'JEMbatibn Bill, in which we hope- they will JaOisVppQinted. But unless some general \--Opposition, is, brought xobear^ the, papers that be will 'naturally conclude that the Catholic ,bpdy;-is, not averse to- the passing ofvihoiBill, and our silence: willibe .made- a tool in^the hands of our ;infidel legislators. ' !tneyCath61ics have a duty to perform which je;trust they will not neglect, and this duty ? mast be done at once, pr it, will be- too late. '?^j^see 'ijiVa daily; contemporary ^aii a dyer- ?iisemfcnt announcing a, 'jubilant oration, on 4ne downfall of the Papacy' to have taken vplacalast'evening at the Temperance- Hall. ltvappears that some enthusiast; has reijeiveid * later news than the telegrams and, the. Mail have brought ourselves : as we feel a great TOteresfin rtKat;~ to 'tis, venerable institution, 'we'sabulil feel happy in .; haviugVthe infor tnationr-thas received. Our accounts inform *-us that Garibaldi, the hero; of the red shirt, jeas lying, wounded in' a Sardinian, or, as, we ?* should now call it, an Italian, prison :;; taken prisoner, not by Papal or Bourbon banditti'^ ^fihe. Galantuomo. Our accounts likewise state that the Holy Father was still on the chair of Peter, and that Rome, though well worked by Mazzinists and foreign Socialist -agents, was more quiet than other parts of the Peninsula, although those parts were enjoying the beneficent rule of Victor Em manuel. The Record— & journal ' scarcely ; knbwn but by its frequent absurdities ex posed in the columns of Punch has often prophesied the 'downfall of the Papacy;' and it appears that its predictions have come true at last : how, when, and where the jubilant lecturer does not inform us.' Of 'course,. every one knows that few newspaper 'accounts are reliable: we must, therefore, be, thankful that there is a shining light amongst ua that will soon illumine our darkness. The mind loses itself in conjec tures on what may be really the state of affairs in Italy: perhaps the red shirt is flaming on the walls of San Angelo ; per haps the lifeless body of ' the last of the Popes' is hanging in the Vatican—a grateful offering to the Goddess of Reason. Mazzini may be offering holocausts and hecatpmbs of Cardinals and Abbes to the same glorious and mild deity ; for who so fit to be High Priest as he? while Lord 'Minto, Sir Robert Peel, Spooner,'&c;, are -flinging paens of delighted thanksgiving. . One can even fancy a jubilant throng of the ghosts' of the Atheists; Voltaire, Robespierre, Marat, Carnot, Cromwell, &c.;, flitting de lightedly through the aisles of St. Peter's— turned, of course, by general acclamation, into the Temple of the Goddess Reason. Of course, many such jubilant scenes as that whiqh the Republicans of '93 played in the Chapel of the Convent of Carmelites in parns are being daily enacted— that especially joyous ' occasion, so vividly ' de scribed, by Lamartine, when the blood of three hundred clergyman stained the floor of ^the little Chapel— stains tlmt reiriniu there ^et, indelible marks of the toleration prac 'tiged by the followers of such glorious Vchanipions of human liberty as have been ?lately crying their watch- word, 'Rome, /©r death,' which watch-word we can easily ,^in^€|rstahd as ' Rome and death,' death to tmiuisters of religion, death to the Popej ^eath ip Qatholicity. Happily the foolish en 'y tbusiast who has so many admirers amongst ♦those oppostd to Catholicity failed, signally '{failed in'deaigoi. iadef^niiible on any principi* hnm«p^.^r^divj|ne*^ ^?^Mrr® ? '^PP1!?;; Tailed, for we think t]Satitl)e temporal power of the Pope is necessafy though not essential to.tjie i jD^aintenance pf^i^ dignity and indepeii^ancei ;aSv;the fteaclr;pi the, only true Church ; -oif a^the^head (considering.it as the -Protestant tL historian Macau ly) ? of ' the. Greatest Insti.tutio.n., the world ' ever saw.l' ,Ita)yj. it is pai^, cjamorpus for her capital Rome, Italy has ia right to and must have Rome-. ] It 'has beeh:often shown that Italy never formed! a .,u,nited,'Mngdbm such as Victor Emmanuerdesired to :have; under his ;.:away;i.: .According to Lloyds .Weehlyi I organ,, ' Rome is/'th'e^hffaTt i^PTtaly' ,By j geographical position^ 'ii mity: beJ said to^be, so, but,in np.o^her^wisfehas it ever, Deen/the i heart,; except when under the Papal Rule it I gave vigour and ; strength to the- Catholic j world. We would sdggest to those who I desire a kingdom of Italy, one and united that it should, become so under that ^govern ment that has withstood the attacks of time., and its numerous enemies fora longer period than any dynastys in Europe. Seriously, has Victor Emmanuel: more right to claim Romei and to wrest from the : Pope his temporal authority, than the Pope has to claim . the whole of Italy as ', haying ai one time, more or less under the sway of Rome.* Clearly, none whatever. But in this matter, rigbts are thrown on one side, and the obtaining of ' Rpnie is regarded as ,a matter of convenience and strength to the government j of Victor Emmanuel, as a convenient point for the centralization of power. Were it not that in affairs of such grave and solemn import the mind is too seriously affected, there would be matter for much, laughter in the rabid declamations and de- nunciations of the English press,, that press that teemed with laudations, on the freedom of the British soil, on the inalienable right to give asylum to exiles of every country, even when those exiles, as in '58, were con- spiring for the assassination of a political opponent, that press that would on no ac- count deliver up to justice the companions and fellow conspirators of the assassin Orsini, denounces the Pope for giving asylum to the exiled. King of Naples. It may be, that as- sassins and socialist conspirators are better than an exiled King, especially when that King is a Catholic, it may be that England alone has the right of affording refuge to political exiles of every description, to de throned Kings and thwarted revolutionists ; if so we can but blame the Pope for; attempt- ing to exercise such a generous hospitality as he shows to the young and brave King: and Qaeen of Naples; but we cannot see! why that glorious right should alone belong to England, though we can see the glaring, inconsistency of accusing, in '62, the Holy Father of ' the very same acts which redounded to our honour in '53. Many of our readers will recollect, that the Govern ment of Lord Palmerston was then thrown out for its real or supposed French sympa thies ; they 'will also recollect the ovations given to the counsel, the immaculate Edwin James, and the jury who tried Simon Bar nard, one of the fellow -conspirators of Orsini. All this was effected to maintain inviolate the right of asylum; yet that right the same people refuse to recognise as belonging to the Pope. Generous people ! Consistent Press ! When Napoleon, at the sacrifice of many lives and the loss of much treasure, had succeeded in giving to Victor Emmanuel the Northern Provinces of Italy, there could be no term of praise too great for him. The tide of public opinion is now against him ; for he refuses to remove his soldiers from Rome ; he refuses to deliver up, bound hand and foot, the Holy Father to the tender mercies of Italian Revolutionists. No term is too vile for him; and England, that during that fearful and destructive war re mained a calm spectator of the tremendous conflict, now presumes to dictate terms to him who risked his own life and freely sacrificed the blood and treasure of his country. Ia it to be supposed that such dictation will be accepted ?—that the con queror of Magenta and Solferino will yield to such dictation ? No one can suppose it for a moment. There can be no doubt in the mind of any unprejudiced looker-on that the Pope is as firmly seated on his throne now as he was since the first battle fought by French and Italian soldiers for the ex pulsion of -the Austrians. We know not vvhat events the future reserves ; but this we know— that however sorely and, grievously tried, the Church cannot fall: and thus in wijaUrcr titttation^Piuff IXf may ;Jbe,» placed, ; ^^^w^^^BS^^BS ^firmness ',] in 'J,inj^ip|^|mii'g^~tTB. 'tfigniT^ ;and~ I'inviplaDiljty of ^.^ ' €? |i air ^ ojf *St.j, .Ifeter ..JjpajE j haSi'airead.yi wAnifpr-.him.thQ ^respect, j| npt the; admiration^of/ Europe.; . jt may; f;sebm rigbti to-an all-iwise Piro.vidence thatwhisf Church should be) trie,d for a time?; Ithatt the visible head on earth should- for a- time be deprived' of his tdmporal possessions! 'but persecutions have .never' yet' harmed the Church j; npr ^have I't^e.'. terrible (anathemas ;pf Lusher andv/ so, .many .of, , his |olj[p.wera eyei; suppressed ? the Papacy,, which ,,-is( endowefi with the same vitality now1 as when the first of the Apostles ; handed^ his power to his successor.' '/ '? ? ' ? ' ? ?'''',/'- \ ,':' ' ' ' ; We would suggest to W. Marks, 'the jii-j bilant, not tp say jolly orator, jthat such dis play s ; as,v that of . lasjb night Y are |not , only' indecfent, but furthermore that they/ tend to create i an ill feeling amongst 'those, members of different denominations that have hither to lived peacefully 'together, and ;asj the j ubilant orator delights in scriptural quota-; tipns, ^e.8h:ajii(.giye hini this one for. his cohsideration, , although, as, GatliQlic8i; we have , top much,, respect for . ther sacred volume to use, it: as : a cudgel in every argu ment :j—' Love: - one another.' We beg also to ask' this, jubilant person, whether such an Oration (bless the mark) as that of last night is 'calculated to fulfil ! the precept given, in those few words. Perhaps W. Marts wpuld like to commence here .the spe'nes enacted by Baron de jCanou^ (query, de Gammon) at home, at Wakefield and other places in England, jwljer.e the mob excited by him,' almost destroyed the Catholic Convent and Church; and would probably have completely done so, had not some Irish reapers come to tliei rescue, and drpve the howling dogs to their filthy kennels ; such a disgraceful drunken mob . could scarcely be found here, nor could W.: Marks galvanize it into such activity; but we protest against any attempts to stir up such feelings of animosity, as these insults tp our Church are sure to create. During the pretty long, and we hope not useless, career of the Freeman!? Journal, we defy any one to show where we have inserted a deliberate insult to our Protestant neighbours, or to Protestantism at large. We have uniformly essayed to be moderate and temperate in langoage, to cultivate 'by every means in our . power feelings of peace and goodwill between all. As we are convinced that such a course alone is in accordance with the we are convinced that such a course alone will produce good effects, and conduce to the general benefits of all, we deprecate any attempts -to— break through the peaceful barriers that now exist. We deprecate insults to any denomination', from what soever qnarter they come. We are sorry that such a course is not pursued by all our contemporaries, we have had occasion already to notice the onesidednes of the Herald, especially in all Irish matters, but our course lays open to us, and though others may deviate from it, we shall not. At the same time, let no one think that such attacks as that by the De Camm mob would, meet with equal success here ; W. Marks may draamof such a jubilant termi nation to bis oration, but we may infrom him that it will take place but at the Greek Calends or the Downfall. of the Papacy. We have drawn W. Marks from his ob scurity, not from any merit in him, but tl»at we might mark his jubilant oration as an infamous attempt to stir up animosity be tween Catholics and Protestants. W e may at the same time assure our trembling friends that the Papacy has not, yet had that tremendous downfall announced. Many a jubilant orator vviil have passed to his last account ; many a Garibaldi, Mazzini, Victor Emmanuel, Louis Napoleon, shall have ren dered up to the King of Kings their accounts — ere the world will see the Down* fall of the Papacy. Note!— We take the present occasion to testily to the liberal and enlightened course pursued by the Church of England Chronicle, a bi- month y paper, published by Joseph Cooke and Co., Georgi* street, and whose object is sufficiently indicated by its title. We have never seen anything tending :o the insult of Catholics appearing in its column? j oa the contraiy, it acts well up to its motto. Of course, we differ from many of its opinions ; but v e also agree in many points ; and we specially agrt e ia avoiding all that migkt. bo .construed into an attack on our brethren of different denominations. ,W« are glad that tkia occaiion hai , been furnithedj ua of thus rendering justice to the Christian princfJ pUs of this paper. ;' -?.?-?? .,'?;--_ j A short conversation took^place in the Ire-' gislafiv?l&ss;^nWfott'ThuMdayTirghti?emcfr tfomis&W; oVinf ]f^^Ml1MiM long/iwishetj-fer .communication between this colony and Europe by way; 'off Panama^ Mr. Dick asked~the' TOohBr^ whether it was intended -by tlie Gbvernmeht' -to afford any assistance towards carrying out that ob ; jectl? ?''?? A- srim } of i £50,000: bad beenwvdfed by the House two ' or three y^ars agb Which; [sum s!ii|i! reinalns. Unappropriated, and this, together' $$1; ithe, '^O W vf-fce^ ' W th® JJeg'isiatijrejQ, Ne- Zealand,, he.tnbqighfr * would be sufficient. to, efifect so desirable, an, object* -In reply Mr. Cowper stated that; it was the' wish: of the Government to' do! all in tieir power to, ''assist vin establishing the; proposed route., ; Hef,had ';dis'c\jssed'tbe q,ues:; ... tipn, with the. NeSy Zeatan^ ?a^nt,iaiid- vsittf the assistance ;.p? the i£50,(J0P iplacpd ^ thej disposal of Government, and the £3Q$0,0 voted, by New Zealand, he hoped the corn-. munication* Would-be' established.' This^is the substance of the conversation aft ;far? as the Panama VtfiitW'ife1 jConcHrned; aridlfrom! the manner in \yh'ph;th.e Subject has been, taken up by our on:n Goverpment; and thatpf ^Tew Zeaiandjiwe have no doubt that communica; tion between Sydney and Europe; via Panama will soon be an established fact. : We are heartily glad that this long; agitated question is at jistabcut to assume a .practical hope and tJhatNew ^outh Wales is about to^eman^ cipate herself from the leadipg. strings! of Victoria and: to tajce the initiative in; th-5 establishment of a route which cannot fail to be of the greatest -value to this colony, to Queensland, and to New Zealand. We have always considered, that the fact of MeH bourne through its greater facilities for com inunication by the old route having becojme the great/commercial entrepot between the whole of the Australian colonies and Europe was oiie of the causes,* if not the chief, why Victoria has so far outstripped her sister colonies in wealth ancl. importance, and t we hope tlie estabiishiinent of the Panama rotite will do for Sydney what the Suez and the ordinary communication to England i has done for that colony. ; No doubt the mere establishment of a'taail service byJwayof Panama will greatly increase the importance 0/ New South 'Vales, Queensland and New Zealand, bat w« look further than that and hope before many years have elapsed .to see Panama the ordinary road to Europe, which it certainly will become if goods and pas sengers can be conveyed at as cheap' a rate (and we see no] reason why they should not) as by the ordinary long sea voyage. Not tl e least, of the advantages of the proposed route will be that it must largely increase the commercial marine of this colony and make us far more independent of foreign vessels in the conveyance of merchandize. We ore heartily glad that the Colonial Secretary has spoken out so decisively on thi3 important subject and trust no time will be lost in car rying the plan into execution. The . Female Home, Darlinghurst. — This excellent institution for Catholic servants was established some months ago ; and we tt'.en brought it before the notice 9f Catholic ladies in want of servants, hoping that they would patronise it in preference to other establishments of the same class in Sydney. The Home has since succeeded beyond the most sanguine expectations of its founders j and now, instead of wanting employers for the servants stopping there, the difficulty is to get servants to supply the demand. We would, therefore, urge upon female servants desirous of obtaining situations, that the Home, in addition to great facilities for obtaining respectable situations, offers them comforts for boarding and lodging at charges considerably less thaa they ctn obtain them for in Sydney ; while they will be free from the risks and temptations to which young, unprotected women are exposed in a large city. The Home is under the soiritual direction of Father Sheridan ; it is visited twice a- week by the Sisters frost St. Vincent's HospiUl ; and it is open to persons of all religious denominations. Young women from the country districts and from Europe will find the Home par. ticularly suited to them if they are desirous ot ob taining situations in Sydney. St. Mary's Choral SoomTY.—On Tues day evening tne first lesson in the elementary course of musical instruction was given by Mr. Cordner m St. Mary's Hall at half- past seven o'clock. We were glad to perceive that the. number of inembcrg had considerably increased since the first formation of the society, and about forty ^took^ part in the elementary exercises and subsequent practice. The soe'ety may therefore be now looked upon as an established fact, and we would remind those who are desirous of becoming members that they should do so at once otherwise they will lose the benefit of the course ot instruction which has just commenced. The first lesson will be repeated next Tuesday evening, and after that time the course will be re gularly proceeded wiih at every succeeding meeting until it is completed.. The terms are now fired at so low a standard, ;vix. five Bhillings.per quarter for adults, half a-crown fo» children ijnder twelve years tff age, »nd half-a-erown each fprmore fh»n oneW , the tame . family, th»t we think few c«n be found ,who would miss io' favbunbl* an opportunity of ? learning' toc«1 mniic. ' .', ,.;' ',.? ?. ' ' . ? .. ' ?-/,??.; ?.? ..'? : ! .?--;?- ??--. ? . ? ,;-..:;.*; ? : . . .: . ;; ! h' 