TIIE YELVERTON MARRIAGE CASE, j DECISION in favou of major yelverton. I This cose has now rt-ached adjudication in the! Scottish courts, judgment having been pronounced by Lord Ardmillan, one of the judge-ordinaries' before whom the case was recently pleaded at great length. His Lordship finds that Maria Teresa Longwortli has not made out her claim to be recognised as the lawful wife of the defender, the Hon. Major Yel verton. The case has been in dependencs now for three er four years, and, in the course of the proceedings, a voluminous proof has been taken in Manchester, Dublin, and Edinburgh, and an ex tensive, though incomplete, correspondence has also been adduced. The recurd containing the pleadings and evidence, forms a volume of 450 pages. The case is presented in the form of con joined actions ; one at tlie instance of Maria Teresa Longworth, to have it declared that, she is the lawful wife of Major Yelverton; and the other is an action of ' fruedom and putting to silence,' raised by Major Yelverton. In the leading ac tion Maria Teresa Longworth is pursuer. To his judgment the Lord Ordinary appends a very lengthened n -te, explaining, according to custom, the grounds of his decision. He sets forth the nature of the case and the position of the parties as follows ' l'he pursuer's grounds of action, as stated in the record, are — 1st. Marriage by the interchange of consent de prccscnti ; 2nd. Marriage by promise subsequentc copula ; 3rd. Marriage by cohabitation, as husband and wife, and habit and repute; and, 4th. Marriage in Ireland, in u Roman Catholic chapel, by a Roman Catholic priest. The defender, on the other hand, denies the pursuer's averments in point of fact ; and he especially denies that there wob any interchange of mutual consent to marry, or any promise given by him, or any copula on the faith of such a pro rnisr* nr anv P-nVmhif-ntirm nn Vmahnrwl nnrl wifp with habit and repute, or any marriage cere mony in. Ireland valid according to the law of Ireland, or seriously understood and intended by the parties as constituting marriage. The defender is the son of an Irith nobleman, and is an officer in the Royal Artillery. The pursuer is the daughter of a gen tleman, and is a member of a family of respect ability, and there was nothing in her position oi connexions to make it unnatural or improbable that she Bhould be honorably courted and ulti mately married by any gentleman. The pursuer is English, and a Raman Catholic. The defender is an Iiishman, and a Protestant The ig! of the parties i-- not set forth in the record, and is not precisely spoken to by any witness ; but, in so far as the fact can be ascertained from the proof, it appears that they were Aery near the same age, and were probably about twenty seven years of age when they first met, in 1852 ; young, cer tainly, but not in extreme youth, and neither of them very simple or unsophisticated, or unac quainted with the wcrld. M 'jor Yelverton had, in 1852, been an officer of artillery for nine yearB.' The Lord- Ordinary then refers to the circum stances in which the parties first met in 1852, in the Boulogne steamer, pointing out the dis crepancies between the statements of the two parties, and expressing the grounds on which he is induced to attach more credit to the statements of th'5 defender on this point. He says he has felt compelled to arrive. at the conclusion that the pursuer's state ment, to the effect that their acquaintance was made by introduction, and through ladies to whom she had been introduced, is not correct, and that 'he defender's statement that the ac quaintance was accidental and without introduc tion is correct. That, some months after this c.sual meeting, the pursuer commenced a corres pondence, to which the defender at once replied, and that their first meeting was so frequenily re called to the memory of both, not in connexion tion with the defender's plaid, within the folds of which the pursuer ar.d defender were wrapped ns they sat on deck at night, is one of the first of the peculiar features of this remarkable case. They were both travelling alone; they met by accident j they 'found each other in the dark and the plaid (which the defender gove to the pursuer at her request, and regarding which she afterwards writes, ' I sleep under the plaid every night ; it gives me pleaBant dreams and makt s me so happy') was the memorial of their meeting. His lordship next refers to their meeting at Galata in 1855, observing, with regard toher correspondence in the interval, ' Her letters are full of talent and exhibit remarkable dexterity. She sayB that she aimed at marriage, and it is evident that she did so — eagerly, adroitly, and pereeveringly gathering from every field the materials for charming and the elements of power. He alludes to his remark in a letter about his intended future, which she transposes to ' future intended,' to which he re plies that he has no ' future intended,' but is fiancd to an armchair in the United Service Club.' He next adverted to the letter in which the Major says, ' I have no Rubicon beyond which I do not mean to pass if I can.' He goes on to say, — '? There is no deception or disguise in this. When a gentleman in the course of such correspondence as this resolutely refrains from responding to dex terous suggestions, and even direct invitations, to make proposals of marriage — when he tells the lady that he is a confirmed bachelor, and yet has no Rubicon beyond whir-h he doeB not mean to pass, if he can, then he has certainly driven her no I encouragement to expect marriage, but, on the contrarj-, has said enough to put her to some ex tent on her guard. The pursuer, who takes the lean Liiiuwftuuut, nil uuiieoyuiiuciiuu, UH Uie most frequent and the most urgent letter writer, writes a long letter to the de fender on the subject of marriage, and of the disappointment, the satiety, and the love of change which sometimes follow marriage, showing that, even at that early period of their acquaintance, rather loose views in regard to mar riage were entertained and expressed by the pursuer. . . . The pursuer, iu 1855, went out to Constantinople as a sister of chatity, and as sisted as a nurse at the French hospital at Galata. Without wishing to throw any suspicion on her mot ves in taking this step, it does seem that one of those motives was the hope of again meeting the defender. From Galata she writes to the de fender — ' I cannot stand another disappointment, so you must try to let me see you this time ; but I warn you, you will have as much to go through as had Orpheus in search of Eurydice ; and, U..O n ? i mi -- ft J , J'1* niUOli ?Tiiuuc auu J. u ? but you know the rest of the ditty.' ' Lord Ard millan then refers to the pursuer's statement that at Galata the defender courted her, and promised marriage, which the pursutr asked should not take place till hostilities were over, and says, 'There is, however, nothing in the correspondence to support the avermcntB of the pursuer in regard to this meeting at Galata. The first letter written by her after the meeting at Galata commences thus : — ' Once more loot ! Surely late is malii ious beyond meaiiure, or we are bad Meerers of our bark ! Quel tour elle nous joiie. What, is the use of telling me of any future reality ? You are a ghost, a phantom, a coinage of my brain — that s all ; a bright, loveable one at first, now be coming painful ar.d torturing. It is scarcely possible that this can have been written imme diately after a Bcene of affectionate love, ter minating in a formal proposal and a Boleniu en gagement of marriage, with a postponement only at the writer's own request. The defender, in a letter written in reply to one from the pursuet, in regard to a discovery of thoir intimacy by the Lady Superior at Galata, says ' Still, if there be that in your position that causes these lies to give you more pain than a cessation of our correspon dence, I say, with pain, let it cease.' ? How I envy your brother in Australia from your des cription. I think I must end in the Rocky Mountains. I never shall get respectable and [word cut out. Defender says the word was ' moral '] enough for this very old state of so ciety. ± uui really \ ery tori y for it, but amend ment ou that point won't come ; so don't ti ust me more than is the due of I hope, a chivalrous savage.' The pursuer replied in a long, clever, and important letter, in which Bhe Bays, ' I ask for no amendment, and have little l'aith in conversions. I accord to others the liberty I expect for myself. And then she adds, ' If you are the chivalrous savage I descrioe, then my faith has been indeed well planted ; buc your phrase did not read exactly so, but as though you would warn me not to trust too much. Whatever you meant on this point, I have but one answer to make, — I must tiust all or not at all with you. I can have no half-measures, and, come weal or woe of it, I am prepared to meet it and will make the best of it.' Major Yelverton writes to her, — ' You are discontented, and I cannot minis ter to your content. You have left the lazaretto, and I am still in quarantine. Take care ; if you touch me, back you came for the full term of the infected. We must only look at and talk to one another through the bars.' Te (his pursutr re plies, — ' You ore quite right about your fear of infectious disease — it is not only a reality, but worse than the thing feared ; so pray let me touch you and share the infection. I infinitely prefer it to standing shivering without the bars. , . . If you have the courage to knock down the sentry with loaded arms you may safely trust me to elude or delude my cautious friendly ad visers, and in spite of the awful uproar it made, I repeat, ' Whistle, and I'll,' & c. To this very singular letter the defender replies, in one oi those cautious sentences which are to be frequently mot with in h.s letters, 1 1 am 3crry we are not friends. 1 What can I do for you? I am in tho wcod yet, and must not whistle till I am out.' ' The Lord Ordinary then lefers to their meeting in the Crimea in the hut of General Scraubenzee, remark ing that ttie scene which the pursuer in one of her leiters describes as having taken place, is quite inconsistent with the idea of an existing engage- i mu with expressing too much wh it I feel. It would be quite as consistent as your complaining of my want of magnetic attraction when in the Crimea : It is useless to tell you what attracted me to the ' Crimea, at the risk of being frozen to death — it is J to no purpose recapitulating what secret instinct ' pointed out to me your little hut — how in t spirit I begged and prayed to be let in for mercy's sake, for pity's sake — no, you were invulnerable ; for a whole fortnight you resisted the small plain tive voice — and you must recollect, Carlo rnio, that one Bad morning forcibly withdrawing your hand from me when my heart was bursting with love and grief — and the touch of that hand was my only strength through that fearful trial, when with one fell Bwoop 3 ou tore down the cherished dream of my life.' Accordingly, Lady Strau benzee says — ' My understanding wub that any engagement between the pursuer and the defen der was broken off when she left the Crimea.' Adverting to the correspondence which follows this visit, his lordship says — 'It is in vain to at tempt to disguise that these letters are very warm and very impassioned, both in regard to something past and remembered, and in regard to something anticipated and desired. In their retrospect they did not relate to marriage, or to a promise or en gagement to marry. In prospector aim it may be that the pursuer had marriage in her view, but there is nothing to 1 ad to the inference that the defender then contemplated marriage ; and there is much to lead to the inference that the alternative of a very different lelation than that of married life was present to the mind of the pursuer. The defender, apparently conceiving that the corres pondence on the part of the pursuer had assumed a tone which, taken in connexion with the ???ir- cumstance of their meeting in the steamer at Balac lava, would make their next meeting very dan gerous — afraid of not being able to control his passion if they met, nnd not desiring to entangle himself beyond rccall — wrote to the pursuer from Vienna a letter which, like several otherB, has been produced by the pursuer in a mutilated form, but of which the meaning is sufficiently obvious — ' Cara Theresa Mia — The fraternal scheme was a physical impossibilty. I dreamt it ; and waking, found that chivalry was not departed, but superseded ; therefore, as I could not be what you wished, I determined not to persist or con tinue in a course which must end either in con verting me into a modern Tantalus (reading 'woman' for 'water') and thereby making the necessary step from the sublime, or — but I need not repeat [cut out or torn oJf'\ the alternative,' &c.; l'his letter is, in every aspect of the present case. important. It cannot be for a moment supposed that it is the letter of a man then engaged in marriage, or contemplating mariiage. It is the letter of a man who, coiiBCiouB of a passion against which he felt it his duty to struggle, and was afraid of losing his self command if brought into personal intercourse, and who therefore thought himself and the lady safest at a distance.' After quoting letters of the pur suer in which she says, ' You have infatuated, enthralled, bewitched, and maddened me,' and hints at some proposal ' which would have been a gleam of sunshine on my dismal life, and would not have interfered with your liberty, * present position, or future prospects.' ' It is,' he adds, ' important to observe that a plan for satisfying her eonacience, and yet leaving the defendant free, was in the mind of the pursuer. Still, the de fender does not encourage the pursuer to expect any closer intercourse or dearer connexion. Mar riage iB never mentioned between them. His letters to her are frequently cautious and even cold. She calls them ' indifferent, ici-de letters,' also ' miserable, cold, and cruel as ever.' One mote letter by the defender to the pursuer it is neces sarj to notice. The conclusion of it is &b; fol lows : — ' You want to know how I make myself at times indifferent. I'll tell you. You mistake an effort of the will for indifference. It is that, knowing I cannot gain on your terms, I will not try on mine (ne esoity made). Addio, Carissi ma.' ' The construction which theLo.d Ordinary is disposed to put on this letter is — ' I cannot marry you ; I will not ruin you.' This construc tion he considers to be quite consistent with the defender's other letters, and particularly ''' utuci wuruuigB given 10 ine pursuer. The Lord Ordinary has, with great at tention and anxiety, studied the whole of this cor respondence, and the result at which he haB been compelled to arrive is, that when, in February, 1857, the pursuer and defender met in Edinburgh, where the pursuer followed him, they met as par ties between whom there was then no marriage, no engagement, no promise of marriage, but as parties who had been much attracted towards each other, who had had a few fond meetings, and had written many fond letters — who had thought, perhaps, of marriage, but who had also thought of love without marriage, and intercourse without wedlock. His Lordship then alludes to the contradictory statements as to what took place in Edinburgh, dismissing as nor proved the pursuer's statements as to a secret marriage cere mony in the lodgings there, by reading the Church of England marriage service and mutually acknow ledging each other as husband and wife. He next refers to her statement' that, notwithstand ing this ceremony, she refused to cohabit with llim 11 n ( il R nrinHt- nf hor nu-n „„„ form the ceremony of marriage, and that, he being displeased, she left Edinburgh to avoid him. The defender's statement that illicit intercourse then took place is not, his Lordship thinks, borne out by direct evidence ; but, after quoting from several of the letters written by the pursuer about thiB period, he says, — ' Reading these letters to gether, and considering them with reference to the prior history of the case, and to the conflict ing statements of the parties on the record on this point, it does appear that the letters are more easily reconciled to the averments of the defender than to those of the pursuer. Still, if the separate fact of sexual intercourse in Edinburgh were pre sented on this evidence as essential to the defen der's case, the Lord Ordinary could not hold it to be sufficiently proved. It is not disproved ; it is not inconsistent with the facts proved, or with the correspondence of the parties ; and there are some expressions in the letters which are not unfairly capable of a construc tion pointing to thai result. But the burden of proving the averment rests on the de fender, and the Lord Ordinary is not satisfied that it has been instructed. He assumes accord ingly, in the pursuer's favor, that there was no connexion in Edinburgh. But he does not as sume — for on the proof and the correspondence he does not believe— that the defender proposed the private marriage to the pursuer in Edinburgh, that the pursuer refused to cohabit with the de fender till she should be married by a priest, and that she left Edinburgh to avoid him. Ol this there is no evidence — no reasonable inference — no probability ; and many of the defender's letters to the pursuer during her residence in England between April and July, 1857, which [ might have tended to explain this matter, have ! not been produced by her.' Speaking of the i letters written in anticipation of the visit to Ire- ' land, which took place in July, 1857, a-id of the ! pursuer's statement on the record that she went ! there on the invitation of the defender for the ; purpose of marriage by a priest of her own per- j suasion, the Lord Ordinary says ; — ' The i tone and tenor of these letters is very far from ! indicating those feelings and hopes by 1 when the pursuer's mind must then have been filled if the statements which she has put on record are true. A retrospect of self-reproach, consciousness of a sacrifice for love, a riread of the future, and even a feeling of despair, is the state of mind really indicated. On arriving in Ireland the pursuer was joined by the defender, and it is of very great importance to ascertain what became of them during the period between their so meeting at Watertord in the end of July and the 15 h of August, when they appeared before a priest at Rostrevor. On this itnporta- 1 point— namely, the conduct of tho parti°H after they met in Ireland, and before the ceremor.v at Rostrevor, the proof is conclusive. It is abun dantly established by evidence, of which the strength has only been increased by attcmpta to create confusion, that the defendant and pursuer occupied the same apartment and the same bed at the different hotels at Malahide, Newry and Rostrevor, irom the 30th of July to the' 15th of August, 1857, being before the date of the only proceeding bearing the semblan- e of man-iaee ?which the pursuer has instructed. It is not proved that during that period there was anv application to a priest, or any attempt to obtain marriage, till they reached Rustrevor, and it is not proved that there was any reason for mch delay. After leading this life— not matrimonial —for about a fortnight, the pursuer, havine Becured the services of the Rev. Bernard Moon- v Roman Catholic priest of. Kilbroney, near Rosl tievor, took the defender to chapel on the loth of August, 1857, and there, with very slight varia tion of the ordinary form, a ceremony of marriage according to the ritual of the Roman Catholic Church, was perfo med between the pursuer and defendei. It cannot be maintained successfully and in this court it is scarcely maintained at all except to keep the point open, that the ceremonv in the chapel constituted, of its slf, a valid mar riage according to the law of Ireland. Assuminc the fact, which is clearly proved, that the defender was brought up as a Protestant, entered as a Pro testant in the service, and actually was a Protestant ot ihe date of the ceremony, and for twelve months previous, and that on the occasion he made no profession nr declaration to the contrary, then it is beyond doubt that, in this court, ai:d for the pur poses of tli is action, it must be taken as a mutter of fact that, according to the law of Ireland there was no valid marriage. Still, the scene en-' acted in the chapel at Rostrevor, stripped though it may be of all validity as constituting mariiage or renewing a previous marriage, ia a very serious and distressing incident in this ca.'e, snd rarnot Y-ia withnilf wwifrht. in mncirlorinn _r.. subsequent conduct of the parties. The pursuer and defender did, on that occasion, in the chapel at the altar, and before the priest, distinctly and untqui vocally, amid the most solemn attendant circumstances, declare in words, that they mutu olly accepted ea;h other as husband and wife. The defender's plea now is, and has been so put' that he did not intend to deceive, and that he actually did not deceive the pursuer; for that neither of them meant this proceeding to be really a marriage, or to be more than a device to satisfy her conscience. He says that the solemn words then uttered at the altar were intentionally untrue and that the whole proceeding Jn the chapel was an empty form, and a mere mockery. It is sad that such a plea should be maintained, and should be required. It is still more sad that there is too much room for believing that the plea is well founded in fact. The defender's ex planation is that the ceremony was a mere device Buch as had been frequently suggested by the pursuer, to satisfy her conscience, and yet leave the defender free. He says that it was not in tended to be, or understood to be, really a mar riage. Not only tecausj it is void in 'aw as con trary to Act of Parliament, but alto because it was not meant to be truly a marriage, and waB accepted by the pursuer as an arrangement to reconcile her to her position, and yet to leave the defender free, does the defender now profess to deny to this ceremony an effect which he Bays neither party intended ? ? . Let the relation of the parties to each other at the date of that ceremony be considered, The pur suer had by that time lost command of the posi tion. She had previously yielded to the defender, not her heart only, but her per son, and she had thus withdrawn from the defender a strong motive to desire marriage, and from he'Belf a strong power to compel it. The ceremony might be to her some sort of satisfaction of her conscience — she, at least, seems to have thought so ; but it could not be to the defender a key to the possession of her charms. The defender's conduct in this matter cannot, in any view of it, be justified, or even excused. But - the ordinary motives for such a marriage were wanting, and the ceremony, in the cane of a Pro testant, was void. Marriage was not, in point of fact, required to enable him to obtain the gratification of his passion ; and marriage was not in point of law constituted by the ceremony in the chapel at Rostrevor.' The Lord Ordinary then refers to their behaviour together while residing at Edinburgh, in 1857, after their visit to Ireland. and to the visit to Hull in the end of the year, and to the trip to the Continent in the following spring, to the defender lesving the pursuer at Bordeaux in April, 1858, and to the hints in the pursuer's letters of the expected arrival of a little stranger, who was not, howe : er, forthcoming. He proceeds to say : — ' On the 26th of June, 1858, the defender was married to Mrs Forbes. The pur suer lodged information with the Procurator Fiscal, accusing the defender of bigamy, found ing on the alleged marriage in Ireland as the ground of accusation, and not mentioning the alleged private marriage in Edinburgh. No pro ceedings against the defender were taken by the Crown. I11 August, 1858, the pursuer raised her first action of declarator of marriage, in which one uiu uui unege miy privme marriage in Jiuin burgh previous to the ceremony in tin (hapel at Rostrevor. That action was not proceeded with. The defender raised his action of declarator of of freedom and putting to silence on the 8ih of June, 1859, and the pursuer raised tie present action of declarator of marriage, in which she, for the first time, alleges the private marriage in Edinburgh in April, 1857, before going to Ireland. This action was raised on the 13th of January, 1860\. If the Lord- Ordinary has arrived at a cor rect conclusion in regard to the fac s of this case, a9 instructed by the proof, the correspondence and the record, read and collated togetlier, then t.TlP Anr»1Jr»fltinn r\f tho 1mi- Vo/lfn »!/?»*? I so difficult as seems to have been suppoped. rhe general principles of the law of marriage in Scotland are clear, simple, and well estab lished. Marriage may' be very loose in point of fact, but the rules of law which govern its consti tution are well defined. Marriage is a consentual contract. Consent alone, if freely, senouslv, and deliberately given, constitutes marriage. No cere mony. civil or religious, is necessary. The inter change of mutual consent is sufficient. The cele bration of the ordinance of marriage in facie ecclesiec is the only regular and the most becoming and the best mode of proving the mutual cen Rent, whinh f»nnctifnt^a mnrrinuo Tint: nfhnr mnHpR of proof are recognised as sufficient, the general and permanert rule being that the serious snd deliberate consent — the mutual intention of the parties to enter into the contract of marriage — shall clearly appear. Nothing less will suffice. Light words, words of dou' tful import, words used merely to gi/e a color to cohabitation, to escape scandal, or to obtain accesH to lodgings or hotels — these are not sufficient proof of that mutual consent to marry which the law requires, and which must be seriously enter tained and deliberately expressed. The consent, however expressed, must be, to use the wordB of Lord Coreliouse in the ease of ' Aitchison,' ' both a deliberate and genuine matrimonial con sent. It must not be a matter of mere sport or jest, it must not be a mere color for serving some non- matrimonial purpose, or a cover and blind to conceal something which the parties themselves truly know to be not matrimony ;' or, as Lord Moncreifl expresses it, in the case of 'Lowriev Mercer, ' there must be legal and satisfactoiy evidence that mutual consent has been seriously and deliberately interposed.' ? ? Now, applying these rules to the present case, it appears to the Lord- Ordinary clear that there was here no interchange of mutual consent to marry per verba de present i sufficient in law to constitute marriage. The pursuer did, no doubt, aim at .marriage if she could accomplish it, but the defender did not. He never did in writing express, and within Scotland he never expressed in words, nny present iu lention to marry. The pursuer has altogether failed to prove the expres sion 01 any Bucn intention, it is nexi. pieuucu that marriage has been here constituted by promise subseguintc copula. The statement on record is not very distinct on this subject, for it is not alleged when the promise was given, or when the copula followed on it. The^ aver ments are indefinite and not satisfactory. This is also a mode by which the interchange of mutual consent may be proved. Legal proof of promise to marry, and ptouf that copula followed on the faith of the promise, is to be held to instruct mu tual consent, on the presumption that the promise passed into mutual consent by the act of inter course. Courtship subsequentc copula does not of itself constitute marriage; but promise legally proved doea, when followed by copulv, constitute marriage. The courtship of a lady by a gentleman * however, be of great force in estimating the probability in construing tlie meaning of a pro ? mige ' an(1 t'le probability of a promise of mar riace* may be increased by the easiness of the centlf man's courtship, and lessened by the eager ness of the lady's advances. But the promise on ?which an action of declarator of marriage is founded must be proved by writ or oath of the defender. In the present ease theie is no written evidence of the existence of any promise to marry. Beside i no intercourse on the faith of 'anr such promise has been proved. In regard to the pursuer's nPXt plea,, that there was marriage constituted by the Irish ceremony, it is only necessary to say that the validity of that marriage depends on the law of Ireland ; and that in this court, and for the pur coses of this aclion, the Lord Ordinary ia bound to take the law of Iieland as matter of fact ac cording to the evidence of the learned jurists who have been examined. The defender has been moved to be a Protestant at the date of that cere mony and according to the law of Ireland, as proved by the testimony of Dr Battersby and Dr Wilsh, a ceremony of marriage celebrated by a Roman UatVolic priest between the pursuer, a Human Catholic, and the defender, a Protestant, is absolutely null and v»ld to all intents and pur poses. The only remaining plea for the pursuer ia that marriage was contracted by 'cohabitation as husband and wife, and habite and repute.' This is, undoubtedly, a mode of constituting mar riage known to our law. Cohabitation as hus band and wife— in other words, their apparent treatment of each other in a manner consistent with the conjugal relation and no other, causing them to be habite and repute man and wife— is considered in law as sufficient proof of the deliberate mutual consent which makes matrimony. The two elements of this proof, however— namely, the fact of co habitation as hu bind and wife, and the reputa tion thereby created — must both l.e instructed ; tlw one will not do without the other. The habile and repute, ns it is termed, or the general belief of the existence of marriage between the parties, is held to be an indispensable evidence of the concurrence of all the minute circumstanced in the treatment of the parties by each other from which their relation as husband and wife is to be gathered. The cohabitation which the law re quires must be such cohabitation as husband and wife as creates a general belief of marriage. The consorting with the -new to concubinage, under color of professed marriige, is not the cohabita tion which low requires. It muBt be open and avowed cohabitation, as in the relation of husband j wife. The usina a false name, and especially the use of a maiden name, is most un'avorable to ' to the plea of cohabitation. B 'Bides, a divided ' repute or a limited repute, confined to a narrow sphere, while elsewhere an opposite repute exists, is not sufficient. In this case, apart from the mere color assumed to escape scandal and pro cure admission to lodgings and hotel?, there has beon no hubite and repute at all. The cohabitation of the parties, such as it was, did not create a general belief fn their marriage. There was no such general belief; neit er relatives, nor friends, nor neighbors seri ously believed, ns the result of open conjugal co habitation, that these parties were husb nd and wife. Thia is, indeed, the probable result when it id part of the pursuer's caee that the marriage was secret. Where it is alleged by the pursuer that the marriage was secret, not to be made known by the conduct or the declarations of the parties, it must be very difficult indeed to prove such a marriage by cohabitation and habite and repute. A marriage may be validly constituted, though it be perfectly secret, or it may be commu nicated to a few persons only, and concealed from all others; but in such a case there will be no con jugal behaviour to create a general belief, and the marriage mu6t be constituted in some other way than by cohabitation and habite and repute.' Lard Ardmillan concludes as follows: — 'This judgment has been rea'hed after much anxiety, and not without sympathy for the sad fate of the pursuer, but with a clear conviction that it is according to the truth of tho case. For the con duct of the defender there can be no excuse ; but he was not ths seeker, the seducer, or the betrayer of the pursuer. The story of the pursuer — her charms, her talent, her misfortune, even the in tense and persevering devotedness of the passion by which she was impelled — must excite interest, pity, and sympathy ; but she was no mere girl, no simpleton, no stranger to the ways of the world, no victim to insidious arts. She wus not deceived. She fell with her own consent. Ap plying to the ascertained facts the rules of ths Scottish Law of Marriage, the Lord- Ordinary has found it impossible to arrive at any other conclusion than that the pursuer has apt in structed that she is the lawful wife of Major Yelverton.' Against the above judgment a reclaiming peti tion was on Saturday presented to the First Divi sion of the Court, whose decision will be Bubject to appeal to the House of Lords. — Times, 7th July. Crinoline and Paint. — The first years of the reign of our present beloved Sovereign were marked by exquisite neatness and simplicity of apparel, and by a righteous disdain of adventi tious aids to the enhancement of th ? complexion. Granting that from 1833 to 1837 the ladies of England were somewhat prudish and strait-laced in appearance, we revert with delight to the period ranging between 1810 and 1845, the charm ing era of book muslins and sandalled shoes — of plain black scarfs and neat Btraw bonnets with simple ribbons- The R -yal Family have always been remarkable for the tasteful simplicity of their dress ; and there may be seen very fre quently in the International Exhibition a comely young hdy, born very near the throne, whose scrupulously plain but graceful costume is at once a model and a smart reproach to the garishly attired dames around her. But, beyond the Court circle, what a change has come over English ladies and their toilettes during the last ten or fifteen years ? We want to know how many yards of Bilk are required for a dress in 1801, preserving as we do an accurate remem brance i f how many yards wer t wanted for the same purpose in 1845. We most earnestly wish to undeceive the ladies, young and middle-aged, who adhere to the present mode, on Beveral poin's respecting which they appear to us to be grie vously mistaken. Let them not run away with the idea that they arc at all attractive to the male sex when attired in all the colors of the rainbow, when coiffid with bonnets tower ins; above their heads like gigantic spoons or epergnes or CLantilly baskets. We think that the majority of our male readers will join with us in hinting to the Indies that, when it is absolutely necessary to catch a glimpse of a lady's ankle, the sight of a clean pair of white stockings — be they even of cotton — is infinitely preferable to that ot Balbriggan hose, which may have been worn we d n't know how many times ; that a dress composed of one or two, or at most three colors, is far more pleasing to the eye than a bewildering rag-doll combination of half a score primary and secondary hues ; and that a com plexion brightened with rouge or beplastered with violet powder, so far from exciting a favorable impression, gives rise to very invidious com ments and very injurious comparisons. Finally, let us impress on the ladies this solemn and significant fact — every man not being blind, or an idiot, can tell when a woman is painted. The lady who is ' enamelled,' and thinks that the gentlemen won't find it out, is laboring under a lamentable delusion. Mr Thack eray tolls us there is rouge which won't come off when rubbed with a pocket-handkerchief, and which is impervious even to a shower of tears — ?i^i *al8e ani^ false whito are never theless staiingly visible to the naked eye. Nine tenths of the ladies who use pigments to improve their complexions, carry the words ' I am painted' written on their countenances, quite as plainly as ever beggar chalked 'lam starving' on tlie pavement. They are as foolish as the ostrich, who hides his head in the sand. The men are sure to find them out. — Daily Telegraph. , ^ Scotch Pulpit Joxb. — The pulpit of a cnurch m Scotland being vacant, two candidates ered to preach, whoBe names were Adam and ovv. The latter preached in the morning, and ook for his text ' Adam, where art thou ?' He de an excellent discourse. In the afternoon am T i'-an\mfea.c^ec* uP°n the words, ' Lo, here ?t ? Ihe impromptu gained the appointment. * v0LICB ,op York made a descent upon g, saloon, and were much surprised to tho ®eTe . oelltlemen sitting round a table, while . _„^°Prle.tor *?a8 apparently explaining to them wiMrJ jln scriptures which relates to a lien tu Pe.r.Ter8e generation seeking after a liirn'n. ? i*1' 0 apologised and retired, for no «gn or implement could they find. 