FAJIEWELL TEA MEETING. BEV. J. WATSON. Last evening a Tea Meeting took place at Del Sflrtc'fi Hoom, Harrington- street, by way of Farewell to the Itcv. John Watson on his Retirement from the Curacy of St. David's, to accept an appointment at Gipp's taud. The arrangements were conducted by Mr. Hoggins, of Liverpool-street, under the superintendence of Mr. Thomas Wi-sibrook, and oilier members of tbe fyomtmttcp. The spacious room was laid out with five tables, the entire lenlb of the apartment, and two long tables on the platform. Amongst the gentlemen present wen> Messrs. Calder, Andrews, Wcstuott, lUsby, Pi esse, RUBII. Wfriltaker, N. (Jroslcy, He teller, Gu radon, Fleming, Frvor, Ik'ndsll, Matson. Belbin, I. Wright, Dowdell, T. Wcstbraolc, T. Giblin, Kasstian, the hon. Mr. Cotter, M.L.G., Marsliall, Itev. Mr. Watson, Goer, Farthing, Dr. Doughty, Bex, Itev. G. B. Snudi, Stituitson, and Morjran. Mesdaines Matson, Gresley, Graham, Cook. Andrews, Walcb, Crouch, Tii 08. Westbrook, ffes&e;, Watson, and Crcswcll, Misses Cook, Cleburne, Carter, Crouch, Priest, Walch, &c.; The room was crowded to cxccss. Tlie CIIair was taken by the hon. W. Carter, Esq., M.L C. After Grace was sung, and the substantial honors of tlic table attended to, The hymn— u O God of Aoraliam, by wbosc hand, 1 * was given out by the Uev. Mr. Watson, and sung by the Company. The Cliairman said lie ocrupicd his prominent post witli some timidity. lie was conscious tliat alt fiad met with feelings at once of pica- sure and regret. They must foci pleasure in liaving to record their appreciation of the labors of the Rev. John Watson. Of the good that had been done by bis instrumentality, followed by tbe blessing of God, they were well aware. His aeal, euergy, and constant attentions—particularly to the jraor of the city—1 Lid been eminently successful Their friend bad shown some courage, in circunistancos of much difficulty ; wlilie be regretted tital occasion Irnd arisen to give rebuke to unseemly conduct, lie was glad that he had manifested a regard for the sanctity of the sanctuary. Need lie aay how they had appreciated fate spirited labors f The spontaneous attendance of UIUSQ present was a testimony of their individual regard. It was impossible that a parting should take place without sorrow. Jl was well then that they should adopt the prot>o$ed means as a practical expression of their estimate. The Chairman then csrilud on Mr. Thomas Wee I brook to read an address to the Rev. Mr. Watson. Mr. Westbroook, after a few preliminary remarks, read the following Address :— To the Itev. John Watson. Ilobart Town, 30th Octobcr, I8C2. RFV. AKDUKAB SIB,—Wc the undersigned, members of the congregation of &L; David's Cathedra], cannot allow you to leave this Diocese for your new apherc of labor without expressng our heartfelt appreciation of your ministry during your resideuce hoe. Tour earnest and eloquent discourses; your thorough evangelical doctrine, your consistent walk in Jife; and your fervent desire to do what you could in your Master's work, has won our respect and esteem. We would specially mark oar appreciation of your exertions for the moral improvement of the humbler classes ia particular, by tbe establishment of weekly meetings, by which means many a wanderer has been reclaimed, and many an outcast brought into the Church of Christ. We would also notice the great success you have achieved under UM blessing of God in your work ia the Bible Classes. We feel that io them many taUeven have been built up in their holy fahh i the weak strengthened { and tltt thoughtless brought to a tease of their si t*i. Your rqral&r; visitation from bouse to house in the parish, prove* that yon had a deep Intercrt in tftc spiritual welfare of the people; in fact we would sum up all by saying, that you have faithfully carried out the duties of God'* Minister in proclaiming with earnestness and &Mity; tlie Salvation through Christ alone, and by using every moans in your power to further the Redeemer's csuse. Wc therefore in bidding you farewell, beg of you to accept our best wishes for your future successes as God's Ambasador wherever you niav go, and express a hope lliat under Divine Providence you may once again bt permitted to labor among i firing Christrian labors of your amiable lady we believe your hands bave ban ; materially strengthened in carrying on your , work. May slic long lire to be sucb an lidjv V U * L ' 1 you '. nni! t,, . n L M ' , ' c , ri th ! 8 . mortality, she, with yourself and fauulyt may meet with us around the Marriage Supper of the Ijinib, to go no more out for Wo remain, lleverond and Dear Sir, Faithfully yours. fThc aridrces was signed by upwards of 400 members of the congregation of SL DHVIII'BJ. Mr. Wcstbrook then icad an Address from the Ladies, and in their name, presented a suit of Canonicals to the Rev. Air. Wntson, and a pumfor Mrs. Watson, amid applause. The Rev. J. Wntson, (who was much aflecU cd), replied Co the following effect My very dear friends,—1 beg to tender you my hearty tliank* for the very kind address you have presented to me on the occasion of my departure from you. I fear the partiality of friendship has induced you to employ language more flattering than my humble services deserve. I only claim credit for u sincerity of pnrpose and if, through God's blessing, any spirituid good lias resulted to you, or others in connection with my Ministerial labours, to God. be ascribed all the praise 1 I came to ihis Diocese with many douhls aud misgivings ; as the Impression prevails in the neighbouring colonics that Clcreymcu combining earnestness and evangelical views are here likely to meet with more hindrances than encouragements. However, as it seemed my Providential path, I resolved in humble dependence on the Divine blessing, to try wliat a prudent and diligent i'.i<charg£ of Mimstcri&l; duly could accomplish. The surccss vouchsafed to me has exceeded the most sanguine expectations both of myself and many others. Everywhere 1 have found eager listeners to the plniu and loving publication of Gospel truth. From all classcs of society ] have received the most mntkod courtesy and civility. From many persons and at different times I luivc been the recipient of unwonted liberality and generosity. Among the greatest source of thankfulness and satisfaction to me, 1 would name the large congregations wbicli have regularly tilled Kt. David's Cathedral on Suuday liven ing's for nearly two years—the flourishing llihle classes which I originated— the fact that oome of the attendants at (lie Bible Classes have been induced to take a more active part in works of piety and charity, by c-.iga^ing as Sunday-School Teacher*, or by visiting the 6ick and the poor—and aliovc all, tliat a few have been stirred up to give more earnest heed to the tilings which belong to their peace, lint ihu Parable of tlie Sower leads us to expect that the sowing of the Gospel seed will everywhere encounter antagonistic, influences My Ministerial career among you has not proved on exception. Vet were I to follow my own judgment and feelings ou this occasion 1 should bu perfectly silent aa to what my hindrances and discouragements have been; deeming it a duty rather to run the risk of laying myself open to misapprehension and misrepresentation, than utter a single word which might bring Bcorn on the sacred name of religion. The world does not usually judge a man by one isolated act. It rather looks to the general tenor of his life and conversation ; and to that ordeal I might safely resign myself. It has, however, been represented to mc tliat, having boon publicly attacked, and certain specific ctiargea made against me, tliat justice to myself and others requires some notice to be taken of them :—First, I aui represented as seeking to introduce a u very contemptible of tunes." Kow, 1 liave no recollection of ever desiring any particular tune to be sung, or ever seeking to introduce a new one. The tunes in use in &U; David's arc certainly suscep- tible of improvement; but I have never made an effort to do so. Secondly. I am accused of beiog in the liabit of sending up to the organist fresh hyrns aud psalms to be auug** without due notice." On this head then* are three distinct statements made"On the Sunday evenings lie would return the psalms and hymns wliicli had been practised, and insert others in their K laces." w Agaiu be commenced sending the ymns up to the orgauist a few minutes before or even during service." u On the evening of Sunday the 21st ultimo, he sent me a short lime before service another selection." I have taxed my memoiy carefully, and I have alga consulted the sexton, through, whom all these Jiapvrs pass, and I find his recollection to agree with my own; and I am prepared to aftlrin—First, that I do uot recollect having "once" 'luring the last ten or twelve months sent any psalms or hyuius up to the organist,either M at M or "during" the "Sunday Kvouing service." Secondly, 1 have never done declare tliat when I have required any particular hymns or psalms to bu sung ou the Sunday tveiling, the "shortest notiec" given has been "eight hours," i.e., before the commencement of the morning service at 11 a.m. I have handed to the Sexton a ii&t; of the Psalms and Hymns to be sung at the evening service at 7 p.m. I did so (Mi the morning of the very day specified, in the presence of Mr. Cook, and the sexton left us in the vestry for the pur]KMC of carrying the list to the organist, before the commencement of the morning service 1 And these three allegations, which 1 now make ou this bead, 1 have con Armed by the signa tares of the aexton. 1 may here remark that this eight hour's notice was objected to, as "so short a notice I" Another objection frequently raadc to tbe hymn selected has been, tliat the organist had u no tune." 1 give two as specimens of the bond Jides, or groundleasness of the objection. The first Hymn begins with the following verse :— "Guide us, O thou great Jehovah ! l'ilgriras through this barren land ; Wc arc weak, but Thou art mighty; Help us with Thy powerful band : Bread of Heaven, Feed us till wc want no more." A second hymn unsung under the pretext of M no tune" begins as follows :— M Object of my first desire, Jesus I crueitied for me ; AH to happiness expire ; 1 wonld seek it. Lord, in thee, Thee to praise, and tbee to know, Makes the joy of 6aiots below ; Thee to sec, and Thee to love, Hakes the bliss of Saints above." To the first of these hymns I could name dozen suitable tunes ; to the latter, perhaps, twenty tunes—as any tunes of four lince sevens —a* Mariners, Gcnuan Hymn, &c.;, could be played to it. Hut J would remark that if at any tiiue 1 have given the officiating organist credit for more musical knowledge than be possessed, 1 beg to express my sincere regret for having done BO. (Cheers.) One Wednesday evening we had no singing, under the pretext that the organist had no time to the byiun selected. Well, if Uiat tvally was the case, there was tlie organ-blower within a few feet of him by whom he might have sent of scrap of paper explaining his dilemma, and bave thereby prevented the unseemly spectacle of a clergyman announcing a hymn, with the congregation expecting to dng, whilst the onanist stands up with folded arms, as though enjoying the ludicrous scene of wiiich he was die cause (shame). Many of you liave been for months eye and car witnesses of tlie annoyanous offered nu various forms by certain church officials, pccially at the Wednesday evening services. To detail them to you Is superfluous. I draw over them tbj> decent vail of cUenoo. Tbe morning wrice of the 88th ultimo brought us tfaJlMimar. Tbe 106th hymn had been selected, by the organist. In order to shorten the service, as I had often don* before, X gave out only tbe two last verse*. The ooDgr^atioa in the lower part of the church «ang what I announced, the choir under tha leadership of the organist sang the former part of the hymn t and at the end of the tecoud -verso, when myself and other* were prepared to resume the prayers the singing was continued (shame *), thus distracting the attention of the congregation, and rendering it impossible for ' them to join devoutly In the prayers, or listen profitably to the sermon. At tbeokfteof tbe aorta I caused It to be distinctly understood that I sliould not officiate any more in St. David's unless tlie organist was directed to follow the instructions of the officiating clergy- 1 man. I could not be a psrLy to such irreverent, proceedings. On the following morning letters reached mc from two parishes in an adjoining ; colony requiring piy services, and asking for a decided acceptance or refusal. 7 asked myseir '-shall 1 remain at St. David's with the pros* pcct of eoutinunl insult and annoyance, or shall I avail myself of the door of cecape so fcason ably opened to me ? Noopology being offered to me, and no guarantee being afforded of peace for tbe future, I sent in my resignation. For, in addition to tlie hopelessness of being able to labour usefully in the midst of scenes like these, I felt! that the Incmnlicnt "could" protect me from such nunovaiices if he thought proper to do so; and the abscnce of such protection I regarded •{inclusive evidence tliat I did not pones* his lial sympathy. My |»osIti<in was no longer tenable. Only one other point deserves notice. ) haveI>OOM represented us being indifferent to a family riuriug affliction. With regard to the late Mr. Packer be was diligently visited by tlie Archdeacon, and it Is not customary for two cicrgymcn knowingly to visit the same person. J was glad to hear of his penitence for his conduet towards myself, and had I been nwarc of it I should have hastened to assure him of mv forgiveness. I also indulged & hope that his children would have been benefitted by this useful lesson. And with rcspect to tbe visitation of his family, I had called twice at the house, and knocked without being'able to gain admittance, although f could near persons talking inside, and from (hat 1 concluded that my visits were not desired. I can most conscientiously affirm that during my residence among you, I have aimed at being a useful preacher, a diligent pastor, a prudent and upright mnn in all my private business matte re, and to act with kindness and charity to all. To the best of my knowledge and belief I have succeeded, with the exception of " one family." The rev. gentleman, in some further remarks, alluded to the points in the addresses which had buen so kindly presented ; especially the reference to MrsjWatejn, to whose humility aud activity in good works, be bore testimony, and continued hy thanking the meeting for their expression of sympathy. Ho regretted that he had not been able to visit so much as he could have wished, lie thanked the tnembers'oqtlie llible classes for their kindness, courtcsy, and punctual attendance. He alluded to the importance and advantages of liililc classes, as a means of grounding the young people in a knowledge of God's holy wnr.i. In tlie so of his address hcofleredsomesuitahle adto the mbmlttrs, and expressed thehopc tliat arrangements would be made for continuing the bible classes. He concluded by thanking the ladiesfor the address and presentation, which, he said, had taken him by surprise, lie had frequently received tokens of their kindncst, of which Mrs Watson and Iiiinself felt deeply sensible. He asked them to remember them their prayers tliat by his means the gospel might be preached with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. (Applause). The Dismisrion Hymn was then sung, and any of the company having goue forward to shake hands with Mr. and Mrs Watson, the proceecings terminated. 