TTTTC TWO aTSTOBS (From " Collins's Rambles Beyond Railways.") Our wanderings, however, though useless enough iu one direction, procured us this compensating advantage in another ; they led us accidentally to tho exact scene of the legend which wo knew to he connected with this part of tho valley, and which had, indeed, first induced us to visit it. We found ourselves standing boforo the damp, dismantled stono walls of a solitary cottage, placed on a plot of partially opeu ground, near the outskirts of the wood. Long dark herbage grow about the inside of the ruined little building ; a toad was crawl ing where the leaves clustered thickest, on what had once been the floor of a room ; in every direction corruption and decay wero visibly battening on tho lonesome place. Its aspect would repel rather thau allure curiosi ty, hut for tho mysterious story associated with it, which gives it an attraction and au interest that arc not its own. Years and years ago, when this desolate building was a neat comfortable cottage, it was inhabited hy two ladies, of whoso histo- ries, and evcu names, all tho people of the district were perfectly ignorant. One day they were accidentally found living in their solitary abode, before anyone knew tlioy had so much a3 entered it, or that tlioy existed at all. Both appeared to he about tho same ago, and both were inflexibly taci turn. One was never seen without the other, if they only left the house, they left it to walk in the most unfrequented paths of tho wood ; they kept no servant, aud never had a visitor; no living souls but themselves ovor crossed the door of their cottage. They procured their food and other necessaries from tlio people iu tho nearest village, pay ing for everything they received as it was delivered, and neither asking nor answering a single unnecessary questions. Their man ners were gentle, hut grave and sorrowful as well. The people who brought them their household supplies, felt awed and uneasy, without knowing why, in their presence ; and were always relieved when they had dispatched their errand and had got well away from the cottage and the wood. Gradually as month by mouth passed on, and the mystery hanging over the solitary pair was still not cleared up, superstitious doubts spread widely through the .neigh bourhood. Harmless as the conduct of the ladies appeared to be, there was something so sinister and startling about the unearthly seclusion and secrecy of their lives, that people began to feel vaguely suspicious, to whisper awful imaginary rumours about them, to gossip over old stories of ghosts aud false accusations that had never been pro perly sifted to the end, whenever the inhabi tants of the cottage were mentioned. At last they were secretly watched by. the less scrupulous among the villagers, whom in tense curiosity had endowed with morbid courage and resolution. Eveu this proceed ing led to no results whatever, but increased rather thau diminished this extraordinary mystery. . The expertest eavesdroppers . who had listened at the door, broaght away no infor mation with them for their pains.: ..Snms. declared that when tho ladies held any eon-, vernation together, they spoke in so Iowa tone that it was impossible ' to distinguish a wa-J n,w said. Others, of mure imagina tive temperament, promoted, on tiho contrary that their voice were perfectly audible, hut that. the. language they talked was some mys terious diabolical language of their own, incomprehensible iu vo„yhndy hpt them selves. One or two expert or daring Vspies had even contrived to look in at them through the window, -unperceived : but -had seen nothing uncommon, nothing supernatu- raJ- Vnotbing, in short, beyond the spectacle of two ladies sitting quietly and silently by their own fireside. So matters went oh, until one day univer sal agitation was excited in the neighbour hoods by a rumour that one of the ladies was dead. The rustic authorities immediately repaired to the cottage, accompanied by a long train of eager followers : and found that the report was true. The surviving lady was seated by her companion's bedside, weeping over a corpse. She spoke not a word ; she never even looked up at the villagers as they entered. Question after question without over eliciting an answer ; kind words were useless — even threats were equally inefficient — the lady still remained weeping by the corpse, and still said nothing. Gradually her inexorable silence began to infect the v isitors to the cottage . Tor a few moments nothing was heard in the room hut the dash of the waterfall hard by, and the Binging of birds in the surrounding wood. Bitterly as the lady was weeping, it was now first observed hy everybody that Bhe wept silently that she never sobbed, nor even sighed under the oppression of her grief. People began to urge each other supersti- tiously, to leave the place. It was deter mined that the corpse should be removed and buried ; aud that afterwards some new expe- dient should be tried to induce the survivor of the mysterious pair to abandon her inflexible silence. It was anticipated that she would have made some sign, or spoken some few words when they lifted the body from the bed on which it lay ; but even this proceeding produced no visible effect. As iho villagers quitted the dwelling with their dead burden, the last of them who went out left her iu her solitude, still speechless, utill weeping, a3 they found her at first Days past, and she sent no message to any ono, Weeks elapsed, and the idlers who waited about the woodland paths where they knew she was once wont to walk with her companion, novor saw her, watch for her as patiently as they might. Prom haunting tho wood, they soon got on to hovering round the cottage, aud to looking iu stealthily at the window. They saw her sitting on the same seat that she had always occupied, with a vacant chair opposite ; hor figure wasted, her faco wau already with incessant weeping. It was a dismal sight to all who beheld it — a vision of affliction and solitude that sickened their hearts. No oue knew what to do ; tho kindest | hearted people hesitated, the hardest hearted people dreaded to disturb her. AVhile they were still irresolute, the end was at baud. Ore morning a littlo girl, who had looked in at the cottage window in imitation of her elders, reported, when she returned homo, tint she had seen the lady sitting in her ac customed seat, hut that ono of her bauds hung strangely ovor tho arm of tho chair, aud tint she never moved to pick up her pocket handkerchief, which lay on tho ground beside her. At those ominous tidiugs, tlie villagers ummoned their resolution, and immediately nd went to the loucsouio cottage in the wood. They knocked and called at the door— it was not opened to them. They raised the latch and en tered. She st'll occupied her chair ; her head was resting on one of her hands ; the other hung down, as 'the little girl had told them. The handkerchief, too, was on the ground, and was wot with tears. Was she sleeping? They went round in front to look. Iler eyes were wide open : her drooping hand, worn almost to mere bone, was cold to touch as the waters of the val ley stream on a winter's day. She had died in her wonted place : died in mystery and solitude as she had lived. They buried her where they had buried her companion. No traces of the real history of either the one or the other have ever been disco vered from that time to this. Irregular Paddy. — No irregular effort i8 distasteful to an Irishman of the lower classes' not if it entails on him the loss of a day's food and the loss of a night's rest ; the actual pleasure of tho irregularity repays him for all this, and he never tells that this or that is not his work. He prefers work that is not his own. Female Printers. — We understand that tho Queen has expressed to Miss Emily Faithfull her approbation of the work which has just been published at tho Victoria Press, 9, Great Coram- street. 'The Victoria Regia' (a royal 8vo.) is a volume of contributions, in prose and verse, by some of the most eminent authors of the day, such as Tennyson, Thackeray, Trollope, Veuablcs, &c.;, edited by Miss Adelaide Procter, who is well known as the authoress of ' Legends and Lyrics.' Her Majesty wishes Miss Faithfull every success in the laudable undertak ing by which a new branch of industry is ODened to the female nortion of her snhiooln ' Daily News.' Birds and Insects. — At the late agricultural meeting at St Gallon, in Switzerland, Baron von Tsohudi, the celebrated Swiss naturalist, dwelt on the important services of birds in the destruc tion of insects. Without birds, said he, no agri culture and vegetation are possible. They accom plish in a few months the profitable work of destruction which millions of human hands could not do half so well iu as many years ; and the sage, therefore, blamed in very severe terms the foolish practice of shooting and destroying birds, which prevails more especially in Italy, recom mending, on the contrary, the process of alluring birds into gardens and cornfields. Among the most deserving birds he counts swallows, finches, titmice, red tails, and others. The naturalist then cites numerous instances in support of his asser tion. In a flower garden of one of his neighbours three rose trees had all been suddenly covered with about 2,000 tree lice. At his recommends- tioa a marsh titmouse was located in the garden, which iu a few hours consumed the whole brood, and left the roses perfectly clean. A rcdtail in a room was observed to catch about 900 flies in an hour. A couple of night swallows have been known to destroy a whole swarm of gnats in 15 minutes. A pair of golden crested wrens have been known to carry insects us food to their nest lings upon an average of 36 times in an hour. For the protection of orchards and woods titmice are of invaluable service. They consume, in particu lar, the eggs of dangerous pine spiders. One single female of such spiders frequently lay from 600 to 800 eggs twice in the summer season, while a titmouse with her youug ones consume daily several thousands of them. Wrens, nuthatches, and woodpeckers often dexterously fetch from the crevices of tree bark nnmhero nf insects for their nestlings. — ' Once a Week.' OllUURLfl U iilAUBOI IN SUSSEX. — ji. trai gedy of a most heartrending character was enacted on Thursday at the village of Slaugham, situated at a distance of about six miles from Hajrwurd'o Uotvii.. iorwouici appear that for some time past a Mr Agate has occupied a farm in the village, and with him resided (amongst other persons) his wife/and two children, aged respectively five and/six years; and from the general de meanour and. behaviour of the family, the whole of its memhera .were much respected. Mrs Agate has for some ohort period been indisposed, though ho serious results were her friends much uneasiness, and in"consl®" quence she was pretty carefully watched by those around her. Things continued to pro ceed in this manner until Thursday when, shrieks were heard to proceed from the farm house. An alarm having been given several persons went to the house, and after a slight difficulty succeeded in effecting an entrance, the greatest consternation and horror, were caused by the Bcene which presented itself, The body of the youngest of the children, a girl, was found in a bed room lying in a pool of -blood, '.which was still flowing copiously from a frightful gash iu the throat, evidently inflicted with a table knife found near the body. The boy, the eldest of the two, was found in a state of insensibility in the same room, also suffering from wounds about the neck and throat, which bled profusely. On a further search, Mrs Agatel was discovered with wounds in her throat, which bled pro fusely, but neither of the latter was dead. Medical assistance was immediately called in from every available source afforded by the surrounding district, and . information was sent to. the police several members of which body soon arrived, and at once took charge of .the premises. The medical gentlemen who arrived at the scene of this tragic oc- currence immediately made an examina tion of the injured persons, and in the case of the younger child it was clearly evident that death must have taken place some time, and from the nature of tho wounds there was no doubt that it must have been ' instanta neous, for on a minute examination of the injured part it was found that the whole of the muscles of the neck (excepting thoBe immediately connected with tho vertebras), as well as the vital arteries, wore divided. From all the appearances it would seem that the cut had been Bharply and vigorously made, as the head was all but severed from tbe trunk. "With rogard to the boy, although life still existed, the severe nature of his wounds, from their critical position, create great anxiety in the minds of the professional gentlemen as to the result of the attack which has been made upon him. He was quite insensible when found having lost a great deal of blood, and is not considered out of danger. From tbo nature of the wounds it would appear that they were in flicted by a razor, and this impression is confirmed by the fact that in the hand of the mother was such a weapon when sho was found- Tho mother was suffering from sevore wounds in the throat, but these wore not of so severe a nature as in the case of the older child, and immediate danger is not apprehended, although considerable doubts exist as to whether she will recover from the injuries manifestly inflicted upon herself. The government of Baden appears decided to set the example of suppressing tbe gaming-houses. The present Minister at the German Diet is oue of tlie most ardent promoters of that measure. It appears that the existing agreement is in force until tho year 1870, but that from 1858 both parties have tlie right to annul it. A letter from Cabool states that Sultan Ahmed Jan, the rulei of Herat, has established friendly claiions with At'zul lthan, the Dust's son, and osolved to throw off his allegiance to the king dom of Persia. 