* "WELCOME HOME TO YOU. FROM THE Nation. A hundred thousand welcomes, and 'tis time for you to come from the far land of the foreigner, to your country and your home. Ah long as we are parted, over since you went away, I never passed a dreamless night or know an easy day. Do you think I would reproach you with the sorrows that I bore J Sure the sorrow is all over, now I have you here once more ; And there's nothing but the gladness and the love within my heart, And the hope (so sweet and certain that again we'll never part. Did the strangers come around you with true heart and loving hand Bid they comfort and console you when you sickened in their land? Had they pleasant smiles to court you, and silver words to bind ? Sad Uley hearts more fond and loyal than the hearts you left behind ? There's a quiver on your proud lip, and a paleness on your brow ; Maybe if they had so lived you, you would not be near me now. Oh I cruel was the coldness which my dear king's heart could pain I Oh 1 blesses was whatever sent him back to me again I A hundred thousand welcomes 1 how my heart is Rushing o'er "With the love, and joy, and wonder, thus to see your face once more; How did I live without you, through these long, long years of ' was It seems as if 'twould kill me to be parted from you now. You'll never part from me, darling there's a premise in your eye J I may tell you while I'm living-you will watch me when I die And if death but kindly lead me to the Massed home on high, "What a hundred thousand welcomes shall await you in the sky ! MAST, I And hither they will flock' again, the ghosts of things that are no more, "While, streaming down the lattices, the rain comes sobbing to the door : I "While streaming down the lattices, The rain comes sobbing to the door, The tempest-trodden wastelands moan-the trees are threshing at the blast ; And now they come, the pallid shapes of Dreams that perished in the poRt ; And, when we left the windows up, a mothered whisper round us strays, Like some lone wandering voice from graves that hold the wrecks of bygone days. tell you that I wore the storm, for think we not of thoughts of yore, When, streaming down the lattices, the rain comes sobbing to the door When, streaming down the lattices. The rain comes sobbing to the door I We'll drink to those we sadly miss, and sing some mournful song we know, Since they may chance to hear it all, and muse on friends they've left below. Who knows if souls in bliss can leaTC the borders of their Edenholme But that some loving one may now above the ancient threshold roam Oh ! like an exile, he would hail a glimpse of the familiar floor, Though, streaming down the lattices, the rain comes sobbing to the door Though streaming down the lattices, The rain comes sobbing to the door 1 