COUNTRY NEWS. Windeyer, February 18. — Our correspondent writes : — ' The orchards this season have yielded a large quantity of fruit, which is now sola cheap. Vegetables and other garden produce have alsn been very plentiful. The Chinese on the Meroo carry on the gardening on a very extensive scale, and numbers nf them linvp hpAn unn hnwkintv their nrnduefl in thfi town and neighbourhood. The news from the Lachlan end Lambing Flat does not seem to excite much interest here, sb our population is daily on the increase by new arrivals from those quarters. The vreather has been unusually hot for the last few days, and but little rain. Mining affairs are improving. { Mountain Morals.— In the course of our journalistic career, we have frequently adverted to the fact that there are regions of this colony whoso sparsely scattered population, whilst presenting the externals ol' decency, whenever occasion brings them into towns and cities, are living in a state of practical heathenism, as far removed from accepted ideas of civilised and Christian existence as the darkness of midnight from the glare of the noonday sun. We are led into this reflection by a perusal of the evidence given before the Carcoar Bench, in the case of wilful murder preferred against John Peisley. From the testimony of the hrst witness, we leam that his father was a publican at Bigga, at whose house Peisley, the notorious outlaw, was a visitor, passing to and fro unmolested, both prior, and subsequent to, the murder. He was accompanied by an Abercrombie storekeeper named WilBon, who was drunk ; and he himself was not sober. On the dBy of the murder, Peisley was twice at hiB house, and, notwithstanding the position he held towards the law and the country, appeared to possess a perfect immunity from every species of in terference. We next see the prisoner at Benyen's residence, partaking of the hospitality of the man whom he stands accused of murdering. He challenges him to jump or fight for a wager— finally, strikes him, and thus brings about a cosfliet, during which his revolvers are taken from him and secreted. Here stood the notorious bushranger and outlaw, and teiior of the police, whose career had been one tissue of crime and outrage, at the mercy of those about him ; yetas inM'Guiness' case, no effort was made to secure and hand him over to the authorities. Kay, the widow of the murdered man admits that her husband could have done Peisley an injury if he thought £ roper, by which we may assume that, if so disposed, e could have assisted in procuring his capture. Abercrombie morals, however, forbade it. Finally, the outlaw's revolvers are restored to him, and Benyen pays the forfeit with his life. Of the drunken storekeeper's evidence we have a few words to say. In his deposition made at the inquiry into the cause of Benyen's death, he had stated that he saw Peisley shoot Benyen ; at Carcoar, that he did not, as Peisley was on one side of him when the shot was fired. He never heard the prisoner say that he had a grudge againBt the Benyens, but that he had a menage for them ; ' had known prisoner a good many years, and alwavB considered him an honourable, upright man.' The idea of an honourable, upright buBhranget and highway robber we should have supposed to be too much for the stomach of even an Abercrombie storekeeper, Clearly, such mountain morality as Mr. Wilson's would be none the worse for a little shepherding. To sum up, Peisley, the outlaw, who had for months filled the country with terror and alarm, stood un armed in the presence of five or six men, threatening to ' moke b— — y riddles through them' ifheoould get his revolvers ; yet no attempt was made to Becure the vapouring ruffian. So much for the courage and morality of the Abercombie mountaineers! The facts we have now narrated,* and the tragedy which is the consistent finale, speak plainly enough their own comment. We have for years been aware that the gullies and fast., nesses of the Abercrombie Mountains were the harbour and refuge of a fiorde of cattle and horse thieves, who have committed their depredations in defiance of laws and authority— as if, in fact, there were no euch influences in existence. In fact, the Abercrombie is, in every sense, the ultima TAule of the West, and has added to its laurels by sheltering and protecting one of the greatest miscreants who ever escaped the gallows, until he has fairly earned : their stern, sad monition. It iB hieh time that this sink of iniquity was freed of a large portion of its chronic rascality, A few troopers, who can wear their uniform for some better purpose than mere pay, and are not afraid at the eight of a revolver, would be better employed in occasionally patrolling the Abercrombie Ranges than drilling themselves into eh ope in Bathurst lor no possible purpose of profit that we are aware of. The case is worthy the serious consideration of the Government.— Bathurtt Timet of . Saturday. The Chinese. — On Wednesday last, any stranger ] coming into the town would naturally have imagined that he had got by mistake into Amoy, Hongkong, or some other city in the celestial empire. The Chinese were parading the streets of Braidwood on that day in droves, and appeared as if they intended to take the Court House by storm. Upon inquiry we ascertained that the Clerk of Petty Sessions was holding a levee for the purpose of giving to the hordes of Mongolians in attendance tickets whereby they may escape the tax imposed upon all new Chinese immigrants under the Act recently passed. They were most pressing i in their endeavours to obtain 'tickets of leave,' ana when they found that Mr. Hogg and two con stables were stationed at the Court House to prevent them from coming _ ia too numerously at one time, they immediately attempted another dodge to outwit the police, and numbers of them went round to the back ot the Court-house, climbed the fence, and obtained ingress by these means. For some hours hundreds of them were huddled up under the Court-house fence like a fiock of sheep, and the moment one could get through the gate the whole mob tried to follow. _ Mr. Cle tnenger and two assistants were kept scribbling as hard aB they could go till four o'clock, at which hour j the Court-house is supposed to be closed, but in con sequence of there being at that time so many Chinese still waiting to be served, the issuing of tickets was kept on for another hour, when it was notified to the Chinese by the interpreter that.no more tickets could be given that day; but John was net easily shaken eff^ a small squad collected against the door and begged hard for their tickets declaring that they had come all the way from Araluen, and had to return that night. The veto as to closing was accordingly revoked for a time, and tickets were given to all these supposed Araluenites, but who in reality came from Moreing's Flat, ana kept grinning at the success of the trick they had played. On Friday, Mr. Clemenger issued an im mense number of tickets, and we think that there cannot now be many more left to serve.— firaHaood Ditpateh, What Fbee Selection is doino vi the Clarence River. — The Clarence and Richmond Independent Bays ; — The banks of the Clarence show conspicuously the advantage of the late free selection purchases. The little steamer Ulmarra went down the river on Tues day laden with bricks, battens, and shingles, for building purposes on Woodford island. Four farms are being cleared on the opposite side of the Elbow. 100 acres have been taken up by a Presbyterian clergyman (at present residing at Lawrence) at Farmer's Island, and on many other portions of land. The cleared spaces indicate the earnestness with which the new purchasers are advancing their interests, and giving indications of future welfare and prosperity to the district, A Isrge number of white ash staves have been re cently made at the Elbow bv Mr. Stewart. .'Although the taking up of the lands will probably interfere with this branch of trade, there is a very considerable de mand both for the district and the Sydney muket, for the staves of the white ash. Mr. Brlce, at the Elbow, has a large quantity of ironbark tree out and squared on the beach readv for shipment, intended for the new Circular Whart at Woolloomooloo, and we haTe no doubt there will be in the course of ano ther twelvemoths full occupation for a second steamer. The hand of industry seems everywhere extended, and the Clarence will soon present a new feature ; the vine, the orange, banana, and other fruits, will supplant tbe picturesque scrub, and all the luxuries of the northern climates will be in rich abundance, Fbee Sbleciion,—' The Braidwood Observer of Wednesday says A number of applications were made at the Land Office yesterday, under the Free Selection Clause, but in the absence of maps by which the boundaries of the land could be defined, or the certainty of their being open to conditional purchase ascertained, they could not be entertained. The only successful applicant was Alexander Fraser of Quean beyan, for fifty-three acres, at Emu Flat near Fairy Meadows, on the Bungendore and Boro Roads. Gold at the Sboalhaven.— Two .parties still continues at work at the Shoslhaven, near Bombalia —or rather Caoura, it being nearer the latter place than the former. The hurgest nugget yet found weighs nearly half an ounce. The men state they are barely earning wages.— Ooutburn Herald. Fbee Selection at Shoalhaven.— The IUawarra Ezpreit states that there have been nearly 4000 acres of land taken up In this district since the new Land 1 JPfll oust info cpwrtijaj, The late Scab Case at Moulauein. — Among those things which, perhapB, are not generally known, we may mention the fact that a moiety of the fine of £400 recently inflicted on Mr. M'Kenxie, of iiun gtinyah, for breaches of the Scab Act, will be handed ovtr to the informer, Mr. Stalloy . We believe that it is generally supposed that fines, imposed on inform i tion supplied by officers receiving a ccruin salarj' from the public treasury, in all cases go to the Con solidated Revenue, but in the case of convictions under the Scab Act it appears to be otheswise arranged. The clause under which this hand si.mc perquisite is secured to Mr. Stalley, ia XV1I1. of 17th Vic., No, 27, and which doeB not seem to have been eince repealed ; the preamble of the new Scab Act (24 Vict., No. 9) providing for the 'renewal and extension ' of previous measures. Tho clause is as follows : — ' All penalties and for feitures incurrtdunder the provisionsof the Act may be sutd for and recovered by any owner or person in charge of sheep or lambs, or by any constable, and shall be paid, one moiety to her Majesty, her heirs, and successors, for the 3-ublic use of the colony, and in support of the Government thereof, and the other moiety to the use of the informer, or party prosecuting, who shall be deemed in all cases a competent and credible witness ; and no penalty shall in any case exceed the sum of enu hundred pounds.' We lliink that tne principle of granting one-half of the penalty in cases of evasion of this important law to the scab inspector or other in former is right enough. It at least lessens the pro bability of bribery and corruption. But if the moiety of the fine is to be handed over to Mr. Stalley under the clauae we have quoted, how is the proviso limiting ? .11 „„„ ? ,n u„ over? We may be somewhat obtuse in interpreting colonial Acts of Parliament, but yet it seems to us that either the scab inspector is not entitled to a moiety of the fine, or that the fine should not have exceeded the Bum of one hundred pounds. — Pattor'al Timet, February 14.1 Police Court, Nellioen. — The late Robbery at the I. S. N. Co.'s Stores, — Charles Woodhead appeared on bail, charged with being accessory to a robbery committed at the company's stores, about the 20th A'ugust laBt. Henry Breen being sworn, stated : I am di&tiict; constable ; I received prisoner Charles Woodhead into custody on the 25th January last ; he was charged by Mr. H. Manning with having a guilty knowledge of a robbery that must have been com mitted about the 20th August last ; I was present when the stolen property was found ; I helped to dig it out of the ground : there were two bolts of calico and other articleB now produced ; prisoner said he knew nothing about them ; he said he would work for Mr. Manning, until Mr. Manning's loss was paid for. Henry Manning deposed : I am agent at Nelii gen for the I. S. N. Co. ; in the month of August last a case of calico, the property of Messrs. Tweedie and Weston, of Braidwood, was taken out of the stores; I did net miSB it until December, when Tweedie ana Weston claimed compensation ; about the middle of January I employed a man to drain a swamp on ISaBt Nelligen adjoining my orchard, and marked out the ground ; after henad been a week at work he came over and told me he had sprung a ' plant ' of calico; I went down the river to the swamp and seut for a constable, who with the man dug out the calico and two empty boxes ; from the Btate in which the CTs were I at once associated the Iobb of edie and Weston's property with that found ; itx August last Robert Marshall was clerk and foreman in charge of the stores, having the key from 20th to 23rd August during my absence in Sydney; under Marshall were Charles Woodhead, Joseph Home, and James Tollis ; these lived in a nut in the immediate neighbourhood of the 'plant;' I remember hearing of Charles Woodhead, when angrily speaking of Mar. shall, saying that he (Marshall) could not afford to pay the halt of cost of goods lost, when ha got the whole ; 1 had no suspicion at the time of anything being wrong at the store ; when I gave Woodhead in charge, he remarked that the store doors were found open on the early morning of the day of my return .from Sydney, but such circumstance was never re ported to me : Tollis and Home were discharged in September, and Marshall in Deoember last. The prisoner was discharged. — - Braidwood Obterver, Febtuary 22. Fish River Creek. — The correspondent of the Bathvrtt Free Frets writes : — A furious storm of wind, rain, and hail passed over this district on Friday, the 14th instant. In the early part of the day consider, able quantities of heavy, dark clouds were observed slowly rising from the horizon, prognosticating au unuaily severe storm. These, however, passed away soon. About 6 p.m., however, arose a strong wind coming from the south ; and by 0 the sky was com pletely overcast. The rain descended in torrents, accompanied by hailstones. Several very old resi denters tell me that within their recollection there has never been a storm so injurious while it lasted, or so destructive in its effects. So far as 1 can glean about £400 loss has been auBtained by the farmers in , my immediate vicinity. Acres upon acres of potatoes | have been completely beaten into the ground. The following Saturday the visitation was repeated and in j some cases completed the previous day's destruction. I have heard of no accidents, although from the j falling of trees a few persons had narrow escapes. More Busbbangino. — On Saturday, a man named Doyle, a licensed hawker, was stopped near the Fish River, by two armed men, and the contents of his cart, so far as they were portable, were carried off. Amongst them was a box of jewellery containing articles valued by Doyle at £70. The men who com mitted the robbery Doyle says staid the night before at Fahey's hut, and he supposes one of them to be Gardiner. Doyle estimates his total loss at about £160.— On Tuesday night, abaut midnight, three armed men, with their faces concealed, came to Mr. Fenwick's inn, at the Sooley River, six miles from Goulbum, and, after bailing up the inmates, ransacked the premises and stole some blankets, wearing apparel, a double-barrelled gun, and two watches, valued altogether at about £26. They beat one of the men who were stopping at the house, and took £1 either from him or another man. Fortunately, they did not get any more money, as Mrs. Fenwick managed to escape with the cashbox. — Ooutburn Herald. Determined Suicide at Kiama. — The Kiama cor respondent of the lUawarra Mercury, writing to that journal on the 20th instant, says : — About mid-day yesterday our town was thrown into a state of alatm and surprise by a report that Mr. Barton, sen., of Primrose Hill, had shot himself. His son, who at the time was in Kiama, and several other persons imme diately hastened to the fatal spot, and soon became aware that the report was, alas, too true. I have not heard the result of the coroner's inquest, but you may take the following as a tolerably accurate account of the tragical event. Deceased, who is said to have been about eighty, and who has resided for many years in this district, was in the morning stirring about the farm on which he lived in his usual state of health — which was generally good— and was even aver at a neighbour's house only a few hours before the fatal act was committed, apparently in good spirits, talking in his ordinary cheerful ana good-tempered strain. About dinner hour a shot was heard in the direction of the garden, and the inmates attracted by it rushed in the direction from which the report come, and there discovered the body lying on the back. On approaching, the horrifying discovery was made that a pistol had been placed to the mouth, and its work of destruction was soon accomplished. The weapon was an ordinary horse piBtol, which had evidently been heavily charged. The body is now, while I am writing, being con signed to its last resting place within the boundary of the Episcopalian Church burying ground in the town. Judging from the condition and comfortable position of the deceased, one can only suppose that he must have been labouring under mental aberration at the time of committing the mh act. Serious Railway Accident.— A painful occur rence took place on the Great Northern Railway, on Wednesday forenoon, at a narrow and dangerous cutting near Black Creek. One of the navvies, named Patrick Duigan, who was engaged at work in the cutting, was standing on a place where the rail way runs close alongside of the wall of rock, when a ballast train came up. The unfortunate man not being able to get out of the way, and the space being too confined to admit of the passage of the waggons clear, the lower part of his body was severely crushed, and one of hiB legs broken. The poor fellow was im mediately taken care of, and euch remedies applied as were procurable, until the return of the train in the evening, when he was forwarded to the Maitland Hospital.— Mercury. Destruction of Wheat by Fibb.— Between ten and eleven o'clock on Sunday night, a shed on the farm of Timothy Killeeo, of Manton's Creek, and I which contained, it is said, about three hundred bushels of wheat, most of which was thrashed and bagged, was destroyed by fire. We hear that only a small portion of the grain was saved, A neighbour ing farmer named Egan has been given in charge of the police by Killeen, on suspicion of having wilfully set fire to the property.— rati Courier. The Haeiour Wobks at Wollonooko— A requi sition to tbe Mayor of 'Wolltmgong has been got up and numerously signed, praying bis Worship to con vene a public meeting for the purpose of memorialising the Government respecting the cessation of the har bour work* *t WoUongong.— Ilhmrra £xprt)t. Floods in the Western District. — The CasBilis corrcppondcnt of the Wetletn Pott says : Our little village was visited on Saturday by a very heavy thunderstorm, which continued all day, with abun dance of rain, and haB caueed a considerable flood on the Munmury. — The Cudpfgong correBpondent'of the earee journal says On Friday night this township was visited by a mcst fearful storm, which caused tho river to rise nearly ten feet in as many minutes. A vast amount of property has been destroyed. Two valuable horses, several cows, calves, and nearly all the poultry in tlic neighbourhood were killed. The bush is literally covered with dead birds, opossums, and other wild animals. For five miles round the heaviest and beBt of the timber is torn up.— Writing to the Post from Coonamble, a correspondent reports The floods in this part of the country have been fearful the river rose very rapidly, sweeping everything before it. The banks which before the flood were eight feet in depth, are now a perfect level, and several houses have been much injured. The dams have suffered fearfully, scarcely any being left stand ing and those that are require repairing. The Western Post reports that on Friday night the district of Mudgee was visited by a storm from the south, which for violence exceeded anything ever experienced in that quarter. The lightning was awfully vivid, and the thunder so loud, as to appal the stoutest heart. So violent was the wind that the largest trees were up rooted, and limbs and branches hurled hither and thither in every direction, at the same time rain and hail fell in such torrents that it was impossible for man or beast to stand against them. Although the fury of the storm was spent in about half an hour, the rain had fallen in such quantity as to cause the creek, which previously was scarcely running, to overflow its banks, which at the spot alluded to were eight feet high. A considerable amount of damage was done. Several huts were un roofed; the road party who had finished their con tract that day, had nearly the whole of their work swept away. Mr. Bloomneld had a number of sheep killed, and would have lost the whole flock had it not been for the exertions of the men at the station. On the following morning the road was found so thickly covered with uprooted trees, that it was with diffi culty a person on horseback could travel. The effect of the storm was seen in Mudgee on Saturday, the river rising three or four feet. A Fact fob the Curious. — Our readers may re member that the skeleton of a man was found in Mr. Clese's paddock, Morpeth, some months since, and that the remains were ascertained, with much proba bility, to have been those of a half-witted person who used to frequent the spot. The bones have since lain in the possession of a gentleman at Morpeth, and we haTc been informed that he, on examining them the other day, found that they were all thoroughly per forated by the white ant. In evcrv direction the little insects had burrowed into the hard texture of the bones, eating their way through them, giving them a honeycomb appearance. How the white ants, generally supposed to be herbivorous or radical in their tastes, came to prefer such a change of regimen, ib more than we can determine. — il^itland Mercury. The Bushbanseb Gardiner. — A person on whom we can pUce reliance, who arrived in Yass on Men day last from Lambing Flat, and who is familiar with the personal appearance of Gardiner, positively asserts that he saw him on that day on the main road on the Yass side of Jones' Creek. Gardiner was in his Bhirt sleeves, his coat being buckled before him on the saddle; he had two revolvers stuck in his belt. — Yatt Courier. Diabolical Outbade. — On Friday night last, about ten o'clock, a hut occupied by Mrs. Williams, the widow of the unfortunate man who, with his mate, was killed in a drive on the flat at the place, situate near the bridge at the Magpie Creek, was visited by some vagabond whose apparent nbjert was fowl- stealing. Being awnko by a noise at the fowl house, Mrs. Williams looked out through a crevice in the building, when she saw a tall man outside, whom she ordered to be off immediately. The fellow then went away, and shortly after Mrs. Williams heard two or three voices in conversation near the creek, which runs about fifty yards from the hut. The man afterwards returned, and was about entering :the fowl-house, when Mrs. Williams went out to him and told him to go away, whereupon he took up a gun which he had standing against the hut, and presented it at the poor woman, who, thinking it to be a stick, and that she was about to be struck with it, raiee-l her hand in defence, and at the same time threw her head on one side to avoid the blow. The scoun drel fired, and MrB. W. received the charge in her left hand, the thumb and forefinger of which were carried away. By this cruel and cowardly outrage a poor widow who, since her husband's death has maintained herself and little one by washing and needlework, is not only maimed for life, but is for a time left in a moBt helpless condition. The ruffians, immediately after the outrage, took themselves off. and, unfortunatelv owing to the darkness, Mrs. Wil liams is doubtful whether she could identify any ef them again. — Ararat Advertiser. The Street Railroads. — What kind or Rails should be Used. — As the time approaches for the building of the street radroads, which have been already commenced in San Francisco, it will be inte resting to know how far the public convenience is to be considered in laying the rails, and what kind of rails ere to be used. By adopting the style now in use on Market-street, the facilities for travel through the narrower thoroughfares, always crowded with vehicles, will be much impeded, as wheels are sure to slide and grate along the edge of the rails for some distance before crossing, and generally it is necessary to turn directly acrOBB the street before a passage oan he effected over the troublesome ridge of iron. ThiB in such streets as Kearny, Dupont and others of that width, would be a continual nuisance, which should be guarded against in advance. The first rails were known as the 'T ' rail, and were followed by the 'groove' rail. These last have been used in the Btreet railroads of New York, Philadel phia, Cincinnati, Baltimore, and Boston, until within a few years, when the latest improvement, the *' Philadelphia city rail,' has been substituted. This, instead of presenting an abrupt bar of iron along the street, has only a single, gradually Bloping shoulder, former the outer edge of the rail, the top of which comes fiuBh with the pavement on tbe outer side, and leaves only an almost imperceptible jog of half an inch on the inside, where again the pavement is on a level half tin inch below the outside, Tne least possible obstacle is thus offered to the passage of vehicles— bo slight that it could scarcely be noticed. The flange of the car wheel passes along the inside of this shoulder and the ear runs more smoathly than by any other invention. This is the only rail which the authorities should allow to be laid in the streets, as it insureB advantages for private travel which can be obtained from no other. Buggies or carriages can follow in the track and turn out without difficulty, at a moment's notice, no ridge or groove confining the wheels. The timber and ties are all below the grade, and are invisible. Since the above was in type, we have been reliably informed that one of the city rail road companies Has already decided upon adopting this rail, and has ordered it from Philadelphia, where it iB principally manufactured. The iron weighs forty five pounds to the yard, or seventy tons to the mile, and costs about 76 dollars per ton, laid down in San Francisco. When the laying of the rails will be commenced is uncertain. The OmnibuB Company have graded their route and laid the ties and timber on Third- street south to the water, and also on Howard-street, between Seventh and Eightb, where the work is Btill going on. The Tucker-Hitchcock Company have a portion of the ties and timbers laid on Fourth-Btreet, their southern terminus. As both companies have about two years in which to complete their engagements it is probable that these prelim* inarieB are only to meet the requirements of the franchises, which «pecify a certain time within which the work must be commenced. As the city railroad enterprises seem to be settled upon as fixed facts, let public convenience be consulted, by all means, in the manner of their construction. — Alta California. Table- turning a Century aoo. — Some years ago after the astoniBhing transactions, and when the Stockwell Ghost had begun to fade and be no more heard of, this same Ann Robinson made a private confession to a gentleman capable of enjoying a practical joke even when it bordered (as this cer tainly did) on downright wickedness. She put long horse-hairs to some of the crockery, and wires under others : on pulling or touching these, of course the moveables fell. When she saw the effect of her first feats she was tempted t b exercise her dexterity beyond tho original purpose for mere amusement. She loosened the hams and bacon, attaching them by the skins, which soon gave way ; and she threw a chemical powder into the pail of water as she passed, after which it bubbled. She managed to throw down several articles with her own handB, and when the victims turned and saw them broken or in motion, they attributed it to an unBeen agency. Ija short, the only magic was the dexterity of tbesupposed witch, and (a very large feature in the case) the alarm of the specta tors, whose terror at the time, and their conversations afterwards, magnified many of the circumstances and invented others, and -were too full of their own drew of supernatural agency to be capable of examining anything, or even of a moderate degree of observation. ?~Ontt a Wttk. 