THE NEWS OF THE DAY. A. public meeting ot the electors of the East Bourke Boroughs, convened for the purpose vof bearing from the Hon. R. Hcales, M.L.A., the ?representative of the district, an exposition of his proceedings during the late session of Parlia ment, was held yesterday evening at the Court House, Brunswick. Mr H. Bastings, the chair man of the municipality, occupied the chair. There was a large attendance, the Court House being crowded, and the hon. gentleman met -with a warm reception ' from his au dience. Ho reviewed in detail the circum stances connected with the late general elec tion and the incidents of the last Parliamen tary campaign, showing that the programme submitted by the late Ministry had received the ?support of the country; and also, that the Minis ter had endeavored to carry out that programme upon the assembling of the House. He then pro -wcded to narrate the action he had personally taken, as a private member, after the retirement ?of the late Ministry, and in particular referred to his attempts to improve the Land Act, the support he had given to Torrens' Act, and tig introduction of tho Education Act. He reviewed the provisions of this last mentioned Act in detail, and showed the advantages it was ?calculated to confer on the country by the sub stitution of a smaller number of schools, of high ?character, for the present numerous, badly at tended, and inefficient establishments. He de fended himself from certain imputations made -writb. regard to his motives in introducing the bill, and concluded with the statement that his. one object was to do away with sectarian pre ferences in favor of any denomination. Jtr J. B. Holla moved a resolution, expressing the satisfaction of the meeting with the proceedings of the hon. gentleman during the past session of Parliament, more especially taking into consi deration his introduction of the bill relating to ?education. Mr Anketell seconded the motion, and: it was carried without a dissentient voice. The' result was received with loud aj-plause. A ?vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the proceedings terminated. A.' reward of one hundred pounds is offered in last night's Government Gazette, for tho apprehen sion, of the. three men who stuck up the store of Mr Wales at the Reservoir, Maryborough, and fired' at and dangerously wounded Mr Quin, who ?waa.on the premises at the time. A free pardon is also offered to either of the offenders that ?will give the required information, provided it is not the one who fired at Quin. The, , following particulars are given to aid detection. The property stolen consisted of £9 in cash, about one ounce of gold, and five pairs of ?elastic-sided boots. The first man (supposed to be one WeBt) web about twenty-eight years of age, five feet six inches high, of medium build, with sandy hair and whiskers worn round the chin, small moustache, and a boil on the right side of the face ; he wore a brown tweed coat, moleskin trousers, blue cloth cap, and a mask over his face. The second man was of about the same age and height as the first, slightly built, and with faco blackened ; he wore a grey tweed coat and black bell-topper hat. The third man, not otherwise described, hud a veil over his face, and wore a white deerstalker hat. Each man carried two single-barrelled pbtols. We have/« by the Rangatirn, our files from Sydney to the 8th inst. On the 5th, Mujor General Sir Thomas Pratt inspected, the Volun teer Corps. There were present, rank and file, 883 men, and a largo concourse of spectators also gathered to witness tho event. Tho troops JiAving been jut through their various evolu tions, the Major-General addressed the assembled ?corps, complimenting them on the efficiency they had displayed, and recommending the rifles to learn the garrison gun exercise, which was taught In all infantry regiments. Our fileB from Queensland are to the 1st inst. The intelligence, however, is oi no great im portance. We are in receipt, via Sydney, of our Califor nian files to the 17th of May. Extracts from the papers will be found in another column. Mr Loader, we understand, has resigned Iub appointment as commissioner for inquiring into the present state of the gold-field?, and Professor M'Coy has been appointed his successor. Tito inquest on tho body of John Turner, whec1 ?wriglit, of Prahron, was resumed yesterday, at the Allnon Hotel, Chapel street. Hugh Gribbon, and JameB Edney. King, attendants in the ward, of the Yarra Bend Asylum where the ?deceased was confined from the 18th of Juue to the 27th ot the same menth, were exa mined aa to his treatment at that institu tion, »nd the circumstances attending his arrival 'to and departure from there. Thomas Smith, slight attendant having charge of the same part ? -of the. building, was also examined as to his con dition and treatment ; and Dr Bowie wa3 reexa anined on some points in his former depositions. At a quarter -past four the inquiry was further adjourned to nine a.m. ou Monday, the 14th in aianU ..?..?; A r-eturh published in the Government Gazette ?of last evening gives the ages of the population of ?Victoria.. The total population is stated at 510,322, of which.328,651 are males and 211,671 -females.. The respective ages are classified as follows : — XFeder »ne year, 16,606 males and 10,327 females ; «n out year and under two yewe, 9263 males und 8017 females ; over two years and under thiceyerjs, 9255 males and !UG8 females; over three years and under four years, 8710 males and S7i0 femabs ; over four years und under five years. 8166 males and 8215 females ; over five jeaTS and under six years, 72S9 males and 724S females i over six yeard and under neven years, G255 males and 0E53 females ; over seven years and under eight years, 5169 males and 6075 females; over eight year3 and under nine year?, 3060 mules and 4123 femaics ; over nine jcur3 and under ten yratp, 3775 mcle3 and 3918 females ; over 10 years and under 11 years, 3S9S males and 400G females! over 11 years and under 12 years, 3311 miles and 3338 females; over 12 years and under 13 years, 36.00 males and 3502 femdes; over 13 years and under 14 years, 3093 males and 3062 ftvnales; over 14 years and under 15 ye.ire, S409 males and 31C0 females ; over 15 years aud under 20 years, 10,525 males and 10,193 females ; over 20 years and under | 21 years, 5316 males and 4314 females; over 21 years and under 25 years, 27,517 males and 18,217 females; over 25 years end under 30 years, 53,196 males and 26,707 females ; over 30 years and under 35 years, 48,200 males and 20,006 females ; over 35 years and under 40 years, 30,271 males and 13,108 females ; over 40 and under 45 years, 22,319 males and 9,477 females; over 45 years and under 50 years, 12,296 males und 5200 femnliB ; over 50 years and under 55 years, 88S3 males and 3981 females; over 65 years and under CO years, 4114 males and 1958 females ; over 60 years and under 65 years, 3)57 males and 1670 females; over 65 years and under 70 years, 1120 males and 573 females ; over 70 years and under 7fi years, 695 males and 339 females ; over 75 years and under 80 years, 233 males and 118 females ; 80 years and upwards, 171 males and 73 females ; unspecified (adults), 3824 males and 453 females ; unspecified (children), 140 males and 105 females ; unspecified altogether, 824 mules and 113 females. In the Insolvent Court, yesterday, an examina tion took place of Mr Rsbert Huekson, the con tractor. The examination was conducted princi pally with the view of showing that the insolvent had induced Messrs Mills and Cairns to become bondsmen for him, in Mb Bank of Victoria con trict, to the amount of £2500, by representing that he was worth at least £15,000. This Mr Huekson distinctly denied, as also that he had induced the same gentlemen to become sureties for him, to procure a cash credit of £3000 at the Bank, of New South Wales, by representing, after he had called hia creditors together, that he was Btill worth at least £6000. Sir George Stephen, who examined the insolvent, 'said that there was not a partiole of truth in his statement, and that he could bring twenty witnesses to prove the con trary. The meeting was adjourned to give him the opportunity of doing ao, The St. Kilda Police Court was engaged yes terday in further investigating the chargeB brought against the men Dobell and Mason of assaulting with intent several little girls under twelve years of age, the children of respectable parents. There were four charges against Mason, and one againbt Dobell, and both prisoners were fully committed for trial. The prisoners are well advanced in years. The one, John Dobell, has hitherto lived in Clyde street, where he kept a greengiocer's shop; and the other, William Bassctt Mason, who is sixty-nine years of age, and badly deformed, has been keeping a shoe maker's shop in IWkner street. In each case the full charge of 'unlawfully and carnally knowing and abusing' appeared to be esta blished, and the evidence, which was of course unfit for publicntion, also Bhowed that the pri soners had been in the habit of enticing the girls into their places when returning from school, by offering them trifling turns of money and fruit. Tho practice appears to have extended over some mouths before it was discovered. Two of the girls are Bisters. Dr. Mackenzie and Mr Tullett were the sitting magistrates. A serious accident occurred yeBterday morning, at the Roman Catholic buildings, near the Parlia mentary reserve, which are known as St. Patrick's Cathedral. A man named James JLaughlin was engaged on the scaffold, when from some cause he slipped and fell a distance of thirl y feet striking heavily on the roof of the chapel forming a portion of the building. His further descent was stayed by another portion of the scaffolding, and assistance being procured, he was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, where it was found that both his right arm and his left leg had been broken, the latter in two placeB. A very handsome testimonial was, on Thursday evening last, presented by the members of the Williamstown Naval Brigade to Mr Charles Farmer, the leader of the band. Mr Farmer joined the brigade as an ordinary member, and ?when toe division waB placed in the unfortunate position of being unablft to pay for a regular bandmaster, he volunteered his services gratui tously. To his untemitting attention and care in the instruction of tho band-boys is to be attri buted their present ntate of proficiency. The tes timonial consisted of a purse 6f money and a har monium — his favorite instrument — with the fol lowing inscription: — 'Presented to Charles Farmer by the members of tlie Williamstown Division 'Victorian Volunteer Nav-u Brigade, in appreciation of his services as leader of their band.' From our advertising columns it will be seen that the last of the course of lectures, at Erskine Church, Carlton, will be delivered by Mr David Blair, on Monday evening, at half past seven o'clock, the subject of which will be '' The Inquisition in Holland.'' At the East Collingwood Police Court yesterday the cases taken were few in number and of but tri- vial importance. A man named John Wm. Frazer, who had been before committed for lunacy, and who was liberated by the Chief Medical Officer from the Western Gaol last week as cured, was again brought up, and a subsequent display of aberration of mind having been proved, he was ordered to be sent to the Yarra Bend Asylum. A draper's assistant named Watnough was shown to have been guilty of constantly ill-using his wife, and was ordered to enter into a recognizance of £50 to keep the peace for twelve months, and ordered to find two sureties, each of £25. Service will be conducted by the Rev. James Taylor, in the Theatre Royal, on thr afternoons of Sunday, 13th and 20th inst., when collections will be made on behalf of the widow of the llev. S. It. Hughes and the Sailors' Mission. The Rev. John Miller will deliver a sermon to-morrow evening, at John Knox Church; Swan Bton str;et, on behalf of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society. "The Spilt Pearls" is the name of a four- part song which has just been published by Mr George Tolhurst, of St. Kilda, by whom also the music is composed. The words are by Mr R. G. French. It will no doubt form a welcome addition to the musical collections of our fair friends. At the City Police Court yesterday a young man nained Henry O'Neil, of respectable oonneo tionk, and who was originally articled to a sur geon, waB committed for trial- on 'a ? charge of breaking into the shop of Mr G-eo. Kingsland, chemist and druggist, Lonsdale street west, and starting a csue of iurgieal instrument* therefrom. j A respectable looking and rather elderly man named Francis Dyton, was convicted of stealing a coat frcm the County Court in Swanston Btreet. He pleaded want of employment I in palliation of his crime. Ho was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Nat'inniel Clifford, who hao been remanded seve , ral times on a charge of embezzling money from i Mr Scott, a batcher, by whom he wns employed, j was yc3terday discharged ; the bench giving him ? the benefit of a doubt which existed ?ji to whether j , Mr Scott himself was sure that he had not re ceived the money. { An elderly man, named William Harm Smith, who was at one timo a Echoelmaster at Abbots ford, appeared at the City Police Court yesterday, : to answer a charge of forging the name of Messrs Dalgety and -Jo, merchants of this city, to a cheque for £6, and uttering, the same to Messrs ? ' Bullen, clothkrs, in Rusaell etreet. The pri- j soner appeared to feel the position in. which he was placid most acutely, and declined to make [ any statement in his defence, lie was committed j tor trial. Ho was also remanded^until Monday upon another similar charge. The Board of Agriculture have decided upon the best design and specification for a dwelling, house and farm steading for afarm of one hundred and sixty acres, for which they ha i offered a promium of £50, under conditions published in April last. Competitors were requested to furnish their plans before the 16th June ult. The council met on the 18th June, and inspected the designs sent in; but, considering their importance, and the necessity for a full examination of them in detail, a sub committee, consisting of trie Hon. W. F. Mit chell, M.P. ; the Hon. Fras. Robertson, Jt.P. ; J. U. Riddell, Esq., M.P. ; asd William Lyal), Esq., was appointed to inspect the plans as occa sion might suit, and to form their own individual opinions upon the merits of each. It was decided that a special meeting of the council should bo held on the 2nd July, the sub-committee meeting at an earlier hour on that day to decide upon the most suitable design, and to report thereupon to the council. The eub-committee met, and, after thoroughly weighing the merits of each design, and having reduced the number for com petition to four, it wrs, after much de liberation, ultimately agreed to propose the one with the motto, 'Semper Paratus,' design B, as well deserving the premium offered by the board. After a very careful inspection of the designs brought up by the committee, it was the una nimous opinion of the council that the arrange ments for the farm steading, especially in design B, were so complete, that no suggestions could be offered for their improvement, and the loport.of thia committee was adopted. Another design, with the same motta, was considered almost equal to the former one, and was especially commended. The other designs referred to the council by the committee were considered to possess much merit, and evidently showed that great care and at tention had been bestowed upon them. The motto, ' Semper Paratus,' was then opened, and the name of the successful competitor wa3 found to be A. Purchas, Esq., Temple Court, Melbourne. It is the intention of the Board to have the prize design lithographed, and forwarded to the several agricultural societies iu connection with the Board, along with the specification, so that the farmers can obtain copies on application to the societies. Copies will also be kept at the offices of the Board, for inspection of the farming public generally, and will be at all times accessible at reasonable hours. By permission of the competitors, the designs are now open for the inspection of the public at the offices of the Board, 131 Lonsdale street west. The performances of last night at the Priae;ss'g Theatre were the comedy of ' The Poor Gentle man,' and two farces, 'The Spectre Bridegroom' aud '? Tho Double-Bedded Room.' Of the first piece it is unnecessary to speak at length. Mr JefferBon, as Dr Ollapod, contrives to appropriate to himself the chief interuat. He is the quack to perfection, and his make-up is admirable. Mr Lambert, as Sir liobert Bramble, occupies the second place, but scarcely realises all that his part is capable of. Mr Fitzgerald, as Lieutenant Wort hint? ton — ' the poor gentleman' — is toler able. Miss Rosa Dunn is a very engaging Emily; and Mrs Phillips, as Miss Lucretia Mac Tab, admirably sustains her already cquired re putation in the character. The second piece' 'TheSpeitre Bridegroom; or, A Ghost in Spite of Himself,' is really what the playbills call 'a side-splitting farce.' From the opening to the close of the piece it keeps the houss in a state of up roarious laughter. A cousin of one Nicodemus has died on the eve of, in fact on the road to, his marriage with Gcorgina, the daughter of — Aldioinckle, Esq., of Aldwinckle Hall. Nieodemus, who is a qunker and the very imaga of his dead cousin, goe3 to break the new3 to the family. But Aldioinckle, taking him for the bridegroom elect, will hear none of hi3 explanations, and sends him straight way to supper with the ladles. At this juncture Diggory, Aldwinckle s man servant, arrives, and in the absence of Nicodemus, endeavors to commu nicate to A'.dioincklc the sorrowful intelligence that the bridegroom is dead. Aldwinckle having just seen the bridegroom, as he imagines, alive and well, states the fact. Diggory submits that he has just laid his body out. Aldioinckle looks upon Diggory as drunk, and Dig ory considers Aldwinckle mad. The dispute goes on. Diggory considers his master 'dangerous,' and his rnasler 'never saw a man in such a state of beastly in toxication (as Diggory) in all his life.' They adjourn to the supper room to aettle the dispute by visual evidence of Nicodonus' s corporoal exis tence. Meantime Nicodemus, feeling uncomforta ble, has with quaker-like solemnity declined all refreshment, and midnight approaching, has retired from th-? room, informing the ladies that hehasa'dreadfulsecrettoreve3l,' and to disclose it will revisit them the following night. Aldioinckle, coining in with Diggory, finds him gone, and a consultation being held, the supposition is made by Diggory that Nicodemus may. be ' tho ghost '? of the man he has just laid out. The others, how ever, consider Diggary slightly touched, and will not entertain any such proposition. Diggory is sent after Nicodemus, to. see that he does not break his neck over tho banisters, and to light him to his bedroom. Diggory having laid him out, »s he presumes, considers the errand an absurd one, but is at length prevailed on to go. To his astonish ment, he meets with Kicodemus on the stairs. He rushes back, shaking with fright, his v«y neck-tio standing on end. Nicodemus follows him, but his apparition is only the signal for flight. la vain he seeks to approach anybody ; he is regarded as 'a ghost,' and every fresh appearance is only considered as fre3h evidence of the fact. Plenty of valor is Bhown by the members of the family, by Diggory, and by Captain Vauntington, a Buitor for Georgina's hand, whenever the- ghost is away; but a perfect ' stampede takes place whenever he puts in a» appearance. Nicodemus, not understanding the matter, thinks, himself insulted, and begins to resort with practi cal jokes, which only add to the presumption that he belongs to another world. '? Eventually Laiinia, a cousin of Georgina, ' baring never b»en Afraid of any mas, does not s«e why she should be afnid of a ghost.' She tackles him accordingly, when he rr a'tts love to her. This con- : vinces her that he ia ' mortal,' and Bhe subse- j quently. ' for a consideration,' discloses the fact. ! ' Such is the plot. But the performance to be rea- j , liaed must bo seen. The make-up of Mr Lambert ; ' a3 Aldwinckle, and of Mr Jefferson at Diggory; are | : perfect ; and the forms of terror exhibited by them. ! | both, especially Mr Jefferson as Diggory, are al together protean in their variety, and ludicrous in tho extreme. Nothing could withstand it, and the spectators accordingly abandoned themselves to laughter, renewed and unc: ntrolled, extinguiah able only with the termination of the farce. During tho past week Morton's amusing and musical burletta, ' The Invincibles,' baa been performed at Marsh's Lyceum. This piece affords great amusement to the audience, the princpal scena being a review of Cupid's brigade, in which the troupe showed themselves thoroughly pro ficient in the manual of infantry exercise, the marching and bayonet prp.ctics being performed in a manner which would not throw discredit on a volunteer corps. During the progress of the piece, several songs were given in a very credit able manner, ono of which ' The Bold Soldier Boy,' was sung by Master Marsh, when as Corporal O' Flash, a one-legged invalid, lie be comes slightly elevated through the exhilarating influence of champagne. It was eucored, and the last verses gcod-humoredly repeated. In the interval between the dramatic pieces, Master George Wcston, tho infent Paganini, gave his performances on the violin, which included 'II Silcnza' and tbe 'Cuckoo,' in a really masterly manner. Last night the performances were for the benefit of Miss Jenny Gourlay, when, in addition to the ' Invincibles,' a ro mantic drama, by Charles Reado, entitled the 'Ladies' Battle,' was produced. The fair heneficiairc' s merits were duly recognised by a full house. To-day there will bu a morning per formance of 'tho Invincibles,' and Master Weston's execution on the violin. 