ST. PATRICK'S COLLEGE AND HIS HOLINESS THE POPE. TO THE EDITOR OP THE AGE. SIR, — It is certainly not a bad suggestion that of your correspondent, "One of the duped," to have the affairs of St. Patrick's College brought before his Holiness the Pope ! If this step will not bring a satisfactory result to the creditors in a pecuniary way, will, at least, prove to the world that the Italians are not the only people that have just cause of complaint against priestly misrule ; and that even in Australia, — in a new country at such a distance from the political vices and abuses, of the Court of Rome, amongst a religious and faithful community, rich and prosperous, and devotedly attached to their priests, — grievances of a serious nature arise. The conduct of the clergy in this affair will certainly not tend to give a good principle of morality to the students of that college ; and if the Bishop had the power to appoint its managers, or deplace them at will, how can he pretend to say that he has nothing to do with it ? If mis- takes happen subsequently, in consequence of the appointment of a certain manager, and the Bishop is the sole arbitrer ot the surplus, if any, a moral responsibility on his part cannot, and, if he has been either too confident or negli- gent in looking into its accuracy, this is certainly his fault, as he ought to have appointed a com- mittee or auditor if he could not attend to it him- self during the period of management. In laical matters, whether a company or institution, the head or shareholders have to pay for the errors or misconduct of their managers. In clerical matters shall the press demand exemption ? Is this also a question of privilege? or does here the bishop intend to imitate the upper clergy at Rome, where a tradesman cannot sue in a court of law any priest whatever ; and in this way the one payment of an account is evaded, or not paid under the plea of privilege? What justice can you then expect from people who hold such maxims as his superior at Rome ? As you, Mr Editor, remarked in your valuable article of the 1st inst., that Mr Duffy stated to the House that the land is not vested in trustees as yet, the conclusion is, therefore, that the building is a public property, built on public land, not transferred. A Bill of Parliament will, no doubt, do justice to the creditors, if the Bishop and clergy repudiate the due liability. This disgraceful affair will, no doubt, convince even the Ultra nontarians in this colony, that a priest, however good he might be in religious matters, is in general quite unfit and incapable to manage temporal affairs, and that the Italians are quite justified in emancipating themselves from the tem- poral government of the priests. Let any impar- tial being, whether Catholic or Protestant, look at the condition of the Papal States, and he will find dissatisfaction and discontent in the population. This is not a matter of to- day, a season, or period, but of centuries. The priests have only ruled in Rome, but by aid of foreign bayonets, or paid cut- throats, not by that love and harmony between the ruler and people as you see in all well con- stituted countries. The withdrawal of French troops from Rome will prove whether the Government is popular or unpopular. The worst of governments in the world govern with no foreign aid : however bad and objectionable, the army and majority support it. How is it, then, that, even amongst his sub- jects, the Government of the Pope cannot find a majority, even if paid, in the army to support him ? Because the Italians have been suffering enough from the mismanagement of their affairs ; and, however devotedly they have always respected the head of their Church, they cannot tolerate any longer the misrule of the State by his priest- ministers. And they, too, know well that the day of reckoning is fast approaching ; but to pro- long their power they would rather sell and put under esclavage all Italy to Austria, and even un- der the Grand Turk, if those would undertake to support the Pope on his throne as a temporal sovereign, so that the mismanagement of the State could be carried on a little longer. The providence of God has assisted Italy in all her difficulties, notwithstanding the anathemas of the Pope to the contrary, and the wishes of the Ultramontanist and his supporters. The blood of the thousands of martys who were sacrificed to the Italian independence has germinated the re- demption of this great, and until lately, unfortu- nate country. Apply to the Pope, indeed ! The Pope will refer them to the Bishop, the Bishop to Dr Barry, and vice versa, usque ad nauseam. Could, however, this matter be brought in its proper light before the Pope, I have no doubt that the goodness and honesty of Pius IX (except in governing his sub- jects), would cause an investigation, and see justice done to the creditors. But I am afraid that this great desideratum is nearly impossible, surrounded as he is by those whose interest it is to make him appear bad. Infirm, and nearly seventy years old, with the care of all the spiritual matters of the Church on his shoulders, and the welfare of the two hundred millions of Catholics spread all over the globe, the Pope has enough to do during the day than to attend to the business of the creditors of St. Patrick's College. These trifles are therefore left to the care of his Prime Minister, Cardinal Antonelli, and Monsignor Nardoni, his Minister of Justice and Police. One is the son of a high- way robber, condemned to death as a convicted brigand ; the other is himself a retired galley slave, who passed five years in irons and hard labor, convicted of robbery and forgery. These two worthies are the rulers of Rome at the pre- sent day, and the intimate advisers of his Holi- ness the Pope ! What can the creditors expect from these two individuals when a look is given to the miserable condition and just discontent of the population under their control, can easily be imagined. The Protestant creditors might, however, re- ceive from these two Ministers an answer, that in consequence ot the creditors being heretics, and condemned to a certain doom, it is as well that their money is lost for the good of a Catholic body, and that the finger of God being apparent in the St. Patrick's College affair, they ought to take warning, abjure their errors, and embrace at once the faith of the Holy Catholic Church, the loss of their claim to be considered an account towards their salvation. The Catholic creditors might receive their answer, that they ought to repent of their sins, and the loss of their money as offered towards it, which will partly be compensated by having shorter time to burn their fingers at a future period (if not sufficiently burnt already in the College), and no doubt a Bull and an Indulgence ad hoc will be duly signed, sealed, and delivered, addressed to the Pope's cavalier in this colony, I suppose the hon. the Chief Secretary, Knight of the Holy Ghost, for distribution amongst the creditors, to be read and digested by the believers every even- ing before bedtime, and every morning before breakfast- — ad majorem sacerdotalem gloriam. And so, I suppose, will end the appeal of the creditors of St. Patrick's College to the Pope. — Yours, CIVIS ROMANUS. Melbourne, 7th May, 1862. –––––––––––––– Burnt to Death. — Yesterday, Dr Roche, the district coroner, held an inquest on the body of a child named Joseph Morris, at the residence of its parents, at the Emu Creek. It appeared that on the previous morning, the boy, who was only three years and a-half old, was playing near the fire, when his clothes caught fire. There was only a younger sister in the house at the time, and the boy running outside the house, a man named Julius Kronk, who was at work close by, heard him screaming, and ran to him, but before the burning clothes could be extinguished the boy was so severely burned about the body that he died yesterday morning. The boy's mother, who is deaf and dumb, was within a few yards of the house, at the time of the accident, but not seeing anything of the occurrence, was uncon- scious of the whole affair. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. — Bendigo Advertiser, 10th May. A LETTER from Hamburg states that considerable quantities of vegetables and fruit are regularly imported there from the United States. By the last two steamers 3600 tons of fine fresh apples had arrived from New York for consumption in Germany. — Illustrated London News. 