THE YELVERTON MARRIAGE CASE. DECISION OF LORD AKDMILLAN IN : FAVOUR OF MAJOR YJ3LVEBTON IN BOTH ACTIONS. OounT op Session— Outjjb Housn— 8ud '? '. ',' ' . ' '. , Jdiy. ? ??? Ontho3rd JuryjLordArdinillanpronouncod . tho following intorlooutor trad noto in the con . joinod notions, Yolvorton ngninat Ijongworths — 'Edinburgh, 3rd July, 18G2.— The Lord Ordinary having licnrd, counsel for flio parties, .. nnd raado nvizundum, and considered llio closod record in tho conjoined actions, proof adduced, productions, and tho whole process : —In tho action of declarator of ninrrioge, at tho instanco of Maria TlicrosnJJLonjjworth, pursuor, against tho Honourable Major William Charles Yelvorton, dofondcr : Finds that tho eaid pursuer 1mb not instructed, that sbo m .tho wifo of tho Baid dofoudor : 'l'horcforo nssoilzios tho dofendor, Major Yclverlon, from tho con clusions of tho action of declarator of mniTingo, and deccrnp. In the action of declarator of freedom and putting to silo.ico, nt tho instanco of llio Honourable Major William Charles Yclvorton, pursuer, against Maria Theresa Longworth, defender — Finds, dooorns, and declares against tho mid defender, Muriu Theresa Iiongworlli, conform lo tho conclusions of tho eaid aolion of declarator of froodora and putting to silence: Finds tho said fllajor William diaries Yelvertou ontitlod to oxp'onscs in both tho scparato actions, and in tho con joined actions : Allows an anuount thereof to bo given in, and remits the samp,' when lodged^ to tho auditor to Ini and roporr. ' '? ' (Signod) 'JA8. CuAtJFirnD.' Note. — Tho actions in which tho Lord Ordi nary has pronounced tho nbovo intorlooutor aro conjoined processes, viz ?— An action of ' Declarator of Marriage,' at tho instance of Miss Maria Theresa Lougworth ugninnt tho Honourablo Major Yelverton j and on action of ' Declarator of Freedom and ^putting to Silonce,' by Major Yclverlon ngninst ' Miss Harm Theresa Longwortb. ' Of courao, tho groat quostion —a ; question partly of fact and partly of law— is llio same in both actioiif. Hos tho 'pursuer, Miss Long ?worth, provod that sho is, in tho words of her summons, ' Ilia lawful wifo of tbo defender, Major Yclvorton P' ' This question is undoubtedly of tho most importance to llio law — to tho status and interests of both parties— and to; tho status and interests of other persons, not parties, but necessarily involved in their fate. Tho proof taken in Scotland, England, and Ireland lias been vory extensive and minute, tho corro apondenco is voluminous, though not conlplolc, , and tho elaborato argument of counsel on both /sides has been distinguished by ingenuity, ability, and earnestness. Undor a deep impression of tho extrerao importance, and, in some rcspcota, tho novelty and difficulty of Iho case, tho Lord Ordinary lias given to it l.ia most anxious and doliborato consideration ; first, endeavouring, by ropcatcd perusal of tho record, tho proof, and tho cor respondence, to ascertain aright tho facts to which the law must bo applied; and, 'thon, according to tho best of his judgment, applying to those ascertained fnotf, tho rules of Scottish' law in rogard to (ho constitution of marriage. 'Xho pursuer's grounds of notion, as statod in tho record, aro : — 1st, Marriago by tho intcrohango of consent do presonti ; 2nd, Marriago by 'subsequent!) oopultij 3rd, Mar riago by cohabitation, as husband and' wife, .and habit and repute; and, 4th, Marriago in. Ireland, iu a Roman Catholic Chapel, by a Roman Catholic Priest. ? ' Tho dofondor, on the other hand, denies tho pursuer's averments, in point of fact ; and ho especially denies that thcro wob any intcrohango of mutual consent to marry, or any promise i to marry givon by him, or any copula on tho faith of such a promiso, or any cohabitation as hus band and wifo 'with habit and ropulo, or any marriago corcmony in Ireland valid according to tho law of Ireland, or seriously understood nnd intendod by tho parlies as constituting marriage. In considering tho' effect of tho proof as soaring upon these conflicting statements, great weight has, by both parties, bcon justly attri buted to tho correspondence ; and it has boon* urged on both Bides, and pressed with particular forco by tho Solicitor-General, that, in judging of that correspondence, it is ncccBBary to bear in mind who tho parties wore, how thoy stood related to each other, and what, so far ns dis \- closed) woro their habits, tnstos, and disposi tions. In this observation tho Lord Ordinary entirely concurs. Tho correspondence must bo fairly construed, and its truo menning ascer tained ns far as possible ; and in order to obtain ' an aid or key in construing tho correspondence. tho inquiry in regard to tho parties ongaged in ' it is logitimato and appropriate. Tho dofondor is thosonofanlrish nobleman, i and is an officer in tho Royal Artillory. Tho pursuor is tho daughter of a gentleman, ond is n ' moinbor of a family of rcspeolubility. In regard ' to tho rclativo social position of tho parlies, muoh ovidenco has bcon led; but it is not neces sary to Bay raoro on tho subject than thatthoro is'no sncli great inequality iu that rospcot, as to raiso any strong presumption against tho probability of a marriago. Tho pursuor ap pears from tho cvidonoo to havo boon born, bred, and oducatod as a lady; and, being pos Bossod of great personal attractions and singular talent?, thero was nothing in her position or connections to make it unnatural or impro bable- that sho should bo honourably courted and ultimaloly married by any gentleman. Tho pursuer is English, und a Roman Catholio. Tho defender is an Irishman, and a Protestant. Tho ago of tho parties is not sot forth in llio record, and is not precisely spoken (o by any witness; but in so far as tho fact can bo nicer tainod from tho proof, it appears that they woro vory near tho eamo ago, and woro probably about 27 years of ago when thoy first nut in 1852 — young, certainly, but not in oxtremo youth, and neither of themvery simple or unsophisticated, or unacquainted with tlio world. Major Yolvorton had, in 1852, .bjen nn nfllcor of artillorv for nino vears ; and Iho pursuor, who had bcon educated phiolly on tho Oontinonr, is thus described by her aunt, tlio Countess do Priuany, tho flrot witness called for her: — 'Shu was always oxlromoly virtuous and modest, quiet, und obedient, and I nover had ' any dilliciilty with her. Anything liko n doublo entendre, shocked her, und doe3 oven now.'— Proof, p. 217. Tho defender's counsel has pomtod out 8Omo indications in the proof of a rathor singular flirtation between tho punuor nnd a Dr. Allsop, at Ballsovor, tho lint scono in whioh appears to havo beon enacted only about ' two months boforo sho first met Major Yclvorton in the summer' of 1852. On this subject tho Lord Ordinary maltea no remark, but merely refers to tho proof for tho dofondcr (pages 31W, A ; 100 0 ; 40!), A ; 412, D), and to Iho testimony of tho pursuers ?m *? mi 111 /_ f.f\ I 11 \ n.lin ? witnoss,' Air. xnouvuu vp. uu*, -'/i -?'' 'I havo scin tho pursuor and Dr. Allaop oftontogothor,: I ncvor saw anything in her condiiot towards Dr. Allsop unbecoming ii lady. Tliorowasan undorstunding iu rogard to thoso two being engaged.' Tho pursuor, in one of hor lottors to llio dofondor, thus dcfioribcs horselfi and, in con struing hor letters and hor conduct, tho description whioh sho give3 of horiolf w not without importance:— . 'TliOBlrongest and most prommont point of my oharactcr is tho oxtremo tenuoity of pur pose,— and, I may say, tlio incapacity to relinquish an objcot onco fairly sought. -No obstuolo daunts— no eucriflco appals me— no means, howovor trivial, eioipo me, and struggle only augments my courage When animated by ono idea, I can win my way with any one, and havo under theso circumstances maclo tlio most unpromising pcoplo do tho moat uuhkel things ; but it is seldom I got roused lo this onorgy. I nm usually very quiet and harm less, and too yielding.— (P. 144, D.) The circumstances undor which theao parties first mot aro most important ; and not lees important aro Iho nvermcnls on tho matter whioh tho parlies havo respectively made on record ; because tho truo state of the fuels woro iu tho personal knowledge of both parties. Thcro aro on this point conflicting statements, and thero is no direct cvidonce ; but some light is thrown by tho correspondence on tho question, which of tho two statements iB ac cording to tho truth. In tho first action of declarator raised by tho pursuor in August, 1858, hor averment was:—1' 'About six or sovon years ago tho defondcr ic'camo acquainted with the pursuer at Bpu logno, in France, whero bIio was at tho tiino living with hor brothor-in-law, MonBieur Le Fevro, residing tlioro.'— (P. 236, E.) That Btntement of hor ucqunintanco with tho defondcr commencing nt Boulogne, whilo tho pursuor .was rosiding with Monsiour Lb Fovro, - is not repeated on tho record in tlio prosont notion, and has not been now suggestod as oorrect in point of fact. In tho presont action tho pursuer's averment !b :— 'In tho year 1852 tho pursuor became ac quainted with tho defondcr while travelling from 'Franco to England. Sho was accom panied to. tho steamboat at Boulogne by her brothor-in-law and -Bistor, Monsiour and Aladaino La Fovro, and their servant. ' M. Lo levro requested tho captain of tho steamboat to tnkb.oliargo of tho pursuer, and tho' captain thereupon introduced hor to somd ladies on board, who proved : to bo frionds of tlio de fender, and through whom sho first mado his acquaintance. Tho pursuor was at this timo oh hor way to London to -visit tho Marchioness Do Belinay, Baker Gtrect, Portman square. — Jieuked Coid. in Deal, of Mar., art 2. '-, On tho othor hand, tho defender's i statement oh tho record is :—? ?' ?? ' ?;-. :!-i ? '.'Tho defondor booamo acquainted with tho pursuor in tho summer of .1852, onboard of a steamer in which they happened to bo passon gors from Boulogno to London. Both wore travelling alone. Tho acquaintanceship, liko lo moctinc. was mirolv accidental, there hav ing beon no introduction on either side ; and it was duo to' tho ciroumstanco that hor shawl fell off whon tho defender happenod to bo near, and that ho' lifted it to rephcoit upon her shoulders. '? This- act of politeness led to an oxchango of courtesies, and tlieso woro followed by a oonrorsation, whioh ' kept the pursuor and dcfuiidiir upon tho deck tho groator part of tho night. On the arrival of tho steamer at London, tho pursuer invited tho dofendor to accompany hor to hor lodgings, which ho did accordingly, and ho romainod there with her for sevoial hours.'— Seo. Stat of Fads for Def., art 2. '-???;? i ?. . i Tlicso Btatoments aro direotly conflicting. Tho subject was important and felt to be so. Tho facts could not fail to bo known to both parties. ? . .- Tho pursuer mentions M. and Madame La Ferre,!thoir servant, tho captain, tho ladies on board, and Iho Marohioness do Bollinay. None of thesa nfiraons havo bnnn nnlipd nn \vitnp«iti?ii. nor has any explanation '.been offered on tlio subject. Thoro is nothing in tho corre spondence to support tho pursuer's statement that Iho pursuer made tho defender's acquaint ance through some ladies on board, to whom sho had boon introduced. There aro somo passages in tho correspondence whioh lond to Biipporttho defender's statement that thoy met accidentally and without introduction. \- In ono letter to tho dofender tho pursuor says:— '.-..?, ?' ? ';? i ?'?? :- ? -? i ??:? ' :-.--:? '. ' yVo might have walkod tho ship all night, dud remained strangers, but . accidentally put ting my shawl on for mo, your belt must have a touch, and small causo was sufficient to produce this long oflbot.' '-' ' : : . : Iu another letter she says: — ' I mot yoii by acoident.'— (P; ill, Ov) In another letter sho.snys!— ' ;- : :- ' r ' ; ?- ' ' I pmyed to St; Anthony, and you know ho hus always patronised ub, and connived at our getting together— ho it was who helpod us to find each other in tho dark that first night — whomado ino want letters posted ill-Malta —ho who mado .somebody find out that dark hole in Galala— who mado tho Gonoral's hut havo a poouliar 'attraction. Was it not ?— (P; KM, E.) '.'?-'- Then : the- plaid, whioh .was apparently wrapped round both on that first mooting, is often and pointedly roforrod to in tho lettors of both parties, but neither of them onco refers to any introduction, or: to the 'ladies' through whom' tho pursuer says she mado tho defender's acquaintance. Tho first refcronco to tho plaid is hy tho pursuer, who says : — 'lam sorry Alcido is no longer at . Monas tin, or you might have paid Mm a visit for tho shooting, wlien you go - into Albania. Porlinps I might havo bcon so kind na to oifer mysolfas your escort!.! — been 'vory polite, watohod tho sun riao for you, and given you a part of my pluidio if you had bcon vory good, as I was.' — (P. 90,'D,) '??' ;?-? ':'. : : Tho defendor refers' to tho plaid thus :—?'?;: ; ,' You recollect that plaid that I went' down into the cabin of tho steamer to got; wall, it is horo hanging ovor mybod-os a sort of canopy (for, ds I stated before, tho old tont leaks), and I cannot' holp thinking that plaid still retains some romiuisconco of tho night — tho only night I remember on board a steamor.'; '' ?.?-'.'? 1 Sho replies! — ? _ ! 'lam rejoiced to hoar nowioftho plaid. I inquired about it in fear and trembling in my lust (which yon have not reooived) ; pray do not lose it, or share it with any ono again.' And onco mpro sho says : — ? i : ' 'I Blocp under. tho plaid ; every night, it cives mo ploasant drdams, and makes mo - so happy ; but I am quito afraid ? of your being without it. llow stupid of mo not to think of giving you mino to rephcoit.' ' i ? On considering these and similar expressions in Iho corrfspoiidenoe, particularly in tho pursudr'fl letters, ami' oomparing thorn with thoavormonts of both parties- on reaord'in rcgu'rd to their first meeting, tho Lord Ordinary has folt oompellod to arrivo at' tho conclusion that tlio pursuer's slfttoniont, to tho offeot that thoir ncqiiaintauco was mado' by introduction, and through ladios to whom sho ? had - been introducdl, is not corrcot; and that tho dofonder'B1 statement,- that the acquaintance wu9 incidental and 'Without introduction, is oorroct. ' ?-,?..-' : : That somo months aftor this casual mooting llio pursuer oomnidnood a'oorrospondonco, to whioh tho defender nt onoo vopliod, and that that their first1 meeting was so frequently re oilled to tho '?memory of both, not iu connec tion with mi introduction from ladies, but in oonuoctioii with tho plaid, within whoso folds tho pursuor and dofondor woro wrapped as they sat on dock at night, is ono of iho first and peculiar features of this remarkable oaso. Thoy woro both travolling atono— thoy mot by licotclont— thoy ' found oaoh other in tho dark ' —and tho plaid was tho memorial of thoir mcetiug. . ' ' .' ' ... ir Thoy did not mcot again till tho autumn ot 1855\. whcii-thoy mot at Galatd.; -_ _ ;. ' In tho oo'rro»poiulonco belwoon March 18a3, whon it appears to havo commoncod, and in Augustl855i whon they met at Qalato, thoroaro somo pasBttgosrcquiringobservatipn. Thopartios had boonuuitually ploasod by thoir first mooting —they both ohorishod tho hopo of meeting ngnin — and tho pursuor's talent in _ lotlor writing appears to have inoroasod tho intcreBt and admiration on tho part of the defender whioh thoir first mooting had awukoncd. Hor lottors uro full of talent, and exhibit romarka: bla dexterity. Sho says that sho aimed at marriage, and it is ovident that sho did so, wiEorly, adroitly, porsovoringly, gathoring from every field, tho niatorials for charming, and tho olemimts of jiowor. Somo sovoro remarks on thoao early lottcrj woro mado by tho counsol for tho dofondor. Tho Lord Ordinary, though not thinking tho lottors discreot or becoming, is not disposed to concur in tho sovority of all tho defender's criticisms. At tho samo tune, them aro eouio observations inado by ho which cannot hi thrown out of viow in con sidering tho position which tho pirtios occu pied towards oaoh othor when thoy met at Galula. . ? Tho dofender, in writing to tho pursuer, says — 'My intended futuro (moaning tho plaeo whero ho intended to bo) is, until ihu 20th of Oetobor, Morohampton, Dublin ; and aftor 7th November, Malta.'— (P. 88, 0.) Sho replies— , ' Your future intended, you say, is at Moro hampton, but I am not so curious as to hor whereabouts, as to what she is liko, cto. You ought to tell mo all about it, you know, espooi ally when I'vo boon clovor enough to mako such a good guess.' — (P. 90, F.) ? To this ho rosponds— -.: 'My future linlbndediB liko this O, and her wlioriiabouts.il liko wiso expressed and definod.' — (P. 92, B.) .- ; ? ; .-, ; ? This transposition of tho words ' intended future,' or locality, into '.futuro intended,' a person was obviously calculated and designad to introduce a topio of a sentimental character, euggestivo of lovo and marriago. Tho dofender so considered : it, and, with a frankness and candour for which ho deserves somo credit, ho informs Iho pursuor that ho has no 'futuro intended,' but is ' fionoeo to an nrmolmirat the United Sorvico Club,' (p. 0-1, D), meaning that ho is u confirmed baohelor ; and then ho add*:-r' ......'? ? ,- . : - ??? . , ' ??' . . ' How disappointed you must bo at my con fession. Not a word of hor — in faol, ' nplior.'. Yours (excepting the arm-obair's rights).' — (P.-94, F.) : .:?,..,,' .?..,,..., ; .:,:.?'.,?; The pursuer. scorns to havo understood this, for bIio roplies— . . ?:,-.??'?, ? ' . 'I solemnly promiso novor to intorforo iwith your fiancoe, whatover form 6ho may assume, be it an armchair, an caglo, or arbull j things aro sadly changed sinco thooldon timo, for now, it would appear that it is tho lady- who meta morphoses to woo instondof.thogoDtlonian/'rT (p.95, f.) -...;.-;;-.?? — . -. ,:i..;:.;-: i ' ;;:... '.':. ;, The; defender' having . thus infor'mod 'tho pursuer that he was a confirmed baohelor, and ntcndod to remain bo, proceeds in a subsequent, lottor to tell ,tho pursuer what sho may expect iruui uiui. . xlo writes, iu hoc .in Luruts tviuuii, taken in cDiineolion with the declaration about tho .engagement, to tho armchair, are; yory'sig-. nificant, and of.no small importance— 'Now, you aro not to set mo down an your mind. ; as ono, of tho class ; of lovors- of tlio Indefinite, if thero be suoh a olass-j-and if I ask you to ho satisfied with anything definite or indefinite, or with any feeling expressed or. folt, whether pity or akin to it, I beg leave most abjectly to apologiso for tho oxprosBion. I did not think it. I ulvvays want more myself, and havo no Rubicon beyond which. I do not mean to pass (if I can), and am quito suf ficiently a disciple to the Christian maxim, to. do as I would bo dono by, to . reoognise the eamo want of limit in oil and to. all.'— (P 107, A.) ?-? T ,;--.' ; , ? :-:, i ;.?';' y, ,-, -Thoro is no docoption or disguise in (his. When a gentleman in tho coursoof bucIi a correspondence- as this, resolutely refrains lrom responding to dexterous suggestions, and oven invitation;, to make proposals of . marriage, when ho tells tho lady that ho is a confinncd bachelor, and yot has n? Rubicon bjyond whicli ho does not moan to pass, ! if ho can, then ho has certainly given her no encourage ment to expect marriage, but, on. tho contrary, las said enough to put her to somo extent on hor Ruarc\ : -i .... ;. . ? --.-;' .--.-.,'. . The pursuor, who takes tho leadlhroughout all this correspondence,- n- tlio,inost;frequont and : tho most urgont leltcr-.writor, , writes a long letter to the defender on tho subject of marriage, and . of tho disappointment,' tho satiety,- nnd the lovo of: change which somo times follows marriage, in tho course of which she says : — ? . . ? ? '..' .-. ?[ ':. ,' .-.- , . . , ,: ? ' Tho aflection which ought to extend over so many years,1 is; exhausted in. so many months ; satiety follows,' '.Perdrir, toujoura Pordrix,1 us . that old sinner Louis XV. ro marked, would soon. lose.. Iheir oxcollonce, and: as a rulo ovor indulgence in anything is bad. I could. easily writo: a volumo on this topic. However, whon you marry, I. hope you,will give my theory a fuir', trial,', and if it sucecodi, you will havo soraothing, to romoinborof me., I think1 it a groat pity ono cannot j go on trial with Ilii.', us with .othor things— it is . such a formidable affair for lifo. I: for .ono am, a great coward.' — (P. 117, D.) Thoro aro othor vory singular patsogos in this letter, oil whioh tho defencior.puts a scvoro construction.' Th Lard Ordinary is not i satisfied that, that cono struotion is unaovidable, and thorefora he doe not adopt it. But tho meaning of tho passage abovo quoted is not obscure, and it dooj not appear that, even at that oarly period of their avquaintancp, rather loose views in'rogard.tb murrioge wcro i entorlaini « and cxprosod . by tho pursuor. ;'_. ::,,. ... ... -.?;?;..[ j ...;;' ;. . - Iu a similar strain' is tho following passage, which occurs ; in a: olovor lottor writtou ?from Boulogne, in April, 1855 ; — ? .- , , ,. , .' I haro learned to labour: and to wait all my life.. I do not mind the labour, but I fret vory. much under tho wailing, and U was this waiting .1: could not b:ar, whoii, in a fit of dospair I throw-up tho helm of imy destiny j, soil am like a shipjby ? tempest toss'd, my: sails all rent, my rudder lost ;': porhaps 1 may. meet with somo friendly barquo that will Btoor mo into calm waters. - Du resle, I don'ticaro very much whother I ever como to a safe an chorage or not; I havo rathor a ponchant for drifting about— havo ,not you also ?' — P. 119, foot, aild 120 A, B.) ?- ? . . .' ? ; -. . Tho. pursuer, in 1885, - wontjo'ut to Con stantinoplp as a Sister of Charity; and assisted as a nurjb at tho Frenoh Hospital at Galata. Without wishing . to throw any 'suspicion on hormotivo in taking this step, it does seam that ono of thoso motivo3 was Iho hopo , of again moeting Iho dofendor.' .In writing to him, sho sayst — . - ;?; :..'?-. -; ??? ': :,.,,' - - ? 'I mako my lament with Joanotto-r-' With your guiin'orsut your ordors, and your pistols by jour side, you'll steal a Turkish lady, and mukphoryonr fair bride.' Now, that I cnu't Btdnd.'— (P. 93, B,) : ' , .-,;,..; ? And in the saino lottor sho writes :— 'It is just probable Alcido may Jhrow.up his civil, and tuko up a military, position ; iii thut onso, I shall want to go with him ; I had somo thought of davoting mysolf to humanitjr iu tho slmpo of a Soour do Olmrito. ~ I tliink it is a sort of n vagabond . lifo would, just suit' mo | but nVivandioro, I tliink,'might]be a litllo moro exoiting. Wouldn't you , bo ' glad to see me, with all ray plasters, and bandages, and oharming littlo barrels when -ybd woro liulf-, choked-with smoke and powder?.. What an. ango da misoricorde I should appear to you under thoao eiraumstancos.' — (P. 98 F.) ; . i To Gulata sho au:ordingly goes. . Thero she writos te tho defender : — . ?'.;;, 'I cannot stand another disappointment, so you must tiy to let me seo you this time ; but I warn you, you will havo as . much to go through as had Orphous in search of Eurydico; nntl (inviti' nn Lvro. von inuat ' Whiatlo unc 1'11,'rr-btii; you know the rest of tho ditty.'— (P. 129 33.) , . . So, after a lapso of aboyo.threo'yoars, thoy.mdt for tho socond limo. ? : ... ?: . .; : : .'; .'?? ... ?. .'- It is not ullegod that before thoy mot lit Galata, thoro was any promiso : or engagement to marry. . Tlioy had oeou oa'ch othor only onco ; . find it ,ii not suggested that, prior to thoir meeting at :Galato,' tliorohdd boon any sorious love-making at ul'. ? The pursuor makes on rooord tho following statement in regard to what passed at tho mcoting at Galato. In llio fifth article of her roriseil o-indojoendonco sho says (p. 4-2) : — 'Ho then paid his addrosscs to tho pur. suor, and oourtod hor for hi* wife, profos fosting tho most sincoro love, cttocin, and regard, ami his purpoeo mid intention of marrying tho pursuer ; and he thon promised and ongngud to marry her. llo thereby gainoel the pursuer's aireotions, so that sho promised to intonnarry with him, and to accopt him for her husband, iad theso mutual promidcs of marriago woro froquontly after wards ronowed by the parties. Tho purauor required, howover, that tho marriago shouli not take placo till aftor tho termination of hostilities ; and, upon that footing, au engage mont to dolay tho marriage was ontcred into botwoon the defondcr and purauor.' Tho.'fl averments are denied by Iho defender, who alleges, on tho other hand, that — 'Tho interview was short; but in conso quonco of tho advances mado by the pursuor, groat familiarities onsucd.' — (P. G3, Rev. Slot., art. iv.) There is no direct evidence of what occurred at that meeting nt Gulata ; nnd probably nono could havo been expected. But in tho loiters, written immediately thereafter, there is a record of tho position and tho feel-, ings of tho parlies, which shed not a littlo light on that subject. If tho purauor's statement i*9 true, that thero was then and thero a proposal, a promise, and nn actual engage ment to marry, and a postponement of tho lUUIilugl.-, UV 11UL Al'lJMUBI, llll U1U lUi IIIUUIWUII Ul hostilities, then tho corrospondonco between tho date of that meeting at Gulata and their noxt mooting in tho Crimea, several months afterwards, would surely boar eomo rcferenco to tho relation in which thoy stood, and to the. engagement, so interesting nnd bo important, which they had mado. , . ' ,. ' There is, however, nothing. in the corre-' spondenco to support the averments of tho pursuer in rogard to Ibis meeting at, Galatd. On the contrary, there is an inconsistency botweon tho pursuer's letters nnd hor state ments on tlio record, of whioh her counsel, had given no satisfactory explanation. 'In1 bo far:n9 theso lettors present a picturo of tho pursuor's position and feelings nfler tho meet ing.-, nt Galatd, it .is not d picturo dt, all re sembling that which she has described on tho record. , If sho had jmt receifdd tho proposal whioh sho had so much desired — if Bho had ust formed tho. engagement for whioh , her heart so ardently panted, and towards which she had made so little progress in tlio previous correspondence, . then, : though sho might havo been sad in the prospect of war and danger, she must have been proud, happy, and hopeful in regard to hor . affections, and. tlicso feelings must havo been expressed or indicated in her letters.' iBut tho ?. first . letter! written by hor, aftor tho . meeting .at Galata, commences thus:'—. '. ','. -.'.- .', .' :','?'.-. . . ' i ,, .-.. , ? ' i ' Once moro lost ! Suroly fate, is malicious -oyond measure, or wo are bad stecrprs'of our barquo 1 Quol toiir cllo nous jout. You cer tainly dctedybur part well and stbiehlly ; but, oil, youmiiit lot mo grurablo a little bit — my heart and head aro foolish, and if you will not let me speak of that I must bo Bilont. What is tlie uso:of tolling mo of any futuro reolity[f .You are a ghost, a phantom, a coinagoofany brain-7-that -is all ; d bright, loyeablo ono at first, now becoming painful' and ' torturing.' — (p.129, 0) , , ? '';; : '. , . . It is scarcely possible that this can havo beon writlon immediately after n econo of nffectionato love, terminating in a formal proposal and a solemn engagement of marriage, with, a post ponement only at tho .writer's own request.. / ...Tbo defender, in a lottor written in reply to ono from. the pursuer, in rogard to; a discovery of .their intimacy by tho Lady Superior at Galatn, says : — . : ? '. , . 'Still, if thero bo that in your position that cause's those lies to givo you moro pain than a cessation of our correspondence, I say, with pain, lot it bsase.'— (P. 133, F.) *. ?. '.' How I envy your brother in Australia from your description. I think I must end in tho Rooky Mountains. I nevor shall get respect ablo and [word cut out. Dofendor says tho word was 'moral'] enough' for '.'this very old etato of sooioty. 1 am really vory sorry for it, but amendment. on that point won't como ; so don't trust me moro than is tho due of, I hope, a chivalrous savage'! — (P. 133, Gi) . It . is, right, to mention that tho cutting, out of tho. words in this lottor has boon satisfactorily . explained. ' Thoro aro ether letters mutilated, and many letters not produced, in regard to which there is no explanation ; but thero is a BufTioiont explanation in regard to Him lottor. Tho pursuor. replied in a long, clovor, and im portant letter, in which sho says :— ' I ask for no amendmont, .and havo litllo faith 'jn conversions ; I accord lo others the liborly'I.cxpoot for myself.'— (P. 135, D.) Aud tlipn slip adds :— ? . ; ' , ' If you aro the chivalrous savage I describe, then my faith 'has'-, indeed been well planted ;' 0 your phrase did not redd exactly so, but as tliougli you would warn 1110 not to trust too much. '. Whatever you moant on this point, I havo but ono an&wor; to mako, I must trust all or nbt,at ullwith you. I oan havo no half measures; and como weal or woo of it, Tain prcparod to meet it, and will mako tho boat of it.'— (P. 136, A.) . ., . Again, she writes :— , ' ' Oh for, somo desert isle, whoro wo might havo it all our own way, and act as tho spirit movod;' Could you como to Smyrna it I went therefor the winter ?'— (P. 137, .0.) .... ,' Miydr Yolvorton writes to her: — . . ' You nro discontented, and I cannot minister to your content. Yoii have left the Lazaretto, and lam still in quarantine. Tako care, if you touoh me, back you como for tho full term of tho infected. : Wo mu3t only look at, and talk to ono anothor through the bars. The fear of contasion is as muoh a disoaso as any: ono of ndturo's ailirigs, and all fears ore infectious. .- You havo caught' this one, and ocial caution, vigilant Bontry, stands botweon us, slaying, your approaoh mo-wards, with gravo advio'o and friondly seeming forewarning, and mino thce-warda, with loaded arms and stern command, stand back.' — (P. 138, F.) ., To this tho, pursuor roplies:—. ' You are quito right about your fear of in fcotious disoaso— it is not only a reality, but worBo than thp.thiug fearol ; so pray lot mo touoh you and share tho infeption. I infinitely .prefer it to standing shivering without tho bars. '. , . ''.'. .'.If you have the courage to knook down Iho sentry with loaded arm?, you may safoly. trust ino to elude or delude, my oautious friondly advisors ; and, in' spite 1 of tho awful uproar it raado, T repeat—' Whistlo and I'll,' cto., .otc. .'... , . Let U3 hang Genoral Oustoui . pour nous - en de baras'ier., If. wo are .to; follow his ordera,1 our. dr'oum or roality aro , aliko ' defunot, nevor'to riao again. Wo might as well at 01103 shako hands and bid a long farewell. 'Tlio hat word .is spoken— tho last kits is given— wo' shall ncvor meet but in Hell or in Heaven,'; so you , had better come from your holo once more'— Pp. 189 F.— HO, A.) , To this very singular' lottor tho dofonder rdplics in ono of those warning sontoncoa which aro so frequently met with in his'lottdrs :— : . , 'I am sorry wo aro not frionds. What oan I do for you? I am in tho wood yot, nnd must not whistlo till I'm put. (P. 110, F.) Now, it 'appoa.M to the Lord Ordinary to bo impossible to read theso portions of tho cor- ' r'ospohdohco, the rcoord of tho position and feelinca of tho Dirties whon fresh from thoir mcoting nt Galato, without being tutisdod that .tho allegation of the pursuer, to tho effect that, thero was then and thoro n promise and an ongagoihent to marry, and a postponement .of tho inurriugo, at hor own roquest, till Iho termination of hostilities, is contrary to tho fact. ' It h not suggoatod by tho pursuer that tho.avermont is provod; but it is urged ub probable thoory, and it is put as part of her case. To tho Lord Ordinary it appears to bo unnatural and improbablo, and .inconsistent, with tho corrospondonoo. ? . Tho parties next met in tho Crimea, whore tho pursuer, having rcceivod a gonoral invita tion from Lady Stratibnnzoc, wont in the bopiuning of Maroh, 1850. Tlio hut of tho dofondcr was near that of General Straubonzoo. But tho defender and tho pursuor did not moot fur fourlcon days nftor her arrival. At length thoy met at the General's hut, and, as was to bo expected in such society, they met ns a gentleman and lady, nnd thero was nothing iu tho slightest decree unbecoming in tho conduct of cither. Tho pursuer hod mndo her own communication in regard to her position ; and Major Yelvorton wns, iu consequence thoroof, nnd of tho admiration which ho really felt and did not disguise, considered by tho General and his lady as a suitor of tho pur suor. Still they did not meet as pledged lovers; for, as already explained, thcro had been no engagement at Galuta— thero was 110 ongagemont mado in tho Crimea, and thoy did not part ns cngngod porsons when they separated on bourd tlio steamboat, whon sho sailed from Balaclava to Constantinople. Tho pursuer herself thus do soribes what passed between them in tho Crimea ; nnd tlio sceno which she so desoriba is quito inconsistent with tho idea of an existing engagement to marry : — ' l'orhapa now you will reproach mo with expressing too much what I feel — it would bo quito as consistont as your, complaining of my want of magnetio attraction when in tho Crimea ; it is useless to toll you what attracted mo to tho Crimea, at tho risk of being frozen to death— it is', to no purpose recapitulating' what secret instinct pointed out to mo your littlo hut— how in spirit 'I beggod and prnyod to bp lot in for moroy's sake, for pity's sake no, you wcro invulnerable,' for a whole fortnight you rosistod the small plnintiro voice — and you must recollect, Carlo lnio, that one aad morn ing forcibly, withdrawing 'you1.1 hand from me when my heart was bursting with love and griof— and tho touch of that. hand was my only strength through that fearful trial, whon with ono fell swoop you toro down tho cherished dream.of my life.'— (P. 159, 0.) Accordingly, Lady Straubonzoo says : — ' My 'understanding, was, that any cngago 'mont between Iho pursuer and tho dofendor wai broken off when she left tho Crimea.'— (P. 3G1,G.) ??'.??'.' Now, bIio know nothing of. the truo rolations between .llio pursuer and defender.: Sho had been told by tho pursuer that thero was an, ongogoment ;; theroforo for somo timo Bho looked upon thorn as ongnged partios, but oyon' slip understood that thero was no engagement when they left;, tho Crimea ; and tho. pursuer herself sayss— ' ' ' i ' 'Mrs. Straubonzoo did not liko yoii, but you wore becoming quite a favourite,. only nt last you disappointed hor in 'not coming to the finalo she wished.'— (P. 140, B.) ? Wliotv tho pursuer quitted tho Crimea for Constantinople, tho defendant nccompaniod her to the steamor, and an interview tcok place, in regard to which tho statements, of tho cspec tivo parties aro most conflicting. Tho pursuer says that sho had proposed to break off tbo engagement, that the defendor would not agree to it,' nnd endeavoured to persuade' her to d seorot marriago ; and suggested Iho marringo in : tho Greek Chapel at Balaclava. ;,Tho defendor donies I hat thoro was any engagement or nny suggestion of marriage, . and avers that great familiarity again ensued on this last occasion. Here, again, thoro is no direct ovidenco of what oconrrod ; and it is necessary to havo recourse to tho correspondence to ascertain in what' terms tho'pursuor herself rofors to that Hieotinc-. ?' '?' '? In the flr»t lotter written aftcr'tho meeting, tho pursuer thus refers to it : — '.' ??'??.' ' 'This timo last Saturday night, Carlo mid, was our second steamer bcoiio. . God grant tho third be not far distant, and tho consummation of all. What amoBt occentrid phenomenon, that our. dcBtiny should hang by a steamboat ! Did I go to sleep ' and dream it ? — that you watched over me all night, for in tho gray dawn I awoke and thought I saw you? Nay, moro!' Ordidyon walco mo, as Diana Eridymiou in tho grovo ?' — (P. U2, A:) J_ ?.-?; ?'?,-- That tho prcciso meaning of tho roforonco to 10 story of Diana nnd Endymion was under stood by the pursuer is obvious, from a subsequent letter of her own, in which sho' says :— '. ' \ ' . ' ' ,'?;-' ,',' My kiimct at presont is to float around you in ambient air — to libverhcaryou, -unfelt, unscon^to rohedrso Diana and Eudymion — to kiss tho closed eyes of ono who. 'slumbering lies, as slcopiim in tho grove, ho dreamed not of her ' love.''— (P. 158, G.) . i \ In the samo lottor in which sbo speaks of this second steamer scene, sho says : — ' As I know Iho length, depth,. and breadth of your wiokddnoss now, you ncod havo no fear of losing my good opinion— eompretiez voua ? To-day I have bcon running about, nnd havo found tho bank of violets you were sighing for tho other night, entirely closed in by verduro ; it overhangs the Ben, impervious to human cyo or ear; only tho nightingale above would melodise bur- thoughts, too deop and saored for mortal words to toll.'— (P. 1-13, F.) In anothor lottor, written very soon after tho flrjt, sho Bays :— , ? ' I havo received within tho last threo days two letters, very different in style, but tho Bamo purport, ono from our friend Silver and Bluo, tho most pcrfeot specimon of amatory diction I ever read — any woman must feel dolightod —and docs me good, Aftor the humiliation received from you, I was feeling quito unworthy ofanybpdy.'— (P. Id 5, B.) ? . ?-?- Tho pursuer says that these passages refer to no unbecoming familiarity; and that tho ' humiliation' hero niontionod as making her feol ' quito unworthy of any ono,' was the do fender's proposal of a secret marriago, wliich she had rejeoted. .That proposal— any proposal short of a regular marriago by a priest of hor own faith— sho savs that sho considered a humilia tion. Tho Lord Ordinary, though very rcludtant to oonstruo hor lettors sovercly, or judgo her conduct harshly, is quito unablo to arrivo at that conclusion. Thoro is not a pdrliclo of ovidonco of this proposal of a secret marriage. Tho pursuer puts it only as a theory or conjecture,- and, as such, it is not consistent with the correspondence, and it does not explain tho passages in this lottor.' .But thcro are are othor passages in tho pursuer's letter nt this time as suggestivo and os diflloult to explain iii accordance with tho pursuor's lotter. She Bays :—' ' Wb cannot do as other peoplo do ;' but aro wo liko othor pooplo that wo Bhould follow to tho letter tho aatno rulo? You certainly are hot; you havo au individuality whioh U characterised as extraordinary by all who know yoii ; you havo but now givon a too painful proof of it, and I have always had a fcoling that your fate, and mino in connection with you, must bo out of tho boaten track — it has been so far, nnd, ns we cannot get it straight, would it not bo wisdom to onjoy it crooked? Tell me, is this philosophy or sophism ?''— (P. 154, G.) ?In . the aamo lotter sho says : — ' If you cannot mnriaga nny reality that you aro always harping about, shall wo go back to the ideal? I'll try to- dream again, and wo'U avoid that.dangcrous proximity, or odik forco, whioh mado us bjth feol so ornzy, nnd pro duced a physiological nhonomonbn I had nover before realised.'— (P. 155, F.) !' It is in vain to nttompt to disgui;o that these lotters'aro very warm and vory: impassioned, both in regard to something post and remem bered, and iu rogard (0 something anticipated and desired. In their rotrospoat thoy did not rclato to innrriaso, or to n promise or cngngo mont to marry. In prospect or aim it may bo tliat the pursuer had mavriago in her1 viow, but thcro is nothing to lead to. tho infereuco that, the defondor then pontcmpldtod marriage; and thcro is much to load to tlio inference that tho nltcrnativo of a very different relation than that of married lifo was present to tho mind of thy pursuer. ? Tho dofondor, apparently ' per ceiving that the 'Correspondence on the part of tho pursuer had assumed a tono whioh, taken iu connection with the oircumstanoo of their meeting in tho steamer at Balaolavn, would make thoir noxt- mooting vory dangorous — afraid of not boing ublo to control his patsion if they met, and not desiring to entangle him self boyond rccal — wrote to tho pursuor from Vienna a lettor whioh, liko several others, has beon produced by tho pu.- suor in a mutilated form, but of which tho meaning is sufficiently obvious : ' Cura Thorosn men. Tho frntornal aohomo was a physical impossibility. I drcnm't it, and waking, found that tho chivalry was not do parted, but superseded ; therefore, as I could not bo whut you wished, I determined not to porsint or contimto in a courso which must ond either in oonvciting me into a modern Tantalus (roading woman for water), nnd thereby making the necessary step from the sublime, but I neod not [repeat — cut out or torn iff] tho alternative; so much for the cause, tho effect ia, that I am here, having [como — cut out or torn off] via Odossa and tho Danube. Pray writo if I can bo of nny uso to you nt a dis - | tance, or if it afford you nny satisfaction to j 'oxpros3 your thoughts.'— (P. 1GG F.) This lottor is, in ovcry aspect of tho present cose, important. It cannot bo fora moment supposed that it is tho letter of a man then engaged in mnrrijgc, or contemplating mar riage. It is tho lettor of a man who, conscious of a passion ngninst which ho felt it his duty to struggle^ wns afraid of losing his self command if broughtinto personal intercourse, and who, therefore, thought himself and the lady safest at a distance. -.''' ; ? Tho pursuer was1 vory intelligent, and did not fail to understand him. She, rallies him on what she calls his lukewarm feelings, and says that, to compare them to the ardent flamo and consequent misery 'of Tantalus, is a good joke. Sho give 3 tho rein to her foelings, and writes with moro impassioned earnestness than ever! She says:— ; 'You knew that I should not! succeed in getting into Iho convent, you do know that you havo Btrivon to obtain all ascendency over m — that you havo infatuated, enthralled, bo ? witched^ raaddoncd mo— that I havo no more oomman'd 'over myself — that I may struggle and writhe,, weep nnd pray, and play suoh pranks before high Heaven as mako tlio angels -; weep, in vain, in vain— and :now' that, your triumph is comploto— now that yoii: havo obtained boundless ompiro over me, 'aro you satisfied f . Wns that all you desired?' . ;-.? . ' . 'If for yourself you have any definite wishes in regard to me, ono desiro might havo been fulfilled, which would havo been a gleam, of.sunshino on my dismal life, and would not have intorfored with your liberty, prcsont position, or future prospect's.' — (P. -'158,-0. andK.) : ' , - : .-??' Somo months before sho had writ-ton : — ' I oonclude you will not entertain any of my plans. I have anothor wliich might gratify your wishes nnd satisfy my conscience, but I have not now tho courage to propose it.' — (P;U3,D.) . ; ?'??? -?: ' Ami hero again,'' the speaks, of jomothing to gladden hor lifo without interfering : with tho defender's 'liborty,'prosent position, or futuro prospects.' It is important to observo that a. plan for satisfying' her conaciencei and yet leaving tho defendor froo, was in'; the mind of the purauor. Still the defender does not o'n oourago the purauor to expect any closer intercourse or dearer connection. , Marriage is novor monlionod between them. His lottors to hor aro frequently caution i and ovon cold. She. calls them ' indifloront iciclo' lottors.'- Sho says:— ' ' .- ' '' - ' ' ' ; ; ? ? ? ? ? ''? ?' Your silenco causes mo tho deopest pain. I know why you do it ; you think, to ostrange yourself from me by- degrees ; but (that is useless.' :''- ??' ' ?' ' , ' ?? ?'?'' i Sho writes from tho ' StromboH' to him in torms which show clearly that sho was hasten ing onwards, and that ho wus endeavouring to restrain himself, to savo himself from tho risk , of a personal mooting, nnd .indeed, if possible, to avoid her. She describes his letter ' as II inexorable, 'cold, cruel as ovor.' She says : — 'Your last but ono lotter hasb'rought mo 3,000 miles, according to your implied wish ; at tho ond of this journey, and within oho stop of tho goal, halt !? 1 you exclaim. Now, it bo happens that I cannot halt or stop, I must cither go forward or recede, thero is no medium- course, no choice betweon Soylla and' Charybdis.'— (P. 103, D.) ' ' .; Tlio defender's letter mentioned ns contain ing this 'implied wish,' has not been pro duced. Thore is no such wish expressed or iinpliod in any lottor that is produced ? but, in moro than one of hii letters he has certainly called to the pursuor, 'halt.' - ; .'? ?.';? ? Ono moro letter by tho defender to tho pur suer it is, necessary lo nolicpin this part of tho correspondence. It has been made the subject of much observation on both sides. Unfortu nately it is mutilatod, but tho conclusion of it is ns follows :— 1 '-. ? 'You want to know how I mako myself at times imiifforent. I'll tell you. You mistake an effort of tho will for indifTorcnce-^it is said that, knowing I cannot gain on vpur- terms, I will not try on mino (necessity mado). Addio Ourriisima.'— (P. 1G1-, G.) The pursuer saya that tho two alternatives hero presented, namely, the pursuer's torms, on whioh tho defendor could not gain, and the defender's tormi, on which ho would not try, woro a publio marringo as proposed or agreed to by tho pursuer, and a socrot marriago pro posed or suggested by Iho dofondor ; and this was strongly proved ai tho construction of the pnssago. Tlio Lord Ordinary does not think that this is the truo meaning of tho letter. A publio lnnrriago had' nover been spoken of. It ia liot proved that a secret marriago was ovor proposed. Thnt tho parsuor desired a marriage, if »ho could attain it, cannot bo doublbil. But that thero was uny ongagemont to marry, or that marriago was looked forward to by the defender nnd tho pursuer as tho only result contemplated; so that the differoncs betweon them regarded morolyits chnruotorns a public or privnto marriago, is not merely without support in tho proof, but is quito in consistent with tho general tono and tenor, ns wollns tho truo moaning of particular passages in this correspondence. The' construction which tho Lord Ordinary is disnoscd to nut on this letter is— 'I'oannot marry you; I will not ruin you.' This construction ho considers to bo quito consistont with tho 'defender's other letters, and particularly with many of tho other warnings given to tho pursuer, j These plain, hint.', of thonaturo of warnings, givon from time to timo to thd pursuer, nro full of meaning ; nnd, on this point, it would not bo right to omit all roferonoo to tho lettor which, it appoars, tho dofondcr wrote from tho Crimoa to tho pursuer's eister, Mrs. Bellamy. Tho dofondor, in tho fifth urtialo of his rovised statoment, alleges that — . 'Ho wrojo to Mr?. Bellamy, intimating, as ho had previously told tho pursuer herself, that no marriago could ever tuko placo botwoon' tho pursuor and him. Tho pursuor was mado nwaro nt the timo of this communication to Mrs. Bollamy.'— (P.-04.) . - -???-; ? Tho pursuor in answer to this statomont, says— (p. G5)— . ' Tho pursuor docs not know in what torms tho defender wroto to Mrs. Bellamy, and makes no admission on tho subjoct.' Mrs. Bellamy, on boing oxaminod as a haver, — 'I received a lcttor from Major Yolverton, and only ono. That was a lotlor lrom the Crimea. I am nut now in possession of that letter. That letter u not now among my papors, and ould not bo found hy any search. I sent that lettor to tho pursuor.' — (P. 418 G.) Thcro arc some references to this letter in the correspondence. It appears to havo boon written in answor to ono from Mrs. Bellamy. Tho dofiiidcr Bays, iu a lottor bearing date Sobastopol, 25th May, 185G, and writton somo timo nfter tho ' scoond stoatnor sceno :' ' I havo nnsworcd Madame Sara's noto. I hopo s'io will not bo vory angry.' — (P. 154, B.) Somo months afterwards tho pursuer writes to him:— ' . . - ' I havo novor hoard from oithor of ray Biators sinoo you wroto to one.'— (P. 159, G.) And, again, in a subsequent letter, sho writos to him : — ' My Bistor is in a dreadful way — I daro not co near her. '. Tlio interpretation of your noto is deeply grieving to inc.'*-(P. 100, 6.) Now, that lettor which tho pursuor says grioved her, and of whioh, thoreforo, sho did not know the import, has not beon producod, and its disp.ppearanco has not boon oxpluinod. Tho import of it, as nllogod by tho dofondor, cannot bo takon ns provod. But tho fact that it was an unpleusant lottor to tho purauor, doos appoar, and its non- production undor tho cir oumstancoB is an unfavourable feature of her ease. Certainly it was not without warning of her danger, that tho purauor persisted in seoking tho dofondor's society, and refusod to ' halt ' when advised. This closes tho correspondence prior to tha pursuor coming to this country. It is in all respects a correspondence of a romark ablo character, nnd as part of tho ovi denco in this cause it is of great imporfanoe. On careful observation it will bo found thnt, there is n pcreeptiblo change' in tho character of tho loiters nt oaoh stago in the progress of this strango history; and by comparing tho lottors with the nverincnts of tho pursuer on tho record, in regard to tho conduct of tho parties nt each of theso stages, namely, tho first meeting in tho steamer ; tho second meeting atGalntn; tho third meo'ing in tho Crimea, tho scono on board tho steamer nt Bnlnclava, nnd the pursuer's arrival in thU country, it clearly appears that tho correspon dence is not consistent with tho pursuer's averments. It is most important to bear in mind that this previous history ia not separable- from tho subsequent events in this case. Tho wholo story is closely and necessarily connected by tho theory urged for tho purauor. Her state ment is — not that tho defender, having resisted on tho continont, yielded in Edinburgh, or in Ireland, nnd entered into n marriage, but that there wns a promise, nnd engagement to marry at Galatn; and that, throughout tho wholo subsequent period of thoir acqiinintnnco and of this correspondence, marriugo wn3 contemplated, resolved, and agreed on. That is tho caso put by tho pursuer ; and to test that case, tho Lord Ordinary has, witli great attention and nnxicfy, studied tho whole of this correspondence, nnd tho result nt which ho has been compelled to arrive at is, that when in February, 1857, tho purauer and defender met in Edinburgh, whero the pursuer followed him, they met ns parties between whom thero was thon no marriage, no engage ment, no promiso of marriage, but ns parties, who had been much attructod towards each other,, who had had a fow fond meetings, and had written many fond letters ; who had thought perhaps of marriage, bat who had also thought of lovo without marriage, and inter course without wedlock. So they met in Edinburgh. Whatever cvi donco of marriago can bo found in this causo, it must bo tough t in tho writings or tho conduct of tho parties, aftor tho date of thoir arrival iu Edinburgh. Tho statements by tho pursuer on record, in rogard to tho proceedings and relation of tho partios in Edinburgh, between tho pursuer's arrivul in February, 1857, and her going to England in April, 1857, nre, that tho defender again courted her, promised to marry her, proposed a 'private marriage, nnd promised n publio marriago as soon as ho could do so with Bafoty. — (Rev. Con., xi., p. 45.) And inora particularly, it is alleged by the pursuer, ia Article XII of her Revised Condeacendence, that— ?- i .?:???:. ' On or about the 12th day of April, 1857. tho defendor nnd pursuer, within tho said house, No. 1, Sr. Vincent street, Edinburgh, solemnly acknowledged and declared each other to bo husband and wife, the said defender solemnly acknowledging and declaring; that tho pursuor was his wife, nnd the purauec that the defendor was hor husband. They, further, road through tho marriage service of the Church of England together : and at tho conclusion of it, the defondcr said to tho pursuer, ? This makes you my wifo according to the. law of Scotland,' or used words of similar import.' : The defender denies these statements. He alleges that, without thoro having been any marrjago, raarriago-cngugement, or promise of marriage, sexual connection betweon them, took place in Edinburgh for the first time, and illicit intercourse commenced.— (Rev. Stat., vi. p. 60) -Theso conflicting averments are of extreme importance; and the evidence in regard to thorn, partly' direct and partly doduced from tho correspondence, has been made tho subject of much, ingenious aud anxious argument on. both sides; ' ??..-;?; V ~ There is -no doubt., that., the question on whioh the parties thus so widely, differ is vital. As Buch, the Lord Ordinary has -considered it. ? He is of opinion that: there is no reliable evidence, diroct or indireot,' to support tho pursuor's averments on. the point. Of her 'more general' allegations, th6ro is no direct evidence, and no clear- and satisfactory infer ence ; nnd, looking to the previous correspond ence, and to tho footing on which, as already oxplaincd, tho partios met in Edinburgh, without prior promise or ongagemont, nothing short of diroot eyidonco or cloar. inforence, can bo sufficient to support such allegations. Of the more particular averments specially made, in regard to tho roading ot tho marringo service of the Church of England, in Mrs. Gemblo'a lodgings, proof has beon nttorapted. Tho attempt has signally failed. . Mrs. Gcinblo herself, called by tho pursuer in order to prove it, has not done so. . She Bays: — 'I rocolloot ouo afternoon of hearing Major Yolvorton read it in tho room when the. pursuer was in. I did -not. take pnrtioular. notice how long tho roading continued. It appeared to mo to be earnest reading, nnd in a religious tone. I had nover hoard him beforo that, or aftor,, reading in the samo sott of tone.'— (P. 270, A.) Slip aleo says that Miss Maofarlano was— ; ' Either in tho parlour or in tho adjoining .bodroom.'-(P. 274, F.F.) . , From whioh room Mrs. Gemble says— ' Miss Mncfarlano could hear all that was said.'— (P. 273. B.I On tho othor hand, Miss Macfarlano, on being askod by tho defonder's counsol— . 'Did you evor, during jour stay in Mrs. Gemblo's, hoar' tho defender,: or the pursuer and dofender, road over tho Ohuroh of England marriage service? Depones— No.' — (P.319,G.) Thoro are two othor Bources from which the pursuor hos.attomptod to galbor evidenco in order to support this averment (which, by tho way, is not mndo by her in tho first action of declarator of marriago). The ono is tho statements mado to tlio priost at Hostrcvor; but these statements wero not mado by tho defender, and woro not so made by the pur suer in his presence as to imply his adoption of them, or his acquiescence therein. Tha other is' the tosliinony of tho pursuer's attend, ant or companion, Miss Orabbo — (p. 352). The statomont by Miss Ornbbe, of an nllegod conversation with the defendor in Cork, during Oetobor or Novomber, 1859, aftor prooeodings had oommoncod, is not in itself natural oe probable. It docs not look like truth. But, separately, tho condiiot of Miss Orabbo in relation to this cause has been such as to mako hor not a reliable witness for ,tho pursuor. Therefore, tho Lord Ordinary is of opinion that tho averments of ?, the , pursuor, most important if true, in rogard totlio constitution of marriago in Edinburgh, before tho dato when sho wont to England, aro not instructed by tho proof. Whother tho defender's averment of illicit intercourse in Edinburgh has boon provod, is I a different and moro difficult question. Thero | is no direot evidenco, and no proof of such j spooinl cirouinstances, or opportunities, as to creato an inforenco in support of tho defender's averment. But the dofendor maintain,! that thero nro oipresaiona in tho pursuer's letters, after sho loft Edinburgh for England, which tend to support his allegation. In order to apprcoiate the meaning of thoao lettors, it ij necesanry to attend to tho purauor's nvcrmonta on rcoord,- in regard to her renson for leavinr. ; Edinburgh. Sho eavn— (Rev. Cond.. art. xii;li — ' The pnrsuor, who is n, Roman Catholio, j entertained conscientious Bcruplca about tha ! proprioty of hor marriago not colobrated by a priost, and, accordingly, sho refused to oohabic with tho defendor without having gone through tho ceremony of a marriago by a priest of hoc own faith. Tho defender expressed groat dis pleasuro at this refusal, and a good doal of discussion took placo between him and tho pursuor on tho subject. Tho dofonder ulti. matcly becamo so proving in his solicitations that they should cnbabit togothcr as husband and wifo, that tho pursuor left Edinburgh abou\ ton days after tbo acknowledgement »ad do claration montiomoil in the last nrticle.' -*, v j_ jygWj jf :ji,js stjtpment by the pursuer is true that, notwithstanding tho alleged private raar ; ~™.«.r, .riago ..by.reading tho,. service,, alio . refused ..to, . cohabit with tho dofonder, and left Edinburgh' f ?:? .'.-. ?:??;- to- avoid hiin, suroly ? soaio . indication of tho -: ?: ; fact, und of licr feeling in regard, to .it, must ? ,':-i, ?-?'?? havo appeared in her letters. Sho ooems to ..'?T' ? ;have left Edinburgh on the 15th,,.and Mnjor ! . Yolrerton to liaro leflyon leave, about tho IStli ... ::,. of April. ': : . , ? ? ' ... -:??' * .-.'.? : ; 111 tho pursuer's first letter to him, after bIio i ? - - ? -, ? : wont to England, nnd which must bo read with ; reforenco to her averment that elie had gono to ''. :.?? . avoid him, after refusing .to. cohabit with him, . ;? ? : ; nnd to. his averment that they had illicit con ? i ncclion in Edinburgh, sbo saja :: — , ? . 'lam like unto tho woman in tho Gospel ,'? troubled about many things — 'troubled not to see you with tho unupcnkablo longings of an .- : : absent loved one — doubts and fears about tho ; durability of requitoment, .misgivings list tho .'. ? »! ardoncy of attachment was merely tho effect of proximity, lest n two months' 'trial will not prove emptyness.' — (P. 170, D.) The two months' trial eocms to mean absence ? or separation for that period, as Major Yel Torton was going on leave for two months. In tho same letter, eho says : — '.What is tho U!o of thoir saying, 'You must bo quiet,' when I cannot trust ; when, . by trusling, I may loso both lifo and lifi) here ? after, or at least the fruits of n life of patient suffering; for, if you did deceive mo again in that last not to bo remedied point, tho physical part will giva way.' — (P. 170, &.) .... .'.-??? ' I wish you would tell me you burn all these ?? tetters, plcnso do.' . i ? ? . - . Again she writes :— 'I am writing ia bed, after dreams j such ? ? : anothor dream will make mo well in a day or *:?'.. ' two. . . . . Do you not beliovo in tho : ? mossy violet bank ? that is to bo reserved for my special doleetation when my turn comes. i ? ? I want to S3C you — I must — I \- havo beon dreaming ever sinco. I cannot bear ? ? its you know it is not in nature, and you swore j . beforo God, and you will not perjuro yourself j , ' ' but I'll go if you wish it, and roraain, etc : Caro Carlo, como to ino and comfort mo with your spiritual presence.'— (l\ 172, D.G. ; 173, A.). ? . . Then, in consequence of tho pursuer Bending to tho .defender inarringo cards of a Mr. nnd Airs. Shears, he seems to have supposed her married, and ho thus writes : — ?? . ? ? 'I congratulate you on tlio step you have takon most sincerely, as the most likely course ? to render your future lifo a contented one ; ? and, if a remembrance of mo crosses your mind in your new sphere of duties and pica ' euros, sparo me a place in your prayers, and belicvo in mo as ono always ready to act towards you as a sincere and respectful friend ; ? and permit mo to add, as perhaps you will bo 1 ? pleased to hear that such is really tho case, ''???:?? that by your marriago you have earned my . . lasting gratitude, as, on reflection, I found , that I had placed myself in a false position ?with regard to you, and one, of all others, tho ? ' most painful to me — viz., that I had promised . to you to do more than I could have per . : ' '-. formed when tho time came.' — (P. 173, C.) !'....? ' She replies s— ' ???,..?' Oaro mio, — Aro you mnd or am I ? Tho : first reading of your letter brought mo to a stop, mental and physical j my present woak ness could not staiid such a shock, my heart went still — now, on recovery, I begin to seo ' ? iow it is. Those cards — I was going to toll you all I knew about it, but got: so faint :. my friend made mo give it up, so I '??'-' -?' ' slipped tho cards ? in. Oh! Carlo, to suspect mo of such n thing. I whose ' ? Tcry life is ebbing a .vay for you — I who have ' sacrificed all but God to you — I who have lain at your heart, and in tho vory sight of Heaven \- have been called yours — I whose very soul is ' yours, to bo so mistaken ! Oh ! Carlo, what .'? . . «!ould sbc bo to do such a thing? Tho vilest hypoorito — the most sensual wanton — Carlo, I must go mod.'— (P, 173, E, F.) , . 'Oli no, don't say that — don't sav it is a ' comfort to got rid of me. If it is, you know ? you are, you have always been free.' — (P,17-i- It is obvious that tho pursuer did not believe ?? ? herself married ; it is equally obvious that tho pursuer did]not understand the promise referred ? ' ?: to by the defender in his letter as moro than ho ? could have performed, to bo a promiso of marriago. If slio had so understood it, she 1 would not have written — ' You know you arc, you hive always been free-' Soon afterwards she writes to the defender — 'Sly sincero and respectful friend, good gracious ! you could as soon be the high priost to Mumbo Jumbo as stop there ; — and am I '? more than flesh that I should never wish to tompt my fate: it ii bad to forget ono is flesh and blood. Don't you think so ? You curod mo of that, but tho cure rendered mo helpless without tho constant caro of the physician, — is it applicable hero to say a litllo knowledge is too dangerous.' — (P. 175, 0.) ... 'My friend (it is presumed Mrs. Thelwdll) 1 no?or judges rashly, is true and silent. Moro . over, thoy livo entirely out of tho world, and know no ono person belonging to cither of us. They would mako a Bort of neutral ground for us. You mightdeposit mo hero after any ex pedition, or fetch mo for a new one ; but wo must havo an alphabet of our own. I want to say so many things that can only bo whispered, nnd you havo a bad habit of leaving my lcttors about.'— (P. 175, D.) . . . ' How I do long, Caro mio, to ... (Oh, wo must have an alphabet), to do, you can guess— you inow what I used to like.' . . . 'Fancy, you only reflecting now that you havo put yoursolf in a bad position towards mo, as though . that had not been n'.wn.TB the case, and as though wo wero not trying to make tho best of it.'— (P. 175, G ) . . . 'I want to see you so so much, always on parolo though, and ?????'.- a clean bill, ota/etc.'— (P. 170, B.) ;. ?''??; Apain, sho writes to him— I 'I will follow you round tho world, but 1 '. ''' whore am I to gottho moanB ? nnd they cor : ?-??'????' tainly will not lend for any suoh purpoBO.'— (P. 170, D.) r Then in a letfor written in Italian, sho says .' her Ufa is mieorable apart from him, complains of his cruelty, and says that his lottor is ' . without ono littlo word of kindness.— (P. ??;'? . 170, E.) In another lottor bIio says : — , ' If I do not get rid of my cough, shall I go ' to Franco, and you oomo when you feel dis posed, and then can we go tho Highland expedition ? Havo you sold tho horse ? ' — P.178.D.) This oannot bo tho letter of a lady who had \- refused to livo with this gentleman, and had : left Edinburgh to aroid him. Wns sho going ! ' 'a Highland expedition with a gentleman with whom eho had refused to livo? Still moro explicit is n pnssago in the next lottjr: — . 'Could I tea you, or remain near you, if I : ' did find my way ere ? I could got a S. do '?'??' O. costume. You might siy you preferred. a regular nurse j besides, I cannot bear this sub : ' '??? ' ? ' penso; and I havo said what you wished now, and I want tho bon bon you promised when I ? : ? submitted. Oh, do writo a lino if you are ill, 1 and lot mo como. I have roturned to Alborg, : that place wbb so damp. Writo direct, so that 1 i there may bo no delay. Think of that little room,'flvo storeys high, whero we havo been .?'??'? go1 happy— ana don't ieel apathetic.' — (P. 179, B.) .?'.' ' ' ' ' Beading theso letters together, and considor 1 ) ? iijg thom with roforeneo to tho prior history of ; ??' '?'?. ?' thooaso, and to tho conflicting statements of ; .' '-' tho parties on tho record on this point, it does '?' ' appear that tho letters aro moro easily recon ? i- ? ?'?'? oued to' tho averments of tho-dofendor than to ?? i ?'????'? ' those of tho pursuer. Still, if tho soparato foot ?'?'?'??' ; of Bexual intercduso in Edinburgh wera pro ?'-????'-!'? ' .. gented on this ovidoncc as cfsontiul to tho j, . u I ;. aBfcnaer'a easj, tho lord Ordinary oould not '??'(? '??'? ? ?-'??'? ?'? hold it to bo sufficiently provod. It is not ':'' ? ; ' ; ? disproved ; it is not inconsistent with tho faols ' ?????: proved, or with the correspondence of tho II l parties j nnd there aro eomo expressions in tho ? ' lettors whio'a iiro not unfairly oapablo of a con c atruc'ion pointing to that result. But tho burdon of proving tho averment rests on tho defender, nnd the Lord Ordinary is not satis fied that it has been instructed. Ho assumes, accordingly, in tho pureuer;* favour, that there was no connection in Edinburgh. But ho does not ossmno— for on tho proof arid tho correspondence ho does not belicvo— that tho ddbndor proposed tho privato marriago to tho pursuer in 'Edinburgh— that'lhb: pursuer refused to cohabit with tho defender till sho should ,_bo. married by .a ..priest^and that bIio left Edinburgh in order to avoid him. Of this, thcro.is no oridence— no roasoiiablo in foronco — no probability; arid many of tlio; defender's letters to tho pursuer during hor rcsidouco iu England between April nnd July,. 1857, which might have'.tcnded to explain this. matter,.havo not boon produced by hor. !Tho noxt Etep in the story is tlio pursuer's going to Irclnnd in the, end of July, 1857. In article IV. of her rovised condcsccndenco, sho states that, while in England — ' Sho received lotters from the defender, who was than in Dublin, eaying that ho was now propared to agree to her demand that tho marriage should bo eolobrated formally by a priest of the Roman Catholic Church, and in viting her to come to Ireland that that might bo done.'— (P. 47.) And in Article XIV. sho adds, without pro ducing any such lettors to which she refers, and which tho defender denies: — ? 'Tho pursuer accordingly agreed to go to Ireland, and went there in tlio ond of July or beginning of August, 1857, and met tho do fsurlo.- at Wuterford.' (P. 47.) If theso statements aro true, observe tho position of tho pursuer. Invited by tho de fender to Ireland, promised by him a formal marringo iu her own Church — hastening to join him in order that sho might bo united to him at tho altar — sho must havo been full of happiness and joyful expectation. Requited love, rewarded constancy, a regular marriago by u priest of her own faith, and all tho joys and blessings of domestic lifo with ono irhom sho passionately loved, seomed to bo before her; ,mul if, as is now assumed in her favour, thcro had bsen nothing for her to bo ashamed of in Edinburgh, then there was no black cloud to darken her prospect?, — no bitter drop iu tho full cup of her joy. But is that tho picture, which hor own letters present? Are theso tho feelings under which she actually wont to Ire land in the end of July, 1357 ? In a letter written on the 10th July, 1857, sho tolls tho defender that sho is going to Manchester with the Thelwails, oud adds :— 'Perhaps you would prefer meeting in tho old cathedral, whore my forefathers lie, to our other project, as it would bo without any particlo of ri*k to you. You aro unknown, nnd have nothing to say or do. My purposo is, and will be, ignored by mortal creature. If safety is your object, what I suggest is merely the satno as being present at mass, making you a Catholic. It is entirely for your sake, as I have but a choice of miseries, and do not much caro wlmt happens me next, as I can see no possible prospect of happiness* Having natural affections, I must bestow them on somo ono ; yet nil loved by ma seem to havo mado a point of keeping mo in sorrow. I lovod my father once, my brothers, sis'.crs, nnd ono moro than nil; nnd now, toll mo, is t hero any ono human creaturo who cares if I am wretched, or would movo ono step to help or comfort me? None, oh God! but thou.' — (P. 170, D.) In tho lettor that in tho print follows tho ono last quoted, but which, bearing dato 'Sunday,' rather appears to havo been written on tho 5th July, 1857, tho pursuer Bays s — ' I havo said tho word : will do all you BBk me, and natno the timo and place as soon as am ablo. This implies that I am trusting you — in fact, lovo with ray naturo cannot exist without it, and I really bclievo that this very trusting you has had moro jnflueHco over you, than any other consideration. I bi-liovo so from tho troublo you have taken to destroy it, and fill my heart with doubts nnd fears. You toll mo to remain hero if I am happy. I can not ; firstly, I am as unhappy BB-it is possible to bo for ono who still retains her reason. I am in a fnlso position ; shut out from all affection ; treated with suspicion (and onco away will never return) ; my oxistenco in tho world now, without you (and you know it well) is a perfect blank.'— (P. 170, G.) Soon afterwards, and abaut tho 22ud of July, 1857, she writes:— ' I scarcely daro belicvo I am going to seo you again, and have bon bous givon ti mo! ! Quol Bonheur. I feel very Dervish-ish. You can't eupposo for n moment I mean real ones? Your pockots. are only figurative of course Besides, I am just getting into mis chief. I havo got a new attache, such an ineffable spooney.' — (Pages 182, G., 183, A.) On arrival at Waterford, sho writes — . ' But the greater the sacrifice tho Ics3 it is appreciated, is u fact in metaphysical annals. Witness the gods to whom human sacrifices wero offered — they woro most difficult to appenso. You are tho will-o'-the-wisp, and I the deluded victim. What am I to do next? If you cannot come, will you send mo a telegraphic message whoro I am to go ? I shall nover return homo — it is all over there.'— (P. 181, B.) Tho tono and tenor of these letters is vory far from indicating thoEO feelings and hopes by which tho pursuer's mind must then havo been filled if the statements which sho has put on rocord nro true. A rctrospeot of self reproach, consciousness of a encrifleo for love, a dread of tho future, and even a feeling, of despair, is tho etuto of mind really indicated in theso loiters ; and tho only passugo of a moro cheerful kind is that relating to ' bon bons ' — ' not real ones,' which sho hopes to get ; words to which tho defender attaches a meaning of a kind which it is not necessary to mention, and whioh tho lord Ordinary, who does not adopt tho defender's meaning, does not at present understand, but of which thopurauor has offered no intelligible explanation. On arriving in Irclnnd, tho pursuerwas joined by tho defender, and it is of vory great import' unoo to ascertain what becamo of thom during that poriod bctwoen thoir' ro meeting at Wntorford in tho end of July and tho 15th August, when they nppcarod beforo a priest at Bostrovor. On tho ono hand, it is not provod, nor even suggested by tho pursuer, that during these fourteen days any application for marriago waB mado to a priest till they readied Rostrovor. On the other hand, tho defondcr has adduced a number of witnesses to prove that at Malahidc, at Nowry, and at Kostrovor, tho defender and pursuer lived nnd cohabited together at hotels as if they had been man and wife. Tho testimony of theso witnesses — viz., William Shaw, Fanny Wnlsho, Roso Fagan, John A. Dransfleld, Anna Maria Dransflold, Margaret Fagan, William Sanxtcr, Catbcrino Sanxtcr, Samuel Hoy, and Bridgot Colo — is na distiuct and coherent as could bo oipected ; and, in tho absence, of counter evidence, tho Lord Ordinary sees no reason to doubt it. Thero is really no countor evidence. Tho only attempt mado by the pursuer to shake tho ovidenco for tho defondcr on this point is by tlio testimony of Mary Anno Carroll (p. .512); unless, indeed, it is still intended to be insinuated that tho pursuor was not tho lady with tho defondoron that tour, and that thero .wai mistako or con fusion on tho part of tho witnesses from tho Irish hotol, botweon tho pursuer and hor friend Miss Urabbe, whoso appearance, on tho sceno at sororal different times where confusion appears to havo been desired, is a painful feature of this caso.— (Pages 391, A j 302, 0 j .418, Oj 4-1-t, Fj 4S0, U.) , Mary Ann Carroll's pvidonoe, whioh in itself is unsatisfactory, is quito unworthy of oredit when contrasted with tho proof for tlio do fonder. The overwhelming preponderance of proof on this point is in favour of the defender. The ovidonoo of tho girl Carroll cannot bo in all respects true. She says that the pursuor and tho defender ocoupied not ono bed room, but vtwo bed- rooms, while thoy lived. at Sanx. tor's hotel. Sho also say's distinctly, and twico over, that they loft tho hotol on Monday tho 17th August, (p. 514, E. and G.) But sho Bays Hint they wore married in tlio chapel on Saturday (15th August), so that, if her' story is true, they continued to livo in separate apartments in that hotel for two nights »rter tlio ceremony iu tho chapol. This cannot bo bclioved. The pursuer states tho contrary on record — (Rovised Condesccnder.ee, nrliclo xviii.) ; nnd it is proved by threo wiruessep, confirmed by tho hold booJis, that that tho pursuer and defender left tlio hotel on iSuturday, tlio 15th of August. It is thus cortaiu that tho utory of Carroll is not truo. But this is not all.- : The interposition'of this Mift Crabbe on sovcral occasions, and tho tcstimony.^qf.Mary. Anno .Carroll _at tho_eloso of the pursuer's conjunct proof,~acquir'o nddi-' tional importance, from , tho .fact that tho pursuer is brought personally' into ' contnet with both of theso persons,, particularly Miss Crabbo. .Tiro, -Lord Ordinnry docs riot desire to give any 'uri'dno weight to such a eiroum stanco; but still it cannot bo overlooked, and ho cannot do otherwise than oonsidor it an unfavourably feature in tho pursubr's baBoi ..'..' On this important point— namely, tho con duet of tho parlies a (tor they met in' Ireland, nnd boforo tho ceremony ' at ' Bostrovor — tho proof is conclusive. It is abundantly estab tablishcd by ovidence, of which, tho strength has only been increased by attempts to orcato confusion, that tho defender and pursuer occupied the same apartment and the samo bod at tho different hotels at Malahido, Nowry, and Rostrevor, from the 30th July to tho 15th August, 1857, being boforo tho dato of tho only proceeding bearing the semblance of mar riage which tho pursuer has instructed. It is not proved that during that period thcro was any application to n priest, or nny attempt to obtain marriage, till they reached Boslrevor j nnd it is not provod that there was nny reason for such delay. Aftor leading this life — not matrimonial— for about a fortnight, tho pursuer; having secured, tho services of tho Bov. Bernard Jloonoy, Boman Catholic priest of Kilbronoy, near Ilostrovor, took tho defender to tho ohapcl on tho 15th August, 1857, and there, with very slight variation of tho ordinnry form, a ceremony of marriage, according to tlio ritual of tho Boman Catholio Church was performed between the pursuer and defender. It cannot bo maintained successfully, and in this Court it is scarcely maintained at all, except to keep tho point open, that tho ceremony in tho chapol constituted, of itself, a valid marriago according to tho law of Ireland. Assuming tho fact, which is clearly proved, that tho defender was brought up as a Protos tant, entered as a Protestant in the service, and actually wns a Protestant at the dato of tho ceremony, and for twelve months provious, and that on the occasion ho mado no profession or declaration to tho contrary, then it is beyond doubt that, in this Court, arid for tho purposes of this action, it must be takon (is a matter of fact that, according to tho law of Ireland, thero was no valid marriago. Nor can this Irish ceremony rcceivo offcot as a renewal of a previous marriage, regular or irregular, in Scotland. Of such provious mar riago thero is no proof ; and no acknowledg ment of any such previous marriago was mad by tho defender to the priest ; nor was any statement of such provious marriage so mado by tho pursuer as to imply tho acquiescence of tho dofi-ndor. If no such provious marriago oxiste_d, it could not be renewed ; and whatever olfeet, as a ronowal of a previous marriago, tho ceremony might have had in Ireland if a pro vious marriago had been proved, tho Irish ceremony can havo no effect in Scotland in tho constitution of a marriage, in regard to which there is no proof of previous_ interchange of matrimonial consent. Thcro is hero no foun dition in fact to support the plea that tho Irish ceremony, void in so far as founded on a con stitutional marriage, is yet effectual as confirm ingorrenowing a prior matrimonial ongagnmont. Still tho scene enacted in the chnpel at Bos trcvor, stripped though it bo of all validity as constituting marriage, or renewing a provious marriage, is a vorj sorious and distressing incident in this case, and cannot bo without weight in considering tho effect of tho subse quent conduct of tho parties. Tho pursuor and defender did, on that occasion, in the chapol, at tho altar, and beforo tho priest, distinctly and unequivocally, amid tho most solemn attondant-circumstanccs, declare in words, that thoy mutually accepted each other as husband nnd wifo. Tho . defender's plea now is, and has been so put, that he did not intend to deceive, mid that ho actually did not deceive tho pursuer ; for that neither of them meant this proceeding to bo really a marriage, or bo moro than a devico to entisfy hor con science. Ho says that tho solemn words then uttorod at tho altar wero intentionally untrue, and that tho whole proceeding in tho ohapel was an ompty form, and a moro monkery. It is sad that such a plea should bo maintained, and should bo required. It is still moro sad that therp is too much room for believing that tho plea is well founded in fact. - Tho defender's explanation ia that tho cere mony was a mcro device, such as had been frequently suggested by tho pursuor, to satisfy her conscience, and yet leavo tho defondcr free. He says that it was not intended to bo, or understood to be, really a marriage. Not only because it is void in law as contrary to Act of Parliament, but also because it was not meant to bo truly a marringo, nnd was noooptcd by tho pursuer as an arrangement to reconcilo hor to hor position, and yot to leave tho dofendor free, does tho defender now profoss to deny to this ceremony an effoct which ho eaya neither party intended. Tho pursuer's mind was singularly consti tuted ; nnd when she failed in accomplishing nn engagement to marry, the idea of some nrrnngoment that, with Church sanction, might givo enso to her conscience, while yet tho dofendor remained free, from tho fetters, appears to havo been at different times in her thoughts. Not without a struggle had she como down to tho position in which sho undoubtedly was immediately boforo that ohapcl ceremony— scruples did sometimes ariso to disturb her peace, though they could not rostrsin tho pc3 Bion by whioh eho was impelled : and, as a sort of compromise between her scruples and hor pasBion, a plan or project for a religious bonodiction without a binding contract is moro than once suggested by her. That project, to accomplish which sho mado hor arrangcmontB at Bostrovor in tho defender's abseiico, and led him, without preparation, into the presenco of tho priest, appears to have been ultimately carried into effect in tho chapsl at Bostrovor. Ao a satisfaction to her conscience, whatever could bo its value, tho defender seems to havo conceded it. On tho other hand, except tho prior purchoso of tho ring, which had boon bought to sustain for them tho character of man and wife at tho hotels where they lived, and which seems to havo been on tho pursuer's finger before tho ceremony — not put on during tho ceremony, thoro does not appear to Imro been any etop takon by tlio defender with a view to this ooromony. Ho did not act as if he meant it to be truly a present marriage, ho talked of it as an arrangement, and ho never Btatod or admitted that thero had beori a provious marriago, of which consent could bo renewed. In point of fact, thcro was no such provious marriago Lot tho relation of tho parties to each othor ot tlio dato of that ceremony bo considered. Tho pursuer had by that time lost command of the position. Sho had previously yielded to tho dofendor, not her heart only, but her person,- and sho had thus withdrawn from tho defender a strong motivo to desire marriage, and from heroclf a strong power to compel it. Tho corcmony might bo to her same sort of satisfaction of her conscience; she, at least, aeoms to havo thought so ; but it could not bo to the defender a key to tho possession of hor chorine. Tho defender's conduct in this matter cannot, in any view of it, be justified, or even excused. But tho ordinary motivos for suoh a marriage were wanting, and tho ceremony, in the case of a Protestant, was void. . Mar riage was, not, in point of faet, required to enable him to obtain tho gratification of his paBsionj nnd marriago was not, in point of law, constituted by tho ooromony in tho chapol at Bostrevor. Tho fact that illinit oonnoction qcourrod befora tho dato of tho Irish ooremony— depriving tho pursuor of tho groat power to oiact marriago, which was hers while sho withheld posaoBflion of hor person, and depriving tho defondor of tho great motivo to desire marriago which pnssion supplied— must, in any view of tho caso, bo extremely impor tunf. But tho importnnco of that fact is greatly increnssd v.'hcn it is considered iu rela tion to tho particular theory of the caoo urged for tho pursuer. Tho caso put for her on tho record nnd in argument U, that tho dofondor promised and engaged to marry her at Galata j that ho oflorod her a privato marriage in the Crimea, to which Blio.would not consont ; that the two alternatives in tho viow of the parties, and mentioned in the correspondence, wero a public hiarriaqo according to tbo rit- s of tho Konian Catholio Church, suggested by her, and. a privato inorriago proposed by himt that tho ofl'er of a private marriago wa3 not only ro jected by her, but was felt by her to be an insult and a 'humiliation ,-' that a privato marriage was again offered her in Edinburgh ; that nothing but n marriage by n priest of her own faith would satisfy her or bo nccoptcd by her i nnd that, rather than livo witlr tho defender on nny othor terms than mnrriago by n priest of her own faith, (ho loft-Edinburgh in order to avoid tho defender. ; Theso averments, as nlrcsidy explained,' have not bsen proved. But they nro tlio pursuer's averments, nnd her case, put as n oorincotod case, is rested on them. It wns truly stated on her bebnlf, that hor story must be takon as a whole, and hot dealt with in fragments. Tho Lord Ordinnry takes it ns -n whole, and, so reading it, ho nppliea to it tho nscortainod faot of tho conduct of tho parties in Ireland. It her story is (ruo, sho entered the chapol at Bostrovor a pure ar.d innocont woman, sinco there, for tho first timo, did she obtain, or even ask, tho intervention of a priest. Therefore, it was ossontinl to her case, that sho should deny that she yicldod hor person beforo the coremony at Rostrovor ; and, accordingly,' bIio did dony it. But tho fact has been proved; and it is a faot opposed to tho wholo theory of tho pursuer. Sho aotunlly did yield her porson, without any marriage, or form of marriage, and oven boforo applying for marriago to a priest of hor own faith, or of any faith. Shortly after tho Irish ceremony, tho pur suer and defender came to Edinburgh; , They did not come together. Tho pursuor came first, and appeared at Mrs. Stalkor's lodgings, along with hor friend Miss Macfarlanc, both ladies taking the name of Macfarlanc. . After passing as Mi3S Mncfnrlano for two or threo weeks, the pursuer told Mrs. Stnlkor that ' sho oipected a friend or a brother,' and wished 'to have a bedroom for him for a night.' Tho defender arrived, Mr. and Mrs. Thelwall wero in tho house ; ho was introduced to them, but not as tho husband of tho pursuer ; and, on tho pursuor making explanations of hor own, sho and the defender woro permitted by Mb. Stalker to occupy tlio eamo apartment,' whioh they did for somo limo undor tho namo of Maefarlane— (p., 277.8). Tho pursuor reeeivod a letter as Miss Longworth. By that timo tho name of Yclrcrton had beon disclosed to Mrs. Stalker, apparently by the pursuor, who had not at first told tho namo of tlio ' friend or brother ' whom sho oxpectod. Mr. Kicolson, who lived in tho samo lodgings, asked Mrs. Stalker for whom tho lettor was. Sho told him that. 'Mrs. Yclvorton had been privately married to Mnjor Yelvcrtori, but that wishing to conceal tho marriago' from the family, sho sti'l retained 1.0.' maiden name.' —(p. 295, B.) This stntomont by Mrs. Stalker had evidently no other authority than communications by tho .pursuer ; it wa brought out iu evidence, on examination by the pursuer of her own witnesses, nnd two observa tions in regard to it occur. Tho first is, thn tho pursuer confessedly retained her maiden name, or at least a maidon narao; and the other is that tho professed roason for doing bo was n wish to conceal tho mnrringo from her family, which is not tho Etory now told at all. Mrs. Stalker, a respectable person, keeping respoctnblo lodgings, does indeed state, as was natural, that she would not havo por mittod tho pursuer and defender to livo together in her apartments, if sho had not believed them to bo married. This is genorally tho case A gentleman and lady cannot got access to hotels or lodgings of respectability unless they live sepnrate, or unless thoy aro believed to bo marriod. Tf they livo together, tho statoment more or Icfs directly ' made, that they aro married, is almost a matter of course. Thoy would not bo admitted without it, and it does not go for much in suoh a caso as this. ' It is to bq obscrrod, also, that the' hotelkeopprs in Ireland say the same thing in regard to the relation supposod to exist between tlio pursuer arid defindi'r, between tho 1st and tho 15th of August, 1857. ? ' It ia proved that the defender did, at Sen field Baths, at Craigmillar Castle, and at somo other places, speak casually of the pursuor, as his wifo; oertninly not1 in the wny of distinct declaration, or as acknowledgment of marriage, and not to persons to whom the Introduction of n lady na his wifo cuuld bo important or significant. It is provod that tho pursuer and defender took a short tour ; and tbat at Linlithgow, Falkirk, Stirling, and othor places, thoy lived nt holols togcthor, nnd woro received os married persons, and per mitted, on that footing, to occupy tho samo apartmout. It is also provod that,' in the course of that tour, they visited Douno Castle, whore tho defender entered their names in tho visitors' b'cot as ' Mr. and Mrs. Yelverton.' They then returned to Edinburgh, and aftor a tune the pursuer went to Hull. During this period tho pursuer, though living at Mrs. Stalker's on the footing, of bein? married to tho defender, sinco on' no other footing* would thoy havo boon pormittod to live thoro, was not known, introduced, or visited by anyone, as Mrs. Yelverton ; and tho defender was held and reputed to bo a bachelor by all his friends and brotlior ofllcore. , Throughout tho whole correspondence there is not ono letter in whioh tlio defender ad dresses tho pursuor as his wife, or subscribes hiineolf na her husband ; : and there is not ona letter in which the ?'. pur ' ?uer addrosscs him as her huBbnnd, or subscribes herself as his wife. Thcro did appear to bb ono solitary exception— nanioly, the lottor on p. 181, E, being the first letter written after tho Irish ccrimony.; Tlio lottor itself is a trifle, but its commencement is not like a lettor from a husband to his wifo. It commences with— . : 'It is botweon ono arid two o'clock in tho morning, nnd I wish I wnswithyou; but you nro a very nice littlo girl ; arid I am sleepy ;' so good night . . . . You'd bottor not como to that cold station to meet mo, but pre pare your landlady for anothor lodgor. I'll go straight to you, and show myself at Leith tho next morning.' ' , :. . This letter wub produced by tho pursuor in the slate in which it now is. It is recorded on tho margin of the print, that tho pursuer's agents say that tho words at tho close of that lottor woro ' Potting sposa bolla mio'— :most important words if thoy were really there. In point of fact, hoffover, no such words wero' there originally. '. itis.obviouB from tho examination of tho lettor, and it is proved by tho testimony of Professor Ponny, of Glasgow — (p. 400)— that' (his ? letter' has boon tampered with, and altered in . different ink, Tho original words woro — 'Somo petting poj. sibilraentc.' It is not proved by whom that alteration was made, but tho letter is addressed to tho pursuor ; it was produced by the pur-' suor; and, in its altered state, it wnsfoundod on by tho pursuor. Tho pursuor, in November, 1857, went to Mr. TholwaU'e, at Hull, aud tho dofender joined hor there about tho 31st Docomber, 1857\. Mr. Thelwall states, in general terms, that tho defendor was rccoivod in his houso as tho husband of tho pursuer; and it is, not surprising that ho should Bay bo, considering tho arrangement whioh ho aftorwards explains in regard to thoir apartments. : Probably tho pursuor may havo told him that sho was married'; but it. is1 not in tho cudenco that tlio dofondor; ever caid so. Whilo at Mr. Thelwall's, tho pursuor and defondor occupiod two soparnto bedrooms, with a communication between thom. Mr. Thclwall states that thoy occupiod tho same bod, but thai tho dofonder worit in tho morning into tho bod in tho other room, in order thut tho sorvnuts might suppose t'loy ocoupied two beds. Mr, Tliolwnll uho states, that, in tho morning, n cup of colCce used to bo takou to tho defender by ono of tho servants in tho room in which tie did not sleep ut night. Ho also stated that ho himself called tho defendor overy morning, in ordor ' to avoid any of the servnnts finding tho room in which ho wns supposod to sloop unoccupied.' Tho defender paid n second visit in February, 1858, when the snmo nrrangement in regard to tho rooms wns mado. During theso visits tho purauer was always culled by hor maiden namo in tho presenco of tho sorvaulB j and it does not appear that sho was ever introduced, to nny ono, or visited by nny one, ns Mrs. Yelverton. It is needless to say that an ingo nious nrrnngement of this kind is not n eohabi-.. tation as husband nnd wife. It U, iu any viow, n disguise. -Tho pursuor ' says' it wns n pretence of separate living, to concoal their, living togother as husband and wifo. What evor it was, it was n devico and a coloumblo orrnagemdnt, and ,tho very opposite of an aoknowlodgraent of mnrriago. i ? . ' Tho pursuer arid tho defendor then take a trip to tho continont. A passport is taken for theipuriuor in tho namo of Mra. Theresa Yol-, vertori ; ho had n soparalo passport for him solf. Of course, they: lived together as if thoy wore husband and wife on tho continont; and, nftor the defender lofc tho pursuer at Bordeaux, throo lcttors were addressed by him to hor thoro, as Mddnme Yolrorton. At Dunkirk, on their way to Bordeaux, nn inter view appears to liavn takon pluco between tho dofonder nud a Mr. GoodliflV, in tho courco of whioh the dofendor is said to hnvo admitted to Mr. GoodlifTe that ho was secretly or privntoly married to the Jpursucr. As (lie whole nr rangomeut for this' trip from England to tho continent; by parties not Scottish, was n devico to '? fucilitoto ' intcroourso - under colour or scmblnnoa of - marriage, this conversation with Mr. ' GoodlifTo may ba hold to bo of a similar character, and to bo of little weight. If the accuracy of Mr. Goodlilfo's slntemenfc could be qnito trusted, thcro is soriiothing like reality, liko tho natural off-hand communication be tween two mon of tho world, in this conversa tion ; nnd it did mako somo impression on tlio Lord Ordinnry. But Mr. GoodliftVs testi mony is not altogether reliable in point of accuracy; ho speaks vaguely and dubiously on soveral points, and ecoins sometimes not to roraombor correctly tho probiso words usod ; and, on tho whole, tho Lord Ordinary, on further reflection, is of opinion that there is riotsufileiont proof that a serious nnd dcliborato announcement of his mnrriogo was mado to Mr. GoodlifTa by tho dofendor. ? Tho pursuer states on record that tho do fender left her at Bordeaux, in April, 185S, ill, and unable to- travol, and that her illness brought on a miscarriage ; and thoro aro letters in process, dated in the beginning of May, 1858, from Madame lo Fovro, the pursuer's sister, mentioning her illness, though not sjating thenaturo of it, or tho fact of miscar riage. On tho 10th June, 1858, tho pursuor addressed a letter, posted at Hull, to ' Tho 'Eov. E. Moonoy, Bostrovor, near Nowry, Ireland.' ? Tho whole of that lettor is charac teristic and important. It is only necessary nt present to mention, that in it tho pursuer Bays : — ' ' I hnvo now tho arrival of a liltlo stranger ta look forward to ; and finding somo little diffi culties about tho bnplism abrond — they requir ing a certificate from tho priost who united tho pnronts, I wish to tnko my precautions in advance, being euro that you will rejoice to bring another lapb to tho shoepfold, which, but for your kindly help last year, would otherwiso have gone astray. I must now confido to you my husband's Burnnmc, which I was only allowed to do under seal of oonfeesion (though I never for a moment doubted that our secret was, and is perfectly Bafo with you.) My maiden namo was Mario Thoresa Longworth. My husband's name is William' Charles Yclvorton, You will please to add the surname to your own private register, as of course tho child must bo regis torod under tho father's name. — (P. 221 ) Tho defender having left the pursuer in April, they did not meet again till long after tho dato of this lottor. If it bo truo that tho pursuor had a miscarriage in April or May, it could not ba truo that bIio expected tho arrival of a littlo Btranger in June, ai she wrote to Mr.Mooney. Nor could it be, that after tho dato of that lotter bIio had a miscarriago, be cause tho letter was posted in England, she had left Bordeaux long beforo its date, and it is not suggested that she had a misoarriago in England. Thoro ia no doubt that in tho ond of the year 1857, tho pursusr must have suggestod to tho defender tho possibility of hor being prognnnt, and that ho replied that ho did not believo it. But thoro is no cvidonce of her actual pregnancy or of her averment that sho had miscarried ;- and ' neither hor sister, Madame Lo Fovro, nor Mrs. Tbolwall have been examined as witnesses. In April, 1858, tho dofender writes to tho pursuer, as ho quitted hor at Bordeaux :— ' Dearest small Tooi, Tooi, you must get woll and strong, nnd we'll havo a lark noxt autumn yet, and have no moro falsa alarms (or roal ones).' ' . ?.; Soon aftor tho month of May, 1858, and about tho timo when tho letter to Mr. Mooney was writton, the pursuor began to think that tho dofender was going to leave her ; and thon bIio wrote tho only lottor in which sho stute's or oven suggests a olaim to tho status of a wifo. On tho 2Gth June, 1853, tho dofonder was parried to Mrs. Forbes. Tho pursuor lodged information with tho Proourator- Fiscal, accus ing tho defender of bigamy, founding on I lio allogod marriago in Iroland as tho ground of accusation, and not mentionine; tho alleged privato mnrringojn Edinburgh1. No proceedings ntjnirut the dofondor woro taken by the Crown. In August, 1858, tho pursuor rniBed her first action of deolnratorof marringo, in whioh sho did not allege aiiy privato marringa in Edinburgh provious to tho ceremony in the chapol at Bostrovor. That action wbb not proceeded witb. Tho dofonder rniaod his notion of do-' olnrntor of freedom, nnd nutting to silence, on 8th Juno, 1850, nnd tlio purauer raised tho present notion: of declarator of marriage, in whioh she, for tho first time, alleges the privnte marriago in Edinburgh, in April 1857, boforo going to Ireland. This aclion was raisod on 13th January, 18G0. If tho Lord Ordinnry has arrived nt a cor rect conclusion in regard to tho facts of this caso, as instructed by tho proof, tho corres pondence, and' tho record, read and collalod togothor, then tho application of tho law to' theso facts is not so difficult aj Booms to havo beon supposed. Tho general principles of tho law of mar riago in Scotland aro oloar, simple, and woll established. Mnrringo may bo very loose in point of faot, but tho rulo3 of law whioh govorn its constitution aro woll defined. Marriago is a eonsonaual conlraot. Oonsont alone, if freely, Boriously, and deliberately given, constitutes marriage. No coromony, civil or religious, is noccasary. Tho interchange of mutual consont is Butlloiont. Tho eclobration of tho ordinaneoof marriago in faoio eocleaim, is tho only regular and tho most becoming, and tlw beBt, modo of proving tho mutual consent whioh constitute! marriago. But other modes of proof are rocognisod ns euffioient— tho gcnoral nnd pormanent rulo boing, that Ilio sorioui and deliberate consent— tho mutttal intention of the parties to enter into the oon traot of marriago — shall oloarly appear. Nothing olso will suffice. Light words— words of doubtful import— words UBod morcly to givo a colony to cohabitation, to oscape scandal, or to obtain access (? lodgings or hotels— thojo aro cot sufficient proof of that mutual consent to marry whioh tko law roquires, and which mint bo serioualy ontortninod and doliborntoly ex pressed. Tho oonsont, however expressed, must be, to ubo tho words of Lnrd Oorehouso inthocaaoof Aitohison,— 'Both n deliborato and genuine matrimonial oonsont. It must not bo a matter of morosportor jest; it must not bna moro oolour for serving sorao non-matrimonial purpose, or a oovcr and Wind to oonooal aomothing which tho parties thomsolvos truly know-to bo not matrimony '—(Nov. 28,'l838 j Dunlop.i, 55 j) or, as Lord Monoriefl' oipreases it, in tho easo of Lowrio v Morcor, ' tlicrb must bo legal and satisfactory evidenoa that mutual oonsont haa been soriously and do liboratoly intorposod.' — (May 28, 1810, Dun lop, ii, 9G0.) Proof of verbal doclaration of present eon so-.it, intcrohnngod in tho presenco of witnesses, if mado with tho mutual intention of thon and thcro ontoring into marriage, is hold in law to hi sufficient proof of consont, and thcreforo sufficient to constituto marriuge. Of this modo of proving marriago thoro aro many instances, particularly tho great oaso of Mac adam, tho caso of Aitcliison, and other?. Writton declarations or acknowledgments of marriage, given nnd accepted, aro sufficient proof of consont, nnd thoreforo of marriage— if tltcrb bo no ^doiibfof the meaning nnd in tention of tho declaration, nnd no doubt ot tho roalily..of. tho. present purpoao of,; both 'parlies to enter into tho contract of marringo. Of this modo - of mnrringo thero nro many instances, among othors tho caso of Dnlrymplo, in which tho pflcot of n do presenti doolara tion of marriago was solemnly decided. _ . But whether the consont to marry bo given verbally in. prpsoneo of witnesses, or bo, in writing, it must bo present eonsont— clonr, unequivocal, and serious; and it must bo mutual. On this point, namely, tho necessity of . mutuality of ; consent, thoro appears to hnvo been somo litllo misapprehension at tho Bar..-.- .- ? . , , .,; .-.., ... ? : .;; ''' ':' ,' It is said, that if ; thcro , is n reserved ami eonooalod intention nndpurposo in one of ,lho, two parties not, to marry, that would not pre vent thoToflcot of a plain, declaration of con sent. The' Lord Ordinary, thinks that this proposition is Bound, nllhouglx .ho is nwnro that it has beon diiputed... It would, in his view, ba n docoption and a fraud on tho other party, and, therefore, not effectual lo roloaso from tho declaration of consont, sinco no ono can bo.pormittod to csoapo from a contract by pleading his own deceit, and founding on lm own fraud. ;' But if it is known at the timo to both parties that, in making tho. declaration, ono of. them hns no. purpose or intention to marry, but mnkos tlio declaration (verbil or written) in ordor to decoivo third parties, or to givo n oolour to cohabitation, or to obtain facilities for intercourse, thou thp'mutuality of consent is gone, nnd; known to bo gone, thero is no consensus ntquo convoniio in idem plnci turn; and, if under such circums'ancw, ono of tho.parties nftorwnrds found on thnt declara tion ,ns seriously mado. .with 'a viow to. niar riagej knowing that it was not so mado, then that party is dealing unfairly, nnd will not bo permitted by law to'onforco tho declaration to nn effect; not mutually intended. In such a easo thero is not that doUbcrnto present con Bent mutually interchanged whioh law ro quires. . .'.?.-.' Iu illustration of this point, reforonoa may bo made to tho oaso of Stewart y. Mcnzio?, nffirmod in Ilio. House of Lords in 18-11 — (2, Bob. App. 517), nnd Lookyer v. Sinclair, 3rd :May, 1310 (8 Dun. 582). In tho easo of Stewart v. Menzies, Lord Oottonhnm stated in.lho.Houso of Lords that ' to constitute n contract, thoro must bo contracting parties, nnd thooxpressions usod, though of themselves Buffioiont nords of contract, nro of no avail' if not iutendod by tlio parties lo havo tlmteffect, but oro used for . some collateral purpose.' In tho ciso of Lookyer v. Sinclair, the subject was moat careful'y considered by tho Sccon-'l Division of tho Court on a review of all tho authorities; and tho law was again recognised, that tho oonaont of both parties seriously and doliboratoly givon to a presont marriago is necessary to the constitution of marriago; Tho expression of consent, howovor Rivon, must bo nniino contrahondi matrimonium. Tho ca3o of an anto-nuptial marriago contract is nn apt illustration of this. As gonorolly framed, it contains words of present oonsont to marry ; but as it is known to bo only preliminary to, and in contemplation of, a regular eclobration of marringo, the law refuses effect . to it ns per so constituting ipaurn matrimonium. Lord Monorioff, iu the caso of Lookyor v. Sinclair, puls tho vory point to which tho Lord Ordi nary is now adverting, and disposes of it in tho saino way. — (Dunlop viii., G22.) Ho says— ?ilf tho pursuor (Lookyer) took tho instru ment, knowing porfcotly well that the defender did not understand it to be anything moro than . an engagement do futuro, it will not removo. tho effect of bucIi clear understanding in her (Mis3 Sinclair) that tho pursuor may havo had, and may now. say he had, a secret design ultimately to allege that it mado a mar riage by privato consent. That' would bo against all principle' ...;....'? Now, applying tbeso rules to tho prosont case, it appears to tho Lord Ordinary clear that thero was hero no intorchango of mutual consent to marry por vorba do present i suffi cient in law to constituto marriago. Tho pursuer did, no doubt, aim atmorriago, if sho could accomplish it j but tho defender did not. Ho never did in writing express, and within Scotland ho never cxprosscd in words, any intention to marry. Tho pursuer has alto tlier fuilod to provo the expression of any suoh intention. The Irish ceremony (what ever bo its own logal force, which is a scparato question) did not and could not renew any previous oonsont in Scotland, for none such has been proved; and it did not constitute marriago by interchango of present consent ; 1st, fccauso it was not in Scotland, nor wero tho parties Scottish ; and, 2ndly, becauso it was not intended to bo tho constitution of a present marriago, or tho interchange of a delibernto mutual consont to n present raarriogo. Tho officiating priest, having beon told by tho pursuer that thero wns a previous marringo in Scotland, considered it to be a renewal of oonsent, nnd no more. The. defender noyor stated that thoro was a provious marriago in Scotland, but said that jt was arrungod 'to satisfy tho lady's consoionoo.' ; It ia next pltadod thnt marriago has been hero constituted by proinico subsequent copula! Tho statement on record is not very distinct on tho subject, fur it is not alleged when tho promise was given, or when tho copula followed on if. Tho nvcrmonts nro indefinite and not satisfactory. ,, , ' ? This 'v- also a mode by which* tho intorcharigo of mutual consent may bo proved.' Legal proof of promise to marry, aud proof that copula followed on tho faith of tho promiso, is held to instruct mutual consent, on a prosumption that tho promise passed into, present mutual consent by tho aot of intercourse Courtship, suaequouto copula, docs not of itself constitute marriugo ; but promiso logally proved does, whon followed by copula, constitute marriago. Tho courtship' of n lady by a gontleman may, however, bo of great forco in estimating the probability in construing the moaning of a . promiso ; and the probability of a promiso of marriftgo may be iuoroased by the cagorness of tho gcntlomun's courtship, and lessoned by tho oagorncjs of tho lady's advances. But tho promiso. on whioh an aelion of declarator of marriage ia foundod must bo proved by writ lor oath of tho dofendor. It is not necessary that thcro bo notunlly a written promias ; but thoro must ba proof of tho promiso by tho writing of tho defondor. This is quito settled. It is so laid down by our authorities, arid has boon onforcod by soveral decisions — (Ilnrvcy v. Crawford, 1732, M. 12,388 ; Sim v. Miles, 1880, 8Sb. ;nnd D. 87; Lowrio v. Meroor, 27th Mny, 1840, 2 Dun. 053 ; ; Montonth v. Bobb, 5th March, 1814, 8 Dun. 931; Mnokon zio v. Stewart, 5th Fobrunry, 18d8, 10 Dun. Gil; Boss y. M'ieod, 7th June, 1801, S3 Dun. 072.) The Lord Ordinnry would fool, bound nt onco to defer to these nutho ritioa, pnrticularly to tho express rooout decision of tho Court in Boss v. Maoleod ; but ho thinks it right to stato that ho ontiroly concurs in tlio viows of tho law pxnreBsod by tho Court in thnt case, ond refers to tho following clear und dcoided nu nouncomont by tho Lord Prosidont :— ' I hold tho doctrino of tho law of Scotland to bo this, that tho promiso which is requisite iu order to mako mnrriogo by reason of its b;ing followed by intercourse, is a promiso as to which tho proof is of a limitod kind. It must bo proof by tho writ of the party, or by tho oath of Ilio parly.' Tho othor Judgos expressed tho eamo opinion. Tho caso of Honcyinnn, whon rightly undorstood, is not a conflict ing nutho rity. In thnt enso tho llouso of Lords rend and construed tho correspondence bo us lo oxact therofrom proof of tho promisj. Tho lending ground of judgment thoro was, tlmt tho defendor'a lottcru, construed with refcronco to tho faots, nnd by tho nid of Ilio entire cor rospondonce, imported a proof in writing of promise to marry. Tlio caso of llonoymnn wns much fomulod on by tho pursuer ; but the Lord Ordinary thinks that it is instructive ns a contrast, rnthor than aa an nnalogous cns-\ Tho romarkallo fenturo in tho caso of Honoymnn was, that tho letters woro characterised by great propriety nnd dolioaoy of fooling, as if tho prospect of sacred marringo, ? and tho consciousness of honourablo attachment, shod on an irregular connection something of tho frogranco of a puro and virtuous lovo. Tho pursuer's uJttTT, in-lhe prosont: cttFo aro not of a ohnrnelor fnvourablo. With no wish to speak of the80 aoycrely, _it is .impossible to refrain fromsoeini, thnt they nro not bucIi hb a lady oPvory corrcrf und delicato feelings would havo writton niifl that ! they cortainly do not iiidicato' l|,nt nothing but marriugo waa evor contemplate! by tho parties. 1 u ' : In the present enso, no oxpross promiso ha. 'boon proved. There is no written evidencoof the cxistencoof any promise to marry. If;i wero 'competent to gather tlio proof of such .promise, 'not from tho do.'ondoi'o lottors con strued by tho nid of tlio wholo fnotB and cir oiimstancos, which is legitimate, but -,,' feroritinlly ? :?? or^ ? conjecfurally from tho wholo' .-.-??. Btory :: token togethor, which tho ; Lord,., Ordinary docs 'not tliint legitimate,, lie would be of opinion that oven in that caio, thero is no proof of a promiso bv tho defendor to marry the pursuer. On the .oonlrnryj'ho'thinks that tho defonder resisted tti n groit ' cxtont tho pursuor's advances avoided giving suoh a promise, and moro tlmrt onco warned her that ho could not, and would not marry, and that bIio and ho wero safest at a distnnco from each othor. Not from nnv of (lie dofoiidor's lottors,' nor from all tho dofeu dor's lettors, read with tho aid of nil tho factB can 'suoh a distinct promiso as is required to support n dcblnrator of marriage bo obtnined. Besides, no intercourse on tho faith of ony 'sucli promise, lias been proved. Tho intercourse in Ireland, prior to tho 15th of August 1957 is riot, alleged to havo beon on tho fnjuj of a promise, for it is nltogothcr denied bv tho pursuor. If thoro was intercourso in Edin. burgh beforo going to Ireland, in regnrd to which tho Lord Ordinary gives tho pursuer tlia bcriifiis of doubt.', that is not alleged to have beon'ori tho faith of a promiso, for that also is denied by tlio pursuer. Confessedly thcro wBB no intorcourso prior to their meeting in ]!din burgh in Fobrunry, 1857. Therefore, tho only intercourse on which tho pursuer, consistently with tho enso put for her, can found or has founded ns nttributablo to a promiso of mar riage, must bo intercourse nftor the dulo of tho Irish ceremony, sinco sho donics any provious intercourse^ But, prior to thnt date, it i, provod thnt thero wns intorcourso for many days ; denied by hor, and not by her attributed to any promise. That fact presents a very serious difilculty to tho pursuer's plea on this head. It is not necessary now to comidcr whether,' undor somo peculiar circumstances, thcro may not ba n marriago by promiso sub. sequcnta oopula, after Ihoro had been illicit intercourse. Somoiawyera havo doubted this. Tlio Lord Ordinary ia disposed to think it possiblo-that such a caso might occur; lio can conceivo. of circumstances which might raiao Buoh n pica. It would bo n 1 omarkablo and exceptional ca;o when it dors occur; but ho is quito satisfied that no such caso has been presented on this proof, nnd on thia corre spondence, rend by tho nid of tho facts hero nscortainod ; and accordingly ho is of opinion that the pursuor has failed to instruct innrria'o by promise Bubsequenta copuln, ° In regard to tho pursuor's next ploa, that thoro was marriago constituted by tlio Irish .ceremony, it is only nocessnry to say that tlio validity uf that niarriago deponda on tho law of Ireland; and that, in this Court, nnd for the purposes of this notion, tho Lord Ordinary is bound to toko tho law of Ireland i\9 matter of fact, according to the ovidenco of tho learned jurists who havo boon examined. Tho dofender haG boon proved to ho a Protestant at tho dato of that ceremony; and, ncoording to tho law of Iroland ns provod bv tho testi mony of Dr, Battorsby and Dr. Walsh, a coromony of marriago colebratod by n Bomau Catholic priest between tho pursuer, a Eoinan Catholic, and tho defendor, n Protestant, is absolutely null and void to all intents and purposos. Tho only remaining pica for tho pursuer is, thnt marringo wns constituted by 'co- habitation as husband nnd wife, nnd habit nnd repute' ? This is, undoubtedly, a mode of constituting marringo known to our law. Cohabitation ns husbnnd and wife — in other words, their apparent treatment of each other in n manner consistent with tho conjugal rela tion, nnd in other, causing thorn to bo habit and repujo man and wifo, is considered in law as sufficient proof of 'tho doliberato mutual .consent whioh makes matrimony. Tho two ckmenU of thia proof, howovor, namely, Ilia fact ' of - cohabitation na husband and wife, and ; tho ' roputntion theroby created, must both bo instructed — tho ono will not do .without tho other. Tho habit and repute, as it is termed, or tho general belief of Iho existenno of mnrringo botween tho parties, isjield to bo an indispensable ovidenco of tho concurrence of nil tho minuto circumstances in U10 trcntmoiit of tho parties by each olhor, from which (heir relation as husband and svifo is to bo gathered; ' ? . Tho cohobitation which tho law requires must bo such cohabitation as husbind nnd wifo as crentoa n goncrnl belief of marriage. The consorting with tho view to conoubinoge, under oolour of professed marriage, is not tho cohnbilnlion which law requires. It must bo open nnd avowed cohabitation, as in tho -rotation of husband and wife. Tho UBing u falaj name, and especially tho uso of n maidon name, is most unfavourable to tlio pica of cohabitation. Besides, a divided ropute, or a limited repute, conflncd to a narrow sphere, whila elsewhere nn opposite roputo exists, 13 not sufficient. In this case, apart from tho moro colour, assumed to escape scandal and procure admis sion to lodgings nnd hotels, thcro hnfl beon no habit and rcputo at all. Tho oohnbitntion of the parties suoh ns it was, did not crcato a general bblief iu thoir marriago. Thoro was no suoh gonoral beliof; neither relatives, nor friends, nor neighbours, seriously belioved, as tho result of open conjugal cohabitation, that thoso parties wero husband nnd wife. This is indeod tho probablo resulc when it is part of tho pursuor's caso that tho marriago was secrot. Whero it is alleged by tho pursuer that tho mnrringo wns scorot, not to bo mado known by tho eouduot or tho doolnration of tho parties, i must bo very difficult indeod to provo such a marriago by cohabitation nnd habit nnd repute. A marriage may bovnlidly constituted though it bo perfectly secret, or it may bo communi cated to n fow persons onlyj and concoalcd from all othors ; but in such n cnao, there will bo no oonjugnl behaviour to croato n genoral belief, nnd tho mnrringo must bo constituted in somo othor way than by cohabitation and hebit and ropute. In tho present enso, it wns not seriously maintained thnt thoro was OTidonco of habit and rcputo sufficient to support tha pursuer's plea. An attempt was mado to found upon tho cohabitation Boparntely. Tho Lord Ordinary is of opinion that, as a distinct ground of action, cohabitation cannot ba founded on apart from habit and repute. As an oloment of tho general ovidenco in support of tho first ground of action — tho interchange of mutual present consont, tho cohabitation has been considered ; but whoro it docs not oreato general beliof of marringo, it is not » good soparnto ground of notion. Tho Lord Ordinary has now explained tho grounds on which ho is of opinion that tho pursuor's plena uro not well founded. Tho nward of expenses to tho successful party is in iiecordanco with tho genoral rulo nnd practioo of the Court, This judgment hns been renchod nftor miioli anxiety, and not without sympathy for tho sad fata of the pursuer, but with n olcnr convic tion thnt it is according to tho truth of tho caoo. For the conduct of tlio defender thcro can bo no excuse But ho was not tlio soekcr, tho 'seducer, or tho bolrnyor of tho pursuer. Tho story of tho pursuer — hor charms, hor talent, her misfortuno — ovon tho intonao nnd persevering deyotedncea of tho pnssion by which sho wns impelled — must oxcito interest, pity, nnd sympnthy. But she wna no more girl — no simpleton— no atrnngor to Ilio ways of tho world — no victim to insidious nrta. Sho was not deceived. Sho foil with her own consent. Applying to tho ascertained faots (ho rules of the Scottish Lnw of Mnrriogo, Mio Lord Ordinary has found it impossible to arrivo at nny other conclusion than thnt tho pursnor has not instructed that tho is tho lawful wif« of Major Yolvorton 