USE OF WATER IN THE CITY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. Sir— I perceive it is intended to introduce a clause in the forthcoming Amended Water works Bill making it a finable offence to use the water for garden irrigation, as if that tortneu no portion OI IU uuuiesiu; uses, i/ci us hope tho members lor Adelaide will exert their strongest influence to prevent such as clause disgracing the Act of Parliament about to be framed, and the grateful thanks of their poorer fellow-citizens will reward their efforts in such a cause. A more ungenerous, narrow minded thing was never designed in any law passed in this colony, It says virtually that Adelaide shall remain as dry and dusty and uninteresting as it used to be ; it says that the householder, living en his small freehold in the back streets (who is assessed heavily for water), shall use none of the God-given element of health and purity to keep his patch of garden-ground verdant during the burning months of summer; it denies him the poor privilege of sitting under the grateful shade of his own vine and fig-tree with none to make him afraid ; it drives him from the blameless indulgence of seeing tkings grow, and robs him of one of the chief delights of home in this out-of-door climate. And what is the miserable plea?— that it is 'wasting' water! —a difficult thing to do so Ion? a3 it is used for beneficial purposes. Trash ! ' Common sense declares that the faster the whole body of water lying in the mains is changed the purer it becomes. If there were the ghost of a suspicion that the supply from the hills were inadequate to the consumption of Adelaide, there would be I some palliation for the proposed interdiction ; but the Commissioner's report shows that the supply is inexhaustible with our present popu lation, Afew hundred thouiand gallon used, more or- leu; fat tha Httla'gwdBm whtoh idora the oity can make no great diflfereuoe at th* reservoir. The more of Nature's greenery we can obtain in Adelaide the better for all dwel lers therein ; and, in a sanitary point of view, every man who can create a garden where once was waste ground i3 indirectly benefiting hit fellow-citizens, and, so far from being compelled to smuggle his supply through the medium of a bath as waste water, should be allowed to use all ho may require without let or hindrance, so long as he pays his water-rate. I have so much faith in the intelligence and rightmindedness of our legislators as to believe that this offensive clause in the forthcoming measure will be thrown out at once, as being utterly at variance with tha principles of justice and equal dealing so largely pervading our colonial laws. I am. Sir, &c;, ? BLUE3HIRT. 