NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WARATAH One of the most interesting ceremonies that we have witnessed for some time, took place on Tuesday last, namely, the laying the found- ation stone of the above building, by Thomas Grove, Esq., who munificently gave the site for the proposed building. We proceeded to the above locality by the afternoon train, and, judging by the number who applied for tickets for Waratah, a stranger would have been justified in drawing one of two conclusions, either that there was a very large and extensive traffic between that town- ship and Newcastle, (and we have little hesi- ration in saying that shortly this will be the case,) or, which would have been a correct de- duction, that some event of more than usual importance, was about to take place there. On arriving at Waratah, or, as it is to be styled for the future, Hanbury, we found a very large company present, including many of the lead- iug gentry in the district; and from the manifest interest displayed in the proceedings, it must have been evident and gratifying to the reverend and respected minister of the Wesleyan Connection, that the mission which he represents in this district of New South Wales, is not only highly, but most ex- tensively, appreciated, and that its usefulness in promoting ' peace and happiness, truth and justice, religion and piety,' is every day more widely recognised. The new cbapol will be erected on what ii I commonly knowa as Grove's Paddock, aud will I bo in length something like thirty-five feet, by I a breadth of twcnty-Bvo feet, and would, we.il think, when finished, seut comfortably a oon-C;| gregation of some two hundred and fifty. U The Rev. W. Hill corameuoed tho proceed- I ings, by calling upon those assembled to join ;I iu singing tho 1 38th hymn, and after which, .it bo offered up a very impressive and appropriate i '? prayer to the Throne of Divine Grace, asking! » for God's blessing on the work, and all' who' | had taken a part therein. Mr. Hill then pro- I ceeded to state, that iu the cavity of the stuuo j were deposited a copy or the previous oatur- 11 day's Chronicle and Free JP'res.i, tho two public j journals of this town, with other et cetera, and I. also a paper coatuiuiug the following ioscrip- T tion : , j 'This Corner Stone of the Wesl'eyan Afethoditt ?' Chapel, U anbury, Waratah, was luid by Tliomai I ; Grove, Esq , the donor of tho land, this 9th day .(j of September, 18G2, in the 2(5. h year of the reign 1 of her Most Grauious Majesty Q,ueen Victori»r his I Excellency Sir John Young, Bart , K.C 1)., being - I Governor in Chief of this colony of New South . J Wales and its dependencies, l'resident of the j Australasiuii Wesleyun Methodist Conference, Rev, I James Watkiu. Ajinister of the Circuit, Rev. W. 1 Hill, 2nd. Trustees, Heta. VV. Hill and J.Oraiu,. I and Messrs, J. Daniel, W.A. 'llutcUinson, J.B, ?,! Winship, W. Lewis, 1).'!'. Bishop, J.. Culdecott, U. H D.-Luly, and W. Steel.' ' No! coins, observed tho speaker, had been deposited, as is usual in these cases, but ho : thought it better, instead of depositing coins ??] in the building, whatever they had to spare j would be bettor spent on the er-ectioa of it. ? (Cheers and laughter.) He should now pro ceed to call upon his friend Mr. Grovo,. to I perform tho duty assigned him. f Mr. Grove, after the workmoa had- per- I formed tho nccossary preliminaries, laid tho ;j stone in its proper fuuudiition, suyiug as '-'.U follows: — 'I lay this 6touo of the W'eslcyau ^ Methodist Chapel, to bo built on this Bite, in the name of God the Father, God the Sun, and God tbo Holy Ghost.' The IlGV. W. Hild thoti said : He fully ex- j peo ted tlmt his friends would have beon ad- 1 dressed on that oocasion by soveral miuihters, i| who had been invited to participate iu these jl proceedings, namely, tbe ltev. Messrs. Oram, J| Wooluough, Coutts, Bain, Guinford, aud Doau, -I but they all had been prevented by various I causes from attending. They must therefore do I as well us they cogLl without them. He should 1 not now detain tWin bj any long speech. Tho | ceren^ouy (hoy had just witnessed was one of | a peculiarly gratifying description, It wonld '1 havo been gratityfug to have assisted in com- V menoing an academy of soicuee, a school of h arts, or othor noble nud useful IbstUluion, but '? far more so to assist in the eomttaenoement of i a building designod for the worship of tho true j God, and whero they would bo thoroughly in- ! structed in those dootrioes that Wesley taught and pmaohed» and which are found expatiated on in his first four volumes of sermons, namely, Total Depravity, the x Certainty of Futuro Punishtneut, and the Atoheineot of Christ, its objoot, nature, ..aud extent, — an atoueiuont in whioh all might partake. After dwelling some little time ou tho*great blossiugs that would ensuo from tbo erection of this building, Mr. Bill hopod they would have tljopleasuro of assist ing at th6 opening \^f tbe uhuroh that Mr. Grovo had begun that day. Tea, be under stood, was now ready, und ho should not, therefore,, detain them longer. A hymn was then sung, and aftor the bloss ing, tho congregutioaseparated, to meet around tho luxuriantly audC/'-ploutifully supplied tea. table. . Xhoro wore about three hundred gaostB as sembled, and. full justioo was done to tho many gOQtl things provided, which wore courteously and gracefully dispensed by, man; fair female friends, whose presence is always an additional attraction to all festive occasions. After tho tea things had been romovod, and * an opportunity, giveu to strangers. to view the lion* of this locality, a largo number assembled in tho1 evening to hear the various speakers that mignt address them. Boberu Tubton, Esq., was called upon to preside, whioh, with his usual good nature, be consented to do;, and hero we must be allowed to reraa^, en passant, that be discharged his duties with admirable taot and ability. Aftor singing and prayor, tbo Rev. W. Him* shortly addressed tho mooting, stating, that though lie had felt somewhat depressed at the oomraonoemont, from tbo absenoo of aovoral oxpeoted epeakoro, that feeling had, to a ccrtaiu extent, cvnporatod, and he had not now tbe slightest doubt but that they would havo & good, aud be trusted, a proGtublo meeting. If, however, any drawback Bhould bo oxporionood, and those who should be oallcd upon to address them oould find nothing to suy, tho host thing they oould do would bo to call upon tho ladies (hear, hoar), and ho wob quite sure that thoy oould, if thoy would, help them in thisrospeot. Mr. Hill then alluded to an aged married couple in tho Islo of Wight ; tho husband wbb a local proaohor, but tho wife always aoootn pauiod hor husband to fulfil his appointments, ho doing the ono part of tho sorvioe, and she tho othor. Ho trusted, however, tho speakers on that occasion would bo oblo to say some thing to initruob, .nmuso, and profit thoso ho then saw, and, what was of moro consequence, Sny that which should eventually help them to become better Christians. (Cheers.) Mr. R. Tubton then rose, and was received with loud cheeriDg. He said be felt a pleasure in occupying his then position, in not simply being of use on an emergency, as was the case that riny, but because to render help when help was needed, was always a satisfaction both to those that render, and to those that receive. There was always a pleasure in doing good ; and to assist in the proceedings of that day, be : fait was doing good. (Cheers ) The speaker then alluded to the rise and progress that the email village of Hunbury, as it was called, had made, but stated, that of the various efforts made for its success, the proceedings of that day were earnest stops in the right direction. '-' It was not because it was a Wcsleyan church that he said this ; in these matters he was not Bt-ctarian, as long as it was a branch of the oburch of Christ, it was worthy of his support, \- and he did not care what sect its members were, to long as they 'Tore worthy of the natno of Christians, persons who will obey its precept*, and propagate its doctrines ; and where this was the ease, he, for one, would bid such a cause God speed. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Grove had that day nobly fulfilled a promise made five years ago, that he would give an allotment ' of land to tho church that should apply for it, for the purpose of building on it. The speaker then asked Mr. Grove to address the meeting. (Loud oheers.) Mr. Grove begged' to be excused. He would at all times rather do than speak. He felt a ' great pleasure in giving that piece of land, and perhaps horeafter he should bo found willing to do something mofe than lay the foundation stone. (Loud cheers.) Ho hoped shortly to see the roof of their proposed building on, and to meet in that chapel those who had assembled in so good a cause to-day, namely, a caring for the salvation of immortal souls. (Loud cheers.) TheChairman then called upon Mr.MrrcHELL, ' who stated that ho did not expect to Qud him self in that position, but that he would not, in imitation of a most reprehensible example, make excuse, but do his best. They were all the creatures of circumstances, and circumstances try graces. The walls of Jericho did not full before silver bugles, but rams' Iiorht. ' He, however, was at no loss for a text. The laying of the foundation stone of their new chapel was a gratifying- and prolific thene. Such ad ditional religious accommodation hnd been long ncoded. The old place in which they had there hitherto worshipped, was iucouvenient, and the desirability and necessity of a new church had been long- talked about. The speaker then pertinently alluded to -the steps that had been taken to secure this object, ex pressing his firm belief in the eventual realisa tion, not only as regards the more immediate subject to which he was alludiog, Lutia refer ence to the required addition of a Sunday school, of their most fauguine expectations. (Applause.) Mr. Bur-Ti then, at some length, addressed the meeting, shewing the necessity of exercising a true f iith in God's promised, and of enlisting the youthful mind on the side of truth, for 'that when a knowledge of that faith ' which had once been delivered to the saints,' was con trnuted on earth, it would take, us safely to the other world. (Cheers.) The 27 ill hyiini was then sung. Tho Rev. W. Him, next addressed tho meet ing, and read n detailed account of the various subscription* givun. They would havo a con siderable utnouut iu hand to commence their work, lie thought that when Mr. Matisfiold, the architect of tho NcwcastleNewChurch came, who was a most liberal man, anil had already sub scribed £100 towards the erection of that build ing, that they would bo able to got from him proper plans and specifications for the Waratah chapel. When' that ohapcl was opened, at which opening he hoped all then prcseul would have the pleasure of assisting, it was impossible to forseo what a large amouut of good would ' accrue from the proaohing of God's Word. Mr. ? Hill illustrated his position with reference to a well-known anecdote in the life of his name . fiako, tho celebrated lloland Hill. They wanted Sunday and Day Softools iu connection with their now building, aud he should bo pleased ' and had every hope, that he should see a day school commenced therein before long. The Chapel too, when built, would be a standing re .?bul:o to those Sabbath-breakers, who in crowds .Book this locality, and some of them perhaps who had boon, children of promise, of sabbath-sohuol teaching, of Christian prayors, might have conscience aroused, and memory awakened by Bight of this chapel, thoso who had forsaken the assomb.ling of themselves to gether as tho manner of some under God's blessing, may, feel qualms of repent ance which shall load them again to wor ship tho Guidap and Father of their youth. (Hear, hcar.)!r' It was impossible to imagine what a larg'e amount of sooial and moral good might be offeuted by tho ereolion of this pro posed building, and the reverend speaker went on to insist and approve by forcible and per tinont narrative ttio truth of tho divine rovela tion, that Godliness is profitable for all things, as having promise not only for the lifo that uow is. but also for that which is 'to come. He did not despair of seeing funds realized to finish the undertaking on which thoy had embarked, nnd that the chapol would bo finished and God glorifiod thereby. In conclusion tho speaker earnestly appealed to the liberality of his hearers, to consider their oiroumstanoos, to con sider what God's love and mercy doinandad from his creatures, and if this, thought was fouud actuating them, there would bo no diffi culty as to the means. (Choers.) Tho Chairman said that it was now time to make the oollootioa, he was sure after what they had heard ho need say nothing more to urge this matter upon them.. He did not , pload for a Wesleyan ohuroh in particular, but that God's work should not Btand atill for want of funds.- Let them thorn givo liberally to suoh a o.ause, and, as a safe rulo to go on, let them each give as God hath blessod them in dividually. (Loud cheers.) Tho collootion was then mado and amounted ' to £8 7s. 7d. Mr. Hayden thon roso and said : ho thought that mooting should not soperato without ten dering their Binooro acknowledgments toThonias Grove, Esq., for his munificent gift, not only ns a member of a Christian ohuroh, but as a member of the community, ho (Mr. H.) must noknowlcdgo the value of tho oxamplo sot by Mr. Grovo. It should bo evory one's aim not to pass through life without ohdeavoring to use tho opportunities God lisa blossed him with, that when called from hotoco ho should leave tho world better than ho Mod it. After aomo furthor remarks, ho oonoludod. by proposing a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. Grove for the liberality he had displayed, not only by 60 doing benefiting a particular body, bnt as greatly tending to the moral elevation and im provement of society at large. Mr. Sxevier seconded tho resolution which on being put from the chair, was carried by ac clamation. Mr. Lewis next addressed the meeting with great pertinence and eloquence, impressing upon those assembled tho grave responsibility resting upon each of preserving intact the re ligion of the gospel, and how it was religion that alone can give Sweetest pleasure while we live, Solid comfort when wo die. and that, therefore, all who professed to bo fol lowers of Jesus Christ should give liberally in His canse. Mr. Lur.Y followed with great fervour in the same strain, alluding to tue great necessity that existed for the proposed church, a church in'which he hoped to see God worshipped in purity, the gospel preached in simplicity, and souls saved from sin, death, hell, and the grave. After alluding to the Ixavy responsibility rest ing upon parents to train up the rising gener ation in the nurture and admonition of the Lord, the speaker concluded a very eloquent and earnest address, by pointing out the duty of all to put their shoulders to the wheel if they would see God's work revive, and His church extend, find tli.it if we did our duty in this respect, ' God, oven our own Gud, would givo us his blessing.' (Loud cheering,) A subscription list was then opened, which won liberally responded to, to the amount of £25 12s., and the Chairman pronounced the benediction, the meeting soporatcd, highly gratified with what they had seen and heard. A special train brought the friends back to Newcastle, where we arrived shortly after ten o'clock. 