SOMETHING ABOUT LIFE ASSURANCE. From 'Sketches in Real Life,' by Solomon Snail, contributed to the Sydney Mail. OCH! murther! murther! be me gran- mother's ghost, I'm kilt intirely, so I am, and its yerself has done it Mick Rooney, yer big vaggibin yer. I'm spotted all over like Tim Mooney's piebald pony, wid the ugly bating yer guv me last night, sorra a limb uv me could I move if the hut was on fire. Och hone! I'm kilt, I'm kilt, an bad luck to yer Mick Rooney for doing it, but yer'll be hang'd, so yer will, and I shall be mighty glad of it, so' — 'Be jabers! ye'd betther be aisy, or I'll soon make yer shtop yer noisy blather with another tashte or tuo uv me shilla- ley,' replied Mick Rooney in an angry tone, 'Here I am, come home to me din- ner, as hungry as a blackfellow' s dingo, and sorra a haporth uv anything in the house to ate big enough to bait a rat- trap; and here's the poor childers, dhirty as Barney's pigs, crying for their bit o' vittles, while ye're lying in bed half dhrunk, and groaning like Casey's old cow, bad cess to yez, aint yer ashamed ov yerself intirely? Dash'd if it dosen't pritty nigh drive me cranky to look at yer, so. But I'll be off an lave yer jist now, althegether, an I've a mighty good mind to crack all yer bones for yer before I go, and then mayhap ye'll not be so nimble to rin to the grog shop. Where's me Sunday shirt? yer crater, yer, and have yer sowld that, besides all yer own, an the children's bits o' duds.' 'Arrah, didn't yer begin to sell all the traps yerself, Mick Rooney? yer lazy, skulking, animated rum keg,' retorted Mrs. Rooney, 'an didn't yer take ivery- thin out uv the house, barrin the straw bed, that nobody ud buy, an the log ta- ble, an the stool, an the three-legged pot, thats cracked be the same token, an shure, didn't yer sell me poor owld Aunt Biddy's bellows last night for ninepence, an git half dhrunk wid the money: and thin, bekase yer couldn't get quite dhrunk, yer came home, cross and cran- ky, an bate the life clane out uv me, wid tile leg uv the stool, yer wicked haythen yer! Didn't yer do all that now, an a hape uv other ugly things besides, if I'd got breath to talk about 'em. Ugh, Mic- key Rooney, Mickey Rooney, sorra seize the day when I fust see'd yer ugly face. Shure I've had nothin' but hard work, an hard whacks iver since that time, and them's just what me poor owld mother sed I should catch from the likes o' you, but I didn't belave her, poor sowl. An it serves me right, so it does after that for iver spaking to yez, or lishtening to yer desateful blarney, bad manners to yer. Och musha, musha, what for was I fool enough to marry a man, who I was towld thrue enough, would love the grog shop betther than his own home: an playing at skittles betther than working for his childers: what for did I do that sure? an break my poor heart intirely. An its harf dhrunk too, that yer say I am is it?' continued Mrs. Roony with in- creasing warmth, 'Ain't yez downright ashamed o' yersilf now, to tell such a thumping big crammer as that, whin I haven't had a tashte uv grog since yes- terday morning, wus luck. An shure if I was dhrunk althegither, it ud be your own fault Mick Rooney, so it would, for I niver tashted a single dhrop of grog in all my life afore I knowed you. Faix there wasn't a decenter gal on the river thin I wur, an so you've often towld me yerself, whin yer fust come a coaxing, an wheedling round me, wid yer face look- ing as swate as a sugar bag an yer blar- neying like lollipops, till yer got me to like yer, ugh what a fool I wur. Thin I left a comfortable home, an good friends, an give all I'd got in the world to yer, so I did, an in less nor two years afther ye'd promised to love me for iver, yer begun to git dhrunk, and to bate me like a bul- lock, Och, it was yer cruelty that druv me to dhrink at fust, Mick Rooney, an yer know it too. An now I dhrink grog whin I can git it, jist to drown misery. Faix, it would take a mighty lot of grog to do that same too, I'm thinkin. But be off wid yer, like a murtherin big sot as ye are: if yer come anigh me another inch I'll shout murther, an if the con- stables come, I'll swear ye kilt me, so I will: git off wid yer now, lave me alone I tell yer, och, murther, murther, con- stables, murther.' 'Och, shillaleys an' stockwhips, I'll make yer scraache for something,' ex- claimed Mick, as he struck his wife sav- agely across the body with a thick stick. 'There now, take that wid yer, an if yer don't like that I'll give yer another, take that, an that, an that,' he contiuned, stri- king her with all his force, 'Now may- hap ye'll be telling no lies whin ye say I kilt yer. There a dose for a donkey, jist to quiet yer till I come back agin and may- be that'll be a long-time fust,' he added as he rushed out of his miserable hut, leaving his wife shrieking murder, and her terrified children screaming around her. 'Give us a gill o' rum, Mither Mac Swipes,' said Mick Rooney, as he has- tened into the bar of the Dog Trap Inn. 'Hurry now, an good luck to yer,' ad- ded he 'I'm goin across the river to shoe a horse for owld Blunt, and I'll pay yer win I come back, an maybe I'll lave yer the price o' me job besides.' 'Eh mon! ye've a muckle score here the noo: an I canna gi' ye any mair trust,' drawled Mr. Mac Swipes, casting at the same time a calculating glance at his old customer; and then, as though the latter part of Mick's address had fa- vourably impressed him, he added, 'Weel noo, although I havena seen a bawbee o' yourn off the ould score this many a long day, as ye'll aiblins leave a leetle wi' me the nicht, I'll na turn ye awa thirsty like ; I'll e'en gi' ye saxpennorth, but I'll na scoore it doon, for my auld wifie wull fash me sair an she kens what I ha' done. Eh, mon--whist! here cooms auld Peg; ye'd better gang awa the noo, or ye'll get a flea in yer lug, I'm thinking.' 'Eh! I tell ye what, Sawney Mac Swipes, ye'll na gi' thot gowk ony mair grog without the siller, whiles my name's Peggy,' said a nimble old woman, with a face as rugged as a rock melon, as she darted into the bar, and then darted a look at Mick, sharp enough to cut his nose off, while she enquired of him fiercely, 'Do ye think we steal't our grog, mon, or dinna pay our merchant for't? Are honest folk's rum kegs to be drained sa dry as a snuff-mull by the likes o' you, think ye? Hoot, toot, elves and bogies! What next, I'd like to ken? Noo, I tell ye what Mick Rooney; ye'll na get enow to droon a flea out o' my taps, without the siller, so ye need na stand gaping there: gang an' work, yer lazy loon, an' pay yer debts like a mon. Just look at yer scoor--as lang as my twa legs--on the whiskey keg anent the door yonder; when will you pay't, I'd like to ken? Mair trust, indeed! Ye maun ha' the brow o' the deil himsel to crauv it, of a body--toot! I wadna gi' ye anither drap, an ye were groaning to death wi' the gripes: so noo gang awa wi' that in yer teeth.--And you, Saw- ney Mac Swipes,' she continued, turning sharply to her bemuddled husband, 'ye havena mair sense thon a swine. Ye'll just sup, sup, sup, all the day long, an let ony lazy neer-do-weel, like yersel, come an tak the bread out o' your ain puir barnies' months. I'm doanricht ashamet o' ye; ye dinna deserve an honest wo- man to tak care o' yer household, ye daft auld fule ye. Gang awa in to bed the noo, for ye're clean fou, and that ony body can see. Gang in, I tell ye, mon, and dinna stand leering at me, or ye'll fash me till I do ye sharm.' Knowing, from long experience, the decisive character of Peggy Mac Swipes, Mick Rooney saw the hopelessness of any further attempt to satisfy his tor- menting cravings for a gill of rum: so grasping his stick, he hurried down to the river, jumped into the ferry-boat, and was soon at the opposite side. After promising the ferryman to pay his fare at some future time, Mick trudged along at a quick pace, intent upon making for the farm of his old friend and ship- mate, Paddy Ryan, whom he had not seen for some years. A long and tiresome walk it was for Mick, through the dreary bush. Tor- menting were the reflections which haunted him, and bitter were his self- reproaches the while. At length, hun- gry, thirsty, and footsore, and withal sorely grieved in heart that he had given poor Judy "such a bating," he arrived about sundown in sight of Paddy Ryan's snug little hut. A snug little hut it certainly was, al- though merely built of rough slabs, and covered with bark. Every crack that could admit the least draught was care- fully plastered over, and the whole, inside and outside, was well whitewash- ed. Monthly roses, passifloras, and honeysuckles, clustered around the rough verandah posts, and overspread the roof. A nice little flower garden in front, and a vegetable garden and or- chard behind, were enclosed with sweet- briar hedges. In one corner, under the shade of a castor-oil tree, were half-a- dozen hives 'of bees. Outside this en- closure, and near to a substantial barn, were stockyards, milking bails, and a pigsty; and, as Mick drew near, Paddy Ryan was just giving a bucketfull of milk to half a score of porcine grun- ters. "Them's purty pigs, Paddy," was Mick's first salute, as Paddy (who had not observed the approach of his friend) leant over the sty, to empty his bucket into the pigs' trough. "Troth, thin, they are purty pigs, and its meself as bred 'em," replied Paddy, and, on looking round, his bronzed, healthy face, brightened up with merry smile; so peculiar to a warm-hearted Irishman, as he seized Mick's hand, and exclaimed with ecstacy, "Arrah, me jewel, Micky Rooney! how are yez? how are yez! Shure, thin, I'm as plazed to see yer, as if yer were my rich uncle Phelim, and had brought me a sackfull of suvverins, so I am. How's Judy, the dear cratur,and the childers? Bedad, thin, it's a thousand years since I seen yer last. Come along into the hut, me boy; poor ould Nelly will be plazed enough to jump out of her brogans to see yez. But is it ill yer are, Micky, darlint? Troth, ye don't look yerself at all at all; yer thin as my ould blind bullock Boxer, and yer face is as long as his tail, axing yer pardon. Arrah, cheer up, me honey, and be afther tell- ing us all yer news by and bye; but come inside first. Hoy, Nelly; Nelly Ryan, were are yer, ye crater?" shouted Paddy, at the top of his voice. "Ah, here she comes," he added, with a seri- ous glance at Mick. "Here she comes, the dear ould crater, hopping along like a magpie on one leg. By the same to- ken, it was meself as made her hop, by an unlucky crack of my shillelay, afther I came home from Tim Murphy's wed- ding, and she's gone a hopping ever since, poor sowl, and that's just five years agone. Och! t'was bad work that, sure enough; and many's the time I've cried like a babby about it; but I haven't had a tashte of the grog since then, thank God! Troth, it was the grog made me bate poor Nelly that time; bad luck to the murtherin spal- peen as invinted it. (To be continued.) 