REGINALD MARSDEN'S ATONEMENT. (fsom st. james's magazine.) Alice Grafton, the gentle heroine of this brief record of real life, had been; committed to her aunt's.charge, when her father, Captain Grafton, and his beloved wife sailed for India, where, after three years' residence, Mrs Grafton fell a victim to anxiety and an unhealthy climate. At the close of the Scinde war, Major Grafton returned to England sick and woumded. His native air, . the tender assiduities of his maiden sister, Laura Grafton, and his young daughter Alice, and the peace and tranquility of an English home, partially restored his health. To the unspeakable joy of Alice he rallied for a time, and travelled with her and' his sister for three years in Switzer land and Germany ; but an old wound having opened afresh, from over exertion, he re turned to England in a precarious state. Feeling that probably he might not recover, he summoned to Attwood his old schoolfellow and most inti mate friend, Mr Marsden, under whose guardian Bhip, conjointly with that of Miss Grafton, he desired to place Alice. Mr Marsden was accom panied by his eldest son, Reginald. It was during this visit that an incident occurred which had a powerful influence upon the after life of the three persons concerned in the occurrence. Reginald Marsden, at that time eighteen years of age, had rescued Alice from drowning, and had also saved the life of little Jessie Moore, a motherless child, whom Alie°, . pitying her neglected state, had made her little attendant and companion. ???-.]'' This Jessie Moore was one of those bright little beings whose faces .sometimes beam upon us from beneath the shadows of a rustic porch, or from out of ap frame of foliage clustering round a cot tage window. She had a fervent and enthusiastic nature, an intense love of the beautiful, and, alas ! perhaps an innate distaste for the rough, realities of Dover tv. Two vears after the handsome dark-' eyed lady had saved her life, poor Jessie was taken away from her gentle young mistress, to ^ac company a drunken, brutal lather to London, ?where she was apprenticed to a We3tend miliner. Before the first twelvemonth of this apprentice ship had elapsed, Jessie disappeared, leaving no trace by which she could be followed. Alice Graf ton had been cruelly distressed at hearing this bad news of her favorite. Too pure to impute evil, she attributed Jessie's disappearance to some ill treatment or unkindness from her mistress or her father. Miss Grafton caused an advertisement tr be inserted in the Times, imploring the wan derer to return, and she consulted Reginald Marsden as to the propriety of searching further for the missing girl. But he had answered her letter coldly, telling her that all that could' be done had been done, and that further interference in the business would be useless. Shorly after this Major Grafton died, and nearly five years eiapsed before Alice and Regi nald again met. During the interval Mr Marsden had died, and on Reginald now devolved the ?-. guardianship of Alice. Previous to her coming of age, a few law matters requiring, arrangement, . Mr Reginald Marsden had paid a visit of some ? ,... weeks at Attwood. , Alice and he had met with mutual pleasure. . Neither had forgotten the beloved playmate of ( , childhood. The delight they felt in each other's society was soon perceptible to Miss Graiton, who . neither promoted not discouraged the growing attachment, but allowed — -how often tne wisest i plan !— things to take their own coursed j The evening before he was to leave Attwood, i Reginald asked Alice to take a favorite walk, and view the sunset from a neighboring i hill. Both felt that .it was their. . last walk for a long time together, and bpth were sad and silent. As they were gazing oh a splendid autumn sunset, 'Alice,' said Reginald abruptly, 'as yonder sun sets below the horizon, so will sink the sun of my happiness when I leave Attwood. lam unworthy; to claim even a friendly place in your thoughts, yet I must tell you what yourinnuence over me has effected. Do you ire member, even in our childhood, how youraweet pleading eyes could calm my wildest passions? and through the years during which we have.been parted, never have I done wrong but their, mourn fuL gaze was upon me. \ And now I feel, that henceforth you are my guardian angel. If .ever I shall achieve anything great or good, it will be your work.'* , Alice answered not,' but her hand trembled , on , his arm. ' Alicei' continued; Reginald, after a ; pause, ' if . in future years I become , less unworthy of you, ^may I— dare I— hope. ? Or if you withhold your love, will you at least think of me as a friend?' Alice holdout her hand. ' Iwill be ever your friend, Reginald,'' she said ; ' more X. dare not say. j It was my dear father's last wish, that before I pro mised more, a paper, which he left in your father's care, should be consulted.' ...',' That, paper is| in my hands now,' said Reginald. ' May I give it you to-night r But, Alice, supposing your father sanctioned bur— our union, what would your heart answer ?' Alice placed both her hands in his. Reginald covered them with kisses. ? .' ! The paper that Reginald, opened that evening, contained a wish that Alice's choice might rest onone'of the sons of his valued friend, Charles James Marsden. . Alice lay down to rest that night, doubly blessed in the thought that her father had sanctioned her love. ' . . , ,' : One evening Alice sat at the window listening for Reginald's Btep, when a poorly clad, but re spectable-looking woman caught her attention; A double knock sounded on the door below, but was not the familiar rat-tat, every stroke of which was music to Alice's ears. Mr Charles Marsden was announced, the servant adding, that a poor woman was waiting below, who begged to see Miss Alice. Charles brought his brother's excuses, whom earnest business detained at his chambers. Alice, with a sigh, went to the woman. In less than ten minutes she returned to the drawing-room. ' Aunt, dear,' she said, ' I want Charles to go withine a little way ; I think we may, perhaps, hear something of poor Jessie. Charles, will you come?' Mr Marsden gladly assented. . / 'Charles,' said Alice, as they left the house, 'I did not wish to alarm my aunt, but I fear some thing terrible has happened to poor Jessie. Look here !' She handed him a slip of paper, blotted with tears, containing these words :— .' - ' 'Dear Miss Alice, I am so very, very miser able, that, weak and guilty as I have been, I know you will pity me. Last week I saw your sweet face as you got out of a carriage, but I dared not speak to you— you so good and pure, and I so „ .. '. :? i ? ? 'i._i ? a r\i_ ? i ? 3*3 ? j.(i_.t tauen ana wreiuneu. uo, wny aia you noi lei me die six long years ago i ; When I saw you I resolved to write and entreat your pity for my poor baby, but it is useless now.' The poor scrawl broke off abruptly, and the last words were almost illegible^ so blotted were they with the tears that had fallen upon them. It, was a mean, narrow street to which the wo man had directed Alice. She was watching for them at the door of a poor-looking house, and conducted them up a narrow, close staircase into a small room, which was scantily furnished, but neat and clean. In a cot lay a pretty child, about , twelve months old. A smile rested on the little thin face, but the eyes were closed in death. Alice's tears fell fast as she looked at it, and lis tened to the woman's sad story of its mother. 'She was quite a young thing, Miss, though so pale and wan. She came here just before baby was born, nigh a twelvemonth back. How she did dote on it, to be sure ! She was so sad, and never would speak to any one but me; and I think she took to me because I noticed baby. It was a nice little thing, with beautiful dark eyes ; but it never throve. It had been ill some days, and its cries distracted its poor mother. Yester day she said to me, 'Baby must have a doctor. I want you to go to such a house' (your house, Bliss), ' and see Miss Alice, and tell her that little Jessie Moore, that she was so kind to years ago, entreats her to send a doctor to her little' boy/ Then she told me, Miss, how you tried once to save her from drowning, and how she wished you had let her die then, that she might have been spared so' much misery and sin. This morn ing, quite early like, she knocked at my door ; never shall 'I forget her look as she said, ? Baby is dead ! I am going out.' She was quite calm, arid did'nt shed a tear, but her eyes looked wild like. I went up— I soon went up to her room, and there lay the poor little thing dead. I washed and dressed it, and laid it in its little cot ; all day. I watched and waited for its poor mother to come back, but she never came. So I thought, Miss, I would make bold and come to you, as mayhap you might have seen her. I found the bit of paper with a name on it, and there is another letter or something on that table, if you would please to look at it.' Almost mechanically, Alice moved to the table, followed by Charles. The letter of which the woman had spoken lay there open, as the wretched girl left it when she rushed from the house. At the same moment, tlieir eyes rested on these words : ' Abandoned by you, I had still my child to cling to : it is dead ; I can bear life no longer] May God have mercy on ub ! — Jessie.' 'I think this is the address, Miss,' said the woman ; ' I took a letter for her there once, soon after baby was born. How she did leng for an answer, poor thing ? but it never came.' The woman held towards Alice a torn, crumpled en velope; the name upon it was Reginald Marsden, Esq. Alice took the paper from the woman's hand, and gazed at it with a strange, half-vacant stare. Presently, rousing herself as from a trance, she whispered, ' What can we do ? Think for me, Charles, for I cannot.' Charles Marsden's first thought was to hurry Alice away. As they left the house they met Dr King. 'Dear MisB Alice,' said he hurriedly,' 'I have just left your aunt; I called to tell you that I think I have found your Jessie. It is a ead tale, though, A poor young woman, picked atrtu'frsrtti^r^^ just as I was leaving to-day. The house-surgeon aBked me to Bee her. . It -n as a long time before they could get life into her again, so I tried a remedy which I once found succeed when other means had failed. Gradually . she . came to, and was, able to speak before I left. As the nurses were chafing her hands, ft ring fell . off. I took it up, and . inside . were engraved the words, Jessie M. Moore, I think you told me was. the name. This poor thing does not look more than eighteen, so it is very likely your Jessie. But if you. do not mind coming with me to-morrow, you can judge for yourself.' The doctor soon left them. . .. .\, . .. .''.-.': ,'?''. '.'. ' ... '? ? '. 'Charles,' said AUice, ' I cannot go in j ust now, let us, walk round the square.' ,',-.. ' They walked up and down the smooth path for some time; in silence. Chavles Marsden looked, from time , to time, at his companion's sweet face. It was - as white as death, but calm as the face of an angel. No tears quivered upon the soft dark lashes that drooped over the tender blue eyes; the delicate mouth was now and then disturbed by a faint, tremulous motion, painfully expressive . of the speechless grief which had fallen so heavily on the untried heart. At last she murmured, rather to herself than Charles, ' Oh, how dreadful the thought that he should have been guilty of such cruelty — such dishonor ! Jessie — the girl whose life he saved, whom he knew in our happy home !' Charles attempted not to console, her ; he felt too keenly that he could, give no comfort here. No mortal voice, no mortal pity, could console her in such a grief, as this. How mournfully they paced those pleasant leafy enclosures which, Alice had looked upon so lately from her open window, listening to the merry voices of the children, and taking a .pleased interest in their games ! And now, in the bitterness of unutterable sorrow, she looked back at her past life, and wondered at its happiness. After a long silence, she stopped at the gate of the enclosure, and gave Charles her hand. 'No one must know this but him,' Bhe said ; ' I will take care of Jessie. Charles, I trust to you.' With a calm demeanour; but a beating heart, Alice accompanied Dr King to the hospital. In a small room off the accident-ward lay Jessie, a blank image of despair. She raised hot, heavy eyelids, as the doctor entered, but when she saw Alice a burning flush suffused her features, and she covered her face with her hands. Alice bent over her in silence. At length a tear fell on the bowed head, and a tender voice murmured, ' My poor Jessie ?¥' The doctor left them together. In the evening Charles Marsden called, and he also shunned all reference to his brother, except while Alice was out of the room, when he apolo gised to Miss Grafton for Reginald's absence. When he left, Alice followed him into the hall, and gave him a small packet for his brother. It contained the ring. Once. Miss Grafton spoke to her niece of Reginald Marsden : 'I take it for granted, dear Alice, that all is over between you and Mr Marsden. I seek not, dar uug, w luiuwyuat aeuxei, auu x nave buuu uuau dence in your strong sense and noble heart that I am sure that it is no girlish pique, no foolish mis understanding, that has separated you.' 'It is not indeed, ray dear aunt.' ' And Mr MarBden submits to your decision ?' aBked Miss Grafton. ' He does ; because he feels that I am right. The secret is of so painful a nature, dearest aunt, that if you would make me happy, pray never speak of it again.' When Jessie opened her heart, Alice had said, ' Jessie, if he offered to marry you, not loving you, but from a sense of duty, would you marry him ?' Jessie murmured, in a broken voice, ' If his child had lived I might have answered, yes ; but it is so different now. Do not think me proud, dear Miss Alice, but I cannot accept his pity.' Alice conveyed Jessie's answer to Reginald, and only added these words ; ' Jessie is my charge now.' Alice and her aunt now consulted seriously on Jessie's future. They thought it best that she should make a living for herself. She had a fine soprano voice, which, if cultivated, might give her independence. Alice's former singing master was willing to receive the penitent girl into his family, and give her instruction in singing for three years, at the end of which time she might be able to gain her own living, Jessie parted with her noble young protectress with tears of gratitude, and resolutely and industriously began her new career. Mr Leslie was so well satisfied with the beauty and flexibility of her voice, and pleased with her aptitude and gentleness, that' he begged that, if he succeeded, as he hoped, : in preparing her for a first class concert singer, she would come out under his name. A half-yearly visit to Attwood, and a regular and intimate correspondence, only increase Jessie's devotion to Alice, who -was her giaide, her coun sellor, and friend; and whef' in her profession her great beauty and brilliant voice laid her open to flattery and temptation, the memory of the one blot on her early life, and the love of the gentle being who had rescued her from ruin, preserved her from danger. Mr and Mrs Leslie, who had no children of their own, were as proud and almost as fond of her as if she had been their daughte-, and she still resided with them. Six years had passed when Alice received a letter, written in a hand whose well-known characters she could not, even now, trace without emotion. It contained these words .'—'Forgive me if I dare to break the long silence between us. For the pain which you suffered Bix long years since I ask not forgivensss ; I cannot forgive myself. In the calm sufficiency of your own pure life you cannot realise the desolateness of mine. The bright hopes that I once cherished blasted through my own crimes. I shunned society, and wrapped myself in my profession, I gained repute which brought no satisfaction, for I was alone. An angel once blessed my path, and though my own guilty madness had forfeited the blessing, still the memory of that pure love rendered all mercenary and unholy ties odious. 'You are, and have been for years, the load star of a far nobler heart than mine. I would not have it otherwise; still there is one who once loved me, whose tenderness I. feel I could repay with devotion, if she would only, let me make re paration for the dreadful past.' This letter caused Alice much anxiety. There could be so little sympathy now between the mis anthropic barrister and the beautiful songstress, -whose abort career in public, had been one ovation gave her, and Alice thought that, at all events, they had. better meet. . She therefore begged her aunt to invite the two brothers to meet them at Christmas, which festive season Jessie was to spend at Attwood, Miss Grafton, not a little sur prised at the request, acceded to it, and sent an invitation to both the brothers. - It was a snowy afternoon when. Charles ; and Reginald Marsden arrived at Exeter, and pro ceeded on the branch line to Attwood. The train, impeded by the snow, which had been par tially cleared from the line, moved slowly on. It had nearly reached the Attwood station when the danger- whistle sounded, and a red light gleamed in the distance. There was a sudden jerk — a crpah. The engine was' off the lines. Shrill screams of terror now arose on all sides. Lights andihelp were quickly on the spot. The two car riages next to the engine were shattered ; several persons were seriously injured. Charles Mars den was not hurt : Reginald was taken up insen sible. For a month Reginald was confined to hia room. Alice, with thoughtful kindness, had put off Jess e's visit, who happened to be wjith the Leslies, in Edinburgh, and so did not hear even of the accident ; and Alice had given her no in timation of whom she was likely to meet at Attwood. With a languid Btep, Reginald, for the first time, entered the sitting-room . Alice rose. .: She was very pale, and held out her hand. They looked into each other's face. What a change in both ! He, with the lines of care and. thought deeply graven on his features, haggard with, recent illneBs ; she with the trace of a deep sorrow on her sweet face. She wheeled a chair for Mm to the fire, and gently expressed her pleasure at his recovery. For -some minutes, he could not speak. At last, with a choked voice, he muttered, 'Alice, your forgivenness.' She gave him her hand. His hot tears fell on it, as he bent over it, and pressed it to his lips. On the next evening, Alice, her aunt, and Re ginald were together in the quiet little drawing room, in the dusky winter twilight, when Miss Leelie's arrival was announced. The young concert-singer, now an elegant- looking woman, greeted Alice and her aunt with the warmth of gratitude and affection ; then, seeing a stranger, paused. Miss Grafton hurriedly intreduced Re ginald, as a friend who had met with an accident on the railway. Mr Marsden and Jessie saluted each other with the cold recognition of strangers. Alice drew her friend away — they evidently did not remember each other — she would tell her quietly next day. How daintily Alice arranged the bedroom which had beea prepared for the ex pected visitor ! Jessie smiled at the trouble her friend took with her simple toilette. Certainly the beautiful face and graceful figure needed not the ornament of dress. They returned to the drawingroom. The lamp had not yet been lighted. Reginald Marsden was seated in an easy chair, between the fireplace and the piano, which, had been moved into a cosy The red blaze of the fire rose and fell, sometimes vividly illuminating the chamber with its cheer ful light, sometimes leaving it all in shadowy obscurity. Jessie and Alice seated themselves near the window, and at a considerable distance from the invalid. Presently, however, in the course of an animated conversation about music, the young songstress alluded to a duet which she wanted Alice to learn. . ' I have arranged your music on the piano, dear,' Alice said. , ' Will you fetch this wonder ful duet »' Jessie glanced shily at the fancied stranger ; but rising from her seat, crossed the room towards the open piano. Reginald watched the graceful figure with a listless glance j but as she approached him the bbze flashed suddenly upwards, and for a mo ment all was as bright as day. Reginald Marsden started from his halfreclin ing position, as if he had seen a ghost. ' Merciful heaven 1' he exclaimed ; ' Jessie, Jessie, my wronged, unhappy girl.' He fell on his knees at her ieet, lifting his pale face towards her own. He remembered nothing but her sorrows and her devotion. 'Alice,' he cried, 'Alice, angel of my . life, this is your work.' 'It is, Reginald,' sobbed Jessie; 'but fer that noble friend I should indeed have been ut terly lost.' ' But you have been saved, Jessie, and it is not yet too late to atone. Alice has taught me my duty. My poor girl I to think that I should not have known you !' Two months later there was a quiet wedding. Charles MarBden, Alice, and Miss Grafton alone were present. Mr and Mrs Marsden went to pass some months in Italy. Reginald's constitution had sustained too severe a shock to permit him, for a long time, to resume his profession, even if he should ever be nhle tn fin Rn. Tt was likelv that. tVin roil wftv r-nm- pany would be obliged to give him large damages ; still his wife felt with honest pride that she, too, could contribute to his support. A few weeks after the wedding, Alice received the following letter :— . 'Deak Alice,— Feelings of delicacy towards you, and pity towards my brother, have made me lock up in my own heart sentiments of admiration, affection, reverence; which to have revealed, would have been the happiness, the glory of my life. Can you, will you accept them now : I ask, not for that angel's love you once felt for another. Alas I I loved you then, and would cheerfully have given my life to have saved you one ?pan5- From boyhood you have been the bright star of zny life. Alice, I love you with the whole trust of my bouI — with the whole strength of my being. Will you accept this love ? ' Charlbs.' In a few months there was a second wedding, as simple in its arrangements us the first, and almoBt immediately afterwards Alice and her aunt left Attwood, and went to live at the par sonage house of Charles Marsden's new parish. A Trade's Hall for Ballaarat. — A deputa tion from some of the trades' societies waited on Monday, on the Western Council, for the purpose of obtaining a portion of ground on the town re reserve on which to erect a Trades' Hall. The deputation said they proposed to expend £3000 in the erection of the building, and would use it for meetings and lectures, and would convert it into a sort of Mechanics' Institute* 