V.—AGRTCULTURAL. RUST IN WHEAT. [From our Tanunda Correspondent.] On Wednesday, October 8, we were favored by Dr. [?] with one of his interesting lectures. The subject was one now engrossing very general attention amongst farmers, namely, the " Black Rust." The lecture was well attended, the large room of the Tanunda Hotel being nearly filled. Dr. Mucke lia9 kindly supplied me with his notes from which to make extracts, but as the subject is of the utmost im portance to most of your readers I have thought it best to translate them in loto, particularly as I do not feel able to abridge such a masterly lecture without considerably injuring it. Dr. Mucka spoke as follows—lt is often very difficult to determine the nearest causes of a disease, but without such knowledge a cure is impossible. A Tery severe enemy is now invading our peaceful fields. For years he has been watching our boundaries and has every now and then sent bis advance guards, but for the last two years he has been approaching with his armies slowly bat irresistibly. He has cost iv more than £1,000,000 already. And how do we arm ourselves against this fell destroyer? How do we combat the enemy? For although these ques tions may not be easily answered, this much we know, that this enemy if left -to himself wul not quit the battle-field till all is a desert, and he himself dies for want of food. This terrible enemy, the Black Bust, is better known at home than here. He is one of a long list of land plagues which visit earth from time to time, sometimes suddenly, at other times slowly and gradually; then marching on giant like, not to be combated, or, like a shadowy ghost, passing over the earth, neither oceans nor the highest mountains stemming its course. But few rightly estimate the consequences of these plagues in their gigantic forms! Who here in Australia thinks now of*the frightfully destructive effects of the potato disease in 1845 ? This disease appeared first in its native land, America, in 1813; then, it traversed the ocean, and made its appearance in Europe in a terri ble manner—without precedent in the history of agriculture—devastating nine-tenths of the potato growing districts to the extent of a third, a half, and sometimes the whole of the crop. Dr. Mucke then gave an outline of the history of the potato disease and its consequences; also, the similar disease of the grape, and thus continued:—Both these diseases be- j loug to the same great root to which the now threatening disease of the corn—the rust—belongs. Their exact nature is still but very little known. The way to arrive at that knowledge is as troublesome as it is difficult, and requires us to penetrate into the deep dark mysteries of Nature. What we at present know for certain we owe for the most part to the microscope. There are two quite different opinions as to the nature of these diseases —the one looking for it in the rust itself (or mushroom, as we may call it), the oilier being that the mushrooms are only the conse quences of the disease. But those theories are only superficial, and have but little credit with scientific men. Certainly climate, bad teed, and exhausted soil may produce rust as its consequences, but it is only because the plant is thus made more adapted for the development of the disease. The disease is not thus created. We know also, and Australia gives the proof, that for several years the rust appeared in wet us well as dry seasons, before or after rain, on fresh as on long-cultivated ground, on clay, bay of Biscay, or sand soil, on hills and in valleys. Certainly it seems that on hilly ground, with a clay subsoil, the disease is more prevalent, sadden, and destructive: but this again is only because it is more fertile. The rust will appear in early or late, dry or vet sown wheat; also with all kind of seed. Last year it seemed as if the " prolific wheat" was better able to withstand the attacks of the rust, but this year many find it most prevalent in that seed. Others again say the same of the " red straw." It appears very often in undressed wheat, but even well dressed is not execpted. All these different accounts tend to the conclusion that nono of them indicate the true reasons for the disease. Nor is a little insect the cause, as a farmer near Hahndorf stated some time ago in a letter to the Remitter. I hare examined a lot of these little animals anatomically 'by the microscope, and found in their stomachs a number of the nut seeds, proving that the insects are not the cause of the rust, but on the contrary, are attracted by it and consume the same. Certain facts as well as the revelations of the microscope prove that these diseases of the corn, potatoes, vine, &c.; are similar in kind and only different in species, and like epidemical diseases appear and progress in the same way, and it is also proved that the disease falls upon its victims from outside, or is, as it is called "infectious." The disease doubtless comes from outside; the seed of the disease is in the air. I have inspected the disease in all its grades on a great many haulms of wheat and found with all that the first appearance is to be looked for on the leaves. From there it penetrates into the cells of the haulm, to the root and to the crown, if we examine the stuff of this plague more minutely we will find in all the cells of the plant, according to the state of the disease, a reddish dustlike mass, j j which when more developed is perfectly visible to ( the eye, and it will color the hands and clothes of the reaper. This dust consists of innumerable little mushrooms, which according to Beiehenbach's system belong to the great family of "Blastomycetes " and derive their origin from water and air they always live as a sponge on and in living plants. Every individual mushroom forms an egg and every species has its regular shape. When the mushroom has arrived at maturity it bursts and distri butes an innumerable number of young mushrooms, which at once find food in the cellular tissues of the plant, and get developed there. When the cells break or the plant dies, the air and the earth receive the invisible seed and carry it further. If such an atom falls on a susceptible plant it penetrates through the pores into the leaf, and creates an irritation, which gets stronger by the multiplication of the mushrooms in the cells of the plant. Through this necessarily the fluid of the cell gets changed and penetrates into the succeeding cell, and in accordance with well known lawa of the mixture of fluids that were parted by membranes, they mount at last to the top and go down to the root. This is instructively noticeable in an infected potato plant. The infection coming from outside and preying upon the plant, exerts an exhaust ing influence, or as called by some a poisoning of the plant. The infection only takes place in the young plant, as before the formation of the fruit the juice has a quicker course. After that no penetration of the seed from outside occurs. My examinations, as they stand alone, without exact knowledge of exa minations and discoveries made elsewhere, may be very defective, but it appears to me that my opinion cannot be far wrong. I look in vain for other causes that may be taken as the reason of the disease. I have already mentioned that difference in soil, tem perature, cnlture, &c;, &c.;, can never be the cause of the disease, but nevertheless I admit that these reasons may have an influence on its more or less violent ra vages. Having shown the causes and forms of the disease let us now see what we can now do to cure it. If in reality this plague comes from the outside in the manner explained and falls first on the more suscep tible plants, we must draw our attention to two things : first the susceptiveness of the young plant, and then the infective stuff itself. It is true the knowledge of susceptiveness in man and beast as also in plants is stui enveloped in deep mystery. But at all events it is to be looked for in a sickly or irritable conditiou. It must therefore be the endeavour of the farmer by means of good cidture, early sowing, choice of good seeds adapted for his soil, to grow strong plants from the onset. This may be all that I can advise in this respect, for it is certain that strong and healthy plants withstand the infection better, and these plants are also in a more developed state before the warmer season wakes the light atoms and carries them abroad further. As regards the second, the infective stuff, the following may be advised -? —l. Choice of sound seed. It is very easy to understand that corn ripened between rusty haulms must have received some of the mushroom dust that floats invisibly in the air. To prevent danger from this source the dressing of theseedhasin most cases (although not always) proved effective. We must bevery careful that every corn is well into the lye, and that it stops there for a sufficient period, and that after the lye is led off, the moisture that sticks to the corn dries on it. But this only saves sound seeds. All corn not quite developed, light, slightly crushed, and those that bear the germ of the disease in them will not be saved. I would strongly recommend a vessel for the lye which will leave 4 to 6 inches of it above the corn, so that the lighter corn which comes to the top, if thoroughly stirred about, may be taken oil*. Second, I would most urgently impress upon farmers the necessity of destroying all infected plants as soon as possible, and as fkr as practicable. It is not advisable to use them as food, for they are under certain circumstances neither nutritious nor healthy; and it is quite certain that the mushroom dust will not bedestroyed but will find its way again into the ground in the manure. The b<3st plau is to burn the infected plants that are removed from the crop. This is, up to the present time, all that experience and science bare shosrn, so far as I am aware, of the nature and means of eradicating this terrible scourge. By polling out the plants affected by the rust we destroy milliards of eesds, the rapid propagation of which defies all calculation. By careful culture, and ohoice and treatment of the 6eed, we limit the danger, and we must then wait with patience and confidence for that period when those inexplicable mixtures of the j air are either abated or have taken another course. T'lieso dark apparitions in nature all happen accord ing to the will of Him who rules the world, and in the end they may torn out a boon to mankind. 