durras XIX. I need scarcely tell yon, dear reader, that Frank did not obtain a Government appointment. I need scarcely aay that little Jimmy Towed eternal vengeance against the in- visible Budgott ; it boots not to tell that Frank, after some trouble, succeeded in finding tha treasure hidden in the mountains ; and that he did not succeed iu finding the wife and child of the unfortunate man whom he had left ia prison, and of whose escape and anbseqnent fate in the bash he had beard and read in the daily papers. The police, aided by' the native tracker«, had followed him, but had overtaken him, alas, too late ; the native dogs and birda of prey had already commenced their hideous work, and could with difficulty be driven away from his scarcely cold corpse. The only intelligence Frank coold obtain with regard to those of whom he was ia search, wa?, that a woman and child answering the description he gave had lived at the address given by the Major, bat that they had gone some short time before ; gone, no one could tell whittier. After many fruitless enquiries, however, he learnt that the per. sons of wham he was in search had left Sydnsy for Mel- bourne, and thither he determined to follow them. On his arrival there, he tracked them from place to place until he found that they had sailed thence to England ; the reason for thia proceeding being that the wi'e bad heard that her husband had gone thither, and had, from the force of cir oom stances, been unable to apprize her of the fact, and to England did Frank determine to fol'ow them. Ky story, nsw, gentle «ador, must lake another skip book over the broad waters of the ocean lying between these Colonies and tho Mother Country ; and, by your leave, yon at tut accompany me once more to the cottage of my Uncle Jahn. Now, although we, that is, yon and I, dear reader, hara, since we parted with that worthy gentleman, been wrutderiag over tbe wilds of Australia ia company with bushrangers, stockmen, gold-diggers, colonial patriots, sqoattars, and adventurers of all kinda, atilt we must not forget that when we last parted with him he ad ia a mansar purchased the infant so singularly saved from per« libing in tho snow, from the parish by the payment of a çoed lound sam to the parish poor-box. Now, it would be aa insult fe> your understanding- did I profess to think, for atingía memeat, that yon were but imperfectly aware that lids identical obild, and the identical woman, its mother, «aai^of coursa, be the wife and daughter of the unhappy I man who perished ao miserably in the bash, as recorded ia the last chapter. My Unela Jahn was not one of those men who say one thing and mean another : be said that he intended to adopt the motherless child as bis own, and he did it. I am not, at present, prepared to say which of the two my uncle John, or bia man Tom, laid the most positive claim to having the absolute control of the bringing np of the infant ; bat I am inclined to think that whenever tho question was mooted, it invariably led to a kind of debate on the philosophy of rearing children between the two, whioh, as my Uncle John did not lay the slightest claim to knowing anything abont and Toni professed to understand it in ita minutest detail, invariably terminated ia fnvaur of the latter. Be that os it mar, however, I only know that, altogether, the child stood as good a chance of .being as completley spolied as any child need be; when one fine morning, a'lout three weeks after it had become, as was sttppossd, a psrmment in- habitant of my Uncle John's house, and when the qniet village of Suttra was just relapsing into its normal stats of quietude, who should tara up, to upset all the arrange- ments, but our friend Fr .ink front tha other aide of the world. "Bat, Sir," said my Uuole John, after Frank had explain« ed fully the grounds on which he found )d his claim ' suppose I don't feel inclined to giro up the child ?" "Iconanly say," returned Frank, " that I leave it to your own good feeling, as to who has the greatest right to look after the poor thing ; she is, as I have informed yon, the daughter, the oaly child of my father's brother, who with his almost last breath, consigned ber to my eire, and I am sure, that you, who hara so just a souse of what ls dna to oar coalman humanity, w uld not debar me from per- forming that pirti confided to me by the greatest human authority, her father." My Uncle John was staggered ; he did not know what to do, and «uld oaly reply," Well, what yon say is very true, still, considering that I rescued her from the snow and from the workhouse, I think I have a kind of claim to her." "But," replied Frank, " her father committed ber into ruy care, and nob only that, but I bare in trust, a fortune for her, a fortune whioh will serve to educate her, and - " Fortune ba hanged," answered my Uncle Job n bastilr, " do you imagine, air that I am a pauper ? do you fancy that the child will need go beggiag if she remain with me Î is that what you're afraid of, sir! if so, I can tell you that yoa'd better keep her fortune. I dare aay that there'll be enough for her when I'm in my grave." It waa Just at this j anet uro that Tom cime into tbe room. "Did you call, sir!" said he, "because I heerd,"-but tho artfully contrived excuse for earning to see what the high words were about, fulled him, for he did not get any urther, but stared as if he had aeen a ghost. Frank, too, seemed struck with astonishment and stood speech- less. " Well,'' ejaculated Tom, at length, " I will be blowed, if it ain't'im, ¡fa bis ghost surely 7 I beg your pardon air, for axin cf you, but was ye iver in Australy ? ' "I have only just returned from Australia waa the an- swer. " I know'd it well, and doa't you remember meî" " You don't mean to aay,' said Frank, " that you ore the man who accosted me in the Domain, in Sydney, and who ao generously offered me assistance !" Tom nodded, and said, " The very Identical floté, arid how ace you, and I'm clad to see yon back ¡for my word, you did seem dawn in the month, that day, asd no mis- take." " Oh, you know- one another, do you !" said Uncle John ; "and now, Tom, let me tell yon that this gentleman, whom you appear to have met before, has coane hither for tbe pur- pose of taking away our little girl from os," " No 1" ejaculated Tom, "It's a fact," laid BIT Unele John. rt Gammon," said Tom. '* I tell TOO. it's trae," aaid Uaele John. " It can't be done," Baid Tom. " Allow me to explain,' laid Prank. " Explain be blowM,*' aaid Tom. " Do jon mean to aa j as you've cjme here ta tske away that child Î jon won't do it, I can tell jon ; I see how it is, that there confounded poor-boose agin ! «ell, I did think jon waa a different sort of a chap nor to go atealin* babbies to put 'em in the work- house t however, I can only tell jon that it won't do, you don t get ber, leastways, net if L know it." The end of it all wa«, that tba matter bad to be com- promised, and, that instead of the child bocomiig the whole and aolo property cf my Uncle John, as he at first in- ten ded she should be, his Inter est in her was divided into two parts, and she wu brought up at the bonse of Frank's mother .- this proviso being, however, insisted OB by both my Uncle John and Tom, that three months at the very east, ia every year should be spent by her at the pretty little cottage in Sntton, where she bad been rescued from the snow-storm which had proved so fatal to her mother. Gentle reader, my tale is ended, rather abruptly pcrhap > but what matter Î I have left everybody happy, and that is all a novel writer is expected to do. Everybody did I aay ? Ob na ! I forgot our friends at the other side of the world, and first Little Jimmy. I am glad to say, if only for the sake of justice, that he did catch his member, and it waa cn thia wise. He had taken the train to Parramatta, having ar. ranged with Ned his - stockman to meet him at Windsor, and go overland to the " Nor'ard," when, as it started, he saw walking away from the platform, and evidently returning from bb biding place, wherever that had been to Sydney, no less a person than that gentleman ; be mode an attempt to Jump out of the railway carriage, and would, donbtlees( had be. been able to do BO, have inflicted summary punish- ment on the offender, bat the door was looked, and tba train was moving, ao be was obliged to contînt himself with abating his fist at Ur. Budgett'a retreating form, and mutter threats of eternal vengence. I bave no doubt that when he does catch bim, he will say to bim '' a word of a sort." Creeping Jack and his mate were found guilty, and doomed to death ; fen lenee of death was, however, recordei, and they were seat to Cockatoo Island for lifo. 