DEPOSITIONS FROM ^YORK * CASTUS.» MR. RAINE, the well-known Northern antiquary, who is editor of this, volume, has. lighted ;upon, what strikes us as quite a new field for the illus- tration of manners and ways of thinking1 in past times. ' There haye been several collections of re- markable trials, ¿otb political and otherwise, but !fhese,'almo8t by their very nature, relate mainly: to exceptional cases. Treasons and extraordinary murders,do,not happea every day. j But while these more famous offences illustrate' history in' one way, there is another class which illustrates it quite as fully in another "way." The records of smaller offences, such as do not find their'wny into "the great: collections of triáis, really!, throw more light upon the every- day life of, the'nation than those greater cases which are themselves matters of history. The collection of papers in York Castle has. never been before explored; Out of that nari of it which en'ntainn the depositions taken ' neiore mugm trates, Mr.'. Eoine has.' pot' together a volume which throws, much light upon'the every day goings on of people in the Northern counties two hundred years-hack. It is, in short,- one: of the best contributions of ita kind to historical knowledge which we have seen for a good while. ." Allowing for an occasional tendency to twaddle in point of style--it is merely in point of style Mr. Haine is an excellent editor. He - has given us a very good Introduction, which presents a clear view ol the general state of the. Northern countries at the timer to which''these depositions belong-namely, the half century be "ween 1640 and 1690. To each deposition Dhe! .adds one or more notes, explaining any focal; matters, which^a Southern reader would not understand, and often telling us, from other sources^-,which, of .pourac, the deposition itself does not tell us-^what became of the accused person - at vhis-' final trial.Mr. Kaine's local knowledge' and local' research^hete stand bim in excellent stead. AIL tl\at we com- plain of is a certain' habit of sticking, in 'rather! common-place reflections with, notes of admiration1 1 after them. ' ' "- _: . ' Mr. Baine's*Introduction gives us a. very! good' summary of the historical information to be, drawn ' from these depositions. Many of them relate to j offences which bave pretty well vanished: from' J among us. A large proportion of a magistrate's 3 . DepotilionM from the CattU of Tori, relating to Of ? ftnett committed in the Northtrn'Countiei iii'the teven Uenth Century. Fabltshed bj tho Bart«os Society. Pur 1 han » Andrews. '. riméis tbejBewnteenJh century, »^s ó\xapi^>wjt]t. Jjstening .to, charges- of witchcraft and of the lesser ? class, ol r.politïç»l._offences. ..r, Seditious wórds*T---a thing et\f which' we hardly ever hear ; nbw-form r one t of' ,the commocest matters '. of accusation, and ' there' a> ems ' to have been a peati'eut class of informers, specially given to report'their neighbours'1 indiscretions in this way. I But of course What sort of words were to be L deemed seditious 'differed very much at different f times between 1640 aud 1690.' Thus, in 1657, 1058, and as late as October l5tb, 1059, we have ' accusations of treason and si dillons words, in j which the crime is always speaking or acting on ¡ behalf of ^Charles Stuart ; while from May 13th, ¡ 16ÙÔ, onwards, we have a long list of pesons j whose" sedition consists in speaking ag-inst the 'said Charles, Stuart, u.w become- our Most Gracious Sovereign Lord King Charles. In the ,' like sort, we have accusations for using the Book ' of Common Prayer and accusations for speaking against it. But, whether K'ng of Parliament is ! uppe most, two classes bf people come in elike for \- the severity of both. Theseare the Papistsand j the Quakers. > At the persecutions of the latter we j really . cannot wonder. If words canj as the î Psalmist: say, be 4' very swords," the Quakers of j those days were the most . pugnacious of men. i Whether under Bishop or Presbyter, whether ; under King or Protector, it was hardly to be en* I dured that prophets and prophetesses should come j into churches and courts of justice, 'átíd_ call the , ministers and judges '' blind beasts,"," priests of i Baal,"liars," " Antichrists," and "other re-: í viling language." Then thire are depositions against unfortunate priests for being priests, and , whola" lists "of recusants bf every degree. A « straBger kind of fanatio than all Í3 a woman ; vaguely called "Jaine," who appears at New Mal >' ton in 1052, andjleadg away much people in a won- derful sort." 'Mr. Hjokson, tko thèn " preacher of : the word " in Now Malton, not unnaturally ; complains :-. That one Jaine came unto tba towr.eof New Malton about thro weekes agoc, and bath indearoured by delusion to draws his people away from him, and told the people that he was .a blind guid, a theife, and a robber. Upon' which occasion a great .nomVer of tho people are drawn? from coming to the qburch ? to beare sermons, and doe usually abuse him and call him a theife and a robber, and : doe rails against the mlnisterlall fnnotion.- P.55 Some of his congregation seem to have been touched in yet tenderer relations : Major Baldon, of New Malton,' saith.' that the said Jaine hath br delusion drawno the aflecolon of his wife from bim,' soe as he cannott keepe ber at boma for this Jaine, bu", she doth deiewd and drawe ter away': and be hath wanted 'her many days and one night, and often she hath corned ,'? into his noose at unseasonable times ,at night home ; . and . she saith .that she ought not toownehim any more. than. ' another man. Ha went to Roger Hebden'» house and /bond I the said Jalna and his wife amongst* hundred people, and' he. desired his wife to goo home, aud sho said that she would j not, gre, neither could she goe. And some of that portie threw ' bim violently downe the stares,' and putt him' in danger of his life, and strookehim on the brest.'- P.57.' j Other people whowero always hardly'dealt with were tho Gipsies. Mr. Raine quotes, a case of earlier date, ,1692, when five p. ople were hanged at Durham '' for being Egyptians." Another' batch .seems to' have been executed at York' in' 1649:50, yet nothing worse is proved against them' 'than telling fortunes.-- . .' .. ....'' ,. ', , tbout the Quakers Mr. Raine tells a good story is. Introduction :--, . ' * \ !j One instance, of this kind (Indiorous enoaghl happened at Orton. Mc'Forthergill, vicar.'there, one Sunday ex- changed pulpits with.Mr. Dalton of Shap, who had but one eye.' A Quaker stalking asusualinto the chnrch of Orton, whilst Mr., Dalton,, ' ia preaching, sajs, " Come down, thoa lUi.1 M. J 1 *.M*V »-? --- - tj J3'.. . . . rf - , * th1» Qnaker. i U That spirit'of thine is a lying spirit," says the other; "for ¡tis well lc-own I sm not Fothergill, but 'peed Dalton of Shsp I"-Pp. xxiii- ir, . ,,' j Some of the depositions'are passing- strange. Here ia one William Mason charged for treason in 1649 50 before Iseac ^Newton, Esq., but his .treason seems to have a strong touch bf the.super- natural'in it : .; « . ,t. .("ra: .. v t ; »Willlanr Kirkham, of ÎRivis, sayth, that onetWm Mason of Kewless did ¡relate to this informant: that, ha brought a woman unto his brother'»,,Bober», Mason'^bedd svde at Olde Eyland, in the night tima, «a they were in bedd together This informer then asked him whether or noa it was a substantial! bodv, and how he could - SIM or. peroeave her in tha darke !.. Whoo answered that when it was darb« ! j to this r infqrmant, it. i ,waa. light .to , him. He asked ' tho said Mason', how h'e 'darsitó do . these and other ¡ 'strange' matters' amongst tho t oldters least they should ifalt: opoh- him and ': kill himt Ho i'»«wared ¡that he hadfiwd them soe..that they bad neither powor to pistooU hîm"st*bb, him, kill, or cutt Wm. This informant 'further'telling'the saidMnBon that, if he could not make Igood" the "charge : whioh he had . farmed against ' Riobard iBoulbj's wife he did ?'<" beteeve the ju-tioes at tho sessions | , would;- ootamilte. bim to-, the gaolo : or.house of oorreoctou. Whereunto ha answored, if they did soe hfl would maka '¡soma'others foliowe him j and, when they were fast; he I ! would goa out at bis pleasure. 1 Further..asking the said , IMsson whether or no'there thonld be aTCing, in England, ' .he answered he would warrant there should bee a King, and ' .'that verv abort ely.-P.55. .. , >~ .. ?? >» ,. , 'scarcely be credited :- ;; Jr;i, : _..:¿.t: *' '. ''? ,Au(roBt-13i l650. ^BeforeJo.Slanhope-., Henry Walker; of ,Mirfei)d, clothier,, say th that, npoa Sunday ioorning last ¡but one, hee goeing to "the bowse of Ann» Crowther, of ;MIrfield, she, haveing bnryed ber fcusband about three weekes before; made b great lamentation to bim for want of ' some, hebe to gelt her come.'. Whereupon be told, her that I bee would helpo .her to a man which would helps to i gett her' harvest, and 'told her "the/ «syd man was a widower ' and that, if they pleased, thay m'i^ht make a marriage to- gether. Shear asked -bim of what ago be waa, «nd waa so I importunate with him to have a alght of. tho maa that the ;pr^eure4t him; the sail day to goa for him to Howlett, I'whare he dwell, andient him her mare, and offered to pay j him for his. paynes. Whereupon this informant went to j Hnnslett, the sa d day,: and procured John Walker to come . along with him.. And John Walkers and Anne Crowther !> meeting together the sayd Sunday att night after som9 con i. ferepce betwixt them, the said Anne expressed beo^eUe I bim along with her to her howse ; -And, on Monday alter, j they did agree to tie marryed together-on Tuesday,, and I ware ; marrjred br' Air. Robert Allanson; vicar of Mirfleld WB ? Ullliju VJ "..-_ mdnpon Thursday abe went to tba said John's bedside, nd lifted 'Up the eloathes and< desyred him to gett up rhich he did. And abe desyred him to gao forth of doors, nd did deny to lett him come into her howse -Pp. 31, SS. In 166G we'fipd an honest Yorkshireman, who, is. far as we ean understand .the tale, sees, a ghost, md forthwith goes to a: magistrate, seemingly to ntbrm against the ghost. But he must'tell his inn story':-'.\? i,\ ' V!. ; ;. June 56,1668. Before Franois Barker, Esq. .John-Bow- man, of Greenhill, co Darby, taylor, saith, that, upon the 1 Tuesday before Aasention Day last, bee was comeing home Dram Sheffield market on the footway towarda Higbley ; and , about the mid-way there was one John Bromhead overtooke : him, and they past along until! they came against the entier* bridge. And when they carno, at the said bridge, they had norna discourse, conoerneing sn apparition that had biene seenè theere, aa it was reported, in toe shape and coe pondi form» of a man that they culled Earle George.' And aa they-were apeakeingé of itt, of a sudden there visibly ap- peared unto them a nun tyke onto a.pjnce with greene doublet and ruff/end hsldinge a brächet« in bia bando.: Whereupon this eliminate was ecrelye affrighted and fell Into a swodnd or trannce, and contynaed in the same, as bee! ooneeivetb, tor the space bf atonte balfe an boors. A ad ?when he awakend he saw a man passings with two loodend bones; and be went with him toward ea Highley.-Pp.- 161. 169\. > ; - , ' . Among the prisoners confined at York for re- cusancy in 1685 we find : The worabipfni Mary and Hargarett Hore, living in thia country upon a farm of their mother's, were co tn mitt to pre- muniré (ttç said Margarett djed in prison), the daughters of Thomas More, Esq., the grandchildren of Chrizakor More, who wai tho grandchild of Sir Thomas More, quondam bord ChaDcelour -of England. -The prisoner, is herself» ¡and fansiily, loyall, and a great sufferer.-P. 278.- .. .. | ??- -In 1668, the communion plate and other om* Bâme tV-la us, ia MB note that"tbey were " replaced . by the v^car, OharleB Anthony, wn? dedicatecllhl . new ones with a Latín prayer,' which Mr. Balde ; gives at length. Is there ecclesiastical authority ; for any suck ceremony ? The Presbyterian rising in 1663 is an event hardly, anown to ordinary readers, a» the common ; histories of England despatch it in three or fi ur lines. As it took place in the Northern comities, there is a good deal about it in tbepresent volume. It was a serious business ; at least twenty-six men were executed, and many, others kept in prison,, bound over to good behaviour, S.e. There are many depositions against the persons who took a part in this affair, whose"history Mr. lUinc sums up as follows : The most striking political offene« recorded in this volume is tho great Presbyterian rising in October, 1663. That powerful party bad many real or imaginary grievances to arouse it. The neglect of that sovereign whom they had placed opon the throne-the vices that be countenanced and practised-tho black Bartholomew Act that emptied so many palpita-generated mach bitterness and discontent. They broke ont st last in open rebellion. A conspiracy was organised at Harrogate »nd Knares borongb, which spread its ramifications through the whole of the Northern counties, liberty of conscience was the ohief watchword of the insurgents. But, although there was mach energy «nd determination evinced, they had neither system nor plan. . There., was no* leader of any name to give his authority to the movement, for men like Fairfax and Wharton held themselves cautiously alapf. There, wera t:o many masters, with no presiding genial to direct them. The house, therefore, whilst it was in the buil let's hands ornmblttd to the ground. The night of tba 15th of October witnessed the beginning and the ending of the Westtnor land plot. The Biaboprio men arose at the same time and with a similar reenlt. In Yorkshire, however, seme large preparations had been made. Farneley *qod, near Leeds, wss the rendecvous of the insurgents, who assembled thereon the night of the IS th in some force, and actually threw np intrenohments, which were abandoned at the approach of day. Concealment was impossible, and the Cavaliers were at once acion them. Numerous arrests were'made throngont the North of England, and in the wint r a special assize was held, at which the offenders were brought to the bar. Twenty-two were executed in York- shire, and fonr at Appleby. Many othera were kept in prison for a long time ; and so severe an example was made that the flames of treason were thoroughly stamped oat. Pp. iii.-xix. .Mr. Eaine has some remarks on the horrible state of the prisons, and tho cruelty and corruption of tho gaolers during the times with which he deals. Be sums up with this account of some of the worst :-T ': Peter prison in York, and tho boldon Tase Bridge, wera a disgrace to any civilised country. The celia in the latter place'would elmost have rivalled the notorious Black-bole. Air, light, and ventilation wera absent, and the waters of the river rushed in when they were above their usual level. The oas tie of Newcastle, apon-Tyne was a dreadful den, bot it was far eclipsed by .the Bishop's prison in the palatine oity ot Durham.- It seems to have oonsistrd of a succession of dungeons one below the other, descending into far the ground I-Pp. xxxlv.-«xv. Altogether, we have ip 'thank the Surtees Society-7-one of the very few publishing Societies which go' on and flourish--for a volume throwing real light both on local and general history. Saturday Review, May 24. . ' A SOTJTU AOBTBAMAK OB ATO a.--The S'uth Avstraltan AavtrlUtr, of tbe 27th ultimo, report» tho following ora. tonal gem delivered In the ! House of Assembly, on the question of Amending the Conititutiotr Act of that colony. It will te found amusing and suggestive .--Mr. Coglin would say a few words on the tory Impartant toplo before the House. In the first place tho Hon; the Chief Secretary, the head of the department, invited his colleagues toshow them how unadvisable it was to alter that glorioua Consti- tution wbioh had been gracioukly given to them by her Majesty,, ber throne-and dignity. -.Boars of laughter.) Many evasive answers had been «iven to tho powerful argu proposed by the hon. member for the City, Mr. Reynolds, showed that they were ignorant of the subject. Tho course pursued by the supporters of the resolutions wonld have the effect of setting one class against another. What need waa .there to alter the Constitution ? The oipitalists would be the only class who would benefit by it ; they wara . dominet ring, preponderating olasa, "who wonld crush o'her classes to tbe earth like a piooa of pap tr, as ho might say. (Laughter.) Was the property class to have votes in dif- ferent electoral districts t When he asked that question, the Government conld not answer it ; should the capi- talist have eighteen votes against tbe one vote of tba poor maa t Who were tho ' aristocracy-the property classes of the colony? It took a colonial man like him (Mr. Coglin) with a deep, vivid, and discerning eye-(shouts of laughter) -with thirty years' experionce in this and the other colonies, to understand it. (Laughter.) He had gotin tho way of taking an acorirata colonial synopsis of matters. (Laughter,) As to the Political Association, it bad a beneficial tendenoy ; it had elioited talent, and brought together many distingtuMied indirduals The bon.member [ for Yatala, in his luoid grammatical style- (loud laughter) ' alluded to him - (laughter)-as tho Hibernian member on i an ¿ocasión when he said '; No no and that luoldgram 1 matioal member-(loud laughter-bad the assuming auda ' city to say- [Here we missed the point in the loud laugh Ur ' that ensued.] , He would next come to the millonario of ' tbe colony, , tbe hon. member for Minders, who he was I sorry not to see in his place that he might boar the gaze of his t Mr. Coglin's) acute, vivid, and rigorous eye. (Boara ! of'laughter.;) That hon. member spoke of tho workingmen 1 as a" worthless and dissolute mob, becasso fortune bad not i favoured them as it had the hon. member. (No, no.) He l called them idle and dissolute, and unfit for society. (Noi no.) Ile thohgbt snob langnage as mat uucaucu >Ui initiait house.* (Hear, bear.) Ho would, however, say no more respecting that hon. member's speech, as he was not in his place ; .but with all the arguments which had been brought forward by the other aide, he had heard nothing to make him alter his opinion. He should vote for Hr. Kingston's motion, and until other ideas were instilled into nis very inner man- (laughter) - he would not do otherwise The question should bo rationally and dispos stonntely discussed. He (Mr. Coglin) spoke regardless of anything likely to accrue from what ho said. Why should they bo deprived of universal sufreroge, and oppressd with rigorous measures'? They had heard several hon. mem- bers speak in a prolongated Btyle of remark-(laughter) i and he might, go on longer himself, bub with these few re ', marks ho wonTd oppose tho resolutions. While he had the honour to represent one of the moat important and en« lightened constituencies.in the colony, he wonld be a dis- honest political man todo otherwise , and when be went to the general election, which was approaching, he ' would sot be ashamed1 of thejvote.that he gave on that occasion. THE CcNsrn.'M .01 TBS BAKEBS.-On .Satnrdty, a public ruuBiinKot operuiive bakers waa beld at tbe Mont, fe'. 1er Arms, Brompton,*' for the purpose of 01 guising tb*: Mad J ie order to aboliab bight work.!*' Mr. Tnomeon la tba onair."-Tba Chairman said that heteltmora and more confident that their cadna belonged to tbatight and ibo true.; i He asked them not to lose sight of tho end in view^-tbe jaboliUan of the obnoxious system of night work; Thal end was only to bo obtained by a strong de- termination to act - with nnity, and to go boldly forward iq an unanimous and decided lina ofaotion. The ama!, gamated society bad Btirted broncho« io a great many provincial towns. The subtedption was only twopence per week, and at tbe expiration of twelve months waa eisen to tbe rolativeâ ol a deceased member. He , concluded by urging upon the trade the necessity of sop. ( purling ibo central commtttea io their effotls to hßtter iba. condition ol the journeymen. Ur. Ward then > moved tbe first résiliation as follows :-" That this , mooting pledges itself to assist the central Com mitte 6 _ ot the Amalgamated Sooiety ol Operative Bakcra ia their i endeavours to organise the men engtged in tba baking ttade to abolish night work and reduce tbe boars cf " labour to twelve nar dav. meal time inalndej." Mr. UcNcught seoonded tbs motion, «moa wa» tmmcu nimouslj. After iddiaesaa from Mr. Loidlorr, Mr. Dink, and other speakers, the following resolutions vere siso Tarried:--" Xbat thia meeting conside rs the fnnetat money allowed st the death t ( a biotbiT member a sufficient re mnneratioa fer tb« small contributions required to be I paid to tbe central committee, and that ve pledge our I selves to ase oar utmost endeavours to propagate tba doctrines of tbe union, sod odvise every one engaged in the trade to becomo a member of the Amalgamated Society." ."Attar hearing tba very ealiaootoiy accounts given by tba members of tho central board of the wo j tiley have and do intend to curry on tbe movemen', we, tba men assembled bera to-night, return our sincere thanks, and they may rest assured of oar co.opération »tai support." A vale of thinks was passed to tb» chair, raso, and tbs neeliog, wbjoh bad boea of a very entbn sieatis cb«riQter, then separated,.--Suniiry Titntt, lija 18th. j 