' TI1E NEWS OF THE DAY. The resignation by Mr Vincent Pyke of his seat, as member for Cistlsmaine has- been received, and yesterday the Speaker issued u writ for the elte tion of ? new member to serve in the Legislative Assembly f r that, district. The following arrange mants have been made -for the election : — Day of nomination) 6ih July; polling, IOth July; return of writ,.21st'July. ' , , . In the Supreme Court yesterday, in. the case of the St. Kilda nnd Brighton Railway Company ?x pnrte Dr Wilmott, a rule was moved for com pelling tho company to take up au award, by ?which Dr Wilmott was allotted by arbitrators a sum of money for land taken from him for the railway. Tnere was no appearance on behalf of the company; .arid' the application was granted with costs. A charge of insubordination wai preferred yestuday, at the Williamstown Police Court, against the second ofiiper. of the ship Vanguard. Mr Read- appealed-' for tho defence, aid Mr Siiillinglaw, the Harbour Shipping Matter, for the prosecution. At the outset, Mr Read raised an objection, that Mr Siiillinglaw had no right to pi ad, and upon this the ease was postponed until Monday n:xt. We had much pleasure yesterday in inspecting some beautiful landscape paintings by N. Cheva lier, E--q., r, presenting some of the more remark able scenery in Victoria, and taken by him whilst on a recc-nt tour in the interior of the colony. The views of some of the many picturesque spots ?whioh aie to be found among the Grampians and Victoria Range?, in the North- western distiiet, are particularly worthy of notice. Mr Chevalier accompanied Professor Neumayer, who was en gaged in the magnetic survey of the colony, and both gentlemen returned to town on Wednesday last, alter an absenco of three months. The Willinmntown Police Court wm aeoupiol yesterday with investigating a series of charges of breaches of the Passenger Act, brought against John Rogers, master, of the ship I'heciiix, and alleged to have been committed during the recent passage of that vei-ael from Liverpool to this port. The cuse had been previously gone into on Wednesday last, but was adjourned to permit of its being . dealt with .by a full bench, as Mr M'Firlane, tho Immigration Officer, laid the int' irma ion under the 35th' or penal sec tion of the act. The Phcenix sailed from Liver pool on. the 22nd February, and meeting with light and contrary winds, she made a long pas sage, not arriving here until Saturday, the 21st of June. . Small pox broke out on the voyage, and the vessel iu consequently detained two days in quarantine, so that the passage was of 119 days' duration. The witnesses called by Mr M'Far lane were [hi cook, purser, and three passenger?, named Saollins, Russell, and Hayes, and the complaints made were regarding the insufficient supply »f water nnd provisions. It appeared that up to the lib of May the passengers were sup plied with ihree quarts of water for each statute adult as provided for by the. act, but from that period to the 4:h of June their allowance was reduced to two quarts. It was also alleged that the water fjr cooking purposes had to be supplied by the passengers out of the quantity issued to 'hem. Complaints were like wise made tluu the provisi ns were not properly cooked, and, in connvquence, were in many cases unfit ior food, and that during the last fortnight of the voyage the full allowance of butter, raisins, ?uig.-ir, and rice was not issued. For the defence, it was contended that a full supply of water was put on burd at Liverpool, but that during the voyago great leakage occurred, for which tho captain could not be held responsible. Upon tho leakage being discovered, the captain sumrr.oned the pa-sen^ers- together, and it was agreed that the mor^pru. lent course would ba to reduce the aUo.Ytui.ie of water to two quarts per day. An address, signed by a number of the passengers, staling this to be the ease, and alleging th.it no inconvenience was suffered by the short allow ance, was pu: in. As naon as lie was jmtified in doing sai the miscer issued the full allowance.. The ship's lo-j-book showed that ten casks alto gether had leaked out. The complaints with reference to the provisions appeared to be frivolouB, and Mr Rj.i.i, who appeared for the defence, did no: think -it neee^s-iry to answer them. -Finally, Mr M'F-irl^ue abandoned the other charge?, and :eliad upon the non- issue of water for cooking p-Arpcseaj'.-md tlie bench held that a breach of tho Act had in this instance been proved for each day of the voyage. The defendant was, there fore, found guilty of l;9 breaches of the Pas- j eengers Act. The penalty for each offence was j fixed at 3B1, and the bench directed that 10s should he pai l K- etffclfpv^senger. Mr Rvsad said j that the money should be.paid into court, and he j would then claim tho compensation, of those pas- ! sengers who had surrendered their rights to the | master. ! A numerous assemblage of members of the dif- ' ferent i hutche-* in end about- Melbourne, was ad dressed yesterd iy evening in the Presbyterian Church, Collins btreet east, by the Bey. Mr Paton, missionary from the New Hebrides group of islands. ?? Mr Paton entered into a description . of the islacdi and -their inhibit an t», mentioning om; inlercat-ug incidents, to eozoa of whioh he had been an eye-witness, and in others a principal actor. 1 The object of the address was to impress upO'n the minds of the school children and others the necessity of their exerting themselves in col lacting ' a ' sufficient sum of money for the purchase ''of' 'a vessel to convey mis sionaries and ' teachers from island to island in* the Pacific Ocean. The ship John Williams, purchased and supported with the moneys Collected by the school children of Eng land, 'is inadequate to the requirements of the mission ; 'and Air Paton said he. thought the children of. Australia, should now.be entrusted with the honur of purchasing and supporting a similar vessel. The Rev. Mr Hetheringion was in the chair. ' The proceedings clo ed with. votes of thanks to the chairman and the lecturer. ? A woman named Jones, the wife of a person residing in Little Bourke street east, fell down yesterday evening, and suddenly expired. She had been drinking, heavily all day.- An inquest on her retrains is expected to be held this' mornrng. ' ./ ' One result,' says the Star, «« arising. from the determination of Constaole Halpin, of Ballairat East, not to perform dut; for the reduced pay of 7s 6d per day, has been the issuing of a circular from thq office of Captain Standish, notifying to the members of tho force that the Governor in Council having assented to t ie Appropriation Act, which fixer, the pay of constables at7sGd per day, those members of the force who -will not ac cept this amount, or are dissatisfied with it, can leave by giving three months' notice. It has now been found necessary to do what should have been (done in January last, in . accordance ' with the 11th Bee, 1G Vic., No. 24, which declares 'that no agreement entered into by racia hers of the polico force us to pay, &c.;, ahull be set aside, cancelled, or annulled, for want of reciprocity.' ' The absence of reciprocity on the part of the Government in not officially informing the members of the police force before , now that they cou'd leave the force if they were not satisfied with the reduced rate of par, is now made apparent by tlie issuing of the circular men tioned ; and if the Government have power to break the ' agreement' mide with the constable on entering tho force, as a quid pr) quo the eon stable in turn cannot be compelled to perform duty for three months, when he gave notice to tho authorities in January that he would not pelf nm duty for the reduced pay'.' Every constable, it would seem, therefore, up to the issuing of the circular that wss read for the information of- 'the membe.s of the force on Thursday who refused tho reduced rate of pay, is entitled to 8a per day, the amount stipulated.' At the East Collingwood Police Court yester day, the Benoh were occupied until a late hour in the afternoon in dealing with a charge brought against Constable Donald FinJay, of being drunk while in the discharge of his duty, on Sun day, the 15th of June. The complaint was made by a man named Mahoney, whose noisy demon strations at public meetings have rendered him notorious in the district. It appears that there was some ill-feeling between the par lies. The constable had had occasion to summon Mdhoney and some of his family for misbehavior, and Malioney ha* repeatedly sent in reports against the constable to the police authorities, and endeavored to obtain the man's dismissal. He ^was informed, how ever, that nothing would be done without he took a case before the magistrates, and directly after wards he brought forward the present charge; Mahoney cailed twelve witnesses, several of whom corroborated his statements, opd positively swore ihat between sevca and nine o'clock they saw the constable drunk on his beat, reeling about the streets in a disgraceful manner. On the other hand, Constable' Finlayson. placed thirteen witnesses in the box, including the sergeant of tho watch house, the constable who relieved him, and seve ral strangers with whom he had had intercourse during the hours in question. Their statements were so diametrically opposed to what had been sworn before, and ..were so strenuously persisted in, as to render it hard to believe thi.t false swear ing had not been resorted to on one side or the other. The bench, it appeared, gave crcdence to the defendant's story, and regarded the charge as a trumped up affair, for after some deliber ation they dismissed the case, and informed tho constable that he left tho court without a stain upon his character. Mahoney was 'mulcted in £i 16s costs. A special general meeting of the shareholders of the Kjw Chum Mining Company was held yesterday, at the company's offices. Market street, Mr W. B. Jones in the chair.' Tho first business . was the election of a manager, and ou the motion of Mr Goold, seconded by Mr Bay ley, Mr Richard tichiesingcr was appointed to the office. The manager having duly returned thanks for his ap pointment1, submitted the minutes of a meeting of the Sandhurst committee ot' maiv.igemei't, which had been sentdown to be luid before the metting' In this document were recorded the objections taken by the Sandhurst coinmittoa to the.altera tions in the rules and regulations of the con.pany proposed by the Melbourne board. ' These altera tions, it was stated, appeared to liave been framed upon the supposition that Melbourne directors were infallible, and Sandhurst directirs ignorant and untrustworthy. There were several instances, however, in which the rule of the company were deficient, and a nuTnber of amendments were pie posed. Mr Hancock pointed out that it would be difficult to' consider these susgestions until they were printed, as at present the relation in which the words proposed to be omitted.or inserted stood to the remainder of the clauses could not bo sten. Besides, if tho meeting came to any decision upon the spur of the moment, the Sandhurst committee might accuse them of precipi aney. He moved that a committee, consisting of the Mel bourne directory, Mr Goold, arid the mover, bo appointed to ' consider' the document and report upon it to a future meeting of the company. A warm discussion took place, in the course of which tha conduct of the .\and hurst managehaent in not striving eurnestly to initiate the tribute system in the company's mine was frerdv commented upon, and it was u-';;o l that the local committee mu«-t and ought to give v,-i,y t.i the general board. Mr Hancock's pr-.-pusi:ion was negatived ; and a motion that the minutes of the committee be not received was curried by a large majority. Mr Gortld thi.n moved a resolu tion expressing tho dissatisfaction of tho meeting at the tardiness shown by the superinieiu tnt in conducting the works of the mine on tlie tribute f-.ystem, and that the manager be instructed, to take energetic steps to ensure the working of the F'ine in that manner. Mr M'Crae seconded this motion, which was unanimously agreed tu. The behavior of Mr Simeon, the officer objected to, formed a subject for criticism. An opinion was expressed that his t ervices could be dispense i -with, and a motion was submitted that -1. ? salary should bo reduced to £1 per week. It wa» represented, however, that Mr Simson being merely an ' officer under . the newly-elected manager,. could be dismissed at.any moment,' and Mr M'Crae, the mover, ultimately withdrew' hU proposition. I& reply to ft queatioa, the manager 6tated that at. the. present tim° the companyl owed j(-43l, and there was £1301 duo to it on ac- 1 count of unpaid calls. After the business of tho I meeting hud terminated, a desultory conversation took place, which was ruled out of order, und consequently had no result. The proceedings were terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the chairinun. Tho nomination of councillors for the munici pality of Footeciay took placa at the local Court House, yesterday morning. There are four vacan cies to fce tilled, the one- occasioned by the resigna tion of Cr Cleveland, aud the others by the annual retirement of councillors ns provided by the Act. Seven candidates were duly brought forward ; Messrs Brown, Hay, Powlitt, Smis, Scott, Waugh, aud Mr M'Aulay. Mr Brown was proposed in place of Mr .Cleveland, and as none of the other gentlemen signified that th-y were contesting this seat, ho claimed to be duly elected. Tlie chair man, however, ruled against the claim, whereupon a lengthened dispute arose, and there was oome talk about, legal procsediugs b;ing commenced. Upon a show of hands being taken, the first four of the' other candidates were Ueclwed elected ; but a' poll was demanded, and will take place to-day. . Sermons will be preached both morning and evening to- mprrow, in St. Peter's Church, in aid of the funds, ol ihe Melbourne Orphan Asylum. Collections will be madj at the close of each ser vice,- 1 ...... The hearing of a motion to dissolvo an i--june-' tion obtained by the Messrs J: nnd (J. Mouatt against K-rye .aid Butehart, restraining them -from selling sta iou property at Sandhurst, was commenced yesterday in the Equity Court. The ' Messrs Mouatt. were ownsrs-of the Myers Creik and Yarraberb stations, which they mortgaged to Messrs Kayo and Butehart in 1859, with a power of sale. Tnis power was exercised, and a large portion of. tho property sold off. Shortly after Mouatt discovered what he represtntbd to be a Urge overcharge on the part oc K'ljo and Butehart, arid filed a bill in equity, inquiring that accounts should be taken between the parties, that the overcharge, which was for commission and interest, should be disallowed, that the side of the stations might be declared fraudulent, and a broach of trust, and that an injustice should issue restraining the defendants f.orn selling any fur ther portion of th'e property till the suit was de termined. , The injunction was granted accord ingly, and Messrs Kaye and Butehart yesterday endeavored to get it dissolved oh the ground that c..n i.„t «!...? lu''- the Messrs Mouatt .still owed iliem about £3000 The defendants' case, whioh was only partly gone into yesterday, will be continued this morning. The introductory lecture to a class for the study of phonographic shorthand, was delivered yesterday evening, in the Mechanics' Institute, by Mr J. G. ICidg- ill, Secretary to the Victorian. Phonetic Society. Aftsr a brief sketch of the origin aud progress of written language,' and a comparison of the various systems of shorthand, the lecturer proceeded to explain the construction a:id superior advantages of phonography, parti cularly that it was. based on sound, and not on the orthography of the English language. At the conclusion it was rnnounced that a class would be commenced on Friday next for the purpose of studying the art. Several persons then came for ward and enrolled themselves as members. Two more mining disputes were brought before the full court yesterday. One was a special case from the Ingle wood Court of Mines; to decide the interpretation of the Mining Board .bye-laws, by which 150 feet on each side of aline of reef are al lotted to parties taking up claims. In September, 1850, Landry and party took up a claim on the Poverty It:ef, but wore prevented exercising their full right to 160 feet in consequence of a party named Coleman occupying a claim adjoining them. Shonly fif-.er Coleman left, and if Landry uiyd Co. had then taken up the ground to which they .'.'were, entitled, by law, no dispute would have arisen. But in October last, a party named Burton, holding a claim on the Morning Star Reef, parallel to and at a short distance from the Poverty R^ef, en croached on the ground which Coiemun had abandoned, and which Landry and Co. (aid belonged to them. The dispute was referred to the Court of Mines, which did not think it necessary that Landry should have committed overt acts to entitle him to that which belonged to him by law, and decided in his favor. Burton then appealed to ihe Supreme Court, which yes terday - decided that overt acts were neces srn-y. It appeared, however, that at the trial at Inglewood; Landry had tendered evidenoe that he did take possession of the clairii after it was abandoned by Coleman, and aa the judge did not think it necessary to accgpt. it according to his interpretation of the law, the whole- case was referred back to liitn.. The other case had reference to tlu Nj'son and Rjd Jacket Companies. Ballaarat, on a man lamni asked for by the latter company, to co-npel Mr O'Mulley, th) Mining Il.'gis^rar, .to suivey its claim iu accordance with ' the bye-la\v3 of ihe Mining Board, which require that as soon us notice shall have been given to the Registrar it' the discovery of a new reef, he f-h.ill appoint r. day to survey it. Both companies claim the reel as belonging tb them. The court ordered the mandamus to ifisue. The Emerald Hill Municipal Council are ahou' to present Mr James Service, M.L.A., with a copy of the vote of thanKs passt-d to him for his services as- Chairman of' the Council, on grossrd and illuminated on v»-llum, and elegantly fr.uned. Dr Pslk and Mr Anderson hare both received a Similar presentation, and it was lately roolved :hut as this course wa*' not adopted in tlie ease of | Mr S rvice it should be taken now. The address [ has been p'eparei by Mr Ward, of the local Mechanics' Institute, and is a very hanuson.e specimen of artistic penmanship. The nomination of candidates for the Municipal Council of Brighton, to elect one member in the place of G. 'W. Rusden, Eiq., who has resigned, took place yesterday at the Court House, !Jri;;!. ton. Captain Cole, M.L.C., p-opo=ed Mr J I£ Were as a fit and proper person, and Mr Harbison proponed Mr W. J. Meek. E.ich candidate having addiessed the meeting, a show of hands was called for, which proved to be nearly three to one in favor of Mr - Were. M Meek then demanded a pcli, which will take piace this day. . A public' discussion between Mr G. Berry, M.L. A-, and Mr .C. E. Jones, u; on the subjec of the '''Privileges of Parliament,' is' announced in our advertising columns to take place at tho National Hall, King William street, Collingwood, i n Monday evening next. The Hon. Mr V tughan ?will take the chair. The nomination of candidates to fill the vacan cies at present existing in the Emerald Hill Mu nicipal Council took place yesterday. There Vre four vacancies, consequent upon the retirement hy rotation ol three councillors and the absence of Dr Pallc in England. Five candidates were pro posed — Messrs Thi- tlewaite, O. Fausett, R. Atkin son, J. Balaton, J. Finlay, and M.' J. iiurry. The show of handB was declared to be ns follows Finlay) 40; Thiatlewuite, 33; Fausett, 31 ; Bal- ' ston, 28; Barry, 8. The latter gentleman de manded ft poll, whioh will tahe^lMe tl u* i*y. 1 1 The inquest on the body of Charl s Jenkins, the I cabmm of the Melbourne Club, who died ai the ! Yarra Bend Asylum, on (he 17th inBtunt, has at ! length termin;.'ed. Ou Friday morning, at twenty minutes to three o'clock, the jury, having been en gaged in the inquiry from twelve noon on the preceding ' day, returned a verdict to the effect, that the deceased had died from maniacal ex haustion, and that his death was accelerated by the antagonistic modes of treatment adopted to wards him by Drs. Bowie and Callan. The jury did not censure Dr Bowie for this resu t, but they ctnsurcd Dr Callan very severely lor his negli gence, and for the unrel.able character of the evi-; deicc given by him ; and they gave it as theirj opinion that any further connection on his part1 with the Asy'uin would be detrimerital to the patients. The details of, the evidence given at the i' quest will ba found in .another portion -of this issue. At the City Police Court yesterday, Emma : Williams was sentenced to fourteen, days' im prisonment, for stealing a hat and cottjn: dreBs ;; from a dwellinghouse, and Isaac Mendcisr was ?: committed for trial on a charge of breaking into a | shop at night time and stealing therefrom several i pairs of boots. Wm. Jones, alias Knight, was charged, on remand, with having in his;po ses sion, and uttering counterfeit crown pieces. Several witnesses appeared to prove the charge of uttering against tke prisoner, but were unable fully to identify him. He was therefore remanded to this day for further inquiiy into the case. A | curious fact was developed in the evidence ugainst j him, namely, that one kind ' of metul spoons, known as Yates' make, is better adapted,, and in superior request nmongst coineis for the. manu- ! facture of Bpurious coins than uny other kind of pewter metal imported. The 'Poor Gentleman' was repeated at the. Royal Princess's Theatre yesterday evening. It is pleasing to seo that legitimate comedy, when well placed upon the stage, has as miny charms for a Melbourne audierice'a's the most successful of 'sensation.' pieces. Tlie house was crowded in all parts, and to judge from the liveliness and lrequency of the plaudits, the entertainment gave unqualified satisfaction. The enjoyment of the ,coniedy is increased by &. seconi visit. Mr Jotferson's ? Dr. Ullapod is too finished a per formance to be improved by repetition, but the visitor is enabled to appreciate m re justly the actor's rendering of the character. . While in tensely amusiug, Mr Jefferson does not descend (o burlesque. Granted the character ahd the eccentri cities o fi.il t) Worthy 'Cornel Ullapod, apothecary,' aud the scenes, though ludicrous, are natural, und what- is more to the purpose, are executed with the best possible t.iaie. Ic is singular too how effective the allusions to the volunteer, movement are at the present tiuu, and Mr Jefferson, a w?re of this, rnau.es the moBI,of the description' of his ' in oculation' with military ardour. Iu his hands O'.Upad becomes a moot agreeable per sonage. Tis true he ii a bit of a q lack, disposed to be a time - server^ and withal chicken luarted, but he openly assumes all these attributes to show the humor of them. The Bcenes between the gallant apothecary and Miss Lucretia M^Tab arc mose in which tho risibility of the audience is moat provoked. Mrs Phillips do3S ample justice to her part, and as the. elderly and affected high quality lady, who lives upon ani pau-onises her ' relations of poor descent, it would be impdssible to find her rival upon the colonial ' stage. , Indeed, in all the parts the piece is Btrongly cast, and it loses nothing by its condensation into three acts instead of five. As Humphrey Dobbins wo have Mr Stewart, whose immobility of countenance and whose senteutiOusuess contrast ludicrously with Mr Jefferson's versatility of expression and action) though both are equally illustrative of the text. Mr Lambert, as Sir ' liube, i Brambh, and Miss Rosa Dunn, as Emily Worthington, have con-' genial parts, and the audience does notallow their performance to pasB unnoticed. The first act of ' ltobert Macaire,' in which Mr Jefferson plays the part pf Jacques Strop, luings an excellent en tertainment to a close. The programme, wo ob serve, is to be repeated this evening. The piufoi mances at tho Lyceum Theatre yes terday evening, were for ihe benoat of Master G. W. Marsh. Tne house was well filled. on the occasion, with the exception of the dres3-circle, the attendance in which .-w.;s not, by any mc-aiis equal to the deserts of the benejiciaire. Douglas Jcrrold'B 'd«j..:r vcdly popuLar play of ' Bluck-iyed Susa ' was the piece first presented, aud it. t was played remark ably well. It would bo superfluous to review the plo; of the piece.' It is sufficient to say. that Miss Louise Arnoi' appeared as WiUiam, the hero, Miss Helen as Muck-eyed Huti in, tho heroine of the piece. Master G. W. Marsh played Gnatbraiu, und Little J enny /. oily Mayjl xcer. The heroine went heroically through all ? ' her troubles aud -privations; successfully re sisted the desperate attempt made on her virtue y Gnatbraiu; unu ihe hero arrived juat at the precise time to rescue his betrothed, amidst the plaudits ot the audience. Tho incidental songs were well given, and the sailor's hornpipe by the whole tioupe was a marked fealure in the piece, und proved very acceptable. An interlude of singing and dancing took place,' and' ihe pedormances concluded with 'Toodle3,' m which Master G. W. M .r.-Ji appeared with his usual success. Tho performances lliis afternoon wll consist of the 'Spectre Bridegroom, or a Ghost in spite of Himself,' and ' Foriunio,' the latter for the last time. Iu tho evening, ?' Black eyed Susau' will be repealed, and the ' Misei and his Daughter,' will conclude the perform? ance. 