MONDAY, JULY 14, 1862. If the American newspapers could be supposed, by any stretch of the imagi- nation, to represent public opinion in the Federal Union, or to express tho sentiments of the Federal Government, we should be led to believe that a war with Great Britain would immediately follow the suppression of the " rebel- lion," whenever that event takes place. If President Lincoln should be compelled to recognize the independence of the South, Canada, New Bruns- wick, and British Columbia aro to be eeizod by the Northern States in compensation for the territory they have lost. If tho Union can be - temporarily soldered together, the oom bat ants aro to turn their anns against tbe mother country for haying refused to assist cither party in the strife. Suob aro the vaticinations of thoso "blind leaders of tho blind," whoso degraded office it is to flatter the vanity and pander to tho prej udices of the mob in Now York and San Francisco. The latest number of the Herald, pub- lished in the latter city, thus expresses it3olf in referenoo to this subjeot : " The Union onoe moro thoroughly " established, war between the United " States and Great Bi itain is sure " to follow. Wo regard this latter " fact of the futuro with peculiar satis " faotion. For it will be based " upon the idea of vindicating and cs " tablishing the grandest prinoiples of " international justice, and must result " in the righteous avenging of a thousand " wrongs which that haughty and impo " rious power has inflicted upon us as " a nation. Inoidontal to suoh a war " must be the uprising of the people of " Ireland in a just revolutionary spirit j " tho annexation of Canada and the " British Islands of the North Paoifio " to our Union ; tho overthrow of a " well-developed purpose on tho part of "England to interioro in Mexican affairs." And then thero follows the customary tirado against tho " turpitude and " treaohery" of Groat Britain, the " wrongs and injuries" sho has inflioted upon the United States, and the inde- finable and nameless " crimes" of which she has been guilty. The samo number of tho paper contains a letter from John MiTOHEL,in Paris, in which hosolomnly assures the gobemouclics of San Franoisoo that " England hates the Amerioans and " thoir institutions-hates thom all, " North and South impartially j and the " solo thought of her Government ii to " weaken and ruin tho whole demooratio " power in the West ;" whilo, in another oolumn of tho Herald, its Honolulu cor- respondent communioates tho pleasing intelligence that "the hope and wish " of the Amerioans at tho Sandwich " Islands is, that just as soon as the " Southern monster is annihilated and " oloaned out, tho Federal Government " will pitch into England, and give " her particular fitB"-whatever that elegant expression may mean. The " programmo," as the Americans would call it, is a comprehensive one, commencing with the " annihilation" of a few millions of human beings in tho So-them States, the reconstruc- tion of the Union, and the " annexation " of Canada and tho British islands of " the North Paoifio," to bo followed by tho administration of a sound thrashing to England, whioh will probably give up tho ghost of its politioil cxistmce, after a series of droadful convulsions, oc- casioned by " particular fits." Of oourso tho Australian colonies will bo annexed, in oompany with suoh " unconsidored " trifles" as tho East Indies and other Asiatic possessions of Great Britain. That any of tho outlying depen- dencies of the mothor oountry should exhibit tho slightest repugnanoo to suoh a sohomo of wholesale annexa- tion excites not morely tho astonish mont, but the indignation, of the San Francisco Herald, which is very angry at finding tho British Colonist "urgently " calling for an iron floating battory for " Yiotoria" (Vancouver's Island). Ji.lt " will soon bo olamouriDg for a navy " yard," exolaims tho outraged Herald. Tho idea of a British neighbour putting himself in a posture of solf-dofonpo is something abhorrent to Californian notions. But as it would be impolitic to oondomn the oonstiuotion of an iron floating battory, and tho possible forma- tion of a navy-yard, on this ground alono, tho Herald shifts its position, and roprobates tho measure under its aggres sivo aspect. Tho diggers who are swarming into British. Columbia Jaavo not been attraotcd thither, it scorns, by tho magnotio influences of gold; they aro the seorot emissaries of that rapa oious and enormously wealthy aristooraoy whioh is always and everywhoro rcspon siblo for all the iniquitous praotioes of Great Britain. There is a grand sohomo of oonqucBt afoot, and per- fidious England is at the bottom of it all. " Nothing," says tho Eerala aforesaid, "would afford John Bull ' I " greater delight than to seize upon Cali " fornia, as an offset to the prospective ] " acquisitions of JTranoû ¡£ Mexico, and I " to attaoh this stato, as well aB the " neighbouring state of Oregon and tho ft territory of Waihington, to his do " mains on the Pacific ,. . . Tho " Sandwioh Islands, it is said, aro nearly " ready to fall into tho keeping of Eng " land. Frenoh and English influenoo " aro activo along the South American " coast, and the islands of thePaoifio, as " well as tho great kingdoms of Asia, " aro ono by one submitting to the yoko " of the allies. Will Bomebody ploaso " stir up the national eagle ?" Alas ! poor bird, ho is continually being stirred up with tho dirtiest of poles, directed by tho dirtiest of hands, and tho plumage of the originally noble crea- ture has bcoomo so draggled and torn, that great difficulty is experienced in determining whether he is really an eagle or only an obscene vulture. His name is becoming synonymous with greed, ounning, and lawless strength. Instead of being recognized as tho symbol of a lofty policy and a sublime power, he is idontified with the attributes of the magpie and the peaeook, vain-gloriouB as the one, impu- dent, loquacious, and predatory as tho other. And for this unfortunate result the American newspapers are mainly to blame, inasmuch as thoy present a dis- torted refleotion of publio opinion ; re- present the passions and prejudices of the worst olasses of Amerioan society, and neither take the pains to colleot, nor possess tho ability to express, the senti- ments entertained on all questions of public polioy by citizens of intelligence and reputo. To judge from the tone of tho San francisco journals, that city is stanoh in iti adhesion to the Union, and yet, at tho last election, nearly 40,000 votes were polled for a Secessionist can- didate; and this oiroumstance shows how little value is to be attached to tho language hold by such papers as in any way indioating the actual tendenoies of popular feeling in Amerioa. The state of agriculture in South Australia is Bhown by tho agricultural and live-stock statistios lor the year ending March 31,1862, just published in Adelaido; and may bo found not un- interesting just now. The same sta- tistics as to Victoria having recently appeared, may be compared with thoBO of South Australia with profit; but our own statistics have boon so lately given in abstract in these oolumns, that our readers may be left to make the compari- son for themselves. Daring the year ending December 81, 1861,147,071 aores of country and sub- urban land were sold by the Crown, making a total of 2,379,048 acres alien- ated up to that date, or 18-2 aeres per head of the population, against 17 6 aores por head in Decomber, 1860, and 15-1 aores in 1856. Tho extent of land enclosed in March last w£3 1,874 827 acres, whilo in Maroh, 1861, it was 1,579,992, an increaso of nineteen per cent. Land fenced in but not cultivated amounted to 1,388,160 acres, and ex- ceeded the cnolosed paBturagc of tho pre- vious year by 236,984 acres. "The " extensivo enclosure of sheep runs, " whether on purchased or unalienated " land," says Mr. Boothby, who airanges these roturns and has prefaced them by tho introduction from whioh we quote, "formed tho subjeot of remarks " in my last report, and in sevoral " oountics the area cnolosed hes been " largely added to during the past year. " More than 900 square milts of pas " turago is now enolosed in the eoBtern " district alone." Tho number of acres I under cultivation in tho season 1861-62, W.as 486,667, against 428,816 aores in the previous season-an augmentation of 57,851 acres, or 13'5 por cent. These figures givo 3-71 aores to each individual of tho population. At the end of 1856, the rato per head was 2 38 acres. " Til " lago inoreases at a greater rate than tho I " alienation of Crown lands, twenty per " cent, of the land sold toing under oul " tivation, against nineteen per cent, in " 1861, and thirteen per cent, in " 1856-7." Ho adds that -the breadth of land brought under the plough is increasing rapidly in every direotion. Of the total land cultivated, 320,636 acres, or fifty-four per con t., was under wheat, against 273,672 aores, or sixty five per oont., in tho previous season. The yield amounted to only 3,410,736 bushels, against 3,576,593 bushels in tho previous year. "Adofioienoy, therefore, " exists of two bushels five pounds por " acre, or over four hundred thousand " bushels, had the yiold been equal to " tho average of tho year previous,, " although 36,964 aores additional wero | " sown with wheat." The average throughout the colony was 10 bushels 591b. in 1861-2, and 13 bushels 41b. in 1860-1, This comparative unproduc- tiveness is attributed to various causes. Prominent among these, were gales and heavy rain after a favourable Bpring. Sevoral authentic instances aro noted, " whero a portion of the same- seotion, " reaped prior to tho storm of 15th to " 19 th December, yielded Nthree to bíx u bushols per aore moro than oould bo " scoured from the remainder of the " samo crop j" and " tho hot winds, of " whioh thero had boon but few up to tho " date of the storm, commenced soon " after, and caused additional shedding " beforo the grain oould be seoured," This waB on tho plains. On tho hills the diminution was no less. " In the " MountBarker district rain fell on evory " day during the month of June," and caterpillars and blaok rust lent thoir aid to lessen the crop. But although the vory small avorago yiold íb thus shown to be attributable to an excep- tional oiroumstanoo, Mr. Boothby ob- serves that the faot, that the South Australian wheat orop, " although un " ccjuallod as regards tho quality of the I " grain, has only produced during the " past five spasons an averago oí 11¿ "bushels per aero, demands somo'ox " planation." We may remark hore that this " faot" as to South Australian wheat being " unequalled" is rendered moro than doubtful by the speoimens of Victorian wheat sent to the London Exhibition, of whioh Mr. Kulana1, in tho lottor inserted in Tlie Argus on Friday, says : " I am delighted to report the generally ex I pretsed opinion that our grain is the best in the Exhibition; atanyratOj so Iw jw ig yetknawa, the Victorian -_heat u the heaviest, nol-ift. standing that, on «weighing, Mr. Thomson, jam pic huí lost twelve, ounces. Tho oats and barley have gained weight. It has just been pointed out to mo that our grain has not been properly cleaned. I shnll therefore have it re- dressed, and I hope then to oVtaln a higher weight per bushel than is quoted in T)tt Tm% Tho highest Adelaide wheat is 08!b. loz. jj» grain ex Norfolk will, I hope, be got into the Exhibition to morrow. I sholl then ogain call ¡a a 'swora corn-meter'-to determmo its weirirt. My next-door neighhour, South Australia, ¡8 ¡n. dignant'at our Bueeess in grain, and wishes to know if I am suro our prize enmplo didn't con» via Adelaide. I must leave you, Mr._<. answer that question." Whatever light the "sworn corn " meter" may throw upon the question Mr. Boothby's remarks upon the causes of this Bniall average yield of wheat i« South Australia must bo worth thj attention of Victorian farmers. Ho sayB : " From careful inquiries, I am led to belie« that the main canse of the low average of iii aggregate yield is, that much land is sown wi_ wheat which is not of tho description host adopted for the successful cultivation in ordinary seasom of that cereal-a state of things doubtlessly owing to numerous small freeholders and tenant-farmer! being compelled, whatever the situation orthi nature of the soil, to cultivnto the crop railed with the least labour, and capable of beta; gathered by machine. A perusal of the occupied schedules leads to this belief as the only explam. tion of frequently-recurring instances, wheie oa two ferma in a district, cultivated in the sam« manner, tho crop gathered by tho same kind o[ machine, and subject to the came climatic in, fluences, a difference of from Uro to ten bushell an acre is obsorvable ii the jieU. It cannot be said that tho land in tho one caso is exhausted bj successive cropping, for similar results apptarb districts only brought v nder the plough dunes; the pa6t threo or four yonrs. The evil Effects o[ continuous cropping are, however, but too appa, rent in the diminished productiveness even of tha best soils in tho longest settled districts. Fallos ing the land is reported to boveiymuch in favour as an effioiont remedy, and, as tho returns ebor, has greatly increased in praotico, 85,112 aera being in fallow against 67,096 acres in 1861, Hu folding of sheep on farms has also become mon general, and its advantages aro felt in the it creasod productiveness of the laiid fertilized bj tliia process, and in the addition to the ordinär; profits of the homestead." Wo aro glad to learn that moro than two-thirds of the wheat crop in both this and tho preceding season wen reaped by machine, although consider- able difficulty was experienoed in usirg the machine in crops laid by the Eton, and in somo cases it had to be aban« I doned. Wo aro told that had the sappi; of labour been sufficient to enable tit farmers generally to employ it at io muncrativo rates in tho emergency, i considerable portion of tho grain kit might havo been saved. In Port Gawlti distriot alone, " about 500 aores n " oeived so much damage as Dot to te " worth reaping, and was used foi " fodder." The next important orop m ticed is that of hay, forming thirteen pa cent, of the total tillage: 02,879 aoret, principally wheatcn or oafcon hay, wi growD, against 55,818 aores in the pit vious year, an addition of one- tenth, tit produco amounting to 78,886 tons and 71,241 tons respectively in the tvt years. Tho average yield of tho hsj crop was the same in both seasons 25owt. to tho acre. With the exception of potatoes, "all the remaining oropi " form together only four per cent, of " the land cultivated, and, With the ex " ception of vineyards, show in eaohoaset " diminution in the area planted." Speak- ing of barley, of which there were 10,637 aores, yielding 168,137 bushels in 1861, against 11,336 aores, yielding 189,163 bushels in. the previous year, Mr. Boothby says, " If barley suitable foi " the malHtcr can be grown here, it ap " pears strange that £16,541 should hava " boon sent out of tho oqlony last yeal " for 6,625 quarters of malt-mi arti " olo that can be produoed hero with ordi " nary caro." The orop of oats yielded 33,160 bushels off 1,638 aoics, against 52,989 bushels off 2,273 acres in tha previous soason, " whioh, however, ki " much moro favourable for the safa " gathering of this cereal." What Mt, Boothby tolls us about vine'culture ú of sufficient interest to justify cjuoiaiioi at length. He says : " Vino culture has attained such comideraHi importance in South Australia as to demand pr ticular atton'ton to tho statistical facts elicited ti to its position at the present time. The rif'-i strides whioh this source of wealth has maa! <! late years require that these statistics should ¡' obtained as correctly as possible, and that ii future the area planted as vinoyards, and soláj cultivated for vCnc-making, should be dill'* guished from the tote! area under vinci, ß ascertain the average produce of nine per acre ti vineyard, more minuto ¡nqu'iics must be mil than aro now instituted; but, until this importó branch of industry becomes moro distinctive it its operations, tho bare facts connected wita ^ acreage and number of vines planted, acdtbi quantity of wine made, must etiffice-the fiiiw relating to whioh may, however, bo considered!) reliable as can be obtained. Tbo aoreage and« vines in March, 1802, ia returned as 3,018, «giM 3,180 aores in tho previous year-an augmesl'' tion of 733 acres, or nearly one-fourth, in» siDf> twelvomonth. ? Tho number of vines in beni«! was 2,361,574, and 2,386,141 not in benring-te« figures for the previous sesión being Xfißßt and 1,948,510. Since 1856 the area of the w* yards has increased more than fivefold! and as during the lr-st three san» tho number ot vines planted has oeanj doubled, those in bealing oan form T a moiety, being tho proportion shewn »bort The wine returned as made, is that produced« the season 18601, amounting to 312,021 pM an increaso of no less than 12D.934 gallon«,« seventy per cent, on the quantity made io t» previous year, viz,, 182,087 gallons; ando« than threo times tbo quantity produced lo» seasons ago. The weight of grapes sold or oil«' wise disposod of by the grower than io w manufacture of wine, was 23,220owt, »pM 23,398cwt. in 18601 ; but it is probablo I» a large proportion of the grapes bo retom» eventually reach the wino-makor, the purd»»' small proprietors' cropB by neighbouring "j" growers possessed of botter appliances [« * Î manufacture of wine being now earned on » some extent, to the maiiifnt improvem-U the quelity ef this artielo of colonial produce. Jj indicating the rapid morcase ia the mun!*1* South Australian wine-makers, it moy bo lU» that 129 ttino presses were returned as tort against sovonty-five in the previous year, *» Bixty-ono in 1860; and it is probable that I» numbors are understated. Twenty-seven lica* for etUls for distilling spirit from the juice of» grape wcro issued up to the oloso of the ye»^ Irrigation seoms to exoito attenü« among South Australian vig-eroM,.¡? gardeners. And wo aro told that tt» who havo erected maohines for turn water foi this purpose, bear testimonj" Hw valus.of tho outlay in tho inoreaBed ftrtility of tho soii. Altogether, there pre fifty-five maohinos for raining water returned as for irrigation purposes. The live stock returns show an addition to all kinds of stock excopt horned cattle. Of horses there wero 62,597, tho increase being 3,198 ; and wo are told that the shipment of South Australian horses to India and other ports during the past three years " has attained some import " anoe, about 500 being tho average " number exported in oaoh year." Tho number of horned cattle was 265,434 head, a falling off of 12,831. Of sheop and lambs there wore 3,038,356, an increase of 213,545, or about eight per cent, in tho year. Another Yarra Bond patient died at that asylum on the 10th of the present month, and an inquest was held on his remains hy tho dis- trict coroner on Saturday last. Mr. Bowie, the surgeon-superintendent of the institution, de- posed that the deceased, whose form of in- sanity had been dementia, was about fifty years of ago, and had been a patient in tho asylum over since 1849. lu Oo'obor, 1852, witness first saw bim in tolerably good health, and so he remained, except during an attack of dysentery in 1854, till January in the present year, whon symptoms of pulmonary disease appeared. During the whole of that period, except while the attack of dysen- tery -lasted, the deceased was employed in the hitoben of the asylum. In last May ho booamo Tery feeble, and suffered from oough and weak- ness. In Juno he had an attack of influenza, which did not leave him till tho 22nd of the month, after whioh he gradually sank and died. Ho was able to go about till June 22, when ho becamo nearly bed-ridden. He took his food tolerably well, and was allowed a farinaceous diet and wine. Aftor death there were two slight red spots, where bed-sores wore commonoing, to be seen on each hip. Wit- ness saw the deceased regularly every day while he was ill, and prescribed for him. Jas. ilu tebin-_ son, the attendant in charge of deeeased, de- posed that on the 0th May last deceased was slightly ill for a day or two, after which ho went back to his duties in tho cook-house. From the 24th May he-was almost always confined to his bed, when he gradually sank and diod. Deconscd was rogularly attonded to by the surgeons every day, and had fatinaeeous food, wiuo, brandy, and porter. Ho sometimes took his food well, but at others had no appetite. He was seen by the official visitors of the asylum. Ho had no bed-sores, and though there were dis- colouration s on his bips, tho skin was not broken. Pads were placed on his mattress to prevent bed- sores. Dr. F. T. W. Ford deposed to having made a post-mortem examination of tho decoasod, and found his body greatly emaciated, thero being slight scratches on the chest and left shoulder, evidently self inflicted, and slight die colourations of theskin on the hips. Internally the brain and membranes were much oongesled, and the blain was softer than was natural. Tho lungs were much diseased, tho left lung being ex- tensively adherent to tho ploura, and much wasted. The abdominal viscoranere, c3 it were, conglomerated by adhésions, the result of in- flammations. The stomach contained a small quantity of food, and the mucous coat wa? much congested. The causo of death'wai pulmonary consumption. The jury returned a verdict " That the deceased died, while in legal custody as a lunatic, from pulmonary consumption." The charge of obstructing the police, preferred in the City Police Court against Mr. Fleetwood and Mr. Sharpe on Thursday last, was again brought boforo that tribunal on Saturday last, in tho shape of a charge against Constable Barrott of misconduct. The avowed object of this was to clear Mr. Sharpe cf the imputations mado against him by the police, to the effect (hat he joined in using the abusivo language complained of. Mr. Floetwood and Mr, Sharpe now both distinctly denied, upon their oaths, that the latter had uttered one Byllablo on the occasion when the language was said to have been used, and no witness appeared to contradict them in this respect, In the matter of the general charge of misconduct, the evidence given was substantially tho same as that adduced before, except that a Mr. deverton, who had been in company with Messrs. Fleetwood and Sharpe when the yelling and hooting took place, deposed that ho was tho ODly ono of the party who had spoken, and that he had advised the woman in custody to behave quietly. Mr. Sturt, after a patient re-hearing of tho ease, ex- pressed his strong disapproval of the arrest, especially of Mr. Sharpe, iu the first place, and of the language, which it was clear had been used, in the second place. Ho had dismissed the charge brought against Mr. Fleetwood and Mr. Sharpe, and he should now dismiss the charge brought against the constable Our Adelaide telegram informs us that tho Government, as wai expected, tendered their resignations on Saturday, and that no one wai sent for during that day. ' Several cases of sudden death-two eausod by drowning-were made the subjects of inquestB held before the district coroner on Saturday last. The first was one which has been already men- tioned in our columns, It was that of Mrs. Elizabeth Robertson, who had been rcsidiug with hor son (a pastrycook) and daughter, at No. 1 Barkly Btreet, Carlton. She had not been in the colony long, and had BOtao time since manifested symptoms of insauity. At first she had been under treatment at the Western Gaol, but her son had taken hor from that in- stitution, in order that sho might bo eared for in her own home. Since then her daughter had watched her very carefully ; but on Thursday UtBt she loft her for a few moments in charge of a woman named Flynn, with etiiot injunctions that the doceased was not to be lost sight of for a moment. Mrs. Flynn did, however, leave her to go upstairs, and in doing so met the daughter, who, seeing that her mothor had been loft alono, hastenod downstairs only to find that the old lady had run out of the house with- out bonnet and shoes, and could not be found. The next that was soen of deceased was by a man who found her floating in the Yarra, opposite tho Custom houBO, and told Constable Looko of it. No rearkB of violenoe were to be seen on the porson of tho deceased, nor any pro- perty, except a ring. The jury returned a vordiot that she had been found drowned, without any marks of violence. The othor caso^ of death by drowning was that of an infant, named Mary English, who had lived with her parents at Boroondara. On Friday last, Ann Keogh, a neighbour, had heard Mrs. English screaming out because she had lost her ohild, and a search was commenced, whioh ended in Mrs. Keogh finding the child, quito dead,wlthitsheadandshouldersinanoldpost-holo, about a foot square and fourteen inches deop. All attempts to resuscitate her failed ; and Mr. Ford, who made a post mortem examination, deposed that tho deceased had no marks of violence upon her person, and had died from asphyxia, pro- duced hy drowning. Tho jury found that tho doceased bad boon found drowned in an old post hole, containing wator. An inquest was also held on tho body of another infant, named Cathorine Brookes, whose parents live at Carlton. Tho child was only three weeks old, and had been taken to bed by her mothor on Fiiday night last. At about throe a.n_, the mother awoke to give tho child suck, but found tho little creature dead and cold, it having boon overlain during Um night. Mr. Cooper, a surgeon, was t»t once callod in, but ho found tho child dead, and, «Tier a post-mortem examination, arrived at tho coeoluslon that she had never been vigorous, and «»t tho cause of death was, having been over- lain hy her mothor. The jury returned a verdict I that the child had died on the 12th inst. from asphyxia, caused by gang accidentally overlain b; her mother, A very unusual scene occurred at St. Peter's Church, Melbourno, yesterday, during evensong. A middle-aged woman, with a rather wi'd and haggard look, entered the church during the chanting of the psalms, and occupied a seat in one of the pews near the contre of the build- ing. Eer strange appearanco and evident disregard of the solemnity of the place, wero "noticed by persons sitting near her, but her con- duct did not call far any special interference until the singing of the " Nuno Dimittus," when she became groatly excited, turned round towards the choir, waved her hands, and exclaimed, in a loud voice, " God bless Jc3us and Mary; and tend the Holy Ghost to comfort tho Queon." The poor woman eontinued to make some in- coherent remarks, and her behaviour attracted the observation of a large portion of the congre- gation. Tho attention of the verger, however, was directed to the disturbance, and he promptly removed tho unfortunate crealuro from the church without there boing any interruption to tho progress of the service A man named George Dunn met his death Buddcnly in Bourke-street on Fiiday night laBt. All that was known of the matter was etated before the^distiiot coroner, at an inquest held on Saturday last. Constable Tuckey deposed that at about twenty-five minutes past seven on the night in question he saw a horse running away across Bjurke-strcet, in the direction of Prince's Bridge. Seeingacrowd collect, ho ran up to the spot, and found the deceased lying on his back, and somo persons supporting his head. He took the man to tho hospital, and afterwards ascer- tained that the runaway horse belonged to a man named Hanslow, who drovo the SimpsonVroad omnibus. Hanslow had been since brought up at the Oily Polico Court for allowing his horso to run away, and discharged, the eBcape of the horse having been shown to be the rceult of accident. Mr. W. G. Howitt, resident surgeon at the hos- pital, deposed that the deceased bad beon brought thoro insensiblo, and remained bo till the fol- lowing morning, when just as it seemed that oon-ciousnoss was returning compression of the brain set in, end tbo deceased died at about ten on Saturday, never having been ablo to answer a question. On making a post- mortem examination of the deceased, ho found no com- pression of the bono, but, on removing tho skull, a large quantity of extravasatcd blood was dis- covered. Death had resulted from the com- pression caused hy the blood, and, in his opinion, tho fracture had been effected by a fall on tho ground rather than by a horse's kick. The jury returned a verdict, " That the deceased died from fraoturo of the skull, accidentally caused by hm being knocked donn by a runaway horso in Bourke-Btroot." Mr. C. P. Nicholls will re-delivcr his lectura on " The probability of a Melbourne gold field, and how to test it," at tho Ballway Hotol, Swan < street, Richmond, tbis evening. We observe from the Warrnambool Examiner that some difference of opinion prevails in that district with reference to a prop 3scd chango in the coach iiuo of road, which has beon gazetted and advertised. A meeting has beer held recently on tho subject at Warrnambool, at which resolu- tions unfavourable to tho change wero adopted. The administration of the late Pioad Board, of the district also carno under consideration, and opinions highly unfavourable to tho members of it generally wero expressed. A resolu- tion to the effect that thero bid been a most injudicious application of funds under tho management of the board wes adopted, as was also a motion on the samo subjeot, running thus :-"That tbis meeting considers itnecessary to request the Government to institute an inquiry into the expenditure of public moneys in tbis district by the Bond Board of the district." In order that tho views of tbo meeting nvght be duly and properly expressed, a committee was appointed to draw up, sign, and forward to tho Government, a memorial embodying the resolu- tions arrived at. The cr-e of Larnach and others v. Alleyne and oth'.rs- will proceod tbis morning in tho Equity Court. It is expected that the argu- ments will close on Wednesday afternoon. Tho Rsv. Henry Higginson delivered an in- structive and amuiing lecture at the Kew Athenosum, to the motnbers of the Kew Literary Institute, on Thursday last, on the subject of " What Bhall wo do with our boys ?" Ho referred to the Chief Secretary's well-known reply, namely, " Many them to tho girls," to which he replied, that they must first be made worthy of the girls. He then proceeded to condemn the cry of those who earned their living by making boots and shoes, wearing appa- rel, and buggies, and who said that unless they received protection to native industry thoir boyB would have to starve, and argued to demonstra- tion that tho only reply that could be given to the question was-educate them, and compel them, if necessary, to be educated in our schools morally, socially, and pslitically. He advo- cated the highest class of physical training that can be given to our boys, so ne to enable them to endure hardship and privation, as many of them will havo to endure, if we are to havo our great country thoroughly explored in every part. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks to the rev. lecturer wai carried by acclamation. A meeting of members of the newly-formed Civil Sorvice CiicketClub was held at the Mecha- nics' Institute on Saturday. The Hon. W. C. Haines occupied the chair. A code of rules was brought up, and agreed to with amendments. According to these rules, tho government of the club is entrusted to a president, vice-president, treasurer, secretary, and a committee of seven members ; the general committee havo power to appoint a sub-committee of three as n " ground committee;" the season will extend from the 1st October to the 30th Apiil ; and tho captain of " tho eleven" in each match will be chosen on the ground. The meeting afterwards proceeded to the election of officers, with the following result :-Piesidont, Mr. Haines; vico-pres'idont, Mr. Clement Hodgkin- son ; treasurer, Mr. W. H. Hull ; seoretary, Mr. J. B. Philp; committee, Messrs. Matson, John- son, Hardcastlo, Wilson, Sunderland, T. H. Smith, and Snow. In the course of tho proceed- ings it was stated that upwards of a hundred members of the Civil Sorvice had already joined the club. From a telegram before iii, wo see that the Ajax have just had a good crushing, 150 tons of quartz having yielded as much as 303oz. of gold. We believe that Mr. Service, although about to visit England, intends still to retain his seat for Bipon, Tho railway passes rjoontly in use on the Go- vernment lines havo at length been »lied in, we ' understand, and others of a different description issued. Thoso granted to members of tho Le- gislature aro formed of n piece of bono, oval in ' shape, and with a small hole through thom, ad- mitting of their being worn attached to a guard chain or a bunch of keys. On one side of the pass is tho crown, surmounted by tho letters " V, B.," and on the other the name of tho poBscwr. The members of tho Fitzroy Bittes will {take their arms to tho Council Chambers, Webb street, this evening, nt half-past aoven, prior to tho issue of the Lancaster rifles. A sermon was delivered at tho Theatre Boyal yosterday, by tho Bov. JameB Taylor, the minis- ter to the Collin-;-street Baptist Chapel. The in- tention of the rev. gentleman had been to hold a collection at the conclusion of the service-to swell the fund collected for the widow of the late Bov. S, B. nuches, and also for the Sailors'Mis- sion-but, owing to tho extremely wet weather, whioh reducod the attendance to a very small number of persons indeed, the idea was aban- doned. The rev. preacher, in announcing that a similar service would be held on next Sunday, hoped his hearers would come prepared to double their offerings. A lad named Thomas Pitchford, known by the police to be connected with n lot of_ juvenile thieves, waa charged at the City Polico Court on Saturday last with stealing 203. worth of silver from Thomas Ashford, the keeper of a night coffee-stall, at tho corner of Bourke and Russell streets. Tho actual theft was not witnossed, but the prisoner had boen seen loitering about the place, and Sergeant Fullarton had arrested bim a few minutes after tho robbery, with the money in his possession. Ho was sent to gaol for six months. The casos.at the Richmond Polico Court on Saturday wera of an unimportant ohai actor. Michael Healy, alias Murphy, was fined 20s., and 3s. Cd. oostfl, for driving upon a footpath ; while William Howell was finod 5s., and 2s. Gd. cos'.s, for having left his horse and car unattended. Garrett Fitzgerald was brought up, on warrant, charged with wife desertion ; but from the evidence it appeared that, of the two, he was the suffering party. The urhappy couple wero not able to live amicably cogethor, but ho had at least provided moans for her support. To the polico ho is known as- a respectable man, while with them theeharaotor of tho complainant stands by no means high. The warrant, which was granted in the oity, had been refused by tho Richmond magistrates, and the case was dis- missed. Throe mon, namod Tripp, Amy, and Iiapena, wero brought up beforo tho City Police Court on Saturday morning last, by Mr. Superintendent Nicolson, charged with being concorned in working an illicit still, Mr. Nicolson, in com- pany with Mr. Sub-inspector Oriidge and detec- tive officers, had discovered a doublo French still in full operation, and sovoral hogsheads of spirits, at a place on the Dandcnong-road, about four miles from Melbourne. They had also found the prisoners near the spot, and the threo men had then taken tho polico to tho still itself. Tho prisoners were all remanded, to appear before a Supremo Court judge in chambers. The Rev. J. G. Paton, missionary from Tana, addr--" d a large meeting, in John Knox's Church, on Friday night Irst. The Rev. Wm. Miller (who was in the chair) and others pro sent expressed their strong approval of the object of Mr. Paten's mission, as sceminjly essential to tho success of tho missionaries. Mr. Paton addressed the meeting for moro than two boura. A number of nativo dresses, hoathen deities, &c;, wero shown, whioh created much interest among all present. Collection was made at the close of the meeting. We have papers from Adelaide to the 9th, It appears from tho Inglewood Advertiser, that the inquiry into the charge agrnst Mr. Warden Lowther has been conducted at consider- able length, the proceedings lasting three dayB. After hearing addresses and evidence for the complaint and defence, the board of inquiry adjourned sine die. We have received from Mr. Bailliere Parts 3 to 5 of Oanot'a Elementary Treatise on Physics, already noticed, and which coDÜrm our formerly expressed opinion of tho value of the work ti a popular, and yet an iuaccurato, exposition of this branch of science. The Criminal Sessions for the month of Jr'y will eommenoe to-morrow, at the Supremo Court. The calondar, up to the prosont time, contains twenty-eight names. The majority of the cases are those of assault and robbery. Tho following is tho classification of the pri- soners confined in the Central Gaol for tho week ending Friday last:-For trial at the Supreme Couit, 16; remanded by magistrates, 2. Under sontonce-on the road-gang, 16 ; hard labour, 106 males, 2 females; imprisonment, 31 males, 1 female ; lunatic, 1 ; in default of bail, 8 ; debtors, 0. Total, 1S9 males, 3 females. During the weok 60 persons were reoeived into the gaol, and 02 discharged from it. The new Churoh of St, John the Evangelist, at Toorak was oponed for Divine servico yesterday for tho first time. The sermon wes preached by the Rev. Dr. Bromby. H'i Excelloñoy the Governor auii Lady Baikly attended the soi .lo. The state of the Western Gaol for the wc :k ending Friday last was as follows :-Prisoners for trial, 9; under sentence of hard labour, 6 males end 12 females; imprisonment, 3 males and 26 fontales ; lunatics, 2 males ; makiri a total of 13 males and d5 females. During tho week 37 persons were received into the gaol, and 41 dis- charged from it. A very closely contested match was played between the Melbourne and Collingwood Football Clubs on Saturday afternoon, neither side kicking a goal. To a spectator the game was very amusing, the slipperiness of the ground causing numerous "spills," which left unmistakable traces behind them. The propriety of effecting a series of useful, though not very important, improvements within the boundary of the city will be considered at the weekly mooting of the City Council this after- noon. Among thcBe aro the construction of necenary buildings at the Eastern Market, at a cost not to exceed £300 ; the issue of instruc- tions to tho city surveyor to take especial care that the* city regulations in respect to awnings and verandahs be strictly carried out ; the issue of instructions to the town clerk to ascertain if the Government itJU pay tho cost of fitt'ng and lighting two lamps in the Parliamentary Reserve, two more in the Flagstaff-hill Reserve, and six in Fitzroy-gardenB ; the adoption of moans to abate existing nuisances in the private laneB off Little Bourko-street ; and the new bye-law to provont tho attaohmont of signboards to awnings and verandahs, and the piling of goods and articles for show upon the roofs of the same. The council will also be called upon to consider the report of the health officer as to the explosivo properties of kerosene oi> ; and the repoúof-tho Health Committee relative to the reconsideration of the resolution already adopted respecting the economical heating of the City Baths, A meeting of the First St. Kilda B'fles will be held in the Court-house this evening, at eight o'olook, to take into consideration tho vnconey in the command. The annual meeting of the Lidies' Melbourne and Suburban City Mission will bo held ia the hall of tho Mechanics' Institution this evening, at seven o'clock. Tho West Melbourne R'fles will return their armB before to-morrow, to No. 3 Shed. "N^" The comparative failureof " Nioholas Niokleby" at the Princess's Thcatro has been more than re- deemed by the deoided success of " Tho Crioket on the Hearth"-a success due to the oiroum stanco of the adapter having suffered tho original author to speak for binisolf, and to the fact of the drama having been singularly well acted. Caleb Plummer, to begin with, is on o of the most delicately-finished draraatio pictures whioh Mr. Jefferson has presented to a Melbourne audi- ence. His make-up is a study in itself, and denotes tho true artist. He looks as gaunt as the Mantuan apothecary, as woe-begono as Sterne's pi isoner, as familiar with penury na a Dorsetshire farm labourer. That coarse sureoat, you feel, is worthy of the blazon of Douglas Jerrold's " Order of Poverty." The I soanty groy hair which fringes his furrowed temples, tho worn face, the tbin voico, "that pipes and whistles in ita sound," the bowed figuro of the man, tho occasional dreaminess of his manner, are aU tree to nature, and in keeping with tho character portrayed. As embodied by Mr. Jefferson, the toy-maker is a simple-minded, tendcr- heartedoldrnan,withaninnatecheerfulness of disposition whioh poverty and affliction cannot subdue, and an affection for his blind daughter bo absorbing as to induce a naturally guileless character to resort to duplicity in order tho more cffcotually to compass her happiness; which is saying, in effect, that the actor fulfils the author's ideal. Misery is onnobled, and destitution made beautiful, by the aspects under whioh^they aro !' X exhibited by the artist. The subject is elevated by its treatment, and the poor old toy-maker seems to bo dignified by the narrow circum- stances which debase him. The part is not an easy ono to play. Its humorous and pa- thetic attributes intermingle like the colours in a shot bilk, and its vory pleasantry is in part real and in part simulated. The cheerfulneis which ho imposes upon his daughter, has to be assumed when Caleb's heart is heavy with sorrow, and his acconts tremulous with emotion ; so that it gives rise to quaint turns of expression, odd in- flections of tho voice, and abrupt transitions of manner. And while ho dissembles in these re- spects, Bertha's blindness absolves him from the necessity of any falsification of his features ; so that, in the play of these, the spectator ¡b onabled to detect the double part which the old man is assuming, and to perceive the strugglo which it costs him. As Mr. Jefferson is describing tho fictitious appearance of the place he is in, the imaginary freshness of his own attire, and the youthful vigour of his person, the glance bo casts at the dismal realities is full of dolour, not tintinctured with remorse ; and his scared expression of countenance, bowildcrmcct and helplessness of manner, and extremity of grief» on discovering the untoward consequences of all his innocent deceptions, were painfully touching. Caleb Plummer appears to ub to be moro thoughtfully conceived, and more arlisti oally finished, than any portrait Mr. Jefferson has yet prt-sented us with. Those who read the " Cricket on tho Hearth," after having wit- nessed his performance in the dramatic version of it, will always rrsociato with tbo character of tho toy-maker the person of thiB ootor. JNot only does ho look tho " old man, worn with care and work ; the Bpare, dejeoted, thoughtful, grey hairod man," which Dot describes him to be; but he perfects all those portions of the cha- racter which its author may havo left in outline or incomplete. Nor dees it detract from, but adds to, the actor's merit, that such an impersonation is out of the range of actual experience, for, as a good authority has remarked, " if to give ui nature, such n we seo it, is well and deserving of praise ; to givo us nature such ns we have never seen, but havo often wished to seo it, is better and dcservÍDg of higher praise." Almost equal in vigour of drawing, harmony of «lour, and delicacy of detail, to Mr. Jefferson's Caleb Plummer, wi the Tackloton of Mr. Larabort. It wai morosely humorous and grimly diverting. His courog was like that of " the raven o'er tho infectious houso,'' and his exit like the vanishing of a black cloud. People disliked tho surly old mischief-maker too much to applaud him ; but everybody must havo felt the force, consistency, and truth of tho picture ; just as eveiybody enjoyed tho rustió awkwardness of Tilly Slowboy (Miss Emma Notule), her absorbing admiration of the baby, her propensity to get tho baby and herself into difficulties, and the eminently fearful naturo of her rc'nd generally. Her cos- tume was ai good as her acting, and her song even more amusing than either, warning a really clamorous encore. The Peeryblngles, husband and wife, were entrastod to Mr. and Mrs, Bobert Heir, and were therefore in good hands-Dot especially so. The biiskcess of the oharactor wet thorougb'y well presented, and all that is required to satisfy those who remember MrB. Charles Young ii it, is tho infusion of a more colloqv'al tone into the dialogue. Mrs. Al- fred Phillips's retrospective importance, reminis- cences of the indigo trade, and genoralappenrance of faded gentility, in tho pa,; of Mrs, Fielding, wero keenly relished by tho audience, and her by-play in the concluding scene put all gravity to digit. The small part of May Fielding was feelingly sustained by Miss Green ; and Boxer did not appear upon the scene. Only one of Dr. John Brown's dogs, Toby or Wylie, for example, would be capable of representing this canino hero to perfection. Mr. Barry Sullivan seemi to have sailed from Liverpool for this port in tho early part of May Refer, ing to his dopititure, tho Iim pool Albion' of tho 28th of April, obsewes :-"We re(,.-et to loa'a that Mr. Sullivan's absence w'H extend over a period of two or threo yoars. The gain to our kinsmen in the Antipodes will be great, but as thoy do not give in equal talent in return, we are naturpHy end selP^'j reluctant to part with ono who hrs done moro in this lotta than any other actor, living or dead, to foster the memory of our glorious bard. Fortuno and fame wait upon Mr. Barry Sullivan in AustraVa, for our ciuntiy men in that far distant region have a keen ap- preciation of real tr'ent, and never lose an opportunity of mark'ig their love of tho old country by fostering i'3 groatncri. But their gain will bo our loss, for in sendir"; Bany Bulli-1 van we Bend to them an actor who oannot be replaced. Wo shall have to plod along during his absence, content with what remains, and patient in the expso'ttion of his rolurn. That his absence wi'l be as profitable to himself as it will assuredly bo advantageous to those amongst whom he is about to sojourn, is tho earnest hope of his numerous admirers, and wo look forward to tho day when it w'H onco more bo our happy privilego to welcome him amongst us." . 1 " ' -V 