? DENILIQUIN TO LACHLAN ILVER.—No. 3. [FBOM A COHRESPOBDENT.] I HAVE almost forgottea whei-e I was when I diverged from my route to consider the evils of absenteeism, and to express my sunrise at the folly of men going to London to complain of our democracy. I have now, however," discovered the trail; I: was at Wangaiieila Hotels late! the private residence of JMr. fc A. 'Brodriblj. The house is erected on the top of the north bknk of the Billabong on a moderately solid sandhill. The dwelling is large and capacious, having aj hall through the centre, and the buildiug is of pine, with which it is internally lined. .Between the | outer and inner boards, the walls are fillec^ with clay and sand, placed there with the view Sfif leaking the rooms more private by -preventing "-th4 "transmission of sound. The interior is ; very lofty, and there is a large verandah in front:. The dwelling-house is complete, and well provided for a bush inn, and the traveller is ivell. cared for; here my praise must cease. Over many of "the doors oi: hostelries in the ,country districts in England we see.in large letters "Good accommodation for Man land Beast;" bat here the latter of the two (animals would seem to be entitled to the treatment giyeu our poor relations— anything will do for the Australian Bucephalus. Now, everyone feels for the popr horse, but the mode in which we treat him often belies our expressed sympathy. We ride him all day and starve hiin all night.- At this hostelrie the poor auimal gets twofold starvation—he is starved inside and out. The stable is built of thin ] pines, placed vertically; between any two of them you can stow your hand. The building h, high, and open in the rear from loft to roof. It ismiserable structure, and as it is exposed to, the- wintry blasts of the Old Man Plain, tiie poor hefrse, without a bit of bedding, "and nothing' but very indifferent <?haff to eat, comes out in the winter's moiling with the hair of his coat on end, and looking "the very| picture of wretchedness. Hard-hearted must be the traveller when he seesjhis faithful steed so brought out of a stable in the morning;"and my mateJ who could look black when he Eked, now lookedj scowlingly. The landlady, in the landlord's absence; apologised and put on her blandest smile, but| charged the full price (10s.) for each horse. My mate scowled again, grumbled, and—paid. 1 took jthe matter more philosophically^ being an older traveller, although 1 did not feel ..the less than did my friend for my horse. > I resolved— never mind, jl resolved to write to the Pastoral. It seems strange in this vast country, where land is so plentiful, that we never see paddocks attached, to 'these hostelries in the bush. Now, here is. a good house, well kept as far as the guest- is concerned, but thejpoor horse starves. Here close by is a plain, fifty milts broad, and comparatively, of endless length, where a paddock of a mile square could be hail with ease. I find prece dents under the recent Land Act for special grants. The squatter rents the laid from the Crown until the land is required for public purposes, and it is .difficult to meet with a base that eomes more within the meaning of the Land Act than this instance, To all intents and purposes it is a public purpose. This inn is very much required Eor the use of the travelling public. It is situated in a most inhospitable part of :the country, whereat times even water is scarce, and, in- my .opinion, it . is one of these ^ special " instances where the Government could not refuse to sell a section of land- Admitting that it is difficult to ..grow hay here from'the-'extreme heat and from the country .being so exposed to hot wind8-^the salt bush, the wild'co i»n bush, and wild pats thrive. , I do not admit that it is-impossible to grow hay here'; the Gape barley thrives everywhere, and sown early with good seed, failure is an exception, success is the rule. We now take leave of Wanganella, and buckle to for the Old Man Plain, once the terror of the overlanders, but now materially shorn of its difficulties a fog as Ve would expect to. meet with in the High lands of Seotlands, equal in power to saturate an Englishman's jacket, and so we felt it ifor full two hours. The sun looked like an (enormous mass of electric -light through, a London fog-in the month of November. We Boon found out the • difference in the road here, which testified to the scarcity of rain ili this country so fulliqf anomalies. In Deniliquin and the immediate neighborhood we had had rain for amontb, ^vhile here i^e parched earth-appealed forcibly ^o.tbeiplerk'xjf the wea.tper.for a fair share of-the limjydJluijd. '.So partial-had the rain been, that on this vast J)lainj % where thjere could not have, been anylocatinfluenCes-differing from=each other, the rain had been much m'ere sevpre at one spot than at another. Two hours quiet riding brought us to the ""'Black Swamp,]" well knpwn to .the; .cattle drovera. -Its name would seem to denote that the water i» black; it is not so.- It often proves a " God-send" to the poor famishing stock bound for market; and to the poor thirsty drivers; - There is a sandhill partly-surrounding this swamp, and from the easy manner; in which the aurfaee water could be husbanded, the ispot %ould seem to be well ladapted fgr a house of . calftior stock drovers and others. \3&re; is a'jjegend: told of this place that •has somefcinJi of theisiipernaWal about it. . Some 'few years ago a persoii'iof the ns me of; —— was on 'his way to; Victoria wife, store stock, and camped ifor some time at the gwanrp. -H s- was taken ill^ind :here died—a wretched spot for oi e to breathe his last .in; and J question whether poor Burke had-a more idesolate last ieBting-place, However, soon after \- died, there , were rumors that his ghost delighted to make nightly his appearance to those who camped there. Somp time since a young gentleman camped; there with cattle, and then, las Shaksneare writes,— ! • \ £ In the witchmg libnr of night, When chnrchyards yawn, and HtH itself breathes out contagion to the world, the ghost of —Hr, oh his ehesnutj cob, appeared—or the watching traveller thought so. ; I do not profess to say what • it was, but something frightened him. There in that lone hour, and in that lone spot, sat the spectre on the spectre cob.; and transfixed on his horse, speechless from fright,!trembling like the aspen leaf, with hair on-end Like quills upon the fretfulporcupine, sat theiastonished cattle man on horseback—vis & vis they wjere both—the man in the \ spirit and the man in the body; and there stood the; spectral horse and the living horse—the living man, and horse intently gazing, on what is said to be 's ghost. At length . the latter is reported to have said— j Stranger, beware how you do tread. The sacredlprecincts of the dead; Take heed,; when o'er this Spot ! you toil. My miclnight rounds you do n6t spoil. And then, of course, off trotted the ; ghostly cob, or perhaps he "vanished into tbinlairj I have not discovered in what shape he took his departure, but I find that the poorj frightened night-watcher found his way back to camp; he and. his horse are reported to have returned in a violent fit of | trembling, and the rider fainted! That the main part of the story is correct I do not doubt— that is that the party was frightened—horribly frightened—^cannot be doubted from the evidence ;; and the story has so far gained credit that many who have heard of it will not camp at this Black Swamp. We have another well authenticated story relating to this spot. An "imp" in his,, figure, hump-backed, crooked-legged, with large feet and hands, well known in Deniliquin, at one time travelled this way with cattle, and camped at the Black Swamp. He had fallen asleep on the watch, the cattle had broken away, and when roused he declared that the man with the fast trotting cob had taken charge of the mob ; that, in fact, he was riding round them. A young man whom I met with told me that one night, while he was in charge of a [quantity of cattle at this swamp, he saw a man passion horseback; close by him about two in the morning, My informant accosted him, and although they were but ten yards or so apart, the stranger never replied, but trptted onwards—• an unusual thing to do—to.pass jclose to a-camp without speaking! in the dead 1 of the night. So generally have these stories been believed, that many receive theni as truth. One; poor man, after 's death on the Old Man ; Plain, died here of lock-jaw. His name was Lowe, and many bodies at intervals ha,ve been found here of persons who had perished from ; thirst. 's. body was removed to the Sydney side [where he came from, and there buried. In all probability it was this removal tliit gave;rise to the ghost tale. Imagine a man watching in the dead of the night half : asleep, the horse mechanically -going round the camp; perhaps the man; was of; a I nervous., temperament, suddenly awakening in fright, and fancying some hideous thing; but I can never understand a man passing by at midnight And refusing to reply when challenged. I will give one more anecdote respecting this Old Man; Plain,. and I had the facts from the suffferer himself. A man some five or six years since crossed over it in charge of a mob of horses—blood horses and mares from the well known station of Mr. Icely, of Ne^v South Wales. In the mob was a fine-bred old (entire, the father of Cossack and other first-class race horses. While coming over the cold rough inland country, over ranges and steep hills, jfche veteran 1 horse waf very; quiet indeed, but cbilriuig on the. warm plants, the exhilarating effects of the atmosphere made ibe iold horse feel young again. When they left the Murnrr»bidgee. they haa fifty miles to go bver the plain witho.it water; f T the first ten or tiwelve miles the horse capered ar.d galloped around jthe mob, so that when he was about halfway he dropped down from exhaustion. The man in charge had two bottles of water with him for himself, which he exhausted in trying to recover the poor old hbrse ; but he failed to do so; the horse lay dying, j It was very hot, the man himself was suffering from thirst, and it became a grave question-how to'! si ve himself; so • cutting the poor animal's tbroat, ;>ind drinking freely of the horse's warm blood, the man got on his horse and with the mob in a state of weakness reached the Billabong in 'time to save; horses and himself from p^rishintr. The sufferings of fat cattle going to market okust be intense while crossing this plaiu. By the time they reach about the [centre the poor cattle bellow in the most imploring fway for drink. The dr ivers have even hard work; to get them along for the next ten or twelve miles ; but when within ten or twelve miles of the Billabong Creek, where there is water to be procured,' instinct teaches them that their thirst will soon ibe allayed, and now tliey quicken their paces ; from a slow walk they gradually merge into a trot, and [from, that to a gallop, and they keep up this runaway p<»ce until they at length reach the creek exhausted ; they plunge into the water and drink furiouslyj; the men in charge hardly need watch that night. The cuttle, ; after running fifty miles without water, lay down quiet and go to rest securely. ! We will now [pursue our journey. Eight miles or so will bring us;from the Black Swamp to the Pine Ridge. As its. name denotes* it is a ridge of woodland, chiefly pine, arid it extends for miles in right angles to the road. It is about three-quarters of a mile broad,: and on its northern side is the Pine Ridge Inn, a quiet, unpretending roadside publichouse. At this place is a stable connected with Cobb's line : of [coaches. The inn is a small low building, constructed of horizontal pines. The accommodatiotij .for man and hfarse is pretty good. The hay was excellent; and I can fancy the weary traveller appreciating this cleanly-kept little hostelrie, after haying been starved or roasted on his journey. Here we see an attempt to procure water ' by sinking for it. The publitffome time since subscribed a certain sum "of moneyj'to pay for sinking this well, and after a good deal of difficulty water, now beautifully clear, has been reached, but it is brackish. The 1 travellers and the subscribers complain that there is a handsome balance in the treasurer's hands, which, if properly laid out in deepening the well, wpuld in. all probability end in good wholesome .water being procured. I must admit thiat the complaint is not devoid of reason, and if it is^'a fact that this money is remaining idle, the public are entitled Ito a rule nisi. ; The money collected for the well sh6uld be spent on the well. Truth, the proverb says, is to be found at the bottom of a welL We might hope to see this experiment here tried. If riot fepent in deepening the well, I would at all events recommend "tluCEJa second well be sunk, or that, at leafet, a 'railingjjbe j placed around the existing one, or you may sbine day or another have to record the (frowning of/ asi unfortunate inebriate in the hole :so jpatriot£al%; made to preserve rather than to destroy life. I w^s amused while staying here for ani hour at a scene between an old man and bis son, about (twelve yeSrs of age. The latter was chancellor :of jthe' old -main's exchequer, kid the father was most anxious to,obtain a few shillings to pay, as he said, for his xneals, but the son alleged it _ to be for idriik. So .-the : son, having apparently y niore sense,'than the father;" resisted all importuni-^' ties. The imah appealed in all: kinds of ways to his unbending bo|y; at. one niomlent he stormed and swore, vowing vengeance i against the unrelenting boy, but tb no purpose. Then he dropped into the suaviier in modo, coaxed arid tried to wheedle, but the lad was inivulnerable. j Now the old fellow appealed to ijie persons standing by in the following strain:—"Is it- not-disgraceful to See a son behave like that tb hife ppor fatnerj;, but-, he's a native; he's as cunning asja dog;; j he% not like an English boy," &e.;,i ; and following his son round the house, the • latter, chipping-AS- pi£ce of wood, and keeping sokne |ten p^ces in| adyanc'e of the old man, Who seemed desirous of pouncing upon the money. Eventually thfe boy got the Victory, much to the chagrin ofiseverjil loafers who Stood by, like Micawber, waiting.fpr ^orftethint tolturh up. The scene was worthy o| Dicken's p^n 1 or ;Cruickshank's pencil. LAND. SALE] AT DP.NI1.IQ.piK.-7-At eleven o'clock last ]jV"edhes<iay, a iandjsale of country lots lying on the road between tms place and iionraa, was held at^ihe Courthouse. The attendance was pxtiremely FraaTl, comprehending' only two purchasers, Ifar .the fourteen lots on and near tbe r<W from DetjiHquin to Mosma, within a reserve about eight .miles (southerly from Deniliquin, there were no! bidders? /FpH fopr lots within the extended XJeniliffuin reserve, ion and near the road from Deniliquin: to Moama, about three, miles southerly from Deniliquin, there were two vpurcbgsers at the upset priee, viz.;— I. r . v * J. B. Carne,! Lot T, Porjion Ctecvni, 26a. Or. 20p. ' John Taylor! „ IV^oV!'-"*^- - T r „! ! ,„ f . CCr £ots O and pr in |i s- wn werdpot phased; neither were spy;01 W lots, thiff iber, of Baratta. ,. r ',] ; i v ;BoMAN*pA-TpoiJic CHcn] 'ower loft ftejre yesierti&y; pbrpoging to lifali a vine Service at Jeril iJeree nest Suiiday (to-rcorrow) jj FSI DENIIIAUIN ICAICBJBT: CLUB.—This. Club is i|ra8idly increasing the number of its members; they have rjd^jFoted two mopaipjs in eaehweeb to practice. 3 r - 