THE SANDHURST MUNICIPAL SLAUGHTER YARDS. 'To the Editor of (he. Jjendujo Advertiser.) Sir,—I trust you will allow me space in your co lumns to place before tho ratepayers of Sandhurst a few remarks concerning the above yards. In your issue of Wednesday, 25th June, there is a copy of a report, received by the Municipal Council from Mr A.M. Lloyd, the inspector, which at first sight shows an income to have been derived from them for the past year of some £341. And Councillor Strickland forthwith views with satisfaction th? gra tifying results that have attended the establishment of the Municipal Cattle Market, &c.; Now, Sir, if Councillor Strickland would not mind having published in your valuable■-paper an account of all moneys paid for building the slaughter- house, cattle and horso yards, sheep-pens, sinking well, kcj I will undertake to make it quite plain that the funds of tho Council have suffered a great U)ss instead of gain. Surely the money sunk in building these places (and some of the yards will not be many years before they will want re-building) should pay some interest, otherwise it would be better in the rate payers' pocket. But—Mr Inspector Lloyd will say —the good to the town should be looked to as more than counterbalancing the trifling loss of a few hun dreds per year to tho Municipal funds, and which might only add a few pence in the pound to tho rate required. But in answer to that, 1 beg to state, and will prove the fact, that the only good derived from these yards is enioyed bv the butchers, and not bv the public. In a few days 1 will give the Sandhurst people a list of prices paid in Melbourne, and on tho principal goldiields of the colony, for. beef, and they can then judge for themselves what-V-y^gve in price. And I can assure them that as .i- «.bo qualiity of the beef they get, it is infoviT'-eo'^r.Lt sold on any other goldiiehi in Victoria, and tj--».t with scarcely a single exception this inferior beef comes froir1 the Municipal Yards. j So that, to sum up, Mr Editor, I beg to reiterate [ that the Municipal Yards do not pay, and that (save j the butchers) the inhabitants of Sandhurst reap no benefit, therefrom. I beg to remain, Sir, your most obedient servant, EDWIN GEORGE KETTLE. White Hills, 30th June, 1862. Armstrong Gun Practice.—During tlie past month tile member.? of the Volunteer Artillery Companies have been drilled to the use of the Armstrong guns, which arrived in the colony about six months ago. On Saturday there was a parade of the various companies on tiie reserve on Scratchley was present. There were six guns on the ground, and after several manoeuvres had been performed the battery was brought in front, and 'volleys were given. Several rounds were fired, and Captain Scratchley complimented the corns upon the efficiency they had attained in so short a period. In. the course of the afternoon an incident occurred which, fortunately, was not attended with any accident. The vent-peg of one of the guns, through not being properly affixed, was blown up into the air for u considerable dis tance, and upon its falling was imbedded- in the earth several inches.—Argus. FIRE AT KILMORE.—At about four o'clock on Wednesday morning fire was seen proceeding from one of the bedrooms, upstairs, at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, owned and occupied by Mr. Jaines Thomas In a very short time afterwards the ad joining rooms, the roof, and then the lower rooms were in flames. Before five o'clock the whole building was a ruin, and one mass of fire. Two or three casks of spirits were got out of the cellar by Mr. George Hamilton and others whose names we do not know, and a few articles of furniture, of little value were saved, as were also the outbuild ings. Everything else was quickly reduced to ashes. The fire engines did not arrive, as usual, until an hour after the fire had commenced, and there were very few people at the scene. Some means ought to be at once adopted for giving im mediate alarm on such occasions. The fire-engine was principally employed in saving Dr. Nichol son's house, and the outbuildings of the hotel, both of which at one time were in great, danger. The origin of the fire is a mystery. The only persons sleeping in the house were Mrs. Thomas and the children, and servants, and two men, tra vellers, we believe, one of whom, in whoso room the fire is said to have originated, is missing. It is not thought, however, that he has been burnt. —Kilmore Examiner. Rbpkeskvtatio.v or CAsrr.Ejr.u.YG.—We tiwler I stand that Mr. Geo. Ilsirker has been communicated with, for the purpose of ascertaining whether he will consent to stand ; lmt no reply has been re ceived from that gentleman. Mr. Miehie, we are informed on reliable authority, will not accept a requisition. It is not likely that any respectable I local candidate will come forward. Several resi ' dent gentlemen whose names have been mentioned are understood to positively disclaim any intention ol' seeking our suffrages ; so that the constituency will inevitably have to fall back upon Melbourne. Tm it prudent, or con-usicnt with the position the district occupies, that its representation should be left to chance? Hitherto,its representatives have compared favorably with those returned by the most influential bodies, and there is no reason for degenerating now. We believe tiiat Mr. George Ilarker would be very favorably received. He has already represented two mining constituen cies—Sandhurst and Maldon, and for his political opinions, no less than in the discharge of his re presentative duties, he won the esteem of his con stituents. If any more eligible candidate can be found, by all means let him be invited; but we really believe that the gentleman we have named would be acceptable to the niajority of the electors. —Aduerlhir. [Our contemporary is in error as regards Mr. Ilarker having once repre ented Sandhurst.] . Mi!. F. Castim.iV is having a considerable addi tion made (o his steam (lour mills in Piper-street, and, we learn, contemplates making a still more important improvement by the erection of a mill for grinding oatmeal, which will bo a great ac commodation to many farmers in the district, and tend to keep the socal market regularly supplied with an article for which there is an increasing demand. The machinery for the oatmeal mill is already, wc hear, provided. Mr. Castilla, we notice will shortly have his Hour mill in Beudigo completed, and vrc understand that, in conjunction with another party, he is "making preparations for the crection of new steam mills at Castleraaine.— Kyneloit Observer. Mouat v. Kate.—Ilia Honor Mr. I Chapman took his scat in the New Court on Sa , t.irday, in order to proceed with the .'notion to dissolve an injunction in tho case of Mount and .'mother v. Kayo and others. As there was no) the least probability of the arguments being con cluded that day, and as they could not he resumed this njnrning, this 1>cinir evidence week, it was agreed between counsel that, further argument I should be postponed until ne.xt week, alter the heaving of Larnach v. Lane, and the court then adjourned until this morning.— Herald, :!0th June. IscurAsn ix tiik Prick or Gold.—Friday's 0'r:is Constitution says :—Gold has advanced in price another threepence- during the last few days, and the banks are'now giving 78s. 9d. per ounce for Ovens gold." ImI*novi'.mi*nts ox run Mumiourne Cricket Ground.—Since the closc of the last cricketing season the work of improvement has quietly but rapidly progressed on the Melbourne ground. To Mr. Biuret, who took such a prominent part in altering the ground previous to the late All Eng'and matches, the supervision of the \trrl> has been entrusted; and from appearances, the Melbourne Club cricket ground promises to be not only perfect in a cricketing sense, but a very great, ornament to the pretty park in which it is situated. Last season, it will be remembered, the sanction of the Government was obtained to changing the shape of the ground, and before the first " hi" match" was played the fence was removed so as to ovalise the ground. As, however, the English turf—which was so conspicuous last season from its beautiful verdancy, and which was so highly praised by our English visitors—was laid down in iiiu a,Ma „r „ =,p;arc, _ it was thought advisable to make it harmonise with the alterccC shape of the ground. That has now been done/ajul an inner oval, extending to within ninety feeivof the chain fence, has been sown with grass, and nnother acre of playing grouncUias been gained. Around the south and east, sides of the reserve are planted elms, willows, and Moreton Bay figs, all of which were purchased in Sydney They are so arranged that a pretty avenue will bo formed, and in future years visitors will be able to witness a game 111 which English and colonial players may be takiii" part and be sheltered by English trees from the heat of a cblonial summer's sky. Wo may hero .mention that Mr. Moore, of the Sydney Botanical Gardens, has presented the club with a number of valuable trees, which are being..planted round the ground. On each side of the pavilion a reserve has been fenced of! by a neat picket fence, and has been sown with gritss. The portion nearest to the Uichmond-road is intended for erecting marquees during grand matches, and on the south side will be the quoit ground. Rowley, a sort of factotum in the pavilion, is now planting shrubs to hide the fence as much as possible, and when they have grown up the pavilion will present quite a pictur esque appearance. On the whole, the committee of (lie dub are deserving of praise for tho ex ertions they are making to render their reserve in every respect a credit to the colony.— Argiis. Revision Court.—An important decision was given at AVilliamstown, on Saturday, as to the re covery of costs under the Electoral Registration Act. A special court of petty sessions was held, pursuant to adjournment at the AVilliamstown Court House, for the revision of the electoral roll for the northern and southern divisions of that district, A large number of names on the rolls had been objected to by one Thomas Sloane, but at the first meeting of the court on Wednesday last, several points were raised by legal gentle men present against these objections. In the first place. Mr. Pontland showed that the objector had fallen into an error, and mistaken the northern for the southern roll. The names and numbers he stated, for the north division were really for the south, and pica vnrsu. Mr. Rcid also contended that the publication of the names in a supplement to B/'lVs Life, issued apart from the paper itfsdli, was not a compliance with the act, which re-:., quired that the names should appear "'3 weekly newspaper published in Melbourne." •Sloane did not appear on the first occasion.. buV^Ll \- \n^nn0?'-r,n;Mr, QIRxih- fhe Saturday that they considered the point rmciton to the wrong stating of the divisions fatal to fC'ho objections, as it would be unreasonable to exptf-W: that people who had claimed for the north: v division would search for objections to their' claims in the list for the southern division. Thfs' being the case, they considered it useless to entei1 up n the other objection, and quashed the ap peal on the ground stated. Neither the objector (I hoiiias Sloane) nor his solicitor were present: uut Air. lentland, who was in attendance, imme diately applied for costs. He expressed a hope that the bench would mark their sense of the at tempt which had been made to disfranchise 135 i | electors, many of them well- known and respect able citizens. The Bench stated that they knew not whom to gire costs against, as Thomas Sloane had never appeared, and might, for all they knew, be a resident of Kamschitka. Mr. Pentland urged that proof of the individuality of Sloane should be left to him. If the Bench' won 1(1 grant costs, he had no doubt but that he would find the person out. Mr. Mason then stated that both his colleague and he were of I opinion that the case was one in which costs I ought to be given against somebody. An attempt had been made to disfranchise a number of the electors of Williamstown, and the person in akin"* the attempt ought not to be allowed to escape without punishment. However, the Bench saw two great difficulties iu the wav of awarding costs They did not see against whom the costs could be enforced ; and secondly, the act did not provide for the recovory of costs. Costs would therefore be refused, not from any want of will on the part of the Bench to grunt them, hut because they did not think the act sufficiently provided for their doing so.—Age, 30th June. Gardiner.—'The J to. raid (the 1ST. S. Wales we presume), gives the following history of the cele brated bushranger, Gardiner:—This fellow, who is a native of the colony, is about 32 years of age and stands five feet eight inches in height, of a dark sallow complexion. lie was convicted in the name of Clarke, at Goulburn, on the 17th March, 18.54, on two cases of horse stealing, nml sentenced to seven years' hard labor on the roads for each of/cnce, both sentences to date from the same period. "While on Cockatoo Island, he attempted to make his escape by secreting himself. He was concealed for some five or six days, notwithstand ing that^ every possible search was made to dig- I cover his whereabouts; and when fi^und in his hiding place, it appeared that ho nSs provided with a plentiful supply of provisions. Clarke alias Gardiner, is said to he an excellent arith metician, and vriry ingenious in the art of carvin" on bone. While on Cockatoo Island he was ex" ceedingly reserved and distant in his manner and the only prisoner on the island who appeared to be familiar with him was the notorious John 1 cisley, recently .hung at Batlmrsf. Clarke received his tickct-of~leavc in 1859, and goin"* up the country, "he opened a butcher's shop at Spring Creek, Lambing Flat, where lie was taken up on a charge of cattle stealing and committed for trial, but allowed bail. Ho. subsequently absconded leaving his bondmen to pay up. It was then dis covered that he was n prisoner absent, from his district. lie is said to be an excellent stockman and biisliman, and thoroughly acquainted with the w.iotc of the country in the Goulburn district, lie has always been noticed as a very vain man and very proud of his personal appearance. His eyes are brown and his body is quite hairy. Ho has many scars and marks on his body. In the encounter he had with Ilosie the trootier, some months since, he was wounded in the temple, from the effects ol which lie bears a prominent mark. On his left eyebrow is a raised scar. There is another on his chin. He bears a mark of a heavy blow having been inflicted on his elbow joint. 1 he daring, character of the outrage has induced the Governnent to take activc steps, and every available means have been set at work to discover the guilty parties. Ex- Wafidun Musgrovr Wroitgkton Ander son i-. still in New Zealand. The action lie has -riven notice of to the proprietors of the Daih/ Times, for libel, has not yet come off, and wiil probably be two months before it is tried. lie will take no apology, but is determined to try bis hick at law. It is well known he would not have the ghost, of a chance before a Melbourne .jury, but it is surmised the people of Duncdin, being [ mostly Scotch, have some queer notions about the law of libel, and that it's no " canny" having any thing to do with a Duncdin .jury. 'I don't believe this, as no doubt they arc just as forward in maintaining the freedom of the Press in Otago as in Victoria.—Melbourne Correspondent Ballarat Tribune. Tin: O'Sitanassy Taiilkau in "Punch."— Much disgust is felt at tho tableau in Pun ch o( to-day, representing! 'Shanassvas having achieved *o much. It is well known that to DtilFy is due the carrying of the Land Bill, and the Assembly can clearly claim the Distillation Bill as its own, for nothing is better known than that O'Shanassy did his best to keep back the Distillation Bill, until longer delay would have been fatal to the Ministry. The honors of the session have indeed been very fairly divided. To Mr. Brook's Occu pation Licenses is due whatever is liberal in the present Land Bill, and to his tact and judgment is owing its safe passage through the House of As sembly, and the Legislative Council. Mr. Yerdon can claim a share of the honor of the Civil Service Bill, as it was under his auspices that the princi ples of the measure were first laid down, To Mr. llealea is owing the carrying of the Common Schools Bill; and Mr. Service claims the. honor of giving us chcap conveyancing. When we look at the violent opposition Mr. O'Shanassy has given to useful "measures' carried ii.J spite of him, the honor, duo to him is small indeed.—Melbourne Correspondent Ballarat 7 ribune. Death of Mb. A. F. IIasmjham.—"We are sorry to record the death of Mr. Arthur Frank Ilasicham, formerly reporter to the Daily News. and aiterwards attached to the staff of the Gcelong Advertiser. The melancholy event took place at Ramsgafe, Kent, on the 17th daj' of December last. The deceased will be remembered in con nection with the massacre at the Eureka Stockade, he having received some half-dozen bullets in his shoulder from some chance shots while engaged in taking notes of the affray for tho Melbourne Herald. Mr. Hasleliam's claim upon tho colony received favorable consideration on two separate occasions, the Parliament having voted him, no later than last year, the sum of .£500, and a like amount about seven years since. The deceased left this colony for England in the Lincolnshire, and had only landed in England about a week before he died,—the cause of death being the wounds he received in the great Ballarat riots of 18;>4. Mr. ITasleham was one of the best thea trical critics in tho colony, and his profound knowledge of Shakspeare was something wonder ful. lie died at his brother's residence, at Ilams gate, as before stated, aged thirty-four years.— Geeloug Chronicle. [We may "add that Mr. Ilasleham was a ripe scholar, mid a most pleasant companion.—En. B.A.~\ Taking it Coolly.—On Tuesday night, about nine o'clock, Mr. Humphrey, watchmaker, called at the Smythesdale Camp, and gave information that, a few minutes before, at the Chinese Camp, at a short distance from the road side, he had heard loud cries of "murder." A lantern was procured, and some of the constables, accompanied by their informant,- proceeded to the spot in question, where they lbund twenty or thirty Chinamen standing round an'old shaft, from whom they learned that the shaft was about fifty foet deep, and that some wayfarer had gone down rather precipitately to the bottom. Senior Con stable Shelly then proceeded to the mouth of the shaft, and called out. " Who's there ? " " Scotch Jock," shouted a voice at the bottom. " Are you not filled ? " asked the constable. " Did you ever kjjp/»?.a drunk man killed yet," roared Joelc in 'reply. A rope was then 'lowered, but Jock j shouted out-to them on the top to give him time to gather up his marketing, which consisted of butter, tacks, bristles, kci Having col JeotP.d all. tU w«om] articles, hc'ij'as hmiieil Tin . sate anil sound, ana on looking «>er his misoiri •rifineons store, he found that not a single item was I missing, with the exception of the butter, which had, lie concluded, been taken by tbe Chinamen, J and. which, he thought,. ">ey deserved for their trouble.—Gren villa Adwoate. Thh Bisiror op Melhouhni; has favored Mary borough with a visit this week. His Lordship I arrived on Wednesday and preached in the Church of England, but the evening was exceedingly wet, preventing the attendance of anything approach ing to a large congregation. The Bishop, we believe, had in view a desire to bring to an end the unfortunate differences between the Incumbent and many members of the Church of England ; dillerences which it is our regret to think will not readily be healed, so long as so many leading members of the town steadily and determinedly refuse to submit to. the present pastorship. The care for the Church of our Fathers as an institu tion appears to be lost sight of to some extent, and if there be tangible grounds of complaint it is thq bounden duty of members to state them to the proper quarter, without the care for consequences or personal inconvenience, These unhappy dis sensions are much to be lamented, and place us in a bad position.—M. and D. Advertiser, Nkw Way of Paying Old Deists.—A most extraordinary case of simplicity" was developed on Friday last, at the Ballarat Police Court. The Star says—" It appeared that two individuals from the Emerald Isle had some dealings with each other, and that one was indebted to the other, and to the extent of £6. Both met on the Melbourne road, after being at the Roman Catholic Chapel, and proceeded to the Lamb Inn to square accounts The debtor was unable to pay the creditor £6. but proposed to borrow the amount for him and pay the sum owing. This was absented to, the money was laid on the tabic, the debtor gave an IOU lor the amount, and handed back the .£6' to the per son who had paid it to him a few seconds before, thus, as he believed, liquidating the debt. To re cover the £6 due on the IOU the creditor appeared in court, when the defendant narrated the occur rence, and pleaded that he was not indebted to the plaintiff at all. The Bench dismissed the case, and told the creditor to sue for the original debt." Litigation Abating.—The people of Victoria are evidently losing that fondness for litigation | which w;is formally so distinguishing a feature in colonial society, or else they cannot just now in dulge in so expensive a luxury. On their Honors the Judges taking their seats on Saturday, to hear motions in term, the only barrister present was Mr. Fellows. On being called on, however, lie had no motion to make, and their Honors with drew. Such a circumstance as a. day in term passing without any business has hitherto been almost unprecedented in the colony since it first had a Supreme Court of its own.-^e, 30th June. 'Unimproved Crown Lands at Mai,i>on\— The Tarrcw;maer Times of 27th June states that the Minister of Lands has lent a favorable ear to the complaints- made to him of the exorbitant upset price for unimproved and improved town lots at Government land sales in that district, and has in some degree abated his demands. " The improved lots, that at the last land sale were re duced in their upset price from £100 to £75 an acre, have been further reduced to £50, and so on in proportion. No alteration, however, liaa been made in the price of unimpro ved lots." Tiie Railway WiiAitr at Gf.ei.ong.-—The preliminary borings on the site of tho new railway wharf (says the Gwlong Advertiser), are now nearly completed to the full length, 1,000 ft. from the shore, tmd it is understood that tenders for the work will be very shortly called for. No deviation will be made in tbe shore portiou of the line. The approaches will not be disturbed, bm the wharf will be made straight out i. om the present abutments. As tho bottom of the bay is soft and oozy at that place the piles at the extreme end will require to be of considerable length. 