LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, 21st Januauy, 1862. The Speaker took the chair at half-past four o'clock, and was immediately afterwards sum moned to attend his Excellency in the Legislative Council Chamber to witness the assent given to the Statutes Construction Bill. On his return the House resumed. NEW NOTICES OP MOTION, &C.; Mr DENOVAN gave notice that on Thursday, the 23rd January, he would ask the hon. the Pre sident of the Board ot Land and Survey if he was in possession ot rae iacis connectea wiin tne illegal sale by the Government in or about the and of the year 1S60, of a portion of the quartz claim of George Wilmer and Co., situated in Monument Hill Reef, Sandhurst, and if so, whe ther he will state what steps the Government in tend to take to compensate the owners of said claim. Mr LOADER gave notice that on Thursday, the 23rd January, he would ask the hon. the Commissioner of Trade and Customs to lay upon the table of this House a copy of the correspon dence between his office and the late Immigration Agent upon the subject of that officer's removal from his office on the 31st December, 1860. Mr 'W. C. SMITH gave notice that on Wednes day, tho 22nd January, he would ask the hon, the Attorney-General, if he will furnish a return showing the number of cases that have been brought before each of the Courts of Petty Ses sions during the year 1861. Mr SINCLAIR gave notice that on Wednes day, the 22nd January, he would ask the hon. tho Treasurer, whether the member for Castle maine (Mr Pyke) has already received, through the Treasury, any portion of the £450 brought down by the Treasurer on the Supplementary Estimates for 1861. Mr LOADER gave notice that on Tuesday, the 28th January, he would ask the hon. the Com missioner of Trade and Customs, whether the Government intend to grant compensation, &s; promised, to the late Immigration Agent, on being removed from his office, on so short a notice, after 30 years' service r Mr BENNETT gave notice that to-morrow he would move that the Melbourne and Geelong Corporations Acts Amendment Bill be referred to a select committee. Mr PYKE gave notice that on Tuesday, the 28th, he would ask if it was the intention of the Government to introduce any measure for the reform of the present imperfect and inefficient Gold Fields Act. Mr DON gave notico that, on Tuesday next, he would ask for a return showing the number of the runs of the pastoral tenants of the Crown, the size of each, and their several positions. Mr M'CANN gave notice that, on'I'uesdaynext, he would move that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole, for the purpose of pre senting an address to his Excellency, praying him to place a sum of £4500 on the estimates for the purpose of erecting a bridge over the Bar won at Ceres, and ovsr the Moorabool near Meredith. Mr CASEY gave notice to ask, to-morrow, if it was the intention of the Government to bring in a District Councils Bill during the present session ? Mr LOADER gave notice of his intention to ask, to-morrow, whether the Government in tend to bring in a militia bill during the pre sent session ? Mr DON gave notice to ask to-morrow what arrangements had been made for shortening the hours of attendance at the main branch of the General Post Office, and when they would come into operation ? Dr EVANS said he had not had the subject under his consideration, but some persons, think ing a change desirable, had adopted the ingenious device of inserting a paragraph in the papers, declaring what his (Dr Evans's) intentions were, and gratuitoasly eulogising him for his supposed conduct in the matter. Mr DON said ho was sorry to hear that such was tlie case, for he had been led to believe that the only obstacle in the woy of carrying out the object was the fear entertained by the Postmaster General of the opposition he would meet with from the democratic side of the House. Dr EVANS said he had never uttered a single syllable to any human being on the subject, and, therefore, the opinion alluded to was only im puted to him. He desired to avoid the expression of an opinion in one way or the other. Mr PYKE cave notice of his intention to ask, on Wednesday, the Minister of Justice for a return showing tho number and names of regis tered quartz claims, the nominal capital invested, and the number of shares and shareholders in tho same. Mr GRAY asked, the Minister of JuBtice if he would furnish him, with information of the par ticulars of the bills of costs in those few cases of appeal from the County Court to the Supreme Court in which the Government was interested, provision for which appeared on the estimates ? Mr WOOD promised to do so, if a record of the same had been kept. Mr M LELLAN gave notico that to-morrow he would ask the Postmaster General whether ho had lost all authority over his department, and the reasons why his orders were not carried out in the establishment of a post-oflice ut Langhi Gheran, Ararat. THB RUSSIAN ritlOATB SWBTLANA. Mr LOADER said it was commonly reported in the city that the Russian frigate Swotlana had been allowed to anchor in the bay without re ceiving a salute from the batteries, and that the commandtr of the frigato sent a message to in quire whether ho Bhould salute, and the answer was given that if he saluted it could not be re turned, as the batteries were not in o position to do so for want of ammunition. (Laughter.) lie thought it would have been something more than a laughing mattor, supposing the Swetlana had come as u foe instead of a friend, with no batteries to give her a. British welcome. He de sired to know whether it was the fitct that the batteries at Williamstown and fiandridge had not a charge of powder with which to return a salute to the flag of a foreign power friendly to our selves, mid visiting us in peace and amity? Mr O'SHANASSY said that tho practice of putting important questions to the Government without notice was highly irregular, and ought not to be tolerated except on cases of pressing necessity. Ho did not see any pressing necessity in tho present case, as the fri gate had left tho harbor, and a question of such a character required' a reference to military autho rities before it could be answered. Although he knew of the circumstances of the case from his position at the Council Board, ho was not at liberty to state more than that the Major-General had taken the necessary steps to salute the flag of s friendly power. Ho would greatly regret that *ho city should be laid under contribution for want pf a supply of powder t» tho batteries, but he thou-tf't that the hoa. member, -Ir Yerdou, whom he might call the Minister of War for' Williamstown, would have looked into the matter, und take i e.r.re that a salute waa fired. Mr VERDON said the batteries at WiUiams town had been dismantled and the guns removed, und it waa therefore impossible to firs a salute, 2ven with a magazine full oi powder. Mr LOADER observed that the correspondence lie had applied for on a previous day with respect to the Defence Commission had not been fur nished, and stated his intention to give a notice of motion with respect to the defences of the Bay, which, he feared, in common with the bulk of the inhsbitants, -ivere not receiving that attention they deserved. PASTORAL RF.TUItNS. Mr ORKNEY asked the hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey if he would place on the table df the House, within a week, a return giving the names of the holders of pastoral li censes within the colony of Victoria, the name and area of each run, where situated, the kind and quantity of stock depasturing thereon ; and the several amounts of assessment and license fees received therefrom; such return to give these particulars in each year, commenc-ng from 1851 up to the present year? Alsa a map to ac company the above return, showing the bound urie» ux cuuu xuiij wiut wiu Jiavutui. and the situation, extent, and value of improve ments made by the Crown tenant ? Mr DUFFY replied that thw bulk of tho in formation sought by the hon. member could be obtained from the last number of the Government Gazette. With regard to the areas of the runs, theTeturn alluded to gave tho closest approxima tion obtainable. About two years ago a map was ordered to be prepared showing the bsundaries and natural water supply, such as rivers, creeks, fcc., and which was still in existence, but had never been issued, for tho reason that it was but an approximation to the truth. If the House thought fit to have the map, he would lay it upon the table. Mr BROOKE asked when the returns he had applied for some time ago, with respect to the number of occupation licenses taken out, as well as the number of runs granted for a p erics of years to pastoral tenants, would be forthcoming ? Mr DUFFY replied by laying the squatting return on the table, and said he had given in structions that the other should be brought down in the course of the evening. Mr DON observed that it had always been a difficulty to him to distinguish between the oc cupants of pastoral runs in cases where he found several family names. Where the object was to ascertain whether Mr Smith, fir example, whose name might appear several times on the return, was one :md the same individual, was of some importance, and he desired to know whether the Government could not specify whether the indi viduals in such cases were the same. Mr DUFFY observed that he had experienced wie same uirncuity, out never luun. any uieuus iu ascertain beyond what were available to other hon. members. He would furnish such a return if desired. THB MAINTENANCE OF RAIL WATS. Mr SINCLAIR asked the honorable the Com missioner of Railways whether it was the inten tion of the Government to let by public compe tition the maintenance of such of the Victorian Railways as had been completed and taken out of the hands of the contractors. Mr JOHNSTON said it was not the intention to let them in the manner expressed. The system of contract was tried many years ago in England, and was found to be so unsatisfactory that it had been abandoned, and railway companies found it more advantageous to keep the maintenance of the permanent ways in their own hands. TIIB MAINTENANCE OF THE MAIN 31.0ADS. Mr NIXON asked the hon. the President of the Board of Land and Works — 1. When the maintenance contracts for the main roads would be advertised for tender ? 2. Whether before or after the passing of the estimates ? Dr EVANS, who said ho had undertaken to answer questions belonging to the department presided over by his colleague, who occupied a | seat in the other House, requested the hon. mem ber who had asked the question to postpone it until to-morrow, which was assented to. TUB 11EGISTRATION OP PARLIAMENTARY VOTERS. Mr O'SHANASSY moved for leave to bring in a bill to suspend the operation of certain enact ments relating to registration of Parliamentary electors, and for other purposes. He saic that the House was aware that in the early part of the session it was indicated that the intention was not to proceed with the collection of the electoral roll for tho year, but to make use of that very re cently collected, and at a considerable outlay of money. The course which was being taken was that indicated by the House, and as the law re quired that some action should be taken to in demnify the Government for the course they in tended to take, the bill made such provision as would enable them to carry out their views. Leave waa given to introduce the bill, which was read a first time, and ordered to be read a se cond time this day week. THB CIVIL SERVICE. On the motion of Mr O'SHANASSY, the House went into committee for the consideration of certain resolutions in connection with tho Civil Service Bill. He said it w as merely a lor mat re solution which he had to propose, in order to enable him to bring in a bill having for its object the granting of gratuities and allowanceo from the consolidated revenue to such officers of tho Civil Service as might become entitled to them by law. The resolution was adopted, and ordered to be reported to the House, and the report was made an order of the day for its consideration at a future period. WAYS AND MEANS. On the motion being put that the Speaker do leave the chair, Mr VERDON rose and said he thought it ex pedient that he should offer the remarks he was about to make before the Speaker left the chair. But before entering upon the discussion of the budget, he desired to remind the House of two observations which he had made, and laid consi derable stress upon, when he had the honor to hold the position which was now held by the hon. member for Portland. He had first said that finance was not a question on which any factious opposition should be offered, and the opinion which he then held on tho point, he held still. He thought it would be highly im proper to make any factious attack upon the Go vernment. B' t whilst that was his duty on the one hand, he had also another duty to perform, that if ho saw anything in the budget which he thought inexpedient or dangerous, he should point it out to the House, and if he had gained any experience during the time when he was in office he should give the benefit of it to hon. members around him. He, therefore, felt that he would not be doing hia duty if he did not point out certain objections which he saw to the budget of the hon. member for Portland. Tiie other observation he had made was, that the late Government was ejected from office not on the merits or demerits of their financial scheme ; and he would now endeavor to support both those positions. The hon. member for Port land had omitted the usual course of com paring the estimates of his predecessor with his own, but had at once brought the House to the deficiencies which existed in the present and previous years,, and which formed the keystone of tho whole financial arch. He . (Mr Verdon) would follow him, but before he did so, he would read the amendment of the hon. member for Kil more, upon which the late Goverment was ejected from office. The amendment was, 'That this House having duly considered the estimates of in come for 1362, submitted by the Government, is of opinion that they are unreliable and unsatis factory. It is further of opinion that the incon sistent policy upon which such estimate is founded gives no assurance of raising _ the country from its prfcsent depressed condition.' Now, lie felt it due to himsalf, to his colleagues, and to hon. members on his side of the House to coll the attention of members generally to the re markable and extraordinary accuracy of his esti mate of the probable deficiency to be carried for-, ward from 1561 to 1862. He had estimated that deficiency at £123,484, but the hon. member for Portland now staled it at a li: tie over £120,000.; The hon. membor commenced with that amount. He (Mr Verdon) commenced with the same, and he flsited whether the resolu tion of tho House, which he had read, was a just one? He said distinctly that it was not; and that so far an the past was concerned, he was right beyond all hope or anticipation. But the hon. member disiruuted the i'atuir, and said that his (Mr Verdon's) estimate of revenue was alto gether unreliable; so far so, indeed, that it was not desirable that the House jshotild consider it at all. He had made an analysis 1 of the present estimates, and he would ri'ad the j figures as they stood side by flide cad then leave hon. members to judge between him and the hon. member for Portland. For it must prove one or the other of two tilings, cither that he (Mr Ver don) was not incorrect, or, that being incorrect, the hon. member for Portland had adopted his erroneous estimates. He would premise that ho had in both cases reduced the amount to the standard of the existing sources of income, in order to suit the present headings of the estimatea. He (Mr Verdon) had estimated the amount to bo -derived in 1862 from spirits at £588,000. The hon. member lor Portland- made it £5J8,150. From wine the hon. member for Portland calculated upon £-10,000; he (Mr Ver don) expected 41,000. From beer the hon. mem ber expected £50,000 ; he (Mr. Ve;don) £38,000 ; and in passing, he might say that he did not be lieve thatthe hon. member would realise tho amount ho calculated upon, for the very largely increasing production of home made beer was materially affecting the importation of the article. From to bacco and snuff the hon. member calculated upon £135,000, he (Mr Verdon) £137,000. From cigars the hon. member for Portland expccted £24,500, lie (Mr Verdon) £22,000. From tea the hon. member cxpected £110,030, he (Mr Verdon) £120,000. Sugar and molasses the hon. member estimated at £115,000, he (Mr Verdon) at £104,000. From coffee the hon. member calculated upon £14.000, he (Mr Verdon) £11,000. From opium the hon. member looked for £11,000, ho (Mr Verdon) for the same. From other duties and registration lees the hon. mem ber expected £138,000, he (Mr Verdon) £150,000. The total difference between their estimates of customs' revenue was £5650. In the excise from spirits distilled in Victoria, the hon. mem ber calculated upon £10,000, he (Mr Verdon) upon the Bame. From publicans' licenses the hon. member looked for £60,000, he (Mr Verdon) for £70,000. From spirit merchants' licenses, the hon. member calculated upon £13,000, he (Mr Verdon) upon £14,000. From auctioneers' licenses the hon. member expected £3000, he (Mr Verdon) £4000. Btewers' they both set down at £1200, aud ail other licenses at £12,000. Under these circumstances the differences were scarcely appaient. In the territorial revenue, from pro ceeds of sales of Crown lands, tho hon. member calculated upon £490,000 ; he (Mr Verdon) esti mated them at £400,000. Rent of land, pastoral occupation, new runs, and other licenses the hon. member estimated at £330,000 ; he (Mr Verdon) at £335,000 ; and it would be remembered how much was said of the fallibility of his (Mr Ver don's) estimSte -under this head. From the ex port duty oil gold the hon. member expected £205,755. He (Mr Verdon) had put it down at £211,192. Miners' rights the hon. member set down at £45,000. He (Mr Verdon) calculated them at £36,000. From business licenses the hon. member expected £24,000, and he (Mr Ver don) the same, and they both also estimated the proceeds of leases of auriferous land at a similar rate, £12,500. As to the railway income, hon. members would re collect how much was said of the utter falli bility of his (Mr Verdon's) estimate. Well, the hon. member for Portland had set down that item at £336,000, whilst he (Mr Verdon) estimated it at £380,000. Water rates, which he (Mr Veidon) had set down at £60,000, was another item which had been challenged, but iu the estimates of the hon. member for Portland it was set down at o similar amount. Eleettio telegraphs were also exactly the same. Frona ports and harbors, he had expected £15,000 ; but tho hon. member for Portland calculated on £16,100, being a difference of £1100 in his (Mr Verdon's) favor. The postage was the same ia both estimates, £120,000. Fines and forfeitures were the same in both estimates, and miscellaneous expenditure Y B1JT ucoii^ iuc urnci C111.C iiv uoiiuj but £1100. He had tr.ken the difference of the sum!, and he found that the totals gave his esti mates for all these items as £82,4131ower than those of the hon. member. Butthehon. member estimated that he would receive £90,000 more from the sale of land. Adding that, there would be a difference j of £7537 on all other sources, out _ of a tota. of £3,000,000 of money, and yet it was to be said that the resolution on which the late Ministry resigned olfice was just. Now he took these figures, and they disproved the assertion of the resolution, ana also bore out his second assertion, that the Ministry was not- turned out of office on the merits or demerits of their financial policy. (' Hear, hear,' from Mr Francis.) Th» hon. member for Richmond, who sat opposite, and who knewi the facts, cheered that statement. Having disposed of the esti mates of revenue, and having shown not only the correctness of his calculations, or the incor rectness of those of those of the hon. member for Portland, but haying also shown that that hon. member's estimate of the deficiency was within £3000 of the amount at which he (Mr Verdon) estimated it, ho thought that his calculations might be considered very accurate and excellent when it was on a sum uf £3,000,000 to be received, and £8,000,000 to be paid away, aud he thought it must be satisfactory, not only to himself, but to the House, which, for the nonce at least, had trusted him, that he should have been so near tho truth. The special appropriations had been taken without alteration, but there was £10,000 less for the postal contracts, though no particulars were given, and a very largo amount of information had been omitted. Including schedule D, tho whole esti mated expenditure of the hon. member was £3,106,496 against Ills (Mr Verdon's) estimate of £3,027,455, showing a difference of £79,011 against the hon. member. The noticeable dif ferences between his estimates and those of the hon. member for Portland were first the large dif ference in salaties, in which there was an increase of £36,000 over the amount proposed by his (Mr Verdon's) colleagues. With reference -?' -*?» tu oi.j, wi.uu House ought to pause before it accepted a budget which involved an increased expenditure which was totally unnecessary, which he (Mr Verdon) did not require, and which was totally unwarrantable under the circumstances of the country. Now the hon. member, in making his statement, had 6atd, that this increase was made with the concurrence of a Board consisting of the heads of departments ; but was it suggested by these gentlemen? He (Mr Verdon) did not believe it, for he believed that the Board appointed by the lato Government had decided that the maximum and minimum salaries pro posed by them weie satisfactory. And he would say, unless the hoh. member assured him to the contrary, that he did not believe that the increase was suggested by the Board. Again, there was an in crease of £70,000 for immigration.' He would say that in tho presentstate of things, whilst we had an unsettled land law, and no encouragement was given to local industry, it was monstrous to encourage people to come here merely that they might go to Now Zealand, or starve, or go back again. He would vjte any sum for immigration, ' provided tho hon. member would give some ma terial guarantee that he would find means of em ployment for the people when they came out. Before hon. members voted tliis money they ought to be assured that they had done all they could do as a Parliament to render the arrival of immigrants beneficial to themselves, and pros perous to the country. In the absence of any system, or proposition, or encouragement of trade, or manufactures; it wa3 suicidal to Bpend euch a sum for such a purpose. He was surprised to hear . the hon. member for Sandridge tacitly assenting: to this proposal when ho had said formerly that it was undesirable to spend even £50,000 for immigration just on the eve of tho teruiinotion of the railway contracts. In the matter of education it appeared thatthe Government did not contemplate any alteration in the present law. The lion, member for Portland hai said nothing ab iut it, aud it was usual wken any item suggested a statement of the in tentions of tho Government, that it should be made. He (Mr Verdon) . therefor,; concluded that it was not the intention of th-s Government to alter the law. (' No,' from tha Ministerial benches.) He was glad to hear that reply, but ns he saw £15,000 added to his esliinatii, he had presumed that no alteration wa3 tu be submitted to the House at present. It might be said that lie had no right to mention education at this stage, but the House would recollect, that he had stated chat it was the intention of the Government of which he was a member, to introduce a bill establishing one uniform system of education, and that a saving to the extent of £15,000 or greater could be effected, whilst a j better system of instruction would be provided. In tho military expenditure there was a proposed increase of £11,000,' and this made up the entire £132,000 deficiency. He thought he had now given the whole scheme of the hon. member for Portland. The hon. member said it was abso lutely nece&sary; to have aa increase of £39,093 for the Civil service, £70,000 for immigration pur poses, although we were doing nothing for the settlement of the land law, or tho encouragement of native industry, £15,000 for education, because we were not going to alter the law, and £11,000 for military works. If we added £90,000 to the procesds of the land soles, we deduced the deficiency to £42,000, nnd by taking £50,000 off the roads and bridges, we would have £8000 to the good. With reference to the £50,000 off the roadj and bridges, he did not agree with the hon. member in the reason he assigned for striking off that amount. Tho hon. member said that when the railways were completed roads and bridges would not be required. But the experience of other countries had shown that although railways existed, small roads were necessary tofeedtheiailways. Indeed, ho believed that it would be necessary to spend oven larger sums to complete the internal com munications with these railways, especially for the next few years. He could have understood this proposal better if the hon. member, in sub mitting his budget, had told the House that it was tho intention of the Government to introduce a scheme for local self government, but he did not understand that it was the intention of the Go vernment immediately to bring in such a mea sure. He understood the. hon. member to say no thing about the matter, and he there 'ore concluded that the sum on the estimates was all that was available for roads and bridges. Mr O'SHANASSY : The hon. member is aware that on the opening of the House, I stated that the Government would introduce a bill to estab lish local self-government. Mr VERDON had not remembered that state ment. He hoped the hon. member would also say thatthe bill would bo in operation in time to make up for the loss of this £50,000. Mr O'SHANASSY ; That must depend upon the House. Mr VERDON said he remembered on a pre vious occasion thehon. member saying that it was tho business of the Government to carry its measures tlnough the' ILrnse. With such a re markably strong Government the hon. member ought to be able to carry his bill. He was- glad the hon. member said he would introduce the measure, as no doubt he would curry, it through in timeturenderthe£50,000 unnecessary. Having, he believed, shown that the Government had made an unjust increase and decrease, he next I-,. -t,a r,f (MOrtOnO 1BP.1 x-an.vs tu w.o uunwcuvj u. Now, what did the hon. member say about ; that ? He said he did not liko to cal culate upon a saving accruing during the present year, but that looking to 1S60, and finding that there had been a saving in that year from 1859, it was possible that this £120,000 might be very much reduced; but that at all -[events if such were not the case, no great inconvenience could arise. At that point he was interrupted by the hon. member for Kilmore, who was evidently misre portecl, but who was represented as saying that the cash balance was £653,599. Mr O'SHANASSY said that no doubt the repoiter had caught the expression ; but what he had said was that thut sum was available for railway purposes, and not for the ordinary pur poses of Government. Mr HAINES said he had made a calculation, and that he found that this £653,000 was the sum now to the credit of Government on account of j the revenue. Mr VERDON inquired whether the £653,000 was the cash balance, in the bank without refer ence to the railways. Mr HAINES referred the hon. member to his financial statement. Mr VERDON said in that ease ho found he was unfortunately correct. The lion, member was confounding the general finance ac count with the cash balance. The only balance the hon. member would have would be about £8000, and as far as the general finance account was concerned, he wa3 insolvent. The cash balance did not belong to him, ns every shil ling of it was pledged for the expenditure, leaving but £8000, and the general finance account was short by £120,000. Ia dealing with the cash balance and the advance account, the hon. mem ber ought to know that under the contract with the banks it was necessary for him to keep the balance on their side of the account. The hon. member knew when the balance was brought. to him whether that was the case. Mr FRANCIS said the hon. member waa put ting an unfair construction. (Oh ! oh 1) Mr VERDON said that the hon. member for Portland proposed to let this balance stand against the saving of 1862. He agreed with the lioa. member that there might be some savings avail able for tho general finance account, but he would remind the hon. member that if he left himself with a balance of- only £SO0O, he would be doing a most unwise thing. He (Mr Verdon) had known of these savings, but he found he j could not rely upon the .House, and that ho must leave u margin for 1862, against 1 the probable additional sums to be voted by hon. members. But when would the hon. mem ber have to pay this £120,000 ? The Audit Act said in two years ; so that at the end of 1862 it mu3t be either paid or the debt transferred to something else. And when would the saving be realised? Not until the end of 1863, The hon. member could only make an estimate in 1862 of the probable saving, but he (Mr Verdon) defied him or any other hon. member to say what the saving would be. But at the end of 1862 the books for the year were closed, and how could the savings be entered in them? The hon. member might take a sum fiom the cash balance, but he (.vtr Verdon) eaid that that was an improper mode of dealing with a deficiency. The hon. member had not considered fully when he submitted that proposition. It was against all the prin ciples that had been followed since the colony first had a Treasurer. He asked the hon. mem ber lo pause before taking such an undesirable mode of dealing with a deficiency. He knew the hon. member had ono strong point which it would not be fair to him or the House to conecal, for in questions of finance it was not fair to take such advantages. That was, that an amount had been advanced already from the cash balance for railway purposes. The case, however, was a peculiar one. The Govern ment had security for that. It was not a defici ency, but a profitable investment, giving interest at the rate of six per cent. But upon what secu rity did the Government advance the money r On debentures. (Mr 0'Shanat.sy : 'No.') Mr Verdon, continuing, insisted that debentures were the security, and the debentures were not to be sold, or at least the proceeds applied to any purpose, until the £340,000 wa3 extinguished. Mr O'SHANASSY said, the hon. member was under a mistake. There was no authority to issue debentures then nor for six mouths afterwards. Mr VERDON said, it wa3 in contemplation. There were the debentures. They were ready to . be sold, and it was known that money would be realised rn them. What waa the difference be tween that and tho case of the hon. member? Why, that in the one caso there was security, and in the other there was none. Of course, the hon. member might fall back upon the House, but was that the way to meet a deficiency 9 He ^aid that was not the way to do it, and he believed that he; expressed tho views of hon. members around him. Another peculiar proposition had been made, namely, that the charges for the Engineer - in - Chief of Railways' department should fall upon the Railway loi.n. He had heard such ;a proposition before but he had dissented: from it, because he; found it impossible to sever the construction from the maintenance in the Chief Engineer's de partment. He regretted very much the hon. member had thought proper to adopt this as part of his scheme. He had nothing further to say of the expenditure, and he had already dealt with the reveuue, .but there were still one or two points to' be considered by the House. The Go vernment were about to reduce tha gold export duty by 6d on the 1st July, but he did not believe the representatives of the mining districts would be satisfied ' with that. He believed they would not have been, even if it had been the policy of the Go vernment since its creation, or of its individual members for years. But had it been their policy ? or had not everything been said against such a re duction which they could urge? He could not explain how this was done when there were members of the Ministry holding views opposed to the abolition of the duty, especi cially the hon. the Treasurer ; but the hon. mem ber had done it in such an infinitesimal manner, that he would not be supported by one of the goldfields members. The Government did not believe in the abolition of the gold 1 export duty, but they said they would make o concession to the gold-fields, and so at the end of 186:2 another reduction of 6d would be msde. He (Mr Verdon) s.oid that wan unsatisfactory. He and his colleagues were prepared to spend I £70,000 less than hon. members oppo i site, and yet to give a reduction of , this duty. He thought hon. members opposite ? should give their reasons for the smailncss of the reduction, and then for the olteratioa in their views. Again, although the hon. tho President of the Board of Land and Works had expressed a. strong opinion upon bounties a3 a means of giving encouragement to industry, the means by which, that encouragement was to be afforded were omitted from the estimates. Ho believed the hon. member had said ' that a few acres of land were to bo given for the encour agement of certain industries, but he thought the estimates were the proper place to see th« provision in. There was nothing in the alteration or imposition of the duties to lead the most mode rate protectionist to suppose that encouragement -vas to be given to native industry. But if the Government professed to give such encouragement, could tlio House be lieve them ? They were a Free Trade Govern- - ment, although the hon. the President of the Board of Land and Works was a decided Pro tectionist, and introduced protection into his Land Bill. Mr DUFFY : The doctrines of the Land Bill are those of Adam Smith. Mr VERDON, in continuation, asked how the House could believe' the Government Bin cere in this matter ? In the mattor of rice, tho hon. member had put on a greater duty, and anticipated receiving the same amount. The hon. member stated that it was desirable to substitute a duty upon rice for the other taxm now paid by the Chinese, but everybody connectcd with the up-country trade,, knew the Chinese were not the largest consumers of rice. (MrO'Shanassy: 'Yea they are.' Laugh ter.) Mr Verdon said he had heard from the gold fields representatives, that there was not a. section of the community more ready to adapt itself to any sort of living than the Chineso. It. would not be the slightest deprivation to the Chinese to do without rice. The quantity now consumed was greatly on the decrease, because the Chinese wore substituting other articles, und even if it were desirable to levy a spccial and class tax upon them, he questioned if the attempt would be successful. On dried fruit, both the late and the present Government proposed to levy a duty of 10s per cwt. The former anticipated receiving £20,000 from this duty, the latter £?22,500— not a remarkable difference. On sheep wash tobacco the present Government anticipated receiving £0000, the late Government £10,000. On malt the present Government expected to rui-se £6503, the late Government £5500. It was a remarkable circumstance that the two estimates should agree so closely. The late Government hid been ejected from office because their esti mates were stated to be unreliable, but now the hon. member who had assisted to turn them out camc down with estimates not only alike as to the amounts to be imposed, but even as to the reriults, IIow could hon. members opposite re concile that to their con*ciences ? (Laughter from the Opposition benches.) It was suggested to him. that that was an impossibility, as they had no consciences, but anyway there the question stood. The last item on the list was the registration fee,, much the same thing as a wharfage rate, though in one respect worse. A wharfage rate was at all events fixed. There was the schedule, and it could he seen how much would be realised, but it could not be told how much would be obtained by the registration fee, The Government said tlut they would regulate the schedule so as to give £.30,000; but was that power to be entrusted to the Governor in Council? The Gsvernment might raise almost any a.aount in that way. The limit fixed was i per cent. ; but, taking tho cases of a ton of gold, worth £5i00, and a thousand of bricks, worth £10, the proposition would be seen tu be an absurdity. The hon. member had objected to a fixed wharf' age rate, but had substituted this ail valorem dui.y, which enabled him to jump up and down *.o any extent. Before the proposition wsu adopted sou, 9 better reasons would have to be given. (Mr Francis : ' Amend it.') Amend it ! He had felt some difficulty in dealing with the qu.-stiou, because no Treasurer could allow his budgot to be pulled to pieces. The proper course was to deal with the whole question, before the House went into committee. It this consideration which led him to bring forward the amendment he would conclude with, lie Uid so in order to vindicate himself with the couiury and his colleagues ; but if his amenduie.:', .vere rejected, he should- cease to offer any opposition, and would assist the hon. member to carry out his scheme as a whole. Tho hon. momwr con cluded by moving the following amendment. : — 1\. ' That, considering our financial rei?aion with Great Britain, in the opinion of this Ilou-e i is inexpedient that the ascertained defijii.ncy of' £120,000 from last year should remain unprovided for. 2\. ' That the increase propospd by the Govrra ment in the cost of the Civil Service, in the pre sent circumstances of the colony, is unnec/s't^.ry. 3\. 'That the vote for roads and bridges i.-; the last that should have suffered reduction. 4\. 'That, in the alterations in and addifious to tho tariff, the relief and encouragement of the mining and other producing iaterests hav; njt been sufficiently regarded.' The House at twenty-five minutes pas,t six o'clock adjourned for refreshment, resuming: again at half- past seven. , Mr O'SHANASSY Btated that he was fir t--. m sorry that an opportunity had been al)ow-.-c hen. members opposite of considering what line of attack they should adopt, though he did ;;;-t be lieve the hon. member for Williams to-, vii would succeed in carrying with him either the opinion of the House or the country. Every novicc ra .iit know that the hon. member intended semuhiiig; more than he had mentioned in his speech. (' Mr Verdon :.No.') Well, then, he Ruppo~edtl,e tion had not the wide significance he had at mat given it, and he would be much easier in iiid ~ ii-id during the discussion than otherwi.se would have been the case. (Laughter.) If the hon. -u3tnl-er in framing his resolution had attemptc-d tc- imi tate the one which ejected him fr.ua (.See, he had done so very clumsily. If the hon. nuimber,. by submitting several and distinct proposi tions hoped to catch tho little lUh. of the Assembly, he might find himself ia, the position that though the fisherm.tr. v,-;is there; the little fiah would not bite. The hen. member said that he was fulfilling a duty, und that if the llouse did not go with him, lie ivoaid oiler no opposition to the details of the Ministeiial scheme. The statement was frank and honorable, a.id was in consonance exactly with that principk- he had endeavored to carry out himself. But the; hon. member had gone a little further. His tone to the Minister of Finance, considering the relative age, and political standing of that geiulemaa. — ('oh, oh!'') — did not contrast favorably with the 8peesh of that. hon. member, who, if hr; hacL failed at all, had done so by excess of courtesy towards his late opponents. The hon. m, ruber for Williamstown had assailed the resolution which ejected the late Ministry from office, and had stated that it was not justified by subsequent events. He would join issue »3 to that point: The first proposition in the resolution was that the statement -of the then Treasurer wa8 unre liable, Mr VERDON : What statement }. ; Mr O'SHANASSY : The financial statement. Mr VERDON read the resolution referred to — ^ 'That this House having duly considered the; estimate of income for 1832 submitted by the Go vernment, is of opinion it is unreliable imd un satisfactory.' Tliat was the estimate for income. * Mr O'SHANASSY said the hon, membra- had submitted four or live financial statements iu the year, the whole of which had. been ;ch.uilenged on the ground of unreliability, and , the climax^ was the resolution. The hon. member had sought to change the policy of the taxation of the colony,, nnd to increase it by an amount of half a million. To do so it was necessary for him to make as great a deficit as he could. (' Uh, oh.') Ac cordingly,. ha said that tho balance he received from his predecessor - would be only £1000. Hon. members who were scanning the matter closely, knew differently ; and were, there-fire, - compelled to arrive at the conclusion, that, the :viiole ' statement was unreliable. They were justified in this, for the Minister of Finance had now stated that the balance was £125.000. (Mr Verdon: 'I have shown that that is not cor- ? ??-? rect.') The IIouBe had been misled by the state ment, but the truth had finally come out, and it had been shown that there was no greot necessity for the increased taxation. The hon. member had ? skipped that portion of the business, and proceeded to compare the. estimated items of income of the l ite and tho'present Government. But whatp»an» could the hon. member raise up 'in that head?' He presumed that the hon. member went to tha Land department, to the Custems, and elsowhere# to ascertain the facts, and exorcised hia judgment upon the statements ho received. And was there any financial skill in that? The Minister of Finance went to the some sources, obtained the same fasts, and the hon. member sought to glory in the fact that their results were alike. He must say, however, en passant, that the hon. member apoko of a difference of £1000 in one item, and £10,000 in others, as if it waa nothing at all, and though the total amounts might approximate to ?within £5000, that did not show that the different items were correct. So much, for the income, but he would like to know also whether t'ne resolution waa not justified by what had since transpired re lative to the expenditure. The hon. member had. stated that' the supplementary estimates would amount to £34,000. (Mr Verdon: 'Which you have since increased.') The hon. member had made a distinct statement, and what was the fact ? That his successor had to corao down to ask for £46,000 more. D;d that prove the reliability of the hon. member's statement ? Certainly, there was a new vote for military expenditure, but after deducting the amount for that there still remained £40.000 which the hon. member had failed to indicate ?was owing. Tne Government had also placed a vote upon the estimates for tho gold-field^ reser voirs, as a sum had been voted the previous year but not expended, and it was desirable that good faith should bo kept. Taking these three items, the supplementary estimates of £34,000 as stated, the additional sum of £46,000 required, and the £45,000 due on account of water supply, the de ficiency promised to be a very serious one. In fact, if they added to it tho £125,000 now ac knowledged to be the amount of the deficit, it proved the truth of the statement he and his fric-nd3 had often made, that the Govern ment would lequirc to make up the Jum of £250,000. The fact, that the balance received from tho previous years had been proved to be £125,000 inetead of £1000 as stated, and that the whole deficiency would have been £245,000 if their policy had been carried out, fully justified the vote which turned the late Government out. He had therefore disposed of that portion of the proposition. (Mr Verdon : ' No.') Hp. was sorry that tho hon. member should show such an amount of soreness. The wound might be recent, but he had not an ticipated such a display. In proceeding further with his subject tlie hon. member had thought himHelf justified, becauBO he had submitted a series of estimates which had never been tested or approved of, in moving a resolu tion, ' that the increase proposed _ by the Government in the cost of the Civil Service in the present circumstances of the colony is unnecessary.' How had the hon. member ar rived at the conclusion that there was an increase and that it was unnecessary? How had he proved that his own estimates were the correct ones ? Had the hon. member said that there was increase in the salaries and wages, that they were in excess of the votes of the previous year, he could have understood him. But what did he do ? Why, he sought to institute a comparison be tween his own estimates, which had been rejected, and those which were then submitted. The hon. member was laboring under a series of mistakes. He had shown that in the supplementary estimates there was a large amount, not stated, though _ due, and he would now point out some very serious omis sions in tho estimates. The hon. member had proposed to strike off a number of police magis trates, and to amalgamate the posts of sheriffs and police magistrates. The Government was advised that there was nothing in law to authorise anything of the kind. Therefore tho proposal was nothing but an attempt to mislead the public as to the amount of the reduction proposed. Than, to take the salaries of those officers. The hon. member had fixed them at £600 per annum, and the maximum sulury of a first class clerk at the same : but was it not a question for the con sideration of the House whether the gentlemen to whom the administration of justice throughout the country was entrusted should not be placed upon a tooting different to that of clerkB ? The Government considered it would not be justified in following the example of gentlemen who had conceived so low an opinion of what was required for the purposes of justice. The salaries of the police magistrates had been raised to £650, — an amount not exces sive, when it was remembered that these gentle men, as goldfields wardens, often had eases in volving property to the amount of £20,000 submitted for their decision. Why, the whole amount of the increase, as it was called, was only £35,000 ; and it was considerably reduced by the it'.ms of the judicial department at once. The late Chief Secretary had granted leave of absence to Sir Redmond Barry — a leave of absence on full pay — but ho had failed to make any provision for a successor. Waa the House to have no voice in the matter ? Or, alter the due administration of justice had for years pa3t required four judges, was the late Government to determine off- hand that there was only to be three? The Govern ment had placed £2500 upon the estimates' for a judge, so that the state of the matter aa regards judicial officers was this: — For a judge there waa an increase of £2600; sheriffs, £4790 ; police magis trates, £8760; Petty sessions, £4120; or a total of £22,100, ouv. of the total increase of £35,000. With regard to the item of petty sessions, it was desirable that clerks of petty session sshould be appointed. The duties of the office were now discharged by policemen, and deputations innum erable had. urged the Government to Bubmit the question to' the House, whether this should be allowed to continue With regard to his own de partment, if ho had -ventured to differ from so illustrious a predecessor it was only to tho tri vial amount of £1759. He could state the items and beliaved that he could justify each one. In the Treasurer's department tho increase was £4200 ; paymaster's being £3000 ; military atores, a new item, £579. and a barrack master £457. When subriiittcd to the House in detail, he be lieved all these votes would be justified, and it would be Been that the propositions of the late Government could not have been carried out without great inconvenience. In the salaries of the Crown Land department there was un increase of £5000, the particulars of which he explained in detail. Then with re gard to the Roads and Bridges department, about which he had heard so much, there was an appa rent increase in the amount of expenditure, but it was only apparent, not real. The amount stated was £8000, but if the Decentralisation Bill passed it would be reduced to £35 above the estimate ol the hon. member, which was framed on the Bame contingency. In the Public Works department there was an increase of £1500; and in the Cus toms department £1965. The items, ho believed, could be justified, but in any case it was for the House to say whether they should be sanctioned. Another item was the disputed point as to ?whether there should be two boats' erews maintained at Queenscliff or not. This question involved the safety of human lives, and lie com mended it to the consideration of the House. Then came tho Post Office and tho Telegraphic department, in which the increase amounted to .£5000 or £6000. He found that the late Govern ment had contemplated paying officers of trust £110 per annum, or two guineas per week, and it . -was a fair question whether that amount should mot be increased. He now came to the Railway department, and found there that there would be a difference in favor of Mr Haines. He main tained that the transference of the cost of the 'Engineer-in-Chief department to the fund for the maintainence and construction of the railways, was perfectly justifiable. Hitherto the cost of surveying the line, reporting upon the works, &c.;, had been borne out of the gpneral revenue, and this had been done to prove to the people in Englund that the colonists were in earnest, and intended a iona fide application of the loan, but still the colony would have been justified in charging these expenses ?upon the loan from tlie first. At the pre sent time they could not be blamed for saving £16,000 for the revenue in this manner, and the complaint about the brcach of faith involved with England, came very singularly from the hon. member opposite him. lie was content and per fectly confident to leave the matter to the House, and the people of England. The difference be tween thp proposed expenditure of the present and the late Government was £35,000, and he believed that the House would find the whole of the amount to be justifiable. There was one point with re gard to the salaries of heads of departments. The Government had found that the salaries for these oflieerH had not been fixed upon any unifoim prii.-ciple. For instance, the 'Under-Secretary, who the previous year had been paid £1000 per annum, had been cut down by the late Government to £950, while the Un tierTrea surer had bren raised from £900 to £950. Upon what principle had this been done ? (Mr Verdon : 'By classification.') Classification was not a principle, but an arrangement. He could under stand the laying down of a distinct principle, but the action of the late Government savoured rather of anger and dissatisfaction ; and he had not hesitated in placing Mr Moore (the UnderSecre tary) upon a proper footing. It waa absurd to expect that the Government was to follow and imitate the follies and errors of their predecessors. The Government had submitted certain reso lutions which it was for tho House to deal with ; but the proposition of the honorable member with regard to the increase must necessarily fall to the ground. He now came to the third resolution, ' That the vote for roads and bridges should be the last that should have suffered reduction.' With regard to this, the Government had made one little dis covery, namely, that there was not so muOh money required for the maintmance of roads as had been supposed. The hon member forsooth, had based an amendment upon this idea, though what the roads and bridges had to do with the settlement of the tariff, must puzzle even a philosopher. He next came to resolution number one, 'That con sidering our financial arrangements with Great Britain, it is, in the opinion of this House, inexpe dient that the ascertained deficiency of £120,000 from last year, should remain unprovided for.' The way the hon. member talked about Great Britain, now that he was on the shady aide of the House, was unaccountable. What con nexion was there between the deficit and the mother country f The hon. member had made the deficit himself. It would always bo called the deficit of the Heales Government. Perhaps the reason the hon. member wished to got rid of it was that it should not keep rising before him like a ghost in punishment of hia sins. Previous Go vernments had always received a balance, but the present Government was told that it should not bring forward new taxation, and that it should work the deficit out. When a prudent man found that ho had been exceeding his income he drew in, and this policy had been successfully pursued with regard to Sir Charles Hotham and the then proposed expenditure of the colony. The Government would not fall into tho error of the hon. member for Williamstown, but was it not more prudent for them to ask for a three or four montlis' trial, to see what could be saved from the expenditure, instead of providing special taxes at first ? If they wsre unsuccessful in obtaining the amount otherwise, there was nothing to prevent a short act being passed to authorise the issue of exchequer bills. However, there need be no such step taken, for the Minister of Finance had shown that there wns a large floating balance in hand, and the English Government was only compelled to resort to tho expedient because it had no such floating balance. A general belief was entertained that the colony was recovering its pristine strength, and as tho first return to aformer degree of prospsrity would more than place the Govern ment right with regard to the deficiency, there was no fear that the amount would (stand in the wayof the colonial credit at home. Nowhecameto the last resolution — ' That in the alterations and additions to the tariff, the relief and encourage ment of the mining and other producing interests have not been sufficiently regarded.' Truly, de lightfully explicit. Some of the producing in terests would stand the screw being laid on heavier rather than have anything taken off. Tho Ministry was asked whether their policy was protectionist or free trade, but what was the hon. member's 5 Was the hon. member free to say now that he. was not so intimately connected with a party ? (Mr Verdon : ' Perfectly free.') Was he a liee trader then ? No ? Was he a protectionist ? Still silent. Mr VERDON had expressed his views plainly upon the proper occasions ; but it was not his business to give the hon. mcmbei information then. Mr O'SHANASSY said the hon. member was neither one thing or the other. The hon. mem ber was doubtlesB a man of great courage. He had been War Minister, and was still a volunteer. Would he say whether he desired a change of Government upon the amendment ? (Mr Verdon : 'No.') Did ,he then desire a change of policy ? (Mr Verdon: 'Yes.') He had before him a tariff twice submitted by the late Government, and twice rejected, because it was neither protectionist nor free trade. Would the hon. member be pre pared to Bubmit that tariff a third time? The lion, member did not want a change of Minis try, for, doubtless, he liked the other side of the House very much. He could sympathise with the hon. member, for he had been very fond of it himself. (Laughter.) But to return to tlie twice rejected tariff, what had the Government substi tuted for it ? Mr VERDON: Why, the same thing. (Laugh ter.) Mr O'SHANASSY did not see the ad valorem duties, the charges on posts and rails, or anv of that sort of thing. The hon. member complained that tho Minister of Finance had stolen a portion of the Bcheme from him. The hon. member said that the Chinese would not eut rico, forgetful of the position he put himself m ; for, by his own tariff he had proposed to tax rice, and must, therefore have been seeking to levy an impost upon the people at large. But were rice, or dried fruits, or sheepwash tobacco, tha sole property of the late Government ? The hon. member had touched very lightly upon the proposed duties upon malt and hops, no doubt foreseeing that by them some degree of protection tonative industry would bo attained. He could not see how the h'on. members could ob ject to the duty upon wine or the increase of the duty upon cigars to five shillings per lb, as both applied to luxuries. (Mr Verdon: 'Nor did I find any fault.') When he recollected how the Victorian tariff had been tried, how no substan tial scheme had ever been been brought forward to set it aside, he could not but regard it as a model tariff. The Government propositions, he contended, would not set aside the policy of tho tariff. It would still possess the main in cidents of a free trade tariff, for it would be easy of collection. The duties would be strictly revenue charges, and they would be distributed equally over all classes of society. The Govern ment could not have done otherwise than sub mit some such (scheme as it had. Ad valorem duties had twice been rejected, and the ?Treasurer could not ask the House to consent to thein a third time. (Mr Verdon: 'But he lias done it.') Neither would any Ministry be justified by public opinion in proposing a free trade policy. 'Upon looking over the list of .mposts, it would be seen very plainly that the Government eould only have amended their proposition by adopting ad valorem duties or taxing minor articles— all the profits of which would have been lost in tho cost of collec tion, besides which tlie tariff would have been deprived of its character of simplicity. The next question he came to was the registration fee pro posed to be charged on goods imported. Honor able members seemed somewhat surprised by the novelty ot that scheme, but when the late Go vernment introduced the wharfage rates, no one in the House then condemned that policy ; both were on the prineipl e thatpersons using the wharves should pay to keep them in repair, a d it was only because the Heales Administration proposed to measure and guage every article that was landed — (cries of 'No, no,' from the Opposition) — that their Bcheme was rejected. The wharfage rate itself was approved of, and therefore he was justified in saying that the registration fee would meet with the approbation of the House. Tho mercantile classes might be oppoEed to the pro position, but the feeling of the country at large, the inland portion of the public at all events — was that wharfage rates should be imposed. Mr Gladstone opposed their imposition in England upon the ground of the cost incurred in the col lection of mercantile statistics. Everybody must acknowledge that an improvement in the mercan tile ktatistics of Victoria, as now collected, was needed, and in order to provide for that, as well as for the improvement and maintenance of the harbors, &c.;, of the eolony, the imposition of such rates would bo fully justified here. The Government did not wish to be bound by any particular rate, they merely desired then to settle the principle. But he ridiculed the idea that the giving the Governor in Council the power to fix the rate within limits, would be placing any inordinate power in the hands of a responsible Ministry. After alluding to the anomalous position the hon. member, Mr Verdon, had placed himself by his state ments with regard to the intended effect of his amendment, Mr O'Shanassy proceeded to state that he was convinced it would have been wrong to have allowed the payment of head money by immigrants to continue. He had assisted in the institution of the tax. himself, but it was upon tlie supposition that the money would be required, as it was in New York and other places, to forward destitute immigrants up tie country, and otherwise make provision for them. This had not been the case, and he regretted that the money should ever have been applied to general revenue purposes. ? With re gard to lhe Chinese, tlie Government did not see the advisability of continuing an act which had proved inoperative, and it was therefore proposed ? to place the Chinese upon the regular footing of paying £1 per annum for a miner's license. At the same time it was thought but right that tha Chinese should be called upon to contribute something more than the ordinary amount of tax ation, and therefore the duty on rice had been proposed The hon. member had expressed his surprise that the Government should have re duced the gold duty. He still held his cpinion, that tho charge was a rent, but if the rent was too high, certainly it ought to be roduced. The pro position for a gradual decrease, waa far more satisfactory than the arrangement of the late Government to take off Is per ounce alone and raise £100,000 by the new taxation. The hon. membor seemed to think that the Government was bound to follow in the track of the late Administration, but the Government would never have taken office if it was not to reverse the policy of the old Mi nistry, by their immigration proposals, the de tails of which he warmly defended, by their mode of submitting the estimates of revenue uuder dis tinct heads, and by their land policy, which was indissolubly connected with their financial ar rangements. He contended that the Government had done this. The people of the country, he believed, were now _ finding out that it was no use to sit still and await the course of events. The Government pro posed to give the colony every _ assistance to recover from its depression by making the land revenue available for emigration purposes, and by this and the other plans he had enumerated, it was hoped that a new era of prosperity would be inaugurated. The Government had stated its policy, and if tho Eouse refused to endorse it, he nsked why it had placed him and his colleagues in their then position, and how was responsible Government to be carried on if every two months there was to be a change of Ministry ? . Mr GRAHAM BERRY thought that the hon. the Chief Secretary had signally failed to answer thea'guments brought forward by the hon. mem ber lor Williamstown ; and wlien they compared the respective tariffs introduced by the present and late Administrations, he thought it would be seen that no case had been made out for a change of Government. He had sketched out in a few figures the differences between the two Treasurers, and he believed that tho country would be of opinion that the change had been for the worse. The Heales Ministry proposed to take off the duties on the necessaries of life, whilst the present Ministry would keep them on. Again, Mr Verdon proposed to liqui date the deficit during the present year, but Mr Hiiines had determined to carry it on to .1863. By a reference to figures, it would bo seen that there was a sum of £300,000 in favor of the Ilealea Government, and all the argument* of the Chief Secretary could not do away with the fact. In the Chief Secretary's department, there was an increase of £2000, but the Government had omitted to mention that this increase was dis tributed amongst thirty-six pentlemen, who ac tually received a salary of £17,000 per annum, or very nearly an average of £5u0 each. In the Attorney- General's office there was a largo in crease, being principally in the salaries of ten magistrates at £650 each, which tho late Government were prepared to abolish. There was nothing in the scheme of . the Ministry to commend it to the House, and by the deficit being earried over to next year, the credit of the country in the eyes of the British merchant and capitalist would be seriously impaired. The scheme of the late Government certainly showed an increase of £167,000, but they reduced the ex port duty on gold and abolished the taxes on the necessaries of life ; in fact the great aim of their policy was to encourage and foster the producing interests of the country. When the merits of the two financial schemes were fully weighed by the people, they would find that the scheme of I the present administration was but a delusion and a snare. In conclusion, ho said that he would i feel it his duty to throw every possible obstacle in the way of the tariff before the IIou3a be coming law. The amendment was then put and negatived. On the original motion being put, namely, ' That the Speaker do leave the chair,' the House di vided with the following result : — Ayes, 34 ; noes, 27 ; majority in favor of the motion, 7 ? The following is the division list : — AYE0. Mr Anderson Mr Hoju Mr Orkney Be ncit Ireland O'Connor Brodribb, K.E. Johnston O'Orady Chapman Levey O'Shanassy Cu-.iliu.iiii Levi lit id Duffy Louder Scrvlco Evans Mackay Smith, A. J. Francis M'M-ihon Smith, W; O. Gitte.-pio M'Cann Snodgrosa Haines M'Donald Tucker Hed'cy Nichotvn ? ? V,ri-»on ? NOES, ,, . . Mr Borry Mr Fraier Mr NbflJ» Broolto Odtiea Owens Casey Grant Kamsay Caibio Gray Kichardson D&vios;, B. CJ. Heaios Sinclair D-ivlea, J. Houston Suiliran Denovan Ivyto Verdon Edwards Macadam Weckes . , Foott JJ-I.e tan Wright 'The House then went into committee of Ways and Means. Mr HAINES said that on tlie present occasion he proposed that the committee should consider the first of the resolutions he had submitted to the House. With, regard to the registration fee, he did not propose to proceed with it at present, but would. ask tho committee to pass a resolution affecting tlie duties on Customs not charged on ce.vtuin articles so far as concerned cigars and wine. He 'would move that the commistee re solve that two shillings a cwt. be levied on rice. With regard to dried fruits, it was not his inten tion to insist upon preserves?, as it was a difficult matter to decide what are really preserves ; and it was fixing a duty which might readily be evaded. Upon dried fruits he proposed a duty of ten shillings per cwt; on sheepwash tobacco threepence per lb, and sixpence a bushel on malt, and twopence per lb on hops. Mr VERDON asked if it had occurred to the hon. member to maintain any provision for the introduction of extract of tobacco, imported for the same purpose as sheepwash tobacco, and in large quantities. He considered it would be necessary to make provision for it if the quantity introduced was sufficient to justify notice. Mr HAINES thought it would legitimately come under the head of oheepwaBh tobacco, as much bo as negrohead, which contained a quan tity of molasses. Mr VERDON said it would be advisable to make a distinction apparent, in order that the custom-house officer might know what to do. Mr HAINES said he was willing, as a precau tion, to act upon the suggestion of the hon. member. Mr GRAY thought that some arrangement would be necessary, as a tax upon the extract of tobacco per lb. would be unequal in its operation. Mr BERRY desired 'o know whether he was in order in moving a direct negative to the reso lution of the Government. The CHAIRMAN pointed out the mode by which to effect that object. Mr BERRY said that the question that was put before the committee was, whether they should for £88,000 alter a tariff of so many years' standing, and for so sir all a sum commence a new system of taxation. He thought if hon. members could see the way to avoid tho difficulty, they would vote with him. He could point for exam ple to the sum of £20,000 paid by the colony hitherto to the troops, and to the ship of war. The colony has supplemented tho. Imperial pay, at a lime when no doubt it was necessary, but that necessity no longer existed, and tho time had come when they' might with advantage assimilate the pay of the troops to that of other colonies, and by that item, alone a saving of one fourth of tlie sum to ebtain which an altera tion of the tariff was desirsd would be effected. With a view of testing the opinion of the com mittee, he would move that the resolution be Btruck out. Mr M'G'ANN said that it would be his duty to vote for t he amendment. He thought there were many other articles that might liave been selected, acting on the principle of protection to native in dustry, and which would have proved more bene ficial ; but it was a step in the right direction. Mr VERDON said he would oppose the amendment, since alter the introduction of a tariff by the Government to which he formerly belonged, ho would be stultifying himself if he voted for the amendment of tho hon. member, lie was alao constrained to oppose him as tho proper time to vote on the views of the hon. member had passed by. It gave him pleasure to vote against the amendment, for the reason that the hon. membor for South Grant (Mr M'Cann) supported it, in order that he might bo' taught a lesson that he could not phacBo his own time to give effect to hl& own opinions, but must act in unison with his party. Mr LOADER said he did not understand why suf h an amendment should emanate from the hon. member for Collingwood, professing as he did protection principles, Protection had never re ceived eo direct, an encouragement as that con templated by tho proposed tariff of the Govern ment, and though it did not go fir enough, yet it was the thin end of the wedge, from which still greater advantages might be expected. Mr VERDON considered that the introduction of a few words would remove any difficulty in de fining what was meant by the word ' preserves.' Mr FRANCIS pointed out that preserves might apply to preserved fish. Mr SERVICE considered that bottled fruits could not be taxed' per cwt. Mr M'LELLAN said that though advocating a free trade policy, he was not disposed to offer nny factious opposition to the propositions of the Government. Mr JOHNSTON declared that lie could not see the consistency of a free trader supporting a protectionist policy. He wished it to bo under stood that the tariff introduced by the Govern ment was not considered by them a protectionist tariff. Mr MOLLISON thought that the proposal to raise a duty from sheepwash tobacco would mili tate against the measure which he had taken in hand, with a view to make it compulsory upon owners of stock to adopt stringent measures for the eradication of scab, and expressed a hope that the duty upon sheepwash tobacco would be removed. Mr VERDON suggested the addition of the words, ' an equivalent charge on all preparations of sheepwash tobacco,' with a view to reach the introduction of the extract of tobacco in any shape. After a few words from Mr O'SHANASSY and other hon. members, Tho amendment of Mr V union was put and car ried. Tlie resolution, as amended, namely — Re- solved, — That tho following duties of Customs shall be charged on the articles next hereinafter mentioned : — £ s. d. Rico, the cwt. ? ? ? 0 2 0 Dried fruits and preserves, the cwt 0 10 0 Sheepwash tibaeco, the lb, or an equivalent charge on all prepara tions of sheepwash tobacco ? 0 0 3 Malt, the bushel ? ? ? 0 0 6 Hops, the lb ? ? ? ? 0 0 2 was put and carried upon division with the fol lowing result: — Ayes, 37; Noes, 11. Mr HAINES moved tlie following resolution, which wa3 carried without a division, namely — That in lieu of the duties of Customs, now charged on tho articles undermentioned, the fol lowing duties of Customs shall be charged : — £ s. d. Wine, per gallon ? 0 3 0 CigaTB, per lb ? 0 5 0 The CHAIRMAN of Committee then reported progress, and obtained leave to ait again tornor row* The remained cf the business was then dis posed of, and the House adjourned at midnight until the following day. 