QOÖSTWf . «Em FABBAMATTA, . r_rB01f Olia 0OBSB8*oïu>*!i,'I'i BBITIBH ASD FOBKION BIBLE SC-COT*. "TSE annual meeting of the Parramatta oranoa o British and Foreign Bi^Ie Society, waa held in 'S*; J \- School-room, Maequarie-streer, on Tuesday evento "9th instant. The room was very well filled. _0. ?Iatform wera the following gentlemen :-His wc he Hi/or, Beve. Tucker, King, Rigg.-aod Kelynack Greenup, and Messrs. tangley, M'Dougall, and The Mayor-was oalled upon to take the ohalr. Th« Mr; Big« opened the meeting by reading a port« ' God's Holy Word, and the Kev. Mr. King engag FITbe* CHAIMIAN then rose and Baid: My Ger friends, I congratulate you on the return of the-am gary of the Parramatta Auxiliary Bible Society, sure this meeting will afford you great pleasu ' bearing the cWim that this society has oa ' feeling, I feel sure that you will hail return of its snniversay, end J jin he ' in thanksgiving to Almighty God, in hearing \- good it bas aohjeved, not only in oar fatherland, bu ia other lauds. There is a near feature ts be bn ' forward this evening, and I feel assured thar it will with your cordial approbation. Let us all cordially f in thia ereat work: (Hear, hear.) Ï The CHAIRMAN then called upon the secretary, the 5 B. L. King, to read the following report : aSFOBI. " Through tho gicd providence of God, the givi .eyery Rood and perfeor gift, tbe Parramatta Bncoh 0 I'Britijb ead Foreign Bible Society has passed thr ? another period of usefulness, siace the subscribers 'last oslled together to receive tbe annual report. Bi ' that period there have been aouiiderable pecuniary enltief, whiob bave, no doubt, affected the annual eariptione, and an unusual demand has been made 1 the sympathies snd liberalityin consequence of (be treas in the cotton minafaoturing distriots ? Bogland. The cry; which ireaahed thia col was cot uttered in vale, a considerable sim raised, 00 a very'short notice, to assist in'Supplying ' daily bread tboBe who were famishing. In comparative freedom of ausb wants, and. in state of national wealth with whiob God bes ende ns, it would, indeed, have-been strsage had- we omitti (ive towards the nu ¿faringe of others. -A people aoki ledging their affection far tba poor of the cou ? whence they came, and giving evidence ot that rali) which bide as bear one another's bnrdeneyeod weep tbem that weep-stich sight it is pleasant to beheld. "Let it, however, be remembered that tbe very istence of the Bible Soelety<ie an acknowledgment of ?till greater and more distressing famine than any w! has afflicted tbe operatives of lancashire. Thei throughout, ,the world, a want of " the.bretd of life immortal souls-which -may be reckoned,- net by 1 dreds or by thousands, but by millions and ten millions, ead literally * perisbiog for lack of kn ledge-' It is not a famine of bread- nar a tl for water, but of bearing, the words of the Lord, knowledge of God our maker, of -silvatioo thro tbe atonement of Jesus Christ, of - the sanctifying po of the Holy Ghost, is at present oat of the rjaoh of ' '; numbers of our fellow-oreatnrea ; the Bibbin whiob thin g B neces iary to salvation are reaorded, is hid "from them ; it is written in obiraoters which they cao read, in languages which they do net understand. " But that knowledge, whiob ia thus bidden from m !. mlllloDS of oar fellow- creatures, ls abundantly -1 seBa:d by ns. G Jd has made us in thia respect to dr ? from others. He has : given as privileges wbioh b 1 been hitherto withheld fr^m them. Ha has '.given '. his word in «rhich ne may -road in cor own tongo i his wonderful works, and, of that all-surDoient plat . salvation whian he had provided for , sinners < thtoi > the work of Immanuel. And if the possesion of pr f legea^ent-ilt) corresponding obligations, it is in this .stance,-the religious knowledge wbloh God has gi . to U81 He hsB given, that we may bestow it upon ethe í he has given as tbe Bible, tba! we ma; give it those v ¿have it not. To carry cut this duty into praotioe,ia ! simple objfot of your society, through the sovere I mercy of God, we possess the Bible, which millions b V not. And if, through infinite grace, we have learnec l^reoogoise the real value of IIB possession, weBbould |-anxious todo ourutmoBt to convey the preoious.bocl pour fellow-men. Í "' Sholl we, whose souls «re Jlghtei Rfc With wladom /rum on high, a^v - 8hall we, to moa benlghtad, I.-'. Thc lamp ol tight deny? [? ' Salvation I Obi Salivation! iii " The Joyful sound prootalm, r>',: '? Till eaoh ramoteat nation f£ . Has learnt MBaaiau's nome.* Eu«t The prlrjolpal reason which bas inflaenoad your ao Emittae in oalling the snbForibers together nt en earl: Bperlod than usual, is, tbat they are of opinion that i time bas arrived when a ebange may be advantageou made in the position of the branch. Hitherto, ali c fund» intended for transmission to England, have pass through the Sydney auxiliary* Bat aa the principal c Jeot of that auxiliary appears to be tbe maintenait Si a large and important depot for bibles for the 00I01 et large, an or jeot wbiob it has saooesafally carried 0 for many year->, the funds at ita disposal do.not always a Skit of an annual free contribution being sentto Ed glan io promote tba circulation of tte Bible in other parts the world. Your committee have therefore thought tb by the establishment of a second auxiliary, comprised this branch and tuon other branches as may be inolim to unite.with it, the principal object of which shall to send as rauch as possible every year es o free conti filtration to the parent society, a step in advance would -1 Kgaioed, and the canee of the Bible Society w ould, on tl fewhole, ba materially promoted. So far from wejtkenic $ the auxiliary already in operation, "the establishment fl*, etcond would, it is honed, be a good effeot, tendit feather to promote unto love snd good works, while :¡ythe Bame time ic wonld help to assimilate the work "»the Bible -Society in this country to that which obtait ' jet home. ' I '.' The auxiliary system, inaugurated more than .fifi Vysara ago, bas both widened the influence of the sooiet \- í and baB been a chief instrument in enabling it, with tl : 'ihelp '.of Divine -Providence, to carry on its Importai -?undertakings with increasing suooess. , %' " In order tba^this important alteration. In the poa tftlgn'of the branolrmay be duly effected, the consent < .the subscribers ia required. Tbe subject will, therefor! .be brought forward in a formal resolution. A remittana »ey then be made direot to the parent society, and tbl v.branob, with tbem who may join it' in this importen anovsment, wilj be willingly reaognired by the oommitte in London as among the auxiliaries of that noble instita tíon whiob God baa been pleased to blessi "Sinoe tbe last meeting of the eubsoribers, held De ~fember.89, there bave been sqld et your depots, fort, . fcitdee and twenty lestement*, in all sixty volunte! ;;for the sam of 410 10?. £it 3s. 3J. han beet i'leeeived.in .subscriptions and donations, while £6 16?.dd has boen paid to the Sydney depot, for books purobaaed '; Including those numbers, the work of the branch up ti v tbe present date, from the time of its revival Io August may thus bo elated £011 IBs. 3d. bas been received ii Subscriptions, donations, and colleotions, at public meet .'bigs, ol which sum ÜUO bsa been remitted to Sydne; BJ free contributions, and £30 more sect to the paren Vseoiety, by a speaial vote pasatid at the annual meeting January lith, 1857, During the same period £113 17s ? di has been paid to the Sydney depot for books, ofwhiot íboobs 007. bibles, 082 testaments, end 10 psalms, in al] ¡901 vole, have been sold for tbo sum of £133 19s. 3d. '.end there now remains in the depots, at Mr. Golledge'e Md" Mr. Takb's, a stock of books, ta the value of £14 . 10.". Sd. Daring the whole period the working expenBS! -of the branch hove amounted to £AJ 18s. 8d. There it »i tiia ;-«°nt time ia the baadB of the treasurer, a bejousc "-»riüt' ni in - >. £;3 1B. 3d; of this sum your cpm. milles f.rur,ai.e lo 'a-- »si.ia^öOasa free contribution to tb« Vertut hü.'.itty, nul laoy also propose to Bend .£10 to thc Sydney anxiltsty to ¿'Mst ia meeiiegthe expenses whiot it has unJr.ittiken, v! printing 300O oopies of a portion ol tbe'B'bl.-i ia the Niñean language. This' is a wotk of ac .estceedi- ;,!v,intorps!ir)gcharacter, bsing a translation OTide by etti JU Christians, revised bj tbe Bev.G, Poets format;;- 7¿srs biroe¿lí a missionary, and oocupied ia re. -vising t^ j translation of the Bible in the langnage ó! I ,:g3amoa. S » In conclusion, your committee would express their . 'ygratitado to Al ir. ig ti ty God for that blessing upon the la. 'hours of the branob, by Which lt has been enabled io , 'tome measure to till the post assigned to it in the Lord's ' /einefird. Fifty-five years have elapsed sinoe tbe work 'Waa.commenced in Parramatta; and Bicoe the first con. 1 sngnment sf bibles sent ,to thia part of the southern ; fctmisphere waa reaeived by the Bev. Samuel Marsden, * eîungoi have taken placo among us' of ; truly wonderful kind. The amill'ecttlement bas grown r_ ráto* seven wealthy colonies, supporting large and I 'btereasing popalations, and the Bible Society has exton * ' :djed its effect« through them all. Sixteen auxiliaries with ^ their varions branches hare already been formed, and this branch, which waa indeed the flrat founded ot all the > Australian branches, though ct different times it was \-- adlowed to remain ia abeyance- ls from th's eveniog to -Y-if^"?'" formed under a new aspect, and as we humbly i ' :trual, with renewed life and vigour. Many of those who \--- vsr'eocoeooocecleJ with it la the earlier stages ef its místense, have gone to their rest, Boon wa msy be _ called to follow them. May it be oura daring the period => ' Oponearthlv Canaan tn b- f---3 S.-tiing tbe Lord, «nd IrowMj b.W.t eeevgfllJoaU" «nc(o«VQBihH( to aeread knowledge of W(» hol» ward, Lai n« wort wolla callao 4»?, rärn»mbt»l,og| thai (o* night cometh, La labour on in airaple dépendance opon 'tba Moat G fer sucoesi, and in ferrent and faithful «applications bia blessings, and may He for bia dear Son's sake >et oar efforts, pardoning oar many ahortcomii M y he tastei the coming of His Kingdom, and gi that the time may speedily anise when the earth si ba foll of the knowledge of the Lord aa the waters cc the sea." Tbe CHAIEMÍN then called npon. the Rev. Mr. Ki cack to move the first résolution, which waa as f.-l!o< -*' That the report now rord bs adopted, and that Parramatta branch be constituted aa auxiliary under name of the Cumberland Auxiliary of tbe British i Foreign Bible Society, and that t're following ba ralea of the Auxiliary : " I. Thia society shill bs designated tba " Camber!, Auxiliary Bible Society." "II. Theobjeotof this eooiety shall be to co-oper with the British Bod Foreign Bible Society in promot the distribution of the Holy Scriptures, without note comment. "III. Bash subscriber of one pound sterling tm ally shall be . member, ao'd-each oeneiao:or of pounds sterling shall be s life member. " IV. The business of the society shall ba condua by a president, a treasurer, ona or more secretar; and a committee (baing members pf the society j, i fire of whom shall form a quorum. " V. One-fourth of the committee, beiog thùse w bave attended least frequently daring the year, shall tire annually, bat be eligible for re-eleotlor. "VI, That every minister of the Gospel of oar Lt SBd Saviour Jesus Christ, who is favourable to tbe n versai diffusion of the Holy Scriptures, as published tbe British and Foreign Bible Society, and who is a me ber ot this auxiliary, shall be entitled to altead and vi at all meetings of tbe committee. " VIL That deposi'ariea be appointed to take char .f tbe bibles and testaments, and to dispose of thi ander the dirdotion of the committee. " VIII. Tbe committee shall meet enos a month I the ¿espato» of Business, at such time and ptaae as tb may find most convenient. " IX, Tba annual meeting of the eooiety shall be he on suob day in the month of September in each year tbe committee may determine, when the acooanta'shi be presented, the proceedinga of the past year reporti and the office bearers and committee sleeted." In moving this reaonlution -the reverend gentlem > brought the importance of the Bible Society, with all ti force that language could command, before tbe meenie He said that the publications of this society' dealt1 wi truth ef tbe highest kind. Tbe Bible contained the ; Ie of tbeitree ; it magnified tbe words mai the works of O Lord Jesus Coriss. It was alto tweet to thick that, tl Bible has gone oat in the wide world, and wherever bas iona, blessing has followed ; it bad" bound op tl lanquiabed and the sowowla', and hod 'been a succoi to those in distress. Tbs Bible showed . mi God's wonderful dealing witb bis creatures, poin'ed the to the Lamb of God, who taketh away the sins of the wor It tells man of a " blessed eternity." Look at a grain' oom, wbiob a o'jlld might orcmple between ita fingers take thia and spread il ia a ifield preparad, and after wbile it springs np toa blade, then to a full grown sta! then tho oom in the ear.; and autumn oomes, and toe tba gatherer alls her lap wi-h ch eaves, and eries '?< Harvest home resounds through the field ; and so it with tbs Bible. Ask tbe oload of witneB'SB who bat lived and died in the seivices of God and lia Christ, an facts will prove that ihe Bible has brought the vilest i man to the knowledge of God and bis Christ ; and whei ever yon go, where the Gospel bas gone bafore you, ye will find tbat His grace has been there. The word i our God shall stand fer ever. Let ns do our part, ac let us do it well, and may tbe spirit of our Minter de oend upon ns, and add that to oar endeavours wbic will conduct us safe home to our God, (Applause.; Br, GniENUP seoonded tbe resolution. Carried, Tbe second resolution wts moved by the Rev. J. I TucKEit, es follows:-"That tbismeeting acknowledge with devout gratitude to Almighty God, the blessing wbic bas hitherto rested, and that for more than half a cen I ur upon the work of the British and Foreign Bible Sooiet; and pledges itself to renewed exertions in its support The reverend gentleman, in moving this resolution, tiri eoDgrotulated the meeting oh the steps tbny had take in oarrying tho first resolution. He Baid that they hr done this evening the same aa Maitland bad done. The also send their free contributions to the parent sooiet; He thought it did Iporsons good to be present in Bible Society, to hear all the good it had dont At home, there were from 12503 to 300O meelings, ten meetings every elsy fot five days in the week; an they were all beneficial. Tba claims of tba Holy Boo were boldly asserted. All felt confidence in the word o of tbeLird, for tbe word of oar Lord -shall stand fo over. ' All the different denominations ralliait.round th standard of truth,, btoanaa they were all one body ii Christ. He knew very well that missionary meetingi were vory well; but they take a more limited view; bu when we take oar stand on tbs Bible platform, and take a roviow of what the Bible bas done for tbe ; good of tbi world, we mast exclaim, with a full heart, and witt bumble thunk* to God, that bis ways are wonder/nl The reverend gentleman then, went on to show thi miiihty work wbiob the British and Foreign Bible Society bad been permitted to aocomplisb, : both at home end abroad. He stated tbat in England there were sole 136,000 copies of the Bible. They had 160 Bible women who had sold in four years 90,001 ooj.i.s; and men who had visited 18,000 vessels, and sold annually 2000 «opios. Then, again, the society presented the Bible in one hundred and ninety-eight different languages and tongues. Sydney had during tbs last seven years sent homo to the parent society tbe sam of,£23CO. And in all frcm the Australian colonies,-during the same period, the sam of £7088 bad been sent home, He also stated tbat tbe society was going to distribute ten thousand copies among the day and Sabbath schools, ao'd he thought it was tbe duty and the delight of every Christian to support so noble an institution. (Applause.; W. WOOES, Esq., seoonded tbe resolution. ' Carried. Ber. B. L. KINO moved the third resolution-" Tbat the thanks of this moating be presented to tbe committee, collectors, and the depositaries, for their efforts' on be- half of tho scciety daring lbs psst yeorj and that the fol- lowing be. tba offioere*or the society for the ensuing year President, the Lord -Bishop of Sydney. Treaiurer, ; Mr. Bare ..Secretary, Bev. B. L. King. Committee, Mesare, James Byrne", Barge, Colledge, Goold, Greenap, Harper, Peas, Miller, Jones, Pu'obase, Statham, and Take, together with ell ministers of tho Gospel being members of the society." .. W. BYRNE », MX.C, seconded the. > resolution. Carried. A collection was then made, wbiott amounted to £6 8s. ..- . t- K- i - . '> The meeting then closed with singing end prayer. PABIUMATM. âKuaii RACES.-A meeting was held on Monday evening last, at Mr. N. Payten'»,- White Horse Hotel, for the purpose of makins; arrangements' for the intended races. Tbe meeting was adjourned until Moo. day next, to choose officers and committee, it being re.. solved, that the races should, take ptaea on the 30th and 31st bf December, and tbs 1st. of January, 1882. A preliminary notioe ot the -same,'and of the principal races, will be inserted in the newspapers. 