'? ' A »MEDIUM" IN 177».' ' Belog "on sntbcntio, candid, and olrcums'antiol tarra ttvo of the astounding iransaotlona'at Stookwell, in ttie County of Surray, on the Otb and 7th dnys ot * January, 1778, Containing a serios of the rnoBt aar. prising and unaooqantable events that ever happened ; ? 1 whioh continued, from first to last; upwards of twonty hours, and at different plooes, published with thc consent of tho family, and other partios aoncorned."* Coes any one remember the Stookwull Ghost f The world * was less aolontlflo and moro gullible, perhaps, ninety years ago, that it ls at present ; but. yet aortain "surprising: and auaoooantablo evontb"- wbioh it records in those days soem n > suggestive of StoohweU redivivas that ! have hunted up tho story j from pages damp, good reader, not with the delightful dnmpnoss of your unout serial, but with tho damp of years,-all covered with yellow blotches. Tho " I'Sjtonishing transaations" were as follows : : On Twelfth-Day, 1779, a ortalu M TB. Golding was in tho pntloar of bor bouRe at Stockwell when Bbe heard a noise of falling CIBBB and ahina in the kitchen, and lier maid, who had been in her servioa but a few diys, aams to tell ber that the eton o platos woro falling from thu Bhelf. - Mrs. Golding wont oat, and immediately noises began lo be heard all over the house ; a dook foll down and was Bbattered, a lantern tumble ! from tho atairaaso and smashed it>eU, and an earthen pan started in picaos, and its contents wore soattored about tho floor. The nolso attraolad several persons to the spot, ono of whom, a ear Eenter, gavo in hu opinion that tho foundations of the ouse wore giving way. Mm. Golding ran into o neigh* bout's house and fainted. When she came lo hersoU, 'being Billi weak and faint, a surgeon was dc. sired to bleed her, whloh he did-ratbor a quos, tio'iablo remedy for weakness-and the blood, in ai oongoalod state, sprang from Ibo basin to the floor, tho b»Bin breaking to plecas. A bottle of rum, at the asma time, make shipwreck of itBolf. In the mean limeMho'fayBtanderB, for fear of the catastrophe foretold by tho-carpenter, wero busily engaged in removing Mra. Goldings effcolB to tho houso in whloh abe heraolf bad , * Tltloof an calavo Iraot," printed for J. Marks, bookaollar, lnBt.,Marlln s Lauo,l77»". . | toten refaga, It ?ooñjeo.me.évident,'however aime agent, more trivet rlous end horiible than a «¿i5 ing fonnd»tion, waa at work, A pier-glasa inn, v i Itaelffrom tho atma of a man wbo otrritd it andr if amashing ? itself, lt waa . pushed under a tide bo i' »nd immediately 'a aeene of deatrustiou "h.. above- if.. Qlaaaes, jars, oups, and hatti danoed : over eaob - other end into »eb other . a fuiioua manner, many of them springing to tbs ","" '5 in fragments., Seme one being asked to take a ala» .r wine tr BpiritB, both the indiouted bottles fltw in nt» before Iheyoould be tonohed. Mro. Goldings aurari atad fear beoame intoleiablo. Seeing that wbereycrah and her maid wont, these strange, destructiva einem stances followed them, it could not be expected that tho neigh'icura would roceive such certain loss into lh.ii. bonnes; and what waa to bsoome of berf It ig (ober marked that though the aervant of 'the unhappy Jad» JÎ! tho only person :who expressed no terror, yet she vu constantly walking about,, and con Id not be persuaded lo sit still.' . Mrs. Golding next took refuge in the boase ot her nuioe, a Mrs. Pain; sending ber own eervant baot! to aaa »hut went on at the house which was not fallin» Daring tho absenoe of the servant-Ann Robinson-ali waa quiet, but soon ofter ber return lo her ? mistressia fresh scene began. First a whole row of pewter nlataa foll from a shelf to the floor, rolled aboat a little woila then settled, and as Boon BS they were quiet tamed' over. Being replaced,1 they repeated ; the perfórnuuea ofter willoh a seoond row perpetrated tba same tt£ An egg, whiob stood on one of tho ebelves, flew elf Burnes tbe kitchen, struck a oat on .ila fecit! and' then broke to plooss. A pealla ind mortar next jumped from the high ohimncy.pieoe fol lowed by tho oandleutioks and all the "brasses" tm nothing remained ? on the shelf. Urs. Pain. and ber Borvant then put tbe - glasses, and china on tbs fl00r thinking to savo something ; but the epirila lacghtdat suoh a preoontion, and 0 tumbler immediately jumped np about two feet, and was broken. . Another followed the example; then a china bowl, and a tumbler, «llb rum and water in it, jumped about ten feet, sod wu shuttered. Next a mastard pot flew oat of a closet ia Íileoos, and a. Bimpleonp.tb.it had been Jeft on the tabla amped np, flew coros» tho 'tilcha, ranging like a bell and dashed itself to pieces against tho dresser. Then the tablo itself bogan to danae. It did not OM its olawB after the faBbion of quadrupeds, 11 some 'tableB do in theae day a to climb upon sofas, icu._ perhaps it had no claws-bat it pat itself into landry unnatural positions befare it oould be ladaaed to lia quiet. Aham then relied itself from its hook, sod fell tothe ground.' Some time afterwards another one per. formed the same feat, and a flitoh of btoon brought up tba rear. ' 'Several bf Mr». Pain's family were reduced to snob a etate of terror that the; eonld not stay in tho house ; bnt Mrs. Golding's Bsrvant, Ann Bobloson, waa perfectly oomposod, and continued walking ? baokwardi and forwards in ' a v ghostly ' manner^.; entreat« lag her mistress - . not to be alarmad, as these things could not bo helped. Thia cttrioas way ol viewing the matter, added to the faot that »ben« ever Ann Bobertson was : absent . tbs ninifeslitioaa ceased, oaused ber to be looked upon with mingled dread «nd suspicion ; but, sin'oa abe waa never teen'near any of th« fallen objecta, it waaovidont that if abe bsd any. thin« to do with the transactions, her power mast bs supomatur.il. Tho, noises; and destruction, however, continued it intervals 'during the night, till there wai.not more tb'nn a ? cup and sanaer or ' two remaining to the unfortunate Air's. Pain. ' About five ' o'clock ia the morning, Mrs. Golding: deolarod . that shs oould remain, in that house no longer, and went over, desired her -maid tb* follow, to the boase of 1 Ur, Fowler. . ¡ . i , As usual, nothing happened there until the appeir* nooe of Ann Robinson, on which, however,.the note. aountal lj dioturbnnoea began again ; and tho maid, going privately, to Mr. Fowler, wained bim not to let bet mit tress romain there, aa wberevor abe wa», the sama things would fallow. Mr. Fowler, then, fearing greater loss, rcquesled Mrs. Golding to leave his house; fint begging her to consider whother sba bad not beoo (¡Dilly ol some atrcoioua crime, for whiob Providence wis de* terinincd to purène ber on this Bide the gravo. Mrs. Golding -replied that ber conscience was clear, and <-ho would not stay Un his, ' or ' any other person's bCnee, any longer, but wanld go back to her own. Mr, Paid went with her; Ann^Robinson, of ocurso, being cm of tho party. As Boon as they arrived, a pail of watet began to boil, like a' pot on tbe fire; u box of oandlM .fell down from a fibdf, and a table bogan to mon, and foll ' down. Mr.' < Pain then : sent AUB Robinson -for- bis -' wifo";' ' doting ' ber 1 obsceee nothing' happened, and en ber return sbe wu immediately dieobarged. .'And there ended Ide disturbances. Some few, pertinacious and ' dlssgneibls persons, veututod to suggest that Ann Robimoa rnithk be ohio to explain tho iiff iir in a natural mi>untr| bnt they wera hissed down, - 'If shs hod anytniDg to dot with it, then she must have had meaus at ber command of wbieb ordinary ram tole know nothiog. - It was decidid that tho animation of inauimatoaraobery, fnrnituro, ki,, could not possibly have beou ufTeoted by bucnan moans. . For the satisfaction of such, for iustauoe, ai the .narrative' probably', and eneeticgly alindes to ai being "so ready to'discover nutbrul aaases for every, thing," it moy bo 'added that some years af er lbs mo nishiug traupBOtions, " and. when Ibo Stookwell Oboit hod bogun 10 fade and ba no more beard of, this ami Ann Kohinson mude a private confession to u gontlemin oapal le of enjoying a' practice! joko even when ilbordeted -'.ni this certainly did -on1 downright wickcdntu Sho put long horsebaira to some of .the crockery, ind wires under others; on pulling or touobing these of course tho moveables foll. When she'uaw tbo efleel of her first feBts she was templod lo exorcise her 'dexterity beyond the qiigiual purpose for mere r mûrement. Sa» looientd the hame and baoón, Bttaobiug them by tbe skina, whioh soon gavo way; and sho threw a obtain! powdur into the pail of water-aa ebo psBsod, after whiah it bubbled. She managed to throw down several arliolea with her own hands, and when tho victims turned ind saw them broken or in motion, they attributed it lo an unseen agency. In short, tho.only magio wai IM. dexterity of the supposed wi lob, and (a very larg» foti lure iu tba OSBBJ tho alarm ol the spectator", wac« terror ot the time, and- their conversations sit«, wards, magnified many of the circamslauota and In vented albon', and wno wera too full of their own dread of supernatural agenoy to be capable of eximlnlnj anything, or even of a moderate degieo of observation. -Once a IF eek. ? ? 