THE In . him 7 (From the Load >n Corr spondent of the Liverpool Albion The late Mr. !<G*h, many years American Ambassador in London and Paris has an interesting description of Hagley, the Worcestershire seat of the Lyttleton family, in his posthumous memoirs, issue last year in Philadelphia. The description is a sort of companion portrait to that of the much better known one of the Christmas visit to Duke of Norfolk at Holkham-' hall, wh ch appeared in " Rush's The silence in London several years previously. The picture of the 'Hagley " interior" is a tinted for the premises wife who was on the other side of the Atlantic at the time, and anxi us, as all ladies so situ- i te are, to know everything about taste, Shakspear e, and the musical- glasses as cultivated among the British C >rinthians, or Corinthian Britishers. Hash, remarks, on entering Hagley hal), that it is not as large as Wanslea t House. Essex, the then just recently dismantled home of the note Hous Tyley L mg Pole Wellesley Pole, (late Lord Mornington.) and who had established the Irish origin of his blood by the long enactment of the Hibernian exploit of living at £70,000 per annum out of an income of £60,000. The um 'assador favors his absent better half with a dissertation on the difference in in inner among the English aristocracy ; saying that some exhibit a reserve little encouraging to strangers while others greet you cordially, ' like the best of our American went tlemen ;' and as such was the then Lord Lyttleton ; -a compliment which the present lord, his son, will doubt less appreciate with filial vividness at the present moment. Bush was not long in making the acquaintance with the lion of Hagley hall and although the lion boa dead one, it belies the proverb about defunct animals of that species being of in fear i r attractiveness to certain live ones of a species in whom the ear is the most prominent feature of the physiognomy. in the principal saloon hand, and still hangs a full length likeness of the unspiritual hero of the apparition legend, to wit the witty and wicked second Lord Lyttelton, ofwiiomBush.repeating the narrative of previous chroniclers, say, that he was a prodigy in his day, an accomplished writer and scholar, though not author of those Iel team published under his name, one of which dated the morning after his father's death, became " I awoke, and behold I was a I lord;" and another of which contained a horrid description of an evil spirit, as if the writer's brain had been on fire by dreaming of a legion of devils. The Americans did'nt know then, nor was it ever Smith, by affirmed till after Bush's death, that Lyttleton was one of the re- puted authors of JUIUIIH ; a theory enforced with great ability by an eminent Quarterly reviewer, in a decidedly anti-French " slashing article some half-dozen years ago. Lyttleton could do almost anything, quoth Bush; but how he found time for one-half of what he did, much perplexes the pensive Pennsylvania penman, who recounts " Now comes the reverse of the medal, as Sully Bays of Severin in his memoirs. He, too, was a libertine of the first order and though not dying precisely like Severin, with the glass in his hand, cursing and denying God, died prematurely, at thirty, worn out by his excesses. A female figure like a ghost (query', a ghost like a female figure P) predicted his death to him at a fixed time. When the night arrived, he was from home with a party of his friends, at supper, in high revelry. They determined to cheat the said ghost by putting back the book; but he died at the time appointed. The traditions of H Wigley abound in anecdotes of him. His remains lie entombed in the romantic little Hagley church within the park, where also repose the ashes of that pattern of a woman and wife, as handed down by the morning music of the first Lord Lyttleton, in a moody become classic in English port try. A beautiful monument to her memory, erected by her husband, is seen in this church, neverthe- less they do say, h ) married again soon afterwards ; freaks of that nature sometimes coming over men in spite of their woe. Probably you may have heard of such things before, as our friend the Saxon minister in London, used to say in that droll way he had. It must have been a very droll way indeed if much smaller than that of this dry old diplo in the wag, who thus pokes actuarial piquancy at his rib becoming a hypothetical relict, title lating her with thought of his dust, Yet were there suffer and of evening passages between the pair too, one being this " New a precious little morceau for you. On one of the evenings Miss Lyttleton as if she had seen into my heart, struck upon her harp the dirge to Lo this XVX after he had been beheaded. Don't you remem- ber when Bee, of South Carolina, Used to play; it for us on the piano, at Mrs. Boardley's in' Philadelphia, in days of yore P You have pro,, bibly not heard it since. It took me by surprise. You cannot imagine the memories it awakened. Night after night, as long as I said, I called for it i and never shall I hear it again without the king of the harp of Hagley" Truly here be phenomena political,, physiological psychological and tolderollogioal, with; a vengeance. A new world republican smitten fearful though of the decapitation of the last, of the old world crowned socialities ; take' Ame j noon spread eagle cooinguxoripusj turtleambica across the chasm of three thousand, analyses, ocean and thirty years' of hymeneal padlock! ! Certainly such a souvenir of the constitutional chivalry of the south, cropping up at Uria passing visit-" England's 'the ni'V^piíoue.Mt ;mmv^m^i^%/',(ís^a¡BHB to stop now of incré^(Íh^rwM in'3íj,Ïshouiathink fh'«t:he'r-n¿rídikncwa»'á* gbo'd-vay.off.' It may; Véhatth¥£^lefóurs^faminir^ithWáteBjiiui mansions, which wealth and art he veteran Jem; belching throughout ages. but when their permanent owners go on to cultivate and adorns are less awake than strangers to the beauties of their own Hagley. At any rate they show good sense in not talking of them, others perceiving them none the less; Lodge ownership takes away breast. Those it has been said, shaded by the allege .i-L.iii._t-.l.^ 'U-S as II." j. that it may be remembered, Eoscoesque , Liverpool, so' ' ehcoariastically Geoffrey Crayonized, it ought to be remembered, that the famous Washington Irving's article on Rural Life in the Sketch B oW, though tthe<result of general impressions received in various excursions about E.ngland, was written in the vicinity of Hagley, just after the author had been rambling about its grounds, and while its beautiful scenery and that of its neighbourhood was fresh in Irv ng's recollec- tion. It is not easy to close Bush's record of this Hagley visit, [the then Lady Lyttelton had superintended the education of Princess Victoria, who had become Queen only a few months before the period the American is writing] without quoting a passage concerning a personage whose praise is now in everybody a mouth, though some of his present praegyrists were then rather solicitous for the Tower Hill possession f his head, because of the Poles, The Vixen Cabool, and a few other jocularrenormi ties of this hecatombicaliy homicidal cp on. Repeating an anecdote related at Hagley, by Lora Bagot, formerly British Minister in the State's, Bush reports to his wife-" It will make my letter little longer, and b sings up Lord Palmerston, now [37] Foreign Secretary hero, and growing in, fame. He was then Secretary at War,, which was not a Cabinet post at that day.' An attempt had been made to assassinate him by a dismissed army lieutenant (died in St. Luke's, this year. 1862) and the event was talked of at table. He was wounded, but sufficient time had not elapsed for it to be known if the wound (a scratch 1) would prove mortal. Where- upon one of the company, you know who the reader is not let into the ' matrimonial speet), gravely avowed his readiness, should Palmerston die, and the assassin escape hanging on the plea of insanity, to hang up one of his relatives in his tit ad. The idea was playfully handled, but received no quarter, not withstand ing that the gentle ma ? who started it was full of precedents from French history to help it along i." And a very Paccifioo mode of'" administering justice too. WHO can the propounder of so exemplary an axiom as this vicarial punishment have been? Could it be Croker, whom study of the guillotine annals may have affected with a taste for, that kind of comPrehensive and conannguinous chastisement P Mayh-pit was the harans scarum Lord of the neighboring Hinsley. the eccantrioEarlD idle, and who. HE a Canningite, ! would naturally regard the Viscount, who had not then become for a Juvenile Whig, with considerable, or inconsiderate, cordials by and would'nt much mind embodying his connections in the fashion aforesaid, or in any other more outre of extravagant if any such there be The Nazi, as is well known, though a man of an originally astute ra 'Sculioe intellect, highly cultivated by the long. study had many hallucinations, but amongst them was not one which some people would perhaps deem the most prom ment and Preposterous of any. He used to say to his biographer, the Bishop of Llandaff, and the learned churchman didn't seem to be much of a dissenter from the doctrine, that in his opinion, the greater proof of popular folly was the perusal of modern publications while the old writers were spread How any reasonable or pseudo reasoning man could gobble the mindless word spinning of what is called civilization, was demeutednesa demonstrated to Dudley and no doubt the contemplation of the tully helped to derange him in the long run. Had he lived till now, in this Milner Gibson millennium of typographic foolscap, he would in, half of the time have gone as mad as a March hare, for he would consider all the year round made up of 365 Firsts of April, and two firsts on the additional day for leap year. No body now seems ever to read anything as old as the day before yesterday and the first thought of any body who reads anything to-day is, how he can most speedily make a tabula rasa of his mind, so as to ensure it? being as a blank, a wheel of white paper or, rather let us say whitey-brown for to-morrow's impression of whatever may turn up and its head or tail, which that, what may be. But are there not endless new editions of the intellectual great of old and what becomes of them ? Delegated to Charles Lamb's category of " works which no gentleman's library should be without, and which no gentleman ever dreams of looking at.'' 