THE PUBLIC LIBRARY. MUSEUM OF ART. A small but beautiful collection of works of art, latoly purchased by tho trustees for tlio Museum of .Art, was opened nt tho Public Library, and exhibited by Mr. Tulk, tlio librarian, on Saturday last. Tlioy consistod cliiofiy, but not entirely, of prints and photo graphs, bought in Germany, of which a list will bo found farther on. Tho oxceptions were a vaso and drinking glass, of German manufacture, hut bought of tho South Kensington Museum, not calling for any particular remark. A spoon, fork, and knife, of glass and gold apparently, very unique and claborato in pattern, and strikingly illustralivo of tho stato of perfection to which combinations of glass and motal can bo brought. Aliugo Venetian knocker, eminently suggestive of tho Gog or Magog hand re quired to lift it, and of the s'zo of tho door or gato to which it would havo to be affixed. Tlio padlock on tho "coal-hole" at Parliament- house is not to bo mentioned on tho Bemo day with it. In form or workmanship, how ever, it did not strike us as boing at all ex- troordinaiy. A book, or ratlier a caso for photographs, which would bo quito a treasure to any ono having a largo number of storeo. soopic|viows, which ho wished to koop in a high stato of prcsorvatiou. A Japan Romanco, very neatly printed in German and Japancso, and ordered to ho published by tho Empress of Austria, and n fow other thingB of more or less interest, but which must bo passed over, in order that wo may get at tho general col lection. , juuaij UlUiU IS liiu A'iWiU AUOlliUUUI llUJj 111. six volnmos folio;' a splendid workj wliich is, wo believe, a gift from tlio Society of Munich to tlio Museum of Arts, and tlio Lord's Prayor iu all languages, in one largo folio volume, very beautifully executed, and also a gift, wo bo- lieve, but from whom wo did not learn. Next, there is a Roissuno collection of prints, amounting to upwards of ono hundred in number, and ombraeing a large variety of scriptural subjeots by different masters, although all of tlio samo Bcliool. With these, wo can do no moro than givo a comploto list, which wo do bolow. But what struck us moBt was a collection of coloured prints, small in number, but largo in their dimensions, and executed by a now process, the effect, of which is in tho highest dogreo pleasing. But it is to tho subjeots of theso prints, rather than to tho execution, that wo wish to call attention,, although tho latter cannot fail to be admired:- Ono of thoso coloured prints is St. -Paul and" St. Mark, St. John and St. Peter, by Albert Duror, exquisitely done, and another — Our Lord bearing tho oross, by Molim, a much moro elnborato work, and olio in which tho colouring is Bhowu to greater advantage. But what will moat strike, if it does not Bliock tho visitor, — if ho follows tho order observed by us in examining this collection, — wilP bo to find that lio iiob " God tho Father" in his hands, by Van Eyck, or Van Dor Goes, beau tifully drawn, nnd gorgeously coloured, but; in other respects, with nothing moro remark- ablo about it than is to bo soen almost any doy in a great many of tho picture shops or photographic colleotions in Bourko streot or -Collins street. We speak not now of this as a work of srt, hut only as c matter of lasto. And whilst making evory allowance for violations of this in a country, whore it its or was, at all events, not long since, as common to soo " The Voice of God by Mr. Schwartz ' in a play bill, aa it was to soo any of tho moBt trifling frivolities announced, wo Bhall at least claim for otliors, what wo cannot but urge for ourselves,' tlio right of private judgraont as to the oxpedieney of multi plying pictures, calculated to produco a feeling, of unholy familiarity towards that Being who fills immensity with his pre sence,— and wliioli are as abhorrent to common sense, as they are to evory dictate of natural and revealed religion. We aro neither icono- clasts, in tlio fullest sonso of that term, nor yet bigots in art. But there' aro somo subjects, with which art should not meddle, rod this we regard as among tlio number. For noxt to pictorial representations of " tbo Holy Trinity," with three faces on ono head, wo uoycr ' ro- mombor to havo' soon anything more.' mon strously shocking than tho present one. And wo must confess that that feeling is not at all abated in us by a consideration of tho fact that (his is a copy of ono of tho pictures of an artist of Van Eyck's reputation. The photographio views of Munich are not such as to inspire us with any very exalted notions of tho architectural beauty of that city, but tho Altar of tho Munich Cathedral is a. splendid work. Reliquoi of tho Cathedral at Gratz in one large folio volume, the Chapel of Burgundy, and Romo Siibtorranca, are oib'o woll worth looking at, and will repay an inspec tion. ' Wo subjoin tho list of theso additions to tlio Museum of Art, — which have boon purchased, wo understand, not with hook-monoy, but with funds sot apart for' tho museum, — with tho oarnost hopo that it may booh ho followod by- others still more valuable. SUNDBIEa. Vonetian knocker ; vase and drinking glass ; spoon, fork, and knifo, glass and metal ; Romo folio ; Lord's Prayor in all languages, 1 vol j book for photographs j Japan llomanoo ; Holy Family, of Titian, 6 platos, 1 vol, folio ; Reliqum of tho Cathedral at Gratz, 1 vol, folio ; photographic views .of Munich ; catalogue of Pinakotliek : catalogue of Glypto- thek s book, Chapel of Burgundy.- boissue53 coieectioit. St. Agnes; Sr. Christina ; Sts. James, Matthew, and Andrew ; St. Stephen ; Betroth- ment of tlio Virgin Mary ; St. Anthony, the hermit; St. Jamc9 tho Elder; Charles of Bourbon, Bishop of Lyons ; Tbo Threo Kings, Adoration ; St. Matliias and St. Bernard ; St. John tho Evangelist; Our Lord's Presentation in tho Tomplo ; St. Bartholomew, St. Simon Zelotcs ; Tho Sorrowing Mother ; Tho Birth of Christ, by Howling ; Sts. Matthew and James tho Yonngor ; Sts. Bonediot and Phil lip; Descent of tlio Holy "Ghost; Sts. Magda len, Conrad and Antony ; Sts. Catherine, Hubcrtus, and Quizzuiert, by William of Cologno ; Our Lord as Abraham of tlio Cross ; St. Goreon, St. Hipolytiis ; Tho Arohnngol Michael ; Maria with the Child ; Our Lord in tho Garden of Olives ; Flight into Egypt ; St. Christopher ; The Annunciation ; St. Maurice ; St. John the Evangelist and his Disciples; Our Lord and tho Magdalen in tho Gordon ; St. Luko and tho Virgin Mary ; Virgin Mury Anna and our Lord as Infants ; Our Lord after tlio Rosurrcotion ; Sts. John, Matthew, and Fetor; Sts. Bartholomew, Thomas, John the Baptist ; Virgin Mary Anna and our Lord as Infants ; Virgin Mary (Dorothea and St. Cathorino; Bishop Jewatius ; Pioturo of John of Oarondolot, Archbishop of Palermo, Chan cellor of Flanders ; Portrait of a Learuod Colonoso ; Tho Rest in Egypt ; Coronation of tlio Virgin Mary ; Head otour Lord, by How ling; St. Catherine ; St. John tho Evangelist; Portrait of a Woman ; Tlio lleat in Egypt ; Preoching of St. Norbort; St. Simon and Lazarus ; St. Joseph nnd Joachim ; Sis. Paul, Simon, and Phillip ; Our Lord in tlio Garden of Olives ; Tho Cruci fixion ; St. John tlio Evangelist; St. Heniy St. Helena ; The Galhoring of tlio Manno; The St. Cathorino ; St. Barbara ; Tho Adoration oi tlio Threo Kings ; Sr. Bartholomew, St. John, and St. John tlio Baptist ,- St. Barbara ; The Annunciation ; Our Lord as Abraham on tlio Cross ; Tho Virgin Mary, St. John, nnd Woinon Woeping ; St. John tho Baptist ; Tlio Bearing of tho Cross ; Tlio Beheading of St. Mauritius ; St. John tlio Evangelist and St. Margaret ; St. Margaret ; St. James tlio younger and St. Kathorino ; St. Agnes, St. Bartholomew, and St. Cecilia: Portrait of tlio Emperor Maxi milian the First ; St. Henry ; St. Helana ; Tho Dying Virgin Mary ; St. Ewold ; Death of St. Ewald : St. Voronicn ; Portrait of Hallor ol N uremburg; The Holy Famil v ; Tho Entrance of tho Virgin into the Tomplo ; Tlio Annunciation; Tlio Adoration of tho Threo Kings; Tho Cruci fixion ; Tho Temptation of Our Lord ; Tlio Annunciation, — Van dor Goes ; Tho Adoration of tho Thrro Kings ; Portrait by himself, by Mulsm ; Our Lord as Abraham on tlio Oross ; St. Bernard ; St. Hioronymus ; St. Burbara ; Burial ofOui-Lord; Abraham and Mclcliisedek; Our Lord Bearing his Cross; Tho Ascent of tho Virgin Mury ; St. Goorgo and St. Mcatius ; St. 0liri9tina and St. Gudula ; The Birth of Our Lord ; Tlio Adoration of Tho Three Kings ; Tho Holy Family, Anna and Mary, and rela. tives ; Tho Circumcision ; Tho Salutation ; St. Barbara, Christina, and -Magdalene ; St. Bar bara ; Portrait of Gcorgo Weiss ; Virgin Mary nnd Child ; St. Cathorino ; St. Elizaboth ; St. Gatlierino'nnd tlio Foundress ; St. Hugo of tho Carthusians ; Tlio Adoration of tho Threo Kings. coloured drawings on feints. Altar of tlio Munich Cathodral ; St. Catho rino. Hubert, and Guorin ; Our Lord bearing : tho Cros3 ; God tlio Father ; St. Paul, St. Mark, St.:Jolin, and St. Poter. 