BYE HUNT WINS THE MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir, Several members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, and a few of their sporting acquaintances, were treated by our master yesterday morning to a bye-day after the long tailed 'rub, in compliment to Mr. Spiers, who has proved himself a most useful and plucky member since joining our hunting club, and is on the point of leaving us to-day on a trip to the ould country." The meet was at the fat ourite Oakleigh Stcoplca, at Sunrise, the war miners of the weather necessitating an early aroiiBing," ere the sun bad conjointly destroyed both dow and scent. The worthy Boniface of the hostelry, who whilom bid distinguished himself by providing most appetising breakfasts for those who armed half asleep at his quarters, was rather taken aback at the Bud- den demand on his larder, and could not furnish the customary "saddle for his mounted customers , but he did his best, nor were his guests " nasty particular," with the exhilarating joy of the chase so close at hand About forty horsemen, many with tip-top cattle, jumped on their nags at the mind of the merry horn, and followed Mr. Watson to usual trysting ground Soon after being thrown into water the hounds picked up a tolerably rain scent, and, cheered on by the master, but few minutes elapsed before a flying doe and her joey \uroiiowcd away. The infant flour having been cut off by the well known huntsman of the "couple path,' a small spur of some four miles was enjoyed after the "body mother, The country being easy, though not without occasional fences Suddenly, however, the trail was lost, and cast actor cast proved but waste of time. The pick were then it rolled away to another covert, and quickly after being "parked in" such notes of warning were heard as proved that game Was there or thereabouts. Carefully wash the scent picked up by the truest hounds, and patiently did the entire pack work in concert, until, with a grand crash of music, an "old man," some seven feet high, was stirred from his lair, and robbed away at a rattling raw Through heath and scrub, over logs and rails, he led the way, until Tootle's staggering the feet potato rather loomed large aiVnU. The mister whip and a game professional surmounted the difficulty, but the rest of (ho held thought " discretion," A.C The hounds, meantime, sailed for in advance, and after being reached had to be called off, for the cunning old packs of the kangaroos kept disturbing every done he could find, and thus perpetually making his canine pursuers run wild. Though no kill can be recorded, the fun was capital and the pick promise well for the close approaching season that our friend Spiers may be amongst us again before its close, is the wish of many besides NIMROD's GHOST. 