THEATRICALS, & o. ROYAL VICl'OUIA' THEATRE, . . BAKHY SULLIVAN.-During .the week lili«' .highly finished actor has appeared iii.three of Shukrspear"» most arduous character*-" Richard tila Third," " Ham- let," and " ISouedick," the very uomes (so td speak) of creation ; which from tile graiidour of the creations luces sarily require moro than au ordinary mind to cope with- al ; and no do most freely and unhesHutinglyeiidorso the numerous oulogies of tho world-wide press, whoio «pi- nions wo luivo carefully perused and compared \lith our own judgmont- pronouncing Mr Barry Sullivan one of tho most rollncd, intellectual, and finished uetors oil the singo. It wore almost supm ¡Ino. s to enter into tho de- tails of the characters mentioned above, us it woutd not only involro the occupying of a larger space than inir, columns can spnro to point out the pailicuUr beauties of each part, us acted by Mr Sullivan i for hi« renderings indeed uro one continued series of intellec- tual treats. Ho koops liis nudionco wrapt in silence and contemplative appreciation. Hu heeds not boisterous npphtuso, nor dpes hu wait to find a point rocoivetl ; but so real and so impressivo ure his actions that you loso the mnn in tho character before you-tho ne j>hs ultra of acting. Of his Hamlet, it is II marvellous per- formance ; of his Richard, it is a grand nnd masterly conception ; of his Benedick, one of tho greatest of Slink speare's characters in comedy, -us represented by Mr Sullivan, it is equally finished as his other imperso- nations. Wo aro glad to find that the -countrymen of Mr Sullivan aro appreciating his genius, and purpose demonstrating that fact by a " Welcome to Sydney" " Cead mille failthe," on Tuesday evening, when ho will appear as Claude Melnotto. It is to bo rogrctted that Mr» Sullhan's engagement 'is so brief, terminating in two» weeks heneo ; ami wo most earnestly suggest that all who ndiniro great noting, and Boeing tho Drama well sustained, should not loso this oxcellonf opportunity. While according such deserved praise to Mr Sullivan, wo must not omit congratulating many members of the presout elllcioiit company who havo reappeared amongst us. To Mrs W. Hill, Mrs Charles Poole, and Mrs Crosby aro wo most specially indebted ; and to Mrx Luohlan Mcdowall we tender a cordial welcome. Of tho 'gentlemen it is almost invidious to speak, where each vios with tho other in supporting tlio reigning "star j" but Mr Warner's Richmond, and " The'Ghost," have in our opinion never been surpassed. By the way. we should liku to seo this guntloninu a slop higher on tho ladder-wo feel convinced ho would not falter. Possessed of a magnificent voice, a commanding 'pro sonco, and, above ali, cduuatioi al acquirements, without which other advantages are valueless, we believe ho is destined, if he so please, to increase tho nama and fame ho has already acquired. Of our friend Rogers, it is needless to say a word of commendation ; and wo halo superfluity of writing, particularly when " toe think toe scent tho morning air"-so a fair good night to all. This evening Barry Sullivan as Mäcbetlu 