QUEENSLAND. jDYtne-.emola we have papers to the 26th instant from Brisbane. The Guardian of that date states, that the Colonial Treasurer has called for tenders for the sum of £53,800, being the second half of the loan' authorise by Parliament. The debentures bear interest at the rate of sixteen cent, per annum, and the principal will be paid, off in twenty years -the 1st January, 1889. .-.:.' The Queensland Times of the 25th, says If all the reports we hear be true, there are divisions, in the Cabinet which prevent those who have the confidence of the people from carrying out their views. Instead of having a responsible Ministry, we have a Ministry compelled to obey the behests of one man, and that one having no interest in the welfare of the colony beyond the receipt of his salary. It may be remembered, says the Guardian, that some weeks ago the Rev. Mr. Creyke met J with a serious accident, which it was thought would deprive him of the sight of one of his eyes. That fear has, unhappily, been verified. In other respects, however, he has nearly recovered his health. I live same paper states that the sentence of death passed on a man named Shapland. at the Toowoomba Assizes, for the murder of Mr. Brown, a publican at the Macintyre, has been commuted to fifteen years'" , imprisonment. 'J ," The following gentlemen have been appointed cadets in the Native Police Force Messrs. William- Sharpe, Arthur Beaver, and Marmaduke N. Richard- son. Second Lieutenant J. T. Baker has been appointed first lieutenant of Native Police, with command of the second division of that force The North Australian states that "a synod of Roman. Catholic bishop is about to be held in. Sydney, The bishops who are expected to be present, in addition r to Archbishop Polding, are Dr. Quinn, of Brisbane ; Dr Gould, of- Melbourne'; Dr, Geoghegan, of Adelaide ; Dr. Wilson, of Hobart Town and Dr. Pom paper, of New Zealand. It is generally understood that the result of the synod will be the formation of three additional bishoprics in New South Wales viz, at Maitland, Goulburn, and Bathurst, in addition to others to be established elsewhere in Australia. For some weeks past a committee has been sitting from time to time, for the purpose of inquiring into the efficiency of the Native Police in keeping the blacks in' check, and as to whether the, force could not be improved The other day ' Mr, Augustus Rode, was examined, and stated that he left Germany in 1837, wijh,,eleven'others, to* i> establish a mission to the aborigines of Moreton Bay, The object of the mission was to" try and Christianise the natives but they laboured for eight years without any success. They used to make _ie!growniup pear pie work- about the stations, and teach-the young . ones in school. They learnt very fast, quite as fast as the white children, of whom there were also several in. the school ; but when they left they turned back to their old habits they forgot what they had learned: they did not become really civilised. Some of them - learnt the Lord's Prayer quite perfectly when they were in the school, and afterwards they used to repeat, it in the township to get pennies ; they made merchandise of it. It was very difficult to do anything with them. They were willing and able to learn, but they seemed to think they were rendering the missionaries some service in doing so, and therefore wanted, to he paid. The adults were useful for manual labour, and' would stick to their work for a long time unless something attracted them; when they would throw away their spades and go off for months. It was' found quite impossible, however, to make any religious impression on their minds. In- spite of All this, failure, Mr. Rode recommends the establishment of another mission by the Government. He says that although they met with no success previously, their only reason for giving up the attempt was that Government aid was withdrawn. Had it not been for that, he would have stuck to it. He thinks they might have better success hereafter. When asked if he could give the committee a single instance in which the missionaries had succeeded in civilising the natives, or making them useful, he states that, on one occasion, when he was ill, his friends prayed for him, and he recovered. The blacks saw that, and, some time after asked the missionaries to pray for a blackfellow who was ill. Mr. Rode is in favour of the native police as at present constituted. "White troopers could never - endure the same hardships and besides, any deaths inflicted by them would be sure to be avenged on some other white people-the first they came across. He believes that bloodshed can only be avoided by keeping the blacks in fear, and he does not think the police exercise unnecessary cruelty. He thinks most of the acts of revenge which the blacks commit are more about their women than themselves. Mr. Carden Collins, who was the next witness examined, states that he has lived nearly fifteen years in the bush : is a squatter on the Logan, and has seen a great deal of the blacks and the native police. In the year 1860 he suffered much from the blacks, who broke out with great violence, and destroyed cattle to the value of £500.' He had always treated the blacks well in fact, better than he ought to have done, giving them work and feeding them, and was quite at a loss how to account for so sudden and apparently causeless an outbreak. Took his black boy with him, and drove them off the run. Next day Lieutenant Wheeler came up, and went after them ; they have been quiet ever since. Generally speaking, the blacks have been decidedly more peaceable since the Police were stationed in the neighbourhood, and he thinks that by all means they should be retained, for the blacks had threatened several times to burn his house and murder all the inmates ; but since Mr. Wheeler's , visit they had committed no depredations. Mr. Collins thinks the present Native Police a most useful force, and does not know how the settlers could get out without it. A white force, with black trackers would not do ; they would be useless in a scrub. The old Mounted Police were not of much service against the blacks. He does not see how the present force could be improved. THE LAND AGITATION IN VICTORIA.-The Argus of 21st instant says There is certainly no reason normal to our condition why we should have greater difficulty in devising a land system than the other Australian colonies. The cause of our failure must be sought in the accident which has given political power in this country to a few of the worst class of professional agitators- the off-scourings of British, chartism and American democracy. The land question is not necessarily a political, still less a social difficulty. It is our misfortune that it has been allied to politics, and made the vehicle of class antagonism, by the men who seek their trade in keeping open the question. It is their interest to make it appear that one class of the , community are the natural enemies of another, that every measure which receives the assent of the pro- pertied classes is necessarily inimical to the working man, and that everything is to be viewed with suspicion which comes with a good word from the other side. The astonishing stupidity of some of these prejudices is only to be equalled by the impudence with which " they are maintained by our demagogues, and the ten- * city with which they are held by a certain class of the people. The wonder is, however, not that the quacks should not tire of their imposture, but that their dupes should not discover the trick. For years past, the Stump has been living on the 1 ghost. of a great grievance. Time was when the squatters were a positive impediment to the settlement of this country and at that time none were more emphatic or earnest in their denunciation than ourselves. In those days, the squatters would have been something more than human if they could have done all that the people expected of them. That they did not voluntarily make a road for their own destruction, was doubtless a great breach of public duty on their part ; but, in their behalf, it may be urged that nothing they could have done would have satisfied the furious rage of our democrats for agricultural settlement. Long after, however, the squatters have either the power or the will to stop the course of population, they are still retained as the property, tyrants of our political stage. They are still engaged in vexing and spoiling the true democracy in keeping the people from their landed property, in impounding the people's cows, debauching the people's representatives, and corrupting the people's surveyors. - ' They are the bees notes of every true land re- former. They draw up all the 'land bills, and a £11 them with all sort of sinister clauses. If there is a bill otherwise, liberal and unobjec- * tionable a bill which provides for the speedy settlement of the people-a bill which offers a fair compromise between conflicting interests, it must be J. rejected on the mere fact of its not being opposed by the squatters. Even this negative character is a positive disqualification in the eyes of those who profess to represent liberal principles on this question. We are led to believe that this is a social question between 9 wealth and poverty contest of aristocracy with of democracy-a battle, in which one side must be exter- .. " minated before the other can exist Before Mr. '> Gray's mind's eye there is always a hideous phantom of a bloated squatter, with a rascally balance athis If backs, who leads about a surveyor by a string, and lives for no other enjoyment than to prevent the settlement of the people. ROBBERY BY THE BLACKER-On Friday evening last, the hut of Mr. Philip Andrews, of Alumy Creek, about six miles from Grafton, was broken into by three blacks, known as Jimmy Dalby, young , Man Tommy, and Tommy; who took away three sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and two of notes. Upon information being given to the chief- constable,',') . search was immediately made, but. without success,, " for, hearing the police were in pursuit of these, they -ex took to the bush. - Clarence and Richmond Examiner 