THE THEATRES. RICHARD THE THIRD AT THE ROYAL. The production of ' Richard the Third' at the Theatre Royal yesterday evening, introduced Mr Barry Sullivan to us in one of the most striking of Shakspere's characters — King Richard, His succesB was equal to the ar duousness of the un dertaking. Mr Sullivan's scholarly rendering of Hamlet, the dignified repose he exhibited in that character, and his more quiet interpretation of Richelieu to that we have been accustomed to, had not prepared ub for the spirit and effect of his Richard. From his first entrance, we had the ' bold bad man ' before us. In his opening soliloquy the bitter ness of his mind, caused by his personal curtail ment of ' fair proportion,' and his remorseless .villainy, were most forcibly presented. We were there ' furnished with the key to the character, and Richard's motives were manifest to the end. With Mr Sullivan, Richard is not simply a crafty, violent villain. Buoyed up with hope, and confident in his resources, he ap pears in the intoxication of succcbs not to see the full evil of his designs, and indeed his bad intents are often gloBsed over by the grace and energy of the execution of the deed. Ambition is indeed his crime, the crown his object, to attain which all who stand in his wav must nerish. This object is cloaked at first, when in the actual presence of others, but to those who have the key it still is manifest' When the seizure of the crown is urged upori him by the citizenb, his affected reluctance was admir ably acted, and the swelling emotion which broke forth when the shout was raised, ' Long, live King Richard,' was a true touch of na ture. After his successful practising upon the credulity of Lady Anne there is something frightful in the heartleBsness of his levity, but this iB in keeping with the part j and the same callousness is shown when, satiated with his first love, and with his eyes fixed upon the , fair Elisabeth, he roughly and passionately avows to Lady Anne his hatred of her. In the murder scene in the Tower also, a like indifference to crime is finely dis played. The King is evidently made happy by Tyrrell's news of the completion of ' the most arch deed of piteous massacre that, ever yet this land was guilty of.' It is in the last act, how ever, when retribution is fast approaching, and the terror of n guilty mind cannot wholly be cast off, and when all the resources of Richard's cha racter are taxed to their utmost, that]' the actor Shone most. Stung with rage, and bursting with passion, the workings of the fiery soul were expressed in every movement. He was eager with the wild impetuosity of revenge and his hurried action, his quivering visage, and his frequent and violent transitions showed that he felt and knew of tlie coming crisis in his fate When sleep visited his eyelids, still the body was not at rest, and the terror struck into his soul by the vision of the ghost of the slain was palpable. The wakening frcm the dream, and the fervid passage, ' Give , me another horse ! Bind up my wounds !' was ejaculated in ? a manaer which fairly brought the house down. 'In ' like manner was the recovery from the appalling and weaken ing terror manifested, ' Let not our babbling .dreams, affright ? our : souls' ; and the con ventional buist under the exhortation of . Ratcliffe, ' Richard's himself again,' became, from its mode of delivery, a novelty. This energy of action is maintained throughout the concluding portion of the drama, and so well does the unscrupulous monarch play his regal part in his closing moments, that we are, tempted to regret the fatal .pass . of Richmond's b word which rids the earth of the royal villain. Mr Sullivan ' w»3 enthusiastically received; he was called tor at tlie end of each act, .and at the -termination of the drama he;.. had to bow his thanks^amid a perfect Btorm of applauBe.1 The general excellence which characterised' tho effort,' will, 'we think, rafoa i' Mr . Sullivaij yet hjgjier' in the public estimation ; at-. least, this .much i^ay be; safely Baid, if . the .verdict , of ; the well : house : yesterday ' is' to ; be takeii 5s a criterion. WithVegard to tlie (Ahcr characters of the drama, we may say that- Mr Warner gave a careful and spirited rehearsal of Richmond, and that as Lady Anne, Miss Gougenheim was above mediocrity. Mr Hope appeared as Buckingham, Mr Belfield as Norfolk, and Mrs C» Poole as Elizabeth . The company, as we have before Baid, is far from perfect, but its members have latterly made considerable improvement, and yesterday the good humor of the audience was only taxed upon one occasion. 