A Sitting with Mr. Forster. (Evening Mail.) Although the future historian who writes about us 200 years hence will scarcely characterize this age as an age remarkable for credulity, it is pretty generally known that among the fancies of the fashionable world there is none more prevalent than a desire to hold in- tercourse with the spirits of the departed. A "medium" in good repute, who for a certain fee, will enable us to discourse with our deceased grandfathers, may be regarded as a member of a profession at once lucrative and distinguished. No connexion is there between him and the obscure prophetess who extracts foreknow- ledge from a dirty pack of cards, with the fear of the police before her eyes, and is only approachable through the narrowest of alleys. The "medium" has his well furnished apartments in a broad west-end thoroughfare, his visitors rattle up to his door in their carriages, and, far from con- cealing the fact of their consultation, en- rich their discourse at dinner with anecdotes of the wonderful magician. A dozen years ago an honest country gen- tleman who firmly believed that he had seen a ghost was forced to keep his be- lief to himself, if he would not be laughed down by his enlightened friends. Quite another view is now prevalent. A thorough disbelief in ghosts has become rather vulgar than otherwise. Just now the leading "medium" is Mr. Forster, of Bryanston street, Port- man- square. He gives sittings (séances is the word) at the rate of one guinea a head, and is so fully occupied with his spiritual business that, without an ap- pointment on the previous day, there is no chance of an interview. When you are lucky enough to get your hour, you certainly have your guinea's worth. Mr. Forster gives you the right of search into the ghostly bosoms of all your de- ceased relatives and friends, and if you question them about this little debt, that little legacy, and t'other little mortgage, they will answer you with a straightfor- wardness that perhaps was by no means characteristic of their earthly career. Many an old curmudgeon who would have told his next of kin "not to bother" if he had asked him a hundredth part of the questions propounded in Mr. Forster's room now overflows with information, and, distressingly rapping, hovers about his relative's chair, fearful that he may not be asked enough. "There is a spirit wants to speak with you," is one of Mr. Forster's most frequent remarks. Do not let it be supposed that these spirits are spectres in windingisheets, and that when addressed they poke their heads out of a caldron, like the spirits in Macbeth. In a civilized age, when the knowledge of reading and writing is sup- posed to be universal, the spirits prefer the epistolary form of correspondence. You take your seat comfortably at a little round table, with Mr. Forster himself, and perhaps two or three other amateurs of recondite wisdom, and if the table sud- denly pitches into your lap, you need not be in the least alarmed, as this is only a sign that the spirits-in toastmasters' phraseology-bid you heartily welcome. Then you write the names of half-a-dozen departed friends on little morsels of paper, double then up, fling them into an indiscriminate heap, and, touching the papers one by one, seek to discover which of the spirits is desirous of holding con- verse. Three raps on the table signify that you have touched the most willing communicant, and Mr. Forster will sur- prise you by putting a piece of blank note paper under the table, and in an instant bringing it back, with the Chris- tian name of your readiest friend written thereon in pencil. Or he may vary the experiment, and, tucking up his shirt- sleeve, show you the name inscribed on his arm in red letters. While this is going on you are occasionally diverted by renewed lurches of the table, and also by something that rubs against your knees. This, you are informed, is the touch of a spirit; but you need not be alarmed, the spirit is not half so dangerous as one of those pet poodles that sometimes take similar liberties. After several experiments of the kind described, the air seems to become im- pregnated with spiritual influences. The lurhes of the table increase, rappings go on at short intervals, and you are told that one of the spirits wishes to speak with you. This is the time to put in your business like questions,-to ask whether Smith will honour his acceptance without being stimulated by your soli- citor, whether Brown really died in- testate. Sometimes Mr. Forster,-pos- sessed, of course, by the spirits-will himself answer these interrogations in writing, scribbling on the paper with preternatural rapidity, as if unable to control his movements. But generally a rap on the table is the response (one rap denoting "No," two raps "Doubtful," and three raps "Yes,"); and the ques- tioner may be advised to use such a form of inquiry as may be answered by a sim- ple affirmative or negative, and to avoid the disjunctive form of interrogation. Even for those gross natures who, not satisfied with seeing spiritual handwriting, hearing raps, having their knees tickled, and bearing the weight of lurching tables, would like to have something like the armed head thrust out, of the witches' pot-even for these gross natures a bonne bouche is provided. One of the party asks "Shall we have à hand?" in as calm a tone as if a bout at whist or crib- bage was proposed, but he means no such levity. If Mr. Forster thinks that the opportunity is favourable to the introduc- tion of the "hand," you move to another part of the table, and whereas the pre- vious, experiments (if made in the morn- ing) were performed in broad daylight, the shutters are now closed, and you look anxiously towards the table's opposite edge. Now you have really a right to feel a little nervous. An indistinct some- thing rises to your view, and growing more definite, is plainly a hand, with the fingers in rapid motion. About this hand there is no mistake, nor is there a doubt about its inclination, to clutch a bit of paper in its vicinity. That this is a most, extraordinary ex- hibition no one can deny who watches it fairly through. Granted any, amount of confederacy or collusion, it is still difficult to explain how the name written by the questioner on paper can be imitated in a moment by an unseen scribe under the table, and how the arm of Mr. Forster, who never quits your side, is inscribed with a word of your own choice. Let us add that, if you write your own name and many others on scraps of paper, and, throwing them in a heap together, touch. them in succession, the affirmative raps will only be given when the right paper is touched. At these sittings nothing is done with the view of inspiring terror. Mr. Fors- ter is no lean, haggard seer, but a young gentleman of a frank and even jovial, aspect, remarkably gentlemanlike and urbane in his manner, and not at all in- disposed to laugh and joke in the midst of his spiritual manifestations. Now and then he appears pained and exhausted through the work of "médiation," but mostly, if the party consists of gentlemen, only, he smokes his cigar amid a volley of rappings, as a veteran might write his. despatches with shells flying in at his windows. 