AT IIOUR: 1WITH-,TEI SPIRITS. ... (rnos Tll WEEKLY EMPIBRE.) Among the topics attractinig particular atten tion at the present time, both in Engaintd and in this colony, the most singular. are those:con n' cted with what is usually known as Spiritual ism. The 'readers of the Empire are aware that niany articles and communications; original and extracted, have lately appeared in its columns on this subject.: We have hitherto professed to know nothing, about the matter ourselves, not having had either time or opportunity for inves tigating the alleged phenomena. The state ments for and against Spiritualism were so many and so various as to have.left us in a state :of considerable doubt and bewilderment even up to the Iast day or two. We are now, however, in a position to say, from actual experience,' that all our doubts have been removed; and that in our opinion the matter has been pliiced beyond the possibility of question or cavil.. Having been introduced by a gentleman, who was an implicit believer in Spiritualism; toa few of his friends;.who had, on several 'previous occasions, formed what was termed a Spiritual circle, it was arranged that a seance 'shluld take place on the night of -the 20th ultimo; at which six or seven persons were to be present'besides the writer.. The gentleman above alluded to had devoted much time and attention to the investi gation of the interesting phenomena in ques tion. He had obtained on several occasions most extraordinary.resultse the precise cause or nature of which, however lie did not pretend to Sbe able;to explain, althouglhstronglyimp'ressed 'with tliedidea that theylcould only be accounted for.by the iageincy of spirits. . On the .evening in question, at. about six o'clock, tie " circle," consisting of oigit persons, was formed at the residence of one of the party. The writer and another of the gentlemen were entirely unknown to most of those present, and had never before assisted at a seance. Two or three of the others it was uinderstood had had little or no experience in spiritualism, and all except two, . expressed themselves as having formed no decided opinion on the subject. The party seated themselves around a small dining table, and havinig done justice to the hospitality of their host, after a time-the decanters and glasses'beiing removed to a sideboard, so as to leave the table perfectly clear, the seance com menced. As it is desirable-to be as particular as possible, and to mention every circumstance calculated t'o 'eialle others, to form a judgment .on the matteri as well as ourselves, wie.may state that our host's,wines were excellent, and that the brandy, a choice' sample of Martell's, was pronounced equal to :any eover imported. Shortly after eight o'clock, the glasses and de canters as before stated having been removed, . the gentleman who had invited us, requested the company to place their' hands on the .table in such a manner that.the little fingers of each person were in contact with those of his neigh bors' on either side. One of.the party, how ever, preferred to sit at a distance, and was prepared with pencil and paper to record overy thing that took place. After waitin'g almost in silence for about five minutes, some of the party being evidently from their. appearance, under some peculiar influence, the gentleman who as sumed the direction of the seance, asked in a solemn voice, "Are there spirits present?" ."We waited for a few, seconds without reply, when lie repeated the qucstion,adding, "if there are, please to rap on the table threc times." dThe words were scarcely' uttered when three :distinct raps were heard, apparently just unler the questioner's hand. We Were all. somewhat startled, and had scarcely recovered from our surpriso,'when the' question:was put, " What is the name of the spirit giving the raps ?" Mr. G. (the gentleman who put the question) then commenced repeating the ailphabet slowly and distinctly; having previously. requested the per son wliho had usndertaken the clerical duties. to write down the letters at which the raps oc curred. This went on for some minutes, the alphabet having to be commenced anew at each letter, when no.more raps being heard, we con cluded that. the answer was. fluisihed, we then found that the raps had,occurred at.the follow ing letters: S to i yd:n?a?r Of course we could make nothing of this, and as a'irepetition of 'the quesiiois only. brought a similar answer, and as nobody had ever heard of such a.personage'. its' .Toli Ydliiricb it was at last decided .t'.vary thbo uestioni by ,asking the unknowii, " Are you happy.in your disembodied state ?" To this the reply was as follows: :y1 l'soj p'se We were if possible. more 'puzzile than .ever, and entirely failed to decipher..the meaning, if there was any, in the, singular combination of letters rapped out. ' 'We suppose, the' words to beloengto'soinde lin'guait' with which we are'un acquainted., Determined, ,however, to investi gate matter further, tlioe pirit inas informed'ihat we were unable tounderstan'd tile meaning of the previous raps, and'that we desired to communi cate with a spirit who-ocould converse in Eng lish. " If there is aspirit present who can con verse in English," said Mr. G., ' ill it please give three raps ?" No sooner. were the wordis uttered then there came a rat-tat-tat on the table for all the worl 'as if: three or, four of lMr. G.'s teeth had dropped don thet polished. iiahogany. "-What is your' name?"io was :te onext - question. To this thbo following answer -ivs rapped out: n n.;i 1 knq.i f, ,,s: "4,ir.m a :n e b Who,in the name of griodness. could Nilk narf Ninjieb' be ?'-?We'catiidio the concluim n that the words hadd twarg ab~out them as if they belonged to a:Nor;th 'AmerdiiOa'siT Indiai, but all our entquirles failed to, olisit a satisfactory reply., Thinking !it possible thlnt questions coming from some..other person.than Mr. G. might be answered- in-a more satisfactory man ner, we desired tobhe allowed to put a question, and with a view to elicit practical and useful in formation ihich 'ivould throw:light on pr?vious answers, proposed the followingi:---" What is:the nature of means, or the chalracter of the me dium by whlichsipiiritas. conmunicate with nmor tals P"--The nnswer was'has follows: : e s.u:t:rs'o' p. mi:.d~na d indudo cri S It',is e''dis'nt thidt we!did:not' underistand 'tlhe spirit langi age,ori:that thy' did not o"nderstasid us, but still wve resolired to persevere, lioping at length to0 discover the key ortoxplanation to tlheI iimystery. '.With 'thisi view. wo: put th'e following query, ",Wlihtis, loi effect pjroduccd'I ni menljy tleir.intercouse .with spirits:?l ;.To this the, an .Of ciudnse we ':ooiild :niake: nbthing' of his jumbleof 'letters, and the-question was -varied by iskii?"i'' 'B whiit i'meussani a ibkowldgie of spirit rappings be communicated ?" To this the following anseer was rapped out very distinctly and emphatically: : . , b.i-u h All this was'very provoking, and the whole affair was beginning to be considered so tiresome -and annoying, that it was remarked by one of the party, if nothing more useful thari we had heard could be learned from the spirits, their acquaintanco was not worth seeking. Mr. G., however, encouraged, us to persevere, expressing a confident anticipation that he would soon dis cover the key to the meaning of the mysterious list of vowels and consonants we had heard rapped out. It ought to have been remarked that some of the sounds appeared as if they proceeded from a spot in the table under Mr. G.'s hand; while others evidently came from .the part of the table where his friend Mr. T. was seated. Both these gentlemen, as before in timated, had previously assisted at Spiritual seances,' and were considered to be excellent Imediuins. The next question, "What's the "'use'of'Spiritualism ?" was asked by one.of.the " party who liad hitherto remained silent, and the words were not intended to the spirits but to Mr.. ;"G.' himself. No sooner, however, were they uttered than the gentleman commenced re-, peating the alphabet, and at the followvingletters the raps were given'loudor than ever : sse n isub .niio ruoy dlnim We puzzled ourselves for a short time over this apparently absurd :nonsens e, when. Mr. T. suddenly. exclaimed, "I have it 'The words .should'bo-read backwards or.from righttto left, ..liko theoHebrow and many other, languages." This thought, he said, had occurred to him from -`a consideration of tbh fact: thht that- was the . most anciiht way of writing 'and wobild probably be the one preferred by the siiiits to the imore imodern method. It was,. he' remarked more conservative, and tlherefiroe moro'respeciable. Most of us agreed with the latter observation, and perceived at once, on reversing the.order of the letters that lie had actually discovered the the hey to unlock 'the difficulty under' Which .we had hitherto labored. The practical wisdom, too, contained iii the words formed by the let ters. whenor reversed-viz.':." Mind .your o0wn business,' and the aptness of the, reply, to .the somewhat impertinent query which lihad. been put as to the use-of Spiritualism, striuck us all as very reeiarlkable. 'All the party, were now very eager to:apply this method to the.previous' answers, and especially, to ",thii name of:'the spirit which 'before lhad puzzled:us so much, and Sof Which 'tthe time 'it was rapped out we could make nothing 'but Nilknarf Nimajneb. Now,. however, the matter was perfectly clear. We were conversing with no less a spirit than that of Benjamin Franklini, and, might reasonably hope to got from " PoorIRichard's" ghost a few words of wllolesoib and judicious counsel. The advice his spirit had givon was certainly clharac 'teristic 'of.thlo man 'while living and proved that disembodiment hliad not changed his character. This brought to the writer's recollection a pas sage in an article against Spiritualism published in the Empire iL few days since.: It was as 'fol lows " Let them (the spirits) tell me how to make my fortunie honestly, and then I will be lieve in it." Hereo. was the clue to the general incredulity manifested by. men. of the world, as they like to call tlhemsolves, towards the inter csting phenomonionr which we were engaged in investigating. It did not enable them to make money'. If the 'spirits, would only. do this, nothing could, prevent the rapid spread- of a be lief irti 'their. existeniev and opportunities of.con versing with them would be eagerly sought for. Having; had the good fortune to meet. with the spirit of a inan possessed of so much worldly wisdovi as "'Poor Richard " it (vas thought de sirable to hscertain if something could not be got outd of him lwhich might be turned to practical account. -One of the gentlemen present had re cently entered into a rather extensive business, and was naturally desirous of learning how he could insure success. Encouraged by the prac-" tical character to the last question, and silence' being restored, he ventured to ask, " Will. the business in whicllh I have embarked prove' sue-' cessful?"' 'No reply. He then said, ".If well manniged, .'and properly attenided t6, 'will. my 'affairs prosper ?" To this question a' prompt respons wtras returned by three;, very distinct raps, apparently proceeding in this inistance from near Mr.G.'s part of the table. Three raps are by Spiritnalists always , understood' to mean "Yes." This was very satisfactory to the'querist, who, encourqaged and emboldenedd by .his, suc. cess, at: oric asked, " What course can I pursue in my' business, in; order to ensure .success ?" t Mr.1 G. at- once commenced the .alphabet, 'and :heavy raps were heard:'as he repeated- the fol lowing letters :r es itreva d a ecsiatrenv.da csitresda These words were rapped out so'omphatically that' we were all: anxious to'-know whatb they eniaont;ind even bofire ;reversing 'them felt assur'ed' that they indicated a: certainj way to wealtlh liandto secure success in business.: But when., our" clerical- assistant'- profi'icd'' the wordse ;'. < , \-- -Advertise-advertisc- advertlise . -. we weroe lost in astonishment and. admiration. Encouraged by: the answers to' th last two queries, we lost ,notimo in proceeding further to' interrogate the sliirit of.' Poo?'Riohard," hoping to profit yet more largely by lessons' of wisdom from the American sage. " The 'ame gentleman' .who had" asked . tlbl, twvo or three precedinig' q:uestioils, then'asked, i".Will thee spirit of the venereted Firanklidn give me any fiurther" advicde as to the donducIt I shouild pursue o'.,.Aiiiidst tile most impressive silence, broken onlyby'Mr.: G.'s regular anid solemn repietition ofl-A, B, C, &e.;, carie the rapi'as he utteredthle letters com posing this sentenioe ' ecnaeda ni repap.ruoy rof yap syawla Our scribe lost notime in reversifig it;'and iro felt iiride 'and gratifidatiodn' at thle.ivisdiini'ef. the utterance eand the 'souiediess of the advice '"iAliveys pajr for your paper ih'b dvaince," wasoa senitence worthy:of Franklin, deserving to be, recorded in letters:of gold; and of being held up for the guidance of all young men about etciing aihto uibsiness or commen?eing life. -The "advice of tlhe spirit of the sago a s:epnbiodied in the last three sentencesvi--viz . 'Mincd 'your: business, Advertise exteisively, an;l Always pay 'for your. paper in 'advance, v was suqfliciont of i'tselfito form a oede not only for mercantilemen 'but:for- people. in almnost iall situations of life. Every shop andobuning-house,: oevery hotel and plae. of enteirtainment, every manufactory and worlid?idp,6 should lhiiave the words alffixed in large clia'iitrtcrsain honio; cdnslicuous pirt of the estab ; The.s anco' this point: was adjotrned till the following night. All who had been present atit expressed themselvosains highly gratified at" the result, and declared that whtatever 'dobubts they had previously etitertained about Spiritual lasm were now entirely removed. We shall not attempt to theorise as to the nature of the medium, the character of the force which produced the sounds, or the use to. which investigations of this kind may be applied. A tree should be known by its fruits, and seeing that the result in the foregoing case was so gratifying and likely to prove so useful, we are not inclined to be captious or querulous as to the means taken by benevolent spirits to com municate with mortals. 