f'ije fljcits nnb glratr JMertiscr. Published ctevtj 'jl'itciti/tr/. '£'liu rsilatj ami Saturday. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1862. THE CLUBS AND THE COUNCIL. " So long as I am a public servant I will oppose any grant of the Recreation Reserve, except to the Council." This is what the Americans would call " tail talk." on the part of Councillor KKRFEKD. It brings back to our mind the versrfs which ao much delighted us in more youthful days, ar d were put into.the mouth of ALEXANDER SELKIRK, y " I am monarch of all I survey, l \ My i ight therip is none to dispute ; j-romtne centre mi rovmji to the sea, . J I am master of field and the t>rute." '( In his more inspired moments we have no doubt this able Councillor alters " the sea" into " the Lake," and sub stitutes ." the fish" for " the brute." V7e can almost fancy the thrill of honest pride which glows thixugh his veins, in' some* of his pereginations through the ou'skirts of the Mun'cipulity. It is not every one who can view so exten sive a doonain of his own acquiring, and tbe spirit of annexation" has grown wich what it fed on. We confess that for a moment, when the proposition was made by the Council to allow the Jockey and Cricket Clubs to have a portion of the Reserve in their own hand3, wp were greatly pleased with the apparent generosity of the proposi tion. We remember beicg equally struct by the liberality of a person who once made us a present of a new hat, until we found that the hat was our, own, £fnd what was more galling still, paid for. This is exactly the case with the offer of the Council. The Reserve was intended as. a Race Course, in lieu of the one on Pennyweight Flat, on which the Jockey Club had laid out nearly a thousand pounds. On the present Course they have laid out several hundred pounds, and whereas a private individual will get compensation for improvements, the Jockey Club not only gets none, but its very Funds ere attempted to be disposed of by a body with whoba they have naturally no connection whatsoever. A. great deal has been said about the Olob having, taken a lease from the Council, and never paying any rent We say, unhesi tatingly, that they were perfectly right. Ii we take a field from our neighbour, and discover that it is as much ours as his, in law, and entirely purs in justice, we will not pay him a farthing if we can help it- It is no answer, to say, that a tenant cannot go into bis Iandl rd's title ; John Dos and Richard Roe cai (lo a great many extraordinary thing-. In this case, however, the Council have no title at all, but are merely. Crown Rangers. The Chair, man and Councillor KEKFKRD say, that the grant would, in no case, be made to Trustees. Why, then, should they be so afraid to say, *' Gentlemen, you have our free consent to get it if you are able." Thi re is something very suspicious in their tenacity. Moreover, the latter Councillor said that the Jockey Club was not a representative body of the general public, and the Council was. The first part of the averment has nothing whatsoever to do with the question, and the: latter is a fallacy; The Jockey Club do not want the Reserve vested in themselves, and they never d d.. The Council is not a repve tentative body of the general public, but of a comparatively small section of J the community. The Trustees, in whom ! the Clubs and a great majority of th, Ratepayers wish the JReserve to be vested, would really be a very lair representative body of that " genera public" which Councillor KERFERD desires to " annex" as well as the Race 'Ciurse.- -The argument, as to the per sons interesting themselves being " birds of passage," is equally fallacious. The same reasons would apply to the Governor of the Colony, who is, in fact, a Trustee of the Crown. The last argument ol all, contains the most transparent contradiction. They say Mr HODGSKINSON declares that Govern ment will, never give a grant of land to Trustees', and yet ihey insist that if the Clubs fall into the views of the Council they will obtain an absolute grant of the Course and Cricket Ground. But -and note this, gentlemen of the Clubs-if any difficulty is suggested, the horns and hoofs immediately peep i out, as "everything can be arranged by a Bye-law." Oh ! of course. A. nice j Utile innocent Bye-law is the very thicg. So sure as there is any arrange ment made in which the very ghost of a Bye-law is hinted at, so sure will the Clubs be, what in that case the would deserve to be, and are certainly intended to be, at the n?ercy of a very ambitious and aggressive body. If Mr YOXALL, who is a tried ui'n, [_ublicly pledges himself to vote for Trustees in this m-.t'er, we believe lie will have the unqualified support of a large number of lUtepayers. 