A SOUVENIR OP O'CONNELL. [From the Liverpool Albion.) LoDdon, November 16. À SOUVENIR of old "Ireland ns sho ought to J great, glorious, and free"-freo to blow a noij hour's brains out in peaoe and quietness, and be blown upon in liko manner for tho sake politeness and propriety, turned up on Wcdni day-last, at Dóbeñham's Booms, King-stre Covent Garden, close'to. the Garrick Club; ai certainly tho incident partook of tho tragi-con character befitting such locale. What was i The sale by auction pf the pistols wherowi tho Liberator emancipated himsolf from i, assaasinatory gladiatorship instituted for t purpose of tranquillizing his agitation wi an opiate-pill of 'lead, otherwise bulle an unfailing narcotic, if properly a'dministcre but, in this case, tho operator became the [ tient; tho engineer, was hoist with his ov petard ; and, having' sold tho'skin of the Iri Bo mon lion, was blain ib tho attempt to kill t! animal. Tho description in the catalogue this very odd lot, noHess odd because tho p tols were a pair, was highly Hibernian, boil partly in Frpnchj' tho ' duel hoing called u affaire dlianneur, and : tho' viciim " Doct ¿stair." There's historic material for futu Macaulnys. Doctor Bstair I Perhaps a doct in divinity ; 'a minor canon of prodigious oalibi and thereforei employ ed to', drill a bolo in tl pericranium ' of the head of : tho papistic Pats.- And an' uncommonly pondero boro was soemingly!' required, to judi by, tho. barrols of - these anto-rovoly and prepercussionary unrifled flints, construct« to carry' about a quarter of a pound of moto the very aspect of the instruments being cnouf to, cause, an...aspen quiver through any norv less Tipperaryfiodly strung than those bf tl Sir Lucius O'Trigger genus. Perhaps i polemic ocourronco of our timo ever occasionc moro excitement' than the duel betwoc O'Connell .and. D'Esterro, in 1815, Wotorlc year, and fivo months before Watorloo day ; ar yet tho very name of one of tho combatants entiroly ; transmogrified at tho salo of .tb weapon that 'slew him. .'?? On a pioco bf paper pasted ihsido tho caso, is set forth that D'Esterro was promise £1000 down, and £1000 a year for li; by,'/the Dublin Orangomon, if ho killed tho even thon formidable antagonist, who gave fu promise of his future performance. There i no doubt there was a good deal of (ruth in thi hypothetical arrangement, and that D'Estori was not disinterested in culling out Daniel, o pain of being publicly horsewhipped for havio applied tho? phratto "beggarly corporation" I tho body whoreof his opponent was a mcmbc: D'Estorro was. shot dead at tho first fire, an one of tho pistols 'sold on Wednesday was tb instrument that did ir. O'Connell's second wt that well-known flre-oator and coolest of blitzen Major Macnamara, the Beau Nash of all sue ceremonies, whereof he was consummate mnste Ho looked upon a " mooting'' as tho prinoipal pu poso a gentleman came into tho world for, so o to go. out of it, or afford another gcntloman th moans of going out of it, in a becoming mar ner. For many long years, and until a lei years ago, ho sat for bis nativo county of Chrc in Parliament, whero ho was a vast favourite typo of tho old Corinthian Celtio chivalry whereof he was a fitting representative ; fore most in friendship and in fight ; polished urbano, placid, nnd dignified ; equally tho rc verso of a Frenoh macaroni and of a Harr; .Lorrequorized recipient of whisky and porpc trator of horse-play oapors ; Lumbro-liko, " th mildest mannered man that over scut.lcd shit or cut a throat;" and who soomod as if IK would fool tho greatest plensuro in lifo ii putting you to : death, and scarcely lesi pleasure in allocking you to do ditto Tor him provided, of course; it was dono cn regla, in strlc oonformity with tho punctilio of the duello otherwise Hangman Calerait might havoyoui corpus vila ero Macnamara would take tho trouble to qualify you for the undertaker, or pormit yot to inscribo hie jacet on his whereabouts.' Thc Major was always an object of moro than minot interest in St.'Stephen's and other clubs, ouc overywhero about town, in all parts of which he might be mot ; generally poring into gmv shop windows, or moro frequently still, into thc windows of pawnbrokers, containing "pledges' of. tho# calorifio prowess of other dnyn, unsophisticated implements of homicide, which complotoly gnvo a man tho quietus tit once, and so an end. Macnamara, a nama that Bignifios "Son of tho Soo," and with bira might truly signify son-of-a-gun, looked with abhor ronco on all new fariglements in firo-arms. As long,as A pistol sufficed to propal a ball through a gentleman's,bond, at a gentlemanly distanco, tho primo purpose for which su oh things wore invented was answered ; and anything beyond that partook of tho nalnrp of scientific pro- jectiles, .demanding a professional training in trigonometry to understand. Honco ho dated the declino of that groat civilising element, duel- ing, from tho introduction of novoltics in looks, and cocks',' arid so 'forth ; and-had'ho lived to behold that epitome of backwoods' bar- barism, a Colt, a Dean and Adams, ho would have expired in a oraok at tho apparition of its multitudinous mu'rdor- chambors, apparently ar- ranged on tho assumption that a human hoing has as folino a tonaolty of vitality as a Kilkenny oat, and rcquiros to bo annihilated, body and bones, ere ho is finished. If tho Major's ghost isn't boyond tho reach of fire, it must have glowed with a burning ini nation at the sacrilege of the O'Connell pis! being sold on Wednesday for eight and.th] shillings, caso and all! Shades of M'Marj only fancy tho indignity. One pound eighj for immortal mementos of a mortal t to such as has been set forth ! How the pisl asme to he sold in London forty-six ye after being used so fatally is known only to initiated in tho disposul of the Dorrynane got and chattels, to which these relics proba belonged. They wore bought by an appan Terry-Aitish Whito Boy Ribbandman tena right " Munstor Farmer," whoso portrait would do for a frontispiece to a new edition Captain Rock. When tho hammer foll, and t name of tho buyer was demanded, no namo vi given; but the stranger hurriedly flung dói the money, snatched up the prizo, and made with it as anxiously ns though it were the koi nohr;-to tho intense amazement tho fellow-countrymen of tho late IV Sheriff Carlow Raphael, of "? say thousand pound" notoriety, end <wl evidently deemed tho purchaser mad to gi eight and thirty shillings for an articlo < which no judicious Jew would advanco as mai pence. It is generally thought it was on tho killii of D'Esterre that O'Connell " regiolorod a vo\ to fight no more. But not so. Not long afro in tho August of tho same year, ho went ou or rathor wanted to go out, with Peel; wi onllcd him out; but that discreotly valoroi right honourable gentleman created such: hubbub as caused the non-combative belligerent arrost as they wcro sotting off for France, Pe having made the matter a town and counti talk for weeks beforo in England. It would t unfair to insinúate anything derogatory ( Peel's courage in this instance wei it not that ho gavo frcquont cause for auspicio in after life by bullying thoso be knew wouldn and could not fight. Thus he hectoring] called'out Joe Hume and Dr. Lushington, whor all tho world perfectly woll know would no come thc more ho called. The ridiculo thes safe provocatives to impossiblo pugnacity' prc ducod was happily embodied in one* of H. B.' most quizzical caricatures, wherein Wollingtoi is portrayed patting P. on the bick, in estacie at his pluck, and vowing that the public wouli call him Fighting Bob," in recognition o his irrepressible aggressiveness. Tho F. M. wa said to be immensely tickled at tho time b; this hit at a very weak point in his domur but voraciously vnin-glorious civilian colleague and to have laughed in a way that alarmée Wilaon Choker for tho Iron Duko's sanity laughing in his slcovo. being goncrally tin extent of tho ferruginous Arthur's hilarity it such cases, though his Grace found it no' laugh ,'ng matter to bo tho'butt of snoering in his owi abortivo business with Winchelsea. ' It wai about tho period of Peel's bhnkpolntcdness, ii re Lushington and Humo, that inextinguishabli oichinnation arose concerning Lord Aivanloy'i endeavour to shoot one of tho . younj O'Connell's because old O. called the noble A a "bloated buffoon;" and doubly detonating peal on peal broke forth when Disraeli, thei: tho " Younger,", antooodont aforesaid as a pre codent, insisted that another juvenile O. should give him satisfaction, because Daniel allogec that-Benjamin was a descendant of tho "Ita penitent Thief." Disraeli, however, bad plenty of the blood of Maccabeus, and meant pistol* whon he talked of them. Luckily Morgan O'O. moant nothing of tho sort, having bad enough of such vicarial nonsense in standing two shots from Alvanloy ; and he pooh-poohed tho flaming Israolito with some cool caustic badinago worthy of tho bantering Benjamin himself. After this, duelling .fell into desuotudo, nearly ovcry attempt nt revival being on additional nail in the coffin of tho doomed practice, such, for instance, as tho ron con tro between Toar'om Roebuck and loctor Editor Black ;-tho latter as blind as a bat and tho former being aa invisible as a midge, but wanting to make himself as big as a goose, or as a doublo-hoaded oaglo not Austrinn in those days. Thon carno tho Black Bottlo and Harvey Tuckolt rumpus; followed by tho farcical trial in tho house of peers, so vory ornamentally got up by Plain Jock Campbell, who swallowed dromedaries whilo straining at gnats, and so lot tho non charging cavalier bolt through the oyo of a ncodlc, which, howovcr, proved rather a rasher in ono sense, inasmuch as tho Earl had to pay some £10,000 c'xponscs in preliminaries to pro vido against tho alienation of his estates by tho Crown in caso he didn't get tiff. Finaliy.'thoro wits tho brother-in- law matter ; not Cardigan and Lucan, but Fawcett {and Munroe, in whith the former waa killed, nnd tho latter sent to Nowgato; and so no moro; and quito onough Inn. 