GEHIND THE SCENES. BY OUR INQUISITIVE REPORTER. Lately I had occasion to call upon the manager of a Melbourne theatre. Discretion prohibits me from specifying which theatre it was, but curiosity may be partially appeased by the statement that its back entrance is not a hundred miles from Little Bourke street. The theatre-master, his- trionic comptroller-general, grand string-puller, or whatever the Continentals in their phrase- compounding ingenuity might dub the manager, was behind the scenes ; so I thought I would go behind also, never having been before. It seemed a perilous step—there might be some corporate usages among actors, as among stockbrokers, in- volving the maltreatment of an intruder’s hat. The green-room might possess, like Capel Court, some Alsatian privilege of skylarking. I might be taken for a newspaper critic who had written adversely of some performer, and he would perhaps make reprisals for the “ slating” by an attack upon my tile. To me the arcana of stage management had hitherto been a curtained mystery. To pry into it was to the imagination as though some curious Greek, in the height of his Hellenic daring—this is not a punning paraphrase for infernal impudence—had poked his Grecian nose into the hanky-panky arrangement at Delphi. However, I went to the back and put a good front upon it. The reader will kindly overlook this joke. It is hardly a a capital pun ; therefore it will perhaps answer the ends of justice to convict on the minor count, of assault with intent to do the peruse some grievous mental annoyance. This all comes of attending theatrical burlesques. Byron must be held responsible—not the lame poet, but the rhyming punster. By the bye, the latter may be considered as a very lame poet, also. Pity it is that we have no Lord Chamberlain to interdict this sort of thing. Nothing short of a severe penalty for every pun will stop this Punic war of words. One can hardly go to the length of Dr Johnson in the belief that a man who would make a pun would pick a pocket, but, if he wouldn’t pick pockets, he ought to be made to pick oakum, and this it would content us should be his most de- trimental intimacy with hemp. This is digres- sing, however, from the plain course of the chronicle. I reached the stage door, and learned from a drowsy porter, who talked with his eyes shut, that the manager was within. Pressing onwards, I blundered in the direction of a dim light, and found myself in a sort of dungeon fastness where a dirty-faced carpenter appeared to be rehearsing the part of Guy Fawkes. The dirty-faced car- penter assumed that I was a professional ghost, a theatrical apparition, a subsidized goblin, a hired spectre, or something of the sort, evidently. Would I just try the new something or other. I stepped upon a square board, glanced at a dim light above, and incontinently bethought me of a quartz mine at Ballaarat. There was a muffled whirr, like the flight of a quail, and I was flashed upon the stage with my best coat scraped into tatters at the left elbow. Presence of mind is a grand human attribute. Why should any body, in a country where positive merit is but a matter of chance appreciation, be ashamed of being out at the elbows ? To say that I felt the entire force and point of this reflection would be what the French call an inexactitude. There I was, suddenly jerked into the most in- tellectual society. Actresses and actors were grouped around, with handfuls of manuscript and anxious expression of countenances. The only irregularity was clearly my not saying some- thing ; but being an Englishman, and the condi- tion of the weather presenting no noticeable feature, I was quite at a loss. Presence of mind saved me ; I gesticulated an apology for the in- trusion, and slipped away with the hope that I might pass perhaps for a sub-deputy temporarily acting stage assistant carpenter, or something of that sort. In this crest-fallen mood I found my way to the rear, and was just getting breath and fresh confi- dence, when I was rushed at by a sharp terrier- minded sort of attendant, who plunged out with epileptic watchfulness, and brought me up with a sharp inquiry as to what I wanted. I wanted to see the manager. “ Then you can’t see him now,” was defiantly intimated. I rejoined, in my blandest manner, that I would rather prefer waiting. “ Then you’ll have to wait a goodish bit,” was the reply to my amiable remark, which he evidently construed as chaff. Hazardously in- terpreting the duration of time, signified by a “ goodish bit,” I said that the proposed arrange- ment would be still more agreeable. Uncon- ciously I must have infused, the very essence of the direst exasperation into this last reply, for he insisted, with offensive emphasis, on knowing my business. In Austria, I should have felt for my passport at such a moment, quietly assuming the questioner to be a police spy. In California I might have commenced speculating, with mean- souled tremor, as to in which pocket he carried his revolver, and whereabouts he stowed his bowie knife. But, as it was, with mad temerity, I sent a message to the manager. One minute was suffi- cient for the experiment, but, in the mean time, I had reached the conclusion, after observing the official ferocity of the servitor, that theatrical managers are woefully persecuted by people wanting favor, or employment. It did not require much social knowledge or arithmetical sagacity to put the two twos together, which presented that result. The manager came, and in a gentlemanly way deplored that I should have waited, and felt mental desolation at the prospect of my paying to endure a further two minutes of weary-souled ex- istence till he should be disengaged from a re- hearsal. Fancy a dozen sticks of Spanish liquorice, fascicled like rushes in a broom ; and fancy the implement so obtained being boldly employed, after a brief submergence in boiling water, in depicting a pile of sear weathered rocks, or a whole street property in Venice. Imagine all this, or it would be useless to try and convey a just impression of the pictorial achievements one wit- nesses behind the scenes. Here is the gloomy forest where the Corsican brother committed a genteely retributive murder, or where the village maidens dance at somebody’s wedding, when the grand pictorial reconciliation is brought about, and the young women have short petticoats, and the male rustics of the district are most naturally attired in wonderful white shirts and scarlet waistcoats. Here are the stage cottages in rough timber—brick is ignored upon the stage as being grossly unromantic. Here is an entire range of mountains, at least ten thousand feet high ; the artist might double the altitude by a sweep of his brush. And here I see huge rolls of the gauzy translucency out of which Eily O’Connor is res- cued from the theatrical watery grave. But the grand museum of properties is the thing for on eye- feast. Look at the robes of silky glitter that have draped the shoulders of a dozen emperors. Look at the dainty black small- clothes of Dr Pangloss. See the scarlet calico that has garbed a cardinal, girdled the waist of an empress, or picturesquely encircled the brown calves of a brigand, or the delicate throat of Mr Fitzblazington. See the wigs. From the flowing judicial grey to the conventional clown-crop, short and red—every style and every shade, be- tween ringlets, locks, and bristles ; and white grey, and carrotty. Here are walking sticks, from the coarse oak cudgel of Dandie Dinmont, to the clouded cane of Sir Benjamin Backbite. And then to look at the diamond stars and, snuff- boxes, and to see the heaps of jewelled bracelets and brilliant rings, set with gigantic pearls and sapphires of inconceivable value. It was really quite impressive. The money, too— the ready cash in the establishment was something startling. The bags of sequins, the heaps of ducats the stores of guineas—all this was none of your paper money, but the real tin, with the un- mistakable chink. There was the original sum advanced by Shylock to Antonio, on the memo- rable historic occasion. Numismatologists might be puzzled to tell the enormous value represented by the tin bullion at the theatres. And then the paper currency—the bank notes for fifties and hundreds which we have seen produced upon the stage. To be sincere, it must be admitted that I have not been allowed to view these treasures very intimately, but it is something to have been enabled to remark the mas- sive deal pigeon holes in which such amazing stores of public wealth are hoarded. And then the armoury. The real wrought iron cutlasses with which the desperate smugglers engage the determined military and the highly polished and elegant mounted meat-skewers em- ployed in the arrangement of genteel differences, and polite quarrels of a deadly nature. The pistols, too, held in both hands by the pirate in the clean boots and knickerbocker trousers, and which are understood to be typical of fear- fully destructive power, were pointed out to, me, hanging carelessly on a couple of shingle nails. Quite a museum of hats of every shape, tint and condition were also shown, ex- citing a strong temptation to ask if they were crown property, but I restrained myself. By this time the manager was discovered. I had before observed a pale anxious looking gentleman, with an air of chronic suffering and permanent distress, enclosed in a sort of large cucumber frame, as though, he were a tender exotic. “ That is the manager,” said an obliging informant. Oh ! indeed, is that the eminent humorist, the fine artistic comic delineator—why, what has happened to him—what misery weighs upon his soul ? “ It is pay day,” continued my amiable interlocutor. “ Oh ! I see”—was our reply, with the most commiserating accent at command—“ poor man, the maladre du pays.” 