ITALY. THE great oeremcnhl at Roma to celebrate tbe onnoni. salton of the Jàpknose martyrs took-pisos-on tr an dey, June 6. Tbe' oeremoay oeoapled six boars, and «sa attended by il cardinals, »boat SOO bisbops, sad the diplomatio body generally. Letters of June 8, from Borne, gire fall oooounts of tbe oB'emony. The illumi. nation of tbe oharob with 15,000 oin iles socms to bare been a failure: Tba effect waa not brilliant ; so »sst aro the pro- portions of the obarch that it was ia eompar tire dork, ness, as if stars of the fourth magnitude wsro glittering fsiotly. Seen from without, the wells bad the appear, snoe of being inlaid with bright mosaics, while the smoke of the candles and of the incense- gare the interior thr appearanoe of a vast theatre in a thick London fog. The lighting up waa a decided mistake, and the less said ebon* it tho batter. . As to the assembly io the oharob : Nearly dOO mitros were here assembled, a sight whicb tbe world bas not seen for centuries,- snd perhaps will never see sgain. After these-and-a number of otbei ofDcerB, bis holiness is barna into* the oharob msgnifl oently attired, baring two large-fans-or flags of feather athis Bide', and holding a wax taper in his left band, while with bis right be blesses tbe-maltitude. It is im potsible to give you an adequateidee of the feeling whicb his appearance awakened ? -among men who had come from all parts of the world to «ea the repreteritativp of St. Betor, the depositary of -the Holy Spirit, the bali man, balf Uod, as they regarded bira, eb wt whom they bad road and talked, and- for whom 'they bad pr ryed sioai they were children no higher than tbe knee. " Li Saint Père I Le Saint Perol" 'exclaimed the Prenoh priests; "Il Santo Padre I" cried the Italians ; and Q-i mans, Spaniard», Greek?, Americans, and Engli h al' manifested the same zeal,-each in his different tongue. , . The sing sra of the Vatican obnote J with thai unearthly voices " Tues Petrus," »nd the voice»,' not St muoh BOftened ss rendered more meagre by the dijianoe. glided like ghosts through the building. At timos sn other body of men obaanted " Ave Marls Stilla* »nt 1' was tbas tba Pope wes horns- through1 SO 000 w ;rsbip pars Irom every aoantry under tho san to the high nltat beyond the tomb of tbe Apostle, wh» ra be descended fi orr bis seat, and after praying, wss again oarriod forwards ti the throne at the npper end of the nave. After much doing of-homage'and'obanting of Teni, Greater Spiritus, followed the actual asnoaisaiion, a fe« words spoken by tbs Pope, sod then the newe was sn nounoed by cannon oat in tbs opea air, and a Te Veum by the multitude in the ohnreb. MTJEDEB BX A GIPSY.-A frightful murder was tom milted near Waterloo, Hants, on the 31st, by a gipsy, named Edward Lee. .The murderer left Waterloo on tbe morning in question io a van, and waa accompanied by bia wife »nd nepbeT, a .boy eight or nine years of age. They bad prooeeded shoat.haifa mile on the road io the direction of Horndean,.when tba boy observed bis andi soddenly move from the footboard into tba van and som. menas a struggle with tba.woman. She resisted, bat ht msnsged to forae ber head ovor the bstob or lower bal of the door, and out ber throat in a.frightful manner. He then threw tba body oat,.and wben found by tbe polioe the horse was standing over it witb one foot on an arm and the other on the hair of. the murdered woman The man himself went und lay .down by the roadside 'and quietly gave himself up to.the policeman, on bis arrival. The prisoner asserted thst jealousy, incited him to oom mit the murder. He has been, remanded. TBS AIXEO«D POISONING OF. A YOBS: LAST. -Tho in. quest on the body of Mrr. JTrauaaa Phillipa,, axed 37, the wife cf a wealthy borsedealer, of Knightsbridge, wheat neath it is alleged was caused through tha adninittra tion of poison, w«s resumed.. Mw. Little, and Miss Little, the mother and sister of. the deoeased, were ex amined. They deposed, .that. Mrr. Pnillips b fire her death aoouied her husband Qf having poisoned ber. Mr. Phillips, in his oross-eximÍEation,.gava instanooa of tba violent oonduot of the mother.in.law,. Pour medical men expressed an opinion, that death had occurred from exhaustion, attended by delirium,'.and agreed Ibst Mrs. Little was too excited.to hara been io attendance on her daughter, who required great quietude. Tho professional men who made tbe post mortem jxaminatioo and .the obemiaal analysis, sam tha.e was no reason to believe poison bad been taken. The .jory, returned a verdiot of "died from natural causee..". _j ... Some excitement prevailed at. Lloyd's upon the ie ceipt of intelligence that the Federal -war ships bave oap 'lured the steamers Stettin, Sox, and Swan, and the ships Agne>, H. Ward, Governor- Morton, and Magnolia. - Of these vessels the only one . from England is tba Stettin, wbioh was oaptured off Charleston bar. It being under, stood that sn attempt would ba mads to eater oas of the confederate port», the prainium.of-insurance upon - the Stettin previous .to -her-departure, from this country, ranged from 15 to 35 .guineas per «sot. . -With regard Co tba steamer C-rcaaaian, nuwa- cf-whose capture was ri ejived a short lime baoa.wa ate informed that tho .pre- mium on the cargo varied from 30 ' to 40 guinea» per cent., and waa to cover. Uanahipmanta and risk of break- ing tl« b.ockade in.any port .in Amerioa. This ri-k namely, that of breaking.tho.blockade-has been inaurpd sgainst In so ma y iostanoea in this country, that ». ma persons apprehended .difficulties: between our Govern- ment and th it of America^.. Probably about twenty ships and ea goes have been insured at Lloyd's. Thediffionliy of patting a atop to thia, illegally biad of business woo ld be considerable, sloes such Uanaaeli .ns are entered into as private speculations, and .Government oould bave no information respecting .them through the Starap-ofBce, or otherwise. The policies ara of e arse stamper), bat as they would be clearly. JIU-gal and tbs stamps useless did they, apply simply tohreahing -tba blockade,evasions are reaorted to. Tn» destination, of a ship: lc any blockaded port in particular ia.not .specially expressed, alibiogh that passible eontiogeney ia named in tba policy. ' Ii ean. not be made too widely known, thal a l persons who, whether openly or reorelly, violate the rights of neu- trality ana ber MajealyU proclamation, forleit all claim to tb* pro'ection of iheir .Government under any con- tingency the* may: artie.. .Tho captara of the: steamers Patna and Cambria has also been announced, both Oat which vessels are insured at Lloyd's. J 