BISHOP POMPALLIER AND THE MAORI KINGITES (From the AucJclander. September 27.) Lkttbb of the Right Rev. Dr. Pompallier, Bishop of Auckland, to Matutaera Potatau, a native : chief of Waikato, called ' The King,' by the natives. (Translated from the Maori lan guage.) -.....-.?_ '? ; Beloved friend Mutataer, — Greeting to tnee j great is my affection for thee, whp.art the father of many tribes ; great is my remenbrance and affection for Te Whero- whero thy father andiiiy Anmnnt frinnrl in tins islanrl. Ah ! mav thnn.thv family and tribes be blessed by Jesus, Christ the Saviour of the world and the only founder of the Holy Catholic Church, which is the only mother church, the Church, of all ages and of all the earth. , . '? I received the letter which was written by thee on the 21st July last. ' My .heart bias re joiced because light hasbeen'shown to'thy eyes and to thy heart. Bebold, God speaks within the mouth o the priesls.rwhom they send to do their work, that is, to preach to the sheep of their flocks. . . -Behold, also, the teaching of the pastorship of the Church is the true teaching. of the .word of God ; it is the teaching of the Holy Ghosthim self ; for the Holy Ghost abides with the Chiircli's. Pastorship, Jesiis Christ having said to liis apostles, : eompt'ising their successors \: ?' The^ Holy Ghost shall remain with you for ever. FTflJift-vhfi ia n.nn'dtafif-.Itr in' trriii '' YXi ihn p.Vt rl A v 16, 17.) /These are also the very words of Jesus Christ: ?'Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of- the world.' (Matt, sh. ' 28 y.,20) .:...: . '. -.-..- ? - ? .Now, from these solemn words, consider that the Pastorship o the Church cannot ? teach : anything of error,, but its .teaching and direction for Christian life, are from truth only. That Pastorship has the lawful ' authority ''. -to teach all the nations, of the earth: So it possesses all the words' of God ;' all the Sacra ments, and even 'it-self has delivered to the world the' Bible, written On paper. 'Hence the iuotner unurcn is tue^ proper preserver or tue Bible ; ? she* gives the proper understanding of it; she is thajudgepf its letter, which is merely, the sign.jthe bark, wa could say; of the word of God;— that is, of His thoughts.- But what is more important, the Church makes, understood these, thoughts' themselves, which .are the real word ;of God, the. fruits of truth— the flame of the Holy Ghost's flambeau, which is the spin tnol llffVlf. ' €f\\\\* tliO QAtllc r\P ? iVta ?ms\\**\A ? ?? .':? . ! ' i Yes, Maori people and beloved . spiritual children, yes it is very true within the paster&ljip; of the Cuurch, the Holy Ghost is always abiding and acting.- Hence tbis principle is cerWn. The, teaching of the pastorship of the- Chtirch is the living Bible.which eaases the Bible' paper to shine; and out of the ?pale of the Mother Church the Holy Ghost does not actj'but out of the Church the spirit of darkness,- the work of infidelity itself abides,, Jesus Christ saying,, ' He who does, not hoar the Ohureh, let him be considered as an iufidel and a sinner.' (Mat. chl 18, v. 17.) 5 Therefore out' of the Church 'the. souls of men live in trouble and anxiety, arid there is a multitude of false doctrines, of con fusions and contradictions, because they* are deprived of the light ai d oi.. the work of the Holy. Ghost. ...... Let some men not say that the Bible.paper— that the Bible letter, is ,the principal rule of. 'Faith,1 for the Bible, out, of the ministry of the Holy Ghost, is merely a paper with black lines of writing^that is all. Hence out of the Hply. Ghost, the Bible is like a lamp with oil and wick, but without the flame upon the wick— viz.i without the flame of the Holy Ghost, which is the li^ht of Faith ; for, we repeat it, the Holy Ghost does not remain out of the Church, and with people not hearing the ehurch. Therefdre, finally, let men be in the pale of the Church, and there soon they will have the Light , of Truth from the Bible pappr, especially from theliv' ing Bible, which is the principal one, and is the. ?teaching of the Pastorship of the Church— teae.h-r ing which is the Lamp having always the flame upon the wick; Hence the truth of these words of St; Paul's; 'The Church of the living Gbd is the Pillar and Ground of Truth. Timothy, : ch. 3, v. 15. v ? Matutaera.— It !is, then with grounded reason that my heart has felt, great consolation, because thou hast adopted the dootrine and direction of the Mother. Church— the Church of the living God, of which Ctiurch the nature has been more arid more explained to thee by ,the. Priest sent by me to thy country. This fact of the ,li vi «g .teaching', shows more arid more to l thee, that ,the hvmg Bible; that is, the Bible 'speaking is f better than the Bible paper, which is dumb and' deaf. Yes, better is the living Bible, that is the teaching of the Mother Church, which can hear .by. human ears, and speak by hunian tongues. Hence these solemn words of the Apostle's Crefcd which are .recited by- Christians generally ? ' J believe. in the. Holy Catholic Ohuroh.' ;' \ ? ; Now. let no person in New Zealand say ' there in only one same God for the -Mother Church and for all the separated Churches— hence they are all equally good. Hearken, spiritual childern of New Zealand behold there is only one God for the Angels in Heaven but agruat many of them became proud and disobedient to Him, and they were separated iropa him to be mere demons in hell j Arid as for Him, He remained a good Father solely for the angels who persevere in goodness. Likewise there is only one God for the Jews and for the Christian ; but . the Jews have been separated from, him on account of their crimes committed on,th.e person1 of Jesus Christ our Saviour,' and God has remained a good Father to the faithful Christians. ' ;. ; Likewise, again, at the last day of Judgment, there will be only one God for the good Chris tians, who shall be placed at his right hand. But these bad Christians shall be expelled into hell, which will be the eternal punishment for their sins, either against faith or against the Divine laws ; and God himself will be, in Heaven, the Father infinitely good to the good Christians. Yes, then, , there is only one God, that is Jehovah ; but he is a go:;d God for the Christians good, and a God of just anger to the sinful Christians who remain obstinate in their sins Finally, likewise the New Churches, by their becoming proud and disobedient to the Mother Church, . viz., to the words of Faith or to the Divine Laws for Christian life, separated by God from the Church and from Himself. ' He who does riot hear the Church, let him be considered as a heathen.*' . Henco, although Separated Churches like to keep the Bible paper, behold they do not possess the clear knowledge of the word of God, that is, the Doctrine of the Church's Pastorship, which is the living Bible, the lamp with the flame upon itself; in . one word, the New Churches keep the papers, videlicet, the skin of the fruit, the oil.and wick of the lamp, but they leave the flatae and the light to the Mother Church, that is, to thetrue Christians, who are docile to' Jesus Christ, saving to His Apostles and .their Successors, videlicet, to the lawful pastorship of the Church, ' They who hear you (the '. apostles) hear Me, they who despise you despise Me,' (Luke ch. 10. v^ 16). Enough for ?.uwflw gmitb nuiius , it uciuuijs to vxoa nimseii to |udge finally the -persons who are' wrong in matters of Faith and Religion. But be happy, dear friend Matutaera, be happy, ye all, who are of an upright heart. The. star, that is, the'Rght of Heaven has shone for you ; then preserve it as a lamp to guide you to the Mother Church, to Faith, to Heaven itself. Now the goodness of God is for you; the love of his Bishop is for you ; for you the love of the Mother Church Oceanica, behold in. all the world. Still let man preserve well Faith, and observe Christian life, videlieit, let him keep a true love for God, loving Him above all things, and his neighbour as himself. Thus ends my letter for you de*r Friend Matutaera; thou seest, it is a work of teaching ; it is the work of an ardent love ; it is not in any manner a work of Csesar (of politics) for.it does not concern the rights of land, property sovereignty. I leave these things to the people of the world, to their Chiefs, either foreigners or Maories; Behold J have no mission from God to settle such matters. i ena oy wisning to the and to all thy tribes, the blessings which God gives to the persons living in the bosom of the Mother Church, Catholic Roman. Now this is a token also of my love ; I send a new priest of mine for thee and the tribes of WaifeatOi My Vicar-General conducts him to you. ...Be all. good to him a9 a pastor for you all. Be good also to the sacred niiListersgoing in .riiy name, in the name of Jesus Christ himself. This letter from John Baptist Francis Pompalmer, ;..,.'. Bishop of the Diocese of Auckland. 