CEMETERIES BILL. TO TUB EDITOR OF THE BEGI3TBH. Hir — It would appear from the proceedings in the House of Assembly yesterday that the members are determined that no denomination shall have any part of the public cemeteries set apar: for their own peculiar use. This is of course equivalent to saying that the Church of Borne acd the Church of .England shall not nave the we of such cemeteries. The gross injustice and illiberality of this betray a narrow- minded bigotry positively startling. Have honourable members never heard of 'religious liberty?' Have thoy not shouted that cry themselves at the hustings ? and is this the development of their principles ? What are those bodies, the Church of Borne and the Church of England, now to do? Have their own private cemeteries purchased and maintained at their own cost; and when they have expended their money have these very private cemeteries closed by order, of the Government. Yes, the Act provides that the Government shall have full power to do so ; fur if from any cause it appears desirable, without further ceremony or any compensation, the Executive may close any cemetery. There is nothing in the Bill to prevent all private cemeterus being closed forthwith. Ob, but thii-, of course, would never be done! Of course, not. The same liberal, just, generous, and Christian spirit that pervades those who pass the measure would restrain any excess of power. But why give the power? And why give the Superintendent of Cemeteries all the powers of a trustee over every cemetery, public or private, and no matter to whom belonging? Why give the management of private cemeteries to District Councils, or to trustees named by the Government ; and that whether or not it is the wish of those who pay for the land or of the religious body for which the purchase has been made ? What have the Government to do with the accounts of the receipts and payments, the care and manage ment and trusts of private property? Why interfere with private cemeteries at all except to enforce sanitary regulations? What a sweet tiling it is to meddle with the private affairs of others — to show how we can govern, to pass laws in a 'convivial' manner, to act the member of Parliament. Shades of beadledom ! rest on the official talking-shop on Northter race, and there behold the democratic idea of religious liberty. I would suggest to our M.P.'d that all churches and chapels should be closed, and that there should be one large building in which all denominations should bo at full liberty to conduct public worship in their own way and at the same time. This would, like the Cemeteries Bill, doubtless lead to Christian union and universal brotherhood. I am, Sir, &c;, A GHOST. Adelaide, Mav 16, 1SG2. 