LAW NOTICES.— (This Bay.) SUPREME COURT. .equity sittings. — (m insolvency.; John R. Pasooc.— Appeal. INSOLVENT COURT. . Adjourned First and Only Meeting at 10.15. — M. Langridgo. Adjourned Third Mooting at 11.— John Monughan. COUNTY COURT. General Sessions. — Appeal asses. Colonial Dried Fruits. — A few days ago, we tasted raisins mado this season by Dr. Mcoars, of Oliowton, from grapes grown in his garden,- The fruit was of very fair quality, and considering that it was his first essay, the result wus most satisfactory. Tho process of curing adopt od by tho producor wa9 ex tremely simple. Grapes ofsuitablo description having, boon clioson, tlioy -wero dipped thrco times into strong boiling icy, mude .with wood ashes. They woro subsequently hung in tho sun till tlioy woro sufficiently dry, csro being taken not to oxposo tliem to the night air. Wo believe Dr. Meears was the first to manu- fuoturo wine at Forest Crook, and be has now "taken tho lead in . showiug the practicability of matting excellent raisins. Tliero is no rcssoa why wo should not derive our whole supply of this article from colonial Bources, and ucxt year tho prico' of grapes in this district will probably bo so low, that they moy be sold with greater profit in tlio preserved stuto than wltea fresh from the vine. Tho trouble of converting them into raisins is so trifling, that it should provo no obstacle to tlio attempt. Tlio timo is fast approaching also, wlion tlio preparation of other descriptions of driod fruits will attract tho attention of colonial growers. Our im portations of prcsorvod apples, poaches, etc., aro vory considerable, but before many years, lha demand for these luxuries may bo met froiu dome3tio resources. "Every itom of expenditure in this way saved to tho colony is' equivalent to a proportionate increnso in the nations!., income. — J/. A, Mail, Gth Juno. ; The Castor Bean Plant. — Tlio Palnii Chriati, or castor bean plant, is being culti vated in somo of our gardens for its ornamental appearance. Horcaftor it will, no doubt, bo extensively grown by our farmers for its com mercial valuo. Tbo 'medicinal valuo of tlio oil oxprossod from tho beon is well known, but many porsons may not bo aware that tbo been ilsolf is a virulent poison. . The tasto resera-: bios that of a Barcelona nut, but tlio " y luiinto individual who may liavo been allure# to swallow tlie dainty, will soon lmvo reason to regret tho experiment. Nausea of tlio mis deudly kind, followed by violent rotchmg una. sovoro cramp df the etomnol), nro among tu penalties attnohed to eating tlio forbidden ' fruit. Parents should bo particularly carotu to prevent tlioir children eating the boon, a dentil has frequently followed thou' !,nT11,= access to it. For tlieso reasons wo should ic; commend tho exclusion of the Pnlmu Ohris from the parterre. — 31". A. Mail, Gth June. , The Portland' Ghost.— Wo still .t'onl.li a to hour tidings or this man in tho wluto s ic i sOmotimos in tlio central part of tlio to , somotimos in tlio north suburbs and B limes in Iho south. Wo liavo had a ere authority that lio was lately seen, wluto and nil; ' in Julia street, and when a a - » made his esoapo bv leaping over ono fen tlio promises of Mr. G. Wilson, and the 1 Tt- ia t1)0 HOlKO , lajr nnotucu icucu. uuk. —n _ oiniiot come across Mm; — Portland 0 i 4th June 