A COUNTRY "GROANING FOR FREE DISTILLATION." On turning over the 'acts of last session, we stumble every now and then across the Distillation Act, with its one hundred and sixty-six clauses ; and we seldom or never do so without asking, — how could the Legislature ever have been so deluded as to have consented to have such a heap of rubbish as this placed on tho Statute Book ? It has now been in operation nearly two months, and yet no one has thought fit to avail himself of its provisions. TVe were told that tho country was literally and "absolutely groaning" for this measure. But the more tho country knows about it, the more the country is inclined to "groan" at it." All we said of this measure, when under consideration of Parliament, has been verified. It is a perfectly useless measure. There is no one to say,— "God bless it." No one now would have the hardihood to say, that it is worth the paper it is printed on. It is neither fish, flesh, nor good red herring, But we shall hear more of it bye-and bye. It is the grossest imposition that was ever practised on the farmers of this country. And Ministers themselves must by this , time -he heartily ashamed of it. None but tho shallowest of politicians would ever have dreamt of a satisfac tory solution of the question of internal distillation, without a re- adjustment of the general fiscal policy of the country. As a questioii of political economy, any one with half an eye must have seen that it reduced itself into one of the simplest elements of that science, — namely, that no country should ever think of producing or manufacturing any article, which it can purchase cheaper and better, than it can produce or manufacture it. But whilst we derive so large a portion of our revenue as L.650,000 a year from the duty on imported spirits alone, the merest abecedarian in finance must have seen, so far as distillation from grain and sugar was concerned, that this question jjre- solved itself into one of absolute pro hibition, with a retention of our present duty on imported spirits, or into one of free distillation, with a thorough over hauling of our whole fiscal economy. And it is under this latter aspect, that the question will next present itself. The ghost is not yet laid, or effectually at least. By our present Distillation Aot, the exorcism is incomplete. This question is like the un clean spirit that went out of the man, " walking through dry "places, seeking rest, and finding " none." The public mind was hardly ripe for the discussion of this question last session. But when it next presents itself, it will he with a demand, not for distillation generally, but for "free " distillation" in its purest form. Such has long been CASa to lhe westward, wlyjfa the question has been more thoroughly understood. If distillation Ts r„ be.ttet " in any of these colonies VTre4 ' be in South Australia l'?"14" cereal produce is so much vhera- . home wants. And we find, in the last Adelaide 1 hand, the late Chief SecretaiwT3 to! mg, that the country is "abL,8- groaning for free distillation " ' not only asserting this himself ; twitting the present ' Treasn? Jfti having given utterance to tl.„ 1,11 ' sentiment Nor is there any nttfm(! H to deny the existence of sud, ! ! ing thero. All seem to admit a 'v | the country is "absolutely 1 f V "ing for free distillation.' Not f1" ' 1 distillation, as in our case a differential duty of four shillin 4;'l of exdsemen at their backs, " free distillation." And nonf Li i'J will be accepted. Of this tlm '! is now before ui. The j h 1 I Secretary sought a compromise of fil ques ion m a series of resolution ' i which the following is a transcript- 1 1st; lhatitis desirable that nil ,73 sfcrictions on disfcillation should El removed. 2nd. That a gradua re.| duction on iorei?n spirits be adopt 1 " 3rd t0tlthel1'' entil'1 nbA.£| 3id. That the general taxation! be adjusted, to compensate CI any loss the revenue may Smi,;l 1 by free distillation, and eventual! "removal of. all dutv on imnoZl " spirits." But the House indignantly I rejected the resolutions, and chiefly fQr I these reasons. J 1 First, no attempt was made to plaM 1 before them any scheme of taxation I whereby the . gradual reduction, and! eventual entire removal of the dutyoa! foreign spirits, was to be made un I Secondly, in the event of a gradual! reduction of the duty on foreir-ai spmts,— i say, to the extent of font IS shillings per gallon in the first 0 instance,— it was agreed that persons!' would erect large distilleries, and wlienP the remaining six shillings — which I would operate as a protective duty inf their favour in' the meantime,— u-nsf removed, they; would come on the! Government for compensation. And | thirdly, as the scheme of finance forll the yenr had already been determined upon, it was held that the'Vesok;M3f| were out of place. They should havJi been brought forward earlier in thai session, if the House was to baa asked to take any action iuH reference to them. These area intelligible reasons, if not ial all respects satisfactory. The Ilousel might, for instance, have been asked tol affirm the resolutions, and to wait al little for the substitutory scheme of| taxation.' But that did not suit tbeirj purpose. They would have the foun-l dations of the future edifice laid deep | and strong. They, were for blowiiwf no bubbles, which would burst to their i own discomfiture, and to tho dissatis- 9 faction of others. And the country is S therefore still left' "absolutely groaniVl " for free distillation." 0 1 Better, far better this, than th&tk; people should be put-off with meter fllintri lpffislntinn fPl»ow Imnur what they have to trust " to, and what! further steps, if any, " it will be neces-i sary to take. They are not " chokedl " off," as in our case, with an un-| worknble Act, which was to have fol-l lowed these resolutions, if adopted,! but they are left to " groan" on, I and to " groan" to some better I purpose, if they think it worth I while to continue their " groan- | " ing." We are not by any means I .sanguine ourselves as to the prospec- I tive benefit of distillation in nny of J these colonies, But if our (armors Jj think it right to clamour for distillation | again, it must he for " free distillation," and for none other. That would be a reality, but all olse is a sham. 