WATCHING. Like a bark of pearl on a stainless sea, A pure bright moon eomcth over mc ; And I stand on the crag;, and hear the falls Co tumbling duwn, through the black river-walls ; And the hcurt of ihc gurgo is rent with the cry Of the pent-up winds In their agony 1 .. You are far fioni mc,' dear, whcro.l wntoh and wait, , . I.Ike a weary bird for a long-lost mate, ' ?" - And my life is as dull as thu sluggish stream - . ? l-'icling its way through a world of dream ; Vor here is a waste of darkness and fear, And 1 call, and 1 call, but no one will hear ! . ' Oh, darling of minc, do you ever yearn- : l-'or a something lost, which «-ill never return ? ; Ob, darling of minc, on the grave of dead hours, l>o you feet, like mc, for a handful of flowers I . Through the glens of the past, do you wander along, , Like a restless ghost that hath done a wrong 1 And, lj ing alone, do you look from the drouth . ' Ofa thirsty Ufa with a pleading mouth 1 ' When the rain's on tho roof, and tho gates ara abroad. \- " Do you wash with your tears tho feet of your God J ' Oh ! I know you do, and he sittoth nlono, Your woundea love, « hilo you mourn and moan Oh I I know you do, and bo never will leap from his eilenco with smiles, while you weep and weep! Your coolness shake down, vc gathered green loaves, For my spirit is faint witk the lovo that it grieves 1 Is there aught on the summit, O, ycarncr through night, Aught on tho summit w hieh looks Uko tho light ; ' W hen my soul is a-wcaricd and lone in tho land, i Groping around, will it touch a kind hand 1 There uro chasms between us as black as a pall, itut bring us together, O God, over ntl I * And let me cast from mo these fetters of fear, > When I hear tho glad singing of faith BO near ; For 1 know hy the checks which aro pallid utid wet,, And a listening life, wc shall mingle yet I Oh 1 then I will turn to those eloquent eyes, [ And clnsp theo close, with a sweet surprise ; And a guest will go in by tbo heart's holy door, ? '? And the chambers of lovo shall bo left na moro ! HENRY KENDALL, North Grafton, Clarence River. 