CORRESPONDENCE. To ike Editor of the Chronitle.} j Sib, — The accompanying extraordinary yet characteristic epistle, was handed to me, by the 'Ghost of Ban Ban,' at twenty-nine minuteB to 10 o'clock this evening. I had just finished i my usual patfol round the town to satisfy nly self that all was serene, and was going to have a ' good think over this unfortunate G&ribaldian; intelligence, when I was thus accosted — ' Young j man, -as you value your life, — value this' — j handing the letter; ' The writer of it, inflated donkey, imagines it went by the most important postal route. Forward it on to my old friend the ' Chronicle' and tell,- him not to strike at wretched Kerns.' Satisfied that in obeying the mysterious behest, I place the community under an obligation, — Am now, and ever shall be, JOHN. Gayndah, 17tK Octobet, 1862. To R. R. Mackenzie Esq., M.P. My dear R. B. — Believe me I shall, never forget the obligations I am under to you for getting me, instead of my brother, made . a. magistrate, and therefore your letter though) very kindly— 'vefy needlessly reminds me of it.' You will be glad to hear, ^nd as you shall see, . the mantle fits me well, though I confess, between ourselves, that I dont feel quite as safe when wearing it loosely as I should, had you remained in office. I find that a certain class do like to deal with those who elsewhere may have to deal with them, and I should be a goose, were I rft-t to recognize tins great and important fact. I have endeavoured to make all cl&ti-; for your coming, and in doing so, have laid in ' a very large stock ' of this world's wisdom — which nothing but experience could teach. Ah ! as we say in the classics of our -debating room, ' if necessity is the mother trf invention, experience alone decides whether the breed- is to be continued.' You will admit for Gayn dah — this is' rather a spicy idea to clothe the old saw with. I can't get the dreaty doctor to say, if he will or won't take tho chair. At one time when I nearly persuaded him that you would be sure to be back in power, as soon as the house met— he acquiesced; since then, as some body has assured him your nose is for ever out of joint — Ire hesitates. I shall apply the screw if he does not mind — but it is as well to have a willing as an ' unwilling stick. Who could have supposed that the differepce iii a member's actions is so widely estimated, and so suddenly found. There are fellows here now, saying things of you, who but a short time since maintained you were the ornament of the Assembly— the wisdom of the Government— the beau ideal of a proper representative. Now, they ask, ' how aboutthe telegraph — the Barambah bridge— the defalcations in the treasury — the singing small to Herbert, till the veiy last indignity which he could offer — was offered you; the act for - creating a market for Haly's, and men like him, surplus stock— the electoral and the gagging acts; how about, your consenting to Herbert going home, until you found that a better man than yourself was selected to pull the strings for him. ' Some say'. look at the creature coming out in his true colours ; does he join in deputa tions for the purpose of laying oub wants before his devoted friend Macalister — do we hear that he is pointing out that these districts are being robbed of thousands and thousands of pounds, which have been voted for their benefit, or worse — that ought to have been voted. No ! but we see him oh his knees almost praying on behalf of a section of the community, which when he is up here he professes to despise ; and pray ing for the uninterrupted employment of a machine, regardless of its utter dselesness and enormous cost to the country. Of tjic shame which the mentioning of its name covers his as a minister with— and of the broad fact, that the tens of thousands of pounds which are being sunk upon it — and he would have Mac alister against all reason supplement — are bring wasted for the sole satisfaction of the Brisbane monopolists, and to aid them in their centralizing self-aggrandizing policy.' Such my dear Mac, are some of the sentiments which your going out of office has called forth. I have instructed our Editor to be down on them like a thousand of bricks — and when' I say ' instructed,' you know what that means. The dinner I don't think can be managed. I note all you say in favour of it, and as far as your idea goes, even a larger proportion might be fuddled before the speechifying commenced, but to toll you the truth, I would rather deal with, the men who don't relish the appointment of your friend to the magistracy when sober, than when otherwise. The young professional the other night, when three parts cocked, proposed ' that a Committee should be formed to organize steps,' for what, do you imagine? ' to erect two statues, one to yourself and thetither to Haly ; his to be placed at one end of the district, and yours at the other — the idea I admit is very fine, very fine i — hut as I did not originate it, I have not cared to test its applicability through the columns of our noble, paper. Next time 1 am at Kinellan we will decidewkat's to be done about it. The loss of our late Editor, as you may imagine, is not easily made good. During bis brilliant management I began to hope all would not be gone ; how, however, notwithstanding my own weekly-scintillations t-f wit and truth, the thing hangs fire. You wont mind this veiy much, for never forget, that money -is not entirely wasted which silences a foe; thi3 I believo is an . axiom of Mr. Bolingbroke's ; I heard of it at the debatingroom, also. Whatever you do, when you arrive, take every means to assure all you itieet that your return to office is certain. Without this im pression being .first made, your reception will be no better than dunderheaded Haly's, as you call him, was. 1 agree with yon, that if he doesn't go dead against the Government now, he is not entitled to our confidence, and I will take your hint at our meeting, and warn him so, .1 begin to have a natural distrust and dislike to squatters; to tell you the truth, they are not to ba relied on. For a long while, .as you know, I could do anything I wished with them. I led them, ! fed them ; they ran after me. Now the fellows are much changed, and since you made the last batch of magistrates keep away from the bench, I will talk -to them in another key. When the townspeople become a little more numerous, can't you form a deputation to Macalister on ou it account, before you leave Brisbane. As was' said in the deba ting room, 'If you are .to swallow, the leek it is just as well to let.it , nourish ovp wants. The Wide Bay member was here' the other day, but I obeyed your instructions, ;and he soon left the town. My opinion coincides with yours, that -he is not «ie of cs. Bemit me some money on accqunt of the poor paper, and believe me, ' ^ ' : * Your obliged and devoted. ' F. , P.S. — Don't be afraid of Strftthdeo, he shan't be present! and the W-alkerites.I have down. Gayndah, 13lh October, 1862. 