london, as IT stkike3 a steanger. (To tlio Editor of tlic South African Herald.) :In fulfilment of my promise, I liosten to write' you my first impressions of tho Great Metropolis, to which, after a wholo life of hope and expectation, I hayo at last accomplished my pilgrimage. I Iibto experienced tlio oft- imagined sensation of tlio stranger, born three, five, ten, or twenty thousand miles away, when his foot first presses the soil of his fatherland, whore rests the dust of his ancestors, back to tho remote and perhaps unknown past. All round tho world England has colonies and dependencies, nnd there are millions not politically related to Great Britain whose mother-tongue is English; whoso ancestry was English, whoso laws and literature nro English, and to whom England is tho most interesting of countries, and London tlio central metro polis of the world. ' The boy whoso eyes first opened to tlio light on tiie banks of the St. Lawrence, or the shores of blue Ontario, or by 'tlio Hudson, or tho Mississippi, or on (ho far Pacific or Indian sens, dreams thnt some day lie will see London, whoro Shakspero and Do Foo lived once, and which is now the homo oi tho living authors lie lovc-s best. Ho may hnvo been born at tho Capo of Good Hope, or ill India, or Australia, but his thoughts turn ever to the rock-bound garden island, pressed by the feet- of his progenitors, — tlio land whose history was their life, whose monuments nro their powor, whose literature is their thought, whose institutions embody their wisdom and experience. I liavo seen cities which have sprung up in tho wilderness witli a wonderful rapidity, and somo of them have wealth, splendour, lefino- ment, and luxury ; but what are these capitals of yesterday to tlio one grent emporium of tho world — the seat of empire nnd tho centre of thought for all whose thoughts find their natural expression in otir conquering Anglo- Saxon ? The interests of the whole English 1-nce, with ail if has absorbed and is fast absorbing, and wherever scattered over two hemispheres in orbo ten-arum, are centered. in London. In spito of distance, nnd oven of political divisions, it is their rcnl, and only real, capital. Here is tho fccits of English history, literature, science, and arts; here tho centro of tho commerce which is civilising und subju gating tho world. London books go wherever men can read the English language ; London magazines are on the lablos of every rending- room; nnd tho Loudon newspaper is 'tho only ono which has a universal circulation. With these thoughts, ns our good ship entered the British Channel, I caught my first glimpse of tlio white dill's of Albion. From Lizard's Point to Isle of Wight I watched for the shore. There is the famed' Eddystone Lighthouse. The . Jersey Isles are dim specks on the 'southern horizon. Now tlio chalky- .cliffs are -glittering in the sun, und I would gladly pierce them with my glass for one glimpse of Osborne, the happy winter palace of England's Boyal Lady. Wns thero ever such a- voyage as this first trip up tho Channel? Down. comes a mist, nnd till ships brush by liko great birds ; you hold your breath n moment, and tliey are gone. Tlio strangely rigged pilot-boats hover round us. From one of them tho eldest son of Neptuno comes on board, and we feel safe again. Then comes a burst of sunshine, and the captain wishes lie had not been in' such a hurry to gee a pilot. Tho while cliffs, the fiolds of cmornld green, tlio lovely villas of England's fair southern shore,1 pass by like' a moving pnnoramn.: The Ohnnnclnarrows, until wo cun sob both shores.. There are tlio cliffs of Dover, and the, town -itself dying- F'niigly beneath. Thero is Sliakspero's Cliff which Wo 'hnvo pictured to our minds so often, and yonder . is tlio first old feudal enstlb we hnvo ever: seen'. It is only onco iii u lifetime the old and new enn'so ooma together.- Wo will not- linger at the quaint old tqwhs'nlong the const. We pass the Forelands ; wo nre in the Thames ! Under the light of u mellow moon w'o glide into tlio smoko und roar of tlio great City. ; So far tlio romanco of my arrival :ns .it mingled . with tlio- reality.. Our good Bliip wnrped into her dock, nnd' I sprang ashore with that appreciation of solid land which' oho always feels after a long- voyneo, heightened by tlio feeling tlint T stood' on English ground . 'and.' this, feeling, in which mingled 60; many memories of tho past, 'and bo many hopes of the futuro, I will not vouturo- to express. ; It was night, but I tvus in haste to Bee . London, and passed quickly from1- the silence niid obscurity of- the well-ordered doelt-y srd to tho noise nnd glavo'of High street, Sluidwoll, and Batclifl' Highway. The stroot is narrow and . crooked, tlio buildings black and low, the shops Bmall and crowded, the side- walks lined with small-traders all crying their wurea at the tops, of their voices, nmid tlio gleam of gas and the smoke of' torches.' Painted and bedizened women, or squalid and lnisorablo ' opes, are gathered in noisy nnd drunken crowds around, the doors of brilliant, brazen dram-shops, while sounds of music and revelry eotno.from tho dnnce-hnlls in tho l-car. Tliis'wns my first glimpse of London ; and I did not, os you may judge, clmnco upon its most reputublo locality. . llc'ality but seldom comes up to tho pictur ing of a long-oxcilcd imagination. All things .of which we have formed great expectations arc likely to disippoint us. We picluro Niugnrn a deluge rushing from tlio skies. Wo find a river pouring over a ledge of- roeks ; and we ore obliged to get rid of all our precon ceived imaginings before wo can ' enjoy iis actual grandeur. Celebrated mountains al ways look too small. Cclebrnlcd buildings seem to sln-inlt and dwarf themselves us s'c look at tlicin. The picture " in the mind's eyo? looms up nbnvo I heir diminished proportions. Tlio ocean docs not disappoint us, because wo can never sso it nil. It is as vast cs we can imagini it- ; and the ocean in a storm has nil element of terror which exceeds both our wishes and expectations. For tlio same reason, earthquake s are all wo can desire, and the tornado is as ten-iblo in its hour of wrath os imagination has ever conceived. I had formed un idea of the vastnes3 of a oily which covers sixty sqituro miles, whose oir. cu inference is a day's juunivy, whoso popula tion is eqiinl to tliut of extensive colonies and powerful slates. The size of London has not disappointed me, for the best of reasons,— I liavo novel- been able to see it nil ut once. Tliero may be times v, -ben it is all visible from' St. Paul's or tho Monument. There may live those who hnvo "seen it 'all spread out from Primrose Hill or Higligale. Iam not of the lucky number, I have seen a few square miles of blackened bricks and hideous chimney pots, and ali beyond has been an impenetrable cloud of- smoke and dust and vapours. There is room enough under this smokv canopv for tlu-ea millions of people and ull ihc grandeurs of tlio great metropolis. , -.uk if the vustnrss of London sat isfies even tne imagination, what ahull I say of it's other aspects and characteristics? In forming our idea of the great capital of the. British Empire and . of the nineteenth century, we naturally- look for models in the great cities of the pust, and the centres of other' ompircs. We cfom- ptara London, with imperial Bomoj and when wc would express in ono word the idea of her greatness,- we call her " tho Modern Babylon." It is- natural, then, thnt in trying to form an idea of London wo shouli think of that "rent -Assyrian capita), with her lofty walls, her hundred brazen gates, her magnificent palaces, and -wonderful hanging gardens. If wo reject these oriental, "and, it mnylbc, fabulous splen dours, we take ancient Homo as the model of our imagined modern great metropolis. : Eomo'.and London! in how many tilings ore they alike ! llomc, liko Lonclon, was tho centro of a vast. a.tul .powerful empire.. Home had no equal on ihc lind, no rival. on tho sea. Rome lay upon the Tiber, eioto by tho Medi- lorrnnean, as London upon tho Thames, on the borders of tho German Ocean. Rome crowned her scvon hills with temples and palaces, whoso glories flashed fur under tlioso blue nnd sunny skies. Thirtcon great uqueduets, traversing tlio Campogna on lofty arches, poured as many riieH into tho' baths and fountains of tlio Eternal Cilv, from ulioso centre radiated those great highways (if .It)''0113; cr which licr vast nrniies marched to eonqUOr v-'® world, and which have laslod two thousand years. licr noblo streets wero lined with marble edifices — lemplcs, theatres, and public ballis, for the luxurious accommodation of her vast population. Every where were to bo seen . glorious architecture, beautiful columns,- triumphal arches, and the staturs of gods and heroes. A Roman theatre could seat seventy thousand spectators. The wealth of tlio world poured into Rome, and this wealth took form of beautv and grandeur. The Thames is larger than tho Tiber. Tlio ships and steamers which crowd her waters are larger nnd moro powerful than tho galleys of Rome; and I may bo pardoned if I somehow formed the idea that a city so famed, so rich, so grcot, .so power ful, would liavo streets, squares public buildings, iroiiumonls, parks, fountains, gal-' lories, worthy of tlio capital of a great empire.. But all these ideas must bo abandoned when you pass under this smoky canopy. London1 is tho centre and expression of an empire not in tho least like Babylon or Rome. Utility, personal comfort, and cxclusiveness, are written all over Londor. Most of tlio streets are narrow, crooked, and running in every possible direction. I am not deficient in locality, and can find my way in pathless' forests j biit I have tried to walk a mile .in ono direction through tho maze of London, and after linlf an hour find myself forty rods on tho wrong side of the place of beginning. Along these narrow streets there nre hundreds of miles of plain, ugly houses, built of rough bricks of a brownish-yellow, blackened with smoke. In the moro pretentious streets tho bricks are covered with stucco, often cracked and shabby, lined, perhaps, into a sham of stone. I give the grimy honest bricks my hearty preference. "What seems very wonderful to 1110 is the fact thnt, nftcr nil experience of so many cen turies, tlio 'London bricklayer has not learned to build a chimnsy thnt will draw. In other portions of tho world one may doiibtless some- limes find a smoky chimney, ns well us a scolding wife; but hero tho'sinoky chimney, instead ol tho exception is the rule, and the chiimieys all over Lundou are lopped out with every conceivable form of excrescence thnt can givo clearness to the air within tho dwellings and ugliness without. In I ho newest as well as the oldest districts, the richest as the poorest, there is the same twisted and tangled forest of pottery, iron or zino pipes, growing out of tlio housetops.' Never was seen such a vast nnd. varied growth of sprouting ugliness. In Europo and 'Amcrica Ihcy are alike unknown ; but here in London; whether you.look from Primrose Hill or the Monument, or up at tiie palatini residences around Hyde Park, you see the samo extra ordinary ornamsntntion of blackened roofs, und hideous fringing of Hie murky horizon. The first, walk . or ride— and hero allow 1110 to recommend the front outside sent of an omnibus, with an obliging cbaohmnn — through these nnrrow, dingy, and perplexing streets, is full of tho most ciirious intorest to the newly arrived rstrangcr. Tlio names of the- streets nre those you have rend from boyhood. They; are tho .scones < of n hundred ; plays and story- books. Tho very nnnies 011 tlio signs are, familiar to you — as household words. There is n strange thrill of delighted recognition .as you . read 011 the corners, "Lombard Street,". '.'Threndiicedle Street," " Oheopsidc," whero you look round for John Gilpin. . How many horrors crowd lipou the memory ns" you "pass by Newgate and Old Bailor 1 At- my first passage thev wcro railing, off u space in the opon street, in' frout of the prison gates, within which spneo n niun was to bo hanged at an early lioiu- tlib following morning. The crowd had begun to gather! Tlio publichouses upposito wero full, and looking forward to a wholo uisht of roaring trade,, with (heir windows and roofs nil let at -.high prices, for t|io morning's .ghastly spectacle. JVb drive on down Skiimer stroot, up world-renowned Holborn Hill (" Obiiu 111," I .beg lenvo to any, is tlio popular pronunciation), '011 which eminobco slnrod wp again iii.ilio fuco from the poitico of.a templo those mystic cha racters, so widely scattered over, the earth, ''Day mid Martin." You riiltle down Regent Etreot, whose splendid shops nro not an inap propriate reminder of tho Eirst Gentleman in Europe; Pall' Moll opens" with its gloomy plub-liouso magnificence, and from famed Charing Cross you take in a view of a! strange' : .pentagon of ; incongruous .'architecture and monuments, with a iofiy Nelson pillar in' the centre,- and therefrom- called Trafalgar Square. - IVhy tlio rongh-und-ready admiral should bo mastheaded two .hundred .foot above - tho monarch?, heroes," ' and public hencfactors ' clustered around the unfinished base of this imposing column, I must leavd wiser people, ami those whoso business it is, to determine.. -So, mounting another bus, I turn eastward again,- through tho Strand. It is 11 street of l-enown. I think of nil the great men in art and literature who for thrco centuries have passed through this wonderful thoroughfare. Before ine, in tlio smoky distance, is the City of London. Behind lisa the towers of West minster. Across the Thames, here spanned by frequent bridges, is tho Borough of Southwark, on the Surrey side. "Saddle white Surrey 1" Spenser, Shakspero, Ben Jonson, Dryden, Pope, Addiscn, Johnson, Goldsmith,— a long procession,— are coming up tho street. Yonder tho Virgin Queen, surrounded by lier glittering court, is on her way to visit the Lord Mnvor ; and I can nhiiost seo tho black towers where so many noble hearts were once imprisoned, and ivhero so many noble nnd beautiful heads fell all bloody upon tho scaffold within the walls or 011 the lull outside. Ail hislorv streams beside me as I ride along on the top "of tho omnibus. It swarms down crery narrow street and juts through evoiy dark valley. Tliere, on the right, rise the lordly towers of Somerset. I liavo but just turned mv hack on Whitehall, whera fell thu head of England's Royul Martyr, The streets arc crowded with these ghosts of tho past. The iloors of these quaint old cniirohes arc filled with congregations who have been listening to Ridley and Latimer. .And now, all ghastly and grim, with dripping heads upon the pikes above it— heads of traitors blackening in the sun— rises Temple Bar. It is not iofty. It is not grand. The buildings 0:1 cither side rise above and over shadow it. But it is the quaintest, most significant, and most impressive monument in all London. Tho liberties of the City of London uro there enshrined. That old gate, swinging on its massive iron hinges, opens not'even to Royalty, but at the free will of a .0 people. Templo Bar, as it is London's most charac teristic monument, has been chosen as tho appropriate and significant name, of .London's raciest Monthly ; but I need not characterise a work whose robe of imperial purple, thrown over tlie central monument of the. central city of British civilisution, is seen and read and appreciated wherever civilisation has pene trated. 1 _ So, bowing my head as we pass under Temple Bar, ns 11 gocse bows when lie passes through a barn-door, I come to Fleet street, and am in tho city. All round cluster the publieation- ollices of world-renowned dailies, weeklies, and monthlies. Strange must bo the stranger who does not :stop n moment to look at Hunch, r ',en 1 ?'uv ''is wiae foe® If-sr, it wns 011 tlie lavthcr side of a wide ocean. Literature and law are all around me. I look up Chnnoery lane; I glance down the inn courts of the' Lemple, toward the green gardens by the river 6i(io. . , . But what is that looming in tho distance iiXo a vast shadow 011 tho smoky sky? It is the beautiful domo of St.- Paul's, seen through' the deep Tavinc of shops up Ludgnte Hill.1 Even St. Paul s, at the first sight, disappoints the spectator. It is so cribbed and confined by drapers shops, sj hustled and crowded by all tlie hosts of Mammon gathered about if, that its noble contour cannot' b'o scon, and its gicat size is not appreciated. It grows upon you liko Niugnra. leisure. What a pious'plBCe it m 'f, M in tho good old limes ! HcrsTJ""0 tJH Sow, the dark and narrow wav nf sellers. Closi bv are Creed str- i l(!B Maria lane , St. Peter's Eiil and sV'M A,B Hill are clcse at hand, and il,„ i-v street- and Bloekfriars Brid»! distent. There is no end of , 1. "t nftor tho saints, nnd of pl„CC5 wi 'e. la nations some of which are amo„! -V! " places I hare ever seen. By wi.„, = tllc <il,S less than ono' mish/cxpcnt'tr dlif if' J press the stranger in its more d,, l. 0t V regions, the elegant suburban d l?00' him another English peculiar „ , -4 wish to speak with entire respecV 1,,.. same time, with entiro freedom If', ,M|® anything- a true-born Briton lot! to take his comfort in security fr0m nV" fl sipn. Whehother pooplo eaUnd t ,!r'lr« enjoy-- themeelves m public, 1,0 will! ' strictly private. He abominates a !«£!? and would rather entni a close stuff! K-ft ?fl by himself than in tho finest sallc hf world, with people with whose so il '' ho is unucquaiuted in his vicinity, u , V it is his happiness- to bo iock'ed smallest and darkest box tlio lailwavciJ fl oati bo reduced to manufacture. S0 get half an aero of ground, with a d'tJ'PM semi-detached villa, so as to have a little lawn, shrubbery, and flowers, nnd thrco queer, little stucco figures bv statuary, his first impulse and his last 3 testament ore, that tho whole .i,,'uK surrounded by an ugly brick well tenf,! u-- Bj thickly covered with broken gins-, win, , 'B impervious to mortal vision, xiicn Job, tlH is happy. No penny of his money em ,,rH feast the eyes of his neighbours or tlicmi!"B traveller j and if any means could be fciM by which tho odouts of his flowers eonhiB kept out of tho noses of people ho . B been introduced to, his bliss would becotnifeB Villas are to bo seen, hero and there apparently, by foreign residents, witli i!fl palings, through which tho gardens difc-iB their freshness nnd beauty and fragrance. hB tlio greater part of these so built bore'bwB carefully boarded up.. Tho result is, that wB may walk for miles tlirough the niecst portiol of London between high brick walls, Ci „iMC"jB ns a prison, witli no prospect but the" Tors gH close-trimmed scrubby trees, co/jeeiicms cB oliimney-pols, and the blue sky, on those ri-l occasions foretold by Renr-Adiniril liiznilH when that remarkable phenomenon is visible/H No one can walk or ride about LosjjB without being reminded of the plm.- qB nation of shopkeepers." Most of tlc/hwB are small and crowded. Except in ibB street., all kinds arc huddled together. shops and greengrocers, butchers and bsk-H beer-shops and coffee. shops, are inlsrspcrsl with jowellers and drapers. And shops arc tB scattered all over London, that you woci whore their customers oan possibly' come fnc and you think tho London tradesmen must t near relatives to the two Yankees who, hii locked, up together for some sharp pradic mado large fortunes by swapping kniwsit jackets, during their incarceration. Singh these shops do not much impress yon; V. consider tlio aggregate ! Three millions 1 people, whoso whole business is to keep shoj und soli various commodities to their nciji hours ! There are a few, it is true, who purs somo collateral callings. There nrcbankenl furnish these shopkeepers with money, laiqi to settle their quarrels and relieve them of t superfluity of .cash, preachers to exhort tk to such honesty as tlio times will admit government officers to apportion an4cor.su their taxes, nnd others to furnish tlie a amuse thein, transport them from plui| place, nncl so on ; but all theso nre clreura'B tinl to tho great body of London 'shopleepeH who form the bulk of tlio wholo populiliifl and who mako their living by selling to < I other, counting as surplus . profits any lit» demand which may come from tho vol beside. Tho baker must have hnls, g1.cB bouts, beef; beer,' ten, siigcr ; and all whosfl these articles: must' have bread, Here political economy in a nutshell. ' SccH reformora nsk for fewer shops and WS profits ; but what matter tho number, so ihH slijivo? and what matter the rate oryxiM when there is, after all, only a geniaH excliaiige, and ono profit balances onotlisr li You may seo tlmt I was soon obfel l:H abandon the 'idea' of' a great and magiiifaB capital; witli streets niid square-- andV'jB proportionate to its grandeur. I-oodoakuB agglomeration of cities, which have bccoimcxeH by tho filling up of tho interstices. T/iercbB been no regular plan, nnd I . seo 110 poser t)H mako a chunge for .tiie better. Kn-lis.niaH liavo superstitions about private rights, tle| often stand in tlie way of pubiio improvemerlB Barliament is supremo ; but its members 11H not free from these troublesome scruples. fine public buildings are generally in where they are liiddcu fiom view, or cunuelb| scon to advantage. If tho nuiv ITou- s Parliament were in tho centre of Hyde instead of oh tho banks of tho Tlitnnca; crr'Bi St. Paul's wcro on an eminence, villi building near enough to break the view of fine proportions ; wero tho British MureumcB some open square, and tho beautiful douie e'B its unequallod reading-room elevated ante-'« oxtcrnully visible, it would be a strife ? improvement. One would liko to see c>K broad, grand street, with a corresponding rijiR of architecture, running in a straight k| from east to west through tlis twelve rsila® K London, on which her vtliolc population K assemble, and tlirough which her whole sffij KJ regulars and volunteers, miglit mnrcli, aj»b tlio millions, of ancient Rome gave a trine;- Bj or an. ovation to a returning hero, ton13 K has 110 such great avenue, and nowhere 7 K point of unity. Tho consoquenee is, that on K of. one-third, or even one- sixth its size,®!® mako n stronger individual expression. linH is 110 place 'to which tho Londoner' stranger, and soy, " Look, here is London I'erliaps tho best tiling ho can do islatrtH him to Hnmpstead Heuth 011 tho cs®-'H morning he enn .find, and say, "ffheriOM London!" and assuredly such a hive of liumanity is not ''i";'' un element of grandeur. It h pressivo in its vnsiness. Thorc is f,B W terror in tho thought of so much gatheftj liiimnn power. One shudders to think c' " H its possibilities. . H But I must leave theso general '. H the Great City, and come to a few strikiufj- curious particulars. Tito aspect of tlie p;1f:' H varies with their condition. Tlw« " conscious position, and evidence of blooD ' breeding, in the aristocrney. Tlio , busincess seem .full of a solid energy5 reliability; : Tho general characteristic of tradesman is sturdinesB and indepcuu®) Below is a class of patient, honest, ennari stragglers for a living. Theso nro redo# slraiis that newer countries know a about. ,Yico and criino and be.23;wl their classes, and largo ones. Tho vicJ . crimo of a world take refuge in London- can only wonder that tlioy are hold so ' in chock, and exist with so li'tlo sooioty. . It is a low estimate to soy that are in this city two hundred thousand ptn who nre, in one way or other, social oui -y yet London i3 scarcely cxcee'tod by any the world iu the security it oners to p and to purse. Ono of.tlio first tilings that strike a s in London is tho vast provision ina" jt supply of food and drink.. Tho food ® three millions of pooplo ovory doy is a 1 ; hot difl'ieult to estimate in figures, I out stupendous quantity of bread and .' l,.' and yegctafclos j yet it comes 111 ol 1 by day, year after year, from tho p. wators around London, and tho jj, quarters of tlio oartb. Englanr Ireland, Franco, Belgium, and R t |ti the nearest and iurgost oontributors . .)jrj Eust Indies and tho West Indie.", An . China, also send their proportions! I i u T cftii count the products ' <1.0 globe, and 1 he tea I leloin my cup weresent plStS. «.»»» point,n ?ppo;. wSuj drit»» iB not Ice9 |lhf !U1'' - Qf course tho great British ht ' Immense breweries in Lon- '» b riiubMreb, Burton-on-Trent, |.„ ltahbn, Bo )css 110,0i Bend- their vast I-j'etlitr 'or ''9 „ie, Bnd stout to London, rail out 'in morn than ten thou, " 'i limior houses, distributed m I'1' street and upon the best corners Kirlr tf(lJ The upper classes drink l'Til chieflv- bv Franco. and Spain ; |X dssses- drink malt liquors m an E ,;eEnte quantity, wlnlo the fn- I;r»oo; »PU fc of (|i0 offcBt )3 gin or I-itt l«r"n- it „0t for the thousands A?-. i10„.-c«, which are to bo c'ff'C ,mv bufinees street, whore a icil c" ; w;ih tho newspapers, can 1,0 er twopennies, I should think b" ' ii.il been a total- failure. In no BetetsI""1 " T efen w()mc„ drinking in public alIJ 1,1 no country, I am sorry to say, lhi£' ' more degrade and brutahso its hrr? London, nest to the omni- l".'1?,,.. cabs his greatest conveniences. 1\. JeTus are also the Islmiaols of Bo i There mav he countries where 3'"" „i, bare succeeded in regulating lC ml lwcventiug tricks on travel- I it b net wlierc me," pPcakuK»?1;s1'- BV -er lin« tho rules of iaro by heart, K pocket, and makes a principle of not Vstcd But a stranger, until lie 1ms S . onen to a thousand impositions. faT." d one day on Tower Hill, "Xnb for London Dock, having no Kit was seemly half a mile away, and ; „ the name of St. Fatl.er.nc s_Dock Koatr, which is close by the Tower, i-,", u the fate ? " I asked, like an _ inno- I., ocnlir.ru. "Ehteenponce, sn.d the E 1, idling iarrie. Tho waterman fastened E infd took his fee. I can imagine ES wink to the cabman. Off lie drove, Bone narrow street and down another, 1L. fin's way Slid timt, nnd driving Krecii higli walls, until with n notable flourish Eel mo ''own, and politely took his prico for Linfc— "tout twenty rods from the place Kiiin;. I found my mistake, and walked Est of the way as a penance. Bliilmris I'i'i" and strict, and cabmen are E..m-it as other people. But he docs not HL in the law, mid lias no scrnplo in dis- it, ire holds that local regulations li'sot apply tostrangcrs. London cabmen Kiiorloie students of political economy, and Ksiii ic adherents to free-trade doctrines. Hricout protection. Tlicy are down on laws Bi.iri;ul;ition of trade. Let I ho laws cf HUi- iideniantland free competition govern i, 'i'liey buy horses and oats cheap ; they not sell their sorviccs dear ? Klrzl'kas government to como between seller, or employer and labour, to miti prircs and wages ? A treble faro Kj from an ignorant or timid- traveller is Hibinnn's protest against a despotio and Beiiilic anil inconsistent government. If Hieiwcred that government: also fixes tlio Hi illornevs, the salaries of public olRcers, Bile posiugo on letters and newspapers, live to say is, so milch tho worse for a nment that cannot reduco tho tlioories of i lo practice, nor carry its own favourite las into its own operations, IVe competitive examinations for public r. One step more, and every ofiiee under Tincut will be lot out by cintinct to tlio : bidder who can give security for efllcient. t. I shall put in my bids for the post of Lord of (lie Treasury. London parks are the glory of tlio ptlis. If I pass out of a -labyrinth of dusty streets upon tho cool turf, and Ike spreading troeB of Hyde Purk or I thank God for suoh a boon- to tired Jr. Their value to London is-incsti- I appreciate and onjoy nil their ad- nnd beeiilice. It was munificont toeava ck blue sky, fresh air, grass, irccs, and -the people aud their children. But ml my eyes over theso noblo parks, I r£it where there is so much, there is ule more. There is about tliom an air vt. The art of the landscape gardener ' ling, where ho might have created a work in ty. I would have a more' varied , finer effects of trees arid shrubberies, nil rills, fountains and statues.. Where rstivly of trees and plants, evergreens is, and dowers of every season and hue, Wit make Itegont's Park a garden of i, not for the rich who . liave parks, i, and conservatories ol their own, but it body of tho people of London, who at tho solneo and refreshment suoh a HntuW air.rd ? Such parks would bo Ho London the Great, and go far to Hbafcw slight dedriencies which Ulight HLb rye of the too critical tourist. HWmt bring my long letter to a close, ML -, do so more agreeably, porhaps, r,uking of that characteristic of tlio Mich atones for all her defects, nnd Nit crowns all her glories. Since irui pontiff pronounced these Fungclic, London has been famed for Hia story and in song. She may not Hpr cities in art and architecture ; but B?-!e n"1,'". ,0 ''10 higher beauties of HR:'f - With the human beauty of Lou- , l tyrie must be satisfied. I have B? ,i",s r loveliness in other lands ; but Bill but the poorest ellipses of society, a Mad robust beauty is all but universal. N >3 filled out to its fullest compass ; Bap-exion is fair nnd rosy ; tho hair is anil abmidunt. It is a largo and goner- Jeol beauty tliat meets you overy where. . e a walk with mo through tlio squnres Sna, or let us saunter in Hydo Park at S t ?U!f or 8 t0 1110 Opera at 5 i U , 8ee "''9 sttmo beauty », so so polishod and t tlrn! «motl wi"' s"h grace and foiitl fill 'f ®Csfc Potlcnl dreams of Li,;,' , 1,y you havo never imagined aii-1 ml . ,t<; nc!0i Tho aristocracy of ."l" belter' 0 ''igher. nnd to of it« T nf oourso superior to to its citizen,. Tho English notion, aspects, tho finest in the a istocrnoy is tho best inaiked, tlm ievpln.I! "" .'rehkolli in physical and fdielH. "/' ? that the idmuiii n, i"' 'J9 ufistocrotio beaut v, die 11 P ' 8-,'!'11 bo tho fi"0St, the liintlm 9'"lrablc, and tlio most Wlhe world ? -Temple Bar. Sn'Lf CONSOIIT. — ill lie "chailb'c has tho following B kernhf t,-tl,i,nk l!>at the slaveholder ki «li»ll B 9 0 "i ignorance, if lie limi;..'0.11"11" a sh're, and tho tamo I'cii i, ai?-X mere man-macliine. 1\. 'n - f®r ®Plrlt lhan this abroad in litre h i f l rui". Consort, who scorns till ! " "PProciatod'in England till ion f " ,a wavm advocate of »'i, inn— labouring, classes.' i »m ' n l0Tr of ngri- '"liustlmfn" l' ods'OCUto of pro- lion of l'r -i eo'h had accepted C'fv nr"'0 ",0 "oyal Agri. loo, „ rj- "S'and. lie was, 110 ered giatofu'llv u '? meric'1. al,<l St so,, .\l'ulJher kind reception of 'opist, ""I. "s agriculturists and h closed ,,, "i1 reRrot9 t,lat his life so iy to ill. ,r .n,ay. oiler our sincere P'llilv fricnd"Ju.1 ' 'n ?'"! ,08a of I,or Pror and n,„ W(l3 "'deed a friend jere, r0(i n,''1"6,90?1 an f progress f 'he land wl 10 s'atesmen and ;ui.Wn to jlous of his a his life i|,„ ' . "'0 poople, to accord J"'y unite." m whioh thoy now JaS'So10.8 heavily of some raeeaili. "JluttS ''.m9 ,olcl hy "f !amt In: "Ti,n„ i 1 co<h ' yeur uncle," ?«o S'.l'h sro et«nJ.oa „»» f» tho gfand I0 to the Suliif,. ur oauatn."— '"flitn But his favouilte sul." g 'ri a at ill iin «o«ho d , J"9 he ten tue cSSrt 9n!.a «'e 