REMINISCENCES OF CAPTAIN GRONOW. (From the Athenœum.) There is a pause in all banquets when the greater speakers are silent and the best story teller has exhausted his roll, the philosopher has explained his system, the politician " said his say," to the disgust of his opponent and the recognised scandal vendor has hinted the most delicious things against his most intimate friends. Such a pause is taken advantage of by the more timid, yet not altogether inexperienced men—men of the world, too, who have encountered their perils and enjoyed their pleasures, bought their modicum of wisdom, and possess tolerably fair memories. Captain Gronow, belongs to this last class. He has not raised his voice till all the ladies and gentlemen have sunk back in silence into their chairs, and left a room full of ready listeners. Mrs. Delany has pottered and prattled through six volumes of gossip,— Cornelia Knight had prettily imparted her histories from Court,— the ghost of Mrs. Pozzi has made itself audibly repeating some of the old conceits of the living time,— and Mrs. St. George Trench has rattled with unpleasant scandal at the character of our hero, Nelson. So Mr Raikes has occupied us with incidents of the bygone time ; Abbot has brought up many a good and bad fellow of his own eventful period and Lord Auckland has gracefully told the story of his life and its labours. Many others have been their own poets, historians or eulogists; but suddenly there came a lull, and, the old stories having been thoroughly digested, a middle-aged gentleman—to put the matter of age as politely as possible-- raises his voice from the lower end of the table, with a " By-the-by, that last story reminds me of a thing or two which once happened to myself." " Who is he ?" is the immediate question of those who, not remembering the gay Captain about town, have not assumed the look and position of smiling listeners. Well, the Captain is the last of the " dandies,"— that is, of the race of tremendously fine fellows, Sir, who, a generation or so ago, never walked abroad till the world " was sufficiently aired for such nobs to appear in it." The dandies were, indeed, more than a race—-they were an institution and a system ; but the system ultimately wore itself out, and there are few even of those who remember the system who recollect much of its principal illustrations. The young men of our own time hear of Brummell, indeed, as of a man who has not lacked his vates, and to such the beau is a part of the fashionable history of England. Alvanley, however, is already but a myth ; even D'Orsay is paling before the presence of that fastest of gentlemen, the " edax- rerum"— Time. Who now cares for Red- herring Beauchamp ? Petersham and his incomprehensible coats have passed into oblivion. Bacchus Lascelles, a jolly fellow rather than a dandy perhaps is remembered over the country of the Bramham Park hounds and the York and Ansty. But who knows or cares about Kangaroo Cook? Is Poodle Byng a loving reminiscence of London life ? Can any one be found solicitous concerning the saying and doings of Chin Bailey, or anxious as to which side of the Stygian ferry has the advantage of the glittering and audacious presence of little Tommy Garth ? Of this once famous brotherhood, Captain Gronow was a member, and is now a survivor. His portrait—a dandy, in a tight coat, with fur collar, trousers sloped away over the instep, and so closely strapped beneath that one might suppose there was some fear, otherwise, of the soles of his boots sticking in the London mud—used to figure in Humphrey's shop in St. James'-street, amid a gallery of men whose counterfeit presentments were all wonderfully true, with a dash of caricature such as gave delight to their intimate acquaintances, and made every man appear as the sublimation of tight-stayed insanity. In this fraternity, the Captain held a modest position ; but he has held on and held out longer than many a more Herculean-built dandy. Sat superstes ! may be his com- plaisant remark as he glanced at himself in his mirror. His old French contem- porary, Duke Pasquier, is gone, but the Captain may console himself with a salute a noi !—and if he has to remember that he was not the greatest of the great leaders of the dandies, he may find balm in Gilead by muttering the old charm— implying that if he was not actually the roses he had, at least, lived in close proximity to it. Left thus alone, Capt Gronow looks through his breakfast-room window, and in dressing-gown and slippers, talks in an easy, broken, amusing, drawing, stupid, yet not altogether unpleasant way to the loiterers who care to listen to him. He was a " fellow" who in 1813, went from the Eton playground to the passage of the Bidossoa—the school- boy being converted into a Guardsman. Many other lads accompanied him in the roll of whose names he had forgotten to place that of William Lane Fox, who though he never wrote a book, used to pleasantly describe his unutterable surprise. " By George, Sir !" at the distinct difference between the manner of life in Bond street and on the banks of the Bidassoa. Not one of these officers was, in the slightest degree, trained for military duties Of the latter they knew nothing, but they had the simple qualification of bravery. In all other respects, the British army was officered, and effectually officered, by the sergeants ; but the officers themselves were very much in the sergeants' way. The Captain was of the army which entered the South of France in 1813, to re- place that Bourbon legitimacy which the man-annihilating system of Imperial glory rendered acceptable to the people at large. But the army was an invading one, and not always so acceptable as the change wrought by its means. Here is a scene at St. Jean de Luz .— " The mayor of the town, thinking to please 'the great English lord,' gave a ball at the Hotel de Ville ; our Commander-in- Chief did not go, but was represented by Waters. I was there, and expected to see some of the young ladies of the country so famed for their beauty ; they were, however, far too patriotic to appear, and the only lady present was Lady Waldegrave, then living with her husband at headquarters. What was one partner among so many ? The ball was a dead failure, in spite of the efforts of the mayor, who danced, to our intense amusement, an English hornpipe, which he had learnt in not a very agreeable manner, viz, when a prisoner of war in the hulks at Plymouth." Captain Gronow marched to Bordeaux, came thence to England, and in 1814 was again quartered in London, where " Almack's" was the dear delight of the " quality," but so exclusive that " of the three hundred officers of the Foot Guards not more than half a dozen were honoured with vouchers of admission to this exclusive temple of the beau monde." Into that temple, in 1815, Lady Jersey introduced a new dance from Paris :— " I recollect the first persons who formed the very first quadrille that was ever danced at Almack's ; they were Lady Jersey, Lady Harriett Butler, Lady Susan Ryde, and Miss Montgomery; the men being the Count St. Aldegonde, Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Montague, and Charles Standish. The " mazy waltz" was also brought to us about this time ; but there was comparatively few who at first ventured to whirl round the saloons of Almack's ; in course of time Lord Palmerston might, however, have been seen describing an infinite number of circles with Madame de Lieven. Baron de Neumann was frequently seen perpetually turning with the Princess Esterhazy; and, in course of time, the waltzing mania, having turned the heads of society generally, descended to their feet, and the waltz was practised in the morning in certain noble mansions in London with unparalleled assiduity." A subsequent story which the Captain tells corrects the narrative of an important incident in the life of Brummell :— " Brummell warmly espoused the cause of Mrs. Fitzherbert, and this of course offended the Prince of Wales. I refer to the period when his Royal Highness had abandoned that beautiful woman for another favourite. Then a coldness sprang up between the Prince and his protege ; and finally, the mirror of fashion was excluded from the royal presence. A curious accident brought Brummell again to the dinner table of his royal patron. He was asked one night at White's to take a hand at whist, when he won from George Harley Drummond £20,000. This circumstance having been related by the Duke of York to the Prince of Wales, the beau was again invited to Carlton House. At the commencement of the dinner matters went off smoothly ; but Brummell, in his joy at finding himself with his old friend, became excited, and drank too much wine. His Royal Highness— who wanted to pay off Brummell for an insult he had received at Lady Cholmondeley's ball, when the beau turning towards the Prince, said to Lady Worcester, ' Who is your fat friend ;— had invited him to dinner merely out of a desire for revenge. The Prince therefore pretended to be affronted with Brummell's hilarity, and said to his brother, the Duke of York, who was present, 'I think we had better order Mr. Brummell's carriage before he gets drunk.' Whereupon he rang the bell, and Brummell left the royal presence. This circumstance originated the story about the beau having told the Prince to ring the bell. I received these details from the late General Sir Arthur Upton, who was present at the dinner." Those were the days of hard drinkers. Lord Eldon, with a digestion applied to his favorite dinner of liver and bacon, with much attendant liquid, and a couple of bottles of port wine after it, was often thick in speech at night, and self-doubtful of judgment in the morning. But there were greater men than Agamemnon, even in Agamemnon's time; the captain re- members two—"old Welsh friends, who used each of them to dispose of five bottles daily"—in 1815 ! Amid all this tripping it and tippling it, came the news—as John remarked when his brother Richard had escaped from Dur- renstein—that " the devil was loose!" Napoleon was at Cannes, then at Paris, lying in the well-aired sheets of the Bourbons, in whose behalf the Guards were once more summoned to the fray. The then young Gronow was hard put to it to get his outfit in a hurry ; but the dandy of these days, if he had not money, had resources. He borrowed, £200, took the cash to a gambling house, won £600 more and therewith rushed to battle, be-tailored, be perfumed, be toiletted, and generally provided for as became a man who lived under the Regency, and was called to hold up a king of the red-heeled and pigeon- winged dynasty of Versailles. This work took our warrior through Waterloo to Paris. There, the follies, the ignorance, the conceits, the arrogance, the ruffianism—not of the clever, easy King Louis the Eighteenth, but of the Ministers and priests whom he could not control had rendered a return to the sanguinary but glorious exactions of Bonopartism welcome. Of the English soldiers and officers in Paris, the Captain speaks in high terms ; of the Prussians quite differently : but the latter had to pay a debt of vengeance. In Berlin the French had behaved rather as savages than as soldiers who have no quarrel with citizens. The Prussians remembered these atrocities, and took revenge wherever they found opportunity. Indeed, Blucher would have destroyed the city itself, if he could have his own way; but his hand was stayed by Wellington, as it was about to fire .on. the the train that was to blow up the bridge of Jena. To this first restraining movement on the part of the English general, the Parisians were indebted for their own personal safety and the preservation of their city. They would do well, and act justly if on this point their memories were more active and grateful. Notwithstanding this fact notwithstanding that our officers and generals united to rescue Imperial victims from Bourbon vengeance, the British were as often insulted in Paris as the Prussians, or even as the Russians, whose rank and file, at least, were as uncivilised in their acts as any of the "Turcos" whom the third Napoleon took into Italy to make an end of the wounded. Yet it must be said that these insults were not made on " personal" grounds. They resulted from a natural, yet illogical, feeling on the part of the Bonapartist officer at the sight of an invader by whose means the whole Imperial system had lost its glory and had come to grief. In no case of the many quarrels and duels which followed was an English officer ever the aggressor. In many cases he was now and then too patient; but the patience of the bravest has its limit :— " Our countrymen in general were very pacific ; but the most awkward customer the French ever came across was my fellow-countryman the late gallant Colonel Sir Charles S——, of the Engineers, who was ready for them with anything : sword, pistols, sabre, or fists—he was good at all; and though never seeking a quarrel, he would not put up with the slightest insult. He killed three Frenchmen in Paris, in quarrels forced upon him. I remember, in October, 1815, being asked by a friend to dine at Beauvillier's in the Rue Richelieu, when Sir Charles S——, who was well known to us, occupied a table at the farther end of the room. About the middle of the dinner we heard a most extraordinary noise, and, on looking up, perceived that it arose from S——'s table; he was engaged in beating the head of a smartly dressed gentleman with one of the long French loaves so well known to all who have visited France. Upon asking the reason of such rude treatment on the part of our countrymen, he said he would serve all Frenchmen in the same manner if they insulted him. The offence, it seems, proceeded from the person who had just been chastised in so summary a manner. He had stared and laughed at S——in a rude way for having ordered three bottles of wine to be placed on his table. The upshot of all this was a duel, which took place next day at a place near Vincennes, and in which S——shot the unfortunate jester. When Sir Charles returned to Valenciennes, where he commanded the engineers, he found on his arrival a French officer waiting to avenge the death of his relation, who had only been shot ten days before at Vincennes. They accordingly fought, before S—— had time even to shave himself or eat his breakfast ; he having only just arrived in his coupe from Paris, the meeting took place in the fosse of the fortress, and the first shot from S——'s pistol killed the French officer, who had actually travelled in the diligence from Paris for the purpose, as he boasted to his fellow-travellers, of killing an Englishman." If any one be ever tempted to publish a second edition of Dr. Millengen's History of Duelling, he will find in these pages many a new illustration of that savage folly. In giving these details, the author sometimes gives the names of the parties in full, at others he furnishes only the initials. For what reason he adopts this arbitrary system we cannot conjecture. Brummel, who declared that his blacking was made with the best champagne, was envious of the superior polish exhibited by the famous Colonel Kelly, who was indeed a dandy of the dandies.— " He was a thin, emaciated-looking dandy, but had all bearing of the gentleman. He was haughty in the extreme, and very fond of dress ; his boots were so well varnished that the polish now in use could not surpass Kelly's blacking in brilliancy ; his pantaloons were made of the finest leather, and his coats were inimitable ; in short, his dress was considered perfect. His sister held the place of house- keeper to the Custom-house, and when it was burnt down Kelly was burnt with it, in endeavoring to save his favorite boots. When the news of his horrible death became known, all the dandies were anxious to secure the services of his valet, who possessed the mystery of the inimitable blacking. Brummel lost no time in discovering his place of residence, and asked what wages he required the servant answered his late master gave him £150 a-year, but it was not enough for his talents, and he should require £200 ; upon which Brum- mell said, "Well, if you will make it guineas, I shall be happy to attend upon you." The late Lord Plymouth eventually secured this phoenix of valets at £200 a- year, and bore away the sovereignty of boots." 