-THE PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN v.i- ? ?? ? , BEDE. ? .!.. ? ; ,,;., Br Divine Gbaoe and Favor of the Holt Apostolic See, Archbishop op Sydney A^D Metropolitan, to the faithpdl of the dlooese, being the ; . : Second for theLbnt op the Year 1862. , r' As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.' — Joshua, 24. Dearly Beloved Children in Jesus Christ, ? — In the Pastoral Letter addressed to you at ;,the beginning of this Holy Season, I spoke to you with all earnestness of the absolute ne cessity of the domestic Christian Education of your children, of the principal means of realiz ing that education, either by yourselves or with the aid of others, and of the supreme influence of your own example in the sight of your ehil dren, either for good, or, which God forbid, for evil. Thanks and praise to the God of all mercies, I have heard that much good has re sulted from what He himself put into our heart to say to you. He has glorified His own name and work, and pour out upon His unworthy ?ervant an abundant consolation. Now, in that former letter, we contemplated 4he«instruction given by parents, and the effect of their example, in reference to the children severally ; in this second, which I am en . couraged to address to you, I propose to speak of the united action of a Catholic family, as a family. The family community is the founda tion and the security of all communities, and must be regenerated, sanctified, as such. All Christians have one grand interest and rela tionship in common, but the members of a .private Christian family have besides this a ..peculiar, mutual, action of thought and habit amongst themselves, such as exists nowhere .? else. They have, moreover, a thousand petty .-.»?. '?trials' of temper, and crossings of convenience ; ;nand taste, a thousand occasions, that is, when -there must be either murmurings and evil V temper, or else, cheerful self- denial, mutual ac . '- commodation, and the sterling love that comes ! of little daily bits of self sacrifice for the love vj land honour of our dear Lord and Saviour. ..'? .Mutual help towards all good thoughts and deeds . there may doubtless be in abundance, but there ,' ''. ?will.certainly be mutual trials. 'Now, how are '?'?' these trials to be converted into triumphs, \- ''? . xtemptations to sin , made to produce' fruits of i ; -/sanctity ? How is the mere family of nature to ]. .become the family of grace ? '?'???? ' r. This, then, is our problem, how to regenerate '?:?''?'?* family. I answer, mainly, by prayer. By '.;??: sprayer; not individual solitary prayer, the per , r aonal tribute each one owes his Creator, but by a return. to the practice which formerly prevailed ' '' everywhere, all the members of a family as ; ' ?sembling at least once in each day, with one : r: iheart and mouth, to praise and glorify God, and , v .,-, thtis to have part in the promise made by our .... Saviour, ' when two or three are gathered to gather in my name, there I am in the midst of '? :them.' Thus domestic prayer takes its place -;,';bet ween that which each one pours forth in se r, s.oretfor his own individual wants — and the '?'. .Bolerau public prayer, which we offer when we 1? assemble in the house of God to celebrate the 1 adorable sacrifice. .' i And, indeed, besides that Everlasting. Priest .'?': hood,* which has been constituted according to .' the Order of Melchisedech, to offer sacrifice, and that Kingly Priesthood, f by which each of the '? iaithful is consecrated to immolate his affections ?; ,toGod'onthe Altar of his own heart — there is -., ; a third Priesthood, which, after the example of ' holy Job, is appointed in each family, to offer lip,, each morning and evening, the sacrifice of prayer, lest by#in, the displeasure of God may iiave been incurred ; and we see how the do mestic hearth, as it is called, has been deemed a holy thing,.and how nations have been called to defend it.j even as something as sacred as the Temple of God. — 'We, in these days, can. not conceive this — we are apt to smile, and to look upon this idea as belonging to ages of darkness and of superstition. Alas, for the decay of piety and of faith I The neglect of family Srayer has been followed by the omission of in ividual prayer — and in the absence of prayer — the barrier against evil is broken down, and a deluge of sin is poured forth. Prayer which is the natural language of man — the creature of wants and helplessness — prayer cherishes meek ness and gentleness — prayer teaches humility and forbearance, forgiveness of injuries, and all that tends to hnmanize and to ennoble — these are the effects even of that prayer which rises in secret to our Heavenly Father! surely, they are not made less, when prayer receives that : especial grace which flows from union. Oh ! ? : that we could see those happj- days revive: — in ?which each Christian house was a Temple of God —wherein fathers, mothers, children presi fled over, it may be —by the Venerable Patriarch, ?; to whom it was given to see the second and third generation, all on bended knees, offered up their tribute of prayer and praise, which ascended in the sight of God, and diffused around the fra grance of holiness — the hours of labour are closed — the shades of night speak of the time of repose— the family assembles as a matter of course, from the head white with aga, to the little one whose ambition it is to i-'»in his scarcely ' intelligible accents in the common response. In '? the presence of Him, wbo-ne form on the Cross is in itself a volume of instruction, the liead of the family invokes the Saints of God, implores the Virgin Mother of Jesus, and the 'mired sup plication of all is made, that they will pray and intevo de for them. And prayers foilow, the Tery sound of which conveys a salutary inflti ence to the soil. With one voice is repeated the prayer of prayer, in which we acknowledge our offences before our heavenly Father, even as we bave been taught by His Blessed Son. All the great truths of our holy faith embodied : in the evening exercise, and pronounced in the presence of God, cannot fail to produce an im : pression on the soul. And now (he hour of prayer has passed, a lesson from the Catechism, Scripture, or aome other good book is read for the : common edification. Then each child with; reverence approaches its parents to receive on bended knee the father's and the mother's blessing, - a treasure which the well taught Christian child will prize beyond untold gold. And now, let me ask, if this holy custom of domestic praver. even onlv once in the dav. were generally observed, would not. an almost miraculous change follow? Imagine each house, in each town, village, or station, to be thus sanctified by daily family prayer and instruction, and what glorious consequences to religion would result, not to religion alone, but to society — to the members of the family itself. The fact is, where there is the spirit of prayer, there is the presence of Jesus Christ. He has declared, that whore two or three are gathered together in his name, there He is in the midst of them. This is the case where there is family prayer. It neeessarily brings with it all the habits of a Christian life ; it in some sort guarantees the observance of Christian duties. We cannot imagine the father of a family, who each Bay assembles bis children for prayer, to be other than an example to them in the frequentation of the Sacraments, in attending to Mass, in assisting at the offices of the Church. We cannot imagine such a father to be addicted to swearing, drunkenness, or other eross vices — nor the mother to be neglectful of her house hold duties — to be other, in short, than meek and gentle in her house. And how can the children be other than virtuous, with such examples before them ? It is true an error may be committed; human frailty may show itself, but the hour of prayer will prove to be the remedy. How vividly will the fault present itself in the very examination of conscience ; and how then could the child, wilfully dis obedient, present itself for a blessing— pardon not asked, and the fault persisted in ? Public family prayer is a mutual pledge and guarantee for holiness of life ; you may err, but you will never fall into that indifference, or habitude of sinning, which is the general cause of ruin to Christians living in the -world. And, let ns not be turned aside from adopting this most salutary practice, from ah apprehen sion of what others may gay — they may turii us into ridicule — be it so. Happy are they who suffer something for conscience-sake— but it will not be so; The good effects will be too pereep tible in the order, comfort, and well-being of all the members of the family. Parents will re ceive, due respect from their children, will eon fide in each other ; kindness and gentleness will characterize those who govern, submission and fidelity, the governed. These are the blessed fruits of family prayer.; and the good example will be followed—other families will adopt the same practice, and then a whole neighbourhood will become reformed and sanctified. . i It depends on you, dearly .beloved, to realize these immense advantages — blessed be God! we rejoice in . hundreds, nay thousands of holy faithful souls, whose most ardent desire fe to propagate the kingdom of God, and to contri bute to the salvation of souls. Let then, the fathers of families, p* mothers,- brothers, sisters, masters, mistresses, servants— without, how ever, using any compulsion to those who are not of the true faith— let all be emulous to com mence, ai d set the good example, it will soon spread, and soon, believe me, its blessed effects will be' perceived. Now is the Holy season of Lent — you feel, all do, a desire to amend your lives,' and to adopt some practice of devotion; make at least a trial during Lent, of the means we have proposed as of efficacy in bringing peace and grace to your homes. — Sure I am, that, after having once experienced the advan tages and consolations of united family prayer, you will never relinquish the practice. It may consist of the Litany of Jesus, or of the blessed Virgin, or of the Saints with the examination of conscience, and the other prayers usually re cited in the Cathedral, with a decade of the Bosary. The prayers should be preceded or followed by a short lecture from Holy Scripture, or some of the spiritual books mentioned in our former Pastoral, and by the singing of a hymn — some one of the beautiful hymns contained in the little book used at the Evening Services of Sfc. Mary's. Many of. you remember what I have said, in the preface to that collection, of the happy effects of the union of Christian voices in singing Christian hymns. Sing then, if possible ; if not, let the hymn be at least at tentively read — and thus by prayer and praise, let your day be ended. I should desire, also to see the old custom of blessing prevail again, I should say, ?' Children, never retire to re3t without having received, on your knees, your parent's blessing.' 'Parents, deem the right of extending your hands over your children in blessing and prayer — your most precious pri vilege.' Alas, bow few have deemed of this as ft is represented to us in the traditionary custom of the Christian Church — as it is spoken of in the Sacred Scriptures. Surely it must be that faith in the realities of the unseen world, in the Divine origin of all human duties, in the Divine image that is to be- fouud in all human relations, , is less 6t*ong and direct than it was when the gracious custom we speak of was a matter of course, and to be refused his father's blessing was one of the weightiest admonitions and punishments that a child could receive. . . There is in Holy Scripture no lack of guidance and encouragement on this head. ♦' The father's blessing established the houses of childrdn.1'— Eccle , 3. 11. ?'Honour thy father in work and word and all patience, that a blessing may come upon thee, and his blessing may remain in the latter end.'— Eccle., 3. 9. 14 God Almighty bless thee, and give the bless ings of Abraham tp thee and to thy seed after thee.'— Genesis, 28. 3. 'Hast thou Only one blessing my fatber? I beseach thee bless me also,' — Genesis, 27\. 35. ' Laban arose and kissed bis sons and daughters and blessed them.'— Genesis, 31. 55. , i ' These things their father spoke to them and ,, ha blessed -eVery; oner jrjtth ; ftrtijr proper ' Tho blessings of thy father are strengthened with the blessings of his fathers.'— Genesis, ? 49.26. So much for the Holy Spirit as disclosed in the Scriptures. I have one other important subject on which I would speak to you with the most affectionate importunity. It; is the duty of Paschal com munion. The Church, impressed with the solemn declaration of her Lord — ' Except you eat the flesh of the Son of msn, and drink his blood, you shall not have life in you.'— John, 6\. 54-— has laid down the rule, that every Christian who has arrived at years of discretion shall receive Holy Communion every year, at least at Paschal time. This is the rule enjoined upon you by that authority of whom our Savour said— 'He that heareth you heareth Me,' — and it has been accompanied by a caution, and a severity such as the Church rarely exhibits. Whosoever does not make his confession at least once in the year, and receive Holy Communion at the Paschal season, unless his confessor shall have seen good reason to delay it for a time, is liable to be excluded from the Church whilst living, and when dead to be deprived of Christian burial. But, Dearly Beloved, 1 am loth to speak to you words of warning alone on. such a subject. I would far rather that the love of our Saviour should con strain you. And when should this love be more keen, more- constraining, than at the glorious Easter tide, when you are celebrating his resur rection, after dwelling on the memory of His bitter passion and death.. He is man as well as God, and he wishes to draw you with the cords of love. What more, He says, could I do for you than I have done — ' Do this in remembrance of me.' ^ Surely all the strength of natural affection, in those who have truly a human heart within them, as well as every movement of bu pernatural grace/ must urge you to comply with this request. He, who, from indifference and lukewarmness, goes on from month to montn, and year to year, despising the Sacrament by his neglect, if indeed there be such an one, can scarcely look on himself as a Christian. He who clings to some besetting sin, and so goes on from year to year heaping scorn and insult on the love of his Saviour, how can he account of himself but as of one standing before the xace oi neaven, detying at once the gentleness of God's mercy, and the awfulness of His threatenings. I fear much there be some who think of the neglect of Paschal communion, as if it were what they consider only a sin of omis sion. But are there not cases in which to omit what one should do is, really to commit a most positive crime ? Let such bethink them selves that there is no neutral ground for a Christian man's conscience in this matter. Here, if anywhere, the warning of Jesus holds — 'He who is not with me is against me.' Between worship and contempt lies your choice, there is no mean. Either you receive from Him 'the bread of angels, the pledge of your future glory, the means of your present salvation, or, you rank with the unblest crowd of the. indifferent, the sensual, the blas phemers, who stood about the cross on. Calvary, and gazed in carelessness or in hate. But let .us* not contemplate any one's abiding in the way of destruction. Let us all hope and pray, that all-will come, that the long estranged will rouse thair courage, and abandon their sin. One good resolution', and then 'come; stay not for unworthi ness and weakness how great soever. Come in the sincerity of the moment, and trust that. your Lord's grace will sustain you against the sinfal habit that is in you. Come honestly, trustingly, with your best effort, and then be sure that if you should fall, you will be raised again. Only, if you would be strong, never stay away from the source of strength ; if you would be pardoned for sin, and cleansed from sinfuluess, do not hide yourselves from the Precious Blood — '? Cojne unto me all ye that labour, and are burdened, and I will refresh you.' — Matthew, 11. 28. ' If your sins be as scarlet, they shall be made as white as. snow : and if they bo red as crimson, they shall be white as wool.'—- Isaias, 1. 18. Lastly, to you, Dearly Beloved, to whom the Paschal Communion is the crown of many other communio is, who come His usual guests, butas on a day of high festivity — to you I say, remember that your Lord having now ' ascended on high1' gives ' gifts unto men.' The conqueror scatters his gifts. Ask then what you know He desires to give you, and you shall surely receive. His life in your souls and bodies is the ordinary effect of His Body and Blood ; bat ask now, as you well may, other graces according to your necessities, for yourselves, and for those whom you love. Ask especially the grace of contri tion for all who have hitherto neglected the Paschal Communion. And ask also the grace of perseverance, if you have resolved, as I trust you have, to continue, or to begin, the holy custom of family prayer., 'Omne datum optimum et donum perfectum, desursum est.' ?? Every best gift, and every perfect gift, is from above.' ' . .-..;; ; . . ' May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.' \+ JOHN BEDE, ??..'? Archbishop of Sydney. Feast of the Annunciation, A.D., 1862. Australian Catholic Tjsachhrs' Asso ciation.— The usual monthly meeting of the Aus tralian Catholic Teachei'a Association waB held on Saturday, at three o'clock; in the school-room of St.^ Benedict's— Mr. O'D. Malotaey in the chair. In 'pursuance of a notice of motion by Mr. Carroll at the last meeting, a resolution was brought for ward by that gentleman to the effect, that a copy of tht work entitled 'Papers for SchoolmasterB' lie provided by the Society for the ute of iU mtmberi. A long discussion then took place on the question;; and iU further, consideration was ultimately ad journed until tht next day of meeting, ibe first .SfttuTdayanMay. ;.;.;;?.:-.? ?i-^'-'-: ?'-?''?? ^--f-- 1 ;. 