SYDNEY CITY MISSION. A PUBLIC MEETING was held in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, yesterday evening, for the purpose of establishing a City Mission on the basis of the London City Mission. The large hall was crowded in every part, and a considerable proportion of the audience was composed of ladies. On the platform we observed the Hon. A McArthur, M. L. C. ; the Hon G. Allen, M. L. C.; Dr. Douglass; Mr. Caldwell, M. L. A .; the Rev. Messrs J. E. Veitch, B. A ., J Full ton, LL. D., S Iron- side, P. P. Agnew, S. Humphries, G. H. Stanley, M. A., Adam Thomson, S. C. Kent, T. Smith, R. Johnson, R. Eartlry, J. Voller, J. B. McCure ; Mr. Justice Wise, Mr. E. Joy, Mr. B. Short, and other gentlemen. On the motion of Mr. Justice Wise, the Hon. John Campbell, was placed in the chair. The proceedings were com- menced by the Rev. Mr. Veitch offering prayer. The Chairman then rose and said he regretted very much that there was not a more able man in the chair, for he must confess the he knew very little of the demoralisation of the people of Sydney. He understood, however, from his friends, that there was a very great deal of immorality prevailing in the city. He took a great deal of interest in his native city, and exceedingly regretted that there was a necessity for such a meeting, to establish such a society in the city. There were a great many clergymen present, and one would imagine that, with what they got by the voluntary system and what they got by State-aid, there would be sufficient ministers to meet the wants of all classes of the community ; but he understood it was impossible for the clergymen to attend to their own respective duties and supply the spiritual wants of the poorer people, and therefore it was necessary to have some person or persons specially set apart for the work. The City Mission of London had been the means of doing a vast amount of good. The population of London was so vast that it was no wonder a city mission was required for it. But in this city the population was so small, compared with that of London, that one would think there would be no necessity for it here. Some persons in the richer class in Sydney were always talking about the immorality of the lower classes. Now he should not mince matters, but say that a good deal of the immorality that prevailed was on account of the bad example set by some of those who belonged to the richer class. (Hear, hear.) Let them set a good example, or how could they blame those who were following their example. They should remember the parable of the rich man and Lazarus. He saw that the rich man was punished hereafter, not for the harm that he had done - for he lived in luxury, and got his dinner in first-rate style - (laughter) - and he saw no harm in that, but he was punished for not doing good. (Hear, hear.) He was told the other day of the immorality of some of the rich men of the city, and he was astonished. For himself he did no go about much, and therefore did not know so much as those who were more about the city. The clergymen on the platform would be better able to ex- plain the object of the meeting than he could, and he had no doubt that the meeting would coincide with the project. He dared say that the establishment of such a mission would be the means of doing great good. When he looked at the amount of money spent in the country in suppressing and punishing crime, he felt sure that the money would be far better laid out in educating the people. (Cheers.) Mr. B. Short was then called on, and he proceeded to read the following: - STATEMENT "The want of a City Mission in Sydney having been deeply im- pressed on the minds of various individuals, at their instance several conferences have been recently held in relation to the subject, attended by the following ministers and laymen :- Revs. Thomas Smith, S. C. Kent, T. Johnson, J. Eggleson, J. E. Vetch, A. Manton, S. Rabone, S. Ironside, Dr. Fullerton, James Voller, Adam Thomson, J. B. McCure, Dr. Lang, W. Ridley, John Dougall, J. Watkin, W. Allworth, R. Hartley, R. Moneyment, A. Buzacott, P. P. Agnew, James Milne, W. McIntyre, J. Reid, G. Nairn, Dr. Neild, John Caldwell. Esq., M. L. A., and Messrs. Edward Jov, David Jones, Thomas Cowlishaw, J. McDonald, Stephen Goold, Samuel Goold, Thomas Ireland, A. B. Armstrong, E. Robinson, G. Winter, R. J. Horniman, G. K. Oliver, B. Short. " At the first of these conferences the following statement was read by Mr. B. Short :— " ' Christian friends,— We have called you together because we desire to submit for your serious consideration the question, ' Is it not desirable that there be established in Sydney a City Mission, Somewhat similar in character to the London City Mission ?' " ' Our souls have been stirred within us, as we have observed the moral and spiritual state of a large portion of the inhabitants of this city, and we are persuaded there can be few disciples of our Lord and Saviour who will not sympathise with us in the feeling that there is needed a continued and united effort of the Christian Church that may tell upon the thousands of souls passing on to eternity "'We feel that something must be done, and that the Christian Churches of Sydney cannot be held guiltless if they neglect to stretch out a helping hand to rescue those who are perishing around them. " ' The kind of effort in which we ask your co-operation is not a novelty in the history of Christian work, but has been tried under such circumstances of difficulty opposing, and of success resulting, as to put doubt as to its feasibility altogether out of question. ' ' The London City Mission has been in existence upwards of a quarter of a century, and although, at first, few expected great results, and many derided the plan as worse than useless, it is now universally confessed that hardly any other agency has been found so efficient for the moral and spiritual elevation of the masses. Christians of various denominations have united in this grand enterprise, designed to shed upon the dark corners of the British metropolis the light of gospel truth, and by sending into its crowded streets and alleys the am- bassadors of the cross of Jesus. Other towns in Britain have fol- lowed the example of London ; in Manchester a similar mission has existed more than twenty years, and in the mother country this agency is now recognised in every populous district as a necessity. ' "In conclusion, it may be interesting to state a few particulars as to the work of the London City Mission. " The committee is composed of ministers and laymen belonging to various denominations, its object being to lead souls to Christ, without any concern whatever as to which section of the Church of Christ the person benefited shall become connected with ; and so important is this considered by the committee, that if a mis- sionary attempts to prejudice the individual in favour of any particular place of worship, other than the nearest to which he resides, where the truths of the gospel are proclaimed, he is removed to another district, and if the offence is repeated, how- ever pious a man, he is at once dismissed. " Each missionary works under a district superintendent ap- pointed by the committee, being either the minister of the nearest Evangelical place of worship, or some other earnest Christian inte- rested in the mission, whose duty it is to overlook, to assist, and encourage the agent, receive his monthly report, and present it to the committee , so that the missionary has only — after his ap- pointment—to do with his superintendent, or with the committee through him. " The society's agents are required to spend thirty six hours each week in domiciliary visitation. To pay special regard to the sick and dying. To see the Scriptures distributed, to give way ap- proved religious tracts, to hold Bible classes and meetings for ex- plaining the Scriptures, to hold out-door services, to seek to rescue fallen women, and, by all suitable means, to promote the present and everlasting welfare of the degraded and outcast. "A reference to the society's report for 1861 states that the so- ciety had then employed 389 missionaries, who in twelve months reported:—1,815,332 visits paid , 11,458 copies of the Scriptures distributed, 2,721,738 religious tracts given away, 41,777 meet- ings for explaining the Scriptures and Bible classes held , 4489 out-door services conducted, 1535 persons became communicants, 307 backsliders restored to communion, 681 families induced to commence family prayer, 1230 drunkards reclaimed, 361 unmarried couples induced to marry , 681 fallen females admitted to asylums, restored to their homes or otherwise rescued , 212 shops closed on the Lord's Day , 10,158 children sent to schools , 7383 death beds of adults visited of whom 1796 were visited by no other Christian than the mis- sionary, while the report of the Manchester City Mission for 1860 states that of 2108 deathbeds visited by their 88 agents, 1105 were visited by no other Christian than the missionary. " We see no reason why a similar agency should not he attended in Sydney with proportionate results, and an effort which shall unite for the benefit of our fellow citizens the churches of Christ in this city cannot but have a reflex influence for good on these churches themselves. " The proposal for establishing a City Mission was unanimously approved, and rules were prepared as a proposed constitution, which will be submitted to this meeting. " The Rev S. C. KENT rose and said the resolution which he had to move was as follows:—"That the spiritual condition of a large portion of the inhabitants of this city renders the establishment of a City Mission in Sydney highly desirable." He thought the chairman would pardon him if, before entering upon his address—which would be very short—if he ventured to say a word in reference to what fell from his (the chairman's) lips. He was exceedingly anxious that during the meeting there should not be one word said about State-aid or the Voluntary system. They must not discuss their different systems of religion, nor their different modes of sup- porting those systems. They had been called to the meeting on account of a great religious need in the city, and because they felt that they had found a Saviour who was able to save the poor, the vicious, and the destitute, and because they wished to send to that class the glorious gospel of the blessed God. There were some people in the city who did not feel that the mission was necessary. He had recently read a letter in one of the daily papers in which the writer expressed his opinion that a city mission was unneces- sary. The writer represented that ministers of religion as sitting in carpeted rooms talking about the spiritual destitution of the city, but without making any attempt to lift a finger to help. He (Mr. Kent) might be considered a fool in his boasting , but month after month passed without his having the privilege of sitting down of an evening to enjoy himself with his wife and family. He was at a meeting of the present kind, or in Sussex-street, or some- where else. The writer of the letter alluded to also objected to ministers riding in omnibuses. (Laughter.) Now, he often found after speaking at a public meeting, that he had to walk home in consequence of being too late for an omnibus, but it an omnibus was going his way he could not see why he should not ride in it. (Hear, hear. ) For the benefit of that gentleman and others of simi- lar opinion, he would relate an anecdote of the Rev. Rowland Hill. It happened that when the rev. gentleman grew infirm by reason of age, he was unable to walk, and was, consequently, obliged to use his carriage when going to preach ; he must either ride or stay at home. On one occasion some person was scandalised by seeing the preacher riding in his carriage, and wrote him—not a letter with his signature appended, in an open and manly way— but a thing which we call an anonymous letter, and left it in a pulpit which Rowland Hill was to preach. When the old gentleman went into the pulpit he saw the letter and read it. After doing so he said, " If the donkey who wrote this letter will come into the vestry ready bridled and saddled, after I have done, I will ride him home instead of going home in my carriage." (Laughter) He did feel that in the city of Sydney there was great need for the mission they were about to form. He would ask this question, " Who were the men who were seeking to es- tablish the Mission? ' Were they not the earnest men of the city who were working in every direction for the physical, intellectual, moral, and spiritual improvement of the people ? When coming into that hall he was met by an earnest layman who was working zealously him- self, and was anxious to see others engaged also. He said that if he (Mr. Kent) could induce any gentleman to engage to support a city missionary, male or female, he would himself undertake to pay for a female missionary. He (the gentleman in question) did not want any one to work for him while he sat still, but to work with him, and he felt that all earnest men and women must feel the same, each doing his or her utmost to advance the interests of morality and religion in his or her particular sphere. They had read of what had been done in the cities of the Fatherland, and that should be an inducement to them to go and do likewise. On last Tuesday evening he met 250 persons of the very lowest class in the city-most of them boys They got them together to show them pictures, but when they got them assembled they had something to tell them as well. If the present meeting could have looked upon that assemblage of boys, with their wretched fathers and mothers, he was quite sure they would hold up their hands for the resolu- tion which he had read, when it was put to them,-that they would put their hands in their pockets, and when taken out they would not be empty, in order to send to them the Gospel of Him who remembered the forgotten and relieved the destitute. It would be necessary, for the work proposed to be done, to to have agents who were suited to the work—for they did not mean to make the institution a refuge for the destitute. They did not want agents who had failed in every thing they had undertaken, nor did they want broken down parsons. They wanted men who had love for Christ, and love for souls - men who were exceedingly difficult to get, but who, he believed, could be got in answer to prayer, and by proper effort. They must be men who were able to speak the truth in any place, who were acquainted with the class whom they wished to benefit, and who could find their way into their hearts. It would be necessary also to have female agents to go to try and reclaim the fallen and depraved of their sex. Such women were very difficult to get, but he did not despair of getting them if they took the proper course. Another thing he was anxious to see was some agency for spreading the knowledge of the Gospel among the Jewish portion of the community. We had received from the Jews some precious documents which they were in-spired to write, but we had done very little for the enlightenment of the descendants of those men. He happened to know a young man, a converted Jew, who would be most happy to go among his brethren as a missionary, to speak to them about Jesus. He hoped that they would be enabled to send a suitable man as city missionary to the vicious of the city, a godly woman to the fallen women, and a missionary to the Jews, and then they would have cause to bless God that the thought of the work was ever put into their hearts. As they had already learned, they proposed that the society should be strictly catholic. Whatever we might be outside the walls of the committee rooms, when once there we are not Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Wesleyans, or Baptists, but Christians. (Hear hear, and cheers.) He had heard of the school teacher who taught the three R's, " reading, 'riting, and 'rithmetic "- (Laughter) - we propose to teach three R's—Ruin by the fall, Redemption by the Cross, and Regenera- tion by the Holy Ghost (Hear, hear.) We send our agents forth with the Word of God in their mouths, because we believe it was the power of God to sal- vation to every one that believed. They occupied the position of trustees, enjoying the blessing of the Gospel themselves ; but they were not to keep it in their own hearts, but to communicate it to others, and in proportion as they distributed it to others they would enjoy it themselves. Large success had been realised in other places, and in proportion to their popula- tion, if they were earnest, success would follow. They raised large sums or money to send missionaries to the hea- then, and should allow outcasts of the city to say in the Day of Judgment, "You sent the Gospel to the heathen in distant lands , but you neglected us." They should not be content to assist in supporting a City mis- sionary, but they should go themselves among the denizens of the lanes and alleys of the city - it would go them good. They would learn, many a precious lesson ; they would get much valu- able instruction, and God would write his truth upon their hearts with a freshness which they could not anticipate "If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn unto death, and those that are ready to be slain , if thou sayest, Behold we knew it not, doth not he that pondereth the heart consider it?" He had much pleasure in moving the resolution. (Cheers) Mr. Justice WISE said that what they had heard from the Rev. Mr. Kent had sufficiently enlightened them upon the object of the meeting, so that it was not necessary for him to go into detail. And what was left unsaid would be filled up by those who were to follow him. He (Mr. Wise) must differ with Mr. Kent in his remarks with regard to obtaining substitutes. For himself, whatever his desire to take part in the work in question, the nature of his duties would preclude him doing so, and doubtless there were others in a similar position. He for one, therefore, should like to have a substitute. He was quite sure, however, that everyone might do something in his particular sphere, either by direction or by prayer, especially to the desti- tute class in this city. The causes of so much immorality were, perhaps, more numerous and more peculiar in this city than any other in the world. Many who were educated in their youth had come here, failed, and sunk down through drunkenness, or through succumbing to some other temptation. It was desirable that all classes, clergymen and laymen, should join in the movement about to be made for the amelioration of the condition of the poor of the city. The chairman said be knew but little of the immo- rality prevalent in the city. In so doing he had indicated one of the good results likely to follow the establishment of a City Mission. It would disclose to the upper classes the evils which their example produced, and it would show to the middle classes the good that they might do. They would see the evils, and then could be prepared with a remedy—for if the evils were not known they would never find remedies. (Hear, hear) He had often thought that in a passage in the Proverbs there was more than at first sight appeared—" There is much good in the tillage of the poor," and he thought it was very applicable to the object they had in view. Let them go amongst them, see the wretched homes in which they herd together, and rejoice when they saw the germs of good, or when they were enabled to fan the flames of Christianity. He hid had many opportunities of obtaining information of the state of the city, and from his observations and the facts frequently before him—from a case that came be- fore him that day—it made one's blood run cold to think that such things were going on in the city. It was well that they should grapple with the evil, not by temporary relief - leave that to others—but to go among them with good experience, with love and sympathy, to show them that they were not forgotten and neglected here—showing that there was kindness shown to them in this life and hope for the next. He had recently read a book on the life of the Rev. John Clay, a worthy member of the Church of England who for thirty-six years had devoted his life to the welfare of the prisoners in Preston Gaol. His efforts were attended with marvellous success, and he had been the means of changing the character of many of the prisons in England. All his life that good man had been surrounded by the greatest criminals among mankind, and at the end of his career he said he could not have carried out his work but for a belief that even among that class there were some who could be brought back and made humble penitents, and this belief had been strengthened by experience. One of his cardinal rules was expressed in the following extract :— " We are most usefully occupied in the attempt to bring within the general pale of Christianity the great numbers who are wandering without any guiding principle whatever. We leave to others the endeavour to lead or drive any within the pale already from one compartment of it to another, which they may consider safer." The causes of evil were numerous. There was the common liability to sin in which all shared. Then in this colony there were the remains of that state of things which per- tained to the early history of the colony, and which it would take years to efface. Among the remnants of the class alluded to the police found their greatest difficulties. They had power, means, and influence ; they got young girls and corrupted them to an extent which was incredible. Then there were other causes The population of the city had been doubled within the last ten or fifteen years; wealth in the hands of those who had not been accustomed to it, had been a fruitful source of evil. Want of house accommodation among the poorer people had also been a great source or demoralisation. Chlldren were accustomed to see things which they should never see—they had prematurely become adults, and the task of inculcating virtue to such was a doubly difficult one to the Christian teacher. The impossibility of the clergy reaching the poor in their homes, rendered it necessary that such a mission as that which had been so successful in Manchester, Bristol, and other towns in the fatherland, should be established here. The assemblage to-night proved the necessity of such a mission. We had children, brothers and sisters, and such a mission would tend to reduce the number of temptations. Were the first missionaries that Jesus Christ sent forth academics ? St. Paul certainly was learned in the law, but who were the others ? Fishermen - men who knew the wants of their class, and who could sympathise with them. One other circumstance he would mention. Five years ago, there was no church near the spot where St. Barnabus' Church has since been erected, and now that church, holding 500 or 600 people, was always full on the Sabbath, and the schools were full also. And so they would always find it. He had men- tioned some of these matters as they occurred to his mind, and had so shown the reason why he had come forward to second the resolution. (Applause.) The Rev J. VOLLER supported the resolution, and in doing so expressed his regret at the absence of the Rev. Mr. Eggleston, whose position he was about to occupy, and remarked that he had never risen to support a resolution with greater cordiality than he did on that occasion. The object was so thoroughly good, that it had taken a deep hold of his sympathies, and he was persuaded that it would also take a deep hold of the sympathies of all the Christian people in this city. There was a peculiar feature of interest connected with this meeting, in the fact that it was to inaugurate a new movement - it was to set on root an additional moral machinery destined to bless the present and the future of our fellow men. There was always a pleasure in celebrating the success of an established institution, there was a gratification in finding that our efforts had actually succeeded, but there was a pecu- liar pleasure attached to the commencement of a new movement of the success of which we had no kind of doubt, because it was a sign of progress in the right direction ; and we had, in addition to this joy in witnessing progress, the anticipatory joy in the success which we might confidently look for. In the present instance the pleasure was enhanced by the fact that this was one of several valuable movements that had recently been started in Sydney. There was the Ragged School, which promised to be one of the most useful and blessed institutions in Sydney, and which must elicit and share the sympathies of the Christian public ; and he understood too, that every Lord's Day, morning and evening, outcasts were gathered in that hall, and if they were not clothed, at all events, they were fed, and not merely with the bread which perisheth, but with the bread of everlasting life (Cheers.) There were many reproaches that had been cast at Christianity from time to time, which were not worthy of notice, but there had been one reproach that Christians had done too much to deserve - that was, for the comparative neglect of those who constituted the lower strata of society. (Hear, hear ) We must take to ourselves shame for having acted as though there was no such injunction in the New Testament or Jesus Christ as, " Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate." The Church had not, as it ought to have done, answered the command or our Divine Master—" Go out into the highways and hedges and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled." (Hear, hear) Most of all, had we seemed too obli- vious of that beautiful living example which Carist [sic] set who " though He was rich, yet for our sakes He became poor, that we through His poverty might become rich," and "who took upon Him the form of a servant," and that while He did not despise any He was especially the friend of outcasts and of those in the lowest state of society. But he was happy to think that in modern times that reproach had become less and less deserved The efforts that were being now made at home were calculated to remove that reproach,and to make the class of people, for the promotion of whose interests we were now met, feel that the Church was alive, and that its heart palpitates with sympathy towards them, and that it was determined to do all it possibly could for their good. And, thanks to the Father of Lights and to the Eternal Spirit - these efforts had net been in vain, but there could be no doubt that multi- tudes now in Heaven had been drawn out of these depths of wretchedness, and that hundreds and thousands were following with faith and patience finally to be partakers of the eternal glory (Cheers.) While, however, we might feel in- tensely gratified at the step that had now been taken with regard to its relation to society, it would well become us not to exaggerate its importance. We must not think too highly of it, lest our sympathies should be benumbed and be insensible to the great amount of work yet to be done. Intrinsically, the value of this movement in relation to society was not to be computed, com- paratively, it was of little extent in reference to the great work to be accomplished. It seemed to resemble the work of a labourer's spade in a mighty forest, covered with brushwood and the growth of years, that labourer could do little unless he should be supplemented by more efficient machinery ; that brushwood would still grow, and those gigantic trees would continue to wave their branches, bidding defiance to the efforts of those who went forth to sow seed. A city mission in Sydney would do immense, in- calculable good, but it was not all that was required to grapple with the astounding evil that met us even in this city. Our com- mencement would be small but we must not despise the day or small things. On the establishment of a new movement there were great difficulties to be encountered , it required considerable argumentation to convince people of its utility, then a great deal had to be done to enlist sympathies on its behalf, and then you had to persuade people that success was certain. But with regard to the present move- ment there could be no doubt as to the ultimate success. It would be impossible, if this work were begun and carried through in the spirit of Christ, that it should be other- wise than successful. He looked with the profoundest interest upon the starting of the first city missionary, upon the first lesson that he gave, on the first soul that he addressed in the name of his Master ; as his labours would alter the moral balance of the universe for good, for ever. It was not too much to expect that before twelve months had rolled over us some would have passed from time to eternity who had been reached through the agencies of this institution who otherwise might have sunk into the lowest hell, but who would deck the crown of Christ with everlasting glory. (Cheers.) We were sure that many a widow's heart would be made glad, that many an orphan would be blessed, that many a drunkard would be reclaimed, that many a wretched home would be made happy ; that some poor aban- doned females who had departed from the path of virtue would be brought in and found like Mary sitting at the feet of Jesus. From his heart he wished the society God speed. It was very neces- sary that the agents employed should be men filled with the Holy Ghost, and with faith. (Hear, hear ) And he would call upon those who desired to see this institution prosper to implore the God of Grace that He would send forth the agents of His own choosing to scatter the seeds of eternal truth. (Cheers ) The CHAIRMAN, desired in reference to a remark made by the Rev. S. C Kent, to state that he was one of the last who would wish to introduce politics on such an occasion as that. All he wanted in his opening address to express was, his astonishment at seeing, while there were so many clergymen of all denomina- tions in Sydney, that there were not sufficient to look after the morality of the people, but that there required the establishment of a City Mission. The resolution was then put to the meeting, and unanimously adopted. The Rev. S. IRONSIDE, in rifling to move the second resolution, expressed his hearty good will towards and his intense interest in the institution they were met to inaugurate. He had long desired to see some concentrated efforts put forth and brought to bear on the spiritual destitution of the masses of this city, and now that the thing had assumed something like a practicable shape, he re- joiced in it with all his heart. He was glad to think that so many humanising and Christianising efforts would be made, and would take the opportunity of bearing testimony to the labours of the Rev. Mr. Pidgeon, who was doing all in his power in this good work. He also rejoiced that this society was to have a broad catholic platform, and would conclude by moving that the following rules form the constitution of the Sydney City Mission : " I. That this society be called the Sydney City Mission. " II. The design of this society is to promote the extension of Evangelic religion, without reference to denominational dis- tinctions. " III. To effect this object, missionaries of approved character and qualifications, who shall give themselves to the work, shall be employed and paid by the institution. Their duty shall be to visit from house to house in the respective districts that shall be assigned to them, read the Scriptures, engage in religious con- versation, and urge those who are living in the neglect of religion to observe the Sabbath, and to attend public worship ; they shall also, as far as possible, see that all persons possess the Scriptures, shall distribute approved religious tracts, and aid in obtaining Scriptural education for the children of the poor. By the approval of the committee, they shall hold meetings for rending and expounding the Scriptures and prayer, and shall adopt such other means as the committee may think necessary for the accomplishment of the mission. " IV. — No person shall be recognised as an office-bearer, or member of committee, or be employed as a salaried agent of the Society, but such as furnish evidence of personal piety, and believe in the divine authority of the Scriptures, and hold the doctrines of the Unity of the Godhead, the Deity of Christ, the Deity and Personality of the Holy Ghost, the total depravity of man, salvation through the atonement of Christ, and the renew- ing of the Holy Ghost, the obligation resting on all men to repent and believe the Gospel, and the necessity of holiness as an evi- dence of union with the Saviour. " V. — The business of the Sydney City Mission shall be con- ducted by a committee, consisting of not less than twenty-four ministers and members of evangelical denominations only, each denomination to be represented, if practicable. All ministers of evangelical denominations (being members of the society), the treasurer, and secretary, shall be members of the committee, ex officio. " VI. — Persons subscribing £1 annually ; or every donor of £10 ; an executor, on the payment of a legacy of £50 and up- wards ; and ministers, as representatives of their congregations, who subscribe or collect for the mission the sum of £5 annually, shall be members of this institution. " VII — A general meeting shall be held annually in May (and oftener, if necessary), to appoint the office-bearers, and receive a report of the proceedings of the mission, and of the state of the funds. All matters proposed shall be determined by a majority of the members present. The meeting shall be opened and con- cluded by prayer, and the president for the day shall sign the minutes of the proceedings. " VIII — The funds of the mission arising from donations, legacies, subscriptions, collections. &c; , shall be expended, under the direction of the committee, upon the salaries of missionaries, and in meeting all necessary charges in conducting the business of the mission. " IX — That no alteration be made in this constitution except at the annual meeting, due notice having been given in writing of the proposed amendment at least twenty-one days previous to such alteration. The Rev. A. THOMSON, in seconding the resolution, remarked that so far from it being likely that doubts would exist as to the necessity of an institution of this kind, the only wonder was that it had not been in operation long ago. He knew enough of the state of Sydney to be convinced that there was a large portion of our population living in a state of practical heathenism. (Hear, hear.) Now, that fact alone made out a case for immediate and earnest Christian action. What were we to do ? Were we to look on with our hands folded ' Should we say with Cain, " Am l my brother's keeper?" Should we let our fellow-beings perish? God forbid! It was not sufficient to say that there were churches open in all directions and that the people might come in. But the classes in question did not come, and would not come, and if the gospel, with its saving influence, was to reach them at all, it must be carried to their houses. (Hear, hear.) Nor must we rely on mere stray individual effort in such a case as this ; we needed a well equipped organisation, which would bring the spirit of our collective Christianity into continued and earnest contact with the spiritual destitution of the city, and with the various prevailing forms of irreligion and of vice. For this, nothing was so well adapted as the City Mission, which was the grand desideratum for meeting the requirements for such spiritual destitution as prevailed in a city like this. The rev. gentleman proceeded to dwell upon the importance of the movement now originated and the happy effect, it would have if earnestly prosecuted, on the spiritual destitution of Sydney. The resolution was then put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. The REV. THOMAS SMITH moved the following resolution, "That this meeting, recognising the importance of such an institution as eminently fitted by the Divine blessing to promote the glory of God and the salvation of souls, cordially pledges itself to do every thing in its power to sustain its efficiency." The scheme of a city mission he said had been already tried and succeeded, as was abundantly shown by the report which had been read by Mr Short. In that report it was recorded that in one year in London, 1,815,000 visitations were made to the class of persons whom this society was intended to benefit ; that 11,000 copies of the scriptures had been distributed ; that 41,000 meetings had been held for the purpose of expounding the gospel of Christ ; that 3000 dying men and women had been consoled in the hour of death, and led to look on Him who died for all. (Cheers.) Who could read or hear such facts as these without feeling the benefits of such an agency, and without crying out from the heart, God bless the City Mission ! (Cheers ) When he (Mr. Smith) was asked if he could join in the support of the scheme of a city mission, he said at once em- phatically "Yes. " (Cheers.) He said "Yes" because all that he had in the knowledge and love of God ; all the best aspirations that sprung from his heart he owed to the labours of a city mis- sionary. It was by this instrumentality that he himself had been rescued. When some seven years ago he was a scoffer and blasphemer, by God's mercy he was overtaken by the exhorta- tion of a city missionary, and brought into knowledge of the way of live.[sic] He had gone to scoff, but he remained to pray— (cheers)— and God in love to his soul had rescued him from the eternal ruin into which he had been rushing headlong. (Cheers.) Step by step he had gone on since till he found himself at length a minister of the Episcopal Church—(cheers)— a humble and devoted labourer in the vineyard of the Lord. Owing all this, as he repeated, to the City Mission, was it not natural that he should welcome the establishment of a City Mission here. (Cheers.) He did rejoice that the scheme was to be brought into requisition, and he hoped and believed that the most blessed results would attend it. (Cheers.) The reverend gentleman then went on to describe in glowing language the vast benefits which had been wrought out by the City Mission in England, alluding to particular instances in which individuals had been reclaimed from evil courses by their agency, eulogising the broad Catholic basis on which they stood, and concluding in earnest exhortation, with the hope that this institution would prove the salvation of many souls, and act as the all-saving touch that should bring thousands into the knowledge and love of that Sa- viour who shed his blood that man might not perish, but have everlasting life. (Applause.) Mr CALDWELL seconded the resolution, expressing the deep feeling of pleasure he experienced at seeing so many persons pre- sent. He had no fear of the result, for City Missions were no longer a matter of speculation. Already the agency had been tried, and he felt that the warmest thanks of the public were due to Mr Pidgeon for what he had accom- plished in this city. (Cheers.) This society, however, would have a more extensive character, and extend over a wider field. (Cheers.) He (Mr Caldwell) was glad to see so many ladies present, and he must say that the previous speakers had hardly done the ladies jnstice [sic]. The ladies already supported a mission- ary, and he hoped ere long to see the number of these mission- aries increased, that they would be counted not by ones or twos but by twenties. (Cheers.) He believed this movement had arisen out of the Ragged School, and Sunday Break- fast movements, and he had no doubt that in the hands of the zealous men he saw around him, it would, under the blessing of God achieve much for the benefit of immortal souls. He trusted it would prosper, and so far as he was concerned, he should always feel happy in giving it all the assistance in his power. (Cheers.) The resolution was then put from the chair, and passed unani- mously amidst much applause. Mr. EDWARD JOY moved the fourth resolution, as follows :- " That the following gentlemen be the committee for the ensuing year The Rev. T Smith, Rev. J. Eggleston, Rev. Dr. Lang, Rev. S. C. Kent, Rev. R. Hartley, Rev. W. Allworth, Rev. Dr. Fullerton, Rev. James Voller, Rev. Adam Thomson, Rev. J. B. McCure, Rev. J. Manton, Rev. J. E. Veitch, Rev. P. P. Agnew, Rev. W. McIntyre, Rev. N. Pigeon, Rev. J. Sullivan, Messrs. A. McArthur, Thomas Holt, M.L.A., J. Caldwell, Justice Wise, John Fairfax, Edward Joy, T. Richardson, R. J. Horniman, Stephen Goold, T. B. Rolin, G. K. Oliver, B. Short, and G. H. Goodlet." This, he said, was one of the most delightful meetings he ever attended. He had no doubt in his own mind that this society would effect a great reformation if carried on, as he felt it would be, by earnest prayerful men and women, who had the good of their fellow creatures at heart. The work so well commenced by Mr Pidgeon was as yet but in its infancy ; and so far from feeling jealousy on account of the Ragged School, he felt that there was no agency that would do more to promote the object of the ragged schools than this very institution of a City Mission. The Rev. Mr. AGNEW seconded the resolution, pointing out the great necessity which existed for establishing such a work, and describing in affecting terms, the result of his own experi- ence of the spiritual destitution that exists in the city and its neighbourhood. The CHAIRMAN, in putting the resolution, excused himself from being named on the committee, alleging that he had so many committees to attend that he could not consent to act. The resolution was put, and carried unanimously, amidst ap- plause. On the motion of Mr A. McArthur, M. L. A. (who made a promise to subscribe £25 or £50 a year to the funds of the so- ciety, conditional that nineteen other gentlemen did the same), a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Campbell for presiding, and having been conveyed to that gentleman by the Hon. George Allen, M.L.C., the proceedings closed with the doxology and the benediction, pronounced by the Rev. John Reid. A collection, amounting to several pounds, was made as the audience left the Hall. 