and An eloquent speaker it too frequently like a river, greatest at the meutli. POUTE WAT OF IMPEACHING A Gtsrumt'a VEUACTTT.—Sir, yon tdl a telegram PuGNOoairHT.—There ig a Jasjr fellow up North who spells Tennessee, 10 s. c.—AVJT York Paper. It Is in vuin for a speaker to bring his hearers to bis own conclusion! when they are impatient for that of his ipeech. Let any lady paint who diooset. If she r&itet; * hue upon her cheek, that's no reason you ahould raise a hue and ciy, A QCAIKT AKTITOESH.—" Charity," «ay« FOLIA., "has been well expressed by the eoibtan elf a asked child piling honey to a bee without wiags: only, I would have one thing added, namely, holding » whip In die other band, to drive away the drones." No FATTT AT ALL!—A dealer having sold Brown a horse, which tamed eat to be blind. Brown old. on next meeting the hemtst tnuier," Why, yem told me the horse ted no fault, and be is blind of one eye!" " All right!" was tbe cool reply; « blindness is not a fault—only a misfortune." CHCRCW BOIUXNG AT PJSCOUAK EXPQOB.—A liberal brewer has built a church at his sole expaise, but unfortunately the stone engraver cut the stone, which was to immortalise the brewer's name, with—" Built by , at hit Souft rttx ism " BuiMrr. A SKII.I, AMEMCAW WAS.—AA enraged parent had jerked his provoking son across hit knee, and with great vehemence was operating on the ** soft, safe place" of the urchin'« person, when the young one ing into the parental logs with hit Tenoroouj little teeth. "Hollo! what're ye bitin' me for!" exclaimed the Cither. " Well, dad, who beginned this 'ere war!" retorted tbe urchin .— AM r i c B H Paper. GOOD AUD I!J. FOKTCKG. Uood fortunequite a ficklemiss is, And iu aa place win never stay; tbe hair from off thy face with kisses, She strokes nnd thai As flies away Misfortune to her heart, however. To elttp thee tightly ne'er omitt; She says she's in a harry, never. Sits down beside tby bed and knits. A country editor In America, in alluding to a rival town, ays that "St takes several of their pigs to pull up a Made of grsts; and they are so poor that the foremost seizes the spear in hit mouth, tbe balance having taken each other by the tail, when they all give a poll, a strong poll, and a pull altogether—and if it breaks, the whole tumble to the ground, for want of sufficient strength to support themselves. It takes three or four to make a shadow." COCBTEST IK THE AMERICAN CQXGBESS.—One day Mr. Idlrin, of Fayette couuty, was addressing tbe House. Not hearing his remarks with sufficient distinctness, the member, from Westphalia, turning abruptly to Mr, Labia, exclaimed, " Speak louder! louder! louder!" Mr, Lakiti turned hit mild eye on the intruder, and remarked with a dis- hall, " I thought the ears of the gentleman from Westphalia were long enough to bear the faintest whisper!" Mr. Ijakin would have resumed his remarks at once, but a wave of cachinnatory sound coming up from all parts ol t ! ie House disturbed for some time the regular order of business. RATHER SEVERE OS THE FACCLTV.—The principal avenue leading to Detroit has a toll-gate near the Elmwood Cemetery road. As tbe cemetery w&t; laid out some time previous to the construction of the planked road, it was made one of the conditions of the company's charter that all funeral processions should go back and forth free. One day, as Doctor Price, a celebrated physician. stopped to pay his toll, he remarked to the gatekeeper—" Contidering the benevolent character of our profession, I thiak you ought to let as pass free of charge." " No, no, doctor," the keeper readily replied, "we couldn't afford that. You send too many dead heads through hate at it is!" Tliedoclor paid hit toll, and never asked any ftvour after that. A SUSSEX Sroov.—A story is told o( a Southdown man who did not know either bis own name or that of the village in which he resided, and who was obliged to be " axed agin" before the requisite answer could be elicited. A person bad been deputed to inquire for " Mr. 1'ocock, of Alcisbm," and, meeting a labourer sear the place in question, be asked him if he could point out the residence of tbe individual. "Noa," was the reply j "never heard on him, and don't know no ticli place." It afterwards turned out that the quettumet waa no other tlian the desiderated " Mr. 1'ocock" himself! " Why," said be, when tbe true nature of the inquiry dawned upon bim, "you should ha' axed for Master Palk of Alison."—Old Speech and Mann trt in Suaex iy Af. A. Lower. PATEKMAL ADVICB,—" Ven you arrive at the dignity of sawln" wood, Ijiyfiijttte," said an old German to hit Ma—" that is, if you is elerated to that 'ere profettion, mind an alwayt taw the big. gest fust, 'cause 'vy? You'll only have (he little 'uns to saw ven you gets tuckered sut. Ven you eats pie, as I hopes you may, if yon lives to be a man, always eat the crust fait, 'cause the crust ain't a good thing to to? with, 'specially if it's tough and thick ss sole leather. Veo yoU piles up wood, always put the big 'unt to the bottomalways, Larlkyctte, 'cause it's mighty bard exercise to lift W to the top of tbe pile. These are tbe results of hobswvatiou, lay&yette;, an' may be depended oni an' it's all for your good that I say it.' " Vy, father," responded young hopeful," vot a normous 'sperienoe you must a had!" SWKDEKBOM AMD His SPIBITS.—As Swedenborg *M crossing tbe river Malar in company with some ladies, he began, as usual, holding conversations with nobody, " Why, Mr. Swedenborg, what we you chattering about?" aikedoae of the party. "Silenoo, WOUMS! I am holding conversation with my spirits," Hie lady was not" that up" in that manner. "Spirits! why bow many have you on board the boat?" *' Twelve, madam, wbo never leave me," and he angrily tamed his back on the inquirer. The two girlt wbo were rowing the boat exelianpod glances. On landing, Swedsnbocg profiered a coin in payment. " Thirteen marks, if you please, sir—not one stiver lets." " And why, prsvf" remonstrated he. "Did rounot say,sir, you had twelve spirits on board? Are we poor girls to pull them over for nothing?" The visionary, wbo feared neither ghost nor devil, paid down the fare demanded, sooner than encounter the clatter of two women's tongue*. 