ITALIAN RAILWAYS. (From the limes Correspondent.) Ancona, November ll. I HATE just witnessed two brilliant victories ob tained for the benefit of the Italian cause, and theso are the achievements, not of regular troops or volunteers, but of warriors with the pickaxe and spade, of engineers who direct, and the capitalists who pay for their work. I hate at- tended the " inauguration," or solemn opening of the Milan and Piacenza Railway, and of thal between Bologna and Ancona. This latter ie an exploit of general European interest. It es- tablishes the easiest communication between the Atlantic and the Adriatic ; it opens the shortest route for the overland mail; and will be thc beaten track for English travellers on their way to. tho EB st, even beforotho tunnel across Mourn Genis bas stripped the Alps of all their wintei terrors. For tho Italians, it unites the two sons, brings Genoa into contact with ' Ancona, Rimini, and in a few monthawith'Ràvehna,wait- ing for the day which is td'.résoue Venico from Austrian thraldom, and it extends, railway 'traffic over at least half the length of tho penin ' sular. From the roof of thépAlps ;'at:.Susa tc tho Adriatic board at Ancona, there iisj now ar unbroken lino of 502 kilometres, -reckoning 59 from Susa to Turin ; 01 between -Turin'and Alossandria, 07 between Alessandria'[ and Piacenza, and finally 861 from the , latter place to ... Ancona. Another :. route not. much longer may bo followed from . Susa to Turin and Milan, and from Milan ovoi the line which was opened on Saturday last to Piaconz«. The journey along this traci is 017 kilometres ;, say, Susa to Turin, 53 ; ¡tc Milan, 143; to Piacenza, 70 ; tb which must be addod 351, the .distance, as wo havo.seoD, from Piacenza to Ancona. .,'[.. .? Tho lino between Bologna and Ancona has boen constructed by the so-called Roman com- pany, of which M. Salamanca is the, hoad.. This compony bad ome to on agreement with the Papal Government, by virtue of which they were bound to complete this and o th r Roman lines within 10 years from tho dato of the grant ; that is, on or before the' year' 1806. The jEtnilii was lost to the Papal Govern- ment in 1850, and the Marches wore wrested front thc , same hands in October,' 1800. Tho Italian Government carno to terms with the same company to have the works done, first from Bologna to its own frontier at La Cattolica, near Rimini,'then, lipon the removal of %that boun lary, all tho way to Ancona. The bargain was only Struck in October, 1800, and tho com- pany engaged to have the line ready for tho 1st of January, 1802. The bankruptcy of M. Mires, with, whom the Salamanca firm had large con- nections, caused a three months' suspension of the works.' Nevertheless, we were yesterday, on ' the 10th of November-moro than fifty days before tho. stipulated timo able to open the line, a lino SOO kilometres in length, from Bologna to Ancona which has .thus been begun and1 ended in much less than a twelvemonth. Suoh, a degree of . efficiency has that samo Roman company- at- tained in tho hands of a Government which was in roal earnest about railways, which com- municated some of its own enorgy.'to the con- tractors, and spared nf» sacrifico to onablo these latter to outdo themselves in its service. Tho opening ceremony'may dosorvea descrip- tion. The King left 'Turin on Saturday, at 13 o'clock, and travolled to Milan in less than three hours. At about three he openod. tho new lino from Milan 'ta Molo'gnano, Lodi, Codogno, and across the Po to Piacenza; the samo night hp slcptat Bologna, and on Sunday morning] ho left tho latter place soonaftor seven, and, after a stay of an hour at Rimini, reached Ancona at four in tho afternoon. A large corlcyp of members of; tho Italian Parliament,' Ministers, diplomatists, arid officers cf tho.; Royal' household, .at tori dod the King of Italy .in hts progress, and 'nothing was spared which could give splendour and solemnity to tho ceremony. There woro heavy rains oil tho way from Turin tb Milan on Saturday, . and again from .Milan . to Piaoonza and Bologna. The plain was mostly under wator, and those inexhaustibly rich/flats about Lodi arid Codogni, monotonous and. un- interesting at tho best of times, did not cer- tainly look to1 ndvantago when Boen from the ' [platforms of unfinished stations, with the ground L torn up far and wide, tho plain all slush and I miro, tho rivers and canals lazily flooding over rank meadows, and brown, stubby rioc-fields. 1 '< Days follow, howovor, without resembling oaoh 1 other; "-a most Mossed sunny morning groefid 1 the Royal party, as they.quitted tho station at 1 Bologna oarly on tho Sunday. The dampnoss and gloom, and almost tho cold of wintor, have already settled on tho valloy of tho Po ; but tho 1 \ ¿Emilia basks still in tho mild autumn.roy's, and ' rogulhr summer heat oomr oiled ¡us to throw nfl" pur... wrappings .in tho.Mu_rchost I t ta judi jil sucii weather as'tlils that, this region .'shawg fótíli tn Its groateBt glory. ¡Tlióí irtS^waó/pad^liiqlf, .is it falls bunk from tho lino of thq Po«,follows Tho bunt of tho recoding Apcnninoa. nnd-by im Tpqriíoptltiló^deg'rcea V^^tX^wiayà'^Wèc-io itfc C .'' ' ' " ' , ^.1'W skirts, turoB to trie east and' south till it fae the sea between Cesena and .Rimini, then j ir it at tho foot of the-hills: ot La Cattolic ' and never again quitá it till.it roaches Anconi The iKmilis, a perfect lovel- front Tiacons to Bologna, narrows rapidly . SB,'ifs ' stream: ceasing to bo tributaries to the main rivé: end their course in the ssa; ..The hills loo moro and more at hand, their ridges mot distinct and -.salient,., and, although Faenz .and Forli still lie low, Cesena towers loftil on its castle-crowned steep ; ' Saut' Arcángel looks down' from its high platform, an Rimini, whose, walls rise \ close upon th shallow shore, fills up nearly the whol ground between the. sea and the first mout tain border. Beyond this, again, the .hill range ending at La Cattolica stretches acros the plain, and when you have left the ol Roman Rubicon - frontier, and issue forth fror under tho Cattolica gorge through a 700-metre tunnel, you tramp upon the'sand and almos splash in tho waves pf tho sea along a narroi strip of land allowing hardly room enough fo the rails,: and hero'and there the old road be tween the beach and tho smooth and easy slop of the richly-cultivated, gently swelling lands What a road if is,' aûd what a country Always in 3igbt of the mountain- chain, a the ""opening of 7 a "hundred ~valleys;~cloB by the walls of, I had 'almost said, a! hufodre u towns-towns, at all events, at barely te: i or twelve miles' interval, it presents a scries c , views of surpassing liveliness.- Those autum tints so fresh and vivid, those deep, brow: furrows so straight and neat, a cultivation s highly finished and thorough;' so many ga villas, so many convents perched on the lovel est spots on the hill summits; and the' walle cities, with crumbling turrets and battlemeote bastions,-that endless variety of objects whirl past you as your ongino draws you along at th usual sober Italian railway pace, and allow yon to dwell at sufficient length upon each scorn and to enjoy the ; incessant change withou ono moment of fatigue, weariness, o impatience ' Really, every ' new . part c Italy a man .visits is "always, the mot beautiful. You have hardly done admiring on region boforo you fall into raptures in sight < another. ' ' This' as to still life merely ; but, on a day Ilk yesterday, the whole region was alive as it ha never been within man's memory. Every livin being out of every town crowded round th station; the peasantry lined the road all alon the line. Troops of all arms, National Guardi wero drawn up everywhere ; thoir bands struc np. their liveliest strains, ute .'Italian colour waved from every corner, hung upen every wal It wa£ Sunday-the sunniest of all Sundayt The people had their best look on, no les than their,bo8t suit .'; and the, features, the eon !plextoD,*the busts of the Romágnolo women ar unmatched1, in \ .Italy,'1 and , their head-gear i picturesque and coquettish in the! extreme. Th sight of their , crowded, eager , faces was "glad doning ._; _ nothing could <_ba: more genuin than the joy .which; beamedforth from their^dar; :eyesi -i .: ; I! ?? :. i. ,(, :,, '. ? ?;(A great day it was for those pooplo, and the; seemed fully, awaro' pf it's importance. The; gazed 'upon' tho long 1 rumbling.'train'/1.the] ologod their eora against thc engine's whistle laughing and' affecting' terror ; they exultet at the new, portentous Sight; they clapped thci: hands,. waved \ hats 'and handkerchiefs ; the; raced with.;, the carriages, . asi. they won slowly Set in motion ; their high spirits seemet to be.catching, to act magnetically on the nerve óf;tho mon in tho Kingy'suite., Whether i was the ineffablo loveliness of tbö day, or th< endless, variety of ria'ural : beauties along' tin journey,:ipr tho boisterous gaiety of all. tba gaping,grinning,shouting multitude; or whetboi finally if was that the" event of the day was-fell tp.bo'bigbly .auspicious, jn.itsolf, and big witt important results"for the"futúro,' the rfact ;Í8*,that out of sb i many., public mon, engrossed .BE they were by manifold cares, divided by party iin torests and conflicting views, there,was.not, one who did not abandon himself to the joyousness of the day. There was a splendid buffet, o\ champagne lunch, at the Bimini station ; but ] hardly believe that even tho best Sillory coule have anything to do with the hearty and almost boisterous happiness which, every countenance batokoned. The opening of a railway is a poli tieal event in Italy-the opening of tba Anconi Railway a great political event. The unification of Italy is very far. from being.an accomplished fact ; nay, it i seems'. to"'many yet an anxious, arduous, dangerous undertaking.. The infinite wisdom of, Providence, which meditated it for sc many centuries, only brought.it now to maturity, now-1 hat, although still as,.d}0icult as ever, rail ways havo 'made it just possible. Had. the attempt been madp'one. or two hundred yean ago tho slow means of/communication botwqot tho differont provinces of the kingdom would have raised an insuperable barrier against all good understanding. Austria and her minions felt lt, the Pope: and. the Bourbon were aware of it; and bow long they would have gone ot talking about railways, the .very nature,of, the contract '. bot we. n. the Papal Government and the Salamanca Company, allowing 10 years, or " 20 if . you, piesse," for tho ful filment of. tho : terms of;the bargain, sufliciea ly ? show. But . the Italians, for thoir own part, are not -blind to thc importance of enlisting stoom in the servico ol their causé, and I roally do .believe no dread ol hugo exponso, .nö\ embarrassment in thou finances, no reluctance-to-allow themselves tc bo token ; in by keen speculators, will detei them from pushing.on , such works as will soon bring the two, ends of tho peninsula together. Already, tho labour is half done, and "when ten hours' easy Jonrnoy 'has brought the Turin mail to the "city on'tho elbow" of Italy it -will not bo difficult fpr,good stosmors,' or good cioaches to forward them from Ancona to Bari, Brindisi, or other towns on the " heel" and "too" of tho Boot'; till, such Ump at1, leas t'as tho rails'bo laid oil along both .'shores, and tunnels bo bored' at frequent intorvala across tho Aponnines. - . v Truly, if wo look at tho results, one would say, tho Italians nood fear no amount of mpnoy which they may spend.in railways,, No sooner isjO lino oponod in Italy than it yieldg at least 5 por cent. From tho first day that tho short lino botwbon Bologna and Forli was oponod it produced an inoomo of 1600Í., without goods trains ;? and tho Amilian lino .throughout rémunérâtes its eharoholdors at tho rato of moro thanlO.OOOf.'a y'oar' per 'kilomotor. ' Tho rail- ways Boom to ¿bango tho naturo pf the sluggish, apathotio Italians.. : Nothing was -moro common iú those Amilian cities than to <moet woll to do pooplo of tho'middlo ranks who had nevor moved,from Bologna as far ¡as Rimini, or from Pesaroyoll\tlio, way to . Anboha. ' Thoyi bfgiri stirrlng'rnow.;wUh,..a jrengoanos. ' Tho tipkot windows ' oro everywhoro besot by an. .eager crow /¿' and 'a pr-al pf tho bell is sofflolent/to oaus'o a rush at Ino'trains and carry t,ho".cátí riagosby.storm. , "?.;.: "? ir.;'^%',%u'vT' I .' .?.?.j'-:.'..»:.;«:; n> :tîj,.u\ The reception of the King by these Marchi' giani all along the road/and especially at An- cona, would have done good to tbe most enthu- siastic lover of Royalty. It is barely a twelve- month ago since the same good King carne among them at the hoad of his forcos, fo 1 lowing - the track' which Cialdini had BO Reliantly cleared ef Lamoriciere and his Belgian and Irish heroes. Only a twelvemonth and that same good King appears among them to usher in civilisation, and put to rout the powers of darkness by that locomotive whistle which is as fatal to them as tbe cockcrow to the ghost lingering about its haunts, heedless of the first streak of dawn./ Already that whistle was heard paBt the . machicolated walla of Sinigaglia, Pope Pius IX.'s birthplace; it will not bo long before it startles and astounds Cardinal Antonella at his writing-desk in tho Vatican. Now may the people of the Marches, and now they do, feel that they are truly free, now the revolution becomes something visible and tangible for them; now they are aware that they and tho people who come among them, are but .one family;' riaw does tbe conviction irresistibly force itself upon them that the priestly rule is at an ond for ever.' " : ' .'.,'".' 1 Those travellers who merely hurried through these provinces, whb formed tbeir estimate of Italian and especially of Roman matters by a few months' stay in the city ol the Pope and a ride, over the Campagna, can' have no idea of the wealth ani well-boing which lay latent in these countiios of Bomagna and the Marches, even when Papal rule discountenanced all spirit of enterprise, and taught people to beg aa the best trade by which to lay up treasure in Heaven. The richness of the soil about these countries is hardly inferior to that of the jflSaiilia, and this latter region has hurdly anything to envy Lombardy or Pied moot, unless it be the wealth of their perennial Alpino streams. If in tho North the corn, tho vine, and the mulberry grow out of the same soil, here wo-liave, besides bread, wine, and silk, tho oil also adding its wealth to that of the other products. The olivo, the almond tree, tho fine Italian pine begin here to crown the hill sum- mits, tho blue of the sky deepens, the sea glances in tho Bim, nature puts on all the gorgeousness of her southern attire. Those are, in short, Roman lands, without, however, the sloth, the poverty, tho dirt of the Transapennino Roman territory. Tho Marchesans rank very high among Italian husbandmen, and trade is brisk in Sinigaglia, Ancona, and all . their cities. They are a milder Bet, too; a little more phleg- matic 'than those energetic,' but somewhat quarrelsome, and oven' bloody-minded, terrible Romagnole brethren of theirs. Tho 'close, sharp northern ; dialed is lost at La Cattolica, and tho easy, drawling,1 blessed Roman fills our ears. The look of the people, especially of the women, ¡does not improve. The Italians are a fine raco everywhere, and ; finer, as a general rule,. at every step you move away from the half Celtic jSubalpine tribes. But between Bologna and Rimini I fancied beauty had reached its olimav, ¡and no wonder I had been so dazzled by what I had seen as to have, so to say, no eyes left to. do justice to tho classical faces which lined my .way from'Pesarb to Ancono. ' 