CAPE OF GOOD HOPE, (SYDNEY HERALD.) We continue our extracts from the papers brought by the Prince of Wales, to January 25. Adverting to the decline of the Volunteer movement, the Cape Argus of 14th January, remarks If Volunteering is not quite dead and gone, it is not far from it. Months and months ago we called attention to its sickly and declining state, and told his friends that if they did not look sharply after it, give it strong res- toratives, and insist upon more healthy exercise it had not the ghost of a chance of living much longer. Some of them turned a deaf ear others flew into a passion, and one or two, who professed a vast amount of affection, protested that our warnings were malicious and our counsel mischievous. Now our words have come true, there it great turning up of eyes and pulling of long faces, none of which will help to revive the poor prostrate body, nor stiffen its back-bone it is quite true that whilst there is life there is hope, and desperate as the case appears to be, we are unwilling to give Volunteering quite up as dead and departed. Nothing bom upon South African soil was ever more admired and esteemed than this it was indeed admirable and estimable There was a creditable degree of vigor and manliness about its earliest efforts j it exhibited a brave spirit of patriotism and devotion, and a larger amount of self sacrifice than is frequently met with in this quarter of the globe. Its constitution was sound and healthy, but never was a constitu- tion so tampered with as this has been. Had it always been treated as it was at first it would have grown up strong? and hardy, and nothing couldhavebroughtit togriuf; but,uti4ortnnntely, those who had the power to guide it in the way it should go, encouraged is therefor stimulants until it cared for little else. flattered into the belief that it was as near perfection as any thing human could hope to attain, it abandoned all idea of healthy exercise grow consequential and luxurious, plumed itself upon its fine furthers, gave itself against its leaders health, its character, and has become in fact, what Americans significantly call " a gone coon." It has grown too big for its clothes, and will very soon be fit for nothing but its coffin. The same paper says Four preachers have just arrived in this colony direct from Utah, with a view of promulgating Mormon doctrines, and winning over converts to the Mormon faith. Two of them are natives of Graham's Town, who have been dwellers in Utah, and who have returned to convert the colonial born. A Hollander also, from the Lake, is to preach in Dutch, and convert the Dutch population. The leader of the party is a Scotchman born, but now, like the other three, a Mormon prMfktr and a citizen of the United States According to the Monitor, the Cape will be unrepresented in the Great Exhibition of 1862. Our legislators (it add?) spoiled our chance in this respect as completely as they could have done even had they been deliberating in the interests of a rival colony. It was desirable that Cape products should he sent to the Exhibition, not for the benefit of any particular class, but for the common weal, and when the interests of the State are at stake, it is only fair that the State should contribute its quota toward-" supporting them. When the extreme parsimony of our Parliament is contrasted with the wise liberality of that of Natal, and when, moreover, it is considered that the younger and smaller colony has an exhibition in the highest degree creditable to its resources and its inhabitants, while this colony can exhibit nothing, no one, we are sure, ran fail to feel that the Cape of Good Hope has been woefully disgraced. Dilating on the state and prospects of the colony, the Cape Argus of January 7th remarks An intciisolanguor seems to be settling down upon every thing the Cape, and much as we hope the contrary, we should not be at all surprised to find the new Governor turn out to be a cosy middle aged gentleman, without any sort of energy and very much attached to his arm chair. We have not, any more than other people, the least reliable information about his coming Excellency ; but we judge from appearances and according to the natural fitness of things. They say Australia is in a democratic fever, and in a bad way in consequence but our disease is lassitude, and we want something to wake us up. The other day there was an earthquake in the neighourhood of Natal. If it had come in this direction, we verily believe that, after the first shook, our system would have been much improved by a slight shaking, and that trade would have shown symptoms of revival. We are half inclined to think that during many years we have been doing our Dutch friends considerable injustice, and we are begining to understand the enviable placidity with which they regard all things and when they talk of " the nations which have settled down amongst us," that is, themselves, we feel that they must look upon our energy as superfluous, and that they understand better than we do how to extract from the climate and the soil the means of subsistence and the sources of enjoyment. Turn where we will, we meet the tokens of change or of decay, and it becomes a momentous question which of those two is most prevalent ; what is the tendency of thousand what will arrest the other, or whether it is of any use getting our souls with either. Writcraupon events recommend the latter course, especially officials and clerks in Government offices, for the latter knew that if they wait long enough, and open their mouths at the right moment, they are sure to catch a plum. But the world was not, after all, made for such people, although we have their own high authority for declaring that it is themselves who give permanence to colonial society. And so they do, but alas ! it is the permanency of stagnation, and its fruit is woe.- Let this country once get hold of an energetic Governor, who understands the details of business, and how they ought to be carried out ; Parliament not composed of the cousins of civil servants, and one-half of the troop will be sent adrift, and the remainder taught the real meaning of work. CoURtsHiP AT THE CAPE The Graham's Town Journal, commenting upon the case of Blatchford v. Blatchford, recently heard in the Supreme Court, says of Englishmen who arrive here :-" Courtship they discover to be a matter in which policy and sharp practice have to be blended with the attentions of love. Not only have they to engage the affections of their beloved ones, but also with the help of their legal advisers, to persuade them into renunciation of rights,. For should they fail in the latter department of a successful Cape courtship, they are no longer lords of all they survey, but co proprietors with wife and child." PORT ELIZABETH COMMERCIAL KETÜBNS.-> The Eastern Procures Herald publishes an epitome of the commercial returns of Port Elizabeth for the past year : Value of imports, £1,225,102 ; value of exports. £1,312,025 ; total shipment of wool direct, 20,740,801 lbs.; to 1 able Bay, 917,700 lbs. ; amount of customs duties, £135, 749. The imports have increased to the extent of about £80,000. but the exports have slightly diminished in value, from obvious causes ; whilst the customs revenue is greater by £9 100 than in the previous year. THE CULTIVATION OF TOBACCO The fertility of the soil of the Transvaal territory is sufficiently illustrated by the following fact mentioned by the Colesberg Advertiser :-" A farmer of the name of Du Toit came to Faure smart, a few days ago. with two Trn«f¡on-lo»J» of tobacco, he cultivated a field measuring 300 yards by 100 yards, and his last crop was £1000 plants, from which he realized seven thousand pounds weight of tobacco fit for the market. Hehasplanted24,000plantsthiflseason. ZOOLOGY -Mr. Bower, from the Transvaal, is now on his way down to the lower districts with a fine young Ireland, about three years old. The animal, although so young, is much larger than any os, is in excellent condition, and perfectly sane. He was offered £100 for it by Mr. J. Walker, of King William's Town, but declined to sell. Mr. Bower has also with him a full-grown porcupine (a native of the Trans- Vaal). The little animal is about 2 lbs. weight, and when alarmed it rolls itself up in the shape of a tuft of grass, and is then a mere handful. Colesburg Advertiser. EARTHQUAKE. The Natal papers state that a smart shock of an earthquake extended down the coast on Wednesday, the 4th instant. It was felt" distinctly about 5.30 pm.- the peculiar motion attending the phenomena being one there's no mistaking. The atmosphere was unusually sultry at the time, followed by thunder and lightning. THE NATAL CONTRIBUTION' TO THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.-We take the following from the Natal Mercury of December 12th: The exhibition of the colonial contribution to the International Exhibition of 1862, was opened in Maritzburg on Thursday in the Government school-room, which was filled with interested visitors. In the evening, the band of the 85th was in attendance, and played at intervals, much to the delight of those present. The great focus of the collection stood at the far end of the room-a gigantesquo frame of carved stinkwood, twenty feet high and twenty four feet wide, arrested the entire breadth of the room with one central arch, and four wing arches. This frame bore a carved shield with the Gnu of Natal at its capes, and white letters on a black ground below, setting forth the inscription Colony of Natal." The pillars of the arches were carved to represent euphorbia stems and twining plants. The centre compartment was filled with a beautiful coloured topographical map of the colony of large size, executed under the direction of Dr. Suther- land. At the sides were large charts, boldly and scientifically illustrating the climate and seasons, from the observations and deduce tions of Dr. Mann. Between these charts and the map. at either side were suspended t series of colored drawings illustrative of natural scenery, contributed by Lieutenant White, Dr. Beare, and Mr. Charles Dickinson. This frame is the great centre of attrition, under whose wings will be sheltered and consolidated the other articles forwarded by Natal. It rested upon a long corridor of yellow-wood, silkwood, and red poke-wood, on which grouped in three long, steps of tions. a seemingly endless series of objects of Kafir manufactures. Along the sides of the rooms were suspended skins and energies of carnivora and antelopes, furnishing a magnify cent tapestry and this was fringed below by horns and tusks, here and there relieved by beads and sculls, and frames of photographs ; some representing tit-bits of city scenery and omotit-bi's of Kafir features and coiffure A short distance from the frame, and in front of it. there stood a remarkable little model of a Dutch wagons one-third life-size, and with all its paraphernalia complete. The wagon was carpenter on lions skins and buttressed by very fine skins and home of the good and oryx. At the opposite end of the room a black ostrich skin spread its dark wing on a striped springbok areas. Before and below this trophy was handed a pile of colonial woods, carefully prepared and numbered, in logs five feet long, and with transverse measures of twelve Riches and six inches ; set round at the base by a long line of wood-sections, We counted nearly thirty distinct kinds of these larger specimens, and yet more of the sections and heard further more a rumour that there are yet others weather bound somewhere in the Kar Kloof, and on their way to join the vegetable exodus. Scattered about in all convenient places were tanned hides, and samples of the samples boxes, filled with grain and produces. There can be no doubt that the Natal exhibition is to be a fact and a motor! ? .- ? ..'?.-; 