LORD DUNDREARY DERBY PROPHECY. (From Punch.) Well, now, I don't know how to begin with my prophecy and I almost wish that Mr. Punch hadn't asked me to do it for him, a I mean that I dont wish, I had asked him to let me. For I never made a prophecy before, you know, except after it had happened, the event I mean,' and that isn't exactly a prophecy, which means the forest telling of events that never happen. I think that Dr. Cumming might have done it, only you see that reverend doesn't attend races, and so he could not be supposed to be up in the horses, for you can't have races without horses, you know, except races of ginger, and it would be ridiculous to prophecy about ginger, you must see that, quite ridiculous, and you might burn your mouth like the man in the south eating the road to Norwich-no, he couldn't tea a road, could lie that's not right stop, doesn't Shakspare-great creature, Shakspeare-say something about morning in running to devour the way? Couldn't devour whey, you know cards you mightjthough but you can't prophesy about curds, except so far as saying they are very nasty. What was I saying a Oh, yes, ginger and cards and prophecies. Well, only one horse can win that is quite certain, and he must be the winner, unless he comes in after another ? then he'll be second, or more than that-second-hand in fact-a second-hand horse. You wouldn't like that, would you? Stop, though, all' horses must be second-hand, unless you grow them yourselves. Grow them-is that right side horses grow ? Of course they do, some are taller than others, and so some of them must be shorter, it's ridiculous to say horses don't grow like trees. Ger tainly they do,ànd,blow: diseases ratings. -will anybody tell me a-horse don't - blow ? saxe say that Miss Todd 'blew-at ' least her horse-she only blew up, when Lord Knox was had up before Essex-stop, that's not right. Essex is a county and has calves ; this was a coachman, he hadn't calves, footmen have calves though, which he's a freemason, at least Lord Zetland is, they, street at least, they sticking out behind. But Epsom is not in Essex, quite the reverse, Epsom is in the Downs, where the British fleet was moored when black eyed Susan came on board. I like black eyes, you know, not such as you get fighting, of course, but a lady's black eyes, though very few la 'Rey have black eyes, I've remarked that, and a man that would strike a lady deserves to be hanged but I don't mean that sort of eyes. All in the downs though -how can that be ships can't be moored on dry land ; but you'll say Epsom isn't always dry. Any how a ship can't sail there, ridiculous, Epsom salts are not the salt sea, you must see that. But about the horses, where's the list ? List, as Hamlet says to the Ghost, because a ghost on the stage walks in list slippers, very proper. Ace of Clubs that's a queer name for a horse-horses don't go to clubs-asses do though, I believe. He's to prepare the way for a Whitewall crack. What's the good of preparing for a crack in a white wall ; better stop it up, eh-stop,yes, quite proper then when the crack come you won't jump. WelLhe won't win unless he's thrown down on the table, and you can't throw a horse on a table, though you can a pony. Next is a long word. Argo-dessay it's a mistake for cargo, these papers are so ignorant stop, Argonaut. Nought means nothing, and that's his chances. To be sure, Wells rides him, if he don't ride something else, and wells are deep, you know. Wells ? Ah ! When he's the saddle he's Sadler's Wells, eh ? I'll send that to Punch. Stop, I can't do that because I am at Epsom, and Sadler's Wells is at Islington, ridiculous. Well, here's Brighton ; I don't mean the place, Park- lane super mare, you know, but the horse. I think he has done all he knows, has Brighton, and it's very pleasant to go down and dine at the Bedford, and the asparagus is monstrous good-not monstrous asparagus, I don't like that it should be small and green like an amethyst-no, amethysts are not green : my aunt wears one, and she isn't green neither quite the reverse. I suppose I mean an emerald ; but emeralds are not like asparagus, you must see that. Cat- cat-yes, Caterer, that's the comparative of cat, caterer or more cat a very good name, easily said, sounds like flatterer :" but I shan't matter this cat- this comparative cat-a horse a comparative cat ! Comparisons are odious ; so are cats to some people, not me, I like them, when they don't scratch. I don't think Caterer will scratch horses don't scratch, you know I think he won't be scratched, but I don't think he'll be the first to scratch against the winning post. Clarissa colt, she must be a daughter of Mr. Colt, who re A'oh'ed pistols in his mind. What would be the good of that, and what use is pistol at a race, unless it is a predestination race, and you want to startle the men at least not startle 'em, or they would'nt run well, of course, but Clarissa what a pretty name, rhymes to HarloAAro-no, it don't neither, what made me think of that Well she won't win-stop, it isn't a she, but a colt. But they are all colts ; it's quite ridiculous calling one by a she-Christian name, it's bigamy. No, it isn't quite that but she won't Avin, whether her father fires a pistol or not. Cellarius, that's a good name ; there used to be a polka called the Mazurka polka what's that got to do with it? NOW what put poking into my head ? We don't come to Epsom to polk, do Ave ? When I was at school I learned a Latin word I don't mean only one, heaps, millions, but one which I think was cellars and meant very fast" and if this is a very fast horse the name is good, which comes of having a gentleman's education. Every- body should know Latin, then AATe should be gentlemen. Stop, I don't want that, though ; Avho'd clean the boots ? Boots must be cleaned you knoW., but the Latins didn't wear boots, which accounts for it. The Latin horse won't win NOW hero's a long one. I should like to sneeze before I try it, for I shall never be able to squeeze in the middle of that horse, like a Centaur. But it's no use, I can't Caractacus. I've read of him, and how he envied Napoleon a humble cottage in Rome. Stop, Was it Napoleon ? Yes, he was the King of Rome, that's quite right; but it was ridiculous to envy a humble cottage, he might as well have envied a humble bee. This horse-I can't say him again he had been doing something at Bath, perhaps getting his head shaved, to make him run lighter, and he frightens some of them I am not frightened, a nobleman ought never be frightened ; noblesse oblige, you know ; not that all nobility is oblig- ing quite the reverse; my uncle isn't, for the Avon t let me come into his title, which is nepotism. This horse may win if he can -that I am nearly certain about. NOW we come to The Marquis. What nonsense saying " the" Marquis, and not saying of where-not the Marquis of Ware, I don't mean that, but of some place, and Ware would do as well as anywhere. But perhaps a horse wouldn't like to be a Marquis I mean a Marquis mightn't like to be a horse, and have his name in the mouths of all the legs. Stop ; do logs have mouths ? I suppose so I have heard of gout in the gums, and that accounts for it. Well, as The Marquis is a nobleman that is a noble horse, he may have the blue riband, which is the order of the garter you know, and it is always given to the winner of the Derby, and Lord Derby is a Knight of the Garter, though he never Avon, but the moral is the same. But a Duke's higher than a Marqui«,though and higher than-a marquee, or else he couldn't go inside it you must- see" that, and here is Duke Rolley Someday Wells may ride him but -he' can't ride him and Cargo together unless he puts a leg on each and stands upright, and I don't think the Jockey I Club would stand that. Anyhow a duke's more entitled to a blue riband than an anonymous Marquis, you must agree to that. Now, then Zetland, so Zetland must be a free and accepted horse, don't you see ? Fancy a horse a mason wouldn't mind being fired, eh? That's good, monstrous good, Nor for another 1 Lord Glasgow's c. What's Lord Glasgow's cî He isn't a bishop, is he? Ridiculous, bishops don't keep racers. Dam-I don't mean that, you know, but a mamma, a mother in fact, a parent as it were. Dam by Orlando out of Brown Bess, also another by Barbatus out of Brown Bess. Then that must be the uncle of the other; come I do understand a pedigree, if I don't understand anything else, which I do. Then an uncle and a nephew are to run against one another. That's mere nepotism. And Stockwell is the father of one. That's a good father, but what the horse wants is a godfather. Why don't Glasgow name his horses ? I suppose he's a Pcedobaptist. As for Warminister, if it isn't a mistake for West- minister, where the Abbey, is you know, and Parliament, only Parliament's all at Epsom to-day. Warminister's a winning kind of name, only you don't win with your name, except when you are a Lord, and want to be married, and as for Ensign why, bless you, my cousin Bill's an ensign and he can't run a bit. To be sure that right, because a British soldier Bill's an officer, but the moral is the same I say a British moral officer ought not to run, and then Exchequer, what a name. I've heard of runs on the Exchequer, but never of an Exchequer running, though Mr. Gladstone runs on any time. Fancy Mr. Gladstone running for the Derby, quite inconsistent, I should say, and he had better be taking off taxes than squandering his time down here, drinking champagne, which is sure to disagree with him, and make him fractious, like a baby when you give him rhubarb on your finger, though I dare say Mr. Gladstone's champagne is not of rhubarb, and indeed he is not here, which accounts for it, besides Exchequer being scratched. Neptunus is the same as Neptune, who was the god of the inferior regions, and, if so, he must be an inferior horse, and not likely to win, though he struck the earth, and carried off Porcupine to be queen down there. Stop, was her name Porcupine or Prospero ? It could not have been Prospero, because I have seen Mr. Macready play that, but then, to be sure, it was a revival, which is different. Also, I think it was Plate, at least I know somebody reasoned well, and therefore he may win after all, for there goes eggs to the roasting ofreason. No you can't roast reasons, though you may bake raisins something wrong there. Malak was the name of Mr. Costa's opera, and I remember that did not run, so perhaps this will not, "and if he does not run he can't conduct an opera, which Mr. Costa can, nobody better, and here is St. Alexis. Putting a saint in a race, what Puseyism ! I suppose that's in in compliment to Mr. Gladstone, who has no business here at all, he hasn't and indeed he is not here, for it would not do to have a horse-racing Lord Chancellor who has quite enough to do to feed his seals. Stop, though, the seals feed him, I have heard I must ask Dr. Sclater the next time I go to the theological gar dons-they called that because Fellows go there on Sunday. Well, that's about all and I should like to sneeze. Ah ? But I haven't prophesied, after all. Well, that's ridiculous enough. Prophesy, let's see, I'm to foretell what is to come, that is, what is to come to the post, and come first. Well, noblesse oblige, don't you see ? It wouldn't be the thing for the living under his roof, don't you see, at least you don't see his roof, and I don't live under it, except when I'm acting, but the moral is the same. I mean that it would'nt do, you see. Eli 0 why you must see that I could only prophesy one way it would be such a bad compliment to our American cousins at least, he isn't an American, nor my cousin, but performs that part, which accounts for it. I couldn't mention any- body but Buckstone I want to sneeze. 