DISGRACEFUL SCENES AT THE LONGFORD ELECTION. We mentioned in our February number that in const quence of - the appointment of Colonel Luke White to tho Irish Loidihip of the Treasury a writ had been issued for the county of Longford. The clerical party determined without loss of time to bring forward a candidate to oppose Colonel's White's re-election. They sunmoncd for this purpose Major Myles O'Reilly, the late com mander of the Pope's Hibernian Contingent. The preparations for tho contest excited extraordinarv interest; and the events of tho two polling dayB have scarcely been paralleled even in theliistory of Irish elections. The polling, which took plucp on the 4th and 5th March, resulted in the return of Major O'Reilly by a majority of 574. The Liberal organs of the Roman Catholic party were almost confounded by this result. The Dubli x livening Post deplored the defeat of Colonr-1 White as marking the progress of ' the alienation of Irish Catholics from the general Liberal party,' and ' as calculated to produce no practical result but the triumph, of Toryism,' the reestablish ment of Orange ascendancy, and the exclusion of all Liberals and Catholics from the patronage of Government. The Post blamed the Government and Sir Robert Peel for provoking tho priests to the struggle, but evaded tho real cams belli — the policy of the Government on the Italian question. Terrible recounts reached ua through the news papers of the intimidation and violence practised during the polling. It will be seen from our Par liamentary report that there is reason to believe that these accounts rather understate than exag gerate the facts. The Dublin Evening Vac':et said: — ' At the close of the poll tne sup porters, of Colonel White had to be guarded home by dragoons, and were more than once during tne aay in imminent danger. wnen Major O'Reilly addressed hi? and the priests' serfs his audience were a band of armed men — armed with sticks, which they had borne throughout the election — effeclive wsapons, -which they 'would doubtless have employed to more serious purpose had the polling run more closely. Whether, under these circumstances, the election was a free and fair one will soon be decided.' / The reporter of the Daily Bxpre x, relating ?what he saw and heard on the spot, states that the town of Longford wa3 crowded with men armed with heavy bludgeons ; that tho con stabulary were drawn up almost in a continuous line to protect the friends of Coloael White ; that the booths were scencs of uproar and confusion, and that Colonel White's voters on leaving were pursued and pelted with stones. Among other outrages, he relates tho following : — Several voters were in tho house of a man named Wal polc,| near Graiard, the house was attacked by a mob in the night and the electors were dragged out and beaten, so that some of them were deterred from voting next day in terror for their lives. In the town of Granard. it is stated, Inspector Holmes was struck with a knife in the breast, whioh cut open his tunio, the blow being intended for one of Colonel's White voters. Mr Barron, rficMont. mncriafryfttr*. wns afriinlr nn fVio linnrl. wiili a stone, and severely cut. Major Hessentall, deputy-lieutenant.of.the county, '.vasstruck with a bludgeon. Alexander Scanlan was carried home, disabled by a blow on the head with a stone of 41b weight, inflicting injuries which were near proving fatal. A. Montgomery had an eye nearly knocked out. It is alleged that in some parts ;of the county the organised mobs waylaid the voters and compelled them, under dreadful threats, to swear that they would not vote for Colonel White,,; Major yO'Reilly, in his\Bpeech at the close oT the . proceedings, said he Mid not like: to ?£ao thf-'6 ticks i^hiah -hia admireiS:fl6urished, and when the .proceedings commenced he warned, them' ag^ristviolenbc. But if the-abovo narrative ia true, or anything near the truth, tlure would seem to be good reason to believe that it is to the sticks the gallant gentleman owes his election. Tho Dublin correspondent of the Times says that tho accounts which have come to his hands represent tho intimidation, violence, and outrages to be such a3 utterly to des'roy fre-.dom of elec tion, and render the polling a farce : — ' On enter ing the town of Grmard, Colonel White's agents were attacked by the mob, pulled off tho cars, and' severely beaten in presence of the priests. The military were called out, and succeeded in saving those gentlemen from- the fury of the multitude. /At Carrickglass, several electors were severely beaten, two men being left almost dead from the violence to which they were sub jected. The Rev. Mr Gregg, a Protestant clergy man. was brutallv assaulted, and had a narrow escape for his life. His Bon wa3 hunted by the mob and stoned. Colonel White's voters were stopped on the road by an infuriated rabble, and driven back with bludgeons. The, tenants of Chief Justice Lefroy, proceeding in -a body to vote for Colonel White, were so violently assailed that they fled for their lives. It i? stated that houses have been wrecked and burnt. In the town ot Longford the Dragoon Guards had to charge the riotous mob four times. In fact, the intimidation has been so violent as to render the election null and void. Many voters have pur posely absented themselves. Others have been kidnapped j and a great number were probably afraid to venture out at all to vote ; and no won der, f-r they would do it at the risk of their lives';' Colonel White has published the following address ' to the electors of Longford : — ' Gentle men,— I have to express my gratitude to those among you who had the courage (in many eases at the risk of your lives) to record your votes in my favor.'' I had hoped that the antecedents of my family in Longford might havo procured me a trial, and my well-known attachment to the prin ciples of civil and religious liberty would have prevented th& contest from pssunling a character eo lawless and disgraceful. But every spccieB of violence 'and intimidation was put in force to pre vont my return, and no candid mind can accept the result as the fair expression of freedom of opinion in the county. If such results were sub mitted .to, there would be an end of freedom of election, and I, therefore, feel it my duty to you to endeavor, by every means in my power, to ex pose those practices of which I complain, and to restore to you the opportunity of selecting, undis-. mayed by violence or taction, the representative of your choice. — I am, gentlemen, your grateful and obliged servant, Luke White. Woodlands, 7th Marcii.' At the/declaration of the poll, tho sheriff, Mr Walt&rNugen;*, son of Sir Percy Nugent, a Roman Catholic gentleman, said, ' I have to thank you all for tho quietness which you have exhibited uuciiJg ixiiq Yriiuxu biiuC| tticuuuyu iiiurt? wuo a strong military force in this town, I am happy to say their' sei vices were not required.' He had previously published a letter to the newspapers, denying that there was any violence or intimida tion. Major O'Reilly, in his speech on the same occasion, spoke to the same effect-r-stating that the oldest inhabitant never witnessed a contested election more peaceably conducted. All this reads strangely beside Colonel Whits's address, tho speoch of the Chief Secretary in the House of Commons', and the newspaper accounts quoted, above. In the inquiry and prosecution which are promised, the truth will be found. ; The following is extracted from a letter in the Morning News : — ' The order has gone forth, and now all is hurry, bustle, nnd confusion. Magis trat3« and police scour the country in every diicc tion in search of the phantom violence, who worked Buch deeds of terror on voters and non-electois. Only a week ago, and these magistrates 6aw no thing, heard nothing but peace and quiet. A word from Sir Robert and they are enlightened. Not an old woman in the country but must bo dragged from -her 'homo and sworn did she see the phan tom' stipendiaries sit in permanence. Depositions ?.rc gathered by the bushel. Old men and boys, old womsn — yea, I saw a poor turf-seller and his donkey (the donkey, I suppose, was not sworn) — dragged before the magistrates here and sworn to tell. .whether they saw. the violence. Seriously, Mr Editor, what aro we to think of this mockery of law ; this straining and striving of the Govern mfeat officials to mako black white j to find it violence that di-i not exist ; to hunt Htier u ,bantom that nobody saw, nobody heard? Sir Robert saj-3 there waa violence ; therefore they nay find a fictitious, if not a real, ground for his assertion. Hence the ghost-hunt through the cmn'ry after a phantom that nobody saw, tlioogli ?Sir Rolinrt swears it must be caught and prose cuted.' [Colonel White's friends believe they will have no tiifficulty in obtaining the strongest evidence of tho intimidation exeicised at Longford. Cap tain O'Donnell, the resident magistrate, has already taken the informations of several voters on the subject.] — ll»me jVcics, 20th March. 