PASTORAL ADDRESS OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC ARCHBISHOP AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA. ONE subject about which we are most anxious that you should be rightly informed and steadfast in your Catholic principles, is that of the public education of your children, and especially of the children of the poor. It is evident that attempts are being made to wrest from us our liberty of conscience in this matter, to curtail the freedom, in which we have been able to train our children in secular learning, quickened by Catholic faith, and guarded by Catholic discipline, in order to submit them to the fetters of what is called national education. This is a manifest misnomer. The so-called national education, or Board of General Education, is in truth sectarian, for it is at variance with the religious feelings of Catholics, that is, a large body of the population, equal to one-fourth or even one-third of the natives if we may use the term and it is a persecuting sectarianism, since it would compel Catholics to accept a system vitally defective, however accepted by non-Catholics who have, of course, neither fear nor sense of such deficiency. Catholics do not believe that the education of a child is like a thing of mechanism that can be put together bit by bit, Not a morsel of instruc- tion or religion, and then of instruction in secular roaming separate parcels with as little reciprocal action as have two books on the shelves of a library. We hold that subjects taught, the teacher and his faith, the rule and practices of the school day-all combine to produce the result which we Catholics consider to be education, and that this desirable result cannot be looked for without such combined action. The system to which we have adverted seems to consider the child as a receiving machine, and the teacher as an imparting machine, and that here there relations and. It is not so ; the human being teaching will, by reason of his religious faith and other qualities, influence the human being taught; the day with its work and devotions, arranged on a plan consistent throughout with our faith, will mould one form of character, the day not so arranged will produce quite another ; there is in the system we deprecate no unity, no consistency. It is not only defective, it is corrupting and dissipating, and, therefore, for reasons obvious to every well-informed Catholic, we must have for our children Catholic schools, Catholic teachers, and as fast as we can supply them, Catholic books. So be not reduced out of this determination by promises of superior learning for your children The promises are vain ; our own schools can and shall supply all that Catholic children could obtain elsewhere. Make your determination known, see that your representatives in Parliament are duly impressed with it, and choose only those who will respect your religious rights and liberties in this most vital point. Do not influenced by plausible statements and appeals to a false liberality. Catholics must secure for their children, above all things, a religious education, and is a matter of so much importance, they must not risk hazardous experiments. Their children may and must in school breathe a Catholic atmosphere. It would be as wise to take away one of the constituent elements of common air, and think to maintain their health and vigour of human beings, living in that unnatural medium, by restoring afterwards the withdrawn elements, as to make up a Catholic education for children by adding at one time the religion which has been scrupulously banished at another. If you grow a flower in cold and darkness one half the day, no arbitrary amount of light and beat afterwards will produce a plant of the vigour and beauty proper to its kind. The Divorce Bill, which has, unhappily, passed into law in some of the colonies, and which has been so odiously pressed upon the Legislatures of the other colonies during the present session, has naturally drawn our attention afresh, to the evils of mixed marriages. This measure adds, you will observe, materially to those evils, inasmuch as it allows, by human law, a separation which the Catholic believes is not allowable by the Divine law, and so exposes the Catholic party to be left hand as long as the non-Catholic party who may chance to form other ties, shall live. Lot this added mischief, dearly beloved, prevail upon you to renew your aversion and watchfulness against mixed marriages. You know how the Church treats them, how she tolerates them only as an inevitable evil, how she stands by at such a-marriage, sod, and as if mourning. No holy, all grace procuring mass celebrated; no solemn nuptial blessing, with uplifted hands, pronounced by the priest of God. It cannot be that young people, properly trained in affectionate allegiance to holy Church, duly estimating the graces of which she is the channel, should so lightly permit their thoughts to rest on the beginning of attachments that must end in a dreary prospect at best. Lot the obstacle- of a different religion be frankly pronounced by parents an insurmountable one, and the young, accustomed all their lives so to consider it, and see it so considered, are in no danger of allowing themselves to be entangled. ' It is the indecision and worldliness of parents that create for their children danger, and so we entreat you to contemplate again the nullity of all earthly position and advantages, as a compensation for the certain evils of mixed marriages. At the best what must be the result? Husband and wife divided on the most important, the most influential, and pervading of all subjects I No mutual aid, no common sympathies in religion ; religion that gives dignity and safety to their union. As Catholics, you believe the married state to be a vocation, having its special trials, dangers, hopes, and to meet those, its special graces and you know it is idle to talk about each party worshipping God undisturbed, according to his or her conscience. And of the children of such marriages what can we say, even' where the Catholic, conditions are faithfully-as they so frequently are not kept? What can you, in ordinary prudence, expect them to learn, to he At the best, perhaps, indifferent; horn and practically bred in that subject of the modern forms of infidelity, the motion that an essence of all religions can be extracted and secured, in abstraction from all positive belief, from all sacrament, within the recesses of a man's own breast. Dare you do this? Will your children dare to do it, if you think, and teach them to think of it, as the danger of indifference, of practical infidelity, ought to be thought of. What is it to tempt the goodness of God if this be not it? We do hope, dearly beloved that thoughtlessness about consequences, more than unfaithfulness and reckless worldliness, is the cause of so many of those deplorable marriages. We must speak strongly, because we fear greatly ; we can no longer maintain even an apparent silence in the presence of a growing evil ; we dare not see Catholics, were it to gain the whole world, divest themselves as married people, of great safeguards against the loss of their own and children's souls. May you, dearly beloved, lay these things to heart, and may the Holy Spirit enlighten and strengthen you. The blessing of God, the Father, the Son, and Holy Ghost, be with you now and for ever. t JOHN BEDE. Archbishop of Sydney, t ROBERT WILLIAM, Bishop of Hobart Town, t JAMES ALLIES, Bishop of Melbourne, t JAMES, Bishop of Brisbane. Given at Melbourne, Feast of All Saints, 1862. 