[?] m:: l \ ; Aul tern. I -- I received a visit from n»v , entered my room liasta>, iritEWH®M \- his hand. '-'X & , "Tve written a ghost some intHTupteiEmffi WmMoiiiuiiT""''' v rr;iwpsgi would j»nm "(through one -rf ttetel i wmenRe German fixesl% haxmtiof the Wild boas and the wol£" .- V'i :"' " "What on parti was lie doing there F I asked. " He had lost Ids tray, of course," replied Perkins. " So I suppose," I said. " Travellers al ways do iu ghost stories. Bat as this is a tale of the present time pardon my enquiring where Lis luggage is !" " He left it in the chaise," answered Perkins. " Which had been overturned, and our tra veller wished to get to the nearest town on foot Is that not it !" " Of course," said Perkins, with some irri tation. " And in order to reach the nearest town he turns into the nearest forest" "He thought he would take a short cut across the country," explained Perkins. " And after Walking some distance lie comes to an old castle, chF' " Well I" said our author sulkily. " And, finding it uninhabited, he wraps his ample cloak around him, and goes to sleep in a corner, does not he T " Yes," said Perkins, something surprised. " But he is aroused from his sleep by the clanking of chains, and, on raising his head, perceives a figure standing in the doorway." "Why confound it !" said Perkins, starting up indignantly, " You must have seen my ma nuscript," "Which figure," Icontinned, "raises its ma nacled asms above its head, and, clanking its chains together, utters a frightful ay. My dear fellow, this will not do, you know- it won't indeed. This kind of spectre does not suit the times. Modem readers must have mo dem ghosts." "Well! but give it a fair hearing; don't. 1 —condemn it unheard," said the author. "Oh ! read it ; by all means read it," and I resumed my pipe, and he his stoiy, which was . much as I had anticipated. " Some two hundred years before the stoiy opens, the lord of the castle, a. man possessed of large property and all kinds of virtues, had been barbarously murdered by his nephew, who had not an acre of land, or a virtue to bless himself with. When about to strike the fatal blow, this nephew, being a religious ruffian, prayed to his patron saint for aid, promising her a pair of candlesticks, with snuffers and extinguisher, all complete, if she granted him the assistance lie needed- The blow was struck, the rightful lord died, and the murderer inherited the progprty , Perkins .takes this opportunity of remarking on the similarity between a -virions man and a fire in a cellar. " Open the cellar door and break the windows, and you will have the house on fire. Supply your vicious man with money and all liis vices blaze up at once. Our villain was an instance of this. He ' raised his rents, turned ont his tenants, insulted his neigh bours, murdered peasants, ill-treated travellers, and forgot all about the candlesticks, and his patron saint But of course he pas a miserable man all the while, ' The ghost of Ids uncle stood nightly by liis bed, reproaching him for Ids crimes, and comparing the vices of the mur derer with the . vptues of the murdered. For ghosts of this, kind when speaking of them selves, generally go upon the principle of Be rn.ortv.is nil nisi honvm. But the villain con tinued liis reckless course, spite of ghost and everything else, till, at last, the public of the period could stand him no longer. They rose with one consent ; pulled his castle about his ears, slew his soldiers, hanged his steward (aw ful fellow that steward), and, in fact, .after the. manner of publics in all ages, caught evenjft&y; except the man they went to catch. ; -never seen afterwards, and none knew how hc ''died, but rumour said that his ppirit jraikefl the scene of his crimes, and the rumfojajsle . ja the castle, is visited by the spectre, oi&icraP;' polled to follow it to the courtyard, "where there isaa.old well The gliost recounts the' above Listoiy, adds that till the candlesticks, Jwt, as per vow, are paid to the saint; it can never rest in its grave, points to the well, cry ing 11 Search, search P Then uttering a loud cry, it raises both hands above its head, and, fairing a regular header, like Mr. Bourricault in the ' Colleen Bawn," disappears -into the abyss. Thj> traveller goes to rie instantly, and when he awakes in the morning,' finds that he has jsjt the night in the open 'air, and has got ; ji«mmntic pains all about him. . .Calling to his -tgundhis virion of the night; be 'leaves the ' igSstle, obtains the assistance of some peasants, retains, explores the well, and finds askeletojj nnda chcst of treasure. He buries Hie first; appropriates thelari;.payB ihe ghpst's debt to pSniiiif, anil the WaLltra again f is' to -Save these1 him at dyery' said to.Peridns,' ByjBniWj "'amd 'tytoffol it. niter" ' for giioEfc; stories, < riff v5i Mwrtbingdse in 'these days, antl 1 ftffiBwSSh'rf which the above is a BPecj- b:-, ns;t|cUess forests to Ifcsfceris iiidSjA? In bine armour, and HHRBmaltiian a man of feshion 9S8Kufl£HH3|ng rinwn Fall Mall in sandals say that the puhl to have or, as have worn mo- No ! the HmBaPtili'ras in 'perfect nunry, >t M Perkfos, for IBHPHBi dtorv at alL " I am "afraid my must have been grossly neg- |H|HHjStoldlfove remembered fifty tales toetypeasMs ovn. IBiB10lironi ®,VB 60 changed motonly \- the pi iwjlhat: \- B&ft;&imiSiM; a<lay.'f .c«3tjMs relics of pail end thatfe aH/> Hhipsgo by steam raw-idjlays; gad so do ghosts. ' ' ' "" % Time was, too, when the boldest ghost that Walked -would shrink in haste "away at the crowing of a cock but now the spirits care no more for. a cock than they. do. for a cart horse. All the cocks in the parish might crow themselves -hoarse before a modern ghost -would budge an inch. An old-fashioned ghost on the tramp -would come out with the stars, clothed " in Ids habit as he lived," and would station himself in a draughty corridor, or pace sentinel like on a windy terrace ; or he would spend the night in walking up and down all the stairs in the Loose, going into all the uninhabited rooms, and moving the furniture ; or if he had any particular mission, which was by no means the case always, he would accost his victim and command him to take up the front door step, or to prepare for death, or what not. At other times he would wail like a child, or groan like a dying man, or shriek like a woman ; but however he was engaged, no sooner did " the cock that is the trumpet to' the morn" " awake the god of day," than the spirit folded his mantle round him, and vanished, leaving the bird literally cock of the walk." Hoes our modern ghost do sot Nor he — or she. To save trouble about the sex, not it. It drives to a railway station in broad daylight; takes a ticket (first-class ticket ; no ghost has yet been kuown to travel second), gets into a carriage, arranges, if a female, its crinoline (Oh ! shade of Hamlet's iathcr ! a ghost in crinoline !), borrows your Bradsliaw, begs you to tell it how it can get to A — , is sorry to trouble you, but it cannot understand Bradshaw (another evidence of the inscrutable nature of that book : even the ghosts, who are generally supposed to understand things for beyond thc comprehen sion of the living, even ghosts canubt. make out Bradshaw), converses with yoa flnentiy un-wa- rioiis subjects, and shaken hands with youaf- fectionately at parting. Now-that is a .ghost of the very newest style. What acomwlatimi it is to think that if we are'hawited in these days, we shall have nothing more dre.idfiil.to fen Counter tiiAjLi-«i-g>oi:500t-iflg"Sl>ectre of the female sex, who will not pain our ears polite with any reference to its own peculiar position, but, on the contrary, will entertain us with a flow of conversation, so flattering to ourselves, and at -the same time so creditable to its own intellectual powers (of course creditable to it, if flattering fo us), that when it vanishes, far from having any terrible recollection of the interview, we shall think of our late companion with feelings that have much more of love than horror in them. Still it must be confessed that a story of this kind lias its disadvantages. Ghosts are no exceptions to the truth of the old proverb, " Familiarity breeds comtcmpt f and an author who allows his ghost to enter into familiar, conversation with its victim, and even to eat in his presence, must be content to lose in horror what he gains in originality. But to frighten your reader is the great end and aim of a ghost tale, and everything ought to give place to that ; so, describe with all the minute ness you please the wainscotted room, the dark cabinet; the old bed, and the oaken door, with that extraordinary stain upon it; but when the ghost enters; abandon the pre-Ita- phaelite style; paint him with no more dis tinctness than is absolutely necessary, and leave your reader's imagination to finish the picture.. For instance':— : "I awoke suddenly, fancying something touched my cheek. I looked round, but seeing . nothing, I laid my head again upon my pillow, when, even asT did so, the curtain was polled on one ride, and a face approached mine, a foce so fearful — so utterly shocking — oh ! to forget .it wonLdbeeasLer-than Ao describe itr- dhenl-foKgettiiatlookofimearthly - (fdntfaaalbs toy todefiiiitenwtff; would jbe fo(SiarSyto-ict the wuder than the M- " ' f 1 Hi tlmTudrmalmng creature,Etood straight up from its 'head. " Its eyes burned like fire, and the fire seemed to" be differently situated in each eye. Beneath one of them was a dark-blue mark. Its nose was slightly bent from, the straight line, as' If from a blow. - Its mouth, which was horribly deficient of teeth, was wide 02>en, and its tongue moved violently from tide to tide, as -if ' it had some difficulty in articu lating. . After groaning fearfolly several times, this terrible -tision addreased me in these awful wofds, "TIriaccast6med as I am,' Ac." Terrible ! Not at alL , Such a ghost as that twonld never frighten anybody. And yet whi4 'more would you' have! Bloody liair ! fiery eyes ! distorted features ! .marks of vio lence all about it ! How "is it that the effect . is rather absurd than- otherwise I The reason plain enough - Your -Vaulting ymhitinn" to describe something intensely liorrible hath o'er- leaped iteelfi and you Imve .falleii rather vio lently on the other, 4hift' is, .the ridiculous tide :pf thesubject; . 11 - - \- But 'T am -grossing dirfopc.' Take another ilfa»Yenti--Thifi;tt(ahMldmianinstance<d'thc; SlpSfotriifiie gjhoEt; --that -is to :say:bf the ghost l»at does its enandjrithout the hse ef wdrds. Jrinrita, -I thirdfiiight be divrded: very tiiat eak; arid 'flie%hotiB thai donoteak ; thbu perhaps, iafter all, we might need another division for -the especial accommodation of ghosts that howL But now for the pantomime ghost You have a relation, we will suppose, on the other tide of the world, and you are expecting him home in about six months. (The relation is always expected shortly in these cases.) You are sitting alone in your room, thinking of the pleasure it will afford you fo shake your friend once more by the hand, and to hear again that long silent voice. With feelings half eweet, half painful, you try to- imagine the changes that Time will have mafeto-his.&:nd affectionately, recti! Asyou thus tit tirettiu recover yourself and — tbhre lie is. Sherols ytmr loug-lost relation, sitting oh the 1 sofo. His fiice is pale — very .pale." His eyes, expressing the deepest melancholy — he used to have such merry eyes — bent upon you. You observe that he has a white handker chief tied round his left calf. You perceive, for nothing escapes you, the initials A. J. (not his initials) in one corner of the handkerchief and you see that on one foot is a slipper, while the other wears a boot When you can articu late, you gasp out, "Why, George ! what is the meaning of tliis ? How did you get here f ' The spirit shakes its .head solemnly; poiuts to the handkerchief rises from the sofo, gazing at you fixedly all the time, and disappears. Now if you understand ghosts — as everyone ought to do by this -time — -you grieve for your friend at once, and prepare your mourning. If you are incredulous aud disposed to attribute the vision to those oysters, or that chop, you won der for a week or nine days, and forget the incident But the necessary time elapses, and the letter arrives. You recollect the ghost and break the seal trembling. Your correspondent, Alfred Jones, or rather Johnston, or so, informs you that it is with feelings, that he finds him self totally unable to express, that he tikes the pen to send you word of the death of his friend and your kinsman, who was bitten by a snake in the left leg (that accounts for the handker chief), on such a day, and as he was preparing to retire for the night (that accounts for the boot and the slipper). Your correspondent did all iu his power to avert the catastrophe, by binding his handkerchief (that accounts for the initials) round the wound, and shouting for the surgeon, but all was vain. Yonr unfortu nate relative died, regretted by all who kuew him, at 1215 a.m. (time to a minute). \- Perhaps this kind of ghost has-been worked harder than any 0ther. - The man- whom it represents has died all kinds of . deaths. He hi bddn ffrowriedjhangoA; poisoned, killed by ifg|as, ; 2hc fKXBMi wkqiiMt tititsjs)>etii.bcx>imin, or dearfr|ai3,-bra-amlora rind |ghe place arheire it witits Mm a tixti, «f n1>edkDcna, or a.churchyaxd, any place, in foot, where ihece- is a clock or timepiece of some kind ; ' that is most necessary, for this ghost would be nothing at all if you did not time it. It certainly has done a great deal of work ; nor is that strange, for it is useful, rather terrible, and easily adapted to circumstances. There is another kind of ghost which I sup pose must be mentioned, thongh I am almost . ashamed to do so. I refer to that eccentric spirit that rings bells, smashes crockery, sets the beer rnnuiug, and performs other feats of the sort, equally useless and absurd. Ghosts in general have a purpose in their visitations. They walk to expose crimes, to reveal secrets, to give warnings, or to bring intelligence ; but tbis one has neither end or aim in what it does. It is evidently the ghost of a practical joker, condemned to be perpetually playing the same pranks that were its delight in life. Its form is never seen ; its voice is never heard, but it is constantly engaged in making people uncom fortable. It is the most contemptible of spirits, as, when alive, it must have been the most contemptible of men. However, I venture to hope that we shall never hear of this spirit again. It would shew a great lack of origina lity in any one who made use of it, and origi nality iu ghost tales is veiy easy to get. All you have to do is to imagine some very un likely position for a ghost to be in and put him into it. For instance, a ghost in a balloon, of a ghost under water, or a ghost shaving hinv self, would, if I mistake not; be all of them new. Here now is a skeleton of a ghost story, which I flatter myself is entirely original / Mr S. (initials, of course Tbr fome" reason or other initials may do things that names may not.' -T3tefeUc tilow Mr (3. to have seen and one thing wiBeli, if assigned to Mr Smith, £h£y--wahhijiqject aritii scorn.) Mr S. and his wife are„-jayii at :the fashionable sea-side tofmjcff UreriMe onc morning Mr S. receives . requesting him to " g"1-1-," think the public ; " B. is the ghost." A false scent is rather a judicious_thing in a ghost tale. The public arc mistaken. B. will live for fifty years longer,, very likely ; at any rate, Ms ghost will not walk in this story. In due course S. appears at B.'s house, and witnesses the will, or whatever it may be, for wMch lie was wanted. While he is at dinner, the servant L brings him a telegraphic message. It is from Mrs S. — " Return at once — I have fallen over the cliff" S. is in great agitation — returns by the night-train. When he reaches his house, M-, the Imnscmaidj opens the door for him. "Oh 2 is that yon, tir ? Poor Missis has follen over the cliff " " Well, I know that," cries S. ; " how is shef " Lor,, tir," replies M., die's been dead ever since." " Dead !" gasps S-, " why did yon not say so when you telegraphed f" . " I never sent no telegrapht," said Mi, wegp- ing 1 " Oh, no, I forgot My wife sent the mes sage, of course.- 'She lived long enongh to 'do that; did she," asks the mnrh-agitatod .S. - " Missis never sent no teLegraphiyFm sure," replies M.'; " I saw her foil from the clifij' and she never stirred afterwards." . . . : " This ismotiextroordin,uy,"saysSJ-; "bnt wliere is she I Het mc see her." ' f - He finds that there is a fearful cnt on his wife's temple, and that the left arm is broken. When his agitation will allow him, he again thinks of the mysterious telegram, and as every one in the house denies that any tele gram was sent by thciu, and as cveiy one as serts that it was impossible that Mis S. could have sent it; the perplexed widower goes to the telegraph office. " Do you remember who sent this telegram, and at what time f he asks the clerk. The reply is : — " Yes; I remember it dis- tiuctly. - It will be along time before I forget it The massage was sent just at thfe very time that that unhappy accident happened at and the person -who sent the mcs- « fearful cut from the 'it Mis- -.i0 . 33i i ifemtidarj to Y:'lmi6 capped the; ghost In' auriariow! My ghost talc is potitively the last out Tlic only merits I claim for it; however, arc tiiese. It is short, which, I take it, is one of the greatest merits that a ghost story can have. It shows pro-" gress — the latest improvement in ghosts being their travelling by rail ; my ghost goes a step farther, and telegraphs. And it docs not pre tend to be true. 