orj:-- ;!;' 'THE, i THEATRE 5., '. ..- .'....'. :;. ^eperfojmarLcsB of last night vatthe;Prinpess's ;The4trfe were the comedy of ]*f$ke-i&oot; Gentle Iman,'' .and two farces, ' The. Spectre JEtridegroom' ^udf.TheDouble-BeddedRoomi' Of the first, .piece it 13 unnecessary : tp epeak at length. Mr JefferBon,:a8 Dr OllapdH, cpntfiyeal to'- appropriate ,t© himself the chief interest. He ia tho quack to perteotum, ana, nis make-up ia admirable. Mr , Lambert/ as Sir-Robert Bramble, occupies the 'second' placed 'Jbiit scarcely realises all that his partis capable of. Mr Fitzgerald, .as' lieutenant WbrtJiihgion--'1 'the pbbr gentiemiin'— is ioler nble. Miss Kosa' -Burin is a very engaging Emily; and- Mrs Phillips, as Mm Lucretid ' 'Mac Tab, admirably, sustains her already cquired re putation' in ;the character..- The Becpnd pioc'ai . V The Spectre Bridegroam ; or, A* Ghost in' Spite; pf;Hiai8elf,'' is really.what the playbills call ?' ii ?side-cplitting farce.' From the opening to thecloBe of -.the; ,pieoe(it keeps the hpuss i^a.state of up roarious iaushter. A cousin of one Nicodeniuih™ died on the eye of),in fact on the road to, his marriage with Georffina, the daughter of r-- A idwincUe; Esq , of Aldwinckle Hall. Nicodemus, who is .a,qvakei'- and the very linage of his dead cousin, goes, to break the news to th'e family. But AldwincMe, taking him for the bridegroom elect, will , hear ndne of hia explanations, and sends him straight way to supper with the ladies. At this juncture 'DigUWtff Mdwinckley8 man servant, arrives, and in the absence (-f Nicodemus, endeavors to commu nicate to; AldiomehU ^ sorrowful intelligence that the bridegroom is &6b\lt Aldwinckle having just seen; the bridegroom, as he' ijJiagines, alive and well, states the fact. Diggory submits that hehasjuat.laid his body out. . AldxoinekU looks upon Diggory as drunk, and Dig ory considers Aldioinckle mad. The disputo goes on. Diggory (Considers his master «« dangerous,' and his master 'never saw a man in auoh a state of beastly in toxication {ta},piggory)] t in , all :Mb. life,'. . They adjourn, tq the( supper, room', to, gsttle' t^e dispute by yiflual eyidencet of, Xficodemyt'.s corporeal .exis tence. Meantime Nicodemtis, feeling ?uncomforta- ble', has ' with 4u$m* rlfke; fiolemnity declined aU refresbiment, ''kad ' inidriigii't approJachingl . taa retired' frb'ja'; 'tli« room' , informing1 the Indies' that he has a ' drMdfars'ecreitoreVeali,' and to disclose ii ' i-will-revisitf the'ta'rthef6ilowmg'night.v Atiwinckls,' OQmirigiai'irith 'JD^ory/^ finda hitri gone, and Cii conaultntion bsing held,! the supposition is made bj.Biggory t,hat Mcodemuumsy be :-t* the ghoat '-? pf rthe man he.lias just laid put. The others, hovr ever, consider piggwy slightly .-:tpuched,; and. -will .not entertain, any! - Buch proposition-. . : Diggory \ is sent after Nieodomya,to Bee that he does not break 'hiB'necjt by'a.'tiie^-.'banis^erB, and to light him. ,to iiis feedroonil ' jpiggory Haying laid him out, as he preaumea, cbnoidera the errand an absurd one, but i3 atleagth prevailed on to go. To His astonish-. ? ment,! he meets with ^&icorfemws; on'the Btiurs. Ho vruthes back, shaking -with fright, Ms Very neck-tio standing oa end.'' 'Nicodemw-foVLaTta him, but his apparition is^only the signal for flight. Ir vain' baseeks, to approach anybody ; he is regarded as , V- a , , ghpstt'!c and c-Y.er y fresh appoaranoe is . only conaidered an fresh evidence of tka faot. Plenty of jalpr. is shown by the memberBpfaie family, by 'I)iggpirt/, aad by Captain Vauhtiiigton, a suitor for . Gsorgina's .Pl&and.;',. whenever - the gn'ost is; away, ;, but ^perfect ; stampede-, takes place -whenever; he puts' in an. app»arance. Nkbdtmusi not understanding the matter, thinks himself insulted, and begins to retort /with practi cal jokes, which only add to the, presumptipa th'at'he belongs to anether world. -JEyentually Lavinia, a/.ccniain of (jeir'gina, 'having never ; been- afraid' '.of' any man/doea' not see why' she' should, beafrkid. of a ghost.*' '' She tackles' him' jaccordingly.Vhanhe makes .love to her. This con vinces ihe'r that he' is '*.« mortal,*' an'd she subse quently,' 'for: a consideration/' discloses the fact. Such is the plot. 'But : the performance to be rea lised/mustbe seen. ' The mak^-iip of Mr Lambertj aBAldipinckle, and of Mr Jefferson' as Diggory; are perfect ;. and; the form'u of terror exhibited by them both,1 especially, Mr Jefierson as Diggary,axe al together, protean in their -yatiety,: and ludicrous ui the extreme. 'Nothing;, could withstand it, and; the spectators accordingly abandoned themselves, tolaughter, renewed and lmccntrolied, extinguish able only ,witK the termination of the farce. ' During the paat week Morton|s; amusing and musical burietta, , ?'_, The Invinoibles,' has been peiiormed at, Marsh's Lyceum. This pieceaffords great amuEeinent to, the audience, theprincpal scene being a review of Cupid's brigadej in which the ftfoupe showed themselves thoroughly pro ficient in the manual of infantry exercise, the marehing and bayonet practice being performed ia, a manner which would Jiot throiv discredit on a yolun^eer'corps. Duiirig ; the progress of the piece, ^everalsongs. Were given in a very credit-' obie manuer»i;one.of-;which ?' The Bold Soldier .Boy,' -was sung; byvvMaster Marsh, 'when as CofporaJ O'Flash, a,. 6?e.rlegged ; invalid, he ben comes slightly elevate,d through the exhilarating; irifliene'e of champagne. . It was encored, and; the lasi:yerse8. gobd-hu^ioiredly repeated. In the; interval between the dramatic pieces, Master George Weafcih, the Imtant Paganini, gave his .performances 'on th,e' yibliri, which included, ? Mill. Silenza' and, the: 'Cuckoo,' in a really masterly manner. %9.ii iiigat the performance's were for the benefit 'of Mis3 Jenny Gourlayi .when, ;. in addition tb;'the ????? Iaviiicibles,' a Vo-' raantic drama, -by ??'?Ob«sles- Heade, entitled the 'Ladies' Battle,' was produced. The fair beneficiaire'.s merits were duly recognised by a f ulj houBe. To-.day there will be a- moming per formance of, 'the Inviucibles,,''), and Master .Weston's execution on the violin. ._ The Theatre Royal . has been well patronised throughout the week, and the peiformances- are, generally speaking, of a very superior description, The mid-day performance on Saturday last was a great success, the house being crowded in all parts. ; iiiss : Annette \ Aitken and Madame Tou'rnaise are rapidly becoming favorites. They both perform eome very skilful .acts, and ride grace fully rind boldly: Messrs G-illam and Grifflths appear to' great advantage in some clever acts of equitation and horsemanship, and by their skill and fearlessness, prove themselves accomplished ; riders. ;The gymnastic feats which are performed by! the Brothers Weiland, arid Messrs Gilham t-ad Smith, are of the ? ' drawingroom' order, creating surprise by elegance rather than distor tion. In some of the acts the muscular strength required must be enormous, but they are executed with such outward ease that this consideration is ant to be overlooked. Mr GhristofF's faata nn the tight rope deserve e4^eo5al mention, and the French vaulting by the company is excellently done. A noticeable feature of the entertainment is the few contretemps which occurred to msr the enjoyment, aad altogether the company may bo said to merit the support they appear likely to receive. _____^ ? Mr Loader, we understand, has resigned Wb appointment as commissioner for inquiring into the present state of the gold-fields, and Professor M'Coy has been appointed his successor. 