DISNsRns AND DINNR PAnIEuS.-Thu writer calls rupeon thlree nilliolln revnvein hundred and forty-five thousand four lhulndred andl izt3'-throeo honsewives of Englland to put downll waste and1 impooitionl in their house hold. The legisdature also may, he Ihinks, takeo out of the--'s hands tho task of pro viding cooks, and add to its forlhcoming con sidcrations of thile revised code of education 0ome practical discussion ipjon thle possibility of requiring tlhat girls should be taught to cook. The ar·t of preparing food so tlhat it shall perfectly sulstuain nlln',S healtlh 1ntt strenlgthl, and justify thlo divine wisdom tllhat gave man a talste wheroto 11al food thlllt is wholesome shrill be gratefill, is certainly an art worthly to be cultivated by a wife on whom lone nilmst depend the comfort of a household. The well odcatedl motherl shoull d be colmpeltent to secure for 1'her young chlildren food lprepared with aill care and nicety need fill to their delicate orgalnizration. It is but a stull dtlegenelration l into moc k rflnemenllt tllhat Ilhas loclked up te Ilelat little m nlSlin jpronl of the English Ilhousewife. In Germanyn , il Frailce, in Hlolland, antl oven ill Spain, tilhe lhosewives of thile upeor classes taklo plelasmur inll the performance of their 1hom1o lutie.1 . In their lneait cleuln itchen they order withl edllucatdltl taste the lproleparation of delighltful little dilnners, for tlhe contrivanlce of which nothing wholelomo is wasIted, nothing 11un whlolesome l ,nses into use. In their model kitchens, says oullr a01 thor, everything is chemically clean, nothingi is neglected or for gotten, oco-oemy studiedl, pretty anti dellicioll dislhes are conlceivel nd 11 made firom what tilhe En glish cook thllrows into her swill-tub. Why is there nothing over given to the middlle class school girl of this power to be the trulo queen of 1,er future homo ? Thle Hotel do la Paii, whiclh has jlust beeoon opendl at Paris, snrpassoes anlythlling of the klnd in the world for size and complleteness. 'lile kitchen in which 28 cookls are to officiate; thei diing-saloon, adaplted to receive 800 ghosts andll 100 waiters ; the ball-room land the vostibule; 700 chalmbers and a telegrailph not only conmunlicating with csh of thlem for thile ordinary pIurlposes of tlhe bell, but with thile thlleatres, and indeed with the wholo of Europ10, are amongst thile marvels of tlhe astablislhmonlt. Ult not only will tlhe strangel, be enabled to sleep and dino with every piossible luxury aroundl him, but his intellectual wants are snplliedl--boolks of reoference, dictionaries in all . langugegs, nlnulnls, newspapiers from every corner of thle earth are glitherod together for him in the readling-room. The recently bornll infant of the Queeoon of Spain has receivedl no less than one hundred and twenty-four namcs I The birth was ex tremely suldden-tie state authlorities and deplties having barely time to reach the palace in order0 to "assist," as the phraco is, at thle royal accouchelnment. ANTIEDILUVIAN BIAD.. --Tho moet ciri ous alrticle in tile sllhaplo of bread is a very Iancient spccionen, which, togethller with dried inllpples andi the stones of variolus fruit, was fond llin thile Lake of Zuiiclh. It is known thlat these remains are cooeval with what is termelld thile stone pIeriodl, or tlat far distant ago before the natives discovered the use of iron. It would seem an impossibility that so perishable a material casbread coul 11Ilvo survived for' so many tlhousands of years as it has done ; but analysis proves that it is truo breand, and there can be no doubt it is rightly ascribod to thile remoto period in history given to it. Thoro caln be little doubt that the like remains of the aboriginal inhabitants of this country are yet to be found in our lakeos. Once a Woeek. WANTr o MONIEY TIE TAnMER 01 MEl?N. \--The great tamer of man is doubtless the wanlt of lmonlley. Thlat is the thing that brillgs )people down filom their airy flights nnd romantic imagination, especially when there aOe some deopeneltlnt on them. You may dismiss the very rich, 'who neverl need think alnd scheomo about monly, and hIlow it is to be got, and lhow farl it may be made to go, as an innlprecinblo fraotion of the human race. Care sits hloavv uipon the great mtljority of thlose who are going on. You kInow tile anxious look and inelastic stop of most middlle-aged people whoIe have children, All these thingls 1ar the hresult of the want of money. .Probably it is a needfill and essential 1pur1 to work, andc a useful teacher of modesty, humility~, moderation. No man will be blown up withil a sense of hIlis own coniseqluence, or walk about fancying thati he is being pointed out with thile finger as the illustrious Smith, when.(likl o or Leigh Hunt) he fears lest the baker should refileso to send him bread, or that the washelrwoman should impound his shirts. -Frnzor's Magazine. A poorl Frenohman, whose wife aroused him from sloop with the cry of" Geot up, Baptiste, there is a robber inll the housl!" answered sensibly, "Don't let us molest him - lot him oxplore the house awhile, and if he slould find anything of valno we will take it away from him." ExTsNSlVsc RO?nnnRY AT 'rT1I TIIAMESI TuNNEL.--O0n Monday information was re coived by thile police thllat a foreign nobleman, saidl to be one of tile snito of the Prince Napoleon, had boon plhndered while Ipaslesing from the T'Ihames Tunnel to the adjacent steam-boat piier, of his pooket-book containing a £50, two £10, and throo £5 Bank of England notes, one 1000f. and a 500f. note of the Bank of France, antd a 100 florin Austrian bank note, and £11 in gold and oilver, the thieves getting away with their booty. A reward of £50 is offered. , -'------ ?- -- --- _ ._.?.?. . .. .. 