THEATEICALS AND MUSIC. TnGATRE nnv ah The afternoon performance on Saturday drew on ex cellent house, and lho dress circle was ?well filled T5ilh the rising generation of the colony, who appeared to enter into the scenes ol the circlo with na much gusto as their fathers and mothers did on their first being taken to Astley's. Horsemanship has an especial attraction for children, and it almost makes one feel young again to see the mixture of woudcr and delight with which they regard the charms of the fair equatrienna, the dazzling costumes of the centlemen of Iho company, the iokes and tumbles of tho merry-androws, and the docility of the horses. The little folks literally screamed with delight as the various members of the company mads their entry and ?\Vbcelcd their supple coarser?, wheeled them at their almost Fpeed. Galloped by in squadrons, toasing far the tight jerccd. Iiound the cireuj racinr, faster tlian the ewalloir Hie?, Spurned the ydlow saw dust in the rapt spectator's eye'. Altogether the scene both before and behind tha foot lights was well worth seeiDg by thosa who liko seeing happy faces. After all, what do we gain by knowledge if we lose faith. Would it not ho better to be for ever in that state of mind which induced the juvenile portion of the audience on Saturday to believe in the wit of the clown, the angelic beauty of tha ladies, and the cmco and majesty of the gentlemen! The various feats of ability and strength are executed very neatly, and the performances are well worth visiting. PMSCtBS'S THEATRE. Despite the rubbishy nature of 'Newman Noggs,' it retained possession of the stage until Tuesday, after which it was withdrawn in favour of ' Tho Poor Gen tleman,' which with a couple of forces mado up an excellent bill. The incidents of the first of them, 'The Spectre Bride»room,' are ludicrous in the extreme. A Mr. Nicodemus, on his way to tho house of a young lady upon whom he has matrimonial de signs dies, and his cousin, a tall, attenuated lugubrious pale-faced student, capitally played and made up for by Mr. Ireland, goes on to announce the sad calamity. He is at first taken for the cousin to whom he bears a* strong rcsemDianco, ana is made ngnt welcome, out on tne arrival of the servant Diggory (Mr. Jefferson), with news that the real Simon Puro'is defunct, the visitor is taken for a ghost. The absurd situations that follow may be guessed when wo state that Jefferson, Lambert, and Harwood take part in them, but eventually, .after frightening the whole household from its propriety, poor Nicodemns finds that tho only way ho has of establishing the fact that be is a creature of flesh and blood is to espouse one of tbo daughters of tho house, a proceeding to which 6 ho nothing loth assents. Th- wall-known farce of tho ' Double Bedded Room,' with Lambert and Mrs. Phillips in the principal characters, sent tbo audience homo in excellent humonr. The ' Cricket on the Hearth' is announced for this evening, the company being still further strengthened by Miss Emma Neville, who wiU play Tilly Slowboy. HABSH'S BOTAI XYCETTM. In addition to his other attractions, Mr. Marsh bos bit upon a decided novelty in a clever child. Master Georce Weston. who. slthonph onlv six vears nld. already possesses an almost perfect mastery 'over that most wonderful of all instruments tho violin, lie made bis debut on Monday last, when his style of playing excited no little astonishment and admiration, not 'only amongst the general public, but even among the cog noicenti, present. George Weston was born in Colling wood in the year 1S5U, and, the son of a musician, had the violin first put into his hands fomc twelve months ago. He appears to read tho notes with greater facility than most children of his age do their Utters, and pos sesses a delicacy of touch and a power of execution not often femnd in adult players. His rendering 'Of the somewhstdifficult solos 'II Silenzio' acd 'The Cuckoo' satisfied us that a musician like a poet is bora, not made ; though it perhaps is matter cf regret, that a child giving such promise of fuluro excellence should so soon have been brought before Iho public. 'Tho Bough Diamond,' 'Tho Trip to Brighton,' and. 'The Invin cibles,' in which some military evolutions were per formed in a most creditable manner by the young ladies of the troupe, have been played during tho week. COPPH'S AFO1LO MUSIC HAXI. Those who recollect how important a part ' The Caves of Harmony,' of which Thackeray has so fond a remem brance, plaj in London life, must have felt surprised that &n; institntion presenting so many advantages had not long ago been transplanted to the antipodes. A place in which a gentle man could smoke a cigar, and drink a cup of coffee, while at the sinio time his ears wcro regaled and his taste improved by really good music, ha3 been for a long timo a want severely felt in Melbourne by those to whom fate has denied the cotnfortsof n home, and who yet are indisposed to seek the questionable pleasure of the cafes chantanti with which the city abounds. In tho great metropolis, this want is supplied by two or three e«tabll3hments, of which Evans's is facile prin dps. Somo of our readers who 'Smoked their in dependent pipe along the quadrant wido' a quarter of a century ugo, and whoso 'hot youth' was when ?William tho fourth was king, may shudder at the name ot Evans's, but we can assure them that during lho last lustrum, lho improved state of public morals, and the Kslhctical condition of the public taste has eliminated from our public singing rooms all their grossness; that the dajs when Sam Hall was popular havo passed away; that soft music is no longer wedded to words tho reversa of sweet, and that nothing is now heard in tho Piazzas which might not bo uttered in an Evangelical drawing-room. Mr. Coppin, with hU usual saga city, has taken Evans for his model, hut in many respects ho has improved upon tho original. The now room, or ratber rooms— for them are two of them— aro at right angles with each other, and form two sides of a parallelogram, tho stage being erected in the corner common to both. This plan has its advantages and disadvantages. Tho peasant's too does not gibo upon the courtier's heel, or in other words, the shilling and two shilling audienco aro not placed in unpleasant juxtaposition. Thoso who, although on pleasuro bent havo a frugal mind, aro not overlooked by the bloated aristocrats to whom price is no object, and the segregation is, wo should imagine, pleasant to both Dives and Lazarus. On tho other hand, tho innovation necessitates tho performers singing to two audiences, a task of no ordinary difficulty. Tho rooms aro elegantly fitted up, statues, mirrors, magnifi cent chandeliers, nnd works of art, catch tbo oyo at every turn, nnd in thn rnntrn tn ri hnftntifnl nir-tnm nf JQTinV*. epearo iu coloured glass. Tho scene at tho bsck of tho stago represents tho Temple of Apollo, or some other highly Grecian arrangement, and infuses tho necessary amount of clasaicality into tho general aspect of tho rooms. The ono is divided into rows of comfortable benches, while tho other prestnts the nppear.inco of H Parisian Cafe, the creaturo comforts being dispensed by Messrs, Spiera and Pond. Tho Hall was opened on Saturday even ing, and if tho crowd which was then assembled there bo any proof of tho future popularity of tho new room, its prosperity may he considered a fait accompli. Every av&ilabla; inch was occupied, anil a largo number of persons were scarcely able to obtain ingrcos. If we wcro disposed to bo hypercritical, wo might point out that little attention has been paid to acoustic principles in the construction of tho building, and that tho voices of the singers appear to have n tendoncy to go nnywhero rather than to the ears of their audiences. Tho concert commenced with tho 'National. Anthem,' in which tho entire company took part, after which several selections from ' II Trovatore' were given. Madamo Carandini, who was warmly received, executing 'Tacea la Notts' in splendid style, nnd the choruses being given with great effect. During tho evening, Madamo Carandini also sang ' Anniu Laurie' and ' Tho Last Koso of Summer.' Miss Chalker and tho Misses Itoyal con tributed in uo Bmall uegroo to tho success of the enter tainment, and Mr. Sherwin's spirited rendering of 'Oh, let molikoaeoldierfall,' from ' Maritnno,' wao warmly applau'dcd. Mr. Loder, Mr. P. Coppin, and Mr. Creed Koyal, wcro tho principal instrumentalists, whi'.o tho hull'o portion of the concert was done full justice to by Mr. Bailow, wIiobo clever pcrformauco on tho violin, wood harmonicon, banjo, and bones, were as highly relished in tho pre-AUamita era P.i they aro today, and Mr. John timall, a more modern but not less successful aspirant for popular favour. Mr. Barlow's rominiscencea of Melbourne as it was ten years ago, and Mr. Small's account of tho lato volunteer review, were amsng tho goms of tho concert. Tho Hall has been woll attended every evening during tho week, and promises to becomo tho evening resort of all tho/«7ieuri in Molbournc. THE I'JJJJLII.HllIOXJCC COXOEIII. Tire concert at tho Exhibition Building, on Tuesday, was of a character to add greatly to tho high reputation tho society hud previously oujoyed. Mendelssohn's 'Hymn of Prniso,' which constituted tho first portion ol the entortaininont, was well rendered. Tho fino opening chorus was spiritedly fnterpretod, nud Miss 6o!o portion of ' Praise thou the Lord ' iu an ovcu aud pieasinp; manner. Mr. Dcaumont, although rather husky in eonio of bis lower nttes, was warmly applauded in the rooitutivo ' Sinjr yo Praise;' nnd tho chorus exe cuted tho rather diflicult chorus 'All yc that cried' in a very creditable mnnuor. Miss Hamilton and Miss Neville fanp; lite exquisite dupt 'I waited for tho Lord' most charmingly ; and Mr. Beaumont declaimed ' Watchman, will Ihe night soon pafs.' with unwonted energy. Uoethoven'n ' No. 8 Symphony,' with which tho becond pnrt of thu concoi t opened, was judiciously treated ; and Miss Hamilton ma'Jo a praiseworthy eflbic to give Weber's grand scenn from 'Dsr Frclschutz,' but tho musio was bojonil her capaslty. Mr. Horaloy'a cl.orus ' Too Lute,' the words from tho ' Idylls cf the King,' WES worked out with skill, and pleased tho audience to much thnt it was encored. Hi*B Neville sang an air from Donizetti very ploieiuglyj and 'Star of tho Summer NJjjlit,' u new part son» by Jlr. Ituttcr, was also encored. Tho melody is simple, nnd possesses the merit of bmvity. Mr. Aiifius executed tbo baiitonc coin, from thi-Ziitberfloto, ' Qui norfegiio,' very fairly. ' Tho Violsr,' a quartetta by Mr. I'otlntd, was bo baiify executed, owinp to there having been no rohearsul, that wo mint defer criticising it uutll another occasion. An effective Spatiiih nria hy Mr, IV.dcr, bucg by M(m Kcvillc, was encoted ; nnJ, niter 'Lightly I donee' lmd heuu given hy Mist Hamilton, the 'Overture to William Tell ' wtll yUyul liy tho lmnd. brought a most fcucceesf ul concert to a satUfactory termination. FBOTIXCIAK. BAM.AARAT. — On Monday a censation drama of tho most li»rrowing description, yclept 'The Beggnr'9 Peti tion,' was produced at the Koyal; oven thecloveracting of Mifs Jatia Matthews sud Messrs. Ffvvrcctt and Ed wards, however, could not raise the piece above medio ciity, i»nd it was quite a roliof when the curtain fall on tha last aw. Tho burlesque of ' Puss in Boots,' wherein Miss Julis Matthews sustains tLe character ofKnlp'A'o, and Mr. FawceU that of the cat fo familiar to iu in our youthful days, has been played as the afterpiece durioR the weak with much success. Tho cxlr»vaganza is well plaved and hbe.-nlly mounted, a panorama illustrating; tho hero's travels, in which a pretty glimpse of Austra lian bush tconery passes before ue/ being especially worthy of mention. OuThatsdsy night tho 'accom- plished Julia' took her benefit, when the camodyof 'A Friend in Need ' was presented. Mr. Hill has been attracting somewhat thin houses nt the Mechanics', although his ekctttlonary iecturca ara unusu»Uy clever and cmusing. Doubtless the weather has much to answ«r for. Tun GEKLOsa Theatre is to let. CJHOXIAX. Du.inms.— The Otago Times of 1st July, had tho followiap;:— 'At the Princess Theatre lust nigtit there was a crowded house to seo the new romantic drama entitled 'The Denouncer, or the Seven Clerk!,' pro duced for the first time. Mr. Tom Fawcett took the part of Claude Arnaud with considerable success. Tne performance went off very well throughout. The same programme is announced for repetition this evening. . The work of altering tho Princess Theatre has been begun, and will most probably bo finished this week. The new stage is being erected at the opposite end to the old one, the horse stalls about which so many jibes have been made, havo been cleared away, and the ihcutro i3 thu3 being made larger as well as more comfortable, and convenient. This new stago was last night occupied with scats, the ' pit' being for the occasion mado the highest instead of the lowest part of tho house.' JlonAitT Tow.v.— The following is from the Mcrcurp of 1st July: — ' Harry Jackson's complimentary benefit last night, under tho patronage of His Excellency and Mrs. Gore Browne, was attended by a very full house. Tho dress circle presented a very brilliant appearance, a Urge number ol the leading citizens and their families being present. Tho performances, which consisted of tho comedies of ? London Assurance' and 'Paul Pry,' terminated at a late, or rather.an. early hour this morn ing. Jlr. Jackson may be justly proud of the testimony borne, on the conclusion of his management, to the spirit and success with which the season has been conducted. We havo seldom, never perhaps, had a similar opportu nity of witnessing tho production in Hobart Town of a continued succession of pieces which have been, with scarcely an exception, theatrical triumphs.' LauXckston.— The Royal was optned on Monday tost by a dramatic company, under the management of Mr. Charles Podlo, but tbc'attcndance, we regret to add, was rather thin. ? 