Crifa of Wti fftft J|ur our. Can any one define the exact width of a narrow escape? Never run in debt with shoemakers — for then you can't say your sole is your own. What invitation would be dangerous and disloyal to a soldier ? — Asking him to dinner and dessert. A Yankee editor threatens to make his subscribers as intimate with the County Court as he is himself, if they don't pay up. Which is the most heavenly spot in Her Majesty's dominions ? — The Isle of Skye. The most windy ? — The town of Ayr. Squalid beggar— 'Pray, sir, take pity on a miser able wretch; I have a wife and six children.' Gent — ' My poor fellow, accept my heartfelt sym pathy — so have I.' Dryden's translation of Virgil being commenced by a right reverend bishop, Lord Chesterfield ob served, ' The original is indeed excellent ; but every thing suffers by a translation — except a bishop.' The cabman is the most aspiring of mortals. Whatever stand he may have reached, he is always looking for a hire. The following ia an epitaph at Neston Sfc Nicholas : — ' Here lies Elizabeth Mann. She lived an old maid and died an old Mann.' Why is the ' Hallelujah Chorus' a good piece to end a concert with ? — Because it is always best to wind up with a Handel. A clergyman at a funeral, when at the grave aide» said to the chief mourner — 'Is it a brother or sister?' He received the puzzling answer ? ' Neither ; it is only a cousin.' It is exceedingly bad husbandry to harrow up the feelings of your wife, to rake up old quarrels, to hoe (owe) a grudge, and to low discord. Mugging, gazing intently at a dead dog in the gutter, in a resigned tone, at last said, 'Here is another shipwreck.' ' Shipwreck, where ?' blurted out Juggins; ' Where, my dear friend?' quoth M. ' There is a bark lost for ever.' Juggins growled, and passed on. An editor says his attention was first drawn to matrimony by the skilful manner in which a pretty girl handled a broom. A brother editor says the manner in which hi- wife handles a broom is not so very pleating. An Irish tailor, having made a gentleman's coat and vest too small, was ordered to take them home and let them out. Some days after, the gentleman was told that hii garments happened to fit a country man of his, and he had let them out at a shilling a week. An Iriih barrister lately addressed a full court in Bankruptcy as 'gentlemen,' instead of 'your honors.' A brother barrister reminded him of his error; he rose to apologise thus: — 'May it please your honors, I find I called your honors gentlemen. I made a mistake yer honors.' He then sat down, and w» hope the Court were satisfied. A private subscription was got up among Charles James Fox's friends to clear his feet when he stuck fast in the mud of endless debt. ' How will Fox take it?' observed a frieud to Pitt, when society wa3 asking if the champion of liberal opinions would be easy under such assistance. ' Take it r' replied Pitt, ' why quarterly, to be sure.' Notes aitd Queries. — When is a bad loss not a bad loss ? — When it's made good. When is an ox not an oxf — When it is turned into a meadow. ' All's well that ends well,' said the monkey, con templating his beautiful tail. When may an Ame rican Indian said to be out of sorts? — When his tom'-hawk** out of order. ' What work did you do first ?' asked one lad of another. — ' Why, cut teeth, of course,' replied the other instantly. Some 'stupids,' bantering a fat companion, re marked, that, if all flesh was grass, he must be a load of hay; ' I suspect I am,' said he, ' from the way you asses are nibbling at me.' A noted miser, having relented so much as to give a beggar a sixpence, died suddenly soon afterwards, and the attendant physician gave it as his opinion tiiat death had resulted from 'enlargement of the heart.' To prevent beer from being turned by thunder, ascertain that it is perfectly good, and draw off en tirely in pint pots. Then having collected an equal number of railway navigators, distribute accordingly. Ttiis will answer in the hottest summer. 'Mr. John Smith' gives notice, in an evening paper, that he will not be accountable for any debts incurred by his wife. This reminds us of an old story, that a wag, finding the pit full at Drury-lane, called out at the entrance, ' Mr. Smith's house is on fire,' whereupon seven-and-twenty gentlemen sprang upon their legs to rush out of the theatre. EditoeiaIi Expebienoes of ' Abtesots Wabd.' — In the Ortum of 18 — , my frend, the editor of the Baldinsville Bugle, was obleged to leave perfesherual dooties & go & dig his taters, & he axed me to edit for him doorin his absence. Accordingly I ground up his Shears and commenced. It didn't take me a grate while to slash out oopy enuff from the xchanges for one isioo, and I thawt Pd ride up to the next town on a little Jaunt, to rest my Branei which had bin severely rackt by by mental efforts. (This is sorter Ironical.) So I went over to the Rale Road offiss and axed the Sooprintendent for a p.»- -?. ' You a editer?' he axed, evijently on the pint ot Bmekerin. ' Yes, sir,' sez I, ' don't I look poor enuff ?' ' Just about,' sed he, ' but our Road can't pars you.' 'Can't, hay?' ' No, sir, it can't.' 'Beeauz,' sez I, looking him full in the face with a Eagle eye, ' it goes so darned slow it can't pars anybody !' Methinks I had him thar. It's the slowest Rale Road in the West. With a mortified air he told me to git out of his offiss. I pittied him and went. London Beutamty. — One of the most disgust ng and painful engagements is that of looking through ;he police records of London, and of the great pro vincial towns of England. Scores of cases of the nost horrid brutality and almost incredible depravity tppear in the daily reports, without any accompany - ng comments, just as if they were the natural out .vorkings of a high state of civilization. We have 10 wish to make a collation of these horrors ; the ,wo examples following are in no respeot worse than ;he ordinary run of this class of outrages : — ' John Pox, a burly labourer, living in Old Montague street, Whitechapel, was charged with violently issaulting Caroline, his wife. The prisoner's daugh ter, a rather fine young woman, who cried while jiving evidence, said — Last night my mother, father, ind myself were at home ; some words arose between ;hem because he wanted me to go upon the streets, ind she insisted that I should not. He then sroke the legs of the chair, and beat her with them, after which he struck her on the back of the head with this (a large common lat-iron). She fell on the floor ; he took her up and lung her across the room like a cat., I ran out and *ot a police-constable. She bled very much, and is now going to the hospital ; she could not be moved before. A certificate from Dr. Edmond, of Spital iquare, was put in, and showed that the patient was suffering from lacerated wounds on the scalp and contused eyes, the result of severe blows from some blunt instrument. Mr. Lsigk remanded the prisoner.' — The next case came out in evidence taken before the coroner for East Surrey, on the body of Jane Louisa Olerman. 'Eliza Jones, 'Camberwell, said that she was at home, when a Mrs. Goodenough cams to her, and induced her to go to No. 1£ in the same street, and she there found the deceased reclining on a sofa in the kitchen, her head being supported by one hand. She appeared either dead or dying. She called her by name, but only her eyelashes moved, ghe with her son's wife lifted her head, and rested it on her shoulder. She cried out for some one to go and fetch a doctor, and upon his arrival he pro nounced life to be extinct. Both her eyes were blackened, her nose had bled and there were bruises on her body, and her arms appeared displaced. The. Coroner — Did you see how the injuries were inflicted ? Witness— I saw some of them inflicted on the pre vious night. I saw three blows given with the fist by Richard Samuel Tare, a man. with whom she lived as his wife. I found in her pocket two papers labelled 'Poison.' At 2 o'clock the same afternoon she said, 'I will make away with myself in consequence of my husband's ill-treatment.' She replied that as her husband had beaten her so, he should bury her next week, as she was leading a ,. most unhappy life. The Coroner — How long has this sort of treatment lasted ? Witness — I have seen her twice before bruised, and her eyes blackened once — a fortnight before her last confinement. Mr. Chabot, surgeon, of CamberweU, said Bhe had died from the effects of oxalic acid. A female named Goodenough, the landlady of the house, said — I heard her say wheu he was ill-treating her the previous night, 'Dick, you have almost murdered me, bnt you, shall not do so auy more ;' when he gave her three innre blows on the head. ('Sensation.) The iurv returned a veruiirv to the effect that the deceased died from poison, b.it there were causes affecting her mind. The learned Coroner then addressed Tare, and told him that he ought to feel exceedingly thankful that the deceased had not died from the effects of his brutal treatment ; if she Jhad, he would have sent him to Newgate for murder.' — And thia reproof was the only punishment iuflioted upon the murderer! How Members of Pabuaiieni abe Paid is Feance. — Members of the Corps Legislatif (Com mons) are paid in France £5 per diem ; but there is a talk of commuting their sessional allowance into a fixed annual salary of 10,000f. (£400) each, which is more dignified, but cheaper, and therefore not to the taste of all these worthies. Every Senator gets three times the amount, and a pretty round sum between ' both your houses' is thus paid by France for the, thinnest ghost of Parliamentary government, 