THEATRE ROYAL. The expectations raised by the announcement of Macbeth, with an attempt at something like the scenic effects produced at the Princess's in Charles Kean's revival of this once popular tragedy, were realised last night before a densely crowded house, to an extent which probably exceeded the proper captious of those most disposed to be sanguine, as to the result of a somewhat hazardous and', no doubt, costly experiment, disorders has never probably, been put upon the stage, in any of even the largest theatres in the Australian Capitals, in the same style and with the equally effective appliances of scenery, illusions and costume. It is needless to say, that nothing of the kind has ever ever been attempted heretofore in Tasmania. We may single out for special notice the view-in the first act of the magnificent exterior of Macbeth's Castle the scenery of the antique court and galleries in the Castle, in the murder scone-thoappearancoof Banquo's ghost at the supper, and the flight of Hecate on a monstrous bat away up into the clouds. The appearance of chorus of witches and the singing to Locke's celebrated music for this part of the drama, was something entirely now for Hobart Town, and was rewarded with deserved applause The music, both vocal and instrumental, was exceedingly well rendered, and the management are under considerable obligations to Miss Annie Lewis, who kindly volunteered her services as first singing witch-an arrangement to which the success of this part of the performance was no doubt. mainly attributable. The supper scene, in which the Ghost rises in Banquo's chair, and again appears in one of the massive pillars of the Gothic Bouquet ting Chamber, elicited great applause from an audience evidently conscious of the efforts made for their entertainment and desirous to be pleased. Some little awkwardness marred the effect of the first appearance of the Ghost in the chair, but the apparition of the '! unreal mockery" in the transparent pillar was a complete triumph. The illusion was most successful, and a little more care will probably, in any future performance, remedy the miil-adroituossof the effect with the chair. The performance of the dramatic artistes ought perhaps, to have taken thomas of the mechanical contrivances which are only auxiliaries of the actor's art. Mr. Warner's Macbeth was a very elaborate study of this great part. His rendering of the mingled emotions of the aspiring subject, compounded of boundless ambition excited by the suggestive predictions of the weird sialers/'corapunction for the virtuous Prince, irresolution on the eve of his contemplated crime, and horror. and dismay at its inexorable magnitude and ghastly consequences-was marked by a subtle and delicate appreciation of the Macbeth of Shakspere's conception, and amply sustained the reputation this gentleman has gained in his im- personations of other principal characters in the tragedies of the great dramatist. Air. Warner was loudly demanded at the fall of the curtain, and greeted with rounds of cheers, and a shower of bouquets. Mr. Andrews, who had very effectively sustained the part of Macduff, was also called before the curtain. We must not omit to mention that Mrs. Jackson made an excellent Malcolm, and was frequently and loudly applauded. Dotsoij Baker was the afterpiece, and went off as usual, amidst the mirth and cheers which the amusing comicalities of Mr. Jackson, and the vivacious coquetry of his clover little wife, never fail to provoke in this capital farce. In order to afford the public another opportunity of witnessing the great success of last night's performance, Macbeth will be repeated this evening, to be followed by the farce of the King's Gardener. < , i 