YELVERTON MARRIAGE CASE. LORD ARDMILLAN'S ' DECTKT nu. '.(Continued from yeBtordey'a Herald .) It is not alleged that before they met at Galatn, thoro wus any promiso or cngngomont to'innrry. They" liact soon oncli othor only once ; and it is not suggested that, prior to their meeting at Galnto, there hud been anv lerious love-making at all. The pursuer makes on record tho following itotement in regard to what passed at tho meeting at Galata. In the fifth article of her revised condescendence she says (p. 42) :— life then 'paid his addresses to tho pur suer, nnd courted her for his wifo, proles- fessing tho most Bincero love, . cBtecm, and regard, and his purpose and intention of marrying tho pursuer ; and lie then promised andengtigcd to marry her. Ho thereby gained tho pursuer's affections, so that she promisod to intermarry with him, and to neoept him for her husband, and these mutual promises of marriage wero frequently after- yards renewed by tho pnrties. Tho pursuer required, however, that tho marriage should not tako placo till after tho termination of hostilities ; and, upon that footing, an cngugo ment to delay the marriago was entered into between tho defender nnd pursuor." Tlie-o averments nro denied by tho dofendor, who alleges, on tho other hand, that — "Tho intorviow was short; but in consd- quonco of tho advances made by the pursuer, great familiarities ensued."— (P. G3, Rev. Stat., art. iv.) . . There is no direct evidence of wliat occurred at that meeting at Galata ; and probably nono- could havo beon expeoted. But in tho letters, written immediately thereafter, there is a record of tho position and tho feel ings ' of tho pnrliee, which shed not a little light on that subject. If tho pursuer's statement is true, that thero was then and there a proposal, a promise, and an actual engage ment to marry, and a postponement of tho marriage, at her request, till the termination of hostilities, then tho correspondence between die dnto of that mooting at Galata and thoir aext- mooting in the Crimen, Bovernl months doeJrwards, would Buroly boar soma rofercnco to tho relntion in which thoy stood, nnd to tho engagement, so interesting and so important, which they had made. There is, however, nothing in tho corre spondence to support tho arcrments of tho pursuer in regard to this mooting at Galata. On. tho contrary, there is an inconsistency between tho pursuer's lcttors and her state ments on tho record, of which her counsel had given no satisfactory explanation. In 10 far as these letters present a picture of tho pursuor's poEition ond feelings after tho meet ing at Galata, it is not a picture at all re- tumbling that which bIio has described on tho record. If she had just received, tho proposal, which oho lmd bo much desired— if bIio had just'- formed the engugemcnt for which hor heart so ardently panted, and townrda whioh the had made so littlo progreeB in tho previous correspondence, then; though stio might havo boon sad in tho prospect of war and danger, the must havo beon proud, happy, and hopeful in regard to hor affections, and these feelings must havo been expressed or indicated in her letters. But tho first letter written by her, after tho meeting at Galata, commences thus :— " Once more lost ! Surely fate is malicious beyond measure, or wo ore bad stccrcrs of our barguo ! Quel tour olio nous jout. Yon cer tainly acted your part well and stoically ; but, oh, you must lot mo grumble a littlo bit — my heart and head aro foolish, and if you will not let mo spook of that I must bo silont. What is the use of telling mo of nny future reality ? You are a ghost, a phantom, a coinage of any brain — that is all; a bright lovesbla ono at flrenow becoming painful and torturing." — It ie ecarcely possible that this can havo beon written immediately after a seono of affectionate love, terminating in a formal proposal and a solemn engagement of marriage, with a post ponement only nt the writer's own request. Tho defender, in a letter written in reply to one from the pursuer, in regard to a discovery of their intimacy by tho Lady Superior at Galata, says : — " Still, if there be that in your position that causes Uicbo ' lies to give you more pain han a cessation of our correspondence, I soy, ith pain, lot it cease." — (P. 133, F.) 'How I envy your brother in Australia from your description. I think I must end in tho Rooky Mountains. I never shall got respect able and word cut out. Dorcndor says the word was ' moral' enough for this very old stato of society. I am really very sorry for it, but amendment on that point won't comoj so don t trust me more than is the duo of, I hone a chivalrous savage." — (P. 133, G.) ' It is right to mention that tho cutting out of the words in tins letter has boon satisfactorily explained. There are other letters mutilated and many letters not produced, in regard to which there is no explanation ; but thoro is a sufficient explanation in regard to this lottor. Ilio pursuer replied in a long, clevor, nnd im' portant letter, in which she says : — " I ask for no amendment, nnd havo littlo faith in conversions ; I accord to others the liberty I expect for myself," — (P. 135, D.) And then she udds : — If you pro the chivalrous savsgo I describe, then my faith has indeed beon well planted ; jrilyour phraso did not rend exactly so, but as though you would warn mo not to trust ton bUlcli. Whatever you mennt on this point, I have but one answer to make, I must trust nil or not nt all with you. I oan'liaTo no half Measures ; and romo weal or -woo of it, I am prepared to meet it, and will make tho host of (P. 13G..A) ' Again, she writes : — Oh for somo desert isle, 'where wo niight navo it all our own. way, nnd act as' the spirit Jrioved. Could you corao to Smyrna it I wont were for t10 wjuter p"_,p_ 13y C ) Major Yelvorton writes to her: - . , ou ore disc.intontod, and I cannot luster t yur content. You have left tho coi.Iln-r ' and nm "'GI in' quarantine. Tako 'f.,nVC you. 'ouch mc, back you como for.tho term of tho infected. Wo must only look it— . - ' '::. at. and tulk to ono another thram.li n.„ k„„ Tl-o fear.of eontagion is as much f diseaso any ono of nature's ailinga, and nil fonra nro infectious. You linvo caught this one, nnd social caution, vigilant sentry, stands between us, elnying your approach mo-wnrds, with grave advieo and friendly sorming foruwnrning and anno Iheo-wards, with loaded nmis and stern command, stand buck." — (P. 138, F.) To' this tho pursuer replies : — ' " You are quite right about your fear of in fectious disease — it is not only a reality, but worso than tho tiling feared ; so pray let mo touch you nnd share tho infection. I infinitely prefer it to standing shivering without tho bars. ... If y0U |mT0 t|,0 colmigo to knock down tho sentry with loaded arms, you may safely trust mo to elude or doludo my cautious friendly advisors ; and, in- spilo of tho awful uproar it mado, I repent — « Whistle mid I'll," etc., etc. . . . Let us hang wncrnl Custom pour nous en do bnrasser. If wo nro to follow his orders our drcr.m or reality nro . nliko defunct never to riso again. Wo might ns well at onco slinlto hands nnd bid a long farewell. 1 The last word is spoken— tho last kits is given— wo shall nevor meet but in Hell or in Henvcn,' so you had better come from your hole once more."— Pp. 139 E.— 140, A.) To .this. vory. singular letter the dofendor replies 111 0110 of those warning sentences which are so frequently met witlf ill bis letters :— : " I am sorry we nro "not friends. What can I do for yon ? I am in tiio wood vot, nnd must not whistle till I'm out. (1>. l-l'o, E.) , Now, it appears to tho Lord Ordinary to bo' mipossiblo to road iheso portions of tho cor respondence, the reoord of tho position and feelings of tho parties -when fresh from their meeting at Galata, without being satisfied that tho allegation of the .pursuer, lo tho effect that there' was then und llicrc u promiso and an ongngement to marry, nnd-ii 'postponement of tho marriage, at her own request, till tho termination of hostilities, is contrary to- tho fact. It is not suggested by the pursuer that tho nvcrment is proved ; but, it . is urged ns probable theory, nnd it is put ns part of her case. To the Lord Ordinary it appears to be unnatural nnd -improbable, uud inconsistent with the correspondence. Tho parties next met in .tho Orimen, svhoro the. pursuer, baring rcceivod a general .invita tion from Lady Strriubenzoe, wont in tho beginning of March, 185G. .Tho -hut of tho defender was near that of General Straubenzeo. But- tho defender. and the pursuer did not ineot for fourteen days after hor .arrival. At- length thoy met ut the General's hut, -and, as was to bo oxpeciod in such' society, they met as 'n gentleman and Indy, and "tlicro wns. nothing in tho slightest, degree unbecoming in tho conductor cither.' The pursuer had mado her own communication in rcgoril' to her position ; and Mojor 'Yelvorton was, in consequence thereof, and of tho admiration which ho realty felt slid -did not disguise, considered by tho General and his lady as a suitor of tho pur suor." Still they did not meet as pledged lovers; for, us already explained, there bad- been 110 engagement: at Galata— there was no: engagement -made in tho Orimen, and thoy did -not part as - engaged persons ' whan they separated on board the steamboat, when . slio Bailed from - Balaclava to. Constantinople. Tho pursuer herself thus de scribes what passed, botwecn them in tho' Crimea ; end the sceno which she so. describe- isquito inconsistent with tho idea of an existing engagement to marry : — ' " Porhnps -now you will reproach mo with expressing too much what I feel— it would bo: quito as consistent ns your complaining of my want of mngnctia attraction" when- in -the' Crimea ; it is useless to toll you what attracted mo to tho Crimen, at tho risk of being frozen to death — it is 'to no purpose recapitulating syhat cocrct instinct pointed out to mo your littlo hut — how in. spirit I- boggod nnd prayed to. bo let in for -nieroy's sake, for. pity's sake- no, you'woro invulnerable, for n wholo fortnight you resisted the small plaintive voice — nnd- you- must recollect, Curio mio, that one sad morn ing forcibly withdrawing your, hand from mo w|ien tny heart wna- bursting 'with lovo and griof — and the touch of that harid'wos my only strengthith rough that fearful trial,- when -with ono fell swoop you-- tore down tho chorisliod dream of, my. life." — (P. 159, 0.) / Accordingly, Lady.Straubenzoo says : — " My understanding was, 'that any engage ment between tho pursuer and tho dofendor wns broken off wlion she left ' tho Crimea." — (P. 361, G.) . . Now, she knew nothing of the true. relations between llio pursuer and- defender.- She had beon told by tho. pursuor that there- was an. ongngement ; therefore 'for somo timo' sho looked upon them its engaged parties, butovori she understood that thoro svas no engagement when they loft the : Crimea; and the. 'pursuer herself says: — - "Mrs. Straubenzeo did not like you, but - you wero becoming -quite a' favourite, only at last you disappointed her in not coining to tho finale she wished." — (P. 14G, B.) When the pursuor quitted tho Crimea .for. Constantinople, tho dofendant accompanied her to tho steamer, -and nn interview tcok-placo, in regard to which tho statements of -ilio -cspeo-, tiro parties are most conflicliug. Tho pursuer says that Bhri 'had proposed to break off the engagement, that tho defender would not agree to it, und endeavoured .to. persuade' licr 'to' a secret marriage ;' and suggested the; marriage in tho Greek - Chapel at Balaclava, Tlio defender denies that thero was any engagement or any suggest ioir of marriage, and avers that great familiarity again ensued on this last occasion. Hero, again, . thoro is no direct .eridonco of . what occurred ; and . it is necessary to linvo recourse to .tho -correspondence to ascertain in what terms tho pursuer herself refers to that meeting. In the first letter written after tlio meeting, tho pursuor thus refers to if: — : 11 'This timo last Sat-urdoy night, Carlo mio, was our Eocond Bteamor Bceno. God grant tlio third bo not far distant, und tlio consummation of all. What a most eccentric phonomenon, that our destiny should' -hang by a steamboat-! Did I - go to' sleep -and droam it ? — that you watched ' orcr me all night; for in the grey dawn I -awoke and thought I b»w you.? : : Nay, more !' : Or did yon wnko me, as Diana Endymion in the grove ?" —(P. 142, A) . : ; That tho preciso moaning of the refaronco to tho story of Diana and- Endymion was under stood- by the pursuer: is . obvious, -..from ,,a- subsequent, letter of her, own, iit ' which .she soys : — ' 11 " My kismet nt present is 'to florttaround you in ambient air— to liover rii-nr yqu,. unfelt,. unseen — to 'rehearse Diana and Endymion— to kiss tho olosod ejes of one wlio sliimboring lies, ns sleeping- in tho. grove, ,:ho dreamed not of hor 1 lovo.'"— (P..i58i G.)- y .. . In tho same letter iri fsvhich' sho speaks of this socond steamor soenbjisho says :— " As I know the length, depth, and breadth of your wickedness now, you need havo no fear of losing my good opinion — comprenoz. vous? To-day I havo beori'ruririjng "nhout, and linvo found tho bank of violets yoit'wero sighing for tho other night, entirely' olosed in by verdure j it overhangs theBOU, 'impervious to humnn eye or ear ; only the nightingale above would' melodise our : thoughts, too deep and sacred for mortal words to tell."— (P. 143, F.) In another letter, written vory soon after tho first, sho says :- — " I havo rcceivod within tho last throo days two lcttors, very" different, in stylo, but the same purport, ono-from-our friend Silvor and Blue, .t-lio most perfect specimen of amatory diction I ever read — any woman must feel delighted — -and does mo gnod. Aftor tho humiliation received from you, I was feeling quito unworthy of anybody."— (P. 145, 13 ) Tho pursuer. says that llioso passages refer to no nnbceoritihg familiarity ; and that tho " humiliation" hero moniionei as making her feci " quito unworthy, of.miy ono," was tho de fender proposal of a secret marriage, which sho had rejepted.'That proposal — any proposal short of a regular : marriage . by a priest of her own faith — olio says that sho. considered a humilia tion.-- - Tho Lrird Ordinary, .though very reluctant 'to construo her letters scvorely,' or judge her conduct harshly, is quite unable to arrive at that conclusion. There is not a particle of evidonco.of this proposal of a secret marriage. Tlio pursuer puts it only as a theory or conjecture, nnd, as such, it is not consistent with the correspondence, nnd it does not explain tlio passages in tliiB letter. But thero nro nro other passages in tho pursuer's letter at this time as suggest ivo and ea difficult to explain in necordanco with tho pursuer's letter. Sho says : — " Wo'cnnnot do as other peoplo do ; hut arc wo like other peoplo that wo should follow to tho letter tho samo rulo ? You certainly are not ; you linvo an individuality which is characterised os extraordinary by nil who know you you havo hut now given a too painful proof of it-, and I hnvo always had a feeling that your fate, and mino in connection with you, must bo out of the beaten track — it has been so far, nnd, ns wo. cannot got it straight, would it not bo wisdom to enjoy it crooked ? Tell me, is this philosophy or sophism ?'— (P. 154, G.) w In the same letter she says : — " If yon cannot manage any rcnlity tlint you nro always harping about, shall wo go back to tho ideal? I'll try to dream again, nnd we'll avoid that dangerous proxitnily, or odik forco, wluuh made us both feel so erazv, and pro duced n physiological phenomonou'l had nevor boforo realised."— (P. 155, F.) It is in vain to attempt to disguise "that" there" letters aro vory warm and vory impassioned, both in regard to something past and remem bered, and in rcgnrd to something anticipated and desired. In thoir retrospcer. thoy did not relate to marriage, or to a promise or engage ment to marry, In prospect or aim it may bo that tho pursuer lmd marriage in her view, but thoro is nothing to lead to tho inference that tlio defender tlion eontomplntod.mnrriiige and there is much to lend to tlio inference that tlio nltornntivo of n vory different relation than that of married lifo was' present to tlio mind of tlio pursuer. Tlio defender, apparently per- coiving that the correspondence on tlio part of tlio pursuer had assumed n tono whioh, taken in connection with tho circumstanco of their meeting in tho stoamer at Bilnclnvn, would miiko their next meeting very dangerous afraid of not being nblo to control his passion if they met, nnd not desiring to entangle him self beyond rcoal— wroto to tho pursuer- from Vienna, n letter ' whioh, like several others, _ lias been produced by tho pur suer . in a mutilated form, but of which tho meaning is sufficiently obvious : "Cam Theresa men. Tho fraternal scheme was n physical impossibility. I dreoin't it, and waking, found that tho chivalry wns not do parted, but superseded ; therefore, as I could not ho wlint you wished, I determined not to persist or continue in 'a course which must ond cither in converting mo into n modern Timtnlus (reading woman for water), and thereby making tho necessary '.step from tlio sublime, but; I need not repeat — cut out or torn off tho nltornalivo; so inuoli for -tho canso, tho effect is, that I am here, having come — cut out or torn off via Odessa and tlio Danube. Pray' writo if I can bo of any use to you at n dis tance, or if; it afford you nny satisfaction- to express, your thoughts."— (P. 156 F.) '. ,This letter is, in every aspeot of tho presont case, important. It. oanno't -bo -for a . moment' supposed that it is tho lotter of a mnn, then' origagcd in marriage, .'or contemplating mar,1 riagc. It is the lottor of a Wan who, conscious' of a passion against which' ho foit it his duty ' to struggle, was afraid of- losing his : self- command it brought into personal interooursr, and who, therefore, thought himsolf and tho lady safest at a distance. Tho pursuer was vory intelligent, nnd did -not fail to understand. him... Sho rallies him oil svhnt sho oalls his lukewarm feelings, and says that, to compnre them to the ardent fliirao and consequent misery of Tantalus, is n good joke. Sho gives tho rein to her feelings, nnd writes with more iinpussionod earnestness than ever. Sho soys : — "You know that I should not Buccecd in getting into tho convent, you do know that you have atrivon to obtain au ascendancy over m —that you havo infatuated, enthralled, be- witohed, maddened mo — that I have no mora command over myself — that I may struggle and writhe, weop and pray, and play 'such pranks boforo high Heaven ns make, tlio angels' weep, in vain, in vain — and now llmt your triumph is completo— now that you have obtained boundless empire over mo; are yon satisfied? Was that all you desired?" . . . _ . "If for yourself you have any daGuito wishes in regard lo me, ono desire might havo boon fulfilled, whioh would havo boon a gleam of sunshine on my dismal lifo, and would not have interfered with your, liberty, present position, or future prospects."— (P." 158, 0. and E.) Soma months boforo sho had written :— , I oonclude you will not ontertairi any of. my pliins. I havo another whioh might gratify your wishes and satisfy my conscience, but I have not now the . courago to propose it." — (p.i43,D.) And horn again; sho 'speaks of something to glndden her life ; without interfering' with' the defender's "liberty, present position, or future prospects." It is important to observe that a plan for satisfying hor conscience, and yet leaving tho defender free, was in tho mind" of the pursuor. Still tho defender does not on-: oourago tho pursuor. to expect any closer intercourse or dearer connection. Murriage.is' never mentioned between them. His lottors to her ore frequently cautious and oven cold. Sho calls them "indifieront icicle lottors." She soys :— " Your silence causes mo tho deepest pain. I know why you. do it ; you think to cstrango yourself from mo by degrees ; but that is useless." Sho writes from tho " Stromboli" to him in terms which show clearly that sho was hasten ing onwards, and that ho was endeavouring to restrain himself; to savo himself from tho risk of a personal meeting, and indeed, if possible, to avoid her. She describos his letter as " inexorable, cold, cruel es ovor." Sho says : — " Your lost but ono lotter has brought me 3,000 miles, according to your implied wish ; at tlio end of this journey, und within ono step of tho goal, lmlt 1 1 you exclaim. Now, it so happens that I canuot halt or stop, I must either go forward or recede, thero is no medium ooursc, no choice between Soylla and. Charybdis." — (P. 1G3, D.) Tlio defender's letter mentioned ob contain ing this " implied wish," has not been pro duced.. Thero is no sucli vriBh expressed or . implied in any lotter that is' produced ; but, in more than ono of his lotfers ho lias certainly called' to the pursuer, " halt.". '' One more lotter by the defender to tho pur suer it is necessary to nolieo in this part of tho correspondence. It has been made the subject of much observation on both sides. Unfortu nately it is mutilated, but the conclusion of it is as follows : — - t "You want to know how I mako mysolf at times indifferent. ... I'll. tell you. You mislako rin effort of tho .will for indifference— it is ssid tlint, knowing I cannot gain on .your terms, I will not try on mine (necessity made). Addio Onrrissiuin." — (P. 164, G.) The pursuer says that tho two alternatives hero presented, namely, the pursuer's terms; on whioh tho defender eould not gain, and the defender's terms, on which he would not try, wore a publio marriago as proposod or agreed to by tlio pursuor, and a secret- marriago pro posed or suggested by tlio dofendor;. and this was strongly preescd as tho construction of tho passage. Tho Lord Ordinary does uot think tliat thia is the true meuning of tho letter. A public marriage lisd never been spoken of. Ih is not proved that a accret marriage was - over proposed. That tho qiursuer desired a marriage, if alio could attain it, cannot bo doubted. But that there was any engagement to marry, or that marriage wns looked forwnrd to by the defender and tho pursuer as tlio only result oontomplated, so that the differonco bctweon them rogorded morely its character as a publio or private marriage, is not merely without support in the proof, but is quite in consistent with tho general tono and tonor, as well as tho true meaning of particular passages in this correspondence. Tho construction wliich tho Lord Ordinary is disposed to put on this lottnyis — " I cannot marry y ou ; I will not ruin you." This construction ho considers to bo quito consistent with tho defender's other warnings givon to tho pureuor. _ Theso plain hints, of tho nature of warnings, giron from timo to timo to tho pursuer, aro full of meaning ; and, on tliiB point, it would not bo right to omit all roforeneo to the letter which, it appears, tho dofendor wroto from the Crimea to tho pursuer's sister, Mrs. Bellamy. Tho defender, in tlio fifth articlo of his revised statement, alleges that — "Ho wroto to Mrs. Bellamy, inlimating, as ho had previously told tho pursuer herself, that no marriago could ever take placo between tho pursuor and him. Tlio pursuer svas mndo awnro at. tho timo of this communication' to Mrs. Bellamy." — (P.-G4) Tho pursuer in answer to this statement, says— (p. G5)— " Tho pursuor docs not know in wlint terms tlio defender wroto to Mrs. Bollamy, and makes no admission on tho subject." Mrs. Bellamy, on being examined as a haver 6sys : — " I rcceivod a letter from Major Yelvorton, and only one. Tlint wns a lettor trom tlio Crimen. I am iiut'now in poEscfaion of that letter. That letter is not now amoiig 'my pnpors, and could not bo found by any sonreh. I sent that lotter to tlio pursuer." — (P. 418 G.) _Thero are somo references to this lettor in tho correspondence. It appears to linvo been writton in nnswer to ono from Mrs. Bellamy. Tho. defender says, in n lottor benring date Sobastopol, 25th May, 185G, and written somo time after tho " second steamor sccrio : " I haro nnswered Mndamo Suva's note. I hopo sho will not bo very angry.": — (P. 154, B.) Somo months afterwards the purBUor writes to him : — " I havo nevor .hoard , from cither of my sisters since you wroto to one." — (P.'i59, G.) And, again, in a subsequent letter, sho writes to him " My sister is in a dreadful way— I "dare riot go near her. The interpretation of your nofo is deeply grieving- to me." — -(P. 1G0, C.) Now, tlint lotter which tho.' pursuer says gririvod her, ond of which, therefore, bIio did uot know tlio import, has not been produced, and its disappearance has not been explained. Tho iriiport of . it, as alleged by tho defender, cannot bo: taken ns proved. But tlio fact that it was an unpleasant letter to tho pursuer, does appear, and its non-production under tho cir- cumstnuccs is an unfavourable feature of licr ease. Certainly it wnB not without warning of her danger, that tho pursuer persisted in seeking tho defender's society, ond refused to " halt " when advised. This closes tho correspondence prior to tho pursuor coming to this country. . . It is in all respects a corrcBpondonco of : a remark- nblo character, nnd. as part of.. -tho evi dence in this anuse it is of great importance. On careful observation it wi|! bo found that thoro is a porebptibio olmnge in the character of tho letters nt oach stage in the progress of this strango history; rind by comparing tho letters with tlio averments of tho pursuer on tlio record, in regard to tho oonduot of tho parties nt oncli of theso stages, nnmoly, 'tho first meeting in tho Bteamor ; tho second meeting at Galata; the third meeting in the Crimea, tho sceno on board the steamer at Balaclava, and tho pursuer's arrival in this oouqtry, it clearly appears that tho correspon dence is not consistent with tho pursuor's- avorments. It js most important to bear in mind that this _ previous history is not separable from tho subsequent events in this ens?. Tho wholo story is closely and' necessarily connected by tho theory urged for tho pursuor. Her state ment is — not that tho defender; having resisted on tho continorit, yielded in Edinburgh, or in Ireland; and entered into n 'marriago,' but that thoro was a promise and eiigugoment to marry at Galata; and that, throughout tho. whole subsequent period of thoir acquaintance ond of- this correspondence, marriage wbb ointemplated, resolved, and agreed on. . That is tho caso put by tho pursuer ; and to test tliut case, the Lord Ordinary has, with groat attention ond anxiety, studied tho wholo of this correspondence, and tho result at which ho llas bean compelled to arrivo at is, that when in ' February, 1857,-' the-pursuer and defender met in Edinburgh, where the pursuer followed him, they met as- parties between whom there was then no-'marrioge, no engage ment, no promiso of marriago, but as parties who had: been much attracted towards -each othor, who had had a fow fond mcot-ings, and had written many fond letters;, who had thought perhaps of marriage, but who had also thought of lovo without marriage, and inter- oourso without wedlock. So thoy mot in Edinburgh. Whatever evi dence of marriago can bo found in tliis' cause, it must bo sought in tho writings or tho conduct. of tlio parties, after the date of thoir. arrival in Edinburgh. Tho statements , by tho pursuer, on 'record; in regard to tho-prooeedings and 'relation ' of- the parlies in Edinburgh, between tho- pursuer's1 arrival in February,- 1857,'- arid'- her going: to - England in April, 1857 ,' are, that tho' defender again courted: - her, promised to marry, her,: proposed a .private marriage, and promised a publio marriage as soon as ho could do so. with; safoty.— (Rev. Con., xi., p.- 45.) And mora' -.particularly,- it is alleged by tho. pursuor, in Article XII of hor Revised Condescendence, that— . " On or about the 12th day of April, 1857. tho defender and pursuer, within tho said' house, No. 1, St. Vincent street, Edinburgh, solemnly acknowledged and declared each othor to bo husband nnd wife, the said defender solomnly acknowledging and declaring that tlio pursuer was his wifo, and tho purauer that tho defender was hor husband. They, further, read through tho marriage sorrico of the Ohtirch of England togothor : ond at tho conclusion of it, tho defender said to tho pursuer, ' This makes you my wife according to tho law -of. Scotland,' or used words of similar import." Tho defender denies these statements. Ho alleges that, "without there having boon any marriage, mnrriago-engogement, or promiso of marriago, sexual 'connection betwecB them took placo in Edinburgh for the first time, and illicit intorcourso commenced. — (Rev. Stat., vi. p. 66) These confiioting avorments are of extromo importance; and tho evidence in regard to thorn, partly direct and partly deduced from tho correspondence, lias been mado tho Bubject of much ingenious and anxious argument on both sides. There is no doubt that tho question on which the parties thus so widely differ is vital.1 As such, tho Lord Ordinary has considered it. He is of opinion that tlicro is no reliable evidence, direct or indirect, to- support the pursuer's averments, on the point. Of her more goneral allegations, thoro is no direct ovidenoe, and no clear and satisfactory infer-, oneo ; and, looking to tlio previous correspond ence, and to tho footing on whioh, as already oxplaiuod, tho parties met in Edinburgh, without prior promise or ongagement, nothing short of direct ovidenco or eloar inference, can bo sufficient to support such allegations. Of the more particular averments specially mado in regard to tho reading ot tho -marriago service of tho Church of England, in Mrs. Gomble'a lodgings, proof has been attempted. The attempt has signally failed. Mrs. Gemblo herself, called by tho pursuor in ordor to provo it, hns not- dono bo. Sho says : — A f' I recollect ono afternoon of hearing Major Yelvorton read it - in tlio room when tho pursuer was in. I did not take particular notice how long tho reading continued. It appeared' to me to be earnest reading, and in a religious tone. I had never heard him before that, or aftor, reading in tho samo sort of tono."— (P. 270, A.) She 'also says that Miss Mncfarlnno was — " Either in tho parlour or in tho adjoining bedroom." — (P. 274, F.F.) Prom whioh room Mrs. Gemblo ssts — "Miss Mncfarlnno could hear all that was said."— (P. 273, B.) On tho other hand, Miss Mncfarlano, on being a6kcd by tho defender's counsel — "Did you oyer, during. your stay in Mrs.. Gomblo's, hear the defender, or tho'pursucr mid defender, read over tho Church of England marriago service? Depones — No." — (P. 349, G.) There arc two othor sources from which tho order to support this uvcrment (which, by tlio way, is not made by her iu the first "action of declarator of marriage). Tho ono is tho statements mndo to the priest nt Rostrcror; but theso- statements were not mado by tho defender, and wore not so made by the pur suer in bis presenco DB-to imply bis adoption of thorn, or his acquiesoonce "therein. Tho other is tho testimony of tho pursuer's attend ant or companion, Miss Crabbe— (p. 352). Tlio statement by Miss Crnblje, of nn nllegod conversation with tho defender. in Cork, during October or November, 1859, after proceedings had common cod, is not- in itself natural or probable. It decs not -look lika truth. But, separately, tlio conduct of Miss Crabfao in relation to this cause lias bean 'such ns to mako hor not a reliable witness for" the pursuer. Therefore, tho Lord Ordinary is of opinion that tlio nvormcnts of. tho. pursuer, most import ant if true, in regard to tho constitution of mnrringo in Edinburgh, boforo tho date when sho wont to England, are not instructed by the proof. Whether tho defender's averment of illicit intercourse . in Edinburgh lias beon proved, is a different and moro difficult question. Tlicro is no direct evidence, and no proof of Bitch Bpociul circumstances, or opportunities, as to cronte nn inference in support of tlio defender's averment. But tho defender maintains that there nro expressions iix'tho pursuer's letters, aftor she left Edinburgh for England, which tend to Biipport his allcgnlion. In ordor lo appreciate the meaning of these letters, it is necessary to attend to the pursuor's nvormcnts on record, in regard to her reason for leaving Edinburgh. Sho says— (Rev. Cond,, art. xiii, p. 46.)— " Tho pursuer, who. is a Roman Catholic, entertained conscientious Bcruplcs nhout: tho propriety of her marringo not celebrated by a priest, and, accordingly, she refused to cohabit with the defender without having gono through tho ceremony of n marriage byn priest of her own faith. The defender expressed great dis pleasure at this refusal, ami a ' good 'dcnl of discussion took place between him and tlio pursuer on tho subject, Tlio. dofendor.-. ulti mately became so pressing in .his solicitations that thoy should cobabit togothor as husband and wife, that tho pursuer left Edinburgh about : ten days after tlio acknowledgement nnd de- ! clnration meritioncd'lh tho last article." j Now, if Ibis .stntoment'by tlfo pureuor is truo that, notwithstanding tho alleged private mar riago by reading the service, 'bIio retosed to collabit-witli tho defender, arid left Edinburgh to ; avoid : liim, surely some - judication of tho fuctpond of .bor feeling in. regard to it, must haro. appeared in.Jicr letters. ...She seems to linvo loft Edinburgh ou. tho 15th, and Major Yelvorton to linvo left, on leave, about tho 18th of April. ;; In 'tho pursuer's first letter to him; after sho went 'to England, aud.which must bo read with roforeneo, to her averment that bIio had gono to avoid hiin, after refusing to cohabit with him, and to his averment 'that thoy had illicit con nection in Edinburgh,' sho Says :—' " I aril Iiko'unto flio woman iif'tho Gospel .troubled about many tliiugs— troubled not to scoiyou with the unspeakable longings of an absent loved -one — doubts nnd fears about tho i durability of rrquitoment, misgivings lest tlio ardency of attachment was merely tlio effect of proximity, lest a two iriontba1' trial will not prove omptynoss." — (1V170, D.) " ;Tho two months' trial soems to mean abscnco or separation for that .period, ns Major Yel- verton was going on leave for two months. In the. somo lottor; sho says : — 'f What is the u?o of- their- saying, 1 You must bo quiet,' wjten I - cannot- trust.; .wlieri, by trusting, I may.loso both life/arid lifo' liore- after, or at least tho-frriits ofn'lifoof patient suffering ; for,., if you did decuiyo mo again in that last not to bo remedied point, tho physical part will givo way."— (E.. 170,. G.) . . . . " I; wish you would tell me you burn all these letters, please do.". Again she writes :— I am writing in he'd; nftor' dreams ; sueli another dream will makomo well in a day or two. . . . i . . Do you not ' beliovo in tliq mossy violet bank? that.-js to .bo reserved for- my, special delobtation when my turn comes. .... I want to- -seo you — I must— I hare been drcdming ever iiueo/-- 1 caundt boar it-, you know it is not"in-iiature;andyou sworo boforo God, and you will' hot perjure yourself ; but I'll go if you wisli'it, anil remain, etc. Caro Carlo, come to tno ancl comfort mo with yprir spiritual presence," — (E. 172,(-D.G. ; 173, A.) ti ... Then, in consequorice of- tho pursuer sending to tho defender marriage cards of a Mr. and Mrs. Shears, he seems to linvo supposed her married, and lio thus (writes:— j" . "I congratulate you on the step you have taken most sincerely,- as .i-ho most likely courso to render your future lifo a contented .- ono ; and, if a remembrance, of me. crosses -your riiind in your now- sphere of duties and plea lures, spare mo a' place -in your prayers, and :holtevo in mo' as' ono ' always ready to aot towards you asa sinopro'4nd respectful friend ; and permit mo to. add, as pcrliajs you will bo pleased to hear thot sqch is really tlio case, that by your marriage you have oarnod my lasting gratitude, as, on reflection,';!' found that I had placed myself in ft- fnlso position with regard to you, and -ono, of oil others, tho most painful to me— viz.', that I had promised to you to do, more than I cduld' hoyo per formed when tho timo carno."— (P. 173, C.) Sho replies: — .. " . " Caro mio, — Are you mad or am I ? . Tho first reading of your lotter brought mo to a stop, mental and physical; my-prcsent weak ness could not aloud such a shock, my '-heart went still — now, on recovery, - 1 bogin to sea how it ie. Thoso . cards— I was going ..to toll you all I know about it, hut got So faint' my friond mado mo givo .'it up, so I slipped tho cards in, Qh ! Carlo, to. suspeot mo of suoh .a thing. I whoso very lifo is obbing a .vay for you— I who hove sacrificed all but God to-you — I- who hove lain nt your heart, nnd in tho very-sight of HeaVeri liavo .been called youra— I whoso very 'soul is yours, to bo so mistaken ! Oil 1 Carlo, what could she bo to do such a thing? Tlio .vilest hypocrite — the most sensual wanton —Carlo, I must-go mad." — (P, 173, E, E.) ' ; " Oil- no, don't say that — don't say it is a comfort to got rid of mo." If it is, you know you are, you liavo always boen free."— (P, 174, a.) - . It is obvious' that tbo pursuer! did not boliovo. herself. married ; it is equally obvious that the pursuer did'not understand tho promiso referred to by tho defender in his -Ipttcr'aB more than ho could havo performed, to" bo a promiso of marringo. If alio had so understood it, she would not hove writton — ' ' - "You know you are, youhivo always boon free.'- Soon afterwards she writes to the dofonder — "My sincere and respeotful friend,', good gracious ! you could as soon be tho high priest tp Mumbo Jumbo as stop there; — and am I mora than flesh that I should noyer wish to tempt my fato : it is bad to forget ono is flesh and blood. Don't you think so ? You cured mo of that, but tlio euro rendered mo holplcss without tho constant euro of tlio physician,- — is it applicable hero to soy n littlo knowledge is too dangerous." — (P. 175, C.) . . . " My friend (it is presumed Mrs. Tliolwdll) novor judges rashly, is truo and silent. More over, thoy livo entirely out of tho world, and know no ono person belonging to cither of us. Thoy would mako n sort of neutral ground for us. You might deposit mo here aftor any ex pedition, or fetch mo for a now ono ; but wo must havo nn alphabet of our own. I want to say so many things- that can only bo whispered,, and you havo a bad habit of-loaving iriy letters about."— (P. 175, D.) . ..'.'How I do long, Caro mio, to (Oh, we must liavo an nlphabct), to do, you cau guess — you know what I used to like." . ..." Fancy, you only reflecting now that you liavo put yourself in a bad position towards me, as though that had not beea always the' case, and as though wo wore not trying to- mako the best of it."— (P. 175, G ) . " I want to soo you so so much, always.on parolo though, and- a clean bill,, eto., etc,"; — (P. 176, B.) . Again, sho writes to liim— . ".I will, follow you round , tho world," but whore am I to got tho means ? and thoy cer tainly will uot lend for any such ..purpose." — (P. 176, D.) Then in a letter written in Italian, sho says her life is misoroblo apart from him, complains of his cruelty, nnd sayB that his letter is without ono little word of kindness. — (P. 1.70, E.) In another letter she says : — " If I do not get rid of my cough, shall I go to Eraucc, and you como when you feel dis posed, nnd then can we go -tho -Highland expedition ? Havo you sold tho horse?" — (P. 178, D.) ' This cannot bo tho letter of n lady who had refused -to livo svith this gentleman, and had left Edinburgh to araid him. Was - she going a Highland' expedition with a gontloinnn wilh whom sho had refused to lira ? Still mora, explicit is a passage in the next . letter :— . . "Could I seo you, or remain near, you, if I did find my way there? I could - got a 8. do C. costume. You might say you preferred a regular nurso ; besides, I cannot bear. this sus pense ; and I have said what yon wished now, and I want tlio bon bon yon promised when I submitted. ' Oh, do writo a lino if you are ill, and lot ino come. I liavo returned to Alberg, that place svas so damp. Writo direct, so that Ihcro'mnybo no delay. Think of that little room, five storevs high, where we have been so happy — and don't ieel apathotie." — (I1. 179\. BA , (7b ho Continued.) . 