MR. BRIGHT ON THE AMERICAN CONSTITUTION. LIVERPOOL ALBION. Mr. John Bright has written to the New York Chamber of commerce to say that there is no Government in the world in whose continued existence mankind have so large an interest as that of the United States, and further, that if the people of England could be called upon to give their votes on the subject an overwhelming majority would declare itself on the side of the Federal Government. In the presence of such an authority the statement we feel almost as much astounded as we should do if we were to read a letter in The Times from Mr. Hind observing that it was now ascertained beyond doubt that the sun derived its light from the moon, and that the great body of intelligent people were firmly convinced that the moon was many million times larger than the sun and the earth united. In our ignorance of astronomical science we should probably smite our bosoms in dismay and leave Mr. Hind and the ghost of Sir Isaac Newton to fight it out together, But although ordinary people are obliged to take their astronomical view from wiser and more learned heads, on matters purely sublunary we may venture to judge for ourselves. ( There is nothing like a good, strong, startling assertion for upsetting criticism, particidarlyifyouarenotcalledupontoprove your statement or support your argument, and it is not likely the New Yorkers will be very severe upon the author of such flattering comments on their importance. Mr. Bright is a man of great parent and commanding eloquence; he is always listened to with respect and pleasure, and he has in times past, done much for which this country should be grateful to him. He belongs to a set who peculiarly desire the reputation of saying what they think, neither more nor less, who will eject all flights of imagination, whose yea is yea, and nay, nay. Mr. Bright must have considered well what he was going to write before he wrote it and deliberately to have set down his candid opinion that the maintenance by the United States of the form of Government they possess is essential to the happiness of the human race, and that the majority of Englishmen hold this view so strongly as to be entirely in favour of the cause of the North against the South, Mr. Blight is not a man who cares for mere popularity on the contrary, if we may judge by some incidents in his past career, we should almost assume that he felt it his mission to maintain precisely that opinion which happens to be in a direct opposition to the general feelings of his countrymen, to pipe to them when he knew they would not dance, to mourn to them when he felt convinced they were in the mood for anything rather than weeping. This is no libel or reflec- tion upon him. He may be right when nearly every one else is wrong. It is certain that in several instances in our history individual states have felt it their duty to oppose the national will, and have, after a time, been acknowledged to be in the right. On the present occasion, however, Mr. Bright claims to be on the side of the majority, or rather he claims to have the majority on his side. In the absence of any machinery for polling the English people on the great question of North or South u is impossible to arrive at an absolute certainty, but we think there are tests enough to be found which will enable us to form a tolerably good opinion on the subject. ~ . r In Liverpool weare not supposed to have any feelings above cotton, and therefore, we presume our tesVmony would be scorn- fully rejected; but still, it might be observed, that if an import of cotton be our great object, the opening of the ports by the North would be the quickest means of arriving at that end Does any one, however, who knows Liverpool, doubt that the overwhelming balance of sympathy is on the side of the South. Manchester and Liverpool do not Always go together in interests or opinions, and on the present topic this divergence might be expected to be strong, for Liverpool " merchants are richer, Manchester manufacturers poorer, from the blockade ; yet we venture to assert that in this war, Manchester, in spite of what she suffers by it, is strongly imbued with that chivalrous feeling which so generally prompts Englishmen to take the weaker side. The aristocracy, as we know on the authority of the New York Herald and other equally unimpeachable testimony, are banded together in a conspiracy against American democracy. At any rate, it is clear that Mr. Bright would not commence his poll under favourable auspices in the House of Lords. Would he like to try the experiment in the House of Commons ? Does he think the party represented by Mr. Disraeli and Sir Stafford Northcote consider the happiness of the human race wrapped up in the existence of a Government dependent on universal suffrage and note by ballot ? Can he really fancy that Lord Palmerston and Mr. Gladstone are strongly on the side of a people whose reckless petulance so nearly plunged us into war a few months ago ? What tlLtum. of a statesman has been more cordially received or more warmly re-echoed than that of Lord Russell, when he declared that the North were fighting for empire, and the South for independence and what does this mean but that the policy of the former is selfish and grasping, that of the other noble and praiseworthy ? We cannot canvass the sentiments of all the towns in Great Britain ; but when two cities, usually divided in idea as Liverpool and Manchester, coincide so warmly as now, we think we are justified in assuming that the mercantile classes of this country furnish an undoubted majority on the side of the South. Mr. Bright, however, would still have a right to say that he did not look for his majority in the ranks of the aristocracy, in the House of Commons, in the mercantile classes, or, indeed, in any section of the nation entitled to express their opinions by recording their votes at an election. If we do not mistake him, he would appeal to the undoubtedly numerous, perhaps too numerous, body of non-electors, and here we candidly confess that it is as difficult to prove him wrong as to prove a negation. Evidence, when we come to this point, must increase in vagueness, and we shrewdly doubt whether Mr. Bright knows any more of it than we do. We can only observe, that so far as those classes who are suffering most from this war have yet expressed themselves, their cry has been rather in favour of breaking the blockade than of countenancing the North. We must revert to the former parts of Mr. Bright's proposition, that the maintenance of the Federal authority is for the happy-" ness of mankind. This, if true, must be true in one of two ways, either because America offers a home with political power to those who do not possess it here, or else because America affords an example of good government which other nations ought, and may in process of time, be expected to follow. Here' we are in danger of being at once driven into a war of first principles ; of being compelled to face some of those abstract questions which are always lying in wait for discussion, but which have never yet been and probably never will be settled till the end of time. We should have to ask ourselves whether a limited Monarchy, with a constitution like our own, or a complete Democracy, like that of America, is the Government most fitted to produce the greatest amount of happiness to mankind. This may be a very interesting and very fit subject for a debating society of clever boys, but whatever Mr. Bright's private opinions may be, we fancy he does not intend to enter these lists. All that can be said is that tastes differ. Mr. Bright would, no doubt, prefer to be governed by Mr. Lincoln and Congress for our part we candidly confess to a strong preference for Queen Victoria and Parliament, We do not quarrel with his pre- directions, but we entirely object to his informing the world that most of us are of his opinion. We believe, and we think most Englishmen are agreed, that the practice of placing equal political power in the hands of educated and uneducated which means giving the balance of power to ignorance so far from bringing about the greatest happiness to mankind, is productive of a balance of evil. That America has rendered manifold and great services to the cause of freedom in times past will be allowed by most thinking men, and we are grateful to her for it; but that she has also disgusted many with the very name of liberty is painfully certain. Uunrea sonable as it may be, the thorough break up of American institutions is generally ascribed to her Democratic system ; it has excited a strong reflux of opinion in this country, and has essentially weakened the Liberal party here. The broken mirror of American liberty is held up to us, and we are desired to see our distorted features reflected there When Americans them gelvel-ieïPuï th^iatîmidaUdia' and corrupt 1' men^rfoog^ep^icjaru rçotùnttaturaliV . ; such, is the inevitable result of Republican. oil institutions. [The ivory fact of American judges being dependent for their situations j i upon, their political : profession, in a facV M against which much argument falls power >?> less. / . J J % ' We have not touched the question of the il "eternal negro," for we are all sick of it, is nor the oft-repeated instances where the behaviour of America has given us just cause for resentment and dislike of her Govern 5,1 ment, for their name in legion. We frankly ,' t confess that, in direct opposition to Mr. i v Bright, we believe the disruption of the Union to be decidedly a benefit of the world at large ; the removal of an incubus from this country in particular Apart from slavery, we heartily wish success to the Southern cause ; we honour \- the pluck shown by the Confederates, and applaud the courage displayed by the weak against the strong. We believe the achievement of their independence will be the knell of a policy of bullying, and the termination of a system of annoyance to peaceably disposed nations. That then independence may be speedily acknowledged by France and England is, we are convinced, the strong desire of a vast majority, not only in England, but throughout T Europe. 