EVENTS OF THE MONTH Since our last Summary, although the events that have transpired have liad a local interest, yet to readers unacqiuined with our affairs, they wonld appear to be of but little consequence. We however, append a brief summary of what lias been done. On the evening of the 23rd of June, the Gardeners aud Amateurs Horticultural Association heli] its annua] meeting, when the Report was adopted, ind a (Committee of Management appointed for the ensuing year. It was shown that although there had been a great amount of apathy displayed) yet t'lis useful Association was iu a comparatively flourisliing condition. The weather during the week commencing on tlie 23rd of Juan, »\ai very severe, and old colonists affirmed tlut so sharp a frost had not been experienced for years. Iu the city and its •uhurbs every drop of stsliding wuter was converted to ice. While at New Norfolk, twenty-one miles from llobart Town, ice was procured as thick as three inches. Tlie lowest point to which the thermometer fell was '29°. (Jn Thursday aud Friday of the aame week there was u heavy fall of snow, which lay on tlie ground for aome days. At a meeting of the Southern Board of Education, held on the 23rd ultimo, the fifth unuual Tcportcame under consideration. The report was very voluminous, and referred to the stale; of the schools, the general attainments of the pupils, and the religion of the same, &c.; It also showed that since th£ establishment of the present Board, in 1857, the number of hchools had increased from 4f> to 53; the nuinbor of children on the rolls exhibits an increase of f>94 scholars, and that the average dally attendance Ita l bt'en increased by 3C3 scholars. It was also shown, that notwithatandlng the increase of scholars, the effort to brlog the expenditure within tlie proportion of the Parliamentary vote (£7G3G 7s. 3d.) had succeeded. The Hohart Town portion of the last outwards English mail was unusually large, and besides the regular mail coach the assistance of an opposition conveyance had to be obtained to carry a portion of it across the country. A very lively piece of music, entitled, **The Tasmania Yacht Club Polka," and dedicated to tlie members of the Club, made its appearance at the latter end or last month. It is written by Miss Mary Oldham, ant is creditably got up by Messrs. Alvuzez, of this city. A ball for a charitable purpose came oft on the evening of the 24th nit., and was a decided success. There were onwards of one-hnndred and fifty ladies and gentlemen prc«cni. Dancing was kept upumil a late hour, auJ a considerable amount wab ulcared for the clumUblc pur|use for which the ball was held. According to an account from the Franklin, lluon, the good people uf that district appear lately to Ifcivc been subjected to tlie visits of a ghost, whrmiofth' m;<k >s his appearance during lite aolcmn liourx of night, but we believe tlie apparation lias not \it committed any awful deed. It was communicated to this journal on the 28th of June tliat a small schooner, the "Swansea Packet,*' trading to Macquarie llarl>our, on the west coast of the Island, hud, on her last trip from tliat placc, brought to town eleven hundred weight of silver ore, obtained from a mine said to bave been ^i&'ovtfcd iu the vjdnitv of the Harbour. As nothing has since been heard of this reported discovery, we take it to be a xiiiaUke of the t parties informing On the 14th of May la«, the flm mating of creditors of the insolvent estate of Isaac Solomontook plaue in the Insolvent: Court, and since tliat to tli- prcMcnl time the Court has been oceufMtd nearly onj day out of every week with luttlicr : euquiiy into the affair* of insolvent, and by exam-1 {nation and cross-examination some most exinwrdmary coinmcrcialtransaetioiishavebcenhiiouglit, tohglit. Hie cast still appears as far from a j termination as ever, and tlie oiw persons likely to . get any benefit from thc assets arc thc legal gentlemen engteed fur the opposing creditor and also for tbc insolvent, ^ , W! j A UfeJikc exhibition of the heroes of the Vicnan Kxpe.hii m-Burke, Wills, and King—has been on view In this city for time, and has been wolf patronised. Great complaints liave been made of the inferior quality of gas supi>Utti lo the dtiaeas dunng the last quarter. In coase juence of (lie heavy falls of snow on tlie 26th and 27th of last month, our juvenile popalation were enabled to enjoy themselves in die thoroughly English pastime of snowballing, which, to lads—natives of the colony—was a treat seldom ing room and libio'ha^ for some time existed, and isnowluafloorishing condition. During tlie winter season several lectures I lave been ddivered on Interesting objects. By die steam-ship -Tasmania," from Melbourne, ou tlic 98th of last month, twodoaen jroong and very healthy lobsters were brought to Tasmania, and have been placed In fresh water on the estate of tlie Hon. the Speaker oT iUe House of Assembly, at New Norfolk. On tlie 28th ultimo, a squad composed of eight members of thc Iiohart Volunteer Artillery ohtained an average of 6-10 points, at skirmishing practicn. JL Gazette Extraordinary was pubtidtcd on the S8th June, containing a proclamation tliat * The Real Property Act* 1 would come into operation on the meana,»na aotb,and uaisonunea lt abbnuned W. n. Tarieton, jflneiou, Esq, «»liieB®oahfarofTai« unto tlie toAmos oF (he Commissioners and their Solld-J tors were given. This Act Isnow in fuU opera-? . « j ."f S?.?? 1 ?. the St. George's Paro-J „ -if : » — , America, i lie uoticed • tluit politics among the Americans bad degenerated toatrade so corrupt as to lie the lost recourse of bankrupts in business. , Isone of tyose great nud good Americans, who are ' the salt of the earth, will consent to soil their j bonds with public affairs.?' UO the 3l)tli of June, ill tlic conclusion of a season during which the Theatre Royal liad been I ojien, and a company liad been performing. The manager of the company had a benefit tendered to hun which was utlcniled, and the parts were well sustained, Since then the stage manager, Mr. .1. II. Vi taken ills benefit, and last Thursday evening i, has a _ * benefit wu tendered to Miss Joey Ctougenheini and several amateurs took part in the performance. The house was well filled, and the pieces selected for tlie evening's entertainment v Bui wcr's beautiful Comedy of Money, and the Morning Call. The Theatre is now closed for a time. A squad of eight men, from the 2nd Klfles, S.T.V„ were file and volley firing on tlie 3i>th ultimi, and obtained au average of IG*77 points for h man. On ihe 28th ultimo Cliarles White was brought before, the stipendiary magistrate of the city cliargod with absconding from Hobart Town, anil remaking at large fruia tlie year J650. The accused was apprehended in a neighbouring colony and brought to Hobart Town, but the evidence against the man did not justify tlicm in finding him guilty of tha offence, aud lie was discluirgcd. A preliminary meeting to make arrangements for the annual Cambridge ploughing match was held at the 41 Horse Shoe Inn," in that District, on tJie2Slh ultimo. There is uo doubt but that from the cnorgutie iu Aimer ia which the Committee liave set about the work, it will be very successful. After a long enquiry into the cause of the death of James Fuulkner, tlie jury returned a verdict u follows j 4 * We find tliat Frederick Emanuel Moore did, on tlie 31st of March, 180:2, fdoniousiy and unlawfully kill and eluyone James Faulkner, and that the said Frederick Kmanucl Moore is guilty of manslaughter. In accordance with this verdict the prisoner was committed to gaol on the Coroner's warrant. Subsequently an applicatiou was made by Mr. Pitt before the Judges of the Supreme Court to grant bail to the prisoner, and tins was allowed, the amount being two sureties ill £250 eacli, and the accuBcd'in £500. A great J deal of excitement caused by tlie verdict, consequence of the respectability of the prisoner and the peculiar circumstance of the A new School-house was opened at Victoria, Uuon, on the 30th ult., when nearly all the leading residents and their families were present. It was shewn that the institution is in a flourishing condition. At the Mechanics' Institute, in the City, lectures liave been delivered every week, 1 and liave been successful. Much benefit it is thought will arise from these lectures. ; llicBirtlidayBall.atGoverniuciitHousc.csmc oil In the Hall-room, on the evening bf tho 2nd instaut. Krom 000 t 70U . invitations . were c given, . and many - shewed ,, , their respect —i to — the represeuta- . - — i tion of Ucr Majesty by responding to tlie invitotlo miKlalten.ling. rhopnnunl inhabitantsoftlio present.andliis txccllency and •ilv, n ™ aided in the success of . j . i. f». m l»ra"lUfillly illuminated, andnt half-put nine n clock dancing conimenec-il. J lie supira- reflected great credit upon clib, tlie c^jfe ruu.ac,.! hough he did not produce the 1 ( ^ "il " " " f H onticiaoie. Jt is uoea ess for us to say tliat sucn game cannot iw obtained here, although we lrust that tlie sUips taken to acclimatise the bird may be successful. . T ti.-wcctiy journal lias appeare.1 at Launceston, under tlie Utle of the iMuatlm JVjxjrtrr. It 1, well printed and arranged, but in ""•• opinion does not come up to die requirements of Uu- age matter goes. At theTasmanian Tcmpcrance Alliance llooms, ineetiugs for the advocacy of total abstinence, are lield every Thursday eveuing, and have been productive of raudi good. On the 3rd instant, the proceedings were varied by the appearance of the bretiieni of the ) ictona Tent, LO U., uud oilier Hecbabiles upon Uie platform. On the evening** tlie 4th instant M«. Charles loolc mid Mr. H. N. Warner, two well-known auJ uecouiphshcd artistes, delighted a large and fashionable audience by their " ltcoduigs from Sliaxcspuare und Modern Dramatists," at the Mechanics' Institute, The programme consisted of two parts; first—the balcony scene in " Homco and Juliet/' tlic camp sccdc In * Henry V," the firet scene In the 3rd act of" Ivlng John," Jaques' sohliquy in " As you like it," and one of tlic sccnes in " Cyuibeiine." The second part was rocede«l by miscellaneous musical sclwtions by £ Ir. Deutith (1'ianist) and Siguor G:igliar<li (Flautist). Selections were then rcui from , iiiiowJes' " William Tell," from "(icrald fiissippus," followed by m selected piece from Tcnny- j , " Idylls *v of the King/* ——B. Then — followed — dialogue between Ion end Adrastus, from the , dnma of Uie celebrated Judge Talfourd. This higlily intellectual and agreeable entertainment' was brought to a close by tlie cottage scciie iu the 41 Honeymoon." In this journal, on the Sth instant, we drew attention to a very liard case in which a poor fellow bad received six months imprisonment. fbmot reporting Itis place of residence, he being • a tieket-of-leave bolder, 'lite man certainly was ignorant of the fact, and through our exertions, • aided by a huge number of the citizens—who petitioned the Executive—tho man was released } and restored to his famllv, fur whom he had been \ striving to obtain na honest living for some 1 time. An inquest was held in litis city on the 4th instant, to enquire into the cause of tlie death of " named John Kenny. Uy the evidence it shown tliat tlie man's death was caused by a falling tree Sn tlie Hamilton district, and a verdict' to that effect was returned by Die jrny. j An accident attended with fatal consequences j occurred at the lluon, on tlie Sth instant. It j appears a boat went from GUzier's Bay to meet ! ^IL lC ^ Shlpwright^Point, wiUi five jwssengers. After At. pladng i...i.. them on board » a the boat returned, and when about two-thirds of the way she capsized, and the occupants, four i number, were all drowned. The of the unfortunate men were McCormack, Finn, Cairne, and Forrester. Finn was married and leaves a wife and seven children. m, The others were .... i ttwticd. A sample of tlie coal obtained from the recently opened seam at Jerusalem near Ilicbmond has b«m left at our office, and after testing it, we conslaw it fit for any domestic purpose. Hie Hobart Town Volunteer Artillery under tile command of Captain Torleton assembled at tlie Prince of Wales Battery, for target practice on the Stliinstant Five rounds of rounl shot were firtd from the 32 pounders. The first three by SwgeantJ?ltt ima other two by Lieutenant _ O'Boyid The latter "genUeman succcaded in bitting tlie cuff at a distance of about 1S00 yards, Among die visitors there were present Lieut, Colonel Ilussell, Lieut. Colimcl Tornjns (Adelaide Artillery) UWL Smith (Oty Guards.) A I'etlUon has been proseuted to His Exct-b jenCy the Governor, *ig7ied by sixty-two persons hi favor of declaring the Brighton District a municipality. A counter petiUon signed by i eighty-nine has also been presented. At the Lsunecstoo Police Court, on the 4th Insunt, Mr. Horace Bennett, formerly proprietor of the Royal Polytechnic Bawar In tiiis city, was . cluirgud wUh having about the 3rd of Deoembcr : appropriated to his own use a quantity of lead, thc property of Mr. W. Sharp, of Jjounceston. I This diarge was __ not sustained against the pri- ; ntux, bat he is still ;iill In llifi the 1)nhtnr'« Debtor 5 * Priann. Prison, at nt, ilie the '\ Instigation of Mr. W. Boys, merchant, of Hohart Town. In consequcncr of the succcss tliat has attended Uie existing Building Society in this city, several of the members have considered thc desirability of forming another Bodcty on similar principles, At M * - .. c^.x.n** tlie object of the dub. , -An extraordinary genaal meeting of the wiareholdore of thc United Gas Consumers Company was beld at tlie Company's officcs on the evening of the 8tb Instant, to consider M whether tlie Company be wound up without ddaj .*' There a .good attendan^ and after considerable discussion St was resolved to allow the Company tn st^nd over for three months, in consequence of proposition to erect dories for £15,OOfl. • It was stated Uiat the works of the Hobart Town Gas Company cost £66,000; The third monthly meeting of tho Hobart Town Church Union was held at the Alliance llooms on tlic Sth Instant, when Uie proceedings consisted of singtair, and addresses were delivered by the Bev. ii. I) Harris on " lire Worid before uie flood," aan and by oy ukou Lieut ssnmcer, Brooker, ILNH tvxiHon "uennnacences M aendnteeiic» HTot^^He^jla Bgf^ 21 m announced that £5 would be riven as a prize for the lest wo hundred hues on " Tiie Conversion of St, Paul." 'Hie conditions were named, audit was stated tliat all competitore must he pcreous 'rovbst Sergeant Nordisli, 12th > l * c e on the Sth instant with full military honours. Several Volunteers corns were present, and two Volunteer Hands alio rendered their services at the iunwsing ceremony We understand that the office of Secretary to the 1 loyal Society, lately vacated bv Mr, Whiting 1ms been filled byappoinUng Mr Bobbin, formerly of St. Murv's Hospiuil. A dinner auioug the members of thc Hohart ' Town Artillery CMrps was given at Webb's Hotel on the 8th instant. The dinner was more especially to eclebrate the winning of tin? prize money hy detachments of tltc Corps. Everything passed oil'well, und mauy of the members remained until morning, _ responding to the loyal . and othur toasts ..w proposed. j The annual meeting of the H. T. Band of Hope : Union was held at the Alliance llooms ou the | loth instant, and after the adoption of the re-. port, bo crul gentlemen advocated tlie objects of j the uineiuution. Institution, ; f)n the 10th instant, tlie half-yearly meeting of I the l» members of the Tas.nanlin Public Library j win held at the Library llooms. There was a • fair attendance. Tho report was read und j adopted, and then various topics relating to the ; Institution w brought forward, and resolutions 1 passed for the furtherance of the object which the i Institution has iu view. . The proceeds of the Ciiurky Hall—before ! spoken of—amounting to £8 3s., has been dcvoted by the Committee to a Society under the direction of the Sisters of Charity, for the purpose ' of clotliing the children of the poor in this j ci ! 3*' . , ; < An in quest was held at the "Pick wick Tavern" in this city, on the 10th instant, lo enquire the • cause of death of an elderly lady-Mrs. Nol«oir • it wfiuei! she had hem suffering for some time,. and had iino. morning been found dead in bed. 1 I he medical evidence shewed that she had been . Buffering from extensive disease nf the heart, and j A-erdiet accordiugly returned to that cf-j In cotiseqiiencc of uimc alterations lliat are taking place ill tlie Union Chapel, the Committee i lrnve engaged the Theatre Uoyal for Sunday evening services, until the work be completed. The Theatre has been cruwdcd. * A general dealer, resiiling in Elizabeth-street, on Ihe Mill instant, by mistake look a small quantity of oxulyic acid, for salts, but medical old being at once obtained, the man recovered from ! the elf-jcls nf the dose. i A Special General Session of the l'cace, for the ' purpose of revising tlie list of electors for the dis- j trict of Hobart Town, was held on the 11th \ instant, when a number of alterations wore ; mafic. ( The eighth Annual Show of the Tasinunan ! Poultry Society will be held on (lie 28th and aytli 1 instant. j The " Madras," with the Kuglish mall, arrived i at Melbourne on the day she was first due. the lalcr news was forwarded lo llobart Town, and published in tlie form of an Adm-tmr Uuruordiuary the .lav nfler her arrival at Melbourne. The more "important American news |u,,l. however, boon received some hours before, via Kew SCcaland and Sydney. A n half-yearly i.ttt.-yearly Sermon nern.uii to lu young youi.g luu.i, uu uiv | diffloalties experienced hy them, was preached at I the l>avev-street Con-regational Church, by the ' Iter. G.Clarke, on Uie evening of Sunday, the ljt|, instant ' The Hobart Town p..rli..u of the last English mnil was conveyed aenss the Colony iu Uttle over I Iiours, or under <5 minutes of the contract time. i u g h Swan, a pold-digger, and a late arrival 1 froni New Zealand, got into the company of two disreputable females, and after some time found himself minus of £45. The vromcn have been committed to take their trial at the Supreme Court Sittings, which coniilieiice yeslerday, on tlie charge of robbing him of this money. 1 A person named Jaeolis, residing in Brisbane- ' street, attempted to desmiy himself on the nth instant. The causc assigned for tlic act was that , there hail been a family sjuable. returned The MC,# llev. , Frederick ^^^ Miller, pistor of the Congrcgational' Churcli, Urisbanu-sticct, has returned to Tasmania from England via Melbourne, and is now at Unnccston. Wc regret to say chat the rov. ccntlcman is very weak, aud suffering from I tj1L, ^ ^ of a KVcK coW. An inspection of the City ]»nliaa took place on the 14th instant, before ili-i Worship the Mayor an,i ^ inspector of Tolice, who expressed them- «,|vos hiplih' pleased wilh tlie general appcarunco of tlie men. ^ rL,part Df ,j,'e |jUfM1 Mechanic's Institute was jmM^liod in the AJr*.-ti*r of the ir»th instant, v|u.robv it appears thai it is not onlv doing much j,,'^ Di^trici, l>ist U itself in'a flourishing |H»sit)on A correspondence hus btten canicd jouniai relative to the worth of the Jerusalem n„j other coals. The Quartcrlv mating of the U?ncvolciit gaiety was iicld on the 14th instant, when tlic principal subjcct r,.f,Tn' 1 lo was an articlc that uppcurcu appeared in ii a contcmikirary, win «Ucwu tluit there v and it was clearly i nu grounds for the censure therein"contuined. We regret lo have to nvonl the doath of , Alfred Garrett, Esq.. for many years manager of tlic DcTwent utid Tnmar A«t«r;iiice (Company, , Hobart Town. Mr. Garrett \ym\ kvn for several months suffering fntm general dcbiliiy.and about , months since removal to the residence of bis «un4n-law «t Neur Norfolk, fur the benefit of }lifi h^ltli, and lingered untU the 15th instant, when he expired. The decejised was much reboth iu his public and private sphere of .lolin Perkins, Esq., M.H.A., addressed a numbcr of bis constituents at l'ort Cygnet on the 14 th instant. The lion, gentleman referred t*i the i7its of the I)it:trict, especially the roads that are riHjuVreii." The lion, gentleman was cnthusiasticed, anil his views upon the subjects , ' fljjy adverted to mjcuichI to agree with those of the j ejectors. ! c»»lonel Broughton who has for some time com- ] m:it„iLl,l the troops sUHonwl in Tasmania left for Melbourne by the steamer Ta^mmia oil the Kith . ; jnBtllnt. He will 1k» succeeded by Colonel Kempt ; ftt prewnt commanding in New South Wales, and j t.)|jt Uttjyrliagar will take charge of ! ; the t %ru o I It hus been proposed to form a company with ' a limited liability to build a theatre, combined with h a first class lintel in a central posit the city, and a favourable nite has been off If this project Is curried out will supply a 1, want long felt, for the condit , imposed by the lessee of the Theatre 1 loyal have debarred many persons from engaging that buildjnff( 0,„] many citizensdeclin jd attending while the Theatre is under Hie control of thefprcscut levsee. The appointment for the office of Suferl,,u»ndenl of the Quetn's Asylum, for Orphan children, rendered vacant hy the retirement of Dr. Benson, has been applied for by no less than 117 gentlemen. The Band hitherto knovn as the BatUliou ; ^and and uscl amonK the difllfuni Voluuteor (^mg has euaseil to be known by that cause of this alteration U that the corps hav K,f(ised tl) ganrmrt it as a bodv, hut are willing to pay for their services when required. It is iil(>U{rht probable that the band will be attaclu-d tn thc Artillery and become their exclusive propertv as nt first " X trot tine match lietwecn Mr. Oldham' "Sriwina/, Mr, Moore's «•-Ulack Bess," and Mr Fisher's chesnut mare for £25 a side, came oR 'ol, tt,e iCt|, i„stant The race was from nridgewater to the one mile done, a distance of ^ ^ althuugh Uie road was miserably yet there was some good racing. Mr Moore's man 1 won easily. Mr Fisher* ^ second, although onc« during the race, tbc rfJor i had i a _ M.:n a>iil1)iit'"fortuna!eiv i " "sustained- damage. - — Tha homos were ridden . . . by . . their . owners. And a great deal of interest was excited in the race. The Rev Dr. lillie, formerly Pastor of St, Andrew's Presbyterian Oliureh in Hobart Town, has lately been on a visit to Tasmania. Thc Bev. B^eman for s0mB «>ne araridoit j in Sow 7.P*bml, and ^ rcjm-i to state that three ! day's after lcjnng that coin ,y for tliis,Ma ton, • yonus man M about nmclecn jeaa was accJdently drowned whilecro^n? a river in a jme.; Great sympathy is cxprosscnl for tlie loss sustained by iMic reverend gentleman. Tlie T^un^sfon Vnlunt^ Artillery Corps assemblPd onihecvc? n? of ^ ^ib jul , ^nd presented apuweof O'C onnor through tho commanding officer, Captain Ilarran. , r A A^ ^W^ll ' ^ S f o T» S r ^ y e t , and Horticultural ft»oclety»woalidl«1 J^J®, «^Is instant, 1 ^ JJ^^^J®. other important hnsmess transacted. At tlie Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court yesterday, Mr. Frederick E. Mortre, wlio badlieen committe«l for trial forthemanslangbler of the man : Fanlfcner, t-. was dodared not guiUy ^tte The lectures by the Rev. J. W. Simmons at tlie Theatre Boy at, on Sunday afternoons, arc fit ill continued, aud each succeeding Sunday long before the j doors arc — opened ^ j crowds j. arc waiting outside, and but few minutes elapse after they are opened before the house is so well filled that it would be unable to obtain a scat The subjects chosen by the Rev. gentleman have bean— 1 " All that glitters is not gold,'. 1 "Murder will out," H Births, Marriages, and Deaths," aud "The Old Folks at Home." The chair has been occupied by several Aldermen and leading citizens. l^iet evening ihc members of tlie United Victoria and Hope of Kecliab Band gave an entertainment at the Alliuucc Boom in aid of the funds. There was a large attendance and tlie performances were of a varied diameter. Another old and rejected colonist died on Sunday last. Wc allude 10 Mr. William Lindsay, who has for many years been in business as m ine aiid spirit merchant in this city, and was also a large capitalist. Death was caused by taking in mistake for lime-juico a quantity o! chloride of zinc. Tho poison was taken on Friday evening last, aud the sen- ices of four eminent medical gentleman were flornrcd but lhcir cflurln were unavailing. —ailing. Mr. Lindsay was upwards ol seventy years of ngc and leaves a largo family. The I&ccutiou; of Cliaries Flanders for the murder of the child Man- Ann ltiloy at Bagdad took plaec on the 24th ultimo, It is not often that tlie extreme penalty of the law is carried into effect in this colon}*, capital crimes being now of very rare occurrence," This then being the stale of things when the brutal murder of Mary Ann Ifciiey was committed, the revolting circumstances attending it, left no room for surprize that cnergetic and prompt measures were instituted to bring the murderer to justice. These endeavours Were successful, for Charles Flan Jure .was apprehendei at Hamilton, and after a long examination at Brighton, and trial in the Supreme Court lie wus iound guilty of committing the horrible crime with which ho was olmrged. Up to the 24th ultimo winch was the day when the criminal was executed, he had not made tlie slightest; admission of lus gudt, but on the contrary continued to boldly assert his innocence. On the 24ih of June at eight o'cluck in llic morning tlie murderer was luunehed launched inlo into eternity. etcrnitv. lie He left behind slatenicut for publication to cflert that ho , acknowledged ,. - TT the jusiice \- , of — the passed upon hun. Lp to the moment °. £ .."."-''"V, 0 " 1,0 w " 5 U^sidiously attended by the Jiiglil JIcvwOTd Dr. njUson, Bishop of Hobart lown, and other of the Catholic Clergy, ' and their labours were not unavailing, for before his death lie showed evident signs of'repentance, A few gentlemen were present at the execution, . Another cri olting nature has been perpetrated i the lluon District, and tlic monster is iu custody. He H-._.1. with others ...I—, awaiting to be ..... tried, will he brought up at the Criminal Sessions, which commence yesterday morning. Willi tiiecxcept "e case for maiuiaugliter, tfie other ; cases arc for minor oHcuccs. wus tried yesterday for unnatural more than usual revolting eircm found guilty, and sentenced to death. Summers le under and We have alsv received a report that an attempt is made to commit a similar ollence upon a girl, ycars old. near tlie lluon track, on Tuesday last. Tlie villian was fortunately surprised before the commission of the deed. lie was apprehended, and will be charged with attempting the ollcncc. ^ | A public |iuo meeting was held in Launceston, on the 17lh instant, to ransidcr a petition to I'arlialucnt for the lepeal of tlie mi ra/o,™ Duties Act. j The petition whii-h was adopted shewed that a general feeling of animosity to the present system | of taxation exists among the Norlhcniers. , A meeting of the Warden audOouncillors, of the | newly formed Jiural Municipality of Sorell, was held on Sutlirdav, when Mr. Fiuximmons was elected as Council Clerk, but the oilie.: of Superinteudent of l'olice is not yet tilW up. 'tu( ol a large numberoi applicants, tlienrcsent Superintendent of l'olice, Mr. A. H. Iiov.1, has been appointed to the office of Supcriutcndcnt and Purveyor of the Queen's Asylum. Applications for the o(Bce of Su[ieiinteiident of l'olicc thus rendered vacant, will be received until the end of the present month. Two Victorians, lately engoged al l'ingal, liave to town. The result of their testing proves iliat 7 dwts.may be obtained as an average by iiroi»cr workiuc. • - 