MELBOrnRtfR Tf> TfTAPF.K" A in dunedin. ( Continued. ) As may be imagined, Dunedin is not over-abun dantly supplied with amusements. When I first ar rived, there was nothing for it hut to stroll up and down the Arcade, or to join the crowd congregated all day long in greater or lesser numbers at the intersection of Stafford and Princess-streets. — com- monly known as the "the Provincial Corner," from the proximity of the Provincial Hotel. The afore said Arcade, by the way, is a ricketty wooden abor tion, without any arch,— a kind of gallery leading from one street into another, and parcelled out into a number of small and uncomfortable looking dens after the manner of arcades generally. Here I fell in with a host of Victorian celebrities, the very first shop having "Chapman, from Castlemaine," boldly written on the paue3, and a jaunty parti-colored pole jutting out over the door. I found our old friend plying comb and scissors with an alacrity quite refreshing to behold, happy and thriving in his vocation, and polling large numbers of old ac quaintances, day by day. Bendigo has its repre sentative in the Arcade in the person of Armstrong, the fruiterer, lato of Pall Mall. Ballarat, in Isaacs, the druggist, formerly of the Main-road ; ICyneton, in Dr Wilson ; Melbourne, in Mr South, the solici tor ; and indeed, I verily believe that every town in tho colony has contributed one or more specimens of the genus homo to the Dunedin Arcade. But I was speaking of amusements when the wicked imjn Digression, tempted me into tho bye- path of persona reminiscences. During my stay at Dunedin those enterprising caterers for the public, and enthusiastic admirers of lago's advice to Rode- tigo — "Put money in thy purse," — Messrs Jones and Bird (whilome of Sandhurst) opened two places of public amusement, a theatre and a concert room. The former is comically and very ingeniously brought into existence every night. Imagine a large sale yard with a lofty roof, and a range of stalls for horses on either side. By day the central area is occupied with horses brought for sale, and groups of eager buyers and still more eager sellers. Persons arrayed in the antique costume of the stable, gallop recklessly to and fro, and the iron roof resounds to tho cracking of multitudinous whips, the application of eccentric and sanguinary adjectives, and the " Going ! going! gone!" of the very blandest of auctioneers. At night— hey, presto !— the sale yard is cleared out, the horses are boxed in by sliding shutters, the stage, triced up by day, is lowered to a horizontal position, forms are brought into requi sition, and for a few brief hours the votaries of Thalia reign supreme. To he sure, a hypercritical nose might object to the strong smell of ammonia, whereof the atmosphere is redolent, for "The horses have taken stall tickets, they say, In this magical transformed the-ay-lre." Thus sings Thatcher of Bendigonian fame, who with Madame Vitelli has fairly taken Dunedin by storm, at the Commercial Hotel Concert llooui (the theatre is at the Provincial). The perversity of the old chums, and the freaks of the uew comers, the pecu liarities of the "Dunedin Loafing Society" (who to the number of some hundreds, thrive and grow fat on cookies and watercress, both of which may he had for the picking up), the doings of Mr Commis sioner Brannigan, and such like small commo dities, form the staple of Mr Thatcher's (budget; whilst Madame's Scotch ballads are nightly ap plauded by the canny folk who flock to listen, and to drink "gude whiskey" at the bar craftily set forth at the end of the apartment. The hotels are mostly crowded by day and night. I have heard on excellent authority of £1000 being taken over the bar of one house in a week, and the popular thirst is yet unassuaged, and apparently unassuagahle. Beds too are at a premium, every stretcher being engaged before noon, and "shake downs" on the floor — price 2s (id — not always to be obtained. The law regulaing the sale of liquors is rather peculiar. There are three kinds of licenses issued, — one — a general license, as with us, another for the sale of wines and beer only, and a third — hear it, hear it, Oh Michie and rejoice ! — granted to any person who may apply for it, is the sale of liquors by the bottle. Night licenses are not permitted, and all houses are required to close at 10 o'clock. On Sunday they are closed until 1 o'clock, after which they are allowed to be open till seven in the even ing, when they are again — nominally closed. If I am asked how these regulations work, I am hound to answer exceedingly well. Drunkenness is comparatively rare. Occasionally, one may meet with over ardent disciples of Bacchus, but the police sheet exhibits a very scanty list of disorderlies. Sunday is remarkably well kept, the churches are thronged with attendants on Divine worship in the morning, and although the streets aud hotels are equally thronged iu the after portion of the day, there is at any rate no disturbance of the peace. AVhy the bars are ordered to he closed at 7 o'clock, I do not know, except that it he that six hours are considered sufficient time in which to get "fou." But 0110 thing iB certain that whereas they really are closed in the morning, the back-stair is in con tinual requisition during the evening, and would be more so, were it not for the single bottle system, which allows tho cellarless portion of the community to drown care "amang tho nappy" at home. The Otago police are a fine body of men, as might he supposed, seeing that they consist principally of the elite of our Victorian force, At their head is Mr St. John Brannigan, with the title of commissioner, and the dignity of magistrate. Many of our old detectives have migrated thither also. I have said that tho streets of Dunedin aro irn- paved — they are also unlightcd. The wonders of gas are unknown, and save the public house lamps, there arc none of any kind. The police are indeed a kind of peripatetic illuminators, aud I was more than once indebted to a friendly hull's eye for assistance in picking my way through tho horrible puddles wherewith some of the streets abound in wet wea- Tho soil around Dunedin is particularly good. The basaltic hills, whereon the town is built, are covered to tho very top with rich black vegetable mould, iu which native shrubs flourish in rich profusion. Eng lish grasses and clovers, red and white, take kindly to tho soil aud climate, forming a rich thick turf, green and fragrant as that of an English meadow. The ground seems to be free from that Australian curae — tho sorrel, mid indeed weeds of any Icind are rarely seen. The native llax — a kind of bulriiBli — grows in largo clusters everywhere, attaining sometimes a height of 11 feet, ft is brought into re- quisition in its unprepared state for a variety of pur poses. Diggers use it to fasten their swags ; . dray men lash on stray articles of lading with it. Where nails aro scarce fences aro " fixed" with it, and I saw some roadmen laying out their work w'th of tho aamo material. Tho lower portion of the leaf is stained red, and contains a large amount ot utuci- lage, which renders it unlit for commerce. Tho general government have offered a reward of £1009 to any person who will discover and make puulie any process by which the ilax can ho freed from | these impurities. As Now Zealand llax has lately been sold in tho English markets at £38 per ton, I presume tho secret has been discovered, but it is soarooly to ho expected that it will he disclosed to tho public for a sum which is only equal to the price of 25 tons. Amongst the native shrubs of Dunedin is the tree tutu (pronounced loot.) Its leaves are poisonous and so are its berries, both having the effect of an irritant narcotic, hut possessing, as I believe, some valuable medicinal properties. The berries of this shrub re semble somewhat tlioso of the elder tree. The stone or seed alone is poisonous. The juice of the berry is innoxious, and from it tho Maories prepare a strong fermented liquor. It is sweet to tho taste in its raw state, rather mawkish, hut not disagreeable in the absence of waters, strong or simple. The dwarf tutu, an equally poisonous plant, is also abund ant ; hut of this more anon. In consequence of the high price of fuel, it is not often that one sees a fire in tho habitats of tho gude folk of Dunedin. Wood sells freely at 20s the load, and coal at £5 tho ton. The lignites and coal of the province have not yet been sufficiently deve loped to admit of their being extensively used, hut there is every prospect of Otago being fully supplied from these sources with the materials for defence against the inclemency of tho weather. Provisions are dear. Meat is a shilling a pound, and bread Is the 41b loaf. Butter — fresh — sells at 2s 6d to 3s, and is seldom seen on the tables of the hotels, had Cork butter- rancid and vile — being usually substituted, even in tho country inns. Fish is plentiful and good. Barraeoutas sell readily at about Is each, and gropers, trumpeters, a small cod fish, all of excellent flavor, and other piscatorial dainties, are procurable at moderate prices. The Maories, who have a small reserve fronting the hay, and in the very heart of the town, are the principal caterers in this line. With regard to business in Dunedin, it appears to me that the same game is being played there as was played in Melbourne in 1852-3. Melbourne was then crammed with all the unsaleable rubbish of England, and the warehouses of Dunedin are now filled to repletion with similar refuse from Victoria. Bad provisions — villainous liquors of all kinds — and wretched articles of apparel, have been shipped off at high freights iu tho vain hope of large profits. The inevitable result is easily foreseen. Better goods are coming into the market now, and many of the ori ginal consignments will fail to realise sufficient to defray the expenses attaching to their warehousing and sale. This is as it should he. The speculator is not a legitimate trader, nor is successful specula tion always a healthful indication. Not that it is desirable for an entire community to resemble the ghost of Banquo, who "had no speculation in his eye." But enough of Dunedin, aud hey for the diggings ! 