"a- little i ioffn to a weakness lor odd out-of-the-way |iooU Do jnot- understand by' tbwtlmt. I-:am cneof thoso bibliomaniacs who would give au .tDonnous sum for a Breoclics .Bible, or. tho jfihtn princepof a Qreek classic. Mytransac- tlflnj twIiL h. j' L T ' .1 . J ..1.2 1 tiio great Touuors OijiypograpiJiuui prilies are very limited. . I lovo. to I potter jjinong old book-stalls, -nnd- instoad of- indulging i a propensity to give a great deal- fot« wliat' is i foril1 'it Httlo, , X sacrifice, smpll 'slim's'fdr Sttidcs that aro worth nothing at, all; A .queer i frontispiece, a strange. title-pnge,-..an- obsoiete |Wbject, are each of tiiem quite- ''sufficient to jjwsf sue, „ parting between myself, and -my -iJomo cash as fully illustrates tho-.fqroo.m.f .a idl-loipwn Scottish proverb.,- 4 - -i- r vi'iii o! ;j 10 aanscqueuco of my propensity lias been , acquaintance with a certain - eliiss'.'Qf'bobk'- 1 % 1 rf w'lo, though never numerous,' wci-o more | Eo thirty joara 0g0 (lnn they nvo at- present, j ISlJ s»# the dealers in astrological; magical, ' SlnnV '"J'lifhooks, old-fasliioned mysteH'tiiis- \ L ln= Vlumo3, not. to be ; confounded with1 |ii .ilIPcnijy Fortune-tellers aiid Drbam-books ; lili. .Waal to the plebeian desire to .penetrate ' lis .fvv8 oP future. They were mostly l»ilnJ i L.0,ndition, and when- they were «sti Jlr Pi0'111,1:", these wero far more iovm. T ,mn i'10 letter-press, wliicli; . wliat- HU5noiiWn3 1 fanguago of tho author, was lists / u.'untc'l'"ihle. Tlie astrologicii'i. treh- j tci-m,"11 Lou liow to onst your horoscope in Kths «,,fQ vnSuei 'hat a p.rnclioal . npplicntiou < Of ,„C3, w?3 simply impossible. -Tho nlelio- isot i„ i i 111 on "I'agbTical jargon, -'which - whs latructin '""ffffo.d into tho language ' of in- itoois ,"i'- , est oP a'l ware the .magical : \- of grit I'-10.1? conlained' rules fori tljpoxbreism : k. BW'Vhnt the invocations '. to be. nqed Idtiiioiis impious, tlint.nono but-. iho; ( Blalouj "'omselves would care: to road tiiem. SaoalvL " , necessary preparations' could i sJwoiiM n-81 "cost of' tinio'n'nd' labour that! I ioonjuro? V' ,r . ''qavy ;for p dilcttnntb ' iloois „;,M CeItB,lnly. a ' md.ro. hiteless 'sbt' of Milan lliesn < -T0 Lcou cbliectcd,' "together' IS of n. «. "y5-10. -works, vvliich. ut one time i 'q'l'ounliT.la0011 u.'' my attention, g 'han'tho "their contents i»tadiesari» c6hC?t%-m'®$— M?r' | e confipoa to tlxq pornltUo daily '\s ' " ' "'KM- U'-'C j.': hue newspaper. The books wore odd and out of fTMVa ' wns eaouS fr me. jTlie booksellers who sold tho rubbish wore mostly queer personages, nnd thero wero acnrcely two of thom. whoso department of business was preoisely tho eamo. I do not think there was ono who dealt exclusively in the works to which I refer j but whilo in this place magic was to bo found in company with old-fashioned mnthcmatics, it waa elsewhere associated with miscellaneous divinity, whilo a I third vendor would combine it with tho I utterances of modem Bocinlism. Hut tlio i dealers were alike in tbeao particulars : that | they took enormous quantities of BnuiT, which I left permanent marks on their linen j that | their coals were in tho condition popularly I called seedy j that their breath gavo evidonco. I of n consumption of spirits in tho forenoon ; | and that thoy wero inclined to be very communicative with their customers. By tho I outlay of a fow shillings it was easy to pro cure an hour or two of by 110 means ordi nary talk; ' ' . As the persons who bought oddity merely for oddity's sako could not form a large class, I Wit curious to know who wero tho principal purchasers of; works on those' ooculfc sciences, which, liavo beon exploded in tho actual scien tific world. , They wero not bound in a pecu liarly costly way to attract tho notice of the wealthy bibliomaniac, hotr could ho respect thorn ns curiosities of literature At tho same time they wero too dry and-too 'grim to tempt the giddy girls, who consult gipsies end buy ordinary drenm- books j and too oxpensivo to suit the pockets of that portion' of tho commu nity that might possibly bo . superstitious: enough to reverence their contents;,) You will boar in mind, that T-ara talking of thirty years ago, when tho spirituqlistio theories tlmfc arOj cntortaincd 'by many highly cultivated persons of the present 'day could scarcely - be said to exist, and when the .belief in anything like a ghost was regarded as the infallible Bign of ra» defectivo education." , From the information I received in answer to numerous inquiries, I arrived at the conclu-. for the most part pe'rsons who gaincd a scanty livelihood by those occupations, of a sedentary I kind, which nro mostly! pursued in solitude.' Cobblers especially are familiar specimens of tlio; class to which I refor. Imporfeotly 'educated,- shut out from intercourse with their follow- men, and engaged in a trade which employed the fingers, and left the 'mind unoccupied, these I men could wander' in thought into tlio most- extraordinary' regions, and tlio more imaginative J among thorn found a congenial aliment in .works which- spoke of a familiarity with spirits, and a power to nnticipatoltho revelations of tho fiituro. Thoso who are excluded from tlio actual world are very apt to fashion a world . of tlieir own,. . j 'i ' j . ' 1 : : I- AYull, so anxiou3. wero theso rpoor .cobblers I for the possession of unintelligible trash, .that l.mhny.qf them would, pay foy a yolumo .pricod ,r(say) at thirty shillings, in instalments of »<l xi«nnnyiA A» o ellilll'nff nOF Wflfllf. fpftpftll til Q fc tlio trcasuro .might be snatched from their grasp if th'ey "did not "leave something upon' itiM nnd fondly looking forward to the time when thoy would bo entitled to boar tho page3 ' of sham wisdom to their sblitary homes. ' I do not boliovei that a single one of them ever attempted to hold . converse with ; the spirit Astnrotlv or to discover the philosopher's stone.. But it was pleasant to reflect that the secret" of vperforming these wonders was to be found. any. rate on one's sliolf, if not within o'no!s brain, and that,- somo .day or other, one might possibly be a magician. A few,Jt think, dabbled in astrology,' but I am of opinion that thb predictions' '"which" '..thoy .founded upon, carefully constructed horoscopes, -were not a quarter so satisfastory, so" clear, or sooxciting- as 1 hose - of the old lady - who professionally , cut tho cards" in the nearest court, a and opened the gates' of the future to her admiring .customers at'the small-chorgo of one-shilling a head. . ' Pcrhaps.I1 have convcycd a wrong impression by asserting thnt tlio, books to which I allude tiro not to bo confounded with the common I Fortune- tellers and Dream-books which wore onco sold at sixpence, and are now, I .bolioye, to bo obtained for a penny. I .meant that" in shnpo, 'sizej style, and breadth of subject,,. they are different, but you must. nbt imagine". that tho cheap school of magical litcraturo w wholly 1 unconnected with tlio other. Thoso "little receipts for spells and- incantations,' which are conned over by manya serving-maid, are so- many excerpts' -from larger .volumes,, made I goodness knows when; or,at any. rato, are rags unil luttors of the huuiu. science, which is'.lnore ponderously/ represented in .tho: thick ? quartos. Many persons will reniotpber, a sort of drawing", room Fortuneteller whiolvmadofts appearance about thirty or fOrty years since, cost five I shillings, nnd was called- Napoleon's .Book, of (Fate. Certain groups of asterisks, whicli I appenved in a large pictures-had a great denl M to do with tho process it recdramen'dcd; ' Well, these groups are tjie.Bigna belonging to tho old science of geomancy, ' tboy are 'as regularly I named as the signs of tho zodiac,1 and d ! Icliapter is devoted to thcm byHoiiry Corneliu! igrippa in his work on Occult 1 hilosopliy. 1 However, my objeetis not' to draw a- com- v jiarison between ancient and modern magic,' but to tell a story which I .picked, up from one; of my old booksellers, pud which, related to a work that ho had' sold, many years before.) 'This old man was the - only one of all. , the » fraternity who regarded occult science with ; anything like reverence' and "ftiitb.. . Tlie vest,. I should eny," scarcely ' belieypd! in' oiiything> besides snuff and gin-and-'watcr.' ( An old cobbler of Bartholomew cloc,' having won a small prize in the lottery, in those golden days when' thoi names of By sshfe and Goodluck wero more familiar to tho public'tlian tlioso of the greatest heroes, poets, or stat'esmon, resolved to shut up bis stall, at leasts for awliiloiiaiid to sojourn with a relative in the country.tltewfctf one of those humble students, of . occult soience tpi Whom T have alluded, pud be attributed; his possession of a lucky number to the skill with wliich ho -hadhitorpretod a aigniflcant idream. His, tools were deposited at ono. of thoso convenient.! establishments which are always ready to PfToct small ldans' on adequate secu- ritv, .tlie key .was turned' in, his look, pis two qr.'tbrcb4 occult ; books, were ; tucked ' nndei his nrnv, and his bodily self was conveyed1 on tlio top. of the stage-coach to. his. relative abodo. For the first - day or. .two. .everybody. seemed gladjto isce-hitn, but p;licn pld.stories, had been told on both. sides people. began to, wish | that tho cobbler had stppped in Lonapn, anu .the wisli gained in intensity. as the visitors purse groy-T light. Ho - died suddenly , enough to occasion a. shock, wliicli, perhaps, vibrated through' tlic village for a weekj but tho tears siietl for liiiu wero few, and some even referreq to ins ucceasB as , Tlio voliiinos-on oconlt- soience wore tlie only property left by-'tlio -oobbler. Ho lincl-novor liseourse'il of tliom, and the gooclwifo i of tlio house finding them nndor-liis bod, 'niid.hghting on ft To iv words tbat.seomed. to. have -n pious signification, concluded .that, thoy were, good books" fitted for Sunday reading. She: accordingly clothed thorn in greqn baize and nssiniod to thom tho -post of honour on tlio: .ido-tablo in tho best room. An astrologic .1 : chapter on the malignont power of Siitnrn confirmed ' her in lier opinion ' for not . being strong in orthography, sbo .confounded the name of tlio planet'witb .that of tlio nroh- enemy ngninst whom slie thought'' a solomn , nnd n wholosomo warning had beon written. Do not imagine thnt the good-wifo was o -wliit loss slirowd than iter neighbours in rant- tors whioli siio - perfectly understood. Even we, clever ns wo all think ourselves, might arrive at n wrong conclusion as to tlie pur port of n largo book if we required threo hours -te-epcll -through-US- man v lines, -nnd- wore -compelled, whenever we closed the- volume, to stick -o pin nt the point wliero our studies coKsed' for fear of losing the place. . Tho old lady, you perceive, was perfectly consistent, when one Sunday nftornoon, boir- ing her daughter : Betsy comp am of the head aolie, she advised lipr not. to go to "ohurob, but by way of. substitute to peruse ono of. her licensed oausin s 8"' ®'. Betsy, left 'at' homo -by, herself, fbUouod this excellent connsel.'nnd ' her obedience was s?on roworded, for dbe'liglitid on.n pago illlc(l with J./HV! 7 41! ' \- I .i j A T ;L '' ' ' most interesting and exciting matter.- Being n, better scholar than her mother, Bho speedily devoured n chapter,, in wliich young indies were taught tlio art of peeping so far into futurity that tlicy could discover the face nnd figure of their future husbands. The menus requisite to obtain this dcsirnblo end wore most various, and BOmo of tliera so -simple, that ono could only marvel thoy lind not been tried by every damsel in tho United Kingdom. There is, howovor, a certain ninount of fear, that oommonly stands in the wny of magical ex-' perimonts, nnd that this fear is not always umvliolosomo will bo proved by my story. Betsy lind an invalid friend-in tlio villoge, who lived alone in a small cottage, nnd pnssccl much of her timo in an arm clinir. As Nancy, so- ns I' shall call her, could not moyo much, she indulged grcaily in tulk, and nil acquaint ance who would drop in and gossip was to lior tlio most inostimablo of blessings. Betsy nnd another girl nnmcd Fanny were her most fre quent associates, nnd tlio now stock of learn ing inipartod by the former gave quite a fresh- tone to the ordinary conversation. Instead of talking scandal about tlieir neighbours, tho girls actually began to confino their discourse to matters that concerned tliomsolves. After much discussion, it was resolved that one of the, curious experiments described by Betsy should be made in due form, and that Nancy's residence should bo the scene of tlio operation. Tho biroumstaneo that this must bo performed at- midnight presented no serious difficulty. Of course girls could not expediently tell their mothers that tlicy ' wero going to hold n sort of witches' sabbath for the sako of beholding thoii- future husbands, but tlicn Nnney had only to say that she was more than ordinarily indisposed, nnd lier two friends had only to pijofcss a henovplent desiro to sit up with tlio invalid, and thus every obstacle to tho meeting was removed., ' , , ; |Tlie required process was as follows: A cake was to be composed of. certain materials, and placed on the hearth shortly before midnight. Against this cake each of tlio girbLWfifil wore kiufe _b?lqiL\"qjreAeo)' A'Boiit tho hour of- mid night, tlio npparation of ' the future husbands might bo expected. - Each of these wonld'tnke the" knife belonging to Iris own -bride, to whom alone lie- would-be visiblo,- and would- cot a slice of the cake. - r On the appointed evening all the prepara tions bad ; been made, with .one . exception. Betsy.wlioliad bouglit a knife from a travelling . ipodlnr the day, before, had unfortunately mislaid it, so, as far as she was concerned', the experiment, it seemed, would bo imperfect. , No matter, tliey determined'; to get on ns. well as thoy could: ; If, . in : trying to raise; three gliosis one succeed8,ia raising two, it is not such ; a . great failure .after all. So Funny arid Nancy, both placed tboir knives, and Betsy joino'd tlierii inriwntehmg the' enke,' all ; .kijoping the required1 kUenee. As midriiglit approached they felt oppressed by a somewhat' vague terror',1 and a very dofinito sleepiness, while the" eiroiimslaifco thnt the fire" went out, and that not one of them dared to rekindle it, ' by no -means increased tho cheerfulness of tlio corcmony. i Thoy wero beginning to nod, and soomod far more likely to behold tlieir future husbands in ! dream-land than on tlio surfaco of the earth, when the twelvo su-ieessiro bangs of tlio church 1 clock striking midnight made them open their 1 eyes wide, and this done, tliey wero byno 1 irieans inclined to recloso them, for every ono of them saw — something, j Fanny saw a young man oi a neighbouring village, with whom she had often flirted. Ho seemed to drop down the ohimnoy, and to stare at the eako with stupid unexpressive eyes.. At last ho picked up Fanny's knife, greedily c'nrvcd for liimsolf an unbecomingly largo slice of tlio . dcljcacy, wrapped it up in a pocket handkercliiof, crammed, .it into the side pockot of his coat, .arid vanished. . i Betsjv who' hacU expected; to eeo nobody, bolield A; porfeet'strnnger, evidently a town- tired young man oi somewhat superior station. Ho seemed wofully discomposed at not finding tho knifo of his future bride, examined the eako ou all sides, and' glanced hastily round the room, as if-lio hoped to detect the misBing article in some obscure corner. His anxiety iri tlio meanwhile became terrible; and at last, with a look of the most iatenso agony, lie matched from bis pocket a clasp-knife, with wliich lie mado tlio expected incision. Ho then devoured tlio slice with every nppo&ranco; i of deep abhorrenco, and dashing .his knife furiously on tho ground, sank 03 it soomod through tlie floor. j As for tho poor invalid Nancy, nil sho saw was a coffin, which intruded itself on the 'man- tel-piece, and stood like a groat clumsy cliim- . riey prriameiit,. bowing forward from time, as. if making a sort of ghostly salutation. . | a # ' j Tlio girls wero not very comfortable next day. Naney'B vision of the coffin was, of course, anything but cheering to tho habitually snelan- ! blioly invalid. Betsy's phantom, with his agony and his rage, had not looked very promising, , i and though slio picked up liis knife, which had 1 1 remained open, and carefully put it in a box acvoicu IU liiU 9UIU uuaumy ut Uiwiviwa JVIUI/IWUB .rather from tlieir association with flomo-isenti- jment than from their pecuniary vnlpo,. it was i 'with a feeling of decided uneasiness. Fanny's i j shadowy sweetheart had, indeed, looked vulgar ' sand common-place enough, but thoro is some- , ;thing even in tho most loutish , of ghosts that j will affect the. equanimity of tlio moat light- j jmirido'dbBliolder.' j Let us now see liow tho predictions of that : fatal night wore fulfilled. ' 1 Fanny's affections,' which' 'were not worth imuoh, "had 'for somo time been pretty equally i balanced between' two young swains, whom I 'will respectively'- call -Hob ond Nob. Ohoice, indoed, wns somowbat:diffieult in this cuse, so exactly did.ouo match the Other, in the absence - i of- overy.attraqlivo quality. . However, Hob's ugly Bpoctro had condescended to slrew itself, and Hob was therefore selected ns the happy man. Tho marriagoAdid not turn out very well. Hob soon began to make bis wife uneasy by stopping "very lato at tho aloliouso, and then he reversed the current of her feelings by using her so ill that slie dreaded his return oven more than liis nbsoneo. Moreover, she had the mortification of seoing Nob, who mar ried nn ugly girl from d neighbouring village, soltlo down into a very thriving and respectable clod. Betsy bad almost forgotton all about tlio cake and knife, nnd was trying to look about forl'o B'wootheart among tlio liomc-produeo of tho district, when the London conch brought down a smart commercial traveller, in whom site recognised, half witlf'jby, half willv terror, the original of. tlie. shadowy . portrait. "Well, there was lovo'at 'first' sight on. liis part, and what rimv: fairly bo'callod lovo at second sight on hers ; and when1 tliey were married — which tlioy soon' were— tliey looked n vory promising couple. The ! hi'idegroom resolved to pas3 a week or two in the village, and as ho happoned at the time to liavo about _ him plenty of money, wliich lie expended, with liberality, ho soon.beoamp gonorally, popular. .This-: popu. larity, too, was sensonod with respect, for ho was 'quito enough of a gontlomnn to bo vastly superior to tlio roiighhown do'ts who consti tuted the society of the village. . As the time .for returning to London ap- pronebed, Betsy . bogaii to pack up a foiv of her valuables among "which; tho box containing tho knife was orio 'of the most important. It had proviously boen'hiddon in the corner of a cup board,' rind as it was a curious-looking article, olaboratoly ornamented with fantastic scrolls of older-pith, it'at onco attracted the attention of her husband. Harry— that was liis name- took -it up; carefully examined tho curious pattern on tho lid nnd sides, and oporied it. Then, ns if immediately transfixed with horror, lie let it fall with all its contents to the ground. Poor Betsy stared. with all lier might, and was nbout to inquire, into the onuso of this perturbation, when , ho stopped lior short,- by hastily, picking, up 'the knife, and exclaiming : " Ours'ed witch,' where did you got this P" _ .Betsy .'wlio,. did not .exactly like to. sayi eommencpd n series of stammers and stutters, but wai sobiVrelier.ctl fi-om the trouble of 'an bxplrination by her liUBbarid, who, maddened with fury, shouted out : I,., ' : ' i i I.- V ! : ' - -i " Wretch, .on tho might when I lost this knife, I .was dragged by invisible hands, through a lnko of burning brimstone, and suffered tortures that tlio human tongue cannot describe," Botsy was on the point of saying " La !" or 'I Gracious !" or " Bless mo !" or somo other short phrase ra'thor indicative of surprise than intelligence, wlion sho was stopped by lier husband, who, with n frantio gesture, bounded towards her, and plunged the knifo into hor heart. When tlio assizes enmo on, Harry was tried for murder ; . but ho displayed to the court such an uncommon familiarity with demons nnd witches, that although he flourished iu tlio good old hanging times, lio was merely con fined for life in a lunatic asylum as an incur, nblo madman. Tho disconsolate mother of Betsy, who afterwards heard from Fanny the particulars of tlio experimental night, resolved ' that tlio wicked books should no longor romain in her house. 'Howovor, being n thrifty dame, she did not throw them into tlio fire ; but taking advantage of a journey to London, resold them very clienp to the bookseller who bad vended them , very dear to the defunct cobbler, and wboso name hod been written : on- the titlo page. At the' same time she called him an abominable old man, vindicating this expression of opinion by tolling him -tho story, which ho afterwards retailed to mo. ' » . :# The village where tlio events above narrated took place is not voiy far from London,. ( and shortly .nftor I had hoard tho bookseller's ' talo I paid it a visit. - , As I nppi-onchod it, my .'eye fell upon nn exceedingly dirty old woman, who n century or two before would cortainly have been burned for n witch, and who,, with, a short pipe in her moutli, was busily, engaged in pioking lipsticks and othor articles of small vnluo by the rdndside. Not notieine_mn. nhn wnsinlW/-'utnAreivU," -nna" JB'iinriy dend from ill-usngo, and I shall hover got married," snid tho old crono ; "no, I shall never get married, for I saw tho coffin, arid tho burial- day is sure to; come before tlio wedding." "IVliy, bleSB me!" I cried out in astonish ment, " you must surely bo Nancy !" _ / T " Eli ?" ejaculated . tlie crone, fixing hor sharp' eyes upon -mo. "Eh? Yes, Nnnoy is: my name. Though how you know, that-I. don't know, Land I ' don't . crire. But I hope you'll give mo a trifle to get some tobacco." / I put hnlf-'ri-'cVown in lier liimd, when slio hobbled off as , quick as slio could, without uttoring a >ord of tliinks.— All he, Tear Soiiml, 8th January. Testimonial to Dit. Bowman.— -Tho folr lowing .is. a. copy of tho memorial presented, to Dr. Bowman, on Tuesday evoning. last, by the Victorian Lodge .of the.Grand_U)iitcd Order of'Odd Fellows,- on tho occasion of liis resign ing tlio ofiico of , surgeon, to that body referred :om our columns yesreroay : wruuu uii»vou Drder of Odd Fellows. — To E. B.'Bowmiiri, Esq., M.D. — Respected Sir and Brother, — We, tho undorsigned, having heen appointod l 'committeo by the Vietoria Lodge; No. 982, Melbourne District;, G;H.Q.O.F.;'for! the pur- poso o'f-fconveyirig to you: -a sense 'of tho high opinion the lodge holds of your professional abilities, os well as of the uritifing e6nscien: tious and assiduous' manner'' in which you fulfilled 'the duties of your office , whilst' you acted' as medical officer to tho nbove-namod lodge; 'desire to convoy to you our appreciation' of- your courteous,- urbauo, nnd gentlemanly deportment, as well as of tjio able and successful . mariner iri which you ;dischnrgod your, duties to -the brothers of your lodge,. their, wives and fami lies, and do hope that, although your profes-i sipn 1 eonncelioii with , the. lodgo is in the mcantimo severed, yet- we may still he favoured with your appreciation of arid assistance in administering, tho benefits our order is so woll ealculated to he3tow ; and do . also hope that you will always ' meet with that' success in life that your eminent abilities enlhlo you to- Dear Sir and Brother, with this earnest expressiori of our recognition of your worth as a genlloriian, and your skill ns a physician, arid wishes for your future welfare, we beg to subscribe ourselves most respectfully, yours iri tho bonds of the order — Brother Alexander Mair, P.G.M. ; Brother Archibald H. Ritchie, P.G.M. ; Brother John Cornwall." The testimonial was tastefully executed, and hand somely framed. . Missing Extdobehsi. — A correspondent of the Pastoral Times, writing from Fort Bourkc says : — " Groat fears are entertained that young Curlewis, and n yoring man riame'd M'Cullooh, who started together from Dr Youl's station, below this, have' perisho'd. They went out bnck to look for country, nnc tho only cliance of th'eir safety would nppeni to bo that- thoy may possibly: como acrosi Howitt's track, and- get relief, from !them Tliey have ibeon away more than double thi lime tliey proposed to -be, or than ;tbey hat rations for.'' : ; . . . -it 