To-mnorrowis the day appointed, by advertise ment, for the adjournetd - motig of persons fa vorable to the project for erecting some tangible and permanent record of the estimation in which the character and virtuies of the late PRINCE CONSORT are held by the people ofothese remote portions of the empire, in common with those who had nearer and better opportunities of ob serving their manifestations and estimating their influence. We hope that a just estimate of the excellent qnalities of the PRIsNCE, may have the effect of bringing together a goodly concourse of the inhabitants of this town and district; and we trust, also. that in such event, there will tnor be wanting good sense and good taste, to direct the liberality of those who may be willing to cono tribute firom their purses for the accomplishmentu of this desirable object. At a mieeting rcetitly held at Wollongong for the soame purpose, the idea..of makiting a pecuniary collection, to be forivwatled to Sydney in aid of the project for the erection of a statue, or seome similar memo rial, on a conspicuous spot in the metropolis, seems to have net with little favor, and the meet ing was induced to remember that charity begins at ihome: that a graven imago set op in some street, square, or pleasure-ground in the distant capital of the colony, would probably hlie pro duciive of less advantage to the district of Illa warra, than an hospital erected and maintained, (we wish the word endowed were not altogether irrelevant) in the district itself. Accordingly, it is to the building of an " Alert Hospital" that the contributious which tmay be made for the perpetuation of the memory of thie PtRINCE in WVollongong are to be applied. It is, perhaps, but an indifferent compliment to the benevo. lence of the neighborhood, that if an hospital were a real desideratum, (as we suppose it was), the measures necessary for its establishment should only have been set on foot, when a public calamity furtnished an adventitious stimulus for such a proceeding ; but we cannot but approve the tacet and good sense of those who gave to the movement a direction characterised by such eminent utility. At lBathurst, also, if we recol lect right, tihe wish to honor the memory of PnaItN AruBItT thas been turned to aecount for the same important purpose. It is not our wish to suggest that precisely the same shouldo be done in Kiama ; but, without erecting in the Market-square a statue of tihe PRINCE C(iNSOsttT, as a companion to our milliarium or obelisk at the end of Manning-street, we thinkl that any sum which the public spirit of our people may furnish for tlhe purpose in hand, may still in a different mode be its properly expended in the town of Kiama, as it could be if for warded to the central committee for the purpose of assisting to defray the expense of the metro politan memorial. 'There is in our young town ship at institution, which, though it hats always been acknowledged to have been eminently ser viceable to the neighborhood, neverthele-s tmain-. tains only a very precarious existence, and is now, strange to say, in a less flourishing coin dition that at the time when the settlement was in absolute infancy,-we allude to the School of Arts and.Debating Society, whiach, though a site of ground was long ago granted hby the Go vernment for its use, has never yet 'coitrived to erect ta home of its own ; barely demonstrates its existence by thinly-attended fortnightly meetings, and is, in fact, in scarcely a better position than a disembodied ghost. It is quite unnecessary to spend words in showing hli? properly the erection of at home for the houseless society would be connected with the name and memory of a Piuxoe " whose only aimn" (in the words of the QUEEN'S letter to the Lottu MAYoR) "was to improve the condition of the people, and to promote their best in terests." WeVo are mtuch concerned at the present unfiavorable condition of the society; and think that if such an institution were allowed per manently to slumber in a district where the average of intelligence is perhaps high, it would be both a dishonior andi a disadvantage to those who have supported it. The propriety'of imt parting the rudiments of knowledge to children is very generally recagnised, and the consequenti 'obligation is not,.perhaps,- very flagrantly ne glected here. But the desirability of encourag ing the formation of intellectual habit among those who have passed from the control of tutors, perhaps of parents ; and the imnportance of retdoring the acquisition of such habits plea cant and attractive, seems to blie almost entirely ignored. To leave moere generalities, however, we tire of opinion. that those of.our townsmen, and others who are desirous to give substantial expression to their appreciation of the public and private virtues of PRINCE ALBERT, can cannot do so in a better or more appropriate mntiner, than by seizing the present occasion, to give a " local habitation " as well as a " name," to tilhe society which henceforth might, if it appear desirtble, be distinguished by the name of the "Albart School of. Arts," or somte similar appellation; and, if the munificence of the meem bors or patrons of the society, should extend so for listo decorate some one of its apartments with a well-painted portrait of the PRINCE, why, so much the better. We are not, however, recommending or contemplating anything which woull ivolvoe a heavy outlay : on the contrary, we thinak that a very moderate sum collected in tihe district, andl supplemented, as we suppose it auaoild bhe hby thel customnary liberality of the government, would be sutlicient to mtake a very respectable commencoment. Without a building of its own, we think thi society can hardly be expected to maintain a vigorous existence : but in the erection of such building it would not be niecessary to emulate the style of architecture ex emplified in tho:nes# Presbyterian Church. Of course ;it would be neither easy nor proper to entei inuitelPy into the details of such a matter in an article like the.present. We will, how ever, in a general way, state what we consider as absolutely necessary .for our proposed building, which, at any rate, we hope to see in existence before long, whether or not the present opportunity be taken advantage of for the purpose. . The necessity for a lecture room is fortunately supplied by the permission to use the new Court-house for the purposes of public. meetings, and this succedaneum, we supposel is likely to be available for an indefinite length; of tinie. But the society's buildings should contain a library and reudiog room; the former of Which should be open, as at present, at stated times, but much more frequently if possible{ than now; the latter at all reasonable hours. The attractions of thedi. establishment, would be much enhanced by th, addition, if possible,.of coffee room, -where members arriving from out. lying localities might obtain refreshment without the necessity .of resorting to public-houses. This item may, perhaps, startle some of our readers, but we are by no means convinced that it would be necessarily attendled by muchtdifiii culty or -xpeyse. Ifweadd .-to the abo?tiht provision of slepingaeeoinniodationoor, say half a dozen lersonas, which' night be occasionally rejuired, we have mentioned all that weconiider:, esse'ntial g, a.good bbginniig in the .nitter. Such a m tas' i ery comminmaly expendes li ,Such ctii,,of a private residence, would -ti, fice ,foir to .o the&building; 'ce oontiempheu ,oid: nrow that theltiwin of Kiama -is comparativelys thickly inhabited, we apprehend that it wouil not be difficult to make arrangements with some reopeetable person, for the performance of what ever of adomestic character woold he required in the establishment. Be it far from us to insist on the develnpement of our own particular idea :I but it does cemnt to us desirable that some pro ject of this nature should be fairly trier, were it only asa set-off againstthe attractions held out by taverns and other places of not the nos; com mendable description. 