MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Ophth almodocicau — Is the mind's eye ever effected to tears 1— Fun. It is beauty's privilege to kill time time's privilege to kill beauty. Storms generally are a mystery, but you can alwnys soe the drift of a snow storm. An Ambitious barber advertises him self as a ''professor of Decomcapillatura tion and Depihvcrostation.' How does a cow become a landed estate? —By turning her into a field. Speculation. — A word tlint sometimes begins with its second letter. Wliat is good for determining a man's weight f — The balauce at his bauker's How would you express in one word having inet a doctor of medicine f— Met a-physician. j In what tone should a ghost speak ? — ? A tombstone.— fun What is it you must keep after giving it to another ?— Vour word. If you Lave great talents, industry will improve them ; if moderate abilities, in dustry will supply their deficiencies. Nothmg is denied to well-directed labor ; nothing is ever to be attained without. Ten persons have been poisoned at Ashby St. Ledgers, a village near llugby, through a woman at a farm making a pud ding after she had been assisting to - prepare a sheep ripping composition. The arsenic iu some way got mixed with the pudding. One man is dead, and all the others arc suffering. LoOKIKli IN ^HE WRONO BOX.— Mr. I Thomas Ogden, of Whiteehapel, having \ gone to Margate, went several successive ] mornings to the post- office to ask for letters. Inquiring for letters addressed to Thomas Hogdcu, the postmaster invari- : ably replied tliat there were none forliim. : But becoming at length quite impatient at these frequent disappointments, Sir. Ogdeu thrust liis head through the de livery window, and soon discovered tlie cause. ' You arc looking among tlie Haitchea, sir,' he said to the official with in ; ' you should look among the Hoes.' : A Convict at Tollon lately addressed a letter to the executioner at that place, re questing a loan of .'JO francs, which he engaged to repay by murdering a warder, thus affording the executioner an opportuni ty of being paid more than that sum by ; exercising lii's calling on him, die borrower. ; This singular missive did not reach its destination, being stopped at the prison ; post-office, but note was taken of the peti tioner, who trill be sent to Cayenne by the next convict vessel. In the last three years 590 proposals aud plans for the purposes of shot-proof ships have been scut in (o the Admiralty. Thcy wcre all referred' to the Controller of the Navy and tbe assistant officers of his de partment, and only 10.5 of them reached the further stage of being submitted to a com mittee or referee; 37 are still under con sideration. Famha- i-bidk.— It is related of the French family of the Duke dc Levisthnt they have a picture in their pedigree, in which Noah is represented going into the ark, and carrying under his ami o small trunk, on which is written, 'Papers be- ' longing to the Levis family.' 