A TRUE GHOST STORY. | DEDICATEE TO THE 8FIEITUALI8ta. [By Nonuan Maclcod, B.D.] A well-known Scotch artist, whose delineations of character delight his many frlendB, and who is almoBt as remarkable in his anecdotes as in his pictures, commences one of his stories by narrating how an old Scotch game-keeper once remarked to him in a slow, solemn voice, ' Co you knaw. Sir, that I myself have actilly knawn men, ay, and respectable men too, who did— not— believe — in ghaistsr' And he describes liow the old keeper, on being questioned ss to his own belief in ghosts, replied, with face averted, half in pity, half in sorrow for the questioner, but with, if possioie, aceper solemnity, 'i nowp i do ! I am not sure if the game-keeper standB alone in bis belief ; and I question whether, if the great ma jority of the ' upper ten thousand ' were asked regarding their faith as to apparitions, they would not agree with the lower ten thousand who arc assumed to be the only honest believers in occasional visits from the inhabitants of the mysterious ghoBt-land, Very possibly in brosd day-light, when driving in the psrk, or shopping, or visiting the Exhibition ; or, even when the candles are lighted, and when seated round the dinner-table ; or in the midst of the buzz and flutter of an evening party, the realities of the pal pable and prosaic world may act ae Buch opiates to the ideal faculty, and eo close the eyes and stop the ears of the inner eye which oan alone discern the Spirit-world, that all faith in its existence may be denied or ridiculed. Hut take any one of those per boob singly, especially the moBt thoughtful aud gifted ; let him or her remain in the large drawing room when it is emptied of its guests, with the lights extinguished, except one or two sufficiently bright to project ' Bhadows on the wall,' but not to illumine the darker receBBes of the room — when the fire burns low, and the cinders fall, and begin to crumble audibly among the ashes — when the midnight winds are creeping round the house, sighing at the windows, or breaking out into angry gusts which boom over the chimney-bead, and shake the huge trees on the lawn, forcing one to think of ships fighting with storms on misty coasts, or drenched wretches creeping over splashing moors— and then let the thoughts gradually elide into sad stoiics of human suffering, mingled with anecdotes, about presentiments, dreams, odd coincidences, unaccountable appearances, and the like ; and ever and anon let some strange sounds of wind and rain and chafing foliage be heard, with creaks in old timber, no one knowB where— 1 ask with confidence whether in such circumstances, at two in the morning, the sceptic will not profess more faith in ghosts than he or she would at two in the after noon? The fact cannot be denied by any one moderately acquainted with human opinions, that there is an almost universal belief in ghosts. Or, if that is a too broad and vulgar way of expressing the belief, let us lather say, a universal feeling verging on belief, if not Teaching it, that there are certainly ' more things in heaven and earth' than our daylight philosophy accepts of or can account for ; that there are revela tions from a world unseen by the carnal eye, unheard by the carnal eaT, which come to the seeing and bearing faculties of the spirit in certain stales of mind and body which are Blone susceptible of this inter course ; that these revelations assume divers forms, it may be of strange eights and sounds, vivid dreams, sudden and overpowering impressions, apparitions, ghosts, spirit- knockings, call them what you please — which compel the belief that the ghoBt-world with v liich we are unquestionably surrounded, impinges occasionally 011 the familiar, or on what we call the actual, just as strange and rare birds from another fsr off clime are sometimes driven by storms on our coasts. Ibis is a subject to which I have paid some atten tion. Without, as far as I csn discover, any prejudice to warp my judgment, or any want of suoh a careful and cautious induction as a detective might bestow in tracing out the facts of a crime, and weighing the evidence in the nicest balance, I have collected several unquestionable facts, in which I have no hesitation whatever in publicly acknowledging my belief. 1 am also firmly persuaded that their truth rests upon in comparably more satisfactory proofs than those stories cf spirit-rappings which are eo firmly believed in by eo many. I have listened patiently to the details of most remsikable phenomena connected with spirit zapping and table-turning, related to me by ladies and gentlemen ' moving in the best circles of eocietv,' snd by evangelical clergymen whose word no one would tiiink of doubting, and whose judgment no one, I presume, would once dare to call in ques tion. A clergyman, for example, whose literary abilities, sound sense, piety, btoadmindedness, and truthfulness are sufficiently guaranteed by the fact of bis being a frequent contributor to the pages of a leading 'Religious' newspaper, while assuming that any doubt as to the reality of spirit-rapping apparitions, witches, &c.;, indicated an infidel tendency, affirmed his belief that the devil was the real person who pulled all those strings. 1 took the bold step of questioning this, which I fear has shaken his faith in zny Christianity ; and I confessed to him frankly that X had such an opinion of Satan's intellect, and of the immense amount of work he evidently had to do in Trance, Italy, and America, not to speak of our own country, as made me doubt how far he had himself the time, or could spare even the weakest and most imbecile of his spirits to amuse respectable, well-to-do, idle ladies, to furnish arguments in favour of a ghost world to sceptics, to paralyse weak curates, or eveu to afford the best end most popular clergy illustra tions for their sermons. I also took the liberty of directing his attention to the following verse in the Prophecies of Isaiah, and which seemed new to him ' ' When they shall say unto you. Seek with them that have familiar spirits, and with wizards that peep and that matter : should mot a people seek unto their God ? for the living to the deed r (That is, sb I understand it, should the living, in reference to their affairs, consult the dead?) ' To the law and to the testimony : if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light In them-' Strange to say, this passage made my clerical friend only hold more finmy to the alleged facts and his devil-theory regarding them ; for he maintained that many men whom he knew to be a little more than sceptical regarding ' the law and the testimony ' of Scripture, and who ' staggered through unbelief ' in the miracles there recorded, nevertheless .nought information ' from the dead,' and had perfect faith in the truth of the revelations so obtained, thus proving the devil to be the real deceiver. Granting for the present the truth of the alleged facts of spirit-rapping and of table-turning ; yet, after bearing them, and comparing them with some of the mysteries 1 have myself collected, chiefly in the Highlands, connected with second sight and ghostly apparitions, and with other similar phenomena no ticed by me in some of the remoter valleys of the Harz and black Forest, I cannot possibly admit the one without admitting the other. Both seem to me to rest on such evidence as must compel them to stand or fall together. I have no wish whatever to bring any reader of Hood Ward!, who has ' made up his mind ' on those mysterious topics, to my way ef thinking. I shall acknowledge it as a sign of progress in free thought if I am permitted to hold my own views Writhout being condemned as a person devoid of all judgment or common sense. My excellent publishers are also willing to run all risks by permitting me to make the pages of this periodical a vehicle for disse minating more worthy views of the mysteries of our -spirit-life. But one fact is better than a thousand mere argu ments in discusBing such a question, and I shall therefore devote the rest of this' ptper to a narrative, ?which the reader may rest assured is strictly true, and then I shall leave him to judge for himself as to bow far such mysterious phenomena as it records can be accounted for. - A friend of mine, a medical man, was on a fishing expedition with an old college acquaintance, an army surgeon, whom he had not met for many years, from bis having been in India with his regiment. M'Do mald, foe army surgeon, was a thorough Highlander, and slightly tinged with what is celled the supersti tion of his countrymen, and at the time I speak of ?was liable to rather depressed spirits from an unsound liver. His native air was, however, rapidly renewing bis youth ; and when he and Ms old fhend paced along the banks of the fishing stream in a lonely part of Argyleshirs, and sent their lines like airy gossa mers over the pools, snd touched the water over a salmon's nose, to temptingly that the best principled and wisest fish could not resist the bite, M'Donald bad apparently regained all his buoyancy of spirit. They had been fishing together for about a week with great success, when M'Donald proposed to pay a visit to e family he was acquainted with, which would ?enarate him from his friend for some days. But, ?whenever he spoke of their intended separation^ he Bank down into hia old gloomy state, at one time declaring that he felt as if they were never to meet seam, My friend tried to rally him, but in vain. Tbey parted at the trouting stream, M'Donsld's route being across a mountain pass, with which, however, be had been well acquainted in his youth, though the xoad wes lonely and wild in the extreme. The doctor returned early in the evening to his resting-place, which was a shepherd's house lying on the very out skirts of. the ' settlements,' snd beside a foaming mountain stream. The shepherd's only attendants at the time were two herd lads, and three dogs. At tached to the hut, and communioating with it by a short passage, was rather s comfortable room whioh. ' the Laird ' had fitted up to serve as a sort of lodge for himself in the midst of his shooting-ground, and which he bad put foi a fortnight at the disposal of my triend. Shortly after sunset on the day I mention, the wind began to rise suddenly to a gale, the rain descended in torrents, and the night became extremely dark. The shepherd seemed uneasy, and several times went to the doer to inspect the weather. At last ho roused the feara of the dector for M'Hon&ld;'s eafety, by ex pressing the hope that by this time he was ' owre that awfu' black moes, and across the red burn.' Every traveller in the Highlands knows how rapidly these mountain streams rise, and how confusing the moor becomes in a dark night. ' The black moss and red bum' were words that were never after forgot by the doctor, from the strange feeling they produced when first heard that night : for there came into his mind terrible thoughts and forebodings about poor M'Donald, and reproaches for never having con sidered his possible danger in attempting auch s journey alone. In vain the shepherd assured him that he must have reached a place of eafety before the darknesB and the storm came on. A presentiment wMch he could not cast off made him so miserable that he could hardly refrain from tears. But nothing could he done to relieve the anxiety now become so painful. The doctcr at last retired to bed about midnight. For a long time he could not sleep. Tne raging of the etream below the small window, aud the thudt of the Btorm, made him feverish ami restless. But at last he fell into a Bound and dreamless sleep. Out of this, however, he was suddenly roused by a peculiar noise in his room, not very loud, but utterlv inde scribable. He heard tap, tap, tap, at the window ; and he knew, from the relation which the wall of the room bore to the rock, that the glass could not be touched by human hand. After listening for a mo ment, and forcing himself to smile at his nervousness, he turned round, and began again to seek repose. But now a noise began, too distinct and loud to make Bleep poBBible. _ Starting and sitting up in bed, he beard repeated in rapid succession, as if some one was spitting in anger, and close to his bed, — ' Fit ! fit ! fit!' and then a prolonged 'whir- r-r-r' from an other part of the room, while every chair began to move, and the table to jerk. The doctor remained in breathlesa silence, with every faculty intensely acute. He frankly confessed that be heard hia heart beating, for the sound was so unearthly, bo horrible, and some thing seemed to come so near him, that he began seriously to consider whether or net he had some attack of fever which affected his brain— for remember he had not tasted a drop of the shepherd's small store of whisky! He felt his own pulse, composed his spirits, and compelled himself to exercise calm judg ment. Straining hia eyes to discover anything, he plainly saw at last a white object moving, but without sound, before him. lie knew that the door was shut, and the window also. An overpowering conviction then seized him, which he could not resist, that his friend M'Donald was dead ! By an effort he seized a lucifer-box on a chair beside him, and struck a light. No white object could be seen, The room appeared to be as when he went to bed. The door was shut. He looked at his watch, and particularly marked that the hour was twenty. two minutes past three. But the match was hardly extinguished when, louder than ever, the Bame unearthly cry of ' Fit ! fit ! fit ! ' was heard, followed by the same horrible whir-r-r-r, which made his teeth chatter with terrible rapidity. Then the movement of the table and every chair in the room was resumed with increased violence, while the tapping on the window was heard above the storm. There was no bell in the room, but the doctor, on hearing all this frightful confusion of sounds again repeated, and beholding the white abject moving towards him in terrible silence, .began to thump the wooden partition, and to shout at the top of his voice for the shepherd, and having done so, he dived his head under the blankets. The shepherd soon made his appearance, in his nightshirt, with a small oil-lamp, or ' crusey,' over his head, anxiously inquiring as he entered the room, — ' What is't, doctor ? What's wrang ? Pity me. are ye ill?' ' Very ! ' cried the doctor. But, before he could give any explanations, a louder whir-r-r was heard, with the old cry of 'Fit!' close to the shepherd, while two chairs fell at his feet ! The shepherd sprang back, with a half scream of terror ; the lamp was dashed to the ground, and the door violently shut. ' Come back ! ' shouted the doctor. ' Coma back, Duncan, instantly, I command you ! ' The shepherd opened the door very partiaUy, and eaid, in terrified accents, — ' Gude be aboot as, that was awfu' ! What is't ? ' ' Heaven knows, Duncan,' ejaculated the doctor, with agitated voice ; ' but do pick up the lamp, and I shall strike a light.' Duncan did so in no smaU fear ; but, as he made his way to the bed in the darkness, to get a match from the doctor, something caught his foot ; he fell ; and then, amidst the same noises and tumults of chairs, which immediately filled the apartment, the ' Fit ! fit ! fit ! fit ! ' was prolonged with more vehemence than ever ! The doctor sprang up, and made Ins way out of the room, but was several times tripped, by some unknown power, so that he had the greatest difficulty in reaching the door without a fall. He was followed by Duncan, and both rushed out of the room, shutting the door after them. A new light baring been obtained, they both returned with ex treme caution, and, it must be added, fear, in the hope of finding some cause or other for all those terri fying signs. Would it surprise our readers to hear that they searched the room in vain? — that, after minutely examining under the table, chairs, bed, everywhere, and with the door shut, not a trace could be found of anything ? Would they believe that they heard, during the day, how poor M'Donald had stag gered, half dead from fatigue, into his friend's house, and felling into a fit, had died at twenty-two minutes past three that morning ? We do not ask any one to accept of all this as true. But we pledge our honour to the following facts : — The doctor, after the day's fishing was over, had packed Ms rod se as to take it into his bed-room ; but he had left a minnow attached to the hook. A white cat who was left in the room swallowed the minnow, snd was hooked. The unfortunate gour mand had vehemently protested against this intrusion into her upper lip by the violent ' Fit ! fit ! fit i ' with wMch she tried to spit the hook out ; the reel added the mysterious whir-r-r-r ; snd the disengaged line, getting entangled in the legs of the chairs snd table, as the hooked cat attempted to fly from her tormentor, set the furniture in motion, and tripped up both the shepherd Snd the doctor ; while an ivy branch kept tapping at the window ! Will any one doubt the existence of ghosts and a spirit- world after this? I have only to add, that the doctor's skill was em nloyed during the night in cutting the hook out of the cat's lip, while his poor patient, yet moat impa tient, was held by the shepherd in a bag, the head alone of puss, with hook and minnow, being visible. M'Donald made his appearance in a day or two, rejoicing once more to see his friend, and greatly enjoying the ghost story. As the doctor finished the history of his night's honors, he could not help laying down a proposition very dogmatically to his half superstitious friends, and as some amends for his own tenor. ' Depend upon it,' said he, ' if we could thoroughly examine into all the stories of ghosts and apparitions, spirit-rapping, el hoe ' genu* omne, they would turn out to be every bit as true as my own visit from the world of Epirits'; that is— great humbug and nonsense.' We leave this heterodox sentiment with confidence in the hands of the illustrieus dead, who spend so much time in disturbing furniture without even the apology of a hook and minnow. We have no doubt that Milton, Dante, Bhakspere, or probably Newton or Bacon, if properly invited, will cheerfully come as guests to any tea party of true believers in London or Boston, to contradict, in the most authoritative man ner, the doctor's profane scepticism. We shall be glad to hear the views of those distinguished men, who, it is alleged, though dead yet speak ; and we shall be proud to add them to our staff, and to number them among the contributors to Good Word*. We despair of the cat. She has been silent ever since her great debut into spirit-land. Her lips, though healed, are sealed.— Good Word*. An Ugly Excuse.— A juror's name was 'called by the clerk. The man advanced to the judge's desk and said, 'Judge, I should like to be excused.' 'It is impossible, eaid the judge, decidedly. ' But, judge, if you knew my reasons.' 'Well, sir, what are tbey?' 'Why, the fact is,' and the man paused. ' well, sir, proceed,' continued the judge. ' Well, judge, if I must say It— I have the itch.' The judge, who is a very sober man, solemnly and impressively exclaimed, ' Clerk, scratch that man out.' ' — A merioon paper. 