PASTORAL ADDRESS OFTHK WOMAN CATHOLIC ARCHMSHOP AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA. We extract the following from a pastoral address emanating from the above authorities to the Roman Catholic Churches of Australia:— 'One subject about which we are most anxious uiiii jou Miimiii t* rigntiy iiiiormed ami steadfast, in your Catholic principles is that of the public education of your children, and especially of iho children of the poor. It is evident that iatvni]-t* are being made to wrest from us our lilierty of con science m this matter, lo curtail the freedom iu which we have lieen able to train our children in secular learning, iiuickciied by Catholic faith, and guarded by I'm holje discipline, in order to submit them to the fetters of what is called national education. This is a manifest misnomer. The so-called national education, or Hoard nf General hducation, is, in truth, sectarian, for it in jit variance with the religious feelings of Catholics —that is, a large body of the population, omul to one- fourth or even one-thiid of the i\atjiui (if wd may use the term); and it is si pirocruting fw tariaiiisiu, since it would compel ( Wtholia; lo accept a system vitally defective1, h,qvvt!ver accepted liy non-Catholics, who have, nf count*, nntliei fear, nor sense of such deficiency. Catholics da noi believe that the education of a child is like a tliimr of mechanism that can be put together bit by bit now a morsel of instruction mi idigion, and then of instruction in secular learning- neparate panels with as little rcci|-rocal action us have two books on the shelves of a library. We hold that subject^ taught,' the teacher ami his faith, thu rule end prat-U.-es of tlie bdiool day, all combine to produce, the result which wo Catholics consider to !mj edu cation, and that this desirable result cannot liu looked for without such combined action. Tho system to which we have adverted seciu'* to con-, imler the child as a receiving machine ami thu teacher as an imparting machine, and that hero their relations end. It is not so; thu humtiii being teaching will, by reason of hit rclijiious faith and other qualities, inllucnce the human being taught. The day with its work and devotions, arranged on a plan consistent throughout with our faith, will mould one form of character, thu day not so arranged will produce quiiu another, literals in the system we tk- precatt: no unity, nc» consistency. It is not only defective; it in corrupt ing and dissipating and therefore, for rea.-oiy' obvious to every wcilinfirmed Catholic, wo niuta have for our children Catholic schools, Catholic teachers, and, oh fast as we can hiipjdy them. Catholic hooks. Do not be seduced' out of thin determination by promises of superior learning for your children. The promises are vain; our own schools can and .shall supply all that CathoMv children could obtain cisu'vv.'turc. Make your ilc terminatinn known, see that your representa tives in Parliament are dulv impressed with it, and choose only those who wjtl respect your religious rights siml liberties in thU must vital point He not influenced by plausible statements »ml appeals to a falao lilierality. Catholics must secure for their children, above all thingB. a religious education, aud in a matter nf no much importance thyy must not risk hazardous experi ments. Their children may and must in nchoul I rcathe a Catholic atmosphere. It would bo as wise to take away one of the constituent ulenientn of common air, and think to maintain the health and vigour of human beings living in that un natural medium by restoring aiturwurds the with drawn clement*, us tu nmko up a Catholic educa tion for children by adding at one timu the rclisiuii which has been scrupulously banished at nnotlier. If you grow u flower in cold and darkness one half the day, no arbitrary amount of light and heat afterwards will uroducc a plant of thu vigour and beauty proper to its kind. , 'The Divorce Hill, which has, unhappily, passed into law hi some of the colonies, and vvhicb Iiiih been so odiously preiwl upon the Legislatum 'of the* other colonies during the present suswoii. lias naturally drawn our aUeiHiuii afri'sh to Uioeviln of mixed marriage!). This isiwwyu will*, you will observe, materially to those evils, inasmuch ai it allowH. by human law, a separation which the Catholic liehevca is not allowable by the 'Diving law, and m exposes the - Hitholic party to lw lefU bound as long ;ts the non-Catholic parly, who mav chouse to form other tictt, sluill live. Let tin's ud-led mischief, dearly beloved, prevail upon yoji to renew your aversion and w.itolifulnejs against mixed Marriages. You know how the Cimrcij, treats them, liow she tolerates them only as, an inevitable evil, how she Htamlfi by at such a marriage sail, and as if mourning. No holy, all grace procuring mass celebrated ;, no,' sole mi nuptial blessing, with uplifted' hands, pronounced by the priest of Uod. Jt cannot bo that young people, properly trained in atlevtionate allegiance to Holy Church, duly estimating the graces of which she in the channel, should so lightly permit their thought? to rest on the be ginning of attachments that must end in a dreary pnupect at best. Let tho obstacle of a dillerwit religion he frankly pronounced by parents au insurmountable one, and the young, accustomed' all their lives so to consider it, and see it ho con sidered, are in no danger of allowing tkemselvek to be entangled. It is the indeciniiyt and world linesB of parents that create for their children, danger, and ho we entreat jou to coutciutiUio again the nullity of all onrlhly 'position and advantages as a compensation for llie certain evils of mixed inarriagejl At the Lest, what must be the result.' Husband ami wife divided on tlie moat important, the most in fluential, and pervading of all subject*! Nq mutual aid, no common syinpatlieK in religon-^ religion tliat girus dignity and safely to tlvcir. union. As Catholics, you lielieve the warr'ugu state to be a vocation, having its special trials, dangers, hopes, anil, to meet . the.w, iu special graces,- and you know it is iiile to talk about each party worxhipiug liod undisturbed, accordi-into his or her conscience. And of the' children of guch marriages what can we say, even where' the Catholic conditions arc fatlliluliy— as they so frequently ' are not— kept! What can you, in ordinary prudence, expect tliein to Ickrn to lie! At the liest, porliaiw, indiffcient: born and practically bred in that subtlest of the modern forms of infidelity- tho notion that an essence of all religion* can be extracted and seemed, in abstraction from all positive belief, from all sacrament, within tho receuea of a man's own breast. Dare you do this I \\\ ill your children dare to do it, if you think, and teach them to think of it, as thu danger of inditfe rencc- of practical infidelity, ought to he thought of ! \\\ hat ia it to Uiiupt the goodness of Cod if this lw not it! We do hope, dearly beloved,' that thoughtlessness about consequences, more th»n unfaithfulness and reckless woridlmesu, is the cause -i{ so. many of these deplorable marriages. We must speak strongly because we fear greatly ? wp can no longer maintain even an apparent silence in the presence of a growing evil; wedsre not see Catholics, were it to gain the whole world, divest themfelvej, as married people, of great safeguards against the los* of their own and children's souls. May you, dearly helftved, kiv theie things to heart, ami may the Holy .Spirft, enlighten and strengthen yoa. ' The blearing of Uod, theFather, tho Son, Ami Holy Ghost, lie with you now and for ever. ' i John Beih; Archbishop of Sydney. ' t GODEBT WtuiAH. Huhop of Holmrt Town. **t James Aupiu.s, liishop of Melbourne. ' t J.vME-l, Hbiliop of lirisliane. 'Given at Melbourne, Feast of AH Snlnts, 1M2.'' _____________„ ig5'SALE of First-class Horse Stock. — Horse- breeders, Farmers, anijotbers are reminded that the Sale by Messrs. tJreen. l'arr, & Luxmoore of Messrs. Evcrards' valuable Draught and Harries* Marcs, -.Vc, will take place thifj day at Ashforil, Bay-road. -jg* Messrs. ToTvnsend, Bottiug, & Kay request the attention of Timber Merchants, Builders, and Contractors to their Sale, at the Port, this day, of a shipment of Baltic Deals and Battens, ex Parisian. 