EDWARD IRVING.* {From the JP.mei.) MAD Edward Irving been a Roman Catbolii prie t he would have been canonised amongs the greatest of saints. Being a Protestant am Presbylerian he was turned out of his church he was treated as a madman, and he died at outcast heretic. There was no harm in th< man, and what errors bo entertained or extra, vsgances ho allowed in connection, with sup. posed miraculous gifts were certain in dm time to burn themselves ou*. Hts heresies, if here< aies they were, would scarcely be regarded DE such in the Church of England. They were simply, an assertion of something ' like bab. tismal regeneration, a belief ia the second advent, a declaration that Christ ' died for all meo, not a few, and that his human nature, though perfectly sinless, was yet not free from " peccability." These views, which were little in accordance with the doctrines of extreme Calvinists, he put forth with amazing ardour, kindling a great conflagration which unsettled many minds, and gave to religion on enthusiasm that ill-befitted a mechanical and sober-suited age. It was hot so much the error of his doctriae, as the peculiarity of his manner, tho tor- rent of his eloquence, bis superlative want of toot, that provoked his enemies, and frightened bis friends. He was said,to be, impracticable, but there never was a man' more open to the in» fluence of other minds, and under good guid- ance ho would never have gone astray.. Ho lived beloved by all who know him ; he died lamented even by those who deprived him of his ¡[church and deposed him from his office; and we v. ho road these memoirs must own. to the nobility of his character, the grandeur of his aims, and the extent of his powers. His friend Carlyle boars this testimony to his worth : "But for Irving I had never known what tho communion of man with man means;'his was the freest, brothcrlicst, bravest human : soul mine ever carno in contaot with. I call him, on the whole, the best man I have ever, after trial enough, found in this world, or hopo'to find." A character such as this is deserving of study, and his life ought to be written. Mrs. Oliphant, who has already won some fame as a novelist; has undertaken the work and has pro- duced a biography of considerable meiit. It is too long, in passages too wordy, and many of the letters and other documents might well be omitted. But the author fully understands her hero, and sets forth the inoidents ot his career with the skill of a practised hand. She writes well, and if we sometimes object to high flights and unrestrained emotion it may at least be admitted that these ' feminine bursts are not inappropriate to the subject. The book is a good-book on-a most interesting ? theme, and deserves something more than a cursory glance. Irving was born in Annan tn 1702. There is little to be noted in ' his early life, save that his bosom friends were ; Clapperton, , the African traveller, and Carlyle, who has identified his name with Chelsea. It is curious that out of Annandale should spring twosuoh men'as Car- lyle and Irving, so different and yet so similar. They are similar especially in this, that they are specimens of the perfervid Boot, and that the style of each diverges from the current uaago into peculiarities which, for want of a better term, we must call affectations, though it seems absurd to call thatBtyle affected which abounds in eloquent; force. Irving was in no way dis- tinguished as a youth, save for. his physical strength. He was a noor scholar, but he was a wondrous leaper, swimmer, climber, walker, rawer. We see him as a boy paying visits to h'.a uncios miles off, and leaping all the gates on the way. When still a boy of 13 fte wont to the Edinburgh University. Ho made no figure there, but at the end of a few years he" had qualified himself to '.become the teacher of a parish achoo'. It was his ambition to be- come a preacher, and through his school he was enabled to maintain himself during the long years whioh the Kirk requires that her minis< tera should study divinity. He first Bet up as a teacher in Haddington, where for one of hi] pupils he had a little girl who in the course ol time became the wifo of his friend- Carlyle; afterwards he had a school in Kirkcaldy, where he had among his pupils the girl who in due time became his own wile. While he was still in teaching he became a lioentiato ol tho Kirk, and began to preach. His sermons were not liked. He was a most unpopular preacher, and bad to wait long before he was rooog . The lift of 'Edward Irving, memhtr of the National Scotch Church, London ; illustrated by btu journals and eorrsspondenoe. By lira, Oliphant; 8 Vols, JGondon, Hurst and Blaobett. n¡8úd. jîtlasf Dr. Oliiini - V 'JWN "ini; tOofc liking (o him, Bud asked h\va io bèc.%m? his.ii eietant in Glasgow. Even' there bia r^ÇueD' was not relished, and oftoo BB he enter.13" " church to otfioiate as minister of the day fat? .'ir the mortification to see crowds quitting it bi cause " himsel"-that is, Chalmers himself-"tra not on duty. Though his preaching . was ZK admired, his personal character was held ii great esteem, and by force of personal intel course he drew many to the- church who woul otherwise have never entered it. In one case h 'managed to inveigle a cobb'er who-professe: infidelity by talking to him about leather Irving's father was a tanner,"and his acquaintanc with leather was of old standing. " What ! di ye ken about leather ?" was the first word fron the cobbler that indicated a breach in his im pregnable disdain of the clergy! As the dis course advanced the shoemaker exolainied, " Od you're a decent kind of fellow ! 'Do you preach ?' Finally he waB induced to go to church; and ht defended himself for so doing by pronouncing this opinion on Irving ;-.*' He's a sensible man yon; he kens about leather." . ? Irving removed to London in the year 1822 being then thirty years of age. He came ai ¿be invitation of the Caledonian Chapel ir Hattongarden, where a small sprinkling b Scotch assembled together. Before he was « year in the metropolis, he «vb.o had been so unpopular in Scotland became all the rage, Chalmers had dosoribcd bis sermons as like Italian music, fit only for a select audience, Irving came to London full of expectations, Shortly before starting he took a walk with a friend, and in the course of it leapt a gate in the style of his more youthful days. "Dear me, Irving," said his friend, " I did not think you had been so agile." Irring turned upon him immediately :-" Once I read yon an essay ol mine, and you said, ' Dear me, Irving, I did not think you had been so classical ;' another time you heard me preach-« Dear me. Irving, T did not know you had so much imagination.' Now you shall see what great things I will do yet." That he made no name for himself till ho left his native country ? is remarkable, if we take it in connection with the advice which he subsequently gave to a Scottish clergy, man. "Tell him from me it is a great advantage to1 be out of ;' Scotland for a while. < Knox and Melville and almost all the reformers were so," One thing he felt most strongly-the' barrenness of Scotch theology. As he was . leaving Scotland be said to his friends, " You are content to go baokward and forward on the same route, like this boat,'-a boat whioh,, was ferrying the party across the Gair-loch,-" but, as for me, I hope yet to go deep into the ocean of truth." Irving's London reputation, was made by Canning. A little knot of Scotch hearers crow- ded round him when he first came south-David Wilkie, Allan ' Cunningham, and ¡others. Among those who should come but Sir James Mackintosh, .. and .. he, ever gene- rous in his literary verdicts, was delighted. Especially was he delighted with one phrase whioh Irving let fall, when he spoke of orphans cast upon " the fatherhood of God." One night in the House of Commons he reported the phrase to Canning. The latter was anxious to hear the tartan, and both ho and Mackintosh weut the following Sunday to the Caledonian Chapel. A few nights afterwards, ' from the Treasury Bench, Canning had'to rise and to make some remarks on clerical affairs. In the course of bis speooh he referred to the sermon which he heard from Irving's lips as the most eloquent that he bad ever listened to. That speech was the making of Irving. All the fashion of London flocked to him. His chapel was crowded to oveiflowing. His powers grew as encouragement increased, and he rose into notoriety as the greatest pulpit orator, of the day« ? He himself ascribed his success to a- very simple cause. Other preachers, he said, " pre- pare for teaching gipsies, for teachirg bargemen, for teaching miners, by. apprehending their.way. of conceiving and estimatiug truth;' and why not prepare for teaching imaginative men, and political mon, and legsl men, and scientific, men, .who bear the world in hand ??' Other preachers seemed to take in all its literalness tho'state- ment that' the Gospel is foolishness, and they addressed themselves, if not to foots, at least to stupid people ;' he, taking the Gospel for the wisdom of. God, deemed it capable of interesting an educated' audience, and he ad- dressed himself to the foremost intellects of his timo. His stylo he had built upon Hocker, Jeremy Taylor, and Milton ; and if in selecting that style he seems to exhibit soma affectation, not a"little vanity and love of effect, wo aie forced also to admit that naver was man. moro sincere and absorbed in h's work than be. It was peculiar to bis style that whenever ho en- tered a house ho said aloud, "Peace bo unto this house"-that when ho encountered chil- dren he would lay his hands upon their heads and prononnce the benediction, " the Lord bless '. thoo and . keep thee"-that. when ; ho was opposed as a heretic by one of his brother ministers, he began his reply with tho query, " Who art thou, O man, that .smitcst me with thy tongue ?" and that-when he was blamed for tho delusions of Miss Hal), he exclaimed in .the church court-" Sho is one of tho lambs of my flock; she is carried ic ray bosom. Oh, she is one of tho lambs of'my flock ;! and shall I bring ono of the Iambs of my flock, who may have been deluded and lo l' astray, before a public court? Never, nevor, while I have a pastor's heart I* The strength of his faith was wonderful. Once, when he waa called. to the bedside of a dying mun Into at night, he went forth at. once. Presently he returned, and beckoned one of his friends to accompany him. The reason was that he really believed ia the efficacy of prayer, nod held: to the promise-*' If two of you shall agree oh earth as touching any- thing that yo shall ask, it shall be done.". It was necessary, ihereiore, that two should go to the sick man. 80, also, he had a child, that died in infancy, to whom he was in the habit of addressing " words of godliness, to nourish the faith that was in him," and Irving adds that " the patient heed of the child was wonderful." Ho really believed that the infant, by some incomprehensible process, could grasp what ho waa saying, and profit by it. His lovo for children was very groat, and he, the most popatar maa in London at thal time, might be seen day by day marohing along thc Fentonvilio streets of an afternoon, his wife by his side and hiß baby in his arms. Tho excitomcnt which Irving created' in London hold the throngs together for hours. Thoy wore first assembled for hours before he mado his appearance, and then they listened to bis lofty discourso for hours more. His sermon for the London Missionary. Society was titree hours long, and ho had to take rest twico in the middle of it,' asking tho congrega- tion each time to sing a hymn. " I undertook to opon Irving's new church in London," says Dr. Chalmers. ! .» The congregation, ro'their eagerness-to oh'ain'sea's, lind i already been assembled three hours. Irving > said be wou!, assist me by reading a chapter for mc. Hf chose the longest in the Bible, and, went on f r an hour and a half. ' On anotHBr occasion he .offered me the same aid, adding, 'I oan be short.' 'I ¿aid, 'How long will it tike you?" «Only an hour and forty minutes.'« Still Irviog drew tbs crowds. -When he went through his native district of Annandale the churches were too email to contain the crowds that gathered to MB feel. He preached in the ope-n air ; all the churches around were closed in honour of the event, and pastor and people trudged together to hear this mighty Boanerges, whose voice could be heard half a mile off, and whose sentences contd be followed at the dis i tance of a quarter of a mile. At Edinburgh, I when he preached during the General Assembly a course' of twelve'lectures on ' the Apocalypse, the hour of his appointment was six in the I morning, and fashionable crowds tossed out of bed at fi ve, in tbe Hay mornings to hear hiB mar vellous oratory. His orations wore not only good to hoàr, they are also good to' read.-''- They ' contain "same of the noblest passages of eloquence ' that aro to' ba . found: in " tho whole 'range'of this species of literature. These sermons, by the way, had 'a : large sale, going through many editions. But Irving complains that, in ¡spite of theso large sales, he could never get the reli- gious publishers to whom bo had'intrusted his book to give him anything' but a pitiful return. It is amusing to find him in one letter complain- ing that there is neither grace nor honour in the religious booksellers, and requesting his wife in negotiating the sale of his nest venture to " try Blackwood or soraé of these wordlings," in the evident expectation that. " these worldings" were à good deal more liberal in their dealings, not to say honesty than those whom he regarded as his peculiar friends. Irving's fame had a sad end, and his full Ss chiefly attributed to the intimacy of his rela- tions with . the eccentric. Honry Drummond. Lotus fbi'a moment rush to that end,' and seo him engaged in worship, with his apostles and prophets around him. Among theso is Henry Drummond, one of the most astute men going, the wealthy banker; tho witty member for Par- liament. Irving in bis loftiest style preaches of righteousness and reconciliation. In the course of his high argument he is interrupted again and again by hearers who are moved b; the spirit to utter their thoughts. Drummond, several times interrupts ; bim 1 with these- utterances, of which the following iá^á sample:-'«Ah, be yo warned, be yo warnedT" Ye '.haye been warned. The Lord hath prepared' for you a table, but it is a table in the presence of your enemies. Ah, look ye well to it ! / The city shall be builded ah 1 every jot, every piece of the edifice. Be faithful each under his load-each under his load ; but see that he build with one hand, and with a weapon in the other. Look to it--look to it. Ye have been warned. Ah 1 Sanballat, Sanballat, Sanballat ; the Horonito, the Moabite, the Ammonite I Ah t confederate, confederate, confederate with the Horonite; Ah ! look yo to it, look ye to it!" Imagine this rant uttered by the member . for Surrey, who'could tell as he told the story of the little pig that squeaked bocanse.it could not get a teat. It.waa by-slow and very gradual steps that Irving resohod this descent. , Wo havo._ econ that on leaving Scotland he lamented the barrenness of, theology, and promised to launch his batk on the ocean of truth. He did launch it. A friend got his ear and incited him to tho study of unful- filled prophecy. That roused his fancy and gavo him a taste for novelty. Ho preached the speody coming of Christ in the clouds to - judge the world. Ho mingled this with other doctrines as to tho nature of the incarnation and as to the extont bf the redemption, which j were not palatable to the old, rigid Culvonists. Fio ally, as he has been led to look for tho ma- nifestation of Christ, so also he began to look for tho coming of tho Holy Ghost. Hit assist- ant, Mr. A. J. Scott,' was at. this timo eames ly inquiring into .the pro'.ilfctu which tho Catholic ; Church-has again and again asked itself, ar.d ? has never fully answered--" Why are ibero now no miracles? Why is there now wanting the power of the Holy Ghost) which in the firs» ages of the Church .was abundantly mnnifesl? " Scott urgod the inquiry with the I :gtc«l force and power of 8'atemont. for whioh he is celebrated, and, Irving listened, to his assistant with the most anxious attention. But what was in Scott's mind only a doubt and inquiry strew in Irving's mind Mn to", a rc sui', and a decision. " No," he said, " tho. nge of miracles is not past ; the baptism of the Holy Ghost is still upon us ; the gilt of tongues ' has not passod away." And ab he encouraged all tho non- j sonso and excess of foolish men sad hysterical women, who pretended to speak under tho burden of tho Lord, and to heal the sick by the laying on ofhands. First, thc.Presbytery took ¡him to' : task ; hp .resistod their, jinisdic ; tton, and in this he was supported by bis con probation. . Then 'bis congregation grow tired and complained to tho Presbytery, and both together expo led him from his Church. Next, the Presbytery tha*. or Jain cd him deposed him from his oflico." Frier.di remonsirated, and when their remonstrances were of no avail bogau to fall', off. Irving fjund himself hurled from the pinnacle of fame into-ohsourity and con- tempt» Ho was driven frjm tho Churoh'ofhis fathers and forsaken by his'friends. Tho ttput heart folt the stroke,, arid all tho more so. that ,ono ..'.of*, its -' strongest imptilscBd was thia lovo < of ' approbation. Ho did his best ; to' bear up against the 'load of troubla ¿rid tho Éo'iso, Jof ''reproach.''; hut health and atroDEth' cavé way. .Disappointment never soured his|tempcr, nor ruffled his spirit with ony unkind thoughts ; but it surely undermined his power/. Ho . went on his'way praying, prcachincr, trusting in his Odd, never for one moment faltering in his faith. Notwithstanding his senso . of . failure, thero was a sublimo calm and content about him-an invincible " trust in tho Lord." His death came to all as a sudden blow. His last words were, "If I dip, I die unto the Lord« Amen." And, hoaring of his death, all who had sternly roiistod him boforo, sought to remember only those words, and to bury in his grave nil memory of what was erratic in his brief but brilliant oareer. Ho died at tho early age of 48. , A MntAaa IN FIUTJOE.-A singular atmospberio phe- nomenon wis observed nssr Yvetot (Solne-InfPrieure) three evenings sin JP, about six o'oloolr, by several per- sons who were walkin; elong tba Havro roadi Tha sly was covered with dark doods, and gustB of wind with' oocaslonsl flsshea of ? lightning In tho west seemed to portend a storm. All at onoe a strange appesranoo pie ssnted itself ia the south-west borlEon. The olouds' seemed to form an inclined plsne sloping down to the shores of a like, the blue waters of which were rippled by a gentle bréese. The lake seemed to bo surrounded by trees of unequal height, iud the whole back ground of the ploture presented the aspect ot a vast amphi- theatre. This mirage remained vlsiblo till lost In tho darkness of night. 