SPIRIT OF THE PUBLIC PRESS, . THE FATE OF INCONSISTE\Cf, (From, the Weekly CitpatcJt.) A writer for the late Morning Chronicle, proving his debt under the bankruptcy of Mr Stiff, boasts of the versatility of hi* talent. ' He had been employed,'' according to the iv-j-ort, ' in writing editorial articles f -r other papers, no (natter their politics. He could write on any subject.' Ko doubt, as well as upon any tide. I Here U the true history of a defunct paper ? a ? journal with the soul gone out of it. It is quite true that an advocate may throw his histrionic passion into either side, regarding only the con science of bis foe ;'and, by making the ben that may be made of the very worst cau«e, he may prevent too severe an application of justice from becoming injustice. He has his office in the world. A large-minded and experienced man will soon detect the flaws in every course of policy and every individual act. It will be seldom that he can award unmixed praise or blame. This will moderate his tone of writing or of conversation, while his very reticene will give irresistible weight to his applause or censure when he can bestow either without qualification. But when thit- experience is applied in politics to the mere service of a party, to the upholding \--f the foregone conclusions of a journal, it is not only morally despicable, it is commercially worthless. The convictions of the writer must provoke those of the reader. The intense desire I to make right prevail is the spirit of all journal istic eloquence. If it is not, then the effort produces sleep or impatience as surely as an or dinary sermon. People do not buy their news paper to exercise themselves in penances nnd trials of patience. The 'words, words, words' whicli fctuft the coluraue only convert the journal into waste paper. A person who ' writes articles for papers, no matter their politics,' nukes just as interesting an exhibition as an automaton in a f uppet'fchow. At the best, he only caricatures humanity, to the laughter of the looker-on ; in general he apes it so poorly as to be Eiuiply unpleasant and below attention. It is, we tliiuk, well to notice 3uch a matter in tliia tr.inntionnl state of the press. The Morning Chronicle died, we believe, on a penny a day. It was an effort in the art of ciie.\p living. It did not give up tlie ghost merely I because it was low priced journal — for other I low-price journals enduie, — but because it took up with a count'-ifrit ami adul terated instead of the natural nnd wholesome food. (Ve should like to have peon the face of a Perry, when the Chronicle teat the Chronicle, at j fuch an avowal on the part of a contributor. The ehopped-straw of mi articlt- writer who had ' no opinions, or, if he had, was quite content to sacrifice them by his own hand and pen, would net feed the lowest animal that coututiies news papers. There may be error, ignorance, violence, vulgarity, and they will even find their admirers, but their must be iuteut and conscience. The dummy manufacture nay have done good service in many shops whose proprietors Are blessed with l-nl small capital— for Hie ehams ii^ver descend from the shelves ; but it will not servo in journalism, becausn every nrticle U purchased with the rest, and, if it appears unworthy of further examination, detracts from the whole bargain. 