~ GAYNDAH GOSSIP. [by a mas about town.T My last week's gosssp was short, and perhaps rather uninteresting, but it was unkind of you to omit it, as thert were one or two ' touches which will be rather stale now. It is difficult at present to scrape up anything in tbe way of news in this part, unless one goes in for sporting transactions. But for tbe sake^ of your Burnett readers, I will epitomise what is worthy of notice in these matters. In the first place then, the advent of Huntsman has quite created a panic among certain parties, who would, I verily believe, as soon have seen old N- -- or the 'Ghost of Ban Ban' himself, as he. There is, I assure you, quite a cabal being formed among owners and backers of favourite horses, to prevent Huntsman from running, and unfortunately for him, a postal accident favours their illiberal cause ; for it has come out that owing to the Rockhampton post man not getting to Banana in time, the letter enclosing entrance fee, &c.;, was detained a whole week at that place, and therefore was not received at Gayndah till after the entrances had closed. Let us hope though that our great men will retire from the illiberal, ungentle manly position they have assumed. The horse Trumpeter has come in from Burrandowan, and parties are hourly arriving. There will be a gathering upon a rather grand scale I can assure you. It was my intention to have got up a special report of the races for you, bnt seeing tbat the publication of our gloriously ' boBsy ' paper has been deferred till Saturday, you will get an authorised version by that means ' free gratis for nothing.' You wiU sco pur,. H. I'.. Party mouthpiece has been stuck up .sit the' gate/' and may be expected to exhibit himself and his patrons to their mutual satisfaction. Mr. John Ross of Cracow, Leichhardt, has broken his leg. I have been unable to ascertain the particulars of the accident. Mr. Jones, Engineer of Roads, was thrown from his horse a few days ago, and got rather severely shaken. 1 can't close this without troubling you with an extract from the leading article in our last paper, which shows that out "commercial men" can be sold just as easily as some of them have before now been bought:— "By the last Bris bane steamer information was received that a very considerable rise had taken place in tobacco, and a certain individual hearing of this made all haste to Gayndah, and purchased immediately on arrival the whole of the tobacco that was to be procured in the township at a cost that was general previous to the arrival of the information conceding the rise that had taken place. As a matter of course, the busi ness men of the town who had been tempted to dispose of the article named, were rather sore about the matter, but were without any means of redress, the sale tbat had been made was a bona fide one in every sense of the word." — But tbe beauty of the idea is that this howl is given to show the necessity of the telegraph being ex tended to our town ; as if a telegram could not be made just as useful among a lot of muffs, as can the 'cute mailman. I heard of this tobacco business last week, but treated the re port as a joke, believing Siat one at least of our storekeepers, would not have given any vulgar ; rascal the chanco to demonstrate that in some ! cases J.P. stands for ? . The electric telegraph wo most surely want, just as certain parties undoubtedly -pant brains. The money will not be obtainable out of the current revenue, I can pretty clearly see, though with his usual 'cuteness, our Editor thinks it might, but by what means he doesn't explain. The money must and ought to be borrowed and the telegraph commenced at once; — that is the long and the short of the matter. Let our Editor then reserve his moay adverbial essays in future for horses and J. P'a, whose ' under standings' are' mostly very'defective, and whose stables and dignities ' generally' are not ' very decidedly aod fully sweet upon them,' 