THURSDAY EVENING IN THE HOUSE. [COMHUNICATED.] ' Sydney, June ICth, 1862. The important bill on the Church and School.Lands, the second reading of which Was the subject of debate on last Thursday evening, calls for all the attention which hon. members can give it. If this attention was more profitably employed, than in frantic exertions to prove that some hon. gentleman, at some remote period, said something which the hon. gentleman referred to declares Hemnly he never said ; there nannnt Via a rinntaf. linf. fVio lnfr.avact nP flia , colony would, be much more effectively V served. Mr. Wilson on this evening seemed to have taken a lesson in what i9 commonly called artful logic. One of the preliminary advices in this useful branch is as follows: '?17th! Begin by asserting that your adver sary admits or has said what he strenuously denies.' This says the commentator, puts _ him in a passion, deranges his ideas, and he loses his case. Mr. W. seemed to try this . dodge, but apparently with very little effect, by charging Mr. Robertson, with saying formerly that these lands were waste, which he now denies to be waste. But if he in tended to put that hon. gentleman in a tan trum, his time whatever the lands might be' —?was certainly waste and barren of the de sired fruit ; for the Sec. instead of going into a fume, rollickingly offered in the best natured manner, a reward of £50 for the \- man who could find out, that he ever said any such thing. Whereupon the member for the gold-fields incited by this munificent offer, pulled out of his pocket some yards of newspaper, and proceeded to read a passage from the Secretary's speech of last year, where tie unwittingly stumbled on the pas sage in which Mr. R. says : ' How could they be waste lands when large quantities of them are higly cultivated.' Mr. Wilson with the greatest effrontery continued read ing, though it was plain he hadn't the least chance of the £50. Many hon. members declared that they would oppose this bill, as they looked upon it. in the light of. an upholding of State aid. They were always opposed to State aid, and always would be no matter under what form. It is a matter of dispute whether these gentlemen would be always willing to put their hands in their pockets and support their clergy were the present allowance withdrawn, Now, amongst the nineteen members who voted against this bill, there, were names which no one ever hoard -coupled with liberality in- the? ^tra department,' and much less when the neces sities of their clergy were the subject on which they were called on to exercise it. Words cost nothing, but deeds are the touchstones by which we are proved. Mr. Robertson and some of his colleagues ?- . , were taunted during the evening with voting on this matter at a former period against their conscience, out of deference to their chief. But who can blame them ; for in the 1st place whether Ministers have any conscience, or not is a grave question ; in the 2nd place ' Humanum est errare; and in the third place there is a wise old saw, which no doubt they had in view on this occasion. ' What should the secretary's motto be,'- ' ' Integritas et timor -Domini.' allowing a free translation any Latinist may See it may be construed as follows, taking care to make the words rhyme by jingling, ''What should the secretary's motto be,' Integritas and fear of old Charley.' ? But in summing up I must not omit to mention that the public are indebted to Mr. Dalgleish for a compliment of the most delicate and original kind, which at once placed him in the most favourable light as: compared with. Mr. [Tarpur. Mr. H. arrogantly asserted that the best men in the country were in that House. But Mr. Dalgleish at once rejected on his own part the opinion of the Hon. member. He said with a modesty which those who know him can appreciate, that he did not doubt, but that there were men more fitted than himself to sit in that House. Now after this are there not twelve young maidens dressed in white to be found who will assemble, and sing in chorus as Mr. D. comes from his onerous duties the beautiful hymn ' Let members boast and rave no more.' But with regard to the assertion of Mr. Harpur there is much to be said. No doubt in a great many departments the very test men would be found in the Assembly, but whether these are the qualities required in the House I can't take it on myself to say. For instance some are men of unrivalled art / in stringing words together which neither themselves nor any one else understand. Others have such extraordinary wind power as to lead to the supposition, that amongst the internal organs might be found a double action bellowa, whilst others have such a knack of kicking up a dust that it is only equalled by the solicitude which they evince on occasions of having the same com modity laid down. But the great event of the evening was one which no one expected, and the like of wuj.uu, jjiuuauijj win ucvw uo ueuiu iu Mint House again. I allude to the astonishing fact of Mr. Cowper giving a direct answer on a bill before the House. When asked if he would vote for the elimination of the word religion from the bill he flatly answered No. The members were taken by surprise and closed the debate. It produced as much effect on the House as Mrs. Sid dons did on the Milliner, when absorbed in the part which she was that night to perform she asked the functionary who was showing her some article of wearing apparel, in her deepest tragic tones ' will it wash.' It is to be hoped that Mr. Cowper's no, will wash, that it won't be reckoned in the catalogue of things ' fading away' that he won't say bye and bye he was only joking. Let him try the effect of a little straightforwardness for once and stick to his No. The principal speeches on this important I* ? 1 I H-a .AHA *v* n/Jn T^»» TVrt ** ~\ AT m 1 _ A vt TK/t _ TIT uui wero uiaue vy jlui . vv usuu, iur. vv . Forster, and Mr Wiudeyer. Mr. W.'s speech was confined to proving that the Sec retary for Lands had changed his opinion on this subject. And what if he did? doesn't the member for the gold- fields know that ' its never too late to mend,' would he have the hon. gentleman confine himself to one set of opinions in these days, and if Mr. Robertson has seen the injustice of withdrawing these lands from their original destination, he has done right to change his opinion, and need not be ashamed of avowing it. Mr. For ster's speech abounded in apostrophes what would become of the House ; what would become of the colony, a pit was being dug beneath the independance of the House, and at last he fairly shuddered to contemplate the consequences, did this bill pass, that is, did religion and science receive aid to im prove and elevate the colony. The hon. gentleman quoted great authorities in a very abstract manner. Old Lord Brougham was dragged up like the ghost of Samuel. Earl Grey and a host of others followed, but it was remarked he altogether forgot what was more to the point, the opinion of the Imperial law officers; In the meantime the Upper Sousa sits grim and stern, waiting the advent of »ay attack on the aid afforded to religion in the colony. There is no doubt that any bill of such a character will be beaten to atoms by the ivory sceptres of the senators, even though the howls of the no religion men should sound in threatening cadence on the lobby of the Concilium Populi. S. 