CONFEDERATE ATTACK AT JAMES ffi RIVER. ff A CORRESPONDENT of the New Torie Tim» gira ian account of the attack on the Federal vesseli by the Confederate.'batteries :-.. ,., . Last night, soon after ,ten o'oiockV the enea; towards Richmond, about fire miles beyond ott infantry pickots/commenced throwing up si¿u¿ -L'Efet8» ?^J.Çtnf'Jfwiaé evincingjthe. committal usually preceding some important.event. Abott one o'clock this morning, the rebels, who had stationed four field batteries at, contiguow points upon the bluffa on the opposite side of the river, opened with a terrific vollej of shot and shell upon the transport! and small .' 1 shipping which . ' crowded the river.. The 'long roll was beat in the rebel camps, and the greatest excitement prevailed, among them, as well as ourselves, although our forces were not- called out. Tne night was cloudy and dark, and. one or two causes contributed to give the rebels a better range of the position of our shipping and immediate camps than they would otherwise have obtained,, Immediately on tho commencement of 'the cannonading, one or two of our steameri-one of which wa3 the -John A. Warner, (he mail boat-lit up all their lights, making a gr»- ' illumination, and presenting an excellent mai» tb the enemy, whioh proclaimed as palpably u words " Here we nil are, crowded together like sheep in a pen. I will hold a light while jot count us., Now, please, blaze away, and, wei .will-sustain tho damage J" The encampment! | of tho batteries, whioh fringe- the hank of the | river behind tho shipping, also lit u; tàeir | hundreds of cindloe, making a glowing hack« ground in. the picture, and thus affording tbs assailants evory facility they could desire to con-1 8ummate- their design?. . The rebels opened] with __a.fierco_.and "rapid fire .from their font batteries,, directing their, shots into the shipping and battery camps. For nearly a hall-boar they poured' in solid , shot and . shell;'.without intermission, When our siege guns and gui> boats -opened- upon them, soon render ing their position uncomfortable. Still the; continued their attack,.firing at short interval for half or three- quarters of an hour, killingfois of* the men belonging to our batteries m. wounding several. One shell entered the ten! I of ra colonel, and alighted upon a table sired 'witb'papers, where it exploded, burning UR iii documents, but inflicting no injuries to tW officer, who was in tho tent at the tims. Another struck ia the tent of a captain of ou of the batteries, and, glancing, passod throng) another in the , rear, without injury B J|j the ocoúpants. A negro, who was hurrj' ing away with a box of specie belonging^ Adams' Express Company, and attended byone« tho clerks, was!seized with a panic, and drop ping tho box, vanished like a ghost. ¡ Thoto was shattered by the fall, and its contenta T»m scattered about on tho ground. Tho clerk in- mediately commoncod groping about in tho dirt in search of tho 'loose troasuro, when a M plqughod intq tho ground about threo feet trw him, covering him and his wealth togethoriw* ¡oárth. Ho, too, "skedaddled;" leaving W money to bo roolaimed at a moro poif" montent. Tho RicJimond Examiner, of tho 2nd, hu tw following Torsion ? Petersburg, August 1,180?. Alargo force of artillery, includingnu»J heavy guns, having been placed in positiW* and below Coggio's Point yesterday. ,! Righted, oponed on M'OlelUn's float and tut} this morning, at. 1 o'clock. Tho firing«'' tinuod fiercely for '.two. hours. Tho onW gunboats ropliod very feobly, doing no °tm'L At tho first round from our guns evory »\5" in tho fleqt was extinguished. il0£ dnmago' is supposed to , havo boon flictod. Tho enemy wan evidently gr"'j alarmed. A groat crashing was beard « T ?? ? *. . _ »Ter, whether from our balls or the vessels col- liding is unknown. The entire fleat disappeared thia morning at daylight, and such of U'Clellan's camp as was visible seemed in great .commotion. One man' waa killed on our side, and sis wounded -two, belonging to the Page Battery,' badly all caused by an'accident to our own guns. A Washington despatch states that it is believed General Burnside has reached his now scene of operations, and will, soon be heard of. 