THE LATE MR. VANDENHOFF. (From the. Liverpool Mercury ) 1 THE announcement on Monday of tho .doath of Mr. VandenhoiT, the eminent actor, took tho public by surprise, inasmuch as thora was nothing in his appearance or thc state of his health to in- dicate so speedy a termination of a 1 ng and valuable life. For somo time past Mr. Yando . hoff has been subject to occasional attacks of gont and theso increased with advancing years,' but they were never serious, and rnroly if ever con lined him to tho houso, or interfered beforo he finally loft tho stige, with the dischargo of his .professional duties. Indeed, ho had a simplo recipe for warding off attacks of gout, which he followed himsc'f, and prescribed in a friendly woy for, others, with tho best results. It appears, however, from tho account of his last momen s in thc Times, that on the morning of his d nth Friday last, the 4th instant-one of theso attacks induced him to visit his physiciau. Ho wa'ked there from hiß own house in thc Reg nt's-park, end walked back, dined, and after dinner was si-ized with " premonitory symptoms of paralysis." He WOB nevertheless ablo to reach his bodroom and lio down without assistance, hut boforo medical aid could bo procured he was speechless, and in a short time ceased to exist. The Tinten says thnt " ho carries to his gravo tho unblemished reputation of an honourable life," ond it ndds with equal truth-"Though in Ins 72nd year, ho was crcot and active, and bore every promiso of enjoy- ing for many years to come tho warm attachment ol a select circlo of friends, who valued him for tho kindliness of his naturo und his many virtues." Timo had. touched Mr. VondenhofT Tory gently. When ho quitted tho stage, of which he was ono of the brightest ornamonts, his montai and physical powers' nppcorod to havo suflbrcd no abatotnent ; he toad and wroto without glnsscs ; his voice was 03 Bonorous, his limbs were as linn and muscular ns those of a man in tho primo of life j and to all outward nppenrnnco tho mellowed winter of a ripe old ngc oppoared to be in storo for him. Ko doubt tho recont death of his gifted and fascinating daughter, to whom he was tenderly uttachod, must have preyed npun-hiB opirits and shortened his «1 lys, for tho sympathy botwoen mind and body it probably intensified iu persons of acute feeling who havo passed their grand climacteric. Mr. VnndonhofT was born in February 1790, in tho old city of Salisbury, whero his family h.nd rodded for somo generations; and ho wat) educated nt Stonyhurst. From college ho wont on tho stago, mid in thc early part of his career was a member of thc samo company in which thc celebrated Kdmund Kean filled a subordinate position. Mrs. Jordan, thou in tho zenith of hor lum , went to Salisbury to fulfil an engagement, aud. Kean lind to perform a part with thc groat comic actress, wliioh ho did BO little to her satisfaction that sho sent for tho manager and requested him, when tho piece wai repeated, to »ubititute Vandenboff. She could only designate the young actor as «'tho man with the long name." Tho change was mado^ and Vandonboff, who bad to sing several songs m the peace, was pronounced a great sacces*-a stroke of good fortune in his native city that gratified bim exceedingly, and foreshadowed tho fame which ho subsequently achieved in a totally different walk of tho drama. It was in small perambulating companies of tho last genera- tion that actors and actresses studied and some- timos starved their way to fame and fortune, ond perhaps one main canso of the decline in our day of what ia called " the legitimate drama" may be traced to the extinction [of such companies. In Barry Cornwall's" LifeofEdmundKcan"-aclever but rare book, which is now ont of print, and the bookseller's stock of whicb was bought np some twenty-five years ago for a purpose-this epoch in the career of both Kean and VandenhofT is illustrated by several characteristic anecdotes. In 1813 Kean first appeared at Drury Lane asJS/iy loch, and'in the same year Vandenboff appeared on the ,boards of the Theatre-Koyal in this town os Rdla-a part whicb his fine figure and splendid elocution always made impressive, and which was a great favourite with ploygoers at that poriod, as we were at war with Franco, and tho patriotic speeches of tho hero were made to bear a political significance Kean's success was a blazo of triumph whioh continued for many years; but in a provincial town-for Liverpool had not then risen to tho position it holds now-a young actor had to work hard before his fame reached thc motroplis. At length the managers of Convent Garden in 1820, induced Vandenboff to try his fortuno in London. . They offered him tempting terms, and ho accepted.them. For his debut ho selected King Lear. He was successful, and the houso rang.with acclamations. "When the curtain foll on'his .. triumph, MrB. Coutts requested him to join her in her private box ; ho obeyed, and there, after expressing her pleasuro at the «représentation she ' had just witnessed sho introduced him to tho famous Lord Erskine. "I am delighted, Mr. VandenhofT," said his lord- ship, "tb moke your acquaintance, for I'hive seen no Lear equal to yours since Garrick's time, and i have a distinct recollection of his."" But Mr, VanjlenhofFs metropolitan success was not ¡ destinod to be permanent '; the jealousy of the old established favourites and their friends was aroused. Kean was tho idol of Drury-lane ;- at the other house were Charles Young, Macready, and ' Charles Kemblo, all leading actors, and all having power'ul friends in the press.and in thc theatre too powerful for a young actor to contend against with nothiog but his genius and bis sense of fuir play to rely on. He retired again to tho provincos, and his ro-appôaranco in Liverpool in 1822 gave rise to what is called " tho Salter riots," which lasted two or three nights, and tho object of which was to drive Mr. VandenhofT. from the stage and the town'.' This ill-feeling was fomontod in Man- chester by the members of tho resident company, and a number of persons journeyed from tho ? Irwell to the Mersey to Bupport Salter and decry I VandonhofF. The minogers of that day, Messrs. Banks'and Lewis, hit on a plan for restoring poa c and filling their own coffers ; they engaged both tho rival tragedians, who alternated the leading characters in such plays as Othello, Ven'ce Pre- served, CymbcUnc, Julius Ctesar, and others in which were two great parts. This test Mr. Salter could not stand ; he was completely played down by Mr. Vandenboff, and died soon after of a broken lroart. In after years Mr. VandonhofF was heard to refer to this painful affair in these torms-"I revenged myself on every member of the company conspicuous for his hostility to me on thisoccasion by lajing him or somo member of bis family under a sense of, obligation to me, which I thought tho' best way of returning good for evil" n noble sentiment, which this excellent man was in the habit of carrying out in other scenes than those of his profession. Twelve years ehipsed hoforo Mr. Vonácnlioff iras seen in JLondon again. On tho second occasion he appeared ut tho Hay- market, then under thomanagemont of Mr. Morris, in Coriolanus, a character which ho repeated eight times in succession to tho most crowdod and enthu- siastic audiences. Tho fervour of his reception on this occasion compensa'ed him to somo extent for the injustice of which he hod previously beon the victim. From the Haymarket ho went at the I close of the season to Drury-lano and Covent j Garden, both of which theatres wore then under the managemont of Mr. Bunn ; but cvon hero ho was persecuted by the critics in the interest of Mr. Macready. (ultimately. Covent-garden fell into the hands of Mr. Osbaldiston, who immedi- ately engaged Macready, VandenhofT, and Charles Komblo-thc thrco greatest actors then living and tho plays with tin sc favourites in them inva- riably filled thc house. : Osbaldiston's success induced Mr. Macready to risk the perils of. management, and his first act in that capacity was to despatch a special messenger to Liverpool to secure the services of Mr. Van- denboff, who was then on tho point of visiting tho United States on a professional tour. It was during this poriod that Mr. VandenhofT had tho best opportunity ever afforded him of making what may be termed a position in London. Mr, Macready, for his own sake, mado the most of his rival's fino talents. It waa during this cngage ' mont that Sergeant Talfourd's classic play of lon was first produced, in which tho Adrastus of Van- denhofT waB a thing to bo remembered. > u original character is always tho gnugo of an actor's intollectuol stamin*, and into thia part VandenhofT threw n power and grandeur which astonished cvon tho author, for at ho close ho rushed round to tho green-room to oxprcss his delight and his gratitude ; but when tho play was printed it was dodinatcd to Mr. Macready, with u frigid allusion to "Mr. Vandenhoff's noble personation of /¡drastus." But while there was about this groat actor as little personal envy or jcu'ousy ns ever perhaps belonged to a member nf tho Ramo profession, he was not insonsiblo to his own status, and rosentod any ottempt to depreciato it. In a provincial theatre, where tho members of tho company wore all, of course, anxious to win tho smiles of the great star,, and to do *' tho business'' in thc way most congenial to Instaste-that is, to allow ''the star" to corry off all tho applause-Mr Vanden- boff was in the habit of addressing his hnm'dor hrothren thus-" Ploy your parts so OB to secure all- tho applause possible, for your success will not rrturd, hut strengthon, my efforts ;" mid this iinji al feeling w^a alwayB gratefully acknowledged ana romembored. Buring the \\\ indoor theatricals utulor tho monngement of Mr. Charles Kenn, Mr. Vnudcnhoff played tho Ghost in " Hamlet''-n porformnnoc which wa* inimttablo as well os per- fectly original in its way. Mr. Kean, anxious to produce Hamlet nt' tho Princess's Thcatro with exactly tho same casto, wrote to Mr. Vnndrnhoff to know the terms on which he would consent to repeat it in that thcatro ; but tho answor wos prompt and decided-" No terms that you con oiler. ' He wonld not shrink from ploying in nn inferior role to pleaso his sovoroign, but no pecu- niary consideration could tempt him to loso his solf-rcspcot by playing "second" lo an artiste that ho considered inferior to hiraso'f, I Ito moro, newt avenía, of. Mr- Vandehhoffa career are tolerably familiar to>4>nrreidera-bb leave-taking at the Theatre; JRoy$\ltmá&the; feati montai which hisfriendsnreaënted to him on jthat occasion. He always spoke of his final parting from tho stago aa an event that would probably cost him moro pain than parting with life itself, and the prognostication was so far verified that ho was quite unmanned when he came to oxprcss his acknowledgments-broke down, and shed tears. Of course, in a brief and hasty sketch like this, little more can he dono than indicate the salient points of a career identified for nearly fifty pears with the classic drama of England-a drama which has no equal in' tho world, and in many of tho lead- ing characters of which tho present ago has never witnessed a finer exponent. In Edinburgh-the modern Athens, as it ia sometimes called-Mr. Vandenhoff was always a distinguished favourite ; and ho was present at the pnblic dinner in that city at which Sir Walter Scott first announced himself as the author of the " Waverley Novels." But there waa no town in tho empire to which he was so warmly attached as Livorpool-the town that had encouraged him in youth, supported him in his manhood, and cheered him in his decline. It was impossible, however, to rise to a becom- ing appreciation of this great and good man with- out knowingbim in the private walk3 of lifo, apart Altogether from the caros an anxieties of his profes- sion. It was a treat to bo iu his society. He was a splendid conversationalist, with a keen sense of humour, large imitative powers with which ho was sometimes accustomed to amus his friends, while bia critieul acumen was searching and metaphy- sical in its grasp. In & word, as an actor, a scholar, and a gentleman he commanded the re- spect and affection of all who came in contact with him, professionally or privately. ? It will be remembered that ho took leave of the public in the character of Brutus in " Julius Ct03ar." Roman parts part were those perhaps best adapted to his peculiar style, and it may be said of him in the words of Marc Antony This was tho noblest Boman of them all: His life was gentle: and tho elements ... So mixed in bim, that nature might stand np, And eay to all tho world, THIS WAS A M AK ! Mri Vandenhoff took his farewell benefit of tho stage àt the Theatre Boyal, Liverpool, on Fridày the 29th of October, 1858, in the characterrof Marcus Brutus, in tho play of Julius .Caesar, fol- lowed by the third act of Henry VIII, presenting the fall of Wolsey.. At the close of thc perfor- mance, Mr. Vandenhoff1 said-- ' ' ... "Ladies and Gentlemen,-The last' scene in drama of tho actor's lifo is played oat ; and divested of. fictitious character, he comes before you in thc singleness' of,-his own-identity to take his grateful and^/nirtMeave of- you and of his 71ro fession, agreeably with à pltdge¿: given some four years sinco, to a requisition that I would defer my then announced retirement, .and constitute Liver- pool the terminus of my theatrical career-the scene of thy last1 performances. - When I with-, draw myself from ' your, presence this evening, I shall have quitted " tho stage" for ever Î And how shall ; I find words-what expressions can I employ to dopiet to'you, my long tried, ever kind, and constant patrons, thc thoughts, the feelings, crowding on heart and brain, BB 1'stand here, for the last time-oppressed with the pain of pleasure filled recollections of incidents and events in my professional connection' with the Liverpool'public through a series of. bygone year's embracing tho existence of nearly half a enntury-all which memory now brings vividly on. the mind's oyo, the bright retrospect saddened by tho overcoming cloud o-f the patting hour, the pain-fraught hour of separation, to meet, alas, no more? Fur time, who with silont stealing Btep no'er halts or slackens hifl pace, hes brought nie to a gentle declivity where the'prospect palpably narrows, while the gnomon on the dial indicates the ' distance gone over, and prudence warns to cease from labour beforo nature declares herself unequal to tho task imposed boforc the manly voice tarns again towards childish treble, and the hale, firm step totters in the enfeebled footing of senility. In tho buoyancy of young manhooil I first courted your acquain- tance and aspired to win distinction in your eyes.; You greeted my efforts with ready approval, and accorded your liberal support to cheer my onward course in the arduous, precarious, yet fascinating pró'ession 1 had chosen. At 24 I first became a candidate for honours here-rat CS (verging on the ago allotted to man) I om resigning all further claim to your attention. Those periods record my entrance and exit on theso boards - the beginning and tho end. The poor player has fretted his hour upon thc. stage, and Bhall now be heard no more. But as the day closes around me I would fain satisfy myself that the years I have passed in the service of the publie havo not boen vainly spent, havo not been wasted, in ministering only to the idle amusemont of mero pleasure seeking multitudes. No, not I feel that tbc actor's art may claim a higher purpose and a nobler end ; and from tho first to the last I have endeavoured to keep that end in view. 'J hat the drama originated in man's appetite for amusement and his delight in witnessing reflections of himself I am fully prepared to admit. Amusement is a necessity of our nature ; for tho recreation, deve- lopment, and invigoration of the physical and moral constitution, and for its preservation in healthful condition. Tho mental faculties, like tho corporeal agents, demand relaxation from sovcrity of labour, which to rofnso or to withhold is to nrglcct a requirement of nature ; and natiiro's requirements are laws which none may disobey or infringe without paying tho penalty she is suro to cxaot. The opparcntly most fatiguing exorcise in sports ÎB healthful and ngreoablo relaxation to the sons of toil, after oven the hardest day's work, lt is tho joyous outburst of nature rejoicing nnd revel- ling in her strength with her own freodom of action, as.opposod to thc constrained nnd enforced toorkhig exacted hy the tyrant Necessity. There be somo «ports aro painful, but tho labour Delight in them svts off; And GO- . Tho labour wo delight in phyaics pain ! Tho in'nd-tho intellectual faculty-ia subjoet to tho' same law. The merchant, tho lawyor, thc banker, whoso brain hus been taxed through tho j day with tho mathematics of business, finds relax» arion from the eevority of exaotness in the out- pourings of thc poet's fancies ; and thoy fly to a change, if the subject of thought, which, whilo it involves the operation of thinking, will, if pre- sented in thc form of amusement, distract and dis- sipate the busy working of tho brain, oven whilo appealing to its exercise. And if tho proper study of mankind is man, then ÍB Shakspcare tho groatest instructor of man, and a great benefactor to his kind ; nnd tho actor, his interpretor, at onco a disciple- ami n teacher-in his school, may not bo disregarded by the philosopher or the plulanihro pi >t ES UBCICSS in his generation, or an inefficient ngont to good. To blond instruction with amuse- ment, thc usofnl with tho agreeable, is to attain to tho omne punctum of tho poet, tho ultimatum of ofTort in behalf of eur follows. With this viow of thc stage I soe no rtason to bo discontented with tho pursuit to whiçh 1 have devoted what tnlents and cnorgies I may possess 1 but it would bo a subject for «crions regret oouWi 1 conceive at this 1 hjour that I bad passed my day* io' Unmeaning, profitless labour, . Ladies and gentlomem I am bestowing all my tediousness apon yon. '<" I pray y'oU'Iet tho.mbtive extenuate the offence, and excuse me if my spirit travelled away Trom the point' I must come to ot last as seeking relief from the pressure of tho heart that awaits the sad con- clusion. My work is dono ; tho curtain has fallen to rise no more for me. Tho actor's occupation's gone." 