THU COLLAPSE 01? mn Trust/. " NATIONAL " Mn VE MF.NC.-TIiu now national oigunlsntion whioli was ti ni'.ult (rom tho " muss meeting," nod loliboroto Irtl ini lions tho British yoko by moana of tho «nc with Amorion linn proved on utter abortion. Tho confession of iti fat'urx itt rando by tho Naticn ri n manifeoto of throo o four columns on Tbo Your ooforo us."' The organ o tho Young Ireland l\»rty noyn :-" It io nh ol pl un» plígh for a nation to nit still while almost bsfora its eye« our in ito hearing do neighbouring powern - disonus or p'nr tho chaping or marl ing of its dsstinlos for ptirposon am polioy of their own; . To this plight has Ivoland enru.'.' Tho work of national orgnninatioo, eommcnood twelve montlm ngo by four of the ruoBt trusted loadors of tilt parly, has bceu now aban-lanod. Tho pooplo, it i< ollogi d, wore never moro ready or resolute", " but whore aro tho&o; who should In ot tho people's sido, at theil hoad ?" Wlwro oro tho middle olaosos- tho men ol o, ci il worth and position-tho won of-well-won trant and honoured reputation ?. .The Nation answers that they hnvo not talton tbe ir plooo for ton yearn b iolt, mill they oro prnotior.lly absent now. Tho Nation latnonfs, that "ono class thnt never iu all history dem rim) tho ponplo," IhoOutholla oh'rgy, woro by n fatal policy de. turrod from ncoompariylug thora farthur in thair political Htruieutce. Other companions, ions likely to ho faithful and trustworthy, have stepped into their plnoou, and nov/, to o far greater extent than they imagine, tho pollttanl Influonco nf tho Ouiholia derby has been sapped nway, and tho pooplo bavo bonn taught to regard tho priests with mijtmat and suspi-ion. Such, nddn thu organ, is tho position ot our n.vionnl affairs at this gravo arláis, skatohod by a dispnsti.-inatQ and truthful bani). But he doon not, nays tho Dublin onrrespandont of tho Timen, reveal all that Ind to tho failure of tho national organisation wblah lia deplornn, The O'Donorjhtto ic siguod bis ohairmnnahip of tba committoo bcoanne a si'orot nooiity furnished him with n list or namou willoh alono it oould trout, and tho chairman of tba raeating as well as tho proprietors of tho Morning Neict and Naticn, found that they must bo mero toola or puppets moved by inviniblo parties, Bllpuosod to bo tho lendern'of I ho Brotherhood of St. l'nttlok-a noori't organisation tvbiob moy soon require attention.-Bristol Mercury. SAD ACCIDENT AT MOHTOHAT, - Tho Pilot says :-"Wo beard this morning; (Nr. vern bot 2 (I J of a very sad, and, unfortunately, fatal »ooidonl, willoh occurred ot a lailiot,' eoliool in this oily ou Friday last. Durlug tho lunah hour several of tbo bout dors and soholaro woro ia thu sohool* room,, chatting and tollina; storlaj, Tho ooo voi orillan foll upon ghosts, and ono of the young disputants, a fina girl, ll) yearn oi age, said warmly and loudly that boforo a ghost abauld oatah bur she would throw lursalf oat of tho window-on tho sill ol' wbiort uh o wan sitting. Tho pro'optrcss, who wan In tho room at tho time, toppod lier dusk an n warning to make loes noloo, wbon this un. fortunato young Ijdy, startled by tho noise, .or ber nnrvouo. systom torribly workod upon, foll or throw her solf out of tho window. Wo neoil soaraoly Say that soo wan immediately picked up, and medical old at onoo pro-. i sured. But, notwithstanding every attention wan paid to 1 tho unhappy sufferor, nh o' dlod yostordny morning. Of course, no blnmo attaches to tbe eohoolmiatroso, or any of tlio littlo prattlers who wero prosont when tho unfor- tunate ooowronoo took placo. It 1B ono of those'accident R as mrlanaboly na unerpfotod, which hts thrown a gloom ovor tho .Hohoolintifl brought gtiaf into a family,,.willoh limo nlone, oijd comfort from ob'ovo, eau dissolve, ' ' Tbo young girl's,onmo 1B Anno Glennon." MxxAHonoLY OocrnnMon.-Aa event of * most heartrending oboraoter took pl»oe on Thursday at the llltlo village, of Slaugbaro, silnatod at . distance of about six mi ti (rem Hnyward's.bcatb. It woald appear that for Humo timo paît a Mr. Agata boa ooonplud a farra, house iu tho village, and that there resided with him. among other persone, his wife and two little boj», aged respectively four and six. From tho general demeanour and behaviour of the family tba whole of it* members were rouen respected. Mm. Agate baa for somo abort period been indisposed.. No eorious re* anita wore feared, however, nntil within tho past few duya, when ber aanduot beoam .> siuh an to causo her I friends considerable uneasiness. In ooDsequonoeabe was pretty oarofully watobed by thoBe Broand her. Things* oonlinned to proceed iii this manner nntil yeiterday morning, when shrieks were heard to proaecd from the farmhouse. An ulnrm buvln« been given sover»! persons at once went to the f jot, and after somo alight difSaalty an ai i tranco was c fleeted, whon the greatest coniform rion was omised by tho scene wbiob prsseotíd itself. The body of tho younger of ino boys ohove referred to wal found in a bedroom lying in a pool of blood, wbiob wag still flowing ooplouely from a fiightful RB-II in the throat. Tho other boy, the elder of the two, lay stretched inn' »tata of insensibility in the same ream, also ni ¿ ring from wounds about the n ok ood throat, wbiob bled . . fasely, nnd on A farther search Mrs, Agate was discovered with wounds in ber throat Neithor Bbs nor the boy Inst mentioned wax dead. Medical assistance was imme- diately oallcd in, and information waa sont to the polios, eevetal members of whioh body soon arrived and at once took charge of the premise*. The medical gentlomen who arrived at* the Boone of thta tragic ooonronoo immediately znado an examination of tho injured portions. , In the case oi the younger boy it was " clearly evident that death had taken plaoo eorco lime before, and from the nature of the wounds Ibero contd bj no doubt death mnat have been instantaneous; for on o minute examination of tho in. I jared ymrt it was found that the whole of the tuneóles of ' Hie noolr, excepting those immediately oonnootei with i tho verleim, as well os the vital arterias, wera divided. > Fu>m all the apponrnnros it wonld seem that tho ont had I been sharply and vigorously made, as tho hoad was all bat severed from the body. With regard lo fha other boy, although life still remains, the severo nature of bis wounds, and their critical petition create great anxiety ai to tba consequences. He was Insensible when found, having lost a good deal of blood. From tba nature of tho wounds it would appear that they were inflloted with av razor, and thia. impression is oonflrraed by the , fiat that the mother bad one in her hand whon sha waa lound. Shoheraelf was aaflming from so veral wound« in thotbron', but thoso were not of so severe > nature as in tho oaso of the elder boy, and iraraodiato danger is not apprehended,: although oonsldoroble doubt flints BB to whether she will ultimately recover» T'tat the unfertonato woman, in a moment of freney,, mide tba onslaught on hor two obildren and then, utlcmptod h 'r own' life is not doubted for a momont by those who now have charge of the ease, every oiroumstanoe . that comos to light, Including (ho mental disease of Mrs. Aírate, tending to corroborate that oonoluBion. The in. juted woman and child remain at the farmhonse under , inedio.il ooro. During. tba wbolo bf yesterday and to.day niarga number ol people residing in tho village and adj tonnt parts of the country visited thu house, whioh, of oourse, remains in thn honda of tho - West Sussex Con- stabulary, tbs ohief olBaor of which body is' collecting tho evldenao to bo adduced boforo tho ooronor (Mr. BIa«deti). ot tho inrjuait to bo bald npon the body of tho mur- txred boy in thu oourse of thin day,- Timei, Dor. 7. ' REP urmo av . RIAOKINEUT.-For several years a Frcnoh tavan, M. L. Soott, has boon engaged in expert, mcnts on i tie fixation of sonad upon a preparod tablet, in' tho Burne way. os photography Axes luminous imagos, and hnB met with considerable success in thia now art, which ho has named <> Pht nantograpby." At a rooonl sitting of tbeFroooh. Academy of Soionoca, a oommunl. cation was mndo on the stibjttot by tho discoverer. ' The problem whioh first required solutiou waa tho artificial . aonstruolion of an oar, by means of tubes end diaph.. gramp, sa as to imitate as no irly BB posalblo tho human oar in ita power of ot.lleoting sounds of overy degreo of intensity, and tr.mttmitting thom to a delicate mombrano placad at the extremity. After numerous oassys, sn ' appxratua waa constructed whioh poaBesuod tho above qualifications. The mombrano waa Boen to vibrate visibly, and in a d'ff.'rent mnnnor, with oaeh sound or ? tinto; and if n pen or stylo wero fastened to thin mern, br.nie, its point waultl traqo tho wonderfully beautiful »ntl onmplioitcd outves and aíralas appertaining to tho elementa of sound, Tho ' noxt ditllaulty consisted in finding n setioitive surface npou whioh this tb/Io oould i ti ai li the imprint of ils movumetits, for tho vibrations of tho r.eilul pen wore HO delicAtu that if auy appreciable faros wer.» rrqnU'Att lo effect thn transmission. ll'<> »ooto. tono.) would at onoo (.top all movement. This difllanlty was overcome by ornploying a strip of thin paper, upon which was dopobitod n film of lamp black obtained from Ibu Binoko of burning bodies. Tho phonographs pro. doced by M. Scott's instrument nro marvellouslyoorroot ; ovory noparutti conreo of sound hus an individuality of its .own, Thn problem of tho graphie fixation of sound may thiiH bo oonsidoiod ns accomplished ; but now o now dif. Acuity arises, that of translating theuo evor.varying curves book n^ain into ordinary lungungo. If oooh word or syllable, *r even oom pound Found, of which our spoken language is built up, were invariably represoutcd by tho samo sysUm ot curvos, tho work of transcription would.bo comparatively onay. This, hnwovor, is far ' (rom being the osar. Not only docs tho impression vary with the tone of tho volo », tho rapidity or londnons of atternnoe, but it lins boon found that tho nama words uttered by ono person are wrltton down by tho instru- ment very differently from tho way they oro when spoken by another; just au tho handwriting of ono por- tón (Hirers from «notb pr. Tl)i J, howovor, ia a dilHoully that will bu'overoomo by practise, and perhaps improved instrumental arringaments.-manchester Review. , . CAVtuns AND FxuouriON or Bonana,-From Napias , a vet J inlureHlitig doonmeut has cnn.o to band, whioh places tho cxi'itenoB of tho Spanish filibuster " GonBtal" Bm gea boyond doubt. It is tho report of ono Mejor Fmnohini, commanding tho battalion of rilletnon by wi om ho woR tulli n and shot. It in dated, Toglinoonzo, December Otb:'-"On tbB 7th, nt ll-BO p.m., n lottor from tho snb.prcfoot of tho disttlot informod mo that Borges with twenty-two hoisomen, bad passed through Palermo, nn .1 ii .voy to Scurgolo. On tho fltb, ot half past threo a.m., another lottor infoimed ree that thoy had bticu seen in the diruotlon of Saurgola and Santa Maria del . Tufo. I immediately UuBpatohod a strong patrol towirds öourgola, and another ' to Santa Muri*, but ruoáivod iutolligonoo that tho ban. . dilti lud p faed through Santa Mario, and wero ad» vnucltig towards a lerge farm belonging to Signor Mnstrotldi: I immediately oollootcd som» thirty ber* raglinri, and act efl" in pnrsuit, At Santo Maria I Aili in with tho patrol I had sent on bofoio bnnd, and their foot Mtopu soon dh'oloeed tho way tho banditti had taken. I nrrivod at tho Cnaa Mastroildl nt about ten in tbo morn- ing, but now no signo, of its hoing ooonplrd by tho bond ; w¡ien about forty yards elf I mw nn urmod man running away. I imtnodt rU'ly purr.uiid and hoadod him, thu bersogliori following m.-. Finding osonpo imposaible, ho rushed forwnrtl, rind lovolling his min kat, tho tmuzlo touohing my bioiat, fired. Tho onp only unnppod. I blow lila brains mit with my revolver. Wo then returned to Ilia farm, 'and half a dozun fellows slipped ont, trying to Rot oiT; they woro all hoynnotod. On attempting to gat into the farra wo wera received with a well direotod fire. This wont on for liol f no hour. I had flvn mon Id Hod. I therefore sum- moned tho banditti to aturdidor, othorwlso I would bum them out. They replied hy a volley. I thoroforo had tho building llroil, ont! soon nftorwards tho banditti gavo tbotnsolvoH up ; S3 onrblncs, a swords, 17 hornee, a largo number of very interesting paper?, nnd threo tricoloured il'jgs, with tho cross of Sn»oy (doubtless lo doooivo tho pooplo) foll into our handa.nnd moreover Gonoral Borges him .olf und his companions, ot whom I encloco n Hat. I brought thom all away with mo to tho Tnuliocozr.o and had thom shot at four p.m., to sorvo aa au cxmoplo to tho cnomion of tho King nnd country. I onolosd, with a lint of : lioso who distinguished thomsulvoH, tho papera of U 'ntral Uargon, and tomah!, ici., FnAKoiitNr, tho major commanding, A Si5N8inr.-a¡ REOANTATIOII.-It will bo rotnomborod that Mr. Train, thu promoter of tramways in towns, rando two vory oironsivo spooohes a low woolts ugo in Slaflordiihirn, with roforonoo lo tho niTtir of tho Tront, oonteiidlng that tho capturo of tho commissioners was pnrfpotly legal, nnd that England had no ronaon to oom plain.1 Mr, Trniu, howl vor, Ima thought proprr tri chango . hin mindi In a epoeoh lent week ho spokn aa followB : "Vos, Mr. Ohnirmar, I would say to Mr. Soward, give tif the men-war munt bo avoided. It ia not for me to nil visu tho Soorolnry of Stnte, for I am not a holiever in good advice Far once I l.ollovo Eufilaud is right. Arno rion Wrong, My opinion, it scorns, ia or BUdlolutit impart to hayo it mlsrupresontcd, That roiaroprcsoiitatlon 1 do siro to oorroot. ' Yuuog mon Bbould bo seen and not hoard," says tho proverb, tnt tho sarao Rogo wrote ' that gravity wan a mysterious carriage of tho body to cover up tho dcfeois of tho mind.' In former speeches I havo touahod upon tho Tront, but I havo ninan modlUod my 'viuWii Wiao mon chango thoir minda j toola noyer do. (Laughter.) Not nrofeiiiing to bo vory «lao or to olaim unusual »tii|.i Illy, I bog to whirl on tho Tront question ; at Drat p^ttlotiain nver-shndowod judgmenl, and I said, glvo lip tho mon only at tho'point ôf tho otuinon. I now say, in auy case, glue ti* the men J, (OUherg.) On norn, paring notes nih tho aimbgleB havo lallen to.lho ground. -Brlitvl Mercury, ' . : 1 