j THF, LYTTELTON GHOST STORY. "Lyttelton, when aoarooly tbirtv-iiix, breathed his last at a oonutry-houae near Epsom, called Pit-place, from its situation in a chalk pit ; where he witness' d, as he con- ceived, a supernatural appearance,"- Wraxall. He did ao : but here the author o mt pardon me, and so must you, ilear sir, if I presume to say I can tell this tale better ; meaning with moro exactness, for truth consti- tutes the whole of ita value. Lord West cot" and Lord Sand>s both told it thus, and they were familiar inti- mates at Streatham-park-where now their portrait» hang in my library. Lord Lyttelton was in London, and was gone to bed, I think, upon a Thursday night. He rang his bell suddenly and with great violence, and his valet, on entering, found him much disordered, pro- testing he had been or fancied himself, plagued with a whita bird fluttering within his curtains. " When.how- ever (continued he) I Beemed to bave driven her away, a female figure stood at mi feet in long drapery, and said, . Prepare to die, mv Lord, you'll soon be called.' ' How soon? ho«' « on!' said 1, 'in three yearsV 'Three years,' replied she, tauntingly, three days,' and vanished " Wit iams, the man servant, related tbi« to his friends of course ; and the town talk was all about Lord Lyttelton'a dream; he himself ran to bis uncle with it, lo Lord Wetcote, who confessed having re» proved him pretty sharply for losing time in the inven- tion of empty »to'ies (such he aconuntei it), instead of thinking a'oitt the speech ho was to make a few days öfter. Lord dandys was milder, saving, " My dear fel- low, if you believe this strange occurrence, and would bave ii» believe it, be persuaded to change your condoof, and give np that silly frolio which you told n» of. I mean going next Sunday-W»B it not? to Woodcote; but I suppose 'tis only one'of your wondrous fine devices to make us plain folks atnie : so di ink ad sb of chocolate and talk of something else " On Saturday, after wc had talked this over at Streathora-park, a lady late from Wales dropt in, and told as she had been at Prnry-lans last night- "How were you entertained!" »aid I. "Very strangely indeed," wa» the reply; "notwith the play though, for I scarce knew what they acted-but with the discourse of Captain Ascongh or Askew-so hi» oompanions called bim-who averred that a friend of bis, t1 e profliga e Lotd Lyttel on, as I understood by them, had certainly «ena spirit, who has warned bim that he is to die within the next three days, and I bave thought of nothing else ever since." No farther accounts reached Bti eat li am park till Monday morning, when every tongue was telling how aMr«. Flood and 2 UiasAmpblet», demirep beauties, had passed over Westminster Bridge by the earliest hour, looking like corpsr» from illnrss occaMoned by ter or. and escorted hy this Cant. A »cough to town, the man Williams* constant and unvarying tale tallied with his, who said, they had been passing the time appointed in great giyety ; some othir girl» and gentlemen of the country having in some measure joined the party for dinner only, but leaving «hese before mid- night. That on Sunday Lord Lyttelton drew ont his watch at eleven o'clock, and said, "Well, now I must leave you, agreeable as all of yon are ; because I mean to meditate on the next Wednesday's speicb, and liav.i actually brought some booka with me." " Oh, but the ghost ! the ghost !" exclaimed one of the Miss Ampblef», laughing. "Oh, don't you Bee that we have bilked the bitch," nays Lord Lyttelton, «bowing his watch and run- ning from tbem upstair», where Williams had set out the reading table, &o;, and pnt his master on the yellow night gown, which he always used. Lord Lyttelton then said, ''Make np my five grains of rhubarb «nd peppermint woter and leave me; but, did yon reinem ber to bring roi« enough from London?" I brought none, my lord ; I hive found a baker here at Fpsom that makes them Juttas your lordship like»"-describing bow-and stirring the mixturo as he spoke. " What are you using t" cries my lord, " a toothpick !" " A clean one, indeed, my lord." " You lazy devil-go fetch a spoon directly ;' he did BO ; but beard a noise in the room and hastened back, to find bis master fallen over the table, books and ail. He raised him ; " f-'pe»k to me, my lord-spesk for God's sake, dear my lord." "Ab, tt illiams !" was his last and only «ord. Williams ran down to the dissolute company below, bis watch in bis hand. " Not twelve o'clock yet," be exclaimed, "and dead-dead " They all bore wilnes» that no vio lenco came near the man, and I do think that some judicial process then proclaimed bim-" Dead by the visitation of God." Thic, however, might be my hearing . those words from friend» and acquaintances relating the incident ; but when it was reported twenty years after ?hat l.ord Ly Hell on committed suicide, I knew that was an error, or a fab ¡ty. Of this event, however, few people , ? C'---w f-.i K.,«tl» .«ml I Imtl changed my situa- tion and ass-Ksiate» so completely, that it lay loose in my mind-never forgotten, though' in a manner unrcnum bered. Chance, however, threw me into company of the . gay ond facetious Miles Peter Andrews, with whom «nd Mr. Gratheed'sfimily, and Mrs, Siddons, and Sir Charles 'lotbara, and a long ot cetera, an entertaining day had been passed sometime in the year 1795, if I remember rightly ; and Mrs. Merrick Hoare, a-suming intimacy, said, "Now, dear Mr. Andrews, that the Pigous a-* gone, and everybody is gone but ourselves, do tell my mol her your own story of Lord Lyttel- ton." He hesitated, and 1 pressed him, urging my long 'past acqnaintance with hie lordship'» 'indes-the Bishop and LorcHíTestcote. Ho looked un- easily at me. but I soothed, and Sophia gave him no quarter ; BO with something of an appeal to her that the tale would be a» she had learned from her friends the i'igou-i, and from himself, ho began by saying :-" Lyt- telton and I had lived long enough in gr;at familiarity, and had agreed that whiohever quitted this world first should visit the other. Neither of us being »ink, how- ever, suoh thoughts were at the time of hi» death, poor '«¡low ! furthest from my mind. Lord Lyttleton had asked me to make one of bis mad party to Woodcote or I'itt-place, ii Surrey, on »neb a day, but I wa» engaged to the Pigous yon saw this evening, and could not go. They then lived in Hertfordshire ; I went down thither on the Sunday, and dined with them and their very few, and very sober friends, who went away in tho evening. At eleven o'clock 1 retired to my apartment ; it was hi oad moonlight, and I put ont my candle : when jnst as I seemed dropping asleep, Lord Lyttelton thrust himself between the curtain«, dressed in his own yellow night- gown that be used to read in, and said in a mournful tone, .Ah, Andrews, it'« all over.* 'Oh,' replied I quiokly, 'are yon there, you dog ?' and recollecting there »a» but one door to tbe room, rushed oat at it, locked it, and held the key in my band, codling to the housekeeper and butler, whose voices I beard putting the thing» away, to i ask when Lord Lyttelton arrived, and what trick he was i meditating. The servants made answer with ranch amazement, that no suoh arrival bad taken place ; bnt I assnred them 1 had seen, and spoksn to him, and eonld produce bim, 'for here,' said I, ' ho is ; under faat look and key ' We opened the door, and found no one, hut in twoor three day« heard that be died at that very moment, near Epsom, in Surrey " After a pause, 1 said very seriously to Mr. Andrew», " Were yon qnite sober, sir ?" " As you are now," replied he ; " and i did think 1 saw Lord Lyttelton as 1 now think that I see you." " Did think it, »irt do you now think it ?" " I should roost undoubtedly think it, bnt that «o many people for ao many year» have told me 1 did not »ee him," »aid be. We made a few serious rrfleationa and parted. DEATH or A YOUNO WOIIAN OK HSK WAT TO BE MAKBIBO.-A »ad illustration of the frail tennre of hu- man life, which wa» witnessed in Walbrook on Tuesday, baa excited a paihïul feeling in the neighbourhood. A young woman named liosa Stewart, li.iug with her aunt at 2, Bell-court, adjoining Deacon's Coffee- house Tavern, London, who was to be married that morning at St. Luke's Church, Old-street, left har home for that purpose at nine o'olock. On reaching the entrance to the court, she stopped for a few moments to wait for her annt, who waa to aocompany her to church. Io all appear- ance she was in the fnll glow of health and spirits, ¡-be was drawing on her gloves whilst waiting for her annt, when suddenly she was »ten to reel and fall on the ground. Without loss of time she was carried into the Firemite» of Moasr». il'Clnre, M'Donald, and M'Gregor, itbographer». In this establishment her uncle, Mr. Parker, is engineer, and he was dreadfully shocked by the melancholy ?pootuolo which presented itself to him as »he was brought in Mr. Blenkarne, surgeon, Waa immediately sent for and promptly attended, but only to pronounce life to be eitioat-Mornin¡ etdvertiter. FIANCE AND ENOLAHD, COTTON-HUMTINO-France has beaten us in the production of iron-cUd ships, and is "Mistress of tbe Sea," so far, which poor Britannia was at one time ; and the ii now likely to lead the way in the production of cotton, so as to make herself independent of America. We have reason to believe that an arrangement is now in progress in Pari» to commence the cultivation of cotton on a very large scale in Venezuela, within l8 or 20 days' rup by »team, where the finest description of cotton has been grown and that the well known '. Bolivar estate" has been seleoted for the purpose. It will be recollected this coane ha» been lo g «ince suggested, in England, bnt «lept upon. There i» no doubt of ti e/ peculiar advantages, of the «oil' and olinute for the growth of cotton. Oar neighbours «ee ihe faot, and avail iberaaelvea of it. We poasibl v might, in a year or twoj bnt in the meantime franóe i« likely to bave Veneraban ootton. The siro larity in this ease, Ilka many otben to our mode of drill, i» »ingular. . or soldiers ra tiiceuvre at quiok time, the Freien »t double qniok. Whether tbe tortoise will win the race remain» to be Wtn.-Limitti liability Companiu' Journal, ' 7 Toft TniETEB' LAoon, AID -STUT OAMB-OF IT. (ironj Curiosities of Crime in Edinburgh)-One morning, a gool nnmberof years ago-1847, 1 think, I was going from my house in the Cnnoigate to my du- ties in tho office, at my UBUII hour of eight in the morn-1 ing. I had not irtnoh on my mind on that occasion. In] thin negativo state of mind, irhora should I seo coming op but a well-known personage of tho name of M'Ojaarry, ruth whom, though so woll known to me, I wished much to bo evon more intimate, probably «iib tlio seifi-h view of knowing some of his seoiet ndtentures? It was I "qiute natural 1 should fix my eye cn him, budina«, whilo I had nothing elso to do, lo «as bout upon some- thing. I cm u.iviis toll nu unlucky thiel from n luckt oio-one wKh "speculation in bisiy-i" from one with- out a job in contemplation-one with full fobs from one with empty pockets-one who suspects being scented from one who is on the scent. Their oheerfnlness is the oau-e of tha cheerfulness which is in me, insomuch as it in-tpires mo with the « isti 11 know the particular transac- tion which m kee them happy and homnny others and, whilo their sadn. ss ltnplbs thit I have nothing to discover On that morning, «hen M'Qmirry caine down the Hi^h streot, he was to cheerful that hu did not BOP me. There ?wau i imotMng more than mere bly tlitfMO nenias in the mini clod face, wliioh was a sure pioo! that lie had mudo nomo others unhappy- perhaps even Mr. Blyth, ?whoso shop ho p sscd in a kind of half run, darting hi« ete inside with» kit») of humorous triumph-nnd con- tinuing the same excited pice, he passed ma. lllscn ptrtnor, whoso name I don't recol'rot, but who nasquile familiar to me, was behind Mm some few tatds. He went at the simo puce, h.id the tame look of nviriment, throw iho »ima darling lok into the abor», piased on, Bnd overtook bia fi¡end. Ihungh no!, quito poule to look biok mon joar tiiends, 1 could not re-ist tho impulse, and I just looked in time to seo thom burst ^ out in n, pretty joyous laugh together, anil away they tvontnrm-iu-uriu Iii re nan nothing wrong with Mr Blyth'» «hop, so fur as I could see"; und, after nil, what wts therein a look intoashop to interest me? It might Into be.-n difieren tat i igbt, «ben a li unger is reeonnoi turing for Ibu purpose of a bolt in and a bolt out ; but, independently of its being the morning, the joung men wore otTttith mel ely a lingh on thtir cheek. Yes, butinas satisfied of one thing, and that was, that some gamo of draught» bad been played in that shop 'tho previous ni^'ht "Ah!" thought J, '. tbo little fislifs, when too happy with the light of the sun on . - tho top of the tviters, get tipsy, nnd then topsy-turvy, and, turning up their white bellies so an to bo Been ? . by tho gulls, got both pioked up and gobbled up" ttjlh these thoughts 1 proceeded up the High-street, and entered thn office 'Ibe Captain na» .lready thorej , with a gentleman stani ing by bim-no other than Mr. "~ Blyth, »hose i-hop bad so oooupied my attention in lev walk. "Oh, M'Levj, you're j at in time," said the Cap- tain. "Hero is Mr Blyth with information that his shop has been broken into hint night, and a great quan- tity of Hilka carried off. Call np aomo of tho best searchers, and distribute them in the course of the day among tho brokors. But te can expect nothing for a ' day or two-until the rubber« begin * to give out'" \J "There's no oocssion for CHII ing in any of the mon," said I; "neither is there any occisión for troubling the bookers. 1 know who the robber« aro, and will have -them up in n couple »f hours. Nay, if yon *ait, I will bring them to you." " What," oried the uBtounded silk meroer, "already! You're smoly joking. Have you been up all night ?" " Ko ; in bed all night, sleeping as soundas a bat in «infer.". "Then some policeman haB been on the look out and told you .' "I have not spoken to a polioetnan to-day yet." ¡?Then how, in tho name of wonder, have yon got it?" "Just through the means of a laugh," 1 replied, laughing myself. " Why, \ou »re making a joke of my lots of a bun'ired guineas '" " A isugh is not quito KO ájfkiMelesa a thing as you imagine." " Kell, no doubt yott'ie T famous in your nay, but 1 fear it won't do to apprehend a man for a laugh " " 1 ve djuo it for a breut/i," said I, ? "meiely because it told me thete was nome fear in the breather of his breith being interrupted by noonain kind I*-»of handkerchief which you don't deal in. bit down, and . ¡ygBcijftp-'jqurielf easy." lacooi dingly set to my taBk, goiug ' ' direct to M'Qunrry'd moth.-r, in Humo'.s close; my assist- ant, as usual, with mo. I oponed the dncr and trent in just us lus moilior was Riving him his break- fast. ''Yon didn't notice mo this morning, M Quarry, wheo you passed me at Mr. Myth's door," snid I. The word Blyth struck him to the heart " B'ylh,wha¡H Mr Blyth ?" said tho mother, as «ho looked into her son's pal» faoo, her own being nearly the samooolour. " Why, * blesB you, don't you know the man you bought 1 lioso silk* '" - of, up" in that, hole there?" pointingtothe likiliestplaco. at the «ame moment that 1 observed something like a fringe hanging out from tho crético made bj the shrunk _-, dour. " There's nao silk there," said the mutiler "All V fife," growlo.l tim son. " fliore'.s no use for liny words % about that," said I, placing a chair and mounting. On opening the door ol' the old cupboard, flunk in the wall, there were M>. Myth's so irfa, neckelot'is, and ribands, all stuffed in except that bil of fringe, whieli lind claim«! my eye, and convinced me more mid more that the devil lisa a halt; but at that veri moment tim door of the room burst open, overturning tho oliuir on which 1 stood, und 1 '.ling mi sprawling on mv bick, confounded, but still «bin enmitsfi ta hear tho word» d' tbo ¡utiuder. " bun, M'Quurry; M'Levy's in th-eloe?" "Yea, and lieu," i cried; »tai ting up und seizing the speaker, jual as he had gotalsrmed j no other lut, my friend whose Lug li, along with M'Quarry V, so deligntt-d nie in the morning. "Hie laugh *a on the other aide now," sa d.i. The fellow struggled, but lie was onlv n ?.?.li»... --' ? inca- r^j- --. «i-io "«.'IB t»o to one, h« st'rted upon his feet und 1 'id hold of me by tho throat. 1 instantly obangod hands, seizing the younger and weaker wii ii >., my 1. ft, and, ming the other against M'Qmrry, pulled *ynwav his right, at the same time, getting liol I oi his ne. U \- * oloth, which I pulled so light thal he inatnntly became f«Trpd in the face. I waa afraid of the mut bei, who still held the knife in ber hand with which she had been cutting the bread for her son's breakfast; but the sight of her choking son produced ntcb an ellect upon tier that she eel up a bcteam stifiitient to lench ', the head of the close. 1 he sound had been heard ...by Mulholland, who, hastening up, relieved mo of one of my opponents. "Wo give in," said M'Quarry, ; a» be gasped for breath. " No*, Mr. Blyth, here ara . ' your ailka and the robbers," mid I, as the pii»oi er« weie brought an I the me cry ; "I. is not two hours y et, and ' as tbia affair beg«, willi a laugh, I wish it to terminate \- with uno." A wiall complied willi on the instant by every one exoept the oulpiits. A pretty girl was lately opmplaining to a Quaker fiend that she had a cold, and w>s sadly plagued in her lips by chapa. " Friend," aaid Ubadia'b, " theo should never aulfer the chaps to com3 near tby lips " 