DR. C AH ILL ON CHRISTIAN FAITH THE GREATEST GIFT OF GOD TO MAN, At 8 o'clock on Sunday evening, the 3rd Nov., Dr. Cahill delivered a very eloquent, logical and impressive discourse on Christian Faith, in St. Joseph's Church, Sixth Avenue, New York, on , behalf of the members of St. Vincent de Paul's Society. In the sanctuary were some members of the Society and a great number of the New York clergy, among whom we noticed the Revs. Thomas Farrel, Pastor of St. Joseph's; J. P. Nobriga, Wm, Quin, P. McCarthy, W. H. Neligan, A. Donnelly, E. Murphy, P. Venuts*, P. Egan, and ? Daly, St. Mary's. The Church was crowded to excess by a very respectable audience. After Mrs. Martmez had elegantly sung an Ave Maria, composed by the organist, Hods. Martinez, the Dootor began by compli menting the lady on the charms of her sacred eloquence, as well as the marked improvement . therein since be bad last beard her. He opened bis discourse with the text ' Go forth and teach all nations,' and ' Without Faith it is impossible to please God.' The latter text might not be believed were it uttered by an essayist or orator, but as* it is the language of the Holy Ghost we are bound to believe it. The Rev. preacher then showed how man is immortal from knowing and loving God of bis own free will and choice. He is in the chain of God's virtues and is, as it were, one of his family. At the very momei' t of his creation he received a law from God, without which be would have been a brute. That law was not the Decalogue; for Eve was not yet created, and Adam would be scandalized if God said to him : 'lam the Lord, &c.; ; Do not take any name in vain ; Keep holy the Sabbath ; Honor thy Father, &c;, &c.; Adam could know no other God ; could not take the Lord's name in vain ; every day was b^ly with him ; he had no father; he could not kill; and so tbe Doctor went on to show that the commandment given to Adam was obedience — he was *o fast, to mortify himself, to abstain from the apple. This was typical of Christ's fast before He began His mis sion. The Doctor then showed tbe futility of the arguments of those who say that God. could not impose such beavy penalties on tbe human race for such a trifle as an apple. Adam did all that he could do He broke the only commandment he got. And as all mankind hung from God by one chain, tbe uppermost link of which snapped, so all were involved in the fall. He next proceeded to show bow the Man-God redeemed our fallen nature, and imposed on us the condition of Faith and tbe fulfilment of tbe com mandments. Faith, the gift of God, though es sential, is not the only thing necessary, tor 1st Paul says : ' Faith without £(-od works is dead.' He dwelt with much force on the unify of Faith, and tbe astonishing fact that all have nut the same Faith from the same father. The philosopher makes a religion for himself, tbe sinner scuts out the gr.ioe of God-— neither has Faith. The athletic »ad still vigorous mind of tbe Doctor then went, to show how little reason bad to do with reli gion except in merely pointing out the Church. Bey.inii that we may look upon them with the eye oi fc\»ith. It is only through Faitb that we understand all tbe mysteries connected with tbe life and death of Christ. . He would advise fathers and motbers to train their children to Faith. He would thank the \ audience for their kindness in coming in such. I numbers to aid the St. Vincent de Paul's Society, : who are scattered far and wide over the whole earth, doing good in tbe desert as well as in the \- narrow lanes and damp cellars of the crowded city, while tbe angels are following in tbeir | footprints. He again thanked the audience, and concluded his instructive sermon, which was only t one- third nf what ha had to say on that glorious . topic, »t half-part nine. '[ ?j ? v 