REMARKABLE APPARITIONS, Whatever may. be thought in the present day concerning the reality of spectres and ap paritions, it is certain that there were many who firmly believed that they had been visited by beings of a supernatural world, or that they had seen the spirits of departed relatives and friends. One of the best authenticated of these stories is that of Nicolai, an author and bookseller of Berlin. In the autnmn of the year 1790, he tells us that he had been afflicted with an -uninterrupted series of mis. fortunes, which had the effect of casting him into very low spirits. At length he fell ill, and one morning, while his wife and mother were in the room, he saw at a short distance from the bed, a form like that of a friend he had lost. He asked his wife to look at it, but she saw nothing, and endeavored to allay his agitation. At four o'clock in the afternoon of the same day the figure again ap. peared to him. He endeavored to convince himself that he was laboring under some delusion, occasioned by his weak health, but in a short time numerous other phantoms, " sometimes resembling acquaintances, but mostly strangers," surrounded his bed. " I could," writes Nicolai, "distinguish beiween phantoms and real objects, and the calmness with which I examined them, enabled me to avoid the commission of the smallest mistake. I knew exactl}' when it only appeared to nie, that the door was opening, and a phantom entering the door, and when it actually opened, and a real "person entered." For a long time Nicolai was haunted by these apparitions, not only in his own house, but when he visited friends. They were generally walking, took no notice of each other, although the room was sometimes full of them, and they moved " as in a market-place, where all are eager to pass through the crowd." Some had a pleasing appearance, and none were disgusting or terrifying in aspect. Nicolai heard them talk occasionally, though all he says on that subject is that " their speeches were commonly short, and never of an unpleasant turn." After this state had continued some time it was decided to bleed the patient, and while the operation was being performed Nicolai fancied that he saw the chamber crowded with his shadowy guests. Gradually they vanished into air, and the bookseller was free. At a subsequent period of his life he tells us that he experienced a " sensation as if the phantoms were going to reappear," kit he saw nothing. Nothing can be clearer than that a bad state of health had conjured up the spectres, and that they were exorcised by means of a few leeches. Another extraordinary story is told of a commission which was appointed after the execution of Charles I., to survey the king's house at Woodstock. One night, when all the doors were securely fastened, a great black dog entered the room where they sat, " made a dreadful howling, overturned two or three chairs, aud vanished under the bed." While wondering at this occurrence they heard the furniture being thrown about the king's presence chamber, and the following morning they found the minutes of their transactions torn to pieces, and the .ink-glass broken. In the night some of the beds were tilted up so high that the occupants began to think their necks wonld be broken, and then they were let suddenly down with such force as to shake the very windows and ceilings. Bed-clothes were stripped off, candles extinguished, and all kinds of unearthly noises were heard. Huge stones were thrown into the bed-rooms during the night, cannon seemed to be fired off, and Dr. Plot, in his History of Oxfordshire, states that this spectral cannonading was heard sixteen miles round the country. The Commissioners were thoroughly terrified by this time, and their horror was increased on the night of the 1st of November, when burning logs of wood were tossed into their beds, pailfuls of " green, stinking water were thrown into the room," the furniture was shattered and broken, cannon thundered in their ears, " like the broadsides of a ship of war," and not only the commissioners, but every one in the neighborhood, were frightened beyond measure. Cromwell's agents could stand it no longer—they left the house, and could never again be prevailed upon to return. All these "signs and wonders" were caused, it was afterwards discovered, by the ingenuity of the commissioners' own secretary—one Joseph Collins. He knew all the trap-doors and secret passages in the house, and, with the aid of his fellow-servants, performed all the tricks that had so alarmed the commissioners. But to this day there are some in Oxfordshire who believe piously that after Sing Charles's death, ghosts haunted die house at Woodstock, and would have killed the commissioners had they not retreated. A pamphlet, published in 1799, relates the story of a lady who, when lying ill, was visited by the apparition of a female relative, and heard her say, " Mv dea», you will recover from this fit of sickness, but you will most certainly die the day you are twentyseven years old." Four years afterwards the lady reached the age indicated, and her husband assembled a party to try and divert her thoughts from the " warning she hajd received. Her friends did. all that lay in their power to cheer her, hut they had not left the house many minutes before she was seized with a fit and expired—no doubt from sheer exhaustion and apprehension. . The anecdote of Professor Baumgarten has often been referred to. One day, while sitting at his study window, at Berlin, he saw a funeral procession coming down the street, attended by mourners who were his intimate friends. When the coffin came beneath the window, he read his own name and age on the plate. He -wrote Ms will directly, and the same evening died in a fit of apoplexy—the same causes, doubtless, having been at work in his case as in that of Nicolai. THE LATE LORD CAMPBELL.—When he was appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland, in 1841, and made a 'peer, old "Sergeant Spankie, while sitting in the Common Pleas, was addressed by a brother lawer, also connected in early life with the pres, who remarked, " Well, Spankie, I always said that if Campbell had taken to dancing he would have been the Dieu de la danse; he would have, like Vestris the elder distanced all rivalry, and, as Vestris himself said, 4 Jenmyera.it dans t air faute de compagnie.'" " I know not how that might have been," rejoined Spankie, "but this I swear to you, that, had Campbell been a dancer either at the Queen's Theatre or any other house, hejwould, whether he was the best or the worst dancer, have secured the largest eolomr" salary." The m/i/ mot is exqninite and 3 paints • . a character finely in one delicate touch. 