THE EMPLOYMENT OF WOMEN. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I read your article referring to Miss Bye's suggestion to bring a fresh importation of educated unmarried women to this place, and agree with you that they are not at present wanted, To believe, report, there are very many respectable women of all classes here destitute of home and means. Would it not be possible to ameliorate their condition by the establishment of an institution similar to that in London, called the Society for Promoting the Em ploymont of Women, of which Lord Shaftesbury is the president, and which under proper or- ganization could in time be made self-support- ing ? If every lady would subscribe according to her means, a house for the purpose could soon, be provided ; and if every merchant and well-to do shopkeeper contributed one article from his warehouse, (accompanied, where inclination prompted, by a donation,) the first difficulty would be overcome. There would be many more to meet. One class of women, as in London, would not at the first onset be sufficient to support a like establishment here. These might be divided, should the institu- tion - prosper. Daily governesses, and indeed all respectable females engaged during the day, who now expend almost their whole salary upon the necessaries of life, would be enabled to board at a very cheap rate. For these separate apartments should be provided. Of course a matron and servants would be needed (selected from the unemployed), and sewing-machines re- quired - for needlework must be done very cheaply; thus meeting the wants of many ladies, who would be glad, at the same time, to assist the charity. Why so much outcry about the "social evil" when a little might thus be attempted towards rescuing some who only want a helping hand ? I dare say a charitable doctor might be found who would (say for the first six months) give his services gratuitously. There should be no sectarian distinction. I doubt not that some benevolent clergymen would be happy to devote a few hours occasionally to reading and conversing with the inmates. Is this asking too much of the public, who have always been ready to meet every real call upon their assistance ? This is a very crude notion of my own. I offer it to bring forward the suggestions of those who know more of such matters than I. I feel I am trespassing too much upon your valuable time and space, and shall only add, that my £1 is ready, with my trifling assistance, should they be re- quired, for this purpose. I remain, Sir, yours obediently, C A. Moonee Ponds, July 4. ATTEMPTED STICKIHG-TJP.-We seem to ba particularly favoured with *' stickinc- up" adven- tures' lately, and begin to think Maryborough znuBt; be haunted with the genius of Gardinor, or that the ghost of Dick Turpin or Mr. Jeremiah Abashaw has taken a moonlight fly to " our antipodes," as wo aro called at home in all the after-dinner speeches about Australia. Mr. Hancock, our volunteer drill-instructor, waa on Tuesday evening returning from Carisbrook to "Maryborough, When about a mile and a half from home, a tall stout man, in dark clothes, darted from behind a bush, and ordered him to " Stop !" on which Mr. Hancock naturally roplied, " he would rather not, as he was in a hurry." and proceeded to prove his assertion, after hearing an catii and a threat from tho intruder on his path, by running ofl as fast as could, followed by the man; but Mr. Hancock's training waa too good for the stout stranger, and ho fairly outran him. Before Teaching home, a man on horseback-a Mr, Row, we understand-rode up in the same direction, and he also complained of a man, answering the same description, having attempted to soizo the Iridio of his horse, ordering him to " Stand 1" 'whereupon he plied whip and spur, and made for the town. There certainly havo been three or four Btrange-looking men hovering about the placo, upon whom tho police have had a vigilant eye ; and, coupled with recent events, it' Is not improbable that a gang of fellows who would lather steal than work may be in the neighbour- hood.-.ilföi'jior'otisft Advertiser, July" i, THE MURDEH OF A BLACK AT MIA MU. Yesterday the two mon, Simms and Nixon, who stand charged with mutdering Buokley, at Mia Mia Flat, on Sunday last, were formally brought , before the Talbot Bench and remanded to Mon- day next, pending tho conclusion of tho coroner's inqneet. Since Monday Detective Lloyd and Senior-constable Boyle have been actively pur- suing their investigations for additional evi- dence, and wo understand with success, new factBhaving como to their knowledge within the last day or- two which are expected to throw a stronger light upon the case than it has lithertoprcrcntcd. OaWodnesdny morning Detec- tive Lloyd proceeded to Melbourne, taking with him the garments of Simms, and other materials, all bearing evident marka of blood, Theso will he subjected to analyses by Dr. Macadam. Meanwhilo the prisonors remain in custody, one at tho Sub-treasury, and the other in tho poiico camp. Yesterday, in tho Police-court," Mounted constable Bennett, after corroborating tho evi- dence of Lloyd at tho inquest, slated that ho overheard Nixon Bay to Simms that it was a bad job the blackfellow was killed, as there would bo a row about it ; to which Simms carelessly replied, that he did not seo why the blackfellow should not be got out of the way as well as any- one else.-Talbot Leader, July 4. GOLD DEPOSITS.—In accordance with a de- partmental order, all deposits at the various Sub- treasuries remaining unclaimed were forwarded to Melbourne on the 1st inst. per escort. To obtain them now the owners will have to make application in Melbourne. With reference to the deposits forwarded to town from the Talbot Sub- treasury, we have gathered the following infor- mation. The first in the list is Edward Ryan, formerly a policeman in this district, who de- posited on the 7th June, 1856, a bag containing various documents of the value of £20. Shortly afterwards he enlisted in the 40th Regiment, iand was drafted with it to New Zealand, when the war with the natives commenced. In an engagement that took place he was killed. The next on the list is a Joseph Darvill, who, on the 16th January, 1860, deposited £170 in cash, and on the 25th July of the same year, £65, at the Treasury. We believe Mr. Darvill is still in the district. The next is a William O'Connell, who, on the 28th August, 1861, previous to his departure for New Zealand, deposited 6oz. 10dwt. of gold and a number of title deeds at the Treasury ; and the last is a William Ash, who, on the 22nd October, 1861, deposited 1oz, 10dwt. of gold, and £4 in cash, in the Treasury. Ash is now in New Zea- land.— Talbot Leader, July 4 LATEST FHOM THE JOKDAN.-Mr. Campbell i eturned last evening from the Jordan. He says (bat a new ruBli has been made to the AUet leldy, en which there are now about" 100 weil digging end prospecting. Tho river 5s not nbpio uxly .miles from Sole, on tho line -of Campbell's track, -nether rush has also taken place bolo» tho junction of the Jordan with tha Thomson, about twenty miles nearer Sala- then Jericho ; Cut itho difficulty of getting rations id much against the miners, whose prospecta are otherwise f ocd, Mr. Gnmpboll reports tho diggers arc all c cleg nell on the Jordan. At present wo know ' no bing of Mr. Campbell's track, but we see by en advertisement in our columna of to-day, that Mr. Clark, of the-Boyal Exchango,'Intends etaiting a coaoh by that track as far as Town gabble, of the capabilities of which we will give a moro extended notice next week,-Gipps ¿anti Tima, July 4. 