AN ARCH1TE0T. There is an excellent story on record, of an architect repudiating any connection with the building fraternity, in the case of the late eminent and talented Mr. Alexan der, the architect of Rochester Bridge, and several other fiue buildings in the county of Kent. He was undercross-exumiiiation. in a special jury cause at Maidstone, by Sergeant — afterwards baron — Garron, who wished to detract tho we.ght- of his testi mony, and who after uskiag him what was his uame, proceeded thus : — You are n builder, I beliovc ? No sir — lam no* « 'rH.ler — I am not a builder — I am an architooU Ah, well! ! AroliittuL in- uuilder, buildor or architect, they are much tho same, I sup posed I beg your pardon, sir — { cannot admit that ; 1 consider them to he ' -totally different. Oh, indeed, perhaps you will state where in the difference exists ? An architect, 6ir, prepares the plans, con ceives the designs, draws out the specilica tians — in short, supplies tho miud. The builders is merely the bricklayer carpen ter ; 'the builder, in fact, is the machine — the arohitect the power that puts the machine together and sets it going. Oh, very well, Mr. Architect — that will do ! And now after your very ingenious distinction without a difference, perhaps you can inform the court who was the architect ot the Tow«r of Babel ? (And now mark the reply, which for promptness and wit, is perhaps not to be rivalled in the whole history of rejoinder) : Tehie was no architect) sir, and hence the confusion; — Hev. J. Jessop. Ghost: Seeing ATBunv St. Edmunds.. ~A correspondent, under tho signature of ' Veritiis/' in a letter to tho Editor of Bury and Norwich Post, makes the following statement on' a subject which is exciting some discussion among tho credulous and incredulous of that localty : — ' On the night. of the|24th of- February, Ienterod the Botanic Gardens at about 10 minutes before I ( in order to secure a favourable position, by the time the clock should strike the appointed hour. The spot I chose was among the shrubs close to the west end of what is called the 'hill. 1 heard tho noisy mob in tho church yard, and rather afruid lest tho apparition should bo frightened away by the tumult they occasioned. But it was not so ; precisely at 1 1 o'clock, I perceived two tall figures in whito from top to too issued from the ruins near tho ab bot's parlour, and glide with noiseless foot steps, in the direction of the puth which leads to the icon gate. Almost irnmjdiiitely afterwards I heard the shouts of tho uiob confirm my own impression, nnd testify that what I had seen was not merely the crea tion of my own prejudiced imagination. After a short interval, the figures returned, and retraced their stops across tho gross to wards the grass whence they had first ap peared, where they wero lost in the shades of night. This, Sir, is a true and unvar nished account of what 1 saw in tho Abby Grounds last nighti Of course no. ouo will give the slightest credence to it, but! think I have as good a claim to be believed bb ? Common JSense' nnd his four friends. Not that 'I want to impugn their veracity but I strongly suspect UiAt, '.in spite of their united strength of mind and body, their perambulations ' word ? more limited than they would have the public to ima gine. It, is just possible that at 11 o'olook 'thoy were uot near tho, part where tho #1)6^8. appeared, and so tuitrsed a eight jwhicli gave much, satisftiotion to me.'1 The following note is appended, but whether by Ihe oditoror lite- correspondent does not aprieaf :-r-' One .of the oldest members of Me constabulary force is ready to add his leHtimony to tho fact assorted aboye/baving as he overs, Jfe'en the . npp nritions exactly in the time arid pldco specified/ wbile,jfsi.mT( ,sol- in th«.#! Broudrwalkf of thp,A'bby.ga.r.-v ii«n-K ' ' .-??????„??'? ??:r-- ? 