-ALLEQBD-FAOTS. THE author of. ono of those essays, full of hi «»nd original thought on stiff subjects, wh: form so curious a slice) in the pudding of -1 Cornhill Magasine, has lately started a subj which is full of interest in itself and of great i portance at this particular time. He asks w «ii; should or should not believe in the stor we hear of spirit-rapping. Any one who tal the troublé to reflect on this question for f minutes will find it full of difficulty. It is 01 a part of the larger question-What alles facts are we to receive, when there is an imp: bability, as it seems to us, in their being tru We are insensibly determining,, every^ d questions -involving some amount of imp bábility, and we feel various degrees of ' hesi tion according'.' to . .the//difference' 'in' 'degi of the improbability ; but it requires some lit attention, to what is-going on. in our minds order to form a notion of what these degrees hesitation and improbability aro. If we did t permit ourselves/ to accept a certain amount improbability on very simple evidence, we cou not get on at all ia(daily life;[andour confusi would be equally, great if we did not allow certain amount of improbability to keep o belief in suspense, or even tb prbduce disbeli But we soon come upon cases which are not easily disposed of., ¡In the same number of t Cornhill, for example, we find a stateme made by the publishers to "the eff« that the circulation of that periodical is, on i average, more than eighty thousand. Tb statement -is - inserted . in .answer to a rema made ia some other periodical, that it waa ve improbable that a magaziae had any circuí ati< approaching such a figure. , Here the imprbl bility may be said to be at cnce got rid of by tl evidence. We know that it is in the higbe degree unlikely that publishers holding the poi tion of Messrs. Smith and Elder would tell deliberate falsehood in print, and therefore the statement is accepted at once as ' deciding, tl point In issue. An , allegation has : value of its own, simply- because it is allege The case would be different, of course, if tl allegation were a matter of business. We ( not. believe the stories of enormous'; gooseberri and Bbowers of frogs which figure in count newspapers, because we know that they à merely put in to fill up space.' But if we d not know this, we should not hesitate about tl stories themselves,' because the facts allegt are within /thé limits of the marvellous wi which we ; àrèr, familiar, Supposing, howéve the fact alleged was that a shower of frogs,, he fallen in France, ani that'the, frogs were mark« with' a tricolor pattern. ' Here we get aq -amoui \oPt improbability that, ' is ' startling.1 ' ;'TI mere, allegation would ~ go for nothing.. But v should be prepared to ¡hear evidence about i î If a gréât many eminent naturalists said th the frogs were marked in this way, we shoul believe them. Thia, brings us to the final staj of' improbability*. Supposing' six ; persons '< good'-reputation, and accustomed to examii facts scientifically, agree in asserting they saw. table rise to the ceiling under circumstances pn duding the possibility of imposture,\are~ we 1 believe them or not ?. Arid if we' believe then are we also to believe that spirits have been tl motive cause?',-r~ -,. rv. " '' ' We mûrit -carefully distinguish 'between fail and theories about" them. Spirit- rapping 'i only a thöofy to account for- certain /allege facts. A chair may go - up .to the. ceiling, but i does not'follow that spirits move it. A noia is heard.under, a table, and this noise is repeat ec There is a puccpasion pf, raps,, r,This, howevei does not bring us nearer spirits than one ra would do.- But then the /alleged;facts do nc stop here. It is said'that these'raps succee each - other - in such - a -way that they are foun exactly to 1 accord with the- hypoihesi that these . successive ..numbers., represen letters of ; the alphabet ret together so, as t make' English words. * 'Farther/ that' tbé^timt interposed between the periods at wlnoa the; occur is the same time,which would be necessar; to'elapso if .the words were answers .to'quesvions which are asked as à matter of fact by theexhi bitors. Lastly, there is a certain degree o relevancy between the answer and the question That this relevancy is very great or uniform th« spirit-rappers scarcely pretend ; but they alleg) there ia i sufficient degree of relevancy tc connect the question and the answer. The hypo thesis, is that a mind acting in the same way at a human mind is at work, and that this mind is the cause - of the noise heard. This hypo- thesis involves two improbabilities-first, thal there are minds like human minds,; but not belonging to living men, which communicate with the minds of living men ; and, secondly, that matter *cáñ' he "âctebV'ori;" s'o"*lnät ,nöise is produced,'by a mind or spirit. [ The question is whether, the facts being admitted, thèse im- probabilities are so great that the hypothesis ought fairly to be rejected. Experience is the sole reason why we con- sider either of these improbabilities as existing. We cannot say that there is any antecedent unlikeli- hood that spirits, or minds resembling human minds, would communicate with man. In order to communicate, they must be like human minds. If we have evidence of anything, we have evidence that the human ' mind is not capable of imagining or of embracing anything that is not of the. same kind as that which exists in the human mind. But why should there not be minds like oar own, or having the power of assimilating themselves to ours, which should communicate with us ? If the minds of deceased men exist, there are such minds, and thèse minds might surely act on our, minds. To do so, however, they must either act by a method purely and consciously mental, J or by a method apparently external to our minds, or by a method really external. That is, we must either have the thought come into our minds that other minds are acting on us, or there must b& on appearance deluding our senses and projected from the mind itself, or lastly, there must he something external which, our senses can detect. It seems to be admitted that, in the first two cases, the mind would be incapable of detecting, whether the impression produced on it was produced by the action of another mjnd, "or came from the mind itself. We could never verify the hypothesis that another mind-was-at work ^because all- the facts would exaotly correspond with' thosp 'that .would result if our mind- itself were alarie !at work. Therefore, the only cases in whictTj the question of the action of other. :minds ' on" our minds U fairly raised are those in' which it - is supposed that something is submitted tO'=ou*f senses., '.There\%ir.either something' rseen or something heardl' ' When the thing is seen, as I it most take somiahaçe, me need not; t*^ Van [prised it should takejtbe shape'a ¡man,fárj appear as what is usually called a ghost. >If it heard, it may as well be a succession ôf-Oraps i anything else. "Ifmighr.-however, be objected that, as ever thing submitted to our senses is material, thet .appearances, mostbe material-:he ghost mu displace a certain amount of air, the raps md impel the Vibrations of sobn'd-and that we h ai no other instance in which a spirit or mind ni embodied can exercise an influencie over matte A man raps with his .hand.. What does tl spirit rap with ? If a ghost occupies a certál amount,of space, where does the occripylt milter come from, and where does it gb tc There is great weight in this objection. For * are justified by a very wide induction in say it that the world bf things ia so constructed th; nothing stands isolated, and that there is a ce tain congruity and similarity between all phen mena. Matter coming and going in this way kt variance with an experience that may I called almost universal; But, as it happens, 01 experience ia not quite universal. There is or piece of experience-one fact that, though m submitted Vas a fact to our sense is ' accepted, as the necessary cons qUenca pf other admitted sensual facts;, an this fact' presents exactly the same difficulty as the bodjly appearance of ghosts and th raps of the spirits. The majority of scient if men think,'quite apart from what they lear from revelation,', that the species of the anim ; kingdom baye been, created by single pairs i distinct periods of time. Let us set before or. mind exaotly what ' must have happened. W know frbm~geölögy that iiéw apeóles have bee created when there was a surface pf 'the /cart something like that we see now. Let us, fe example, suppose a racoon the animal creitec and a grass field the scene of creation. Th two parent racoons must have com into » the fi aid . or arisen from it exictl as the ghost is supposed to come into room. They must suddenly have displaced certain amPunt of air, and pressed with a certa*: weight on the soil. They must have had a bc ginning answering in every respect'to the ir coming of the ghost. Matter must have been ss in motion or acted on by something nc material. The more we consider the point, th moré we shall seo that this creation of ne< species is,' in ifs relation to what we know c the.laws,of matter, exactly like the bodily prc sen ce of the ghost or -the setting in motion c the waves ol sound by the raps. 1 Although, however, the preliminary objectioi to- the-hypothesis of the actioni of spirits) 01 matter may not be fatal/great force is ordfnaril; felt to' reside in the objection drawn from th consequences of admitting the ' hypothesis The,author of the article in the Cornhill dwell much pñ this. He says that if spirits mov roBitef, and. move it in such a way ás to over come material obstacles, and yet to imitate tb disposition of matter by human beings to whon these .obstacles wèré not presented, there wi) be an end of all certainty in human transactions If wev lose our watch . and immediatel; find,, it "in a stroriger's pocket," wi conclude this person has stolen it. But i spirits .ara, once proved to .move watchei about, ' how can we be certain it was not t spirit that moved the watch, in this case, fron our pocket into' that of, tho supposed thief : Sometimes the fact that the consequences anti oipated do not follow from the alleged facts, ii used as an argument against the truth of thest alleged facts..For example,clairvoyance is deniec because it is assumed that a clairvoyant, if hi possessed ¡he faculty at all, could read thc number of a particular bank note, and it hat beera proved that this cannot, be done. If thc note could be read, obviously there could be nc such things as written secrets in the world, anti so1 a'/great shock ' would be- given tc our confidence in the; ordinary working : ol society.! '.'Human life'would: be quite altcrec if notes were moved into pockets by spirits", and all' secrets 'were discovered by . clairvoyants, That thia argument baa great weight, js^ indis- putable.! But it may. be observed that all tales of'the marvellous which have any: pretension ! tc credibility hayo this feature in common, that they really.'leave Ihuman.life as they found it ilt' might have .happened, that things simply monstrous would .have boen attested by that kind'of jprima'/acíí evidence which must'exist before we take the trouble to examine into the truth of alleged wonders. AB a matter ol fact, this is not so. The clairvoyant and the spirit-rapper confessedly do nothing that alters human life.* ' Ghosts make no real dif- ference. They are avowedly somehow kept within limits whioh prevent their disorganising society. , All the. consequences supposed to be' probable that would threaten . to alter human- life are practically avoided. If a chair i goes to the 'ceiling; why should not St. Paul's'go up like a balloon? To say that the former, makes no difference to us, while the latter would make life in London, impossible, offers no real account of .the matter,, but it brings the supposed fact into accordance with a great number of other facts in so far as they have .thia feafure in common, that somehow I human -life is not disturbed. _. .A person who I heard for. the first time of steam, electricity^ and' magnetism, might suppose that the application of these forces would revolutionise' the world. Practically, we find'that the way;the world goes on is substantially the same as' before the existence -of ' these: forces wai sus- pected.; jThat spirits should move matter, and jet neverjmpvelitjpjs to alter the relations in-whioh men-Staad to each i. other . in, ordinary Ufé, may be an illogical assumption, but it is not one-.that is wholly: destitute of 'support from 'analogy.- .'.-'? .It so happens, however, that the hypothesis of the action of spirits on matter is open to a peculiar and a most grave objection. The his-1 tory of mankind shows that this is an hypothesis to which men in every age have freely resorted -that, the greater the ignorance, the greater ia the proneness to adopt it-and that, in a vast number of instances, it has been proved to be absurd and has been abandoned. Mythology, and especially Greek mythology, was nothing but the lavish employment of this hypothesis. Every part of matter, every conspicuous object, every conspicuous force, was supposed to owe it? : origin and ita coûtmïïancé"* to a separate being, like a man, only invisible. Apollo guided the sun. Flora brought the flowers. Ceres gave"'' thé crops. In the middle ages, every, curious, configuration of rocks was the Dévil's Dyke or Punchbowl. ? Fairies made the ringa on the grass. Witches and- wizirds summoned.the" storm and the thunder-cloud. The history of burban progresé ÍÍSB been'the history of the aban- donment of all such sup.posed'mterventions."' le- is now, said that we have a** new set bf facts':pr6- ; vipusly unknown, and immediately the old bj po- ' thesis is1 revived,' arid it;is "supposed that these facts must bef, produced, by tho agency of man- like spirits.- 'As expérience has shown us that [. this hypothesis ia always the first impalf« of ignorance, we may reasonably be on oar guard against it. And it so happens that there ii in the hypothesis of spirit-rapping a prodigality cf the supposed intervention of spirits whiehhaaa parallel- in the prolific -fertility of mvtholegy and only there. If the manifestations ate not quite what was expected, the theory is Bet un that one set of spirits are pulling ona way, and another set another way. A whole set " bf spirits has" even been invented wingo- one task is supposed to be that of annoying-anj tricking otb'r^ spirits. Under another shape we have again the gods that favour Troy fighting' against those that favour Greece, the bad and tia gdöd;fairies~the friendly and unfriendly ras«, ciansof the middle ages and of the East. hypothesis 'that repeat.3 a..familiar error in aa aggravated but still familiar form roust - indeed* be strong-y supported by facts to be admitted ii credible... 'Still, we may perhaps acknowledge ' that ila hypothesis on which 7 spirit- rapping rests is'' not "one that: i.'fwe.-. can - reject,'with, but . inquiry. .,' It; ! is " ; not ' , abBolntety no. supported "or' inoredible.; 'And, this is worth, noiieing,V; beBause'iräH'^alleged facts, when -alleged-on-the basis- of-evidence that is not per. fectly contemptible, are arranged instinctively on some hypothesis which is not wholly absurd for the reason that these alleged facts are them! selves, as we have said, subject to the limitation that they do not seriously disturb human life; and, therefore, no hypothesis travelling oat of what the mind oan connect wi.h human life ii necessary. And if the facts are established, wa must arrange them on the best hypothesis we can, unless we are content to own that no credible hypothesis can be farmed. Mor ought we to reject any sensual facts whatever, if sup- ported by good evidence. We want, in tbs case of a very unusual and new phenomenon, to get evidence which will exclude the hypotheses of imposture and unconscious Bell-deception. But, if these are excluded;-we must not hesitate to trust our senses, or the senses of tbo3e whose evidence would, according to the general results of human experience, be considered satisfactory. We cannot exactly lay, down rules as to what must be tho amount and kind of evidence, but we can immediately picture to ourselves what evidence would reasonably satisfy us. Supposing Professors Faraday, Owen, and Tyndall were to state , that, under circumstances which to their minds excluded the possibility of a trick, on several occasions, all of them being present at the, same time, they had seen a chair mount up to tho ceiling, or had heard raps in'¡¡uc cession, answering: to letters of the alphabet arranged in ' English words, to doubt theiact would be as great a bios' to the confiJénoa necessary for human transactions aa to suppose that spirits take "watches óut'bf one pockot and put them, into another. If the facts «ere ad- mitted, the hypothesis accounting for them br the intervention of. spirits would be worth examining; although its long connection with, the history of burban error would make it one el the last we should admit. -, At present, however; there are no facts in spirit-rapping to go apon, The most that can be said is that facts.ara alleged in a way and of a kind that make it a curious point to know what the true facts really are. No man of scientific reputation, or accustomed to examine legal evidence,'everiaw a chair mount, or heard raps, under circum- stances that, to bis satisfaction and that of other persons similarly trained, exc/ndsd tba possibility of imposture or illusion, Until tail happens, we, may reasonably leave spirit-rapping out of all serious calculation.-Saturday fUriw, May 10._. 