LANDSBOROUGH^ EXPLORING EXPE DITION: * i A public meeting for the purpose of considering, what steps should be taken to do honor to Mr Landsborough on bis return from s -successful ex ploration of Hie interior, was held at the Mechanics' Institute, Melbourne, on Friday afternoon, at three o'clock. There were about 400 persons present, in cluding a number of the most influential citizens. - The chair was taken by tue Mayor, Mr Bennett, M.L.A., who opened the proceedings by reading the réquisition addressed to bim asking him to call the meeting together, with his reply. 'Xhe Chairman then called on Mr Mathew Hervey to m«vé the first resolution. The Hon. Mathew Hervey, MX C., said that fae might be permitted, in the'first place, to notice a paragraph which bad appeared in the -Argut with respect to the journal of Mr Landsborough, and to «tate that that journal was now in the hands of the Sur veyor - General, for the parpóse of mapping the route. He had no doubt that - it would be in the possession of the Boyal Society by I.Monday next, when it 'would .tie handed ; to the press for publication. Certain objections bad been taken to some of Mr Landsborough'* proceed ings in that be did not take farther measures, to follow ap the track of the lamented Barke and Wills. But he believed that a perusal of the journal would satisfy every candid mind that Mr Landsborough had taken the wisest course, and had brought a great and splendid undertaking to a successful issac, and that the thanks of the whole community were justly due to him. Confident ia bis knowledge and experience as a bushman, he had undertaken the expedition, and in accordance with the wishes of the Queensland Government he had undertaken the ex dedition at a moment's notice and without the slightest hesitation and a total disregard of .any per sonal inconvenience. He had prosecuted his re searches ander many great disadvantages and draw backs, commencing from the time when the number of his horses was so seriously reduced - by the loss of the Firefly. After a delay, of three weeks on that account he had strack oat a route to the south-west, and accomplished a nine weeks' journey through country hitherto utterly unknown. He thea returned and found that daring his absence Walker had reached the Albert River. Captain Norman at that time did his utmost to dissuade "him from farther researches ia the ill-provided state of his party. He (Captain Norman) almost imposed a command upon him that he should make no farther researches, bat - Mr Landsborough said that rather than not proceed with his undertaking he would go oat wirb, DO rations at all (cheers). He (Mr Hervey) mentioned this because he was Eure that from the peculiar modesty of Mr Landsborough's charac ter", it would never have been known if he (Mr Hervey) had not mentioned the circumstance as it bad been communicated to him as a private friend. After a three weeks' spell there, Mr Landsborough started a second time in a south-easterly direction. The horses were in a fair condition, but with a very scanty supply of provisions, the whole allowance for an expedition of three and a half months' duration being 7 lbs of flour and 3 lbs of meat per week per man, no tea, and only 40 lbs of sugar in all.' On making the Flinders River he found that all traces both of Burke and Wills' track, and that of Walker had been completely obliterated by the heavy tropical rains what had fallen a short time before. He felt himself then left to act as his own judgment, and in his (Mr Hervey's) opinion he had done wisely in exploring the country east ward of the-track of Burke and Wills and opening up the country in that direction. He (the speaker) knew that a certain portibn of the public and even of the press had spoken in disparaging terms of Mr Landsborough's expedition from that point, but the result most be regarded as peculiarly satisfactory to us. It had opened up a large extent of country for pastoral settlement, and he had no doubt tbat advantage would be taken of the new discoveries by a number of young men who would be attracted from England. He would conclude by moving the following resolution, which had been placed in his hands:-''That this meeting congratulates Mr Landsborough on his safe arrival amongst a?, and is of opinion that his services as an explorer are en titled to public recognition." Mr W. Lockhart Morton, in seconding the reso lution, said that he did so with the greater pleasure on account of having met Mr Landsborough in Queensland a short time prior to his having dis tinguished himself by his expedition. He would remedy an omission in the speech of the mover of the résolution by expressing aa opinion that the country opened op by by Mr Landsborough would be of immense benefit not only to pastoral but to all other industrial pursuits. He regret ted, however, that the expedition towards the sooth west had not been prosecuted further, as it would have solved the problem of a great inland sea, which was by some supposed to exist iu that direction. This would perhaps be done by M'Kinlay, whose return was now looked for. With the last speaker, he approved of Mr Landsborough's judgment, and thought that he had been unjustly blamed. The resolution was unanimously carried. Or Cairns, in rising to move the second résolu tion said that when he entered the room he had no idea that he would be called upon to do so, but it was a subject in which he took the deepest interest, and he v.onld therefore trouble the meeting with a few remarks. In Mi Landsborough's expedition he felt a peculiar and a personal interest for he was well acquainted with ih< explorer, with whose father he was on terms ol intimacy at home. From his earliest years Mi Landsborough was taught by bis father-who was a clergyman, and a philosophical student of nature to observe everything, to make use of his eyes, tc take nothing for granted, and to think well before lu spoke. His (Dr Cairns'«) deliberate opinion was that Mi Landsborough had shown great wisdom in the con duct of the expedition, and clearly proved that lie was well up to his work. He had evinced wisdou Sn design, and judgment and skill in execution (cheers). Looking now at the achievements o: Burke and Wills, Walker, Stuart, Landsborongl and others, he felt delighted at the prospect opened ' up, and believed that we inhabited one of the faires' and richest countries on the face of the globi (cheers). The great desert so much dreaded a; occupying the interior was proved to be a mytl -a mere ghost of a desert in fact, and no more thai was sufficient to create a pleasing variety of soil Some fine melons would be grown there perhaps by and-bye. The rev. speaker concluded an eloquen! allusion to the benefits conferred on geographica science by Mr Landsborough's discoveries by roov ing-" That a public subscription be undertaken b present a testimonial to Mr Landsborough for hi distinguished success in crossing thc continent fran tbe Golf of Carpentaria to Victoria, and discoverioj country so valuable for colonisation." Mr Butchart seconded the resolution, which wai carried nem. am. Mr M'Bean moved the third resolution as follows \--"That Mr Landsborough bs invited to a banquet on which occasion the testimonial may be presenten to him." Dr Enabling seconded the motion, which was car ried unanimously. On the motion of Mr Thomas Dickson, seconda by Mr Hall, it was resolved to the effect that th following committee be appointed to carry out tb objects of the meeting :-The Mayor, Messrs Hervey Power, Enabling, Morton, Cairns, Butchart, M'Bean Dickson, Campbell, Urquhart, Bigwood, Thompson Sloane, Caple, Alston, King, Sydes, Clrrke, Gal lagher, Box, Craig, Wilson, and Fitzgerald, wit! power to add to their number. A subscription list was at once opened, and abou £60 was subscribed on the spot. A vote of thanks to the chairman then terminate the proceedings. 