BY ELECTBIC TE LEG IU I'll, ? (FHOa OCB -OWX OOEUKSPONOEHT.) In the Legislative Council last evening, Mr. Mitchell stated that the lay members of the Government had agreed to pass the Heal Property Act, but that toe Law Officers of the Crown had not yet given an opinion. The Land BUI was read a third time and The Civil Service Bill was under discussion in committee. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Johnston stated that the line to Echuca of fifiysix miles would sostJUS hundred and fortyfive thousand pounds. The report on the Distillation Bill was adopted. The motion for the re-committal of the vote for Government advertisements was u^eaUtcil bj Ot tu pe. Tbe cause of Bowie v, Wilson was still Eight witnesses bad yet to be 'or the plaintiff. W« ate Informed that fire new reefj have been discovered in the vicinity of Maryborough, and prospecting cUimi to the same number bare ton marked off and registered. We trust these claims will be better ttsa some of the reefi Utely discovered, which, although shewing gold, run poor. The meet for the kangaroo htrnt to-morrow morning, at Grant's Bet-Bet Hotel, will, we trader stud, draw many egnettrians from Maiybonwgh, butwhetber thsywill turnout "pertbrnmrs"across eouotiy, remains to be awm. , The evidence on the inquest held btfbr* Dr. Laid man, oa the body of a Qilnnnaa who committed suicide by banging himself on Sunday, will be found in another place. We believe ft is tit-nrj rare occurrence that Chinamen commit self-dsstructloB in such a manner. This poor O^Mtial appeared to be afflicted vith a melancboly monomania, arising ftom poverty. The celebratioa of tbe anniversary of the formation of our tire Brigade, to-day, is expected to be a spirited aflalr. Several numbers of the Talbot brigade are expected, who will join tlisproeetilon in their uniforms. Invitation! have been issoadon a liberal scale to die dinner at tbe Mtnrsstsi, and no exertion will be aparod by Captain Cksey and the ettcos to effort a "sucoesi." The trustees of die Maryborough Saving*' Bank held th<*r monthly mcetiag cm Monday last, In th^rteaporary offioa, Tawft routine, the aotuaty theopooinfoftiw! a. that and canted by a want of rain i and nowjhat rain ha* Wleo copkmslj.lt l. confiauntly expcctcd that deposits wi'l increase. The new bank premises will, most likely be <®au4 about the oodof the joeseat tpnfllh In the Gotvrnmnt Gutctte of the 30th ult., we observe a proclamation extending the powcw of sections 5 to 10 of the Town and Country Police Act to Inglewood. • - In the same Gaittle are advertise! notices of application far patents of intentions. Among others are-one of Mr, Josiab Hocking, of Maldon, engineer, for " improvement! In separate steam condemersj" and of Mr. Wa'.tw LaidUw, of Tarnagulla, engineer, for a patent, "an invention ft* raising quartz-tailings in the condition In which they flaw from the reducing and amalgamating machinery, or other gritty substances of a lie nature, by means of an improved plunger-puuip." We would beg to refer to a letter from Mr. G. M. Grant, in another column, relative to the «ii«- apprehenskm we were wider in making seme rattier strong remarks on what appearelto be Mr. Grant's opposition to the V9tsf»rihe road through DunaHy to Korong. - ' . Tbe Maryborough Dramatic Clab have got "into harness," and although they may not, pe^iaps, tooelt theaosl with tender atrtlce* of art, To wake the genius, or tomend the heart," it is hoped they will give fair answer to those Who say with Theseus, in tbe Mtinmmer Mgkt', Dream. " Is there no play, ^ To esse the angu ish of a torturing hour ?" The pleas Will ba "Ketainel fcr .the Defence," in which the principal parts trill be played by Messrs. Gardner, Cooke and Field. " An Unwarrantable Intrusion," by M. Bregalft th» Intruder, and Mr. Cooke, as Mr. Soootle, and " The Irish Liou;" our old favorite, Mr. G Toutcher, being the lion, assisted by Meters. Field, Legge, Healey, Allan, Dunn> Baxter, and ladies. The eveningoaiiwd is Monday the 16th, when the Hospital funds, we hope, will be considerably augmented. Negociatiom are mi foot to aeeore the services of competes* ladies. The rehearsal on Fraay evering next ought to find all perftct in their parts, E An secUeat, which migtohave been attended with very serious consequences, took place on Mondsyby tbenp»etti!igof acanin crossing tbe Narrtgill Creek, near Jones's Liverpool Arms, on the *««ftm>bqrben>agh to Talbot. Mwirs. Thompson, J. Smith, M'Leiih, and Brown, were proceeding from Talbot to M'Collum's Creek, when, In crossing the place wr« hare indicated, the vehicle upset, throwing the whole of the party out, one of whom wsaeoMideraWy hart. This is not the first or seoond accidcnt which lias happened at this placc and a more awkward or dangerous crossing cannot well be. U is high time a bridge was thrown over this creek, or some steps taken to render the crossing safe for the public, or we shall hare to regret loss of life and frequent accidcnU.espedally should there be a cootinusnoe of rainy weather. We beg to call the immeditte aUantioc of the authorities to this subject. Hnnborourh on Moadar exhibited decided symptoms of returning animation. The late rain has bad the effect of bringing our mining friends into town, and at some periods of the day. Highstreet exhibited a busy appearance, almost amount ing to bnitle. (aces appearing stove the wollen shirt and ciaj colwed extenuations, looked smiling as at thoughts of prolific wasbdirt, aid bearded groups might hare been observed partaking of the " cup which cheers, but doll, inebriate." Bacchus JlohU be a " ros/ god," bat if he ever wore a *' Blear eye sad bloated cheek. The visage suite transformed of bi«n who drinks." let bim descend to a puddling machine, or double him up to work ia a reef-drive, and he'll round again. A requisition hu been signed by aeveral miners to the Chairman of the Mining Board aaUog him to convene a meeting to consider the new by-liws proposed by tbe Board, sad which have not yet pasted a third reading We are told thst some of thememb«aof the Board were unavoidably absent at the meeting when that portion of the tqr-Uwa wliich appear to be the Nad a second time. It must by oo meana be considered that all or any portion of the by-laws may not yet be altered, and we assame that at the meet ing of the Mining Board, when they come on for final discaudoa, there will be a AU attendaacc. aad any objections mUe, bsve doe consideration. The Argtt of yesterdsy intimates that tteeaae of Bowie v. Wilson wiU probably last through to j^ftfr***. itM^n^ttg thy spw^hes of i^nntel and the judge's summing ap, 1'esterday was the sixth day of th* trial, and a dosea witnesses were examined on behalf of At plaintiff op to, and including, Monday. Tbe Arpa says " the caw excitcs great interest,^ cwrt being crowded The Talbot laitr tS yestedsy contains an ad vertisemeot, from the manager of the gasworks there, notifying the reduction In the prioe of gu to Sii.per cubic foet. WiU »ot this ndigkUK MM We observe there will be a commanding offlcer's parade ^ tbe Rifls Ooips ta-monowat 5 o'clock, pm.. ' , « - The ^uesttou whldi came under tbe oetk* of the Ooondl at ttalr meeting last erenlng, as to tte propristy ofthsOorornineotexteoding ths traasmlsskmof shlppingasd important news by Wegraph to Maryboroufh,lis very ««ir one to raise. There esa be but littJedl»«!tyJn givtag w the benefit of the asm* information as thateonrsyed tdBal. larat, Oastlemsiae, leg., «ad «B bare no doubt, now that Dr. Svana vU be wMttaa to to stir *p Uw proper qaarttriAipm irtisnce it appears it has beoomeasdsss to aipect wpBss on paper—w« shall sqjqr this advantage be&re; long. Thanstrs lawtelegnqdiic despatch of laatevenlug is a slightly foggy diaracter as to the rattway to «duwat but fr whatever was doae in the House last evening at all means the #Ump»e even expendlt«re of mUipM fbr« tmiliriiy from Sandhurst to the Morray, evoy township on ttils side of CasOemalne—sad Matyboroogb, Talbot, and Drnwdly in particular—ought to use all timr Magies to dlnsrt the tall way in iids direction. Solas aoqualnted with the real nature of the tt^emntr fr»m the goldOalds would for a moment hesitate to say which Is the most important direction for ths railway to take. We shall oareftilly watch this Improper attempt, if it should he made, sad are sure our contemporaries st the places named will do the asms. Hie assent of the Governor in Council has been given to the alteration of the day of ings cf tfie Municipal .Council bf: TThursdayto " IMJMbtt 4»;^ft«|rdsgr#tai» ,-JPort ofa m m m st the fene^ S^sni I there. The SMr aays-l^e triml'of Dr. Crt«»en, of Smythesdale, for M ladecait assault upon Catlierine Gillies, wife of James Gillies, of that place, came on at the General Sessions yesterday, a large number rfmgdjpil men swdling the crowd jn the jcefafM al jtbe «lose or the) prosecutrix's Inspector KabatwhttouniCT^arreat. The Chaltmati of the Bench expressed his astonishment at such an un-Englisb mode of procedure, and told tbe jury that ifthey fWt tlwqr coild not wly on the tvldbnce of a witness who had bsod foribar^examined under Aiw^ th^ should IW7 fimhdthe prisoner notgullty, and hewMdiadiarged. The Chairman (Judge Rogers,) in the course ofthe trial, also remarked, spsaklng of the arrest ot the prosecutrix tbat" if the course is question were to be sanctioned, they in this country wosrtd be soon having those things brought yAf nf lnto fj^^m use that " ^ were .,. , now A correspondent ofthD^ewlrf has, ihSUtisue of Monday last, written a remarkably ftmny letter, under die signature of *JWUogt<Si«,"an the aubject of Holidays. It is evident the writer knows something of B«Is part of to oountiy. JOa d(»criptiouof Talbot cannot apply in any ahagf now, but the whole bit of writing is very atnuiiog. We give an extractOver many hundred mUes of country here and there, and what did I see in reUirn for my little outlay in labour sad money ? Did I see towoilpa growing from canvas to wo»d,or grown already from wood to bride and stone, and carrying plainly graven on their solid fronts the unimpea A- aUe intimation that th«e they—the townships— Med. Strong and fo»rie«» in AopKMot, and representatives of a broad aggregate of bumahintcresu too deeply rooted for aa early ing to tbe winds ef time f | « did imtt Did I iee aught of the olive and the v fig tragi or even of a decent patch ofvirgin eartli turned up as being ready to receive them? No! Forecasting to the Mure, did I soe a garden or a sheep run—an £gypt or a Tadmor? Tadmor wins; theaheep run has it ! Sandhurst and iu l'au I'ail Mall loafers loojers will win noust doubt H; it; Castlcsnalne—half uasura goau and • Chinamen—may - object ^ "toltj iti 1 andstiiaJy Ballarat feel indignant at something never meant for it. But thou, O Kewstead, of the plaiot and bare hiU-sidcsl O Talbot, the drinking dens so dirty and so Tile! O Amheat, with thy new town hail staading so brightly red above thy new made grass-grown strata, bare abells of bosses, and grim ghosts of what, not long ago, claimed kindred right to flgb* for preccdtscc wftii other claimants as a field ofjfold! Dare't thou deny the hard imneadunentf Thou, too, Avoca! the sweetly placed and all but beautlfnl, what of % one gaunt street, looking a foil mile wide and nearly a quarter long! 'Do rtiiie empty tenements tell ao tale as one thinks of good old time.? Amphitheatre! art Am still a«pldfleid or a town in any imt the merest shadow of a name? Is there one solitary digger's tent within sight oroooey of thine outer boundaryf I trow not! When thirty thousand sturdy fellows worked thy Canton Lead—O Ararat 1—When monied roisterer* eioberxntly wild wtlhreogh good humour, throog'd thy slushy crooked lines of street at night-lit w it were, by bugc tln^ishes of flaring blw - —thy lot was hopeful and thychlldren jolly, bells were numerous, aoi gongs deafening. Then the caiipflrt* lit the valley, Andaruddisst halo threw Over hordes sf bangiy diggers As they cook'd tiie evening stew. What a banquet we spread for Baikly! What a ball we got up for him! What splendid present author (ahem!) wrote for him, and how csperb they looked in gold tetters on white aatin, tt n.B. <vadeiwnidiagly took them fwm the hands of Vale, or Banfield, or somebody dse! What " spread," too, we arraoged for John O'Slianttsy ( «nd what pleasantly lows met other pleasant fellows at that tightening feed j We trust for the bononr and glory of ottr Carisbrook horac, that the information conveyed in to following paragraph taken from Saturday's BaOarat Star, may tv> a mmmir omty— u W« hear Oi»t tho match between Young Camel and Ballarat to £500, cm the Dowltng Forest Coarse, is offi in consequencc of the owner of Ba''arat not making: good his deposit." We have not mtieh to say of Melbourne news— the case of Bows v. Wilson Mali drags its weary length along, occupying aiarg« apace In to Mel bourne papers. Tbe news from town it, In other respects, specially uninteresting. Tbe markets of the woek live been very firm. Bugan are easier at lower prices, time tea been mut& speculation in tobaeeo, which appears iikelj to main tain a higher figure so long as tbe new» from America is ufmmHa The speculation of Mr. F. lyster, ia providing admirable musk: and singing at cheap prioes, is not so pMltable as it ought to be. It seeoii the usual box-frequ -frequenters decline to go for stupid reason. The dramatic and musical critic of the has aome w«ll dsserved strieturea tmthU hca« in thUwi*:—Indeed, .dUiongl! literally, doabtlcsi tbe entcrUOnment is beneath the notice ft the usual kabitult of tbe dress circle; metaphoricaily, it decidedly ii not, and consequently we must conclude that the beggarly account, etc., it the result of apathy, or swede's prior engagement all round, or making preparations for a geoersl miration to **** fsgigwuffi* in univotally prnitential observance, or of seme pre-oceupetton wliich does not usually keep South Yarn dome«tic»ted while a first class amtuenHait is extant. For the credit <4* the taute of our fashionable coteries we hope that thi« neglect it not destined to oonUnua. A splendid pniztamme, whkii bears evidence of a desire to ooosult all tas is announced for to-night. In speaking el the weather and fete rains, the Argitt ef Monday says, with reference to the neighbourhoods in which we are most interested—"We are glad to observe from the country journals fiat the rain has extended over to whole of to colony, though it baa bees * - At Kihnare U has tlve hurricane, the rangeof wmch, fortunately, waa limited. Tt TalboTtW Uia ciae most lupportunely, the long oontinaance of dry weather having aliboteilmutedtoMSMn^sMrtoiiiiass. ItU curious that, Iwavy as tbe rains have been aroand Melbourne, about the bead-waters of the Tam,«&d; In Ballarat and the vestas district, the country and up! lag tor some flfey or slaty hours, then revived to hopes of tbe miners, by filling tho dams to some extent. and permitting«ro*)iing and puddling open- tioos to be resumed after * Jong interval, during which some of the Tarrangowcr companies were forced to remain idle fbr want of wattr. The wins, as migbt be expected, bave been followed by the modskieti «f* Urge amountnf gold,gndafilliphas been given to business in many looalities when litUe had twen doing for many wneks." n*€htbt9A&ertiur; of Monday, has tbefol lowing justiflable trft nf spirit The people of Oe&MK; have been described, as eminently slow, The new owners of the Oreoian Queen have shown WLWBONROE WSADS THTT UMW.SREA FEW «Y«N Mltonndrntttid themeantngrfgotnjt a^l^d. The? hdd their firstaoetlngonMooday last,decided upon the purdiaseoa Tuesday, pnrei»sed ra Wednesday, engaged the captain and crew on Thui^ay cfoared tTw Customs on Friday, and sailed for Newcastle on Saturday j-afoat which, we may veature to ssy, our lHands in the " great metropolis,' would find some UttiediAculty in performing. Theftita Lttder ef yesterday, has some remarits upon to immvsant in their Fire Brigade, our contemporary writes 1—« 7*at night tho members of th; Talbot tire Brigade, to the number of tlijrty assembled In the The*tw Boyal for pmetioe and Inspscuon. ^Tlio men were dressed ia thdr new tttdforni,Md meseoteda most couimottdaUe appearanoo. We have noUocd before tlio liandsome appearaunc of tills uolform, and « gbume at it lut night ccmflrmod to impression witli whlclt we had, in the first instance, viewed it. The MaryboMugii Brigade will have to take care that when their plrtferesque aUudsd." ^ <m the following i aooount of the miafng They would wonder "at -I, meant. it. The Prmetu Bomt Roml 1, •<*»( tlicj wasi h the tiie *' Soiu 0 / H w gold here is £3 18s. Bd. There ^ k of rain, and aU the d w S ? aomeeren tooverflowim?. mt, '•at week divided M.^Ii BlC dwt. The Garibaldi ^he prospects^ of the rrincJ 8 ?-!! »", «fter paying three weelcs^^l?'' going to Sink a new one tMf claim. His Hie 66ns of Justice nutto.,*'^ The HU or Miss dU AtiX^*^** tura-table» In tbelr dri^ ^ r 1 ^ cot Company, who were washed ot/il" 0-e weU and drives, and —^. ^ f stuff this week. A new n appointed, ttr. Arehibald It will be gathered fern a psa,-*. Atfit, *re quote below, that colony are not in proportirai to ftsaB^, * leaving it—" The stream of emigi^ shores towards Old EngUitd ooaUooe, thefiae dipper ship Bluejacket Jureifor Ufmwi Bbehu jHW ,^ berths eogsged, ndas she is in sriaauS' condition, ^wffl makeTrapldt^^ fortunate in obtaining g ^ f c f U f the l s Railway s c s Her, w Ay^*! v more than •wJly tu busy day, mEtgf& sh<ps having' g he» engaged simaltaaeo^,^ charging cargo.' 