soft Courier WEDNESDAY, UAHClfli, 1882 THE lost member of parliament of whom we hear is delivering " an account of his " stewardship " to his constituents is Mr. CHARLES ROBERT H \LY, the colleague of the Colonial Treasurer in the representa- tion of the Burnett electorate. There is nothing particularly striking in the mere fact that Mr. HALY has addressed his constituents, nor do we feel called upon to refer thus prominently to every member of the legislature who makes his bow to the electors of his district, and tells them why he voted one way, and why he voted another. It is a very wholesome method to adopt on the part of a member who wishes to remain in the good graces of his supporters, and it affords an excellent opportunity for a constituency to obtain explanations on most points from their representative. Generally speaking, both parties are pleased. The ears of the electors are tickled by the honeyed words of the member, and the " UBUOI vote of " confidence" falls like flattering unction on the soul of the man whom the free and independents " delight to honor " Vows of renewed diligence are made on the one hand, and vows of continued support on the other and if there should have been any point of difference arising on account of the vote of the member on a vexed question, it oftener than not happens that his explanation cleverly introduced at the fag end of a speech which has been received with " unbounded ap " plause" smooths away all difficulties, and before the meeting terminates he may be enthusiastically pronounced a "jolly good fellow." Not in this wise we are sorry to say, was Mr. HAW received by his audience at Gayndah. Indeed, the hon. members for the Barnett seem to have been more " honored with abuse" from the region they represent, than any other members of the House They have been baited at Gayndah, bullied at Maryborough, and haunted by the " Ghost of Ban Ban." They have been charged repeatedly, in all kinds of quarters, with neglecting the interests of their constituents, and other political sins of omission, but we have yet to learn that the men of the Burnett have more to complain of in this respect than other constitue! cies. Mr. MACKENZIE, who was, if anything, the best abused man of the two, and who might be supposed, from his position, to have more frequent opportunities for serving his constituents than his colleague, got off best when the day of meeting came. He (Mr. MACKENZIE) entered Gayndah as one of the gubernatorial train on the occasion of the vice-regal visit; the shadow of the distinguished presence seemed to hide the faults of which he had theretofore been accused and he left the place happy in the pledged confidence of his supporters. Our friend Mr. HALY, on the other hand, appears to have deferred his visit until an unpropitious season, for, although equally as much entitled to success as his colleague, he met with an ungracious reception. The report of the meeting which appeared in our Gayndah correspondent's letter, published on Saturday last, is probably too much abridged to enable us to judge whether the hon. member gave any fresh cause of offence in the course of his speech, but he does not appear to have been guilty of this fault. After defending himself against the attacks of his local traducers the " Ghost of Ban Ban'«» included Mr. HALY seems to have gone pretty much over the same ground as that which other hon. members had trodden before him the now well beaten path of the " events " of the session." His idiosyncrasies naturally cropped out on the surface as he spoke of bridge-building, hasty legislation, the two-thirds clause, and so on but we have no reason to suppose that he refrained from touching upon any one topic on which his auditory would seek to be informed Although we have had occasion to djsäOQt from Mr. HAIIY on many matters, we have more than once expressed a belief in his integrity of purpose, and independence of spirit. There is not a squatting member in the house who takes a more honest view of things, or who endeavors more earnestly to arrive at a conscientious opinion on the questions brought under discussion. He may err in his judgment, and may sometimes be guilty of arriving at conclusions which other people might fail to draw from the same premises; he may be one of those members upon whose vote the ministry can commonly rely, and who is rarely found acting with the Opposition; he may deliver extraordinary speeches occasionally, and call down upon himself the jeering daughter of his fellow- members but, notwithstanding all this, and despite the fact that we generally differ from him, CHARLES ROBERT HALY is a man not to be despised, and certainly deserved better treatment than he met with at Gayndah. We believe him to be conscientious enough to vote even against his interests when he knows a certain course to be right, and we only wish that we could say as much of other members of the House. It is true that Mr. HALY belongs to a class who seem to have everything their own way just now but, for that very reason, he is a man who could ill be spared from the legislature, seeing that duty and conscience have something to do with his actions. We do not blame the squatto cracy for endeavoring to secure to themselves reasonable rights and privileges, and we are not aware that there is any section of the community who seek their extinguishment as a class. We have never advocated anything of the kind, although the charge has been brought against us by feeble-minded opponents. We have simply striven to establish a claim to consideration on the part of another interest which must, sooner or later, assert its, right to a share of public favour, and we hold that it would e nothing less than the height of human folly to attempt to establish a species of antagonism between the agricultural and pastoral interests The former is yet in embryo, and has to be nurtured and fostered ; the latter is well established and secure, and is almost beyond the need of advocacy. We only claim that free scope should be granted to each, there being plenty of room for the operations of both. We are inclined to give Mr HALY credit for taking a broader view of political questions as affecting the squatters than his _ brethren of that class, and to set him down as one of the few who are ready to lend their aid in bringing about a more prosperous state of affairs. On these grounds, we are glad to find that, although Mr. HALY was censured by the meeting he addressed, he has not altogether lost the favor of his constituents. The damna- tory vote of an assemblage is not pleasant thing to undergo, but when a man is censured by those to whom he is not amenable, the condemnation goes for nothing. If, as our correspondent states, the vote of want of confidence was passed chiefly by persons who were not electors, Mr. DALY, may, we think, safely leave his case in the hands of properly qualified judges, and calmly await the issue. 