BACK CREEK. (r«0M otra ow* combspohdskt.) _ January eth, 1862. The dulneas generally supervening an extraordinary cxcitement hu followed our late races, and business for the moment is emphatieslly " flat, stale, and unprofitable." Nor, Meed, u this to be wondered at considering tbe very handsome amount of money taken by the prodown to jt^dy uid in many cases highly remuacrative work. A prospecting claim was granted on last Saturday in the immediate vicinity of the Antrim Arms Hotel, on the road from here to Clunes and Ballarat, the declared prospect being 1½ oz. to the load; and already close upon a thousand claims have been marked out. No decided opinion as to the merits of this rush can be pronounced before the end of this or the beginning of next week. However, the eagerness with which shafts are being sunk argues a favourable judgment on the part of those most interested in the result. Should a lead be found taking into the hill, a prosperous goldfield may be counted upon, but if the gold be confined to the brow of the range (as often occurs on M'Cullum's Creek), a few only will be benefitted, However, in any case this rush cannot fail to cause hte highly auriferous-looking ground between here and Clunes to be extensively prospected. fS^aHy obUiu that awntinM^of'pro.- Srow times awaits tbe town of Wbot. la Sal««««IUwhM.^ynot^««-to oommuniute, our district continuing remuk- .havmgfwied*o»«« feiWjW? the nlethonof amusements at Christmas a - e h a f i s dead march In Said, jura&dibejoiiii.sae; of the number proelaimiiw at inlervalsjtn a most sepulchral fotoe^elSnl murder .f rte n^le tho' too jealous Moor On Tu«d.v nfcht seemingly. the same parte aa- mdrf the !&al; Thespian, where amidst the glare or blue snd the detonatbn of c ^ ^ an unesrthly figure announced itself m the ghost of OUwlio, anxious to wreak its rengauiM oa the learned gentleman, who, at this period, put in an appearance in a costume more airy than wrect. A vigorous demonstration o h Tom Sayers, put the pieudo goblins to flight, to the d'uappointment of the public who, ftom the opening scene expected an el frttoo performance ^ Macbeth ! have not heard whether thts charivari is to result to legal proceedings or not 