GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. CniniTi" BALI.—On Tuesday evening a vary pleasant ball camu off for the purpose of sune charity, at Monsieur Del Sartc's capacious rooms. Upwards of one hundred and forty ladies and gentlemen wen present. From tlie moment the " music with its first voluptuous smile," until the last of twenty-oight dances in succession, tlie festivities were sust.-iiiied with the utmost animation and vigour. The honorable and popular Member for Hobart Town, J. M. Wilson, ICsq., who iidds an exquisite skill in dancing, it is said, to the many other qualities vvliicll rchdcrlilm a land of Tasmanian Criehton, ojiened the ball. We dare not mention the name of the lady he honored 011 this occasion, for fear of exciting a fooling of universal jealousy. And when waltzes, polkas, aud quadrilles were over for the time; when the labour of tlie ball-room were past, and they came to their cofiiio and their pound-cake at last—for Lady Mary Wortley's more sensual luxuries of " Champagne aud a Chicken," were excluded— nothing could exceed tlie enjoyment, or approach the brilliancy of the repartee, which spurklcd through the conversation, in real earnest, however, we believe it proved a very-enjoyable evening, and we sincerely trust tliat the Charity, whatever it may be, will receive large benefits from tlie pleasure of the guests, and tlie amount which tliat pleasure produced. A Gnosr AT KUANKMK.—Perhaps to relieve the tedium and great depression of matters in general here, we have been lately favoured with the luxury of romance in the shape, or rather shadow, of a ghost. The distinguished visitor made liis advent with tlie usual (as far as precedent goes in these cases) with the almost inseparable preliminaries of untimely noises in tlie upp?r regions of the hous?, not a hundred miles from the School, l'icces of crockery dashed themselves to smithereens without visible cause. After some months of these vagaries, lie, perhaps getting tired uf the monotony of attic life, made his appearance about the premises. The only unusual appearance nbout him is a black face and white body; probably it may be a nigger-ghost; at any rate, it is proposed to try a revolver at liis legs, and-if we bring him down you shall have a full description of this terror of old women and children. BKXEVOIENT SOCIETY.—120 caws ; 367 individuals relieved last week i 63 full, and 54 iiuif rations. COURT OF REVISION, NEW TOWK.—This Court met yesterday, hut after wailing for two hours, and no other Magistrates, but Messrs. A.B. Jones, and"W. Fletcher, being in attendance the sitting lapsed, and fresh orders to be issued. MBCIIAKICS INSTITUTE.—The lecture this evening will bo delivered by G. S. 1'. Bedford, Rsq. Subject—"The Life and Writings of Charles Lamb." METEOBOLOOISTS IN A BJULLOON.—At the late meeting of the British Association the meteorological section determined to make certain experiments on tlie air by means of a balloon. The first of these took place at Wolverhampton, on Saturday, and the Koyal Cremornc balloon tliat has made several ascents from the Cremornc Gardens, being the largest balloon in England, was engaged for the purpose. Unfortunately it proved unairworthy. It was intended to ascend an elevation of five miles, but before the aeronauts rose one mile from the surface the gas began to escape, and the machine came to the earth from sheer inanition. The members of the committee held a consultation in that town on Tuesday with Mr. CoxwclL The Committee, therefore, determined to postpone their second contemplated ascent for two months. In the-meantime Mr. Coxwcll undertook to construct a balloon to hold between F9.000 and 90,000 cubic feet of gas, which the committee on their part arc prepared to use in making the four ascents for which tlicy have received instructions by a vote of the association. IT is announced that a Silver Mine has been discovered in the vicinity of Macquaric Harbour, and that the " Swansea Packet" on her last trip brought up eleven hundrc 1 weight of the ore, nnd deposited it with the Government. It is also reported that it was the arrival uf Ihis ore in Hobart Town which induced the authorities to suspend the operation of the Waste Lands Act, and not the ostensible one of finding Gold by tlie Government Geologist. It is also stated tliat the '• Swansea l'ackct" has returned again to Mac- quarie Harbour for the purpose of bringing up a fresh cargo of Silver ore. We shall probably soon lcaru what foundation there is in tlie rumour to which we allude.— Communicated. GKNEIIOUS.—There is a good naturcd bachclor at Tunbridge, so generous, that, poor fellow, be would give even liis heart away, if he could only find an interesting object to take it. SKNSIBLE AND CO.NSISTE NT.—It is said that a distinguished homaxipatliist, on the principle that " like cures like," recomincuds, as the best remedy for cold, a Frieze jnckct. 