EDINBURGH ETCHINGS. SKETCHES OF PLACES AND PERSONS IN AND ABOUT AULD REEKIE. BY PETER 'POSSUM. HOLYROOD — PART THE SECOND. CICERONI, whether official or amateur, are ineffable nuisances. In an ethical point of view the latter are the more odious, since they inflict their tediousness for nothing — it is not their bread-winning business to bore, and yet they will persist in doing so. The "inevitable advocate," to borrow a phrase from the Editor of Chamber's Journal, of Edinburgh society, is an incorrigible offender in this line. The " Repre- sentative Man" of the class is a glib youth whose fondness for black broadcloth and white neck-cloth, no matter what the time of day, causes him frequently to be thought a waiter, who looks upon his little city as o ú/ifaXoL T>¡¡, y ¡jj, and takes "——— the rustic murmur of his bourg For the great wave that echoes round the world ;" who believes himself to be, potentially, the foremost man in the said bourg, but being at present, by hard fate and unappreciaung agents, prevented from manifesting his superiority in Parliament House, indemnifies himself by drenching with talk, which is neither broad Scotch nor pure English (but which he firmly believes to be the finest specimen of the latter) any unfortunate on whom he can force himself as a guide about his " own romantic town." Happen to be hedged in the neigh- bourhood of such a one squiring a party of ladies, old and young, at the Scotch Royal Academy Evhibition, and if you can ever afterwards look upon any picture which he criticised without a "scunner," great must be the merit of that picture, or marvellous your power of endurance. Dead flies cause the ointment of the Apothecary to send forth a stinking savour ; this very lively buzzer is likely to make you loath the finest work of the artist. Paid ciceroni, however, must not escape without farther severe condemnation. When you want to muse in a "show place " it is a terrible infliction to be compelled to listen to a guide clacking out his parrot-story with a mill-like monotony, when you wish to linger you also wish to punch the head of the attendant to whom time is money, and who, therefore, hurries you on in order that he may, as speedily as possible, pocket your half-crown, and begin to earn another. The old gentleman in charge of the Holyrood Pic- ture Gallery, being paid by salary, is not obnoxious to the charges I have brought against the majority of the curators of antiquities. Lolling on his little table beside the door, or, if it be winter, with disparted coat-tails roasting himself before a gloriously ruddy and roaring fire, he takes your guide book, dog-ears the page at which you must begin for guidance, and then, unless requested to accompany you in your re- searches, leaves you to your own devices. "What a jolly room for a ball !" is the exclamation which generally first springs from the sweet and now- a-days slangy lips of English young ladies, when first ushered into the chamber. It is a jolly room for a ball — 150 feet by 24 — and in it a memorable ball was given (vide " Waverley"). The Lord High Com- missioner of the Kirk now holds his levees in it ; on which occasions the white-breasted, black-bodied reverend reverencers of the Queen's authority in Scottish Church as well as State, being (like their brethren of the unestablished Scottish denominations), for the most part, unaware what to do with their arms when they are expected to "behave pretty," look very much like broken-winged magpies. Dis- mally seedy, were it not for the uniforms of the military, would be the procession of the Lord High Commissioner from Holyrood to St Giles's. The London Lord Mayor's show is gaudily stupid : the Edinburgh Lord High Commissioner's progress to Kirk is a shabby absurdity. The pictures in the Pic- ture Gallery are not remarkably interesting. They con- sist, for the most part, of fancy-portraits of mythic as well as historic kings of Scotia. A Flemish artist, in 1684, contracted to paint a hundred and ten royal portraits — he to find canvas and colours, the Govern- ment to supply him with originals to copy from. Caractacus and Macbeth are included in this series of " painted lies." There is, however, one thing genuinely Scottish in the gallery. An angel is de- picted with high cheek bones and red hair. There is, unfortunately, a great deal of dream-dis- turbing sham in Holyrood. You enter what is called Lord Darnley's audience chamber, and come upon a picture professing to be a portrait of John Knox. Soon, however, you learn that "many are sceptical on the subject " You see a " Head, said to be Sir Walter Raleigh," a "Cardinal Beaton" "doubted by many." "Bother their doubts '" you feel inclined to cry. Leaving the ill- fated Darnley's "audience chamber," you enter a room built by Charles the Second. It is impossible to refrain from a cynical grin when you find that the chief attraction of the chamber which owes its origin to that "most religious King," is a piece of tapestry bear the motto, " In hoc vinces." I wonder what kind of man Riccio really was. A sneakingly presumptuous "foreign fiddler" is the character which rank- reverencing young British Respectability is taught by its school histories to assign to him. For my own part, I can forgive Mary for her liking for him — suppos- ing it to be guilty — far more readily than I can for her resignation in the embraces of that boisterous brute of a Bothwell. I picture to myself Mary, who had a poetic element in her, and remembered regretfully the amenities of the French Court, from which she had come to receive a crown, which, no doubt, she considered a beggarly boon, quite innocently enjoying Riccio's songs, sayings, and soothing courtesies, as reminding her of the civilised land from which she was exiled, as contrasting with the vapidities and rudenesses of that very uninterest- ingly fast young man, her husband. However, poor wretch, he got well blown up by somebody for his bad behaviour, and, therefore, hoping that his wife did not give him that last fearful curtain lecture, I will run him down no longer. In one corner of his bedroom in Holyrood there is a turret- closet, on which opens a stair- case by which his co-assassins came up to arrange for the Italian secretary's murder. The waxen representation in Baker-street, London, of Marie Stuart waxing " waxy" in an interview with John Knox, many of my readers doubtless have seen — Madame Tussaud and Sons being the historio- graphers (whose sincerity may be doubted, since they wrought in cera. ) The interviews of which the group alluded to is the ridiculously incongruous record came off in the next room you enter, " commonly called Queen Mary's Audience Chamber." It is a bedroom now. There stands a state-bed, with crumb- ling velvet curtains. In it your attendant would have you believe that lying " blessed martyr," King Charles the First, once lay. Because the king lied, the curator need not lie about the royal lying. In the said bed, however, you may believe that the Young Pretender, little thinking that he would ever become a drivelling drunkard, with a disagree- able right to sport the horned Holyrood arms — has slept, and that his conqueror, the moon-faced Duke of Cumberland (after the battle of Culloden) did there sleep after him. "Adversity makes us acquainted with strange bed-occupants," must have creaked the necessarily Jacobitical bedstead, when the in-tumbling Hanoverian incubus threatened to crack its battens. Hush ! for you are entering Queen Mary's bedroom. " Crimson damask, with green silk fringes and tassels" is the official description of yonder bed- hangings. Dim and dusty is the crimson ; putridly dull, like that of a wave-tossed corpse is the green, and yet, alas, you cannot feel sure that Queen Mary ever slept upon the bedstead beside which those hangings hang. In this room, however, she slept. In that little room opening out of it her maidens used to flutter about her as she dressed ; and passing into the north-west turret, you enter the me- morable supper-room. Scanty remnants of tapestry, looking like dirty cobwebs, cling to the top of the walls. These are really as old as they are reported to be. Mary's skirts have brushed against the arras, of which they are the sole remains. Yonder armour, however, and clumsy pair of thick- soled boots, said to be Darnley's, most probably felt the hammer and the awl no earlier than in the second Charles's reign. A very little room it is — not big enough to swing a cat in, as the saying goes ; and yet here she sat supping with a party of five in the evening of that bloody ninth of March. Looking out through the small turret window you can call up the whole scene. In the "place" in front of the Palace there is suddenly a confused sound of feet and voices. A crowd dimly discernible m the evening dusk has poured into the square and proceeds to surround the house. The gates are opened, and some two hundred men tramp into the dark quadrangle. Grimly their leaders walk up and down the darker corridors. The door of a private staircase is opened, and, stumbling in the darkness, the chosen assassins grope their way up to Darnley's room. Suddenly Darnley enters the supper-room, and, feigning fondness, flings his arm around the Queen's waist. She wonders, and then shudders, for the arras is once more lifted, and — pale as a ghost, ferocious as a fiend — Ruthven, who has risen from a sick- bed to do murder, stalks into the chamber. Mary commands him to withdraw, but there comes a rush of feet, torches flare, swords and daggers gleam, the room is full of ruffians. With a crash and clatter the supper table is overturned — roughly thrown back upon the pregnant Queen. Behind her, clutching her robe, and passionately pleading for protection, crouches Riccio. Darnley bends back the fingers of the miserable man, frantic with fear, and then holds back the Queen, who struggles to become once more his shield. A pistol is presented at her breast. Over her shoulder the luckless wretch is stabbed. They drag him from the room, sticking and slashing as they go. He falls dead at the top of the staircase. Your attendant takes you to the spot and bids you examine the planks. Painfully peering through the gloom you fancy you can make out something which looks like an amorphous grease stain. It is blood, however, which has written its record there. Three hundred years ago those planks were sodden with gore, and still they attest the horrible story. You come back to the turret loom and behold in fancy Mary trem- bling in naturally womanly fear whilst the bloody work is being done, but when it is done, drying her eyes with a hot glance of vengeance. Ruthven, drunk with exultation at the gratification of his malice, reels in and demands a cup of wine to recruit his weary frame. In this room, too, was Mary when the inhabitants of Canongate, headed by their provost, rushed on the following Sunday morning to the rescue of their Queen, who, however, by threat of being cut into collops by her chivalrous gaolers, was prevented from speaking to the honest burghers, Darnley dispersing them by a lying intimation that her Majesty was safe, and wished them to depart. Roofless stands the chapel of King David ; grass grows amid its memorial slabs, but the ruin is still rich in beauty. When the night wind sighs through its glassless windows and the moonlight silvers the capitals of its clustered columns — bringing out face and foliage in clear yet mellowed relief — and traces with silent finger the crosses and calvaries, swords and shields, chalices and hammers, legends and dates, carved on the crumbling gravestones — a sweetly solemn place must be the chapel. But at such a time you cannot visit it, and by day an obsequiously smiling curator, planted in a box like a dock clerk, with "views" for sale spread out before him, considerably detracts from the poetical impressiveness of the place. Within its walls kings and queens have been crowned, married, buried. Its most striking association with Royalty, however, is an inscription made by Time — a most satirical " sermon m stone." Above the doorway in the west front there is a tablet, erected by Charles the First, bearing these words — "He shall build ane house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of his kingdom for ever." But what connection is there between Holyrood and De Quincy ? may exclaim those of my readers who have also read my first paper on the place. This. At the foot of the Canongate a line of stones in the causeway marks the commencement of the Sanctuary of Holyrood, a sanctuary for indolent debtors, not fraudulent, who may wander free from fear of arrest throughout the whole of the Queen's park, when they have regularly entered themselves inhabitants of this suburb of refuge — on Sundays being at liberty to roam whither- soever inclination leads them. More than once was the opium eater one of these "Abbey Lairds." I will finish off with a good story. Hotly hunted by a "messenger," a debtor rushed down Canongate ; just as he reached the Sanctuary's boundary he fell, with half of his body within, half outside the privileged spot. The officer seized him, but soon had reason to consider himself a foolish bum-bailiff, since the judge, to whom an appeal was made, ruled that the "nobler parts of the debtor's person" having been within the sanctuary at the time of the seizure, his lower extremities ought in equity to participate in the privilege. 