'HELPS;' OR HOW THE CHURCH ASSISTS HER CHILDREN. Chapter 1. ',.. (From the Lamp.) /All who have visited the town of C ? r (one of the most beautiful old towns in England) must have noticed in its outskirts a group of pleasant j little cottages nestling together in a cluster at j the bottom of the hill whicb runs down. from the town to tbe fair green fields beyond. The course bf the river X ? just touches upon the little gardens which surround them, and the beautiful roses twine tbeir flowery garlands in wild conr fusion quite down to |he water's edge. Within, these little white-washed dwellings consist of a quaint arrangement of the queerest little rooms, almost all of them wainscotted with oak, grown dark by being exposed for centuries, and their ' ceilings crossed and recrossed with beams of the same colour, ornamented by the quaintest faces which grin or frown for every termination. Within one of these little rooms, on a lovely summer morning in' 184—, the little casement, ?with its diamond- shaped panes, was flung wide open to admit the sweet- scented summer air, laden, as it was, with the pleasant odour of new mown hay. The leaves of tlae beautiful rose which hung in natural garlands over the window trembled— just trembled — in its breath, their polished surface of dark green scattering little stars of brilliant light as they quivered in the summer sunshine. .. Near the window sat a young girl of about eighteen or ninteen years of age ; dark haired, with eyes of 'a m^st rare and thoughtful cast, she was gazing fixedly upon the cloudless sky, and as she gazed th« tears* could be seen starting into her lovely eyes, and then, one by one, coursing slowly done her cheeks. She held in her arms a baby wrapped in a long piece of white flannel, one tiny land alone proving what the long white wrapper so carefully concealed ; and that little band, so emaciated, so^thin, clutching nervously and languidly at tbe clothes which surrounded., it, was quite sufficient to tell the most casual ob server that decease of a most real character had marked the little sufferer for its own. While the gardian of the little child is gazing bo thoughtfully upon tbe sky, and while the little hand is still nervously moving its tiny fingures, ?we will take a hasty examination of the chamber. The first object which strikes tbe eye is a large bed with dark black posts, the white curtains of whicb are all drawn back, and those at the foot of the bed pinned up to the upper part, to allow a free access of air to the room, and perhaps a sight of the clear blue sky to the poor sufferer who is lying there. So emaciated and so pale is the sharp face, with its restless black eyes that look out from the clean, well-mended pillow; so thin, i so very transparent is the shrunken hand which lies upon the chequered coverlid; the bright marriage ring, long since consecrated by benedic tion and by prayer, upon the finger seems as if it could scarcely hold its place were the hand to hang down in a perpendicular position. On the wall at tfie side of the bed hangs a representa tion of the blessed Christ upon bis cross,— a clumsy figure cast in some white material, but boldly standing out by the contrast of its very ?whiteness with the dark oaken panelling of the wall. The eyes of the poor invalid were lovingly fixeaVupon this image of her Saviour ;. the' pale hand which was laying upon the coverlid moved up and, down as though it were influenced by the prayers or holy thoughts which were passing through, tbe mind of the sufferer. At last she spoke; slowly and with difficulty, in a thin nervous voice; 'Annie, darling, is he asleep? I am too weary to take him, poor lamb ; and yet I'd like him to have known his poor mother's embrace.' Annie lifted up one corner of the flannel which covered her charge, and peeping at his face, said :-- ' Surely, mother, I think he is better where he is, even ; if you could have taken him. He is not asleep, but he is lying very still; you cannot think what a pretty colour he has for so young a , child.' v .? The invalid sighed ; she did not put much faith in the healthiness of the pretty colour; some thing told a mother's heart that it was the tint of too treacherous a disease. 'Do you think he will come soon, Annie ? I am very weary like* of waiting, and I do not think . I shall belong before I take my last sleep. His blessed will be done,' she said, looking at the crucifix, ' He does all things well ; but bad it been His blessed will, I'd like to have seen my boy baptized before I died. Do you think he'll soon be here, Annie ?' Yes, mother, I think he 'will not belong; be was saying the prayer before Mass when I I 1 r^ aTh entered the chapel, and so I begged one of the servers to tell him to come here as 3oon as ever it was over ; and they said he was sure to be here in about half an hour from that time ; and when I thought it was a. long time for you and baby to wait, I couldn't help it, mother, but the tears would come ; and I was just coming down from the sacristy, trying to keep dpwn, when Sister' Agnes, who was kneeling near where I passed, beckoned me to her side, and asked me all about it, andttl told her how we were so anxious to christen baby at once, for we thought him very ill and weakly, and that I had come to beg Father Francis to come to us at once, but that he was going to say Mass, and couldn't get to us for half an hour at least, and I wa3 so afraid that they might not, tell him how much we wanted him directly ; and then she said she had just been' to Holy Communion, and was then offering a Mass of thanksgiving, but that after elevation she would step in and see you, and try to be of use. And you know, mother, it was so like her —she made her voice sound quite soft and sweet, ' Tell her, dear Annie, that I will offer the inten tion of the Holy Sacrifice for her and baby ; and now,, dear child, go, and I will soon follow you.' ' ' God bless her,' sighed tbe poor invalid ; 'and He will bless her .too,' she continued, 'for she does indeed visit the sick and fatherless in their affliction.' Just then there came a gentle tap at the door, and a sweet voice was heard asking if its owner might come in. Annie rose and opened the door. It was not the priest, but sister Agnes who en tered, smjling so sweetly with the pure influence of her recent communion still hovering around her, Are they better, love' she said ; Father Francis will come to you very soon, he was unvesting when I left, and woald make,. I suspect, his thanksgiving short, that he might come to you immediately. God bless you, Mrs. Williams/^, she said, ' I hope you have had a better night; I have brought you a few ripe strawberries from the convent garden ; Dr. Kidd said you might take anything you cared for.' Having said this, tbe trembling hand of the invalid sought for the little basket the religious had placed on the bed a! her side, and took from it one. of the ripe red strawberries which were hidden in the green leaves yet moist with the morning dew. The pleasant odour of the fruit was wafted through the room. The parched lips of the feeble woman gratefully received the lus cious fruit, and her eyes thanked the sweet thoughtfulness which had brought them to her. Whilst Mrs. Williams was so employed, the sister approached the window. 'Is he asleep, Annie ?' she said ; ' surely, my child, you are wrong in wrapping him up so closely this warm weather.' 'Ob.no, sister,'., said Annie, 'he is much better to-day than he was yesterday, for then I had hard work to keep him quiet, and. to prevent his disturbing mother.' ' I think she really makes too much of his weakness, but she won't rest until Father Francis has christened him ; then, perhaps, she may take comfort, and get a little sleep.' The nun carefully unrolled the covering, and her practised eye saw at once what was the mat ter. Baby was dying ; his tiny breast heaved painfully with the difficulty of breathing, and his poor little hands worked convulsively. His eyes were feebly gazing about. He was then, the Sis ter thought, near upon his last struggle. ' Annie !' she said, very' softly, ' Do not make any exclamation to ''alarm your mother, but listen to what I say. Tour poor little brother, I feel sure, is dying, and can hardly live until Father -Francis arrives. This is a case of urgent necessity, I shall take upon myself to do what tbe church commands in such a ease. Have you some pure water in the room?' Annie's eyes were filled with tears; her breast heaved with the sorrow she was resolutely vtrying to master. She made no answer, but' pointed to a jug of water standing near. The Sister of Charity quickly took it, and, bending devoutly on both knees, remained for an instant or two ab sorbed ir. prayer. Annie devoutly made the sign of the cross, and yet instinctively pressed the sick child closer to her breast. ' Mrs. Williams,' said the nun, ' have you chosen a name for your little son ? Tell me what you propose calling him ?' ' The poor woman clasped her thin hands: ' John,' she said, 'for I cannot help thinking of that other one, and, perhaps, if this boy goes with bis baptismal crown bright upon him straight to Heaven, he may pray for him, for his father, who has — — — ' Mrs. Williams turned her face on the pillow, and both Annie and the Sister felt that she was praying for tbe husband who had left her, that she might meet him again in Heaven. The good Sister having ag;iin. knelt down for a very brief space, rose, and poured a small quan tity of the pure water from the jug into tbe palm of her hand-,- and bending over the little child as he lay in Annie's lapx she poured it over his brow, saying as she did so, in a calcn, soft voice, ' John. I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' Both Annie and Sister |Mary then nnde tbe holy sign upon their own brows. It seemed as if that great and awful sacrament so simply and so peaceably administered had recalled to their own minds bow they, too, had once received the blessed sacrament of baptism, and with the re collecition came the sense of sin and the thoughts of bow often and how often they bad stained their pure white garments with mortal sin. Annie stretched out her arm, and broke off from the Stem a little branch of the sweetest rose buds, the thoughts seemed. to strike her at once they told a tale of faultless innocence ; of life just bursting into flower, what more fit emblem of the little 'infant just entering into $. new life of purity and innocence. They were laid by the head of the little child ; tbeir beautiful colour threw a glow of pink across the tiny brow ; the con trast was perfect. Believe me, the children of tbe poor are artists in their waye — aye, and poets too. Well might the young girl almost smile through her tears as she gazed on.ber burden ; perhaps she was thinking how much the silent infant resembled the sacred immage of the little Cbrist wliich the Sisters of Charity used to expose on a litilecide altar of their chapel at holy Chrstmas tide, and often had Annie herself placed near the sacred Bambino the best flowers she could pro cure at that season of the year. Reverently I say it ; she herself- with her tearful, earnest eyes, bending over tbe child, and gazing. fondly and lovingly down upon his tiny headr%uri-!-unded as it was with the sweet china rose-buds, she, I say, was no' bad picture of the most Holy Mother, bending in love and adoration over her spotless child. So have I seen the sweet Mother of Christ in some of R:iphaelle's finest productions. An image of sorrowful purity and of perfect love liness bending in her meekness over the divine Infant. Had Father Francis ever represented the scene at Bethany in the village chapel, and chosen the present group to picture the Madonna and Child. I know not where he could have discovered a dry eye within the church. 'Sister Mary, look at him ! is he not beautiful lying there with the pink roses near him, so calm so still? I wonder whether the angels enjoy the sight of his baptismal crown as much as I do the beauty of his poor little face IV , The eyes of the Sister were turned ; upon ? the child; she startled slightly; the tears came to her eyes, ever so ready to weep at others' sorrow. 'My child!' she said, ' my child ! your little brother is himself enjoying the beatific vision ; he is among the innocents, singing the praises of the Lamb. His spirit is no longer here ; he is at rest.' Poor Annie. A sharp pang of grief passed through her heart: her little brother was her charge, her plaything, her chief treasure ; and having been so lately given her, was still not the more easily parted with. ' Dead !' she cried. ' No ! not dead, Sister ; — he was smiling a. minute ago; he is only asleep'; he will wake again.' Johnnie, my child, you have left us, and never known our love ; never] never will we see you again.,' Poor Annie, she bowed her bead and wept very bitterly ; it, was her fancy, poor child, whicb she dared not, however, express, that the blessed waters of baptism would have raised him up corporally as well as spiritually. No, my . ehild, the waters from your Savour's side are often inixed with tears, and He himself spent his blood to mingle with it, and to sanctify its influences. The kind Sister let her weep for a while, and then gently rousing her, pointed to the blue sky, said— 'Annie, he is there! Would you call him back again; would you be one of those who would not suffer. little children to go unto Him? If you persevere to the end, he will be given to you again ; though he may not come to you, yet you, perhapB, may go to him. Mary .is his Mother, now, and the blessed virgins— a countless multitude— his sisters, and they who sing the song which no man can know but those who sing it; are giving him his first lesson in that ever lasting hymn. Would you j my child, if you could, stop his singing ? . Grief is always selfish when No. inCoRRhcTl it is indulged ; you have your 'mother to think of, and other duties to fulfil. Come, let us com pose the pretty little corps, and then think how best we may prepare your mother to hear of his deatb. ' So saying, she placed the little body on its tiny couch, closed its eyes, and folded its little arms upon the breast, placing between their palms the little bunch of roses, then she reverendly sprinkled it with holy water ; whilst she was doing this^ Annie fell upon her knees, and was again one© more dissolved in tears. Sister Mary touched her on the shoulder, say ing firmly, but softly, ' Annie, love, look up. You must have courage ; think of your mother.'' ' Mother ! mother1! ' cried the poor girl, '*sbe. will go, too, soon, and I shall be left all alone^ ? ? Sister Mary. This is almost more tban I ca& bear.' ' Hush, Annie, dear; air things work together for good to those who love Him.' * At this moment there was a gentle tap at tbsr door, and directly afterwards Father Francis entered. With a sign, Sister Mary drew him aside, and briefly explained to him all.' ' You were right, my child : it was what the church has bid you in such a case. Dear little child, I need not breathe a prayer for him. Hope ; in this case gives way to certainty.' ' But,' said the religious, ' I am very fearful of the effect it may have on the mother in her weak state ; she must clearly understand that her little child died a baptized Christian, or I will not answer for the consequences.' . ' I will prepare her,' said the priest ; 'and do you, meanwhile lift up your hearts to God, that he may deal mercifully with this bis afflicted servant.' The priest approached the' bed of suffering an-? ?; death ; he was a true minister of the Master who was called ' Good ;' be longed to linger and to watch there where he most clearly saw his, Master's face. Tbe sight of holy sorrow fecT the flame of bis holy piety, drew his soul on to God, and made it.trejnble in unison with the heavenly strains wbiciTwere echoing before the throne of God. 'Well, my friend,' he said, ' how do we find ourselves to-day? Stronger in spirit, at least, I'll venture to predict, if not stronger in body.' With this introduction, he thought it well to plunge at once in medias res. ' Do you know I am here at your bedside, dear./ Mrs. Williams, to congratulate you on the new made Christian ; your little boy has been baptized,, he has put on Christ; you have brought him into the world, and given him to God. You know you and I have often talked, during your illness, ' of the pure, happy state of the newly- baptized ; of bow near to God, how almost godlike is the- .' innocent purity of the innocent newmade Christian after the short holy sacrament has washed him white in the blood of the Lamb j what a moment, then, to be taken, secure front all future trials to the boundless joys of the bosom ? of God. Do not fear, then, my good friend? '? for little Johnnie. You have a strong heart and stronger faith; Christ has begot him anew, and taken him to himself, to his own , Home.' ' ' Father, father !' interrupted tbe poor woman,,. J\ attempting to rise, but feebly sinking back again. 'Father, I see it all through your kind way of telling me. Baby is born to God, and is dead to .... me; ab, it is well ; but these are thorns, to my poor flesh. I have always striven.to say ? His will be done,' and I will say so, I am determined to say now.' Then, clasping her hands, ' Deaar ? Lord, Thy blessed will be done; have mercy ost me, since 1 find it so hard to say.' 'My child,' said the priest, 'I know it fe hard; human lips cannot say what. you. 'say', without trembling. God will receive them,, not in their own worth, but h& very valuable in the grace of Christ. Believe me, it is very well with the child, Yes, it is very well, he is gone to the freshest glory of god ; one of those who- sing the song robed in white garments, and who follow the Lamb withersoever he goeth. aYo^ ' would not call him back from this* I know yo© would not. Nay, struggle on a little longer is faith, and you will meet him there where tbe tears are wiped from every eye.' [To be continued,) . Eash ior Man. — By the year tw& thousand (says an American paper) it is probable ' that manual labour will 'have utterly ceased under the sun, and the occupation of the adjective ' har& fiked' will have gone for ever. They have novr-: in New Hampshire a potato-digging machinery which, drawn by horses down the rows, digs the potatoes, separates them from the dirt, and loads? tnem up into the oart, while the farmer walk© alongside, whistling ' Hail 'Columbia !' with his* hands in his pocketa. , _ ...... 