SBV SOUTH W A L Ey S i PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24. THE PitEsmiîNT took his seat at twenty-seven minutes past four o'clock. STATE-AID TO RELIGION. Mr, PLUNKETT presented a petition from the district of Camden against the abolition of State aid. j Petition received, i Mr. PLUNKETT presented a similar petition from Brisbane Water. Petition received. Mr PLUNKETT presented a petition from the district of Wellington to the same effect. Petition received Mr. PLUNKETT requested to state in reference to the numerous petitions presented by him, that he had received many letters from which it appeared that the position i would>havo been much more numerously signed,, but that he Petitioners were much surprised at the bill being sent up from the Assembly. I Mr. DEAS THOMSON, presented a petition from the parishioners of St. John the Evangelist, against the abolition of State-aid. Petition received, i Mr. DEAS THOMSON, presented a petition from St. Mark's to the same effect. Petition received. REAL ESTATE OF INTERSTATE. Mr. PLUNKETT gave notice that to-morrow he should move that the bill brought in from the Assembly yesterday to alter the succession to real property in case of intestacy be read a first time. GRAN IS FOR PUBLIC WORSHIP PROHIBITION BILL. The order of the day having been called for the resump- tion of the adjourned debate on the motion for the second reading of this bill having been called, The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved that the debate be further adjourned for one month. Papers had been moved for which had not been produced nor could they yet be. They referred to matters extending over a period of twelve years, and could not be readily got at or prepared. He made this motion in the view that it should be left to members having the conduct of measures to bring them on srpoetpone them as they thought most desirable and as representing the Government in this House as having a right to conduct the business in the way in which it was best to conduct it. If this motion were acceded to the Legislative Council Bill would be disposed of in committee, and it was thought would be finally disposed of. The returns moved for could not be produced within a short ported, and on this ground, as on others he had alluded to, he moved that the debate be adjourned for a month from this day, Mr. SCO IT seconded the motion. Mr DEAS THOMSON, could scarcely express the surprise the regretable indignation he felt at the proposal of the Attorney-General. He could scarcely believe his cars when he heard a Minister of the Crown make such a motion. In the whole of his political ox police he (Mr. Thomson) had not heard of anything like it, and he trusted that the House would have sufficient respect for itself to reject such a proposition. The ground on which the delay was asked was wholly insufficient, If the papers were so voluminous, let them not delay for them. He (Mr. Thomson) had yesterday stated to the honorable and learned member that he would do without them. This measure had been formerly postponed from time to time, and had been especially used for this day. If there were members absent who attended to private business rather than to the business of the country, let them attend to their private business ; but let those members who were now in their places have an opportunity of performing their duty to the public He (Mr. Thomson) wished to express his opinion on this subject, and although he should have benefited from delay, seeing that he was suffering from the prevailing epidemic yet he was not prepared for this motion, There was very little trifling yesterday ; some uneasiness was manifested by the hon. and learned member, not only as to this bill, but as to the Legislative Council Bill, but still no hint of this motion. In the present state of the House the Attorney-General might succeed, but if he did there were others in this House who would, perhaps, resent such a course of proceeding. Mr. KEMP said that the motion of the AttorneyGeneral had certainly taken him by surprise, for it was at the express request of the Attorney-General that he had moved that the debate be specially adjourned until this day, to have precedence, and if pressed to a division he should certainly vote for going on with the debate. Mr. PLUNKETT was happy to hear that his hon. friend was no party to the proposed adjournment ; the bill was in the hands of his hon. friend, and in possession of the House, and the Attorney-General had no more to do with it than any other member not in possession of the chair, and he doubted if it was competent to the Attorney-General to make any such motion. The PRESIDENT said that if there had been only one motion before the House, the Attorney-General, having spoken to that question, might not have been in order in making this motion, but there was also an amendment before the House, and, therefore, he thought the Attorney-General in order. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in reply, claimed his right as representing the Government. to conduct the Government business in the way he thought best for the good of the public. He denied that this bill was fixed to take precedence this day, and declared that his only object was to so arrange the conduct of important measures as to secure them full and ample discussion. Mr. PLUNKETT said the bill had been specially ordered to take precedence this day. The PRESIDENT (having referred to the Clerk) said it was so, but the bill standing first on the orders it had not been thought necessary to state it. On division there were Ayes, 4. Mr. Scott The Attorney-General | A.",,"" R Russell Mr. Byrnes J Tellers. Noes, 6. Mr. Deas Thomson Mr. Mitchell Kemp Plunkett Janiero Campbell Holden jloUorB Mr. KEMP then moved the resumption of the adjourned debate on the second reading of the Grants for Public Worship Prohibition Bill, and said he felt strongly his want of power to express his sense of the importance of the question before the House. He believed that on the result of the vote that would be given to-night the eternal welfare of unborn thousands in the distant interior would, in some degree, depend, that is, in so far as that matter could depend upon the acts of Buch finite beings as ours reives. Even if it could be shown to him that immediately on the passing of this measure there would be found persons throughout the country prepared to raise an amount for the support of public worship equivalent to that of which the several Churches would be deprived by this bill, he would still have objections to its passing ; because he held it to be the duty of a Christian State to assist in promoting the spread of the Christian religion. He maintained this on the great Ben third principle that the State should provide for the greatest good of the greatest number. He could imagine no good equal to the providing for the spiritual and eternal welfare of the inhabitants of the country. Therefore, as a citizen not as a Churchman he must protest against any measure which should tend to dissent the country of which he was a citizen from the public acknowledgment of religion. That would be the effect of the bill now before the House, and therefore he intended to vote against it. There might be a large number of the present population of the country who would not be affected by it they would deem it their duty to provide for the maintenance of religion according to the best of their ability. But as the present generation passed away the interior of the country must be populated by those to whom the name of religion had almost become a mere matter of history. He did not make this assertion at random, having had the means of knowing what was the state of feeling in the interior in that matter. He could mention the names of clergymen some of them graduates of the English Universities who wore subsisting on miserable pittance that scarcely enabled them to find subsistence for their families; and that notwithstanding the amount of assistance that we were enabled to give them from Sydney. In the parish of St. James, in addition to the estimable and learned clergyman who received £200 a-year from the State, a curate was maintained by the loan- j gregation, who also paid a sufficient sum to the Church Society to maintain a minister in the interior, and they also I assisted to maintain another clergyman, who devoted his attention to charitable institutions in Sydney. At St. Philip's an assistant minister to Dean Cowper was maintained by the congregation. Under the present system of State-aid the £400 a-year given in those two parishes, draw forth from that portion of the public something like £1200 or £1300 a-year. He denied that the principle of supply and demand could be applied to questions of religion and morals, because the less a person knew about religion, the less he would feel the want of it. It had been said sneeringly that the clergy were looked upon as a kind of moral police. He believed that they did perform the duties of police in a very efficient manner, and that they did much to prevent crime. When the rush to Burrangong took place, there was no clergyman residing within many miles of the spot and the coat which, had been incurred on that gold-field had exceeded the amount of Schedule C many times over, besides the indelible disgrace that it had inflicted on the colony. At the Lachlan, however, where twice as many people had been collected together, there was an intelligent and active young clergyman before the population arrived; and although he had probably not given direct ministrations to one tenth of the people collected there, he was a point around which the respectable and decent Koplo could rally. A great deal had been said about the extension and the importance of the voluntary system. The great apostle of Voluntaryism in England, Mr. Miall, had laid it down that Voluntaryism consisted in this-that the minister and the ordinances of religion should be supported by the free gifts of those who attended them. Now he (Mr. Kemp) believed there was very little of that in this colony. His hon. friend, Mr. M'Arthur had spoken of the Minister of St. Barnabas Church, Mr. Smith, as being supported by the Voluntary system. That rev. gentleman was, no doubt, a very active and zealous man ; but he was not supported altogether by the Voluntary system, as he had received more than two-thirds of his salary from extraneous sources, and if he had to depend upon the people among whom he laboured, he would not Ki in such a (good case as he was at present. The house of Mr family was, there fore no evidence of the elLora of the Voluntary system. His Iwn. friend had also spoken >| about Worsley ailing Nodoubr there had been a great Bore id of rt lip ion owing to the exertions of the people called Methodists; but he denied that that was altogether voluntary, mum especially in the United Slates, in Canada, and in this- colony, IIH m nil thus cases Wesleyanism had had for many earn support from the State, according to their proportion of (bo population He did not believe that there was a single Christian body in (his colony that had not received assistance from the State. There was no Christian boil) in Sydney that was so violent against the present State-aid system as the Baptists, and he happened to know that the Baptist Chapel WAH built on land belonging to the Government We could afford to treat with cain ] parents by the statements so frequently reported that Christi daily and assistance from the Government were incompatible, 'The hon member (Mr. M'Arthur had on flavoured to show what a much larger amount of church accommodation the Wesleyans in (the colony gave in pr) portion of the population than any other denomination, Now, while all the other denominations filled up the return with the number of buildings set apart for public worship, and the average number of attendants, the Were) any left out the very important column showing how many chapels they had, and how many persons whose held, and only gave the average number of attendants. The return he referred to showed that St. James's Church witH set down an holding 1700 parsons. But there were three congregations of that church ivory Sunday and at St, Mary's Cathedral there were two or three services before people were out of their bed in the morning. But the one attendance at either of these churches was compared by the hon. member with the total number attending on the Sunday of the Wesleyan churches. Ills hon. friend had also dwelt upon the success that had attended the Free Church in Scotland. That was no doubt a noble movement Hut v bat was the state of the case now? He would (unto from the valedictory address of the Rev. Dr Guthrie, at the breaking up of the Assembly of the Church of Scotland, on the 3rd of June last. Dr. Guthrie said I take leave to say that the lives of our ministers are inadequate, (Hear, hear ) I take leave to say more I like leave to say that the fixing of ministers are quite inadequate to their position, and to their ino nable and unavoidable outlays. Luke leave very distinctly and very expressly to say that, and what is the result of that what shall be and will be themselves it- the greatest calamity if that can befall the Church, for v. worse than persecution, and far worse than oppression All hail to the storm that with God's blessing and good management, dm CE the ship on instead of driving her back, That calamity which I dread, next to the withdrawal of the Divine blessing as the greatest of all, is that the rising talent and genius and energy of our country should leave the Church for other pro- fessions. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Guthrie then gave one or two illustrations of the manner in which the claims of ministers were c\ called, among which were the case of a wearer who never ited small stipends because the Church never had such ministers as in these days when they went about in sheepskins and goats' skins, and lived in caves and holes of the earth. In reply to this Dr. Guthrie said-If any people sympathise with this expression, I answer that I have a radical objection to caves-they create damp -(laughter)and, secondly, as to the habiliments, it will be time enough to take up that question when our people are prepared to walk along Princes-street with us - (laughter) with me, not in this antique dress, but in the more primitive and antiquated fashion of goat skins with the horns on. (Loud laughter and applause ) Another case was that of a lady, rustling In silk, who condoled with a poor minister's wife by saying police, "Your reward is above." such a statement, in such circumstances (said Dr. Guthrie), from silks and satins was disgusting—it is cant, the grossest kind, and enough to make religion stink in the nostrils of the world. (Loud applause) Would that saying make the minister's stipend pay the minister's accounts ? Fancy the worthy man going to be baker or his butcher, and, instead of paying down money, turning up the whites of his eyes and saying, "Your reward is above." (Loud laughter and applause,) I fancy they would say, " Oh, no, my good sir, that will not pay the bill, " and I say what does not pay the bills does not pay by the ministers' stipends as they ought to be paid. (Loud applause ) After maintaining that ministers' Iii Inga in none of the Churches had risen with the in- comes of professions and trades, and that in that respect the position of ministers was worse than it was half a century ago, the Moderator proceeded Fathers and Brethren, there are worse i evils than those I have been speaking of. Bin that which I wished to address this House upon is this, that the result of the inadequate Hv ings of our ministers is-I don't say it is yet, but as sure as the tide will make at Leith to-morrow it is the law of Providence, it has never been otherwise, unless in extraordinary outpourings of the Spirit-the result will boarded it u in the hands of the Christian people under God to prevent it, that the rising talent, and genius, and energy of our country will go away to other professions, and will leave the pulpit. That was not quite such a glowing statement, with regard to the prosperity of the Free Church in the twentieth year of her existence, as his hon. friend had given, The advocates of the \ voluntary system were accustomed to point to America as the country where it had been in most successful operation He would, however, quote an extract from a work by Dr James Wylie, whose argument was that, in that country the people did not do their duty with regard to the support of religious worship. That author says : Ihlscvilofan inadequately supported gospel ministry is one of ancient standing. It hath prescription on its side, like many other CMIS of our fallen world. That is no reason, however, why we should suffer it to continue. On the contrary, the very fact that it has already wrought so much mischief, darkened so many homes, worn down with anxiety and grief so many noble spirits, and ruined, shall we say, so many immortal souls, is the very reason why we should strain every nerve to extinguish it now. Shall its w thering shadow be stretched out upon the Church from generation to generation t Surely no. It is, too, it must he observed, a wide-spread oil. An inadequately supported ministry is at this hour the reproach, not of this church, or of that church, but of all churches. There is not one that can say "Inniclcar in this matter " To begin with America. The various evangelical denominations in the United States comprise about 1500 ministers. In 1853, the Presbyterian Synod of Philadelphia, a body that counts upwards of 2000 ministers, issued a pastoral address, in which they say, " We may claim for these mines is that they are, in the aggregate, men of liber ü educa term, of intelligence, of earnest piety, and of eminent usefulness. The) are the efficient friends of popular education. The great churches of the country and in them their ablest Btippoiiers. His) are the zealous, advocates of all judicious schemes of social progress They are always on the side of law and order. Their whole influence goes to extinguish vice, to repress turbulence, to impregnate the public mind with virtuous and patriotic sentiments, to mould the discordant materials of our population into a homogi neous mass, and to consolidate our social and political institu- tions , . , And yet this body of men is not supported ! So far from being supported, the greater part of them are kept in a state of precarious dependence, or, as the alternative obliged to eke out a livelihood by combining some secular avocation with their appropriate work. It has been estimated that the pastors of this country are compelled to devote from one-third to one half of their time to worldly callings. In numerous instances they are oppressed with habitual anxiety, and driven to painful expedients, in order to provide their families with the common comforts of life Not unfrequently they have to deny their children the advantages of a suitable education. He (Mr. Kemp) regretted to say that frequently in this colony the clergy were unable to give to their children a suitable education. He had a few further short extracts which he desired to quote in support of his opinions upon this important question, and these, with permission, he would now read to the House One of these authorities was the following, from Dr. Dwight "A sober man," said that eminent divine, " who knows the United States, can hardly hesi- rate, whatever may have been his original opinion concern- ing this Subject, to behave that a Legislature is bound to establish the public worship of God." An American Home missionary (Report of a Missionary Society for the year 1827) expressed himself as in the following forcible terms in respect of the state of America under the voluntary system. " Not much less than half the population of the United States is, in an alarming degree, destitute of the regular administration of Gospel ordinances," In the Report of the Domestic and Foreign Episcopal Missionary Society (U. S ), fourth-year 1830, he found the following remarkable passage :— From its first institution this society has contemplated, with the deepest sympathy, the utter destitution of thousands of families of our people, scattered over the wide and fertile regions of the west, or collected in flourishing villages on its countless and magnificent water-courses For Christian people in a land called Christian, to live for years destitute of Christianpnvilegos, and to rear their children where the voice of public prayer is never heard, and where the benediction of the ministers of the sanctuary is seldom pronounced, even over the grave of the lamented, dead, is shocking to our better feelings. The Massachusetts Society for Promoting Christian Know- ledge, in one of its annual reports, expressed itself, in its collective capacity, as follows in connection with this subject - A FEW years since, in New Hampshire, the towns of Newington, Greenland, streatham, Newmarket, and Durham, had all settled Congregational ministers. Now they are in a destitute and he oken state. There yet remain a considerable number who are disposed to maintain religious order, and a few friends to evangelical truth, who are famishing for the sincere milk of the Wara. But only a small proportion of the people are disposed to raise money to support pious, regular, and well-instructed teachers. In the " Secession Magazine," A D. 1839, was the following passage - the Protestant episcopacy have considerably more than a third of their churches unsupplied with ministers the Lutherans have five-sixths vacant; the Universalist one-half the Christian Social) three-fourths ; the Presbyterian church a fifth ; the Congregationalists more than a third the free-will Baptists a fourth; the ASSociate Presbyterians one-half, the Dutch Ro formed nearly two-third ; the Cumberland Presbyterian one third the Seventh Day Baptiste a fourth. Comparing these vacancies with the estimated population belonging to each Boot, we shall find that among the Cnlvlnlstlo Baptists there must be about 920 000 persons destitute of the ministration of Gospel ordinance, and among the other Baptists the proportion is much the same. By the same mode of calculation, the Presbyterian Church has a population of 300,000, whom it cannot supply with means of grace, though this Church he, perhaps, the most flourishing of nil -" Secession Magazine," as quoted in a speech by Lord Sandon, at Freemasons' Hall, London, 1839. 2 The Annual Report of an American Tract Society for the year 1833, contained the following passage : It is estimated by those who have the best means of judging that not far from five millions of our population are now un- blessed with the means of grace. , In a work of some authority, entitled Domestic Manners of the Americans, he read this remark I A stranger taking up his residence in any city in America, must think the natives the most religious nation upon earth; but If chance lead him among our western villages, he will rarely find either churches or chapels, prayer or preacher. Now, in the face of all these facts, what he would ask, was the use of referring to any isolated cases regarded the state of some church at Boston, or any other locality, whereapopular preacher was handsomely supported by a wealthy congress tion? Dr. AA'nbirforco.inhisdeeplyinterestingandvaluable work on the American Episcopal Church (page 437), is forced to make the melancholy admission that few of the poor belong to it." Was it possible for any stronger condemnation to be uttered against any system which could perpetrate such a state of things The passage be referred to was as follows . Few of the poor belong to it. It is the religion of the affluent and the respectable; bat by It as yet the Gospel is not largely preached to the poor. The very aspect of the churches bosnoalM as much. And again . The one predominant Idea in the churches of America is to obtain the largest number of pew", which from fronting the pulpit shall let at remunerating- price. for Senator every M rangement, In connection with this new whom, he felt that he owing stews w 'VET qHoto from the New York oorroapDttlent of the Philadelphia Press The writer was speaking of Mr Henry Ward Bel cher, the popular preacher brother of the well- known authoress Mrs Harriet Beecher Stowe. The writer paid - Religion OIL auctioneering were actively amused at the annual renting of pews in the Rev Henry V, Ward Beecher e church, at Brooklyn Two Uinntanl persons were present Aft ira speech by Mr Beecher the " lotioncer resumed the hammer, an 1 In two hours kicked down nearly all the DORS and of and in the church The highest or maim paid for a pew as 100 a altars and the lowest 2, cents Every pew brought a premium but on"' As usual, many who were not flush of cash were, says the poor respondent turned out of the synagogue ' lim members would observe the difference in the price of the pews The renting appeared to be an annual affair and the "bidding" for the most comfortable places in the synagogue- those nearest the pulpit very probably— whilst the seat for twenty-five cents was doubtless some draughty out of the way corner (Great laughter ) Another tract from Dr Wilberforce This must be to a great extent the result of their position. AS a General rule, they possess no ended ments the building of a church is often a money speculation; the sale of pews is to cover the expenses of the managing committee the pen lies lost are the parish, and they elect and par the dedman by an assessment on the pews All this must exclude the poor they cannot subscribe at least, they cannot pay pew rents , they have no a art therefore in the matter The clergyman has no parochial ch arise the parish no territorial existence , the clergyman is the hired servant of the pewowners to perform a certain work Thus the poor are parted wholly by, they are the oh cargo of no one Judge Hoffman, himself an American laymen, makes the following unpleasant statement - The fact is that the tally have almost absolute control over a clergyman, and they sometimes use It most mercilessly It is within the power of one active, persevering ill-minded man. to drive from a parish any clergyman however nt and conscientious, and too often indeed, is the wretched alternative of martyrs subserviency pmented to the victim of some crude notion or churchmanship, or some hasty and cherished prejudice the Reverend Mr Oaf will save Although, as I have stated, the American church possesses several valuable endowments, her ministers are far too dope ide it on their congregations for the means of support and continual of in their parochial charge All this shewed him (Mr Kemp) that religion in AmorU left off precisely where the people wanted its ministrations, where they could not afford to pay for its consolations paid for its beneficent influence. If they were produced in this country, to depend upon the abominable pow system a system which was often found to be a great nuisBcco, even as things stood at present-the state of religion could not but be very prejudicially affected Too hon member, Mr McArthur had objected to the present system of State-aid on the ground that the support accorded was participated in by persons who hold what the Attorney General called contradictory doctrines '-and that to participate in such support was wholly indefensible He (Mr. Kemp) thought that they ought to take the case as it blood, and not as they might individually desire it to be so, as an individual member of the Church of England, of court held that he was right, and wished others were members of that communion to which he had thopnvilogoto belong Nevertheless he could not but fear that there was at the bottom of all this opposition to State-aid, as it existed in this colony, a sectarian rancour against their Roman Catholic brethren He thought much of this opposition to State aid arose from the fact that it was extended to that Church as well as hold out to the principal Protestant Churches (Hear, near ) There were no doubt, many persons who fancied such a feeling of hostility to the Roman Catholic Church a very commendable thing, and some, especially in Ireland who fancied that to curse the SDOple was the some of religious Beaumont (Hear, hear ) but such feelings were not worth consideration in the settlement of this all important subject, neither was it fair to argue that be cause the Roman Catholic Church rejected State and in Ireland it was inconsistent in the head of that of in an- Eton to accept State aid in New South Wales. The case hero v, as something widely different Many regretted that early in this century the enlightened policy of But had not been carried out in Ireland, and a fair share of State support granted to that Church. It could have been done then, but it had now become an impossibility It was an admitted fact that in Ireland the only object that the Go government had in desiring to offer State support to the Roman Catholic Church was to obtain some direct central over its membere lay and clerical (Hear, hear ) Such had never been the intention of the Government in this colony, and the aid of the State was thus not obnoxious to the ecclesiastical authorities. If It had been accompanied by the con- tingencies annexed to it in Ireland, he doubted not but that his Grace Archbishop Polding would have objected to State aid here as much as Archbishop M'Hale did in Ireland Every Church must carry out its own particular policy it it was to exist as a separate communion, and this was as true of the Episcopal Church as of the Church of Rome He would trouble the House with another extract -one furn a sermon preached by Dean Trench of West minster, which exemplified what he thought ought to be felt by Christians towards each other even where they might happen to differ on some very important points. It was a discourse on the text, There is one body and one spirit," loan Trench said - The Church Is one-one mystical body, as we call it-having one Author, which is God, and one Road, which is Christ, and one informing Spirit, which is the Holy Ghost, having one country, towards which all its members are travelling, which is heaven , one code of instructions to guide them thither, which is the Word of God, one and the same band of comics seeking to bar their passage, which are the world, the flesh, and the devil, having the same effectual assistance, in the shape of of Sacraments and other means of grace to enable them to ov creme these enemies, and of God's good favour to attain the land of their rest line has need to remember, it s time like the present, all these points wherein the unity of the Church consists , else, looking out at the distracted spectacle which a Christendom at this day presents, torn and rent in pieces, divided into so many, alas 1 oftentimes hostile ci mi b, c might be tempted to think that this in It was now here, that Christ's promises had failed to find, Indeed, of the Church, being, as they are, so far more dreadful than the sins of the world, have hindered those promises from taking full effect the prayer to his Father for His people, that they might be one, even as We are One, has not had that girl lous and manifest fulfilment which it might have had, live in it, of the Church has withdrawn itself from observe ation. And yet for all this, and despite of all the miserable divisions of those calm call themselves by the same holy name but yet seem only anxious to disclaim brotherhood one with another, Gods word stands fiBt, " There is one body and one spirit, and wherever there is on this redeemed earth, under whatever forms, mixed, debated, overlaid with whatever superstitious, any true love to God, and for God's sake, love to man, any true alliance with Christ and his sacrifice, any true obedience to the spirit and his leading, there, in the man of whom this may be affirmed, exists a member of this mystical body whereof the apostle speaks He may have learned to pronounce his anathema upon us, we may refuse to include him in our Harrop scheme of Christian fellow- ship, but happily neither be nor we have a voice conclusive, nor, indeed, a voice potential at all, to determine who are members of this body, and who are not It is a body far wider than his anathema, than our narrow hearted exclusiveness would leave it, and he, who would fain shut out us, and we, who would willingly shut out him, may both belong to it alike, God's charity being so much mightier than our want of charity, He blessing where we would curse, The including where we would only exclude. Despite of our divisions, enmities, debates, all our reader nisB to bite and devour one another, all our denials by word and deed of the truth affirmed in my text that truth remains that truth stands unshaken , " There is one body and one spirit." In his opinion, all who might be truly said to share in such an unity of faith and feeling as was here described, might, without fear, receive assistance from the State, even although the extension of such aid might be shared in by Christians from whom they, on some points, materially differed. He contended that the ministrations of the ordinances of religion ought to be duly maintained, and not be left to the mere contingencies of the Voluntary system in about some permanent provision the fluctuation of the population and of the wealth of a district would at all times be likely to interfere in a very serious manner with the maintenance of unendowed churches and chapels He would read two answers returned by the Rev George Osborne, Wesleyan minister, when questioned before a Parliamentary committee respecting church rates, 1775 has it come within your knowledge that dissenting chapels have been obliged to be closed, in consequence of the richer portion of the community having left the place 1 A When the middle classes and well to do people, who have been in the habit of attending the chapel go away into the country, or to some suburban residence, it follows almost as a matter of course that the seat rents fail, and another chapel is erected in a suburban district, and the congregation is transferred, and the chapel ceases to be occupied as it was formerly 1770 You do not find in your experience that the poor leave the locality 1 A. No , they are fastened to it, and that one consideration weigliBvcry much with me as to the importance of a territorial provision, which shall be independent of the fluctuations of commerce and other causes which are constantly occurring The Attorney-General had said that the number of petitions which had been sent in against the bill merely showed that there had been an organisation against the bill, but it showed more than that the feeling of the people had not been against the bill, the organization complained of would have proved inoperative The letter of the Bishop of Newcastle had doubtless been more particularly intended for his own people, but only one petition had been produced by it in favour of the bill. The letter he had written had been circulated through the country, but the people had not fallen in with his views in this matter, because they thought that the prayer of the petition in favour of the bill might perhaps be more regarded than the condition annexed thereto. No doubt there was an organisation against the bill, but it was one which was in accordance with the feelings of the people Over 10,000 petitioners had petitioned against this bill, white those who petitioned in its favour were less than 4000. (Hear, year They were threatened with a worse bill next year, but he did not see how there could be a worse bill than this He was aware that more than one hon. member was prepared to give his support to this bill because they thought that the interests of the clergymen now receiving stipends were secured for their lives He had as much respect as any one could have for existing clergymen, but he did not think that the rights of existing clergymen only should now be considered, and he was happy to say that this tribe held out so clergymen had not availed the promoters of this bill. It was Indeed rumoured flint two Roman Catholic clergymen st Yass were in favour of the bill one of them was in England, the other had given an Implicit denial to the statement. There were other grounds, legal grounds, on which he might object to this bill, but these he should leave to hon members who would follow him and he would merely state his belief that the contracts which had been entered into between the Government and various persons and communities under Sir Richard Bourke's Act were as valid and binding as if each and every one of them had been a separate contract with individual or parish, and entered into under the great seal of the colony, with the signature of the Governor attached. He did not believe, however, that this hill would secure to the existing stories that which it professed to do. It was all very well for the Attorney-General to say that if any legal mombori.wottld propaw words what would have this off, yet he would consent to thoirlñtrñÜT*i lion ; but if the bill as it now stood did Secure to MiSs of religion their? existing stipes 8, it was a money bill the the Assembly had not treated it as' "a money bill. R Wayn !? previous proceedings of that body. There was, however, no doubt whatever in his mind that the u., I This bill passed, the stipends of the clergyman at once, it was not his usage to trespass upon ZmT the House at any length, and he felt that he mu : LI? for having so long detained them to-night, and not have done so in reference to any subject on which he felt less earnestly than he did on that now bnfJ,,1 Uo, He did hope however, that by their vote theM? Council would show that it had not yet arrived at a" ,". .ta.oofindiirorenoe.to religion. Not that he nears tbiitultwho ware in favour of this bill were India. r. to religion; on the contrary, he believes? were many good men amongst its supporters, but they Zl labouring under an hallucination which he could not 1,. in that, if State-aid were withdrawn religion would so He would not believe it. Those supports of thW talked of the divisions amongst those who supported State aid, but he could ask those who Hiked of divisions who " ' their associates in support of this bill Weathers made up of the very scum, of society? ("ATIORVHV GENERAL: Oh, oh!] He heart oh, oh? I he should like to be told what "rU"" of the scum of the community there was that his nails favour of this bill. He thought, then, that those ROOM, and there were many who were in favour of this bill ,h»"í¡ parte when they found who they were who were on the side. He hoped that the Council would throw out this way If not it would doom a large portion of the future penal,. lion or this country to irreligion and infidelity. HoeW costly hoped that the matter would receive perfect considered lion, and that members who, from motives of expedient,' might be disposed to vote in favour of the bill, would not persist in such a course. He hoped and believed that the Council, by its vote to-night, would throw out this bill and if they did throw it out he felt assured that there would on one cry-one should throughout the lund thakin- God that there was a Legislative Council of left to represent! the country. shows Mr. DEAS THOMSON agreed, as to the importance of the subject, with what had fallen from his honorable friend who had preceded him, and he would endeavour to approach it with the same moderation which had characterised the speech which they had just heard. His honorable friend had anticipated many of the arguments which he should have placed before this House, and he thanked! him for having done so, as it would not only the him (Mr. Thomson) some trouble, but these arguments had been placed more forcibly before the Council than, he I could have done. It was his determination, like that of his hon. friend, to give his firm support to the amendment which had been proposed. This measure he looked upon as one of the most ill-advised that had ever been brought before this or any other House of Legislature. When Louai sidered that its most important provisions were adopted it the lost roomont-wore brought forward without notice, after the bill had been taken through its various stages up to the third reading provisions which repealed an important portion of the Constitution Act, which wholly repealed in Actvihichhad worked bcnoüchclly for some thirty years and this without notice to the Legislative Assembly of 5 (ho public, there was ample room for his observations. No doubuhis course had been resorted to in order to stave off a ministerial defeat, but he ventured to say that if such a course were resorted to in the House of Commons, (to' votes would be lost for every one that was gained. ' The effect of these provisions would be to throw everything into confusion, not only in reference to the clergy, but also in' reference to nil Church properly, Schedule C. of the Coal.' stitution Act was repealed, as there was no fund from which the clergy could be paid, and it was impossible by any, amendment which this House could introduce into the bill to make a provision. Nor was it competent to the AI-' f embly to introduce any such provision if the terms of the Constitution Act were observed. It was all very well to say that by a subsequent clause clergymen were per- ' mitted to receive their stipends ; but the clause was merely a permissive, and there was no fund from which their stipends could be paid. This bill was no final settlement of the question, (his bill was no measure of peace ; onthe combated it was only making its question to be brought forward year by year, every year giving rise to angry feeling. On fair ground the bill should be rejected. As to the matter of form, he would only repeat that the usual course with respect to money bills had not been observed. The bill had not been introduced in committee of the Assembly, nor had the previous necessary step of a message from the; Governor been observed. The Constitution Act was quite clear on this point, and although the Attorney- General! might be willing to accept an amendment, it was put of the power of this House to make any such ; such an amendment would be contrary to law, and he believed that the Governor would feel himself compelled to refuse the Royal assent. Be believed that to carry this bill would be a direct breach of the contract made with the Crown when the Constitution Act was passed. The Crown then ceded to the colony all its revenues-territorial, casual, droits of the Crown-all in the comprehensive terms used-; arising from any source whatever ; but there was no casilda of these sums already devoted to religious purposes. No doubt he should be told that in a despatch permission was given to alter the terms ; but this related only to oarUia 1 bulwarks, and had nothing whatever to do with the funds set' apart for religious purposes. Under the guarantee of Sir Richard Bourke's Act contracts had been entered into, and although they had been told that Sir Richard Bourke's Act had really been a dead letter since 18-12, he thought that his hon. and learned friend behind him (Mr. Plunkett) had shown that such was not the case. The funds had been, regularly dispensed, in accordance with regulations framed under that Act, and if he could have procured the return! he had moved for, he believed he should have been able to show that there were some thirty applications from the. Church of England recorded under that Act, and only waiting for available funds to be dealt with. There were no grounds for saying that the Act had become a dead letter ; it was still unrepealed, and there were applications now pending under it. More than this,' the sum granted had keen supplemented in 1851 by £0100,' in 1855, by £6000; in 1856, by £14,000; in 1857, by; £14,328; in 1859, when they first tasted the blessings of manhood suffrage, this was cut down tots,; but in the same year another sum was voted, and he believed paid, oil of which stipends were met ; but since that time no saddle lions had been made to it. He believed that the most beneficial contoquonceahad arisen from Sir Richard Bourke's Act, and if it had been carried out, we should not now be paying the enormous sums we wore for police and gaols ; there would never have been required if relates had been carried to the doors of our distant solders. Ihb,' however, he hoped to be able to show more clearly by argues minis end quotations with which he would trouble the House hereafter. He fully agreed with his hon. friend who had preceded him that this measure was contrary to) public opinion and feeling. He found from a return In had procured that there had been presented to the War lative Assembly ninety-five petitions against this til: with 14,77 signatures, in favour of the bar forty- seven petitions with 4982 signatures, and in favour of the abolition of State-aid, reserving existing interests, is petitions with 4024 signatures; and to the Council, exclusive of the petitions presented to-day, there had been 61 petitions against the bill, with 9694 sigMa! rates, and 6 in favour of it, with only 955 signatures ; so that the petitions were ten-fold against the bill and as they were asked to have regard to public opinion \- to respect the right of petition he hoped it would be done in this case. They were told by the opponents of State-aid that it was wrong far the Government to support error; but if the objection was analysed there would be found to be but little in it. There was no dominant Church here. The Government did not say what was error, what not. The Government morely! supported the great fundamental Christian truth by the distribution of a certain portion of the funds raised. Dust tributiDg them pro rata, so that if the Church of! England got a larger amount it was only in proportion to the amount contributed by her members, and so with the Roman Catholics tal others. Such an objection might have some weight England where the State recognised only one Church, lot Koroit had no force. His hon. friend who had preceeded him, had dealt pretty fully with the speech of the hon. member, Mr. M'Arthur, in reference to the voluntary System Is America, but he would add a few words. There was main difficulty in procuring statistical information; he found the a census had been taken in 1890, but there was no religious information in this, and he must, therefore, in candour take the whole figures from the census of 1850. as found from this census that in 1850 the population of the States, amounted to 23,191,879 souls; of the 3,200,000 were slaves; the number of churches wasJ&.UiJi and the church accommodation provided was fojl3,Mll,w»» So that with the Voluntary system, in America, in 18 there were 9,342,070 for whom there was no church open modation whatever. He had found that many. distinguished authors who had written respecting Amonoa, m expressed the doubt whether a Government or a country could prosper that did not by some direct means encourage the Christian religion. He would quote from an authority that would command respect wherever his name was rising tioned the eminent jurist, Mr. Justice Storey who, is referring to this subject, said :- : Probably it tho time of the adoption of the wns'Untto,u" of the amendment to it, now under eo^,dTtt~LÄ"jSi not universal sentiment in America. was ^'C^Z^S to receive encouragement from the State, so far M was notmeoo} parable with the private rights of conscience, and the freedom religious worship, an attempt to level all religion is "so new a matter of State policy to hold all 16 ""or 'nmfforon» Was haTcreaUd univ oVe-kanprota^ It yet remains a problem to be solved in human own weather and free Government can be permanent, where the |>uW worship'«rffJod!andthVsupportof religion, const tute,nopart (hi Mile or duty of the State in any assignable shaped "ttuiSncricnc¡of Christendom, and chiefly of the Vmerl j assets. tEst "till this problem in yet now in the Malay oW A5undwí>U as been, a. experiment "Uiottwf lfthTèmment jurist had been living at the Prewntltaj s s "unity might, by acting under his advice, have to saved from its present calamities and deplorable state)." (Mr Deas Thomson) considered it, .»»jtow«*« for the interests of this community that State-ad,h£ be continued; and he was determined to fpwrillto« sition in his power to the repeal of Sir W^|»*S Act. He found that since that Act was Pty £7 cations that had been made on behalf of theatres England amounted to 29,600 ; from the Romanoffs 14,000: from the Presbyterians, £700; and from the W eyons'llOO But he saved that the life? did not raft least the same number, because Amongst the Western \--- ' different mode of distribution-the ' figs not said at the end of the year times. " Liiovtd, distributed under the chair WiW ." V conference The total number of gas He had been 49,300 It might fairly be taken 'Jf"* L Church of England the sum of £100 000 had W «Tod in consequence of the stimulus given by Sir K 5 Bourke's Act The members of the Church of £ listed numbered about half the population, conse lDffi similar turn had probably been raised by the 'v fen munions, and thus there would have been L F CO COO raised But as a large number of con- "s . are had been made by private individuals without retribution from the State, he believed he would not "is wrong in saying that the entire sum raised had "'"arise between £230,000 and £300 000 and were, now called upon to abrogate an " v h uaQ been attended with such headings ,MICI¡CCB as this without any notice whatever to the ?' 10 the parties interested The lion and lo rned lunar General, in speaking.,' of Sir Richard Bourke's it and it had been M i y mischievous He was very much i much to hear the hon an 1 accrued member make use of '".¿Dcxprfifim, as he misbehave seen the benefit that Mmciuid to the community from the gene- ii operation of Hiieafure He (Mr. Deas 1 houison) begin work, on the ,", that the Aeteouldu't to abrogate d without the start of iWo mischief to the community Cno oil co Lid is to throw the property of the Church Inti confu " Under the Church Act trustees had been appointed UteJd thepioiwfy Both the Church of England and v. PfKbltinuu Church had placed Acts to put their Ifhuicbcs on a proper fluting But those Acts had been iiEsedupon the basis of the Church Act, and he falls so much whether the sweeping away of the I should not throw the whole into confusion At all r'niBihotediEonnniitluns that had not passed democrat , i Ade would have no legal title to their property. He maintained that it was the bounden duty of every Go TciLment to provide for the religious instruction of A people-that to do to was a wise, beneficent, ad sum meal measure Even providing on the low road of morality, it would be wise in a Government to Le proper provision for the "religious instruction of the "pie flowergirl quote a passage from Edmund Burke 21, in his "Reflections on the Revolution in France' coincided the atheistical and abominable measures that he Um adopted at the en of the French Itcvolutua üjfioeetdid to draw a comparison between in what he! Ubitlncem England and was it had taken place in France Ijouiid Burlio bind - r remarked that all things ought to be done with reference, and the cry 'I to 'be l point of reference to which all should be by no) Hi think themselves bound not only as individuals Bill (victory of the heart, or as congregated in that personal directs it renew the memory of their high origin and east, but i au tar reason to character to perform their national home utlolbo instanter, and author and protector of civil society To Hi acts civil society man could not by any possibility arrive iuttp*rftctirnt of which his nature is capable, not even make a «to e and faint approach to it They conceive that he who in our nature to be perfected by our virtue wilted also the ne L «ta as befits perfection He visited, therefore hostile Bull ed He connexion subtle BOUICO and original archetype ¡itlircrfcction They who are convinced of this Ills will, which j ill law or laws and the sovereign of sovereigns, cannot think tiijnlitDFiulc that this our corporate fealty and homage, that the recognition of a eignioryiparaniount, I had almost said a obliged of the state itself, as a worthy offering on the high time all-in war praise, should be performed as all public, solemn in are performed, in buildings, in music, In decoration, in much in the dignity of persons, according to the customs of iiLiuii taught by their nature, that is, with modest splen rest with in assuming state, with mild majesty and Bohcr pomp, ForttoEQ lurpuBCs they think some part of the wealth of the Ministry is as usefully employed as it can be in fomenting the 1 jury of ii Uividiials It is the public ornament It is the pub IccoMolation It nourishes the public hope The poorest man Harbison importance and dignity in it, whilst the wealth and pit if individuals at every moment makes the man of humble inlaid fortune sensible of his inferiority, and degrades and first ties condition. It is for the man in humble life, and to the same nature of d to put him in mind of a state in which the trinities o' opulence will come, when he will be equal by nature, KdEiay be in ore than equal by a fire, that this portion of the rural wealth of his country is employed and sanetiBod I It is from our attachment to a church establishment that the laM nation did not think it wise to entrust that great funds died in terest of the whole to what they trust no part of their 111er military able BY vice, that is, to the unsteady and pre- tains cor Intuition of individuals they go further They mainly never have suffered, and never will suffer, the tWcd (ethical Ihr- church to be converted into a pension, to depend inthe treasury and to be delayed, withheld, or perhaps to be iiltgoiEhtd by fiscal difficulties w Inch difficulties may sometimes be pretended for political purposes, and are in fact often brought on by the extra usance, negligence, and rapacity of poU us! flit l couple of F. England think that they have constitu Us5 motives, as well as religious, against open project of turning Iii j indi undent clergy) into ecclesiastical pensioners of state still lies I be for their liberty, from the influence of a clergy de evident on the crown , they tremble for the public tranquillity sallied forth rs of a factious clergy, if it were made to depend is any other than the crown they, therefore, made their dutch, like their king and their nobility, independent Una vere noble sentiments and most elegantly ox tested, and he had no doubt that hon members w and reader our item when called upon to perform their duty The chief this debate It was now proposed to sweep over the jjciiiianeut provision that had been made for the arrest of the clergy, and to make it dozen lent a the annual vote of the Assembly-to subiti Itte for a permanent provision made under a hail in colony guarantee an annual vote of the Lower Beute But without Biippiung for a moment that the moment is enders of the Assembly would give their assent they act of repudiation, they could not speak for their recovery, and if it were neces- ary that the assent of the council blacks he had to a provision of this kind, it in ilvtdtho important alternative that they might roar of lltrjtwiMo.it J so that there was no guarantee for the time if there should be a majority in either House of the lijitMtirei adverse to the claims of the clergy He hoped Ihtfoie that hon members who might see in this in it ter till iii) might consider an equitable settlement of the late vTtu d Mop to enquire whether or not it was open to the actions he had stated whether the provision might it some day or other be entirely swept away There was a bank from which he would troubles House with a few ox hides and which bore very strongly on the general ques Inwewcro now discussing, taking a broad, clear, and Utfrmnliko view of the case in his work on Church itdlollepe Lt-fiibliphinentB the great Presbyterian divine, It Cbultuirs entered upon the question of free-trade in is given as it was called, and he showed the utter m Enter of it Dr Chalmers says - striped to the articles of ordinary merchandise, where the tent on of the demand lies in the sentient economy of our um a Gc eminent night with all safety leave the primary cause" to be made by the people themselves But not so in re paid laChrirttnu or even to common education, where the four a on of the demand lies in the mental or spiritual economy of ( t nature In this case, the movement does not irinatinilli the families It originates from without, The city is of the higher benefit have to go forth aggressively ' burn the lethargic mass of society, and to create an appetite Frethey minister n supply the people will not awaken of them stisIromihc depths either of depravity or ignorance They tttlbeaiiakemd by others whose office it is to make initial ii sit on the tenancies of the land Did who it for the rising of a spontaneous demand i! tr tuber religion or science, we might wait for ever These Mollie carried round, and obtruded on the notice, and pressed M Ike acceptance of the people It w as thus they were aw wakened from its primitive toy per, and it is thus they must be preserved tom again fully g into it. It is thus on this ground that, with ill to Bible brevity, we would urge at present the cause of a reli- ra mabhshmci t. It is just because men will not go forth in (our Chrtftiatutv, that Christians, or the hearers of Chris their "'ve to go forth in quest of men The great central and JtrcHol c College of Jerusalem was not st tip is a place whither The not race of the cart h might repair for the gospel It was a place over the messengers of the gospel did Eiicecs'iv civ go forth in its mee to the precept of " Go unto till nations." To bring Chns Univirlo jiisiit]oíilion with human souls, it was never once "it is that they should be attracted to it, but that it should be tin d to them It is thus that the work of Chrlstiant/atlon 'use either a missionary work, from its very outset, and an «tiblibtmntis in fact, the consummation of this principle It suit pies preaching stations all over the territory-thereby con telhetittntctivc piocoAswlthin the narrow limits of a girl , in so far from superseding, plying to the aggressive process its wil est a h ant digester though the families have to move on Mtaib towards the minister, the minister through the week till keep up a busy and incessant movement among the un lin lost author showed conclusively that there should not Is Wire dependence upon Voluntaryism, but that there told be a paid clergy to seek out vice wherever it was to stand the objection had been raised that the clergy were under the present system more or less under the con- tal of the Government That position had been ably (curtailed by the same author, from whom he would again (tale - a lot inn although the church should be wholly supported by '"{¡."'¡"ling» temporal, and a connexion between them he HUM that thus far it follows not that this connexion should pro- to any farther there might be an entire dependence on the line a train temporal without even the shadow of a dependent upon it in things ecclesiastical Although the '"ten receive its maintenance, and all its Euitnincc, from the civil power, it follows not that it there was then fell from the same quarter , or that this TOogTihould acquire there by the slightest taint or infusion of 3rd . bath Riche dispenser of things corral, and the ha f m "chamfer! for this, is the dispenser of things spiritual, IN, his FPlritunl may retain their purely spiritual itself. '. ""'«»bsUinding, and be ministered by the CL. , the 1909-10 without adulteration, or one TOlemofearthlines?. The Church receives from the Unto first instance of its clergy, and the clergy, in return, give to a subject of the State in Christian education but they might, see reserve to themselves the whole power and privilege! of seeing what that education shall be for their turn, Jim Talent and their sacred or even be a. success they may' be indebted to the State ttiM,V,.LC,cîd,,,?,,d their discipline, and their ritual, and of Jï 120' faith. and their formularies, whether of doctrine exertion, may be altogether their own Such may be the >hM'2,".catlon between the civil and ecclesiastical that, mr t?. he maintains the teachers of religion, it meddles not limbless' that are caught I' was ordain a Scholastic said > yCu . leave ""f0"««1 the whole 0ritB«TJiOf he, learning to an educational board track Sallis Ecclesiastical Establishment, and leave on illcunfiTÙ. church the determination of its own lessons to I sutii"",rcd by. Boy dictation or control on the part of the rightness?! JEM a "5BUm or endowed schools, education ¡Änin/t;rodl",cd, are hundreds of districts which, but for that and." I. put the remains d in unlettered ignorance, and cash and? 1 and 2 purl' edification By a system of an lowed MucKn, ¿^,Lori'ílVíid rcl,B10U8 instruction might be in »tbthi»«»rilridB of insects, which but for the provision, <l«ltowi?í'''le.'I'nverí)MÍ'6t heathenism, and still nothing Justices ' tailshaft but a Purse and Scriptural Christianity, otttutfïïrvi,. "/ not d,c'c>?orllt'! 'bo quality either of common .rtffioount of both adds inconceivable to the diffusion <oSi,<!nU,0?I10,"toreextraot from the works of that Itelbsll Fr; in which he owed that, notwithstanding O'T' efforts that had been made throughout fliEious d»,i:,DpIre' there were thousands who were left in "e reZ, "? 2"' and as they could only be reached by seWard V. îi.r0porly conducts religious establishments treated at the public expense - 'lowering of the Briton Population furnish a mea setting nostrils show at the a"s 're0 is "TBtera or the n Principle at Intra, but for the deficiency of that system after all the additions which have been made to it by the voluntary principle 06 tire. They let us know that, after both have done their uttermost, there is a task of first rate wool ii and national importance, even the Cart tian education of thousands and thousands more of our English families, which remains undone These tells us a great deal more than the impotency of the great economical Fpcciflc even that of the free trade in Christianity riley further tell of the impotency of the real sectarian specific, or or the Voluntary principle If such be the filling and the fertilising j oner of Voluntaryism, whence those mighty wastes of barrenness and moral dcBolutlm which meet the eye, in all the over crowded towns, and all the recent and still churches Village or our Empire? now comes it that, while shops and markets for the apply or their physical necessities keep full pace with the time of divine ing population, chapels and churches for the supply of their spiritual necessities should fall so immeasurably short of it depending not only the langour of the spontaneous demand, on ong those people who should he adding to pay for Christian instruction to themselves, but bespeaking the 1 vigour of Christian charity among those people who should he willing to give it on behalf of others without money and without price V) e confers a greater value for experience than for experiments, and then, in spite of all the talent and energy of our dissenting brethren, we witness on the out-field of our national establishment, open now to their enterprise for several generations such a spectacle of di feet in 1 dim gullies, and grievous destitution, with the myriads of unrest timed wandcrciswhom they have never reached, and fires overturn -we do apprehend that, on the overthrow of this I venerable Institute, the same evils, now so largely , exhibited on all (he unprovided remnants or the country would he realised, and multiplied over the whole length and breadth of the land. We must Him Behold the moral 1 triumphs of Voluntaryism In the many hundreds or surplus localities which are before our eyes, ere we can consent to give up the whole territory into their hands , and do think that men who have evinced so little their pay or to rebuild, should be some what less fiery and precipitate in their zeal to death If, on taking the moral statistics of a land, we found that after all the voluntary efforts both of individuals and societies for the spread of education, a large portion of the peasantry were destitute of all good scholarship, we should not feel it to he incongruous, but in perfect keeping with our idea of a government in the exercise of his best and highest functions Should we look to the advance of funds from the national treasury, for the erection of schools, and the requisite endowment of teachers in every little section of the territory, or in other words, for a commensurate scholastic establishment at the expense of the State And what is true of common, we hold to be alike true of Christian education If, in spite of all the strenuousness and zeal of our religious philanthropists, we behold millions and millions more desired or virtue as well as knowledge with as little sense of immortality as the beasts that perish and reckless alike of their obligations to God and to man , living in that guilty abandonment of all principle which is at once ruinous to their own everlasting prospects and hazardous to the peace and order of the commonwealth then, it competent for the rulers of a state to provide against the nuisance of a population untaught in letters, I it is still more competent, we should BIJ Bills more imperative ely binding, to provide against the still more hurtful and untold able romance of a population untaught in morality and religion If it be lawful and incumbent on the civil magistrate to achieve the one object by means of National schools and schoolmasters, where lies the objection to his achievement of the other by means of National churches and clergymen! In other words, we can discern no greater reward in a socialistic though an ecclesiastical establishment, or rather a more emphatic call for the latter than the former What is true of the smaller family of a household holds true of the gretor family 111 an empire It both the parent in the one case, and the governor in the other, he chargeable with a guilty indifference, with shrub I suffer their respective families to rear 1111 unschooled, there is 11 guilt of a deeper d e, if by the indifference or neglect of either they are suffered to remain unehnstianlsed. He thought these words ought to enter into the minds of every hon member in considering this question this eminent author did not quote a hypothetical case but referred to the absolute state of the country's D ration of country he (Mr Thomson) ventured to say, more imbued with religious feeling than any in the world. Let us contemplate, then, what would be the effect in a country like this, if we swept away schedule C, and Sir Richard Bourke's Act, and left the colony in religious and moral destitution There was only one further extract that he would be in forward, and it had reference to a different subject The question was here put upon the low ground that 9st vfe support to religion provided for the moral condition of the people, and was a means of swing public money When we considered that this pitiful sum paid for religion did not scarcely amount to one-tenth part of that paid for police, and did not amount to so much as was paid for police and gaols the police estimates for 1863 being £250 OUR, and the estimates for police and gaols, £40 ODO with a large amount to be added for criminal carts it was evident that there must be something wrong Do you believe that if the benevolent objects of the framers of Sir Richard Bourke's Act had been carried out in their integrity, a large amount of this enormous expenditure would have been saved. Dr. Chalmers, in support of an argument of this kind, said - And so far from any speciality of argument against such a distinction, all the sound reasoning, we apprehend, is a reasoning a for lion in favour of it. to establish our conclusion, it does not even require, however desirable it might be on other grounds, that we should have a parliament of spiritual men, for let them be utilitarians only, and that, too, in the coarsest or merely material sense of the term, and it were a mighty advancement of all their objects, that the people should be trained in the principles and habits of religion Neither the taste of the nation, nor the scholarship of the nation, can so facilitate the business, or so prodigiously lessen the expenditure, of a government as would the ChiUtianlty ofa nation It is this latter education of which Burke's celebrated aphorism holds most emphatically true, that it were the cheap defence of the commonwealth Universal Christianity would annihilate crime, and though even then the poor should be with us, or there should still be poverty in the land, it would then annihilate pauperism And what a universal Christianity could accomplish in full, would be accomplished in great part by a universal Christian education which might not annihilate, but would at least indefinitely reduce both of these great and expensive evils But it were an incalculable saving of the wealth, still more a saving to the happiness of the nation, that there should be a prevention of its crime rather than its punishment. And It were a like saying that there should be a prevention of pauperism, rather than a positive administration to relieve 0 its necessities, 01 to meet its exactions, which at one time in resumed amounted to three times the revenue of the national church It could be made an affair of numerical com- putation, and an argument might be raised from it to Bait the understanding even of the most arithmetical of our statesmen, The outlook on our civil and criminal jurisprudence the still more enormous outlay of our parochial expenditure, and, what we have not yet noticed, the outlay on the in enterance both of the military and constabulary forces, to overcome an untrained and therefore more turbulent community, exceed, and more than in a Unfold ratio, all the outlay which would be required for a system of religious discipline, by which to form a manageable population of peaceful and industrious and well ordered families, which last outlays, after all, should not be viewed in the light of an expenditure which the voluntaries want to save, but as the present destination of a long established property which the voluntaries want to seize upon him without remarking further on this injustice, had we only yet been at the commencement of the work-had we still to institute anew, or to extend a different establishment, and could the object be provided for only by a grant from the treasury, such an application of the public money might be vindicated, we contend, not alone on the high ground of religious principle, but even on the infinitely lower ground that is taken by those who merely view it as a question of policy and economics The main object of the Christian who desires an establishment is the godly ncEB of the people, and that they may secure the promise of the life which is to come , but to provide such an establishment is also the wisdom of the statesman, even though his main or only object should be the interest of the life that now is When a Christian labours far an establishment of churches, It is, time and foremost, for the kingdom of God and righteousness , but the patriot and the statesmen should also labour for an establishment of churches, though only for the sake of the all other things which are added " to them. These he thought were very important opinions, and ought to have great weight with hon. members in dealing with this question A great deal had been said about the injustice of taxing a portion of the people for the benefit, of others, but he thought there were some statistics which, if examined, would put this matter in a clearer light than that in which it was generally entertained. He thought there was much misconception upon the subject By the census of 1861 he found that the population of the colony which amounted to 350 850 (which included about 13,100 Mahometans and Pagans) (here belonged to the Church of England 159,958 to the Presbyterian Churches 34,692, to the Wesley m 23 582 to the Roman Catholic Church 99,193, making a total of 317 5-5 He was aware that 0 portion of the Presby- tor ians did not receive State support, and for want of correct data he asserted that one half of them did not participate in it 1 he would leave the population belonging to Stitto supported denominations at 300,179. or six sevenths of the whole population, those not receiving State support being Presbyterians say 17,340 , Congregationalists, 5111 , other Protestants 9863, Hebrews, 1749 , Mahometans and Pagans, 12,909, other persuasions, not Specified, 3393, -in all S0f071 so that It would be nearer to truth to say that there was only one-eighth of the population that did not participate in the advantage of State-aid as now dispensed Although he fully admitted the claims of beneficed Uorgy men to be guaranteed in the receipt of their stipends so long as they continued to perform the duties of the uses to which they had been appointed, still it appeared to him that there were other greater and more permanent. interests involved in the question. He considered that a formal contract or compact was made by the Crown to appropriate this sum for all time for the purposes of religious worship, and he maintained that the colony could not in honour, justice, or propriety get rid of that compact without giving some compensation or commutation satisfactory to all parties concerned. He believed that if the stipends of the clergymen were secured to them, and some moderate and reasonable proposition were made to the several heads of denominations, they would be willing to accept a commutation He was not authorised to say what would be acceptable by them, but he might throw out a hint of what would probably be a satisfactory settlement of the question Assuming that there should be a commutation of the amount, and of burning, also, that in justice to that portion of the community that did not receive State-aid, SO much should be deducted on their account, the matter might stand in this way - he whole amount now provided by Schedule C was £28,000, and he had shown that, including the 13 000 JlahonietanB and pagans, one seventh of the population did not receive State support, if, therefore, one seventh of the amount was deducted from this £28,000, it would leave £24,000 to be annually applies If this man were capitalised at ten years purchase (£240,000), he should propose that that sum be vested in the hands of trustees belonging to the several communions to be invested for the purposes of public worship in real securities, and thus to fructify in a way that would be more beneficial than any other. He should pro- note that this be paid, not in one sum, but in debentures, to extend over a period of ten, twenty or fifty years, as might be considered proper or convenient, to bear 5 per cent in- terest that that should be paid off SBy at the rate of one-fifth every two years, SO that actually during the ten years, no larger sum would be paid than the present annual contribu- tion He was quite aware that would not meet the whole justice of the case, and that it should be supplemented in some way or other for a period. This would be a gradual diminishing sum. The advantage would be that whilst the present incumbent would be secured, the several Churches would recen 0 a permanent endowment for the purposes of public worship, and this would be done in a manner that would raise the character of the country in every way, at d sh or that it was determined honourably to fulfil the engagement it had made He believed that some more. reasonable proportion as (his would be accepted by those interested in the question it certainly would relieve the of neer of the community from the damaging (fleet that wholesome death follow the passing of a bill like this. He could not conceive anything that would be more injurious to; the general character of the community than this, and he must do one of two things act pt The bill as it stand, or reject it it was incapable of amendment He thought the interests of the community, of religion, of clergymen, the character of the country and the character of the House, were involved in the absolute rejection of the measure He knew of no case in which an TJpoor li mau i nil I inter- pose in away more calculated to carry out schools benefits institution than by stepping in to prevent that passing into law which had been so ill-idviseellj and si Instil passe! by the other branch of the legislature it was precisely one of those cases in which it was our duty to intorpoHO otan st hnBtv, imprudent t, and highly injurious Minlaton 1 bereft as it was his intention to give his decided opposition to the bill; and to vote for the amusement of his him and horrid friend Mr BOU UM" BUSHEL L said that in the few lords he had to go) on the îuiprrtnnt quote n he hoped he should be able to keep within the bounds that had been hitherto kept, with the eruption of a small digni- ion on the put of one speaker The tone of the debate had been what he conceived it ought to be when such a field is sure it was under consideration and he trusted the same spirit would be maintained throughout It was pretty will known, for he had expressed his opinion many times on the point, that he was a supporter of State and) religion on the principle of expediency, and although he might object to a great deal that was advanced by the s supporters of the sisters, still beheld that in a colony urcuumtnnciti as this is, State-aid is necessary It A as important to the well being of the country that the clergy should be maintained , clergymen could notes t (here without proper means of support, and having himself Been son" of the distress that arose from the want of that support, he was force 1 to the conclusion that in the interior of the colony state aid was no country But he did not wish to di guise the of was that he was opposed to State endowments as a principle, and as practised in the mother country As a principle, he believed that State aid was detriment is to vital religion, and that in the circumstances of the mother country it was neither just nor expedient But before going into that put of the subject, he desired to make a few comments on the observations that had taken from previous speakers The honorable member. (Mr Plunkett), and the honorable member (Mr McArthur), had both went very largely into statistics, and founded the whole of their arguments on lice and circumstance H that were in no way applicable to the position of this colony In discussing matters where religion was concerned, statistics were not of much account. It required something more important, and when heat rable gentlemen travelled to America and elsewhere for statiBtiiB, they should consider first whether their arguments applied to the state of things in this colony. All these arguments and calculation with respect to tho state of religion in America were entirely fallacious as applied to the case of this country. Ivor did he (Mr Russell) consider that the authorities quoted were no reliable at could be wished He scarcely thought that Captain Wnrrvatt, for instance, was an authority, because a great body of the American people allege that writer to be the author of all the calumnies that had been cast on their country but he was the veritable Mrs. Trollope (Alaufeh) If this was the case, surely they could not accept him as a competent authority on American if there, more especially as rcL, irds religion It seemed to him (Mr Russell) that the honorable Mr Plunkett and the honorable Mr McArthur had been led away by their statistics from the real question, and that they had wholly overlooked the petition and circumstances under which they are called on to deal with the subject in this colony He freely admitted all that had been contended with respect to the working of the Volun- ar> system is America He believed that much good had been done, and that all through the backwoods of America, u teaching in unison with that of the Apostles was pursued by the churches under the Voluntary s) stein He hoped it would cen- trains to be so, and the the same would eUeiiel over South America as well us over the United States. But the same time of things did not exist in this thinly p open country, and therefore he was for allowing State aid as a matter of expediency for the interior He would give it to all the Churches nil ke, ter he believed I had all of them did good by their teachings Even the volunteeR admitted that some aid was needed in the case of the country did | an idea, for it could not but be known that in many parts of this colony religion Mas wholly neglected that the Sabbath was almost forgotten, and that, too, even by persons boasting the post session of some little education And with regard to what had been said about the pests in of the clergy in America Badly as the clergy there were situated, in some cases with regard to support they were not so badly off as many of their brethren in Lnejiud, social in America large payments in kind were in de which assists of the minister to maintain a petition in keeping with his character It was a libel, the refers, to say that the people of America neglected to provide for their clergy With reference to the bill before the House, he must say that he looked upon it as an equitable one, inas- much as its tendency was to promote a settlement of what must other side, at some future time, grow into a very vexed question the only objection that he saw to the full was that it did not do what it proposed lode. So far for an abolishing State aid it perpetuated it for at least thirty or of city years, and nothing could be easier than to have the system resuscitated with such a bill in force With regard to the petitions that had been presented, he (Mr Kunst II) had little faith in them for he could not but believe that they had been got up in the way that other petitions mostly are those old times he looked upon as being the mere response of a servile intent, an order had gone forth to find in Mich petitions, and they had been sent in accordingly (No, no ) He hoped it was not the case, but it looked like it The hon vember (Mr. Kemp) had paid those who differed from him on this subject a very poor compliment, for he had alluded to them as the scum of the earth. (Laughter.) He objected to the comparisons which the honorable member had thought proper to make in these matters of religion, and did not admit the justice of that estimate which the honorable member had made as to the amount of attendance at their respective churches of members of the Roman Catholic and hats co in Churches 'The remarks which had been made by all honorable member who had broken, except Mr. Deas Thornton, had been in the last degree uncharitable, and the fact of their having been put forth in the language of others did not alter the state of the question He objected to the utterance! of such sweeping generalities as had been uttered that evening, the honorable member (Mr Deas Thomson) had nobly defended the claim of those ministers provided for by the schedule, but he had, to be (Mr B llussoll's) surprise, ended his speech by ignoring all that he had previously told in connection with this subject (No ) It was not to be supposed that the 900 persons who had petitioned in favour of the abolition of State aid were the only persons who were opposed to the continuance of State aid He happened to know that there were a great many persons in every communion in the colony who were opposed to State paid and who had not yet petitioned on the subject Mr. J Kemp had stated that the Voluntary system did not pro s ide for the poor, but such was not the case. If in Auiei lea provision was made for church accommodation for thirteen millions out of twenty three millions, has considered that path an assertion as had been made by the hon. member (Mr. Kemp) was satisfactorily disposed of. Lot the hon. member look at the mother country before he went to America to malign the institutions of that country In London it was well known to it city churches were often served by clergymen hired at a guinea day at a certain ctfleeehop (Ob ) It had been stated, as an argument against this bill, that if it passed, the salaries of the ministers whose interests were to be guarded by this measure would be subject to an annual vote (Yes) to be held that such would not be the case He was informed that no such difficulty would be likely to arise He should be very sorry to see the names of ministers subject to such a revision us that Y could be likely to give rise to. He was advised that no such annual vote was necessary. He had said enough to show which way he intended to vote name, in favour of the bill, and he should do this because he looked upon it as an attempt to settle in an equitable manner a most difficult question although, as a matter of expediency, he should rather support State aid. Sir W MANNING said that although many speeches had been made, and some of the remarks he had proposed to n also had been anticipated by honorable members who had preceded him, he did not think he should be performing his duty if he were not to give some expression to the reasons which will influence of his vote on this occasion. He approached the sable t with a deep sense of the responsibility , he believed, and so he trusted did all other hon members, that the subject was one of the highest importance one in comparison to which all others were light and transient It would he thought, be admitted, although one hon member had! said some thing of a contrary character, that it was absolutely needs tary for the ministrations of religion that there should be persons specially dedicated to them. He was prepared to admit that a moniri(,ht be very near to God though far from any church or from any minister of religion, but it had been found from the first that it was absolutely mecca sary to have ministers of religion mon would note uno to religion, It had to be taken to them, and so from the the first Apostles and others had been sent abroad to pre oh, At present the State of make some provision for clergymen, and without some such provision it was hopeless to cap ct to have nnniPtCTH, and the questioned to be determined was whether they should now withdraw the provision which the state had hitherto made, and throw the whole burst n on the nth and the religious the subject was one of prout oiflicultj-one on which he was not disposed to piano much, faith en authorities, on an abstract question like this writers might be found, equally ohio, equally eloquent, equally religious too, who arrived at very different conclusions, and therefore he thought it better to look to the ox presence of the point If the matter were one which was equally balanced, he should look upon it as an open question, but it was not so. He could not look upon it as an open question. It was at present a part of the Constitution of the country that the State should give aid to religion, and he did not think that they were justified in making a change in the Constitution, unless they saw clearly that such a change would be advantageous He confessed that he did not like leaving our Constitution to rags It almost seemed that of this Constitution, which every one approved some six years ago, they were seen not to have one shred remaining. The I constitution of the Assembly had been totally changed H r wise proposes to claim,! the eonatiiuuou of Lola Roma and hero was a proposal to make another change of vital importance, in a matter in which but a few years ago the whole community was unanimous He repeated, he did not like these constant changes , it seemed to him nor unlikely that if the constitution had been directly opposite to what it wants, for listed ce, it had di 1 sired that the State should not grant aid to religion in, that the resting spirits who would leave nothin g as it win, will be crying out for State aid to religion, Ititi as notliio¿-approving nothing except the work of their own hands Du Jikmg chance unless he saw his way clearly to an advantage he was opposed to this bill, he did notice his way clearly, nor did he believe that the public was clear on the matter The S «to aid at present, was given to four denominations only, but it was quite com- return for the Executive to apportion the amount amongst all the dent minations of till Christi in Church, And, perhaps, even to the members of the Jewish prrauIMOII hie li chaid Bourke's Act did not confine blue oil to any particular derominatiora-theie were only three who received it at first under this Act, subsequently a fourth receive it, and in other denominate as has growing and 1 unie I tim Had, no doubt they would have to cry lit He thought it would be sound policy in the Churches trousers t> are his tribution of the fund of their own avoid soil if the fair Churches were to do this, he lime lit lim eft" or would be to moves great portion of the h still filling which now existed to State aid And still better would it be to son 1 all this £28 000 out of the large cities and towns, t> cxpitiJ it in thinly pOLuluttd put to, of the colony where the people were either too poor, or from other c rum Unces could not support clergymen He believed that if the qui tion were now broached far the first time , if there were no historical antipathies- to State aid he believe that the great bulk of the men; he would not refuse to give this land He thought that he C< unctl should refuse to pass this till, looking to the first class fit the bill, and taking it in connection with the third is made, he believe I that a large majority would refuse to pass it. As the bill at present blood there could be in doubt that no minister of religion would be secure of his stipend There was merely a permission to receive, but there was no fund from which (he stipends would be paid, as from the moment of the passing of this bill no stipends could be paid except some special approval. on were male-not veil for the present year unless Ministers chose to pay on their own responsibility, trusting to a bill of indemnity The effect of this bill would be to render ministers of religion dependent on a vote w hat h either House might refuse to pass. He thought that this should not be HO, and although it very probably was not the intention of the other House to deprive ministers of their stipends, there could be no doubt that the effect of this bill would bulk of them to an aunt of vote, and 118 ugh (be present members of the Assembly might have no wish to break faith with pa sent incumbents, no one could answer for those who succeeded them, and they knew very well that the members of the present Assembly were nearly all newly Here lit men from those who sat before, and even supposing there should be a majority in favour of paying stipends, yet there would be a minority who would have their say year after year, and keep alive the rancorous feeling which was now spoken of, and which this bill professed to do away with It did appear to him too to be indecent, that on the third reading of a bill), without any notice, amendments should be made and passed, sweeping away a vital part of the constitution and repealing an Act which had worked satisfactory for nearly thirty years, and which had been looked upon by the people as the charter of their religious liberties Such an important change should not have been made without the aid may formality of iii scr, second, and third reading, of being considered in committee, and of being fairly placed before the public in order that the opinion of the public should have been seen named, and this was one of the strongest reasons why the House should refuse to pass this bill at present, He would now proceed to the Consideration of the broad question, whether state and ought to be continued or not in the abstract, upon principle, it seemed to him that every nation had not only a good right, but also a solemn duty, to sup port religion according to the national wealth It concerned the charge of the country, it was not well on the page of history that any nation the it professed any particular faith should leave that faith wholly without support from the funds of the State He thought, however, that State aid should be confined to what was the national Church, and that he had put on the broadest best He looked upon that country as a Christian country, and therefore all the Christian denominations, whatever might be heir (-shades of faith, belonged to the State Church, the internal religion being (the Christian religion Readmitted that he was prepared to go further, and that he would not exclude the Jews from obtaining support from the State, for although their faith was not in all respects the same as these of Christiana, they no doubt worshipped the same God, their Scriptures were to a great extent the same, and they believed there was to be a Saviour, though they believed HOWES yet to come We might admit then, as brethren, and as coming within the national religion of the country All others who did not belong to the national religion we had a perfect right to exclude from the benefit of its support We were bound to (operate them, but we were not bound to do morothanthiit It would be enough for them that they were tolerated, and that they had equal o curtail privileges, and they had no right to complain it They were saved for tbeeuppoituf that religion in the benefits of which they did not share except as they shared in the benefits which society at large derived by the support of the national roll gion. '1 aking this view of the case he did not so the of ire of the objection that the supporting of different religious persuasion s could be regarded as involving the support of error If you gave to each denomination pro rata ace and mg to its proportion of the population, it came very much to the same thing as if each man were called 1 on to pay a certain sum for the support of religion, and he were to declare to what purlieus! is faith that sum shoulder. In that case, a man did not support what be considered to borrow. That principle, however, was not fully carried out in this country, as the amount voted for the support of religion was confined to the four Churches But if St termed were to be given equally to all Churches desirous of receiving it, the principle would be carried out fully, and no man could be sold by his contribution to sup- port what he considered to be error he thought that every State has a perfect right, therefore, to appropriate a part of the general funds arising from taxation to the maintenance of religion in this way, and unless it could be shown, as a matter of policy and experience, that the cause of religion would be best promoted in some other way-such as Voluntaryism, for instance, it was the duty of the State to support religion To what higher object could the laxation of the country be applied ? We did not hesitate to apply the taxation to the support of education or of police, or to many minor objects. All that we considered was that we were bound to apply the funds arising from the taxation of the people to the promotion of their welfare. None of us had any doubt that the welfare of the people could be best promoted by the advancement of religion , and on the broad principle that the State should do all in its power to promote the welfare of the people, religion ought to be supported out of the general taxation It it was Hkht for the states to do this, it shoulders fully, not by the paltry pittance of £28 000, which was not now more than half what it was when the Constitution Act was passed, but to do it in such a way as fully to supply the spiritual wants of the people within those bounds which were necessarily imposed by the means at the disposal of the Government Within those bounds it was no doubt the duty of the base to support religion fully He admitted it to be a question whether such support would have that effect or not ltitooultlbe showed that State aid was not the best way to promote religion, but that it could be best done in some other way, by all means let that way be tried It was, however, a question of experience and of evidence, and until we had that experience asd evidence it was a question of judgment in which we might try, and upon which it behoved us to be very cautious how we proceeded He admitted that there was a great deal of doubt upon this question, he would even go to the extent of conltsFing that his own of men inclined to the belief that religion would be much better supported by voluntary efforts than by the continuance of the present Small endow- ment Whether it would be better supporte 1 it it were fully endowed by the State and the present amount greatly increased, was another question. He confessed that, seeing how small this amount at present was, and seeing also how improbable it was that any increase in it would be supplied by the Legislature of the country, the inclination of his opinion was, that religion would be much betlereupported without this State aid thin with it (Hear, hear ) that the amount might be just enough to purely so it, and not enough to support it Pecante many persons were apt to look upon the state of things here are being the same as in the old country, where religion did not all of the depend on voluntary support, end they were apt to consider that so long as there was State and it was the duty of the State, and not their own, to provide for the support of religion, and were likely to avail themselves of the excuse for but- to ring up their pockets H felt, and that as the population of the country was gradually increasing, while the amount of state aid remained stationary, we were approaching By degrees so that at ale of things when if the Legislature should remain firm in its refusal to supplement the amount, we should tendered to voluntaryism at last Although there was the inclination of his opinion, he shrank from the re sponsoring of acting upon it, hesitating to trust to his own impressions of what was likely to result from the abolition of State aid, and which insight be altogether false Nor could he refuse to bear in mind that a great proportion of the ministers of the Church of England and of the Church of Rome, and of other denounce rations, were of a contrary opinion to his horse ministers thought that if the "V voluntary system were tried in this country it would fail AS his own opinion was not founded on anything in which he could trust, he could not shut his eyes to the fact that a different opinion was held by those who were competent to form a right judgment on the point, 'Then again, there was another difficulty Supposing it could be shown that there would be a larger amount of support given through Voluntary a furts than by State-aid, the question might MM whether it was desirable there should be that amount of subserviency on the part of the ministers to their congregations It was all very well to talk about the early Christian teachers-to say that they were (entirely dependent on voluntary support, and that they required no aid from the State. We must bear in mind the peculiar circumstances in which the early Christians were placed, the miraculous authority and the inspiration of the teaching that they received the circumstances of the case rendered it absolutely necessary that they should receive voluntary support or none at all the fact that the State gave Christianity no support when it was opposed to it, was no reason why a Christian State r should not support religion We W»««**««*» ought we knew to the contrary, it might have been thoopmonncd the direction of the Divine Author of' our lir aug religion, that when a State was willing to support religion it should do to. The mere fact of Voluntaryism having at this time succeeded, throw no light up in this question We must also bear in mind that these teachers having learned the lessons from such high authority, would be likely to be held and incomes means in their denunciations of ein, us reformers usually were under r almost all circumstances But he was afraid the in the circumstances at the present time existing here, it our imiiiticrB if re Iltoon were entirely dependent upon their cengrteutionH for support, they would in very many in stances back that independence of spirit which wielding them to censure and improve the wickedness or used them, and thus weaken the power und uscfuln<>BJ of their sacred offices) It was useless to compare ptoiouttimes with the state of things in the early days of the Church He believe 1 that in the Wi loyal Church an organ ation and been adopted v, hereby its limits in were relieved from direct de pends nee upon their congregation, and he trusted the same course would be allowed mother I burches lien then, however, the general effect would be true numble re of religion would be dependent tea. considerable degree upon their congi eg unions, and the result of Buck a d mi dence would be something like that witnessed in the Southern States of America were ministers pt re Sgt m were to be found holding up slavery warranted it not directed, by our holy, religion ) they had not the boldness to stand contest the foibles and wick dress of their ii Hicks, and even found Scripture to justify the sins of the people Helookedmon this question n of State aid us one of exceed II c doubt and difficulty He admitted that if the am mat at heart There were not supplemented it would soon become as ft drop in the bucket, and it administered is now, paralyse rather than assist voluntary effort It struck him that the difficulty night be Lot over to a great extent it the suggestion of withdrawing the amount from the cities, leaving them to support their own religious institutions and applying it epLOi way to the sparsely peopled districts, were ador tod It would then be entitled t for many years to come He was afraid the people of this country were not religious, that they were too much disposed to do the reverse, and that their progress wnsrnpidh towards enure ltidiffirHieo to the ordinances of religion He thought if this £28,000 was applied special y to the spiritual requirements of the interior, there would be soon found there on amount of rolifaiouB the thing hitherto unknown Under all the circumstances, in spite of some inclination nt opinion in favour of abolition, he did not feel that he should beautify d m lending his hand to the withdrawal of the Estate s support to religion Had the question come before them for the first tuna whether religion should be supported, he might have vote 1 differently , but now we had to look to the circumstance that it was operating in the country, and we must look to the affects its withdrawal was likely to produce J in connexion with those circumstances for his own part we shirk from withdrawing it He was convinced that in England a feeling had grown up that religion was a luxury for the rich, and even in towns recently grown to large dinjCiisiOEH where there were many churches built upon voluntary efforts the attendants generally were people of means Indeed many churches were said to be built almost as speculations, the attendants being expected to be well able to pay a profitable return upon the outlay Few of these churches were built for the peer, while we knew that the great glory of our holy rest Lion was that the Gospel should be preached to every crop ture, to the poor as well as to the rich He could hardly conceive that there was any compact with regard to this State support, although the Home Government trucks have desired that this colony, being her own offspring, should not, one of the features of her own constitution But if there was a compact, it was with the religious bodice He rather thought this part of our Constitution Act, that religion should be supported, was in accordance with the wish of the people at large at the time the Act was passed It ought not to be with drawn until there was a clear and decisive conclusion to that effect expressed by the people they were determined that it should be withdrawn we must look the matter fairly in the face, and deal with it accordingly He did not believe the great bulk of the people had given much thought to the cul- ject, and be certainly could not take the decision of the other branch of the Legislature, which had been elected upon an entirely foreign question, and to which the State aid question was at the time considered subordinate, to be an indication of the wishes of the people upon the subject The present House of Assembly did not in any peculiar degree represent the opinion of the people upon this particular 1 opie Therefore, without intending the slightest disrespect to the other House of Lords start, he was not prepared on this matter to recognise in their claim any clear expression of the feeling of the people at large this was a question of such vital a person, so large in its nature, and involving he might say, on almost organic change, that to his mind it was not becoming in the Legislature to attempt to dispose of it without in the first place, giving the people an opportunity of making known in a clear and emphatic manner, their feelings in reference to it. The community have a right to be consulted specially before such a change is made, and, therefore, under these circum decrees, he (Sir W Manning) contended it was the duty of this Council to delay the consider it one of the question Et m if his own opinion vi two in favour, which it was not, of adopting the principles of this bill, he should still feel it to be his duty to delay the matter in order that the opinion and wishes of the people, obtained in a proper and const turn nut manner, could be ascertained regarding it. And no injury could possibly arise from adopting this course 1 the subject was one which is signature admitted of delay No one could be injured by the question being allowed to stand over till public opinion could be consulted this was the view that he had taken from the very first, and he had never for a moment swerved from it The change was so great in its character that it was the bounden duty of the Council to pause before cure nulling itself to such a measure And he hoped that in seeking the opinion of the people on the question, that it would be put luirJy to them- that it would not be put us to discontinuance of sets etc aid to the four Churches now receiving it, but upon the broad ground as to whether the assistance of the State should be given to the various Christian Churches and to the members of the Jewish faith, and whether the allowance she said be given for the sole benefit of the sparsely p opened districts of the interior This was the fair way of putting the matter in asking for the opinions of the public. The question was one of such magnitude, and fraught with so much good or evil, that he held it to be the duty of the Council to grant the delay he spoke of 1 kin duty they owed to themselves to the people of the country, and to the interest of religion iff etc. For these reasons he should support the motion for the second reading of the bill this day six months Mr SCOTT moved the adjournment of the debate till the 16th October, on the ground that certain papers pre duced by the hon Mr thomson might meanwhile be perused, and further, that a call of the House might be made before the matter came to a vote Mr CAMPBELL had no objection to on adjournment till to-morrow, but could not agree to the long period proposed, institute. as it left them open to the charge of do laying the business of the country Mr DEAS THOMSON should oppose the adjournment He thought that there was no valid reason shown for the adjournment He was prepared to came to a vote that evening, he could not conceive why they should not do so He was unable to comprehend why they should adjourn the debate, unless, indeed, it was that hon. members who were now absent on private business, might be able to at end in their places . H they did adjourn, he did not think they ought to adjourn for any longer than to morrow The ATTORNEY GENERAL supported the motion for the adjournment Mr. KEMP opposed the adjournment He begged to move, as an amendment, that the debate be aijournoduatil to morrow Mr HOLDEN seconded the amendment observing that there was no precedent for originating a call of the House when a subject had been discussed. I Sir WILLIAM MANNING supported the amend I ment. Mr BOURN RUSSELL was in favour of the adjourn- ment of the debate for one month. Mr ALLEN, as at present advised, should vote against the bill, but he was of the same opinion IIB the guest speaker on the question of the adjournment of the debate The motion for the 15th of October was then put and negatived on the following di Action - as AyoB, 8 Mr Scott Mr Robey Dr Macfarlane Captain Ward Mr Byrnes the Attorney-General) Bourn Russell Mr Allen I Tellers Noes, 10. Mr Holden Mr. Mitchell ] Plunkett Kemp Merewether W Russell Watt Deas Thomson I Campbell Sir William Manning I Tellers. The question was then put that the debate be adj turned until to-morrow, upon which, The ATTORNEY GENERAL moved, as an amendment, that the debate be adjourned until Wednesday next. It was quite impossible for him, without some time allowed, to answer all the figures which had been brought forward by the hon member Mr. Thomson He had at present not the slightest idea as to where they had come from The amendment of the Attorney-General was then agreed to without a division WOOLLOOMOOLOO BAY BILL On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, the Wooloomooloo Bay Land Reclamation Bill was read a third time and passed Ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Assembly, with usual message inviting concurrence in any cement? made in the bill BULLI COAL COMPANY'S BILL On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, the Bulli Coal Mining Company's Railway Bill was read a third time and passed. Ordered to be transmitted to the Assembly, with the usual message notifying the concurrence of the Council with the bill. The remaining business on the paper was postponed. The House adjourned at five minutes past eleven until to morrow (this day) at four p m him VERY REV. DEAN LYNCH - the Maitland Ensign gave, it is very generally reported that this rev gentleman is about to leave Maitland, where he has resided so long, for another part of the colony. 