CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. | WE continue our extracts from the papers brought by the Prince of Wales, to January 26" Adverting to the decline of the Volunteer movement, the Cape Argus of 14th January, remarks If Volunteering is not quite dead and gone, it is not far from it. Months and months ago we called attention to its sickly and declining state, and told its friends that if they did not look sharply after it, give it strong restoratives, and insist upon more healthy exercise, it had not the ghost of a chance of living much longer. Some of them turned a deaf ear, others flow into a passion, and one or two, who professed a vast amount of affection, protested that our warnings were malicious and our counsel mischievous. Now our words have come true, there is great turning up of eyes and pull- ing of long faces, none of which will help to revive the poor prostrate body, nor stiffen its back-bone. It is quite true that while there is life there is hope, and desperate as the case appears to be, we are unwilling to give Volunteering quite up as dead and departed Nothing bore upon South African soil was ever more admired and esteemed than this it was indeed admirable and estimable. There was a creditable degree of vigour and manliness about its earliest efforts; it exhibited a brave spirit of patriotism and devotion, and a larger amount of self sacrifice than is frequently met with in this quarter of the globe. Its constitution was sound and healthy, but never was a constitution so tampered with as this has been. Had it always been treated as it was at first, it would have grown up strong and hardy, and nothing could have brought it to grief; but, unfortunately, those who had the power to guide it in the way it should go, encouraged its taste for stimulants until it cared for little else. flattered into the belief that it was as near perfection as anything human could hope to attain, it abandoned all idea of healthy exercise, grew consequential and luxurious, plumed itself upon its fine feathers, gave itself airs, lost its head, its health, its character, and has become, in fact, what Americans significantly call "a gone coon." It has grown too big for its clothes, and will very soon be fit for nothing but its coffin. The same paper says.: Four preachers have just arrived in this colony direct from Utah, with a view of promulgating Mormon doctrines, and winning over converts to the Mormon faith. Two of them are natives of Graham's Town, who have been dwellers in Utah, and who have returned to convert the colonial- born. A Hollander, also from the Lake, is to preach in Dutch, and convert the Dutch population. The leader of the party is a Scotchman born, but now, like the other three, a Mormon preacher and a citizen of the United States. According to the Monitor, the Cape will be unre- presented in the Great Exhibition of 1862. Our legislators (it adds) spoiled our chance in this respect as completely as they could have done, even had they been deliberating in the interests of a rival colony. It was desirable that Cape products should be sent to the Exhibition, not for the benefit of any particular class, but for the common weal, and when the interests of the State are at stake, it is only fair that the State should contribute its quota towards supporting them. When the extreme parsimony of our Parliament is contrasted with the wise liberality of that of Natal, and when, moreover, it is considered that the younger and smaller colony has an exhibition in the highest degree creditable to its resources and its inhabitants, while this colony can exhibit nothing, no one, we are sure, can fail to feel that the Cape of Good Hope has been woefully disgraced. Dilating on the state and prospects of the colony, the Cape Argus of January 7th remarks An intense languor seems to be settling down upon everything at the Cape, and much as we hope the contrary, we should not be at all surprised to find the new Governor turn out to be a cosy middle-aged gentleman, without any sort of energy and very much attached to his arm- chair. We have not, any more than other people, the least reliable information about his coming Excellency ; but we judge from appearances and according to the natural fitness of things, They say Australia is in a democratic fever, and in a bad way in consequence ; but our disease is lassitude, and we want something to wake us up. The other day there was an earthquake in the neighourhood of Natal. If it had come in this direction, we verily believe that, after the first shock, our system, would have been much improved by a slight shaking, and that trade would have shown symptoms of revival. We are half inclined to think that during many years we have been doing out Dutch friends considerable injustice, and we are beginning to understand the enviable placidity with which they regard all things and when they talk of " the nations which have settled down amongst us, " that is, themselves, we feel that they must look upon our energy as superfluous, and that they understand better than we do how to extract from the climate and the soil the means of subsistence and the sources of enjoyment. Turn where we will, we meet the tokens of change or of decay, and it becomes a momentous question which of these two is most prevalent ; what is the tendency of the one and what will arrest the other, or whether it is of any use fretting our souls with either. Writers upon events recommend the latter course, especially officials and clerks in GQYer,R«e.m i offices, for the latter know that if they wait long enough, and open their mouths at the right moment, they are sure to catch a plum. But the world was not, after all made for such people, although we have their own high authority for declaring that it is themselves who she permanence to colonial society. And so they do, but, alas ! it is the permanency of , stagnation, and its fruit is woe. Let this country once shield of an energetic Governor, who understands the dè'*J!* of business and how they ought to be carried' out a sacrament not composed of the cousins sides Burkitt., and one-half of the troop will be sent adrift, and the remainder taught the real mean- ing of work. ", , _ COURTSHIP AT THE CAPE The QnhnSs Town Journal, commenting upon the case of Blatchford v. Blatchford, recently heard in the Supreme Court, says of Englishmen who arrive here :-" Courtship they discover to be a matter in which policy and sharp practice have to be blended with" the attentions of love. Not only have they to engage the affections of their beloved ones, but also with the help of their legal advisers, to persuade them into a renunciation of rights. For should they fail in the latter department of a successful Cape courtship, they are no longer lords of all they survey, but co-proprietors with' wife and child." PORT ELIZABETH COMMERCIAL RETURNS-The Eastern Provinces Herald publishes an epitome of the commercial returns of Port Elizabeth for the past year: Value of imports, £1,225,102 value of exports, £1,312 025 ; total shipment of wool direct, 20,740.8tU lbs. to Table Bay, 917,700 lbs. ; amount of customs' duties, £135,749. The imports have increased to the extent of about £80,000, but the exports have Brightly diminished in value, from obvious causes ; ^ whilst the customs revenue is greater by £9,100 than in the pre YOUR year. THE CULTIVATION OF TOBACCO. -The fertility of the soil of the Transvaal territory is sufficiently illustrated by the following fact mentioned by the Colesberg Advertiser : - '. A farmer of the name of Du Toit came to Fauresmith a few days ago, with two waggon-loads of tobacco. He cultivated a field measuring 300 yards by 100 yards, and his last crop was 21,000 plants, from which he realized seven thousand pounds weight of tobacco fit for the market. He has planted 24,000 plants this season." ZOOLOGY -Mr. Bower, from the Transvaal, is now on his way down to the lower districts with a fine young chaps, about three years old. The animal, although so young, is much larger than any ox, is in excellent condition, and perfectly sane. He was offered £100 for it-by Mr. J. Walker, of King William's Town, but declined to sell. Mr. Bower has also with him a full-grown porcupine (a native of the Transvaal): The little animal is about 2 lbs. weight, and when alarmed it rolls itself up in the shape of a tuft of grass, and is then a mere handful.- Colesburg Advertiser. EARTHQUAKE. The Natal papers state that a smart, shock of an earthquake extended down the coast on Wednesday, the 4th instant. It was felt distinctly about 6.30 pm-The peculiar motion attending the phenomena being one there is no mistaking. The atmosphere was unusually sultry at the time, followed by thunder and lightning. The Graham's Town Journal states that Ralph Wardlaw Thompson, son of the Rev., W. Thompson, of Cape Town, delivered an excellent sermon on Sunday evening, January 12th, in Trinity Church, Graham's Town. Mr. Thompson has lately returned to this country from Scotland and Holland. ' THE NATAL CONTRIBUTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL ExiimiTioN -We take the following from the Natal Mercury of December 12th The exhibition of the colonial contribution to the International Exhibition of 1862. was opened in Maritzburg on Thursday in the Government schoolroom, which was filled with interested visitors In the evening, the band of the 85th was in attendance, and played at intervals, much to the delight of those present. The great focus of the collection stood at the far end of the room-a gigan- resque frame of carved stinkwood, twenty feet high, and twenty-four feet wide, arcaded the entire breadth of the room with one central arch, and four wing arches. This frame bore a carved shield with the Gnu of Natal at its apex, and white letters on a black ground below, setting forth the inscription ''Colony of Natal." The pillars of the arches were carved to represent euphorbia stems and twining plants. The centre compartment was filled with a beautiful coloured topographical map of the colony of large size, executed under the direction of Dr. Sutherland. At the sides were large charts; boldly and scientifically illustrating the climate and seasons, from the observations and deductions of Dr. Mann. Between these charts and the map, at either side were suspended a series of coloured drawings, illustrative of natural scenery, contributed by Lieutenant White, Dr. Beare, and Mr. Charles Dickinson. This frame is the great centre of attraction, under whose wings will be sheltered and consolidated the other articles forwarded by Natal. It rested upon a long counter of yellow-wood, silkwood, and redspoke wood, on which were grouped in three long steps of tiers, a seemingly endless series of objects of Kafir manufacture. Along the sides of the rooms were suspended skins and carcases of carnivora and antelopes, furnishing a magnificent tapestry 9 and this was fringed below by horns and tusks, here and there relieved by beads and skulls, and frames of photographs ; Horne representing tit-bits of city scenery and some tit-bits of Kafir features and coiffure. A short distance from the frame, and in front of it, there stood a remarkable little model of a Dutch wagon, one-third life-size, end with all its paraphernalia complete. The wagon was carpeted on lion skins, and buttressed by very fine skins and horns of the hoodoo and onyx. At the opposite end of the room a black ostrich skin spread its dark wings on a striped Springbank across. Before and below this trophy was handed a pile of colonial woods, carefully prepared and numbered, in logs five feet long, and with transverse measures of twelve inches and six inches ; set round at the base by a long line of wood-sections. We counted nearly thirty distinct kinds of these larger specimens, and yet more of the sections and heard furthermore a rumour that there are yet others weather-bound somewhere in the Kar Kloof, and on their way to join the vegetable; exodus. Scattered, about in all convenient places were tanned hides, and samples of the sample bases, filled with grain and produce. There can be no doubt that the Natal exhibition is to be a fact and a SUPREME COURT Business in Master's Office, to day : M'Phellamy v. Smith, plaintiffs charge John? bins v. Styles, further charges. SUDDEN DEATH.-A man named Thomas Perry, about fifty years of age, employed by Mr. E. Manning, took suddenly ill, and expired in his employer's office yesterday. Dr. Mackay was called in, but, the deceased was then beyond the power of medical skill An inquest on the body will be held to-day. FOREIGN DECORATIONS or HONOUR. The Queen. has been pleased to give and grant unto Colonel the Hon. St. George G. Foley, C.B., H.M.'s Royal license and permission that he may accept and wear the insignia of the Imperial Order of the Legion. of Honour of the Third Class, which his Majesty the Emperor of the French has been pleased to confer upon him as a mark of his Imperial Majesty's approbation of his distinguished services before the enemy during the late combined British and French operations against China.- United Service Gazette. AN ELEPHANTINE ACTOR. Sir Emerson Tennent, in his Natural History of Ceylon, says the elephant occasionally feigns death in order to regain its freedom, Of a recent captive he writes-I was led from the corral as usual between two tame ones, and had already proceeded far towardsitsdestination, when night closing in, and the torches being lighted, it re- fused to go on, and finally sank to the ground; apparently lifeless. Mr. Cripps ordered the fastenings to be removed from its legs, and when all attempts to raise I it had failed, so convinced was he that it was dead, that he ordered the ropes to be taken off and the carcass abandoned. While this was being; done, he and a gentleman by whom he was accompanied loaned, against the body to rest. They had scarcely taken their departure and proceeded a few yards, when to their astonishment the elephant rose with the utmost felicity, and fled towards the jungle, screaming author top of its voice, its cries being audible long after its had disappeared in the shades of the forest. "A LADY .AIDE-DE-CAMP.-Quite a sensation was created in Jefferson City (says a New York paper) on the evening of the 9th December, by the arrival of Mrs Colonel Ellis, from Tipton, bearer of despatched, from General Hunter and Colonel Ellis. She was dressed in a semi-military riding habit and hat, with, a crimson sash thrown round the left shoulder, as an officer of the day, mounted on a splendid charger, and attended by two orderlies. She had itilcVetv. forty-five miles since ten o'clock, and, without being a moment's rest, delivered her orders at carry, and then waited upon General Price with her dear patches, urging forward two squadrons of Colonial Ellis's command, now here to rejoin the regiment, at Tipton. This market value is attached to the First Missouri Cavalry, as special aide to her bushland; Colonel Wv, 