THEATRE ROYAL. i The anticipated performance of ' Hamlet, Princo of Denmark,' by Mr Barry Sullivan had excited an unusual amount of interest in Mel bourne, as evinced by the immense audience as sembled on Saturday evening at his Australian dibut. His reputation as an actor had preceded him ; and, irrespective of the testimony borne to his merits by the English press, there were ' '''ss many present who had witnessed his doubi... successes in years upon other boarus, ...... had thus their owu previously acquired impres sions to rely upon. These felt almost a personal interest in his triumph. Without desiring to be invidious, we do not hesitate to pronounce Mr Sullivan's Hamlet the best ever presented upon the Victorian stage ; and we are disposed to doubt — Fechter notwithstanding — if there is another living actor who can favorably compare with him in this masterpiece of character-painting. Mr Sullivan's rendition of Ilamlst is a finished performance ; without sacrificing breadth of effect, the nicest touches are delicately and distinctly limned. It is pre-Raphaalite in detail, but still massive and compact as a whole. It is the Hamlrt we would feel entitled to expect from a scholar — from a close student of Shakespeare — from one who would not sacrifice a word to gain a meritricious effect — from the artist who makes his art his study, and who has earnestly delibe rated over every situation and every phrase until he has arrived at fixed conclusions. The results are then given us with such ease that we lose sight of the means in the apparently un studied perfection of the effect. Nothing proves this actor's ability more than the results he achieves without apparent effort. There iB an absence of noisy declamation, or melodramatic gesture, and his poses are eminently statuesque. He glides through his part with such consummate ease and quietude that his audience are com pelled to rapt attention, lest they should lose a glance or a gesture ; and thus the slightest of these obtains the recognition it deserves. Mr Sullivan's Hamlet is not a mere repeating of the words of the play. Ho is in no doubt as to the author's intention, and having formed his con ception he turns to account every legitimate point in sustentation of his predetermined conclusions There is the elegance and refinement of the 'homo ad unguem,' without any sacrifice of the force of the 'durus vir.' The general tendency is repose, which throws the more striking scenes into powerful relief. He gives the impression of act ing under rather than over his powers, and that he subdues rather th'n exaggerates his capabi lity. Mr Sullivan gives us some unaccustomed read ings, in most of which we are fully prepared to go with him. We shall instance one or two. In Samlet's first appeal to the Ghost, (Knight's edition of Shakespeare) the text gives us— ' What may tlita mean— That thou, dead corse, again, In complete steel, Rerisit'st thus tho glimpses ot the moon J' For the word italicised, Mr Sullivan reads 'dread;' which, whilst it sustains the impres sion of Hamlet's terror at the apparition, saves the text fro m the flaw of a redundant adjective. Again, in Hamlet's soliloquy before his interview with the Queen, — ' Now could I drink hot blood, And do such business ai the better day Would quako to look upon,' The transposition, thus : — ' And do such bitter business as the day,' &c.;, is an obvious improvement^ upon a reading com mon enough with commonplace Hamlets. If we heard Mr Sullivan aright he gave us, in describing Folonius at supper, 'a certain convocation of ' palated' worms are e'en at him' for ' politic'' worms. This we should not consider a desirable emendation. The force of the qualifying term ' politic' is very great — suggesting, as it does, a sort of retributive juetice upon, the King's quon dam political adviser — and is thus replete with pungent satire upon human mutability. Enough of verbal criticism, which might be inde finitely extended. Mr Sullivan combines with the genius which is an absolute requi site in such a part as HamUt the physical qualifications for an agreeable and forcible interpretation. He possesses a lithe and graceful figure. Hii face, without being what is usually termed handsome in detail, is intellectual in ex pression, the eye being large and bright, and his features are sufficiently mobile to express with equal force the whirlwind of passion, the intensity of scorn, or the beaming gentleness of love. And this brings us to one particular charm in his acting — his chivalrous demeanor towards women. Towards Ophelia, even when he compels himself to address her with feigned harshness, there is a constant ebullition of tenderness revealing itself through tho disguise which he assumes to delude the listeners of whose contiguity he is aware. Hamlet's return to the stage after he finally bids Ophelia ' to a nunnery go,' was a conception of Edmund Kean's. He kissed Ophelia's hand — | I Mr Sullivan presses his lips to her brow; to our view, much more in keeping with the relation of Mentor which he had been assuming towards her, at the same time implying something more of the lover than the other more formal mode of farewell. Again in the scene where, closeted with the Queen, he holds up to her the hideous deformity of her sin. Mr Sullivan shows that he has taken to himself, in its literal sense, the advice of Hamlet to the actors — for in the very torrent and temp e.t of passion, he never forgets that Hamlet is a gentleman, and that he is speaking to a woman, although a sinful one. The harshness of his language is evidently forced from him ; and although he repulses his mother's attempted em braces, he does so with gentleness, thus pourtrny irig how painful is the struggle between the divided filial affection due to his dead, wronged father, and that to his living, sinning mother. To recount the situations where Mr Sullivan most distinguished himself would be to catalogue the scenes in which he appears. We shall however, select one or two. Upon the occasion where he resolves to follow the Ghost, and where Horatio and Mnr cellvs. endeavor to forcibly restrain him lest evil befall him, and as he hurls them from him, say ing passionately — ' Unhand me, gentlemen ; t% By Heavfn, I'll make a ghost of him that lets mo-'. 1 ' I say, away !' I and as in the very act of human rage he turns towards his father's spirit, passion instantaneously dies out of frame and voice, as he falls into an attitude of filial respect for his spiritual visitant, »ad continues saftly — ? ' Go oa— I'll follow thee,' „ the effect was electric, inadequate though our description may be. The avoidance of the usual accent upon the penultimate pronoun, and the I p lacing it upon the final substantive in the fol- I lowing, gave it a new and much more general and i appropriate signification — ' There aro more things In heaven and earth, Horatio, \ Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' We have already mentioned the excellence of the two interviews — that between Hamlet and Ophelia, and again that between Hamlet and the Queen. We never heard better or more expressively de livered the beautiful lines, ' What a piece of work is man ! How noble in reason 1 How infinite in faculties ! in form and moving how express and admirable ! in action, how like an angel ! in ap prehension, how like a god ! the beauty of the world '. the paragon of animals !' Again, in the self-reproachful soliloquy at the end of the second act, when he doubts his natural courage, and re proves his own wordy inaction towards righting his father's wrong, the pudience were wrought up to the highest pitch of excitement. The world | celebrated 'To be, or no? to t e-' and the grare yard contemplation of poor Yorick's ^ I worthy of the reet Of Mr. ? . ? „ ' ? — vhumhu a perrormancei When he appears amongst Btartled mourners, announcing himself, ' This is I, — Hamlet, the Dane,' his voice rang out with a clarion clearness showing what it is capable of when in perfect oi'&ef-; In the final scene, Mr Sullivan shows how intel ligence and stage experience overcome apparent 'difficulties. It has always appeared to us rather unnatural in the personal struggle between Hamlet and Laertes that the foil should change hands so that the poisoned weapon finds its way to the control of Hamlet, with which to inflict Laertes' death wound. Mr Sullivan gives naturalness to the scene by dropping his own weapon when he feels the puncture of Laertes' point — and then, in his suddenly-aroused desire for revenge, he rushes upon the latter and wrests from him the envenomed weapon — the latter picking up the dropped foil of Ham 1st, the combat ia renewed. It is by nice attention to these minor points that a per fect and compact unity is attained. The death of Hamlet, as illustrated by Mr Sullivan, is marked by none of those convulsive gymnastics which degrade tragedy to the level of melodrama. Mr Sullivan, upon his first appearance, received a cordial recognition from many who remember him upon distant stages, and at the conclusion of nearly every aot was called before the curtain, upon the final fall of whioh he stated that he hoped to present his audience with a more worthy representation of Hamlet than he had given them upon this occasion, as he was Buffering severely from hoarseness, owing to the sudden changes in the weather. We do not think we exceed the limits of fact when we say that- with the exception of the leading part, there were only two others worthily played — and these Vere the Ghost by Mr Henry N. Warner, and Laertes by Mr H. Edwards. Mr Warner was as expressive and as little monotonous as can be expected when the only gesture permitted is the silent wave or beckon, and where grave monotone is an exigent necessity. The audience received him warmly. Mr Henry EdwardB made a very acceptable Laer ex, and his performance was not wanting in fire or vigor. Miss Goueenheim was undoubtedly^pniifttaking as Ophelia. Beyond this, and possessing the personal attractions which aid the impersonation of such a part, we cannot add anything complimentary. It seemed that we always had Miss Gougen heim before us, and not Ophelia. The Shakesperian heroine is, we fear, out of her line of business. Mrs Poole disappointed us. We thought she could play the Queen, but some of her most pathetic efforts had the rather undesired effect of exciting the risibility of the audience. The King — we forbear to name hiB representative — neither looked, walked, dressed, nor talked like a king. The only kingly thing about h im was that he exercised his royal prerogative in not taking the trouble to know the words of his part ; and thereby caused a dangerous hiatus, which sometimes results very unpleasantly. The audience, however, exhibited much good-humored forbearance. Mr Gardner has not the faintest ?onception of the ohoracter of Polonius — unless indeed a strong Hibernian accent be considered sufficient qualification. The words of Horatio's part had been so extensively cut down that there was nothing left for the holder of the role ; this was, perhaps, quite as well under all the circum stances. Mr Harry Jackson ought to know | better than make the First Qravediggcr a buffoon. The practical illustration of ' taking a header,' | when he suggests the alternative, ' if the man go to this water and drown himself,' was sadly out of place. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern did not convey to us preconceived impressions of courtiers of Denmark. The play was but poorly mounted, and more attention to the department of the costumier would be very desirable. We are aware that the pre-engagement of many of the best actors and actresseB renders it difficult to secure the services of a firBt-olass company, but the management should make a more ambitious effort than that of Saturday evening. Mr Sullivan had tremeadous difficulties to encounter in carrying through the play to a successful issuo. The possession of one trump card will not seoure the game unless there be some others to back it. We believe that Mr Barry Sullivan will sustain the favorable impres sion he created in the minds of a Melbourne audience, on Saturday evening, by his splendid realisation of tho melancholy but brilliant Dane. 