LORD LYTTLETON AND THE GHOST. THE following interentingpnpor,in whioh L^rd Woîtooto hus reoorded Ibo mysterious oiruurnatonnos wbioh nt tended the death nf hie nephew. Thomas Lord Lyttle- ton, eppears in Notesani Quirins, to whioh it baa bret communicated by Lord Lyttleton. Dr, Johnton, it will ba romembetot, is reoorded to hu ve en- tl-"I beord it with my own cara from bil nnole, Lord Westonia. I am RO ({Ind to have avery evidenon of tbs spiritual world that I am willing to beUove if." The following, there fore, ia undoubtedly tba aoooant whioh Lird VVostdOto told tho dootnr, and whioh tho doctor holiavnd - ' HEUAT1K4I1LE DttEAM OP TrtOMAS LOUD LYTTELTON. "On Thursday, tba 8öth rf November, 1770, Thomr s Lord Lyttolion when bo oarao ti hreokfast deolarcd to Mrs. Flooi, wiro of Frederick Flood, Esq, ef the Kingdom ot Ireland, and to the Ihroo Misa Amphletts I who wera lodged io hiB house in Hill-street, London (where ho then also was), that he had had an extraordi- nary dream the night before. Hesnidhe thought bo was in a roora wbioh a bird flew into, willoh appearanoo waa suddenly obsuged Into that of a wo mun dressed in white, who bad« him proparo to die; to wbioh ho answered, I hope not BOOR-not in two months. Sha ropll'd, Yo?, in three dsjs. He Bald bo did not m ii oh rpg.ird it, hoonuBO be could in simo meaiuro sooount far it ; for that a few days beForo he h td boon with Mrs. Dawson, when a robin red breast flow into bis room. When ha bad dressed himnelf that day to go to the Hoaso of Lord?, bo onid bo thought ho did not look as if be was likely to die. In tho ovonlng of (bo followinp day, hoing Fri- day, ha to d tba eldest Miis Amphlott that sba Irok'd molanoholy ; but, said ho,yon are foolish and fearful ; I have lived two dnj-B, and, God willing, I will live nut the thiid. On the morning ol Bitunlay, he told ihn pomp ladies that be was vory well, and boliovod teal hs ahoud hilh Ihm {ihnmt... "Some boers afterwards lie went withrtham, Mr. For. tcsoue und Captain Wolseley to 1'ittplaeo, at Epsom, withdraw to bia bed.ohamber coon after eleven o'clock nt night, talkod oboerfnl'y to hU ecrvjnt, and portion, larly inqriir-d rfbim what oaro hod bonn taken to pro. vida gnod rolla for his breakfast the next morning; stepped into bed with hi< waUtaoat o", and as his err* vant waa pulling it off, put his band tn MB Mde, Blink book, and immedialoly orpirod without a grrau. Ho ato a good dinner otter tis arrival at Pitt Pince that day, took an egg for bis supper, and did not seem lo b.i at all out of order, exo?pt that »hilo be wa; ealing tils noup at dinner bo hid a rising in bis throat, a thing which had often happened to him bolaro, and willoh obliged him to snit soma of it out. Iiis phyti. oian. Dr. Fothcrcill, lol J rae Lord L; Helton hui in the sommer prea°ding a had pain iii bia side; and he judicM that soma [great vessel in the rori where lie hi.d felt the pain gave way, and to that ho conjectured his death was owing. His declaration of bil droam, and his expressions obovo mentioned oonsrq lentlal there* milo, were, open n elope inquiry asserted to me t > hove been FO by Mri?. Flood, tho cl Jest Mise Aropblet», Captain Wolseley, and his tnlet deoliambre, Faulkner, who drofsod him on the Thursday, and tho manner of lils death was rolntjd to ina hy Willi-m Stn .U/y in thu pres^noo of Mr. For.ejcan and Cantata Wolseley, Smokey being the servant who attended him in bis bod chamber, j and in whoso aimo he died." 