? A 'MEDIUM' IN 1772: Being 'an authentic, candid, and ciicumst&ntial; narrative of the astounding transactions at Stockwell. in the County of Surrey, cn the Gth and 7th days of Janusry, 1772, containing a -:'=- of the moet surprising and unaccountable \- ' — 'tinned. Efci.— events that ever happened ; vvmu, ? ? ' ? ^roIR J?tst '° Upwards of twenty hours, and at different places, published with the consent nf iliA fnmiltv nnrl ? .1 ».- uiuti pmues coacernea. * ' any one remember the Stockwell Ghost ?' * Doe» was less scientific, and more gullible. The world years ago, that it is at present ; perhaps, ninev, '' surprising and unaccountable but yet certain ? -ordn in these days se'em so events ; which it re. redivivus that I suggestive of Stockwell ^ dump, good reader hunted upthestory ; frcmpagi. 0r „ e,r' not with the delightful dampnet_ _'!ji } serial, but with the damp of years,- ^ C0Vered with yellow blotches. The 'astonishing transactions ' were as' foU [ lows : — On Twelfth-Day, 1772, a certain Mr« Goldtng was in tho parlor of her house at Stockwell when she heard a noise of falling glass and china in the kitchen, and her maid, who had been in her ser vice but a few days, came to tell her that the atone plates wero falling from the shelf. Mrs Golding went out, and immediately noisea began to be heard c.ll over the house ; a clock fell down and was shattered, a lantern tumbled from the staircase and smashed itself, and an tar then pan storied in pieccs, and its contents wers scat tered about the floor. The noise attracted several persons to the spot, one of whom, a carpenter, gavo m his opinion that the foundations of the house were giving way. Mrs Golding ran into a neighbor s house and fainted. When she camtit to herself, being h til 1 weak and fair.t, a surgcanE. was desired to bleed her, which he did — rather at questionable ifmedy for weakness-— and the blood* in a congealed state, sprang from tho basin to the floor, the basin breaking to pieces. A bottle or rum, at the same time, made shipwreck ofitself In tho meantime the bystanders, for fear of the catastrophe foretold by the carpenter, wereburily engaged in removing Mrs Golding'a effects to the house in. which she herself had taken rpfuge. It soon became evident, however, that some agemt, more mysterious and horrible than s yielding' foundation, 'was at work. A pier-glass wrenchew itself from the arms of the man who carried it an£ fell, smashing itself. It was pushed under a side-^ board, and immediately a scene ot 'destruction, began above it. Glasses, jars, cups, and bottks4 danced oyer each other and into each other irt^' a furious manner, many of them springing to thfr-r ground in fragments. Some one being asked to** take a glass of wine or spirits, both the indi cated bottles flew in pieces before they could bo touched. Mrs Golding'a surprise and fear became; intolerable. Seeing that whejevtr she' and her' moid went, these strange, destructive circum stances followed them, it could not bo expected that the neighbors would receive such certain losa into their^ houses ; and what was to become or her? It is to.be remarked that though the ser vant of the unhappy lady was the only perBon. wlio expressed no terror, yet she was - onstantly walking about, and could not be persuaded to'sifc still. . Mris Golding next took refugo in tho house of her niece, a Mrs Pain, sending her own servant - back to see what went on at the house which was* not falling. During the absence of the Bervant ? Ann Robinson — all was quiet, but soon after her return to her mistress a fresh scencbegan. First a whole row of pewter plates fell from a shelf to the flior, rolled about a little while, then settled* and as soon as they were quiet, turned over. Being replaced, they repeated the performance, ?after which a second row perpetrated the same ' feat. An egg, which stood on one of the shelves, flew off aeioss the kitchen, , struck a cat on its lictid, and then broke to pieces. A pestle and. mortar next jumped from the high chimney-piece,, followed by the candlesticks and all the 'brasses,' till, nothing remained on the shelf: Mra Pain, and her servant then put the glasses and china ort the floor, thinking to save something ; 'but thespi ; rits laughed at such a precaution, und ir tumbler immediately jumped up about , two feet, and was , broken. Another followed the example ; then a china bowl, and a tumbler, with rum- and water in it, jumped about ten feet, and was shattered. ' Next, a mustard pot flow out of a ol set in pieces, . and a simple cup that had been left on the tabla jumped up, flew across the kitchen, riaging like a 1 bell, and dashed itself to pieces against che dresser. Then the table itself began to dance. It did not use its claws after- the fashion of quadrupeds, as. some tables d) in these days to climb upon' Bofas, Sc. — perhaps it had no claws — but it put itself into sundry unnatural positions before it could be t,u jiuiu wxuu xaiseu lisuic from it3 hook, and fell to the ground Some time afterwards another one performed the same feat, and a flitch of bacon brought up the rear. I Several of Mrs Pain's family were reduced to ; nueh a state of terror that they could not stay jil. the house ; but Mrs Golding's servant, Anil. Robinson, was perfectly composed, and continued . walking backwards and forwards in a ghostly manner, entreating her mistress not to be alarmed, as these things could not be helped. This curious way of viewing the matter, added to the fact that whenever Ann Robinson was absent the maniles tations ccased, caused her to bo looked upon with mingled dred and suspicion; but, since she waa never seen near any of tho falling obj-cts, it was - e7ident that if she had anything to do with ? the transac iona, her power must bo supernatural. . ' The noises and destruction, however, continued, at intervals during the niyht, till there was not more than a cup and saucer or two remaining to the unfortunate Mrs Pain. About five o'clock^ in the morning, Mrs Golding declarod that she could remain in that house no longer, and went over, desired her maid to follow, to the house ot a Mr Fowler. As usual, nothing happened there, until dis appearance of Ann Robinson, on which, however,, the unaccountable disturbances be«au again; and.* tho maid, going privately to Mr Fowler, warned., him not to let her mistress remain there, as. wherever slio was, the same things wonld follow. Mr Fowler then, fearing greater loss, requested Mra Golding to leave his house ; first begging; her to consider whether she h id not been guilty of some atrocious crime, foe which Providence: was determined to pursue her on this side the; grave. Mrs Golding replied that her conscience wa». clear, and shj would not stay in liis, or any other person's house any longer, but would go buck to her own. Mr Pain wont with her, Ann Robin son, of course, being one of the party. As soon, as they arrived, 'a pail of water began, to boil, like a pot on the fire ; a box of candles fell down from a shelf, and a table began to move,, and fell down. Mr Pain then sent Ana Robinson, for his wife; during her absence no thing happened, and on her return, she waB immediately discharged. And there ended tht disturbances. Some few, pertinacious and dis agreeable persons, ventured to suggest that Ann Robinson might be able to explain the atl'air in a natural manner,. but they were hissed down. If' she had anything at ail to do with it, then she must have had means at lior command of which ordinary mortals know nothing. It was decided, that tho animation of inanimate crockery, furni ture, &c.;, could not possibly have been effected1, by humans means. For the satisfaction of such, for instance, as the narrative probably und sneeringly alludes to 03. being 'bo ready to discover natural causes for every tiling,' it may be added that some yearn. after the astonishing transactions, nnd when the Stockwell Ghost had begun to fade and be no more heard of, this same Ann Robinson made a. private confession to a (jencleman capable ot en joying a practical joke even when it bordered — as this certainly did — on downright wickedness. She put long horsehairs to some of the crockery, and wires under others ; on pulling or touching these of course tho moveables full. When aho saw the effect of her first feats she was. tempted to ex ercise her dexterity beyond tho original purpose for mere amusement. She loosened, the hams and. bacon, nttuching theaiby tlieskbis, whicliBoongavfc way ; and she tlirewa chemical -powder into the pail of water as she passed, alter which it bubbled. She managed to throw down, several, ai-ticles with ^ her own hands, and when the victims turned an''/ saw them brokon or in motion, they attributed, it to unseen agency. In short, the only nvagie. ,vaa the dexterity of the supposed witch, and-ra very large featuro in the case — the alarm of the spec tators, whoso tenor at the tiipe, and their con versations afterwards, magnified maivj of tho : circumstances and invented others, and vUo wore too full of their own dread of supernatural agency . , . to bo capable of examining anythi^, or oven of ? . , ; ; a moderate degree of observation:-- IVee/t.. , * Title of an octavo tract, ' prlnio^ for j, Uurkf. tojfc a seller, la St, Martln'i Lane, 1772.' 