BALLAARAT, PAST AND PRESENT. A PAPER READ AT THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE, BALLAARAT. It has been suggested to me that I should embody in the form of a paper, my impressions of Ballaarat in 1855 and in the prseent year, and I cheerfully comply with that suggestion. I cannot hope to say much that will be perfectly new -fco you on this subject ; but as I find that, in reading a work of fiction, we are often most struck by those pas sages which present us with trite facts, faimliar truths, .and homely incidents, which had eluded the notice of previous novelists, so the familiarity of much that I shall have occasion to say, may not, perhaps, altogether deprive it of interest in your eyes. I think it. must be conceded that we live at a racing pace in this colony ; that the flow of thought and action, ana tne lurry of events, are wonderfully -rapid ; so that five years in Vic- loria are equivalent to fifty years in Eu rope. Having taken possession of a vir gin soil, we find that there is an "infinite amount of work to do, in or der to render it productive and ha bitable, and to assimilate it to the country we have left j so we apply ourselves to . the task with the cha racteristic energy of our race, and crowd the effort and the enterprise of half a century into a few short years. _ Whatever faults we £ Britons may pos- C sess, we are at any c rate dragons for | work. Our ardor = for it is insatiable ; % and, unlike the waggoner in the « fable,, if we happen " to get bogged, we do not kneel down -and pray to Her cules to extricate us from the mire, but we manfully 1 put our own shoul- ders to the wheel, and overcome the difficulty by sheer . indomitable pluck. 4 'So, too, with the various enterprises we engage in. Failure never in duces despair. We are not addicted to whining over spilt milk. We exclaim, with the old Scotch man, when any of our 'pans do not succeed, " if it's nae weel bobbit, we'll bobbit again." There results from this superabundant energy, and this remarkable avidity for work, a great faculty for coloni zation ; and, with it, the accomplishment of that extra ordinary progress which has been witnessed in this colony since the discovery of the gold-fields, and which is more particularly evident in your own district. As a people, I do not think we are generally liable to the reproach of being braggarts. We are fonder of doing than talking ; and therefore I hold that we are entitled to indulge in a little glorification occasionally ; more especially when we come to reckon up what we have done, and to consider how very short has been the time we have had to do it in. I go back five years in the history of this town, and I am inclined to rub my eyes in amazement at the transformation it has undergone in the interval. When I last saw Ballaarat, it was just recovering from the check it had received, and the excitement into which it had been plunged by the events of December, 1854. The site of the old Eureka was still vacant, and some of those who took a prominent part in the affair at the Stockade were still playing at hide and seek, on account of the price set upon their heads. The hot blood engendered by that collision had not altogether cooled down, and I remember being well " joed" by a party of diggers, as I entered the town on the coach, on account of the obnoxious shape of my hat. The ride from Geelong to Melbourne, in those days, was a thing to rack your bones and dislocate your joints ; the company in which you travelled was more numerous than select ; and I think I heard as niuch hard swearing, and saw as much hard drinking, as ever I saw or heard in my life. Everybody seemed to feel it to be a duty he owed to society and to himself to stop at every public-house on the road, and exchange good money for bad brandy. Everything, in the estimation of my bibulous com panions, took a sanguinary hue. The weatner was sanguinary hot, the road was sanguinary rough, the horses were sanguinary' jibbers ; although, so far as I was a judge of horseflesh, if the team was deficient in anything, it was in that very article of blood of which every man's mouth was (metaphorically speaking) brim- ful. On reaching Ballaarat, the face of the valley re sembled that of a man deeply marked with the small pock ; or perhaps an apter simile would be that of a colander, so riddled was the ground with holes, through which the coach wound deviously, like a snake, giving an occasional lurch, which threatened to pitch us into a ready-made grave. To this day, the Yankee driver looms large in my memory. The quantity of tobacco he chewed, the extraordinary phrases of encouragement he addressed to the horses, the strong nasal accent with which he enquired if we. were "all aboard," and the skill with which he piloted the vehicle over stony- rises, through the charred stumps in the bush, and among treacherous crab- holes, live — like the ghost's communi cation to Hamlet— "all alone, within the book and volume of my brain, unmixed with baser matter." As for the Main Road in those days, its inhabitants were exposed to a choice of evils — they were either involved in clouds of dust, or immersed in the most tenacious and adhesive of mud. Footpaths there were none, and with very few exceptions, the stores seemed to have been suddenly improvised out of the most fragile, discordant, and incongruous materials. Upon the mind of a stranger, the effect was indescribably grotesque ; and the throng of people trampling through the mud, and poaching it into the consistency of hasty pudding or of treacle posset, seemed just as strange and curious in their aspect as the place itself. Towards evening, the bars swarmed with thirsty or convivial crowds. It was a matter of favor to catch the eye of the honorable the barman, who handed you a foaming spider, and took your eighteenpence or two shillino-s with the air of a man who was performing an act of extreme condescension and overpowering good nature tossing the silver' into the till with the most supreme indifference both to it and you. The other evening I went into a neighboring tavern, called for a glass of ale, paid for it, and was struck all of a heap by the bland courtesy of the " thank you, sir," which was offered in acknowledgement of my humble sixpence. The " thank you" startled me, remembering, as 1 did, the surly un concern of barmen in the olden times ; but the " sir" fairly took my breath away. It did indeed. It was so unexpected, so intensely polite, so utterly at va riance with all my reminiscences of the past. I have a dim recollection of the Montezuma Thea tre, and of a dra matic performance therein, seen, through a haze of tobacco smoke, which choked the voices of the actors, and rendered the whole exhibition very much like one of those battle pieces, in which, the artist inge niously contrives that you' shall see nothing but the heads and tails of the horses, the swords of the ca valry, and the mouths of the guns, on account . of the smother ; from the cannon. \ At that time the > Chinese encamp- | ment had not been 1 removed to Golden Point, and the al- , mond-eyed Celes- i tials occupied a ' place called Hong i Kong ; the main > street of which was | much more orien- tal-looking than that at Golden. Point. It was ori ental. in its filth,' oriental in- the mul titude ajd Variety of its steiiches, and oriental in the in- dolent enjoyment to which some of i THE COLONEL OF THE VICTORIAN VOLUNTEERS AND STAKE. (Colonel Pitt, Captain Hall and Captain Pitt). ' . . — its' inhabitants seemed to surrender themselves. The waiter at the London Tavern, who was constantly in the habit of packing a quart of port in a pint decanter, executed a.feat which was insignificant by comparison with that of the Chinese who stowed themselves away every night , in sleeping apartments, where they must have been packed like herrings in a barrel. They had no theatre at that time, but private concerts appeared to be very much in vogue, and you would see a room full of Chinamen sitting with the most exemplary patience, and listening with the most serene resignation to one interesting individual, whose face was all mouth and nostrils, .and whose eyes had sunk so far back in his head, that I imagine they must have started out at the other side ; and this accomplished, musician, whose finger-nails were as long as Caliban's, strummed upon an attenuated banjo with three strings, producing the most lugubrious sounds which could afflict the human ear — sounds that, as Sir Toby Belch says, might have " drawn three souls out of one weaver." To my astonishment, when I visited the encampment at Golden Point the other evening, there was my old friend with the banjo, his finger nails longer than ever, his eyes gone still further back into his head, playing the same old dreary tune, as though he had never left off, never meant to leave off, and intended to die musically like the swan. My guide on this occasion was a Chinese banker, without the remotest resemblance to the Hon. Henry Miller, and with a manifestly philo sophical turn of mind, for upon being asked if his countrymen ever got intoxicated, he. replied " some times — ha ya ! — but Chinaman get drunk, him go to bed. Englishman get drunk, liim tumble down in the road — ah ya !" Now here Was a fine lesson for us Eng- lishmen, who, if we must indulge to excess, might very- well imitate John Chinaman, and go home to bed, instead of tumbling into a gutter, and getting in other people's way, until a policeman charitably interposes, and conveys us to the lock-up, which I observe is still standing, and constitutes one of the most remarkable antiquities of Baliaarat. It is as much a relic of the .dark ages as the thumb-screws and the Traitor's Gate in the Tower of London ; and I dare say some future novelist will make it as celebrated as Sir Walter Scott has done the Tolbootli at Edinburgh. In 1855 the female element in the population of' Baliaarat )as inconsiderable in point of quantity, and, with obvious exceptions, not pre-eminently choice in the matter of quality. The belle of the ball-room in those days (such Ball-rooms, I mean, as then flourished on the Flat), was ; more like . Bellona than Yenus, and was better calculated to inspire fear than affection. She dressed sumptuously, and arrayed herself in the hues of the rainbow. Her satin dress, which always looked as if it had been made for somebody else, was overlaid with a massive gold chain, a brooch as big as a warming pan, and a lace collar more costly than clean. Her hands, which were as red as raw beef, and big enough to fell a bullock, were garnished gorgeously with rings ; her movements were more energetic than graceful ; her language more emphatic than precise ; and she was sur rounded by an atmosphere redolent of Eau de Cologne, onions, and brandy. I don't know whether this style of female beauty has altogether disappeared ; but I do know that at the present moment there are as many elegant and accomplished ladies on Baliaarat as in any other part of the colony, and that the society to be met with in private circles is as attractive in person and manner as the most fastidious could desire. Five years ago the township was a straggling village, with scarcely a mile of metalled road within its limits, without footpaths, without gas, without habitations of any pretensions to commodiousness or comfort, and with but few inducements for people to settle on . it. No massive mills had then sprung up on the margin of the swamp, and the roads to the outlying districts were bush-tracks, some of thein impassable in winter. Look ing down upon the flat from Baliaarat West, it presented the appearance of a large encampment upon a vast cemetery ; and nothing could be more uninviting and unpicturesque than the prospect. Scarcely a patch of garden ground was to be seen, and the very goats ap peared to pick up a precarious livelihood by grazing upon broken bottles and empty sardine cases. The whim was the most elaborate piece of mining machinery employed ; and the auriferous wealth of your quartz- reefs was either unsuspected or undeveloped. The op portunities for rational enjoyment were very limited, and my only wonder was to find so many people con tentedly settling here. You judged, however, far better than I — as a casual visitor— did, and you are already reaping the reward-: of your forethought. You have succeeded in transforming an irregular encampment into the outline of a great city ; and you need- not despair of its rivalling, within the next five years, the metropolis of the colony ; if you continue to exhibit that public spirit and private .enterprise, of which the proofs are everywhere around me. w Properly to appreciate Baliaarat, in its present aspect, a visitor should take a mild preliminary course of Gee- long, after whichrthe life, bustle, activity and progress of Baliaarat, come upon you as a delightful surprise. You feel as Rip Van Winkle felt, when he awoke from his long slumber in Sleepy Hollow, and you begin to com pare the impressions of to-day with those of a remote yesterday. "Here, at any rate," you exclaim, "is an energetic population, the architects of their own fortune, and of the prosperity of the district, who visibly have : faith in the permanence of its resources, in the continu ance, of its progress, and in the auspicious character of ; its future. Here are men, who are laying the founda tions of a great city, an inland capital which must go on increasing in wealth, magnitude, and importance, and to which the opening of the railway will communicate a strong and durable impulse." No one who has reflected on the two main springs of your prosperity, mining and agriculture, and upon that commerce which they have called into activity, can fail to . perceive that you possess the strongest guarantees for the growth and stability of Baliaarat. I have not the remotest interest, either present or prospective, in ad dressing you in the language of exaggerated praise ; and therefore I claim the merit of sincerity for what I say, whatsoever may be its deficiencies in other respects ; and I unhesitatingly assert that the foundations of your welfare rest upon so solid a basis as not to be over thrown by any vicissitudes of politics or commerce. Many years must elapse before your alluvial leads are worked out, even supposing no new ones should be dis covered ; and the quartz-reefs are likely to provide em ployment for labor and capital for a century to come. You lie upon the ege of an agricultural tract of country, upon which nature seems to have been lavish of her gifts, and the soil of which is so fertile that, as an American would be tempted to observe, if you were to plant a tenpenny nail in it over night, it would grow up into a steam-engine next morning. When the railway is completed, I imagine that Mel bourne tourists will flock up to visit the Lake district of Victoria. Nor will they be disappointed with the scenery which it will offer for their admiration. Those tourists whose taste does not lie, like those of our old friend Dr. Syntax, in . the direction of the pic turesque, and who are worshippers of the useful and the practical, will find enough to engage their attention in the spread of agriculture in the district, and in the personal history of the frugal and laborious men who have covered its plains with waving corn-fields. The rise and progress of these farmers are not only honorable to themselves, but a lesson to the brawlers and loafers who occasionally make the night hideous in the Eastern Market, Melbourne. Most of the agriculturists of this district, I am informed, are self-made men. Instead of indolently loitering about Melbourne or Geelong, when they first arrived, they pushed vigorously into the in terior ; were not afraid of work, and not addicted to improvidence. With the first fruits of their industry and thrift, they purchased land, diligently cultivated it, applied the proceeds of its produce to the enlargement and improvement of their farms; cheerfully availed themselves of whatever assistance mechanical science can afford them, and are laying the foundations of a competence or of opulence for their children. Return ing from Burrumbete and Learmonth, on Saturday even ing last, the sight of these yeomen riding home from market, mounted in many instances upon excellent hackneys, carried me back to the old country ; although most of those I met were more spare of figure and lithe of limb, than the farmers you meet riding out of a county town on a Saturday eveuing in England. The sight, however, is a novel one to a resident in Melbourne, and is rendered the more interesting by a knowledge of the fact that these well-to-do yeoman have been the architects of their own fortune, and that every sack of wheat they send into this or other markets, diminishes to that extent the dependence of the colony upon external sources, for that supply of food which unquestionably it ought to raise within its own borders. But while there is so much that is attractive and gratifying on the surface of the earth, in this district, the stranger likewise meets with something to excite his curiosity and admiration underground : for your deep- sinkings and subterranean excavations are among the wonders of Baliaarat. To you, they are too familiar to excite astonishment, but to the stranger they are full of interest. I must include your iron foundries and saw-mills among the establishments of which you have reason to be proud; aud among the more prominent signs of that spirit of self-reliance which is cultivated so generally on Baliaarat. Frobably the time is not far distant when the discovery of coal measures, in conjunction with the iron ore which is so abundant in this colony, will enable you to smelt your own iron. Your saw mills, erected in and around Baliaarat, turn out not less than a million feet of timber per week ; and your breweries, coach factories, and other branches of enterprise, while they restrict yoUr expenditure upon imports, constitute so many additions to the productive ness of the district ; and so many proofs of your deter mination to put in force the invaluable principle of self- hcipfulhess. You are justified in looking forward, therefore; to the- opening of the railroad as to an event fraught with the utmost importance to your progress and prosperity. One of its first consequences will be the transfer from Melbourne and Geelong to Baliaarat of that large body of carriers and horses now engaged in the transport of merchandise from the seaboard to this district. Bal iaarat must become, in that case, the focal point from which will radiate the several streams of traffic to the outlying gold-fields, and to the rich agricultural country behind. A second result will he a material diminution in the price of such sea-borne commodities as you. con sume, including the coal and iron employed in your factories. A third consequence will be the opening up of a Melbourne market for your surplus agricultural produce, and for the timber of this district, which it is anticipated can be laid down at Melbourne by rail at a lower rate than it can be imported from Tasmania. Lastly and not least, perhaps, in your estimation, the railway will induce numbers of Melbourne men to visit this district, will enable them fairly to ascertain its capabilities, and will invite the investment of that capital which is now stagnating unproductively in the metropolis. Melbourne is no doubt the reservoir into which the money capital of the colony naturally flows and from which it does not distribute itself in fertilizing, streams over the whole country, for the simple reason that Melbourne capitalists know little or nothing of the interior, or of its abundant and diversified resources. Hence, as it appears to me, there is a constant tendency to an injuriously excessive accumulation of money in that city — a jjpletliorie or apoplectic condition of the money market. Speculation is therefore encouraged at certain times, until it begins to assume the character of a mania, when it is suddenly depressed. A panic ensues, and the metropolis passes through, a period of commercial depression ; until the accumulation of de posits in the banks leads once more to the renewal of speculation, and affairs pass through the former vicious circle. Now, from all I have observed on Baliaarat, as well as in the surrounding country, there is here a wide and a safe field for the employment of a much greater amount of capital than is even now invested in the dis trict, and I am persuaded that so soon as monied men in Melbourne can run up here in four hours by. the, rail way, and satisfy themselves as to tlie stability .of your mining, manufacturing, . agricultural, and commercial enterprises, there will be a steady influx of capital into Baliaarat, which will be equally beneficial to borrowers and lenders. With such prospects before you, even the most un hopeful man among you must look with anything but despondency towards the future of Baliaarat ; and must feel that he has acted wisely in casting in his lot with that of this community, and in planting his roof-tree upon so doubly prolific a soil. No prosperity can be fugitive which reposes upon two such durable bases as agriculture and gold-mining ; and every reverse you sustain will be necessarily temporary, and referable in most eases to the erroneous diversion of labor from a productive to an unproductive channel ; or to some variation in the productiveness of a given branch of industry. Fluctuations may and will occur from time to time, and you may appear to pause, occasionally, in the path of progress ; but if you will carefully examine year by year the net results of each year's enterprise and exertions, you will find that you are far in advance ; of last year's goal. Looking back upon the retrospect of the last seven years, for example, what prophecy would be too ex travagant to indulge in with respect to the progress which will be accomplished in the next seven ? Long before that time, you may reasonably calculate upon a population of fifty thousand being included within the limits of the two municipalities. By that time, Sturt- street will be flanked from end to end with mansions . or magazines worthy of that noble thoroughfare, and the central avenue will be the favorite resort — the Kensing ton Gardens — of the beauty and fashion of Baliaarat. The villa residences of your wealthy citizens will em boss the leafy sides of Warrenheep ; and omnibuses morning and evening, will convey those of your opulent ' classes who prefer to spend their evenings in rural seclusion, to their country houses on the shores of Bur rumbete. The extension of quartz-mining, and the dis- i covery of fresh alluvial leads, will augment the means of employment, enlarge the demand for locally man ufactured machinery, and will stimulate; the growth both of wealth and population. The formation of country roads, under the direction of the District Councils, here- : after to be constituted, will communicate a marked impulse to agriculture; and will have the effect of bring- 1 ing a still larger tract of country under the plough ; and I thus the simultaneous development of these two im portant branches of industry, encouraged, the one by the construction of reservoirs, and. the other by artificial irrigation, and scientific invention as applied to ma chinery, and attended by a correspondent development of commerce and of manufactures, will bring, about the realisation of all that you can hope, or . I can conjec ture. 