LAW NOTICES.-(This Day.) INSOLVENT COURT. (Before the Chief Commissioner.) First and Only Meetings Frank Chalmer, Peter Edwin Henderson, Joseph Bell, frauds long, Peter Aitken, Wong Ki Foy, George Fry., Catherine Steel, James M'Furlsco, James Ryan, David J. Barnes, Daniel David., John li. S. Rodd, William Hough, louis Hollander, Bush. Goodhind, William Jackson, William Malcolm, F. J. De Hugard, John Gordon, Alexander Duncan, Henry Kidner, and Frederick Burden,- all at eleven o'clock. Second Ueotln;;».-J. W. Dunbar, Charles Cozens, Henderson and John, Bonny and Wills, William Harvey, and Hooper and Dyer, at one o'clock. OOUN-Y.OOUltT. Heath and another v. O'Brien, Boyd v. Gray, Orange v. U'_Ii,lan, Sheehan v. Lucas, Farrell v. Hartnell, Taylor and Ivor v. Mainwaring, O'OiI Ingham v. Jones, Willison v. Curtin and others, JJoberty v. O'Dc-, Godfrey v. Hughes, Elliott v. Matthews, O'florman v. Mooney, Watt v. M'COmbe, Woitv. Fnrlo, Crisp v. Bird, Hughes v. Bagot, Green v. Hudson, Bell v. Turner, Egan and another v. Young: Clarke and others v. Lazarus, Buchan v. Cooper, M'Kay v. Knox, Sharland v. Goulding, Ce'ct a'. Caspar, Briscoe and others v. Stoves, Ovens Goldfields Water Company v. Scholtz, Mulcahy v. M'Cor. made, Sibbald v. SlbbaUl, Walton v. Levey, Anderson v. Anderson, Shaw and mother v. Roche, Sullivan v. Philps, Kinshela v. Dorset, O'Shanassy and other. a (trustee) v. Beaven, Smith and another (executors) v Darling, Mills v Orlcnaan and another. Radley v. Castillo, Miller v. Cullen, Macoboy and another v. chickens another. Laing (official assignee) v. Barnet, Cameron v Hill, White and another v. Kennedy, Watson v. Bäauotitvnip and another, Broad v. Price, Krglo V. Brown and another, Balliol re-selling, Coward V. Cooke, Watt and others v. Gibson, Jacobs. Buelrdi, Mackintosh v. Fogarty, Smith v. Philip, Gorrie v. Ktly, Colclough v Carrot!, Kennedy v. Quinlan, Hancock and another v. Kerley, Watson v. Earls, Cumming v. Bear and others, Body and another v. Bell ? rib and another, M'Loian v. Freer, same v. Braithwait, Allen v. Dunnett, Hogan v. BImuin, M'Crackan and mother v; Cantwell, Horne v. Marshall, Phillips v. Burn, Mackenzie and another v. Solomon and another, Godfrey v. Krone, National Bank of Australasia v. Baillie, Mownbam and Co. v. Young, Broadfoot v. Lukey, Burne v. Firebrace, - HIGHWAY ROBBERY-A the Ballarat Eastern Police Court, James Humphries was charged with highway robbery, in company with some others, Alexander Darragh deposed that he was a quarryman, and on passing through Esmond street, about two o'clock on the morning of the 20th inst,, met the prisoner and two other men, one of whom asked him to have a drink. He consented, and they desired him to go to a light some distance away, which they said was outside a publichouse door. They then went towards the light, but the prosecutor finding it further than he expected, said he would not go any further, and was about to return, when the prisoner threw his arm around his neck. One of the other men seized him from behind, and hold his right hand. They took from him a watch and chain, a two foot carpenter's rule, a portemonnaie, and a penknife." He valued the property stolen at £5. The watch now produced by Detective officer Hyland was the one that had been stolen from him, His neck was sore for about four days after the robbery, which soreness was caused by the squeeze which he received. The prisoner re- sembled one of the men. He wore a blue cap, like that of the prisoner's, but he would not like to swear to him. Witness had been in the Great Britain Hotel, and while there had pointed out the prisoner to the officer. _ He selected him from home ten men, and said if it was not the man who hrd stuck him up it must have been his ghost. Had no doubt but the prisoner was one of the u on who stuck him up, but would not swear it. Reported the robbery to the police shortly after. Was slightly under the influence of liquor on the night of the robbery, but could walk and take care of himself is left undone, frederick Poly Hank, a jeweller, divident in Armstrong-street, deposed that he knew the prisoner, who boarded in the Britannia Boardinghouse, with witness. On the morning of the 20th, about eleven o'clock, the prisoner asked him, " If he could shout a pint for him." Witness replied in the affirm tive. They then went into the Townhall Hotel, and had eli in! s. There the prisoner asked him to buy a watch. Witness said he did not want-, it, but he would buy it if he could make anything of it. He then took witness into a bedroom in the bor.rdiri'liourr, and liberated him the watch now produced. witness purchased it for 10s. The price or did not say where he got the watch. Charles Evans, boarding-house keeper, reposed that he knew the prisoner, who had boarded with him for three nights. On the morning of the 20th the prisoner did not come home until between tat e and three o'clock in the morn- ii g. Ho rapped for admission, and witness let ) im in. He was alone The Bench committed the prisoner for trial at the Circuit Court. Ballarat Star. 