MIS C E L L AN E OU S. A ''SEedlum*' ill 1773, ( From Onvc a IfccA-.) Being ' an authentic, candid, and circumstancial narrative of the astounding transactions at Stoekwell, in the county of Surrey, on the 6th and 7th days of January, 1772, containing the most surprising and unaccountable events that ever happened ; which continued from first to last, upwards of twenty hours, and at differ ent places, published with the consent of the family and other parties concerned, Does any one remember the Stoekwell Ghost ? The world was less scientific and more gulli ble perhaps, ninety years ago, than it is at pre sent; but yet certain surprising and unaccount able events, which it rccords in these times seem so suggestive of Stoekwell redivivius that I ha\e hunted up, the story, from pages damp, good reader, not with the delightful dampness of your uncut cerial, but with the damp of years— all covered with yellow blotches. Tho ' astonishing transactions' were aa fol lows : — On Twelfth Day, 1772 a certain Mr. Golding, was in the parlor of lier house at Stoekwell, when she heard a noise of broken glass aud china in the kitchen, and her maid, who had been in her service but a few days, came to tell her that the stone plates wore falling from the shelf. Mrs. Golding went out, and immediately noises began to be heard all over the house; a clock fell down and was shattered, a lantern tumbled from the staircase and smashed itself, and an e.n then pan started in pieces, and its contents were scattered about the floor. The noise at tracted several persons to the spot, one of whom a carpenter gave in his opinion that the founda tions were giving way. Mrs. Golding ran into a neighbors l.ouse and fainted. When she came to herself, being still weak and faint, a surgeon was desired to bleed her, which lie did — rather a questionable remedy for weakness — and the blood in a cougealed state, sprang from the basin to the floor, the basin breaking to jiieces. A bottle of rum at the same time made shipwreck of itself. In the meantime the bystanders for fear of the catastrophe foretold by the carpenter, were busily engaged iu removing Mrs. Golding's effects to the house to which she herself had taken refuge. It soon became evident however that somo agent more mysterious and horrible than a yielding foundation) was at work. A pier-glass wrenched itself from the grasp of a mau who carried it, and fell smashing itself. It was pushed under a sideboard, and immediately a scene of destrucsion began above it. Glasses, jars, cups, aud bottles danced over eaeh other, aud into each other, in a furious manner, many of them spring ing to the ground in fragments. Some one being asked to take a glass of wine or spirits, both the indicated bottles flew in pieces before they could be touched. Mrs. Golding's surprised and fear became intolerable. Seeing that wherever she and her maid went, these strange destructive cir cumstances followed them, it could not be ex pected that the neighbors would receive such cer tain loss iuto their houses ; and what was to be come of her ? It is to be remarked that though the servant of tho unhappy lady was the only person who expressed no terror, yet she was con stantly walking about, and could not be persuade! to sit still. Mrs. Golding next took refuge in the house of her niece, a Mrs. Pain, sending her own servant back to see what went on to the house which was not falling. During the absence of the ser ant— Ann Robinson — all was quiet, but soon after her return to her mistress a fresh scene began. First a whole row of pewter plates fell from a shelf to the floor, rolled a little while, then settled, and as soon as they were quiet, turned over. Being replaced, they repeated the performance, after which a second row perpe trated the same feat. An egg, which stood oa one of the shelves, flew off across the kitchen struck a cat on its head, and then broke to pieces A pestle and mortar next jumped from the high -chimney-piece, followed by tho candlesticks, and all the ' brasses ' till nothing remained o.t the shelf. Mrs. Pain and her servant then put the glasses and china on the floor, thinking to savo something : but the spirits laughed at such a precaution, and a tumbler immediately jumped about two feet, and was broken. Another fol lowed the example, then a china bowl, and a tumbler,, with rum aud water in it, jumped about ten feet and was shattered. Next a mustard pot flew out of a closet in pieces, and a simple cup that had been left on the table, jumped up, flew across the kitchen, ringing like a bell, and dashed itself to pieces against the dresser. Then the tablo itself began to dance. It did not use its claws after the fashion of quadrupeds, as some tables do in these days to climb upon sofas, &c.;, — perhaps it had no claws — but it put itself into sundry unnatural positions before it could be induced to lie quiet. A ham then raised itself from its hook aud fell to the ground. Somo time afterwards, another one performed the same feat and a flitch of bacon brought np the rear. Several of Mrs. Pain's family were reduced to such a state of terror, that thoy could not stay in the house, but Mrs. Golding's servant. Ann Robinson, was perfectly composed, and continued walking backwards aud forwards in a ghostly manner, entreating her misnresa, not to be ? alarmed, as these things could not be helped. This curious manner of viewing the matter added to the fact that that whenever Ann Robinson was absent, the manifestations censed, caused her to be looked upon with mingled dread nnd suspicion but since she was never seen near any of the fallen objects, it was evident that if she had any thing to do with the transactions, her power must be supernatural. The noises and destruction, however, con tinued at intervals during the night, till there was not more than a cup and saucer or two remaining to the unfortunate Mrs. Pain. About five o'clock in the morning, Mrs. Golding declared that she could remain iu that house no longer, and went | over, desired her maid to follow, to tho house of a Mr. Fowler. As usual, nothing happened there until the np pearauco of Ann Kobinson, on which, however, me uuacouniauie (iisuirDunses oegan again ; and the maid, going privately to Mr. Fowler, warned him not to let her mistress remain there, as wherever she was, the same things would follow Mr. Fowler, then, fearing greater loss, requested Mrs. Golding to leave his house ; first begging her to consider whether she had not been Jguilty of somo atrocious crime, for which Providence was determined to pursue her on this side the grave. Mrs. Golding replied that her conscience was clear, and she would not stay in his, or any other person's house, any longer, but would go back to her own. Mr. Pain went with her, Ann Robin son, of course, being one of the party. As soon as they arrived, a pail of water began to boil ]iko a pot on the lire ; a box of candles fell down from the shelf, and a table began to move, and fell down. Mr. Pain then sent Ann Robinson for his wife ; during her absence nothing happeticd, and on her return she was immediately discharged. And there ended the disturbances. Some few pertinacious and disagreeable persons, ventured to suggest that Ann Robinson might be able to ex plain tlio affair in a natural manner, but they were hissed down. If she had anything to do with it, then she must have had means at her command ot wnicii ordinary mortals know nothing. It was decided that the animation of inanimate crockery, furniture, itc., could not possialy have been effected by human means. For the satisfaction of such, for instanco, as the narrative probably aud sneeriugly alludes to as being ' so ready to discover natural causes for everything,' it may be added that some years after the astonishing transactions, and when the Stoekwell Ghost had begun to fade and be no more heard of, this same Ann Robinson made a private confession to' a gentleman capable of enjoying a practical joke even when it bordered — as this certainly did — on downright wickedness. She put long horsehairs to some of tho crockery, and wires under others ; on pulling or touching these of course the moveables fell. When she saw the effect of her first feats she was tiinpted to exer cise her dexterity beyond the original purpose for mere amusement. She loosened tho hams and bacon, attaching them by the skin, wliijli soon gave way ; and she threw a chemical powder into the pail of water as he passed, after which it bubbled. She managed to throw down several articles with her h iml.°, and when the victims turned andj saw them broken or in motion, they attributed it to an unseen agency. In short, the only magic was the dexterity of the supposed witch, and (a very large feature in the case) the alarm of the spectators, whose terror at tho time, and their conversations afterwards, magnified many of the circumstances aud invented others, aud who were too full of their of their own dread of supernatural agency to be capable of examin ing anything, or even of a moderate degree of moderation. 