-A SHILLING'S AVORTH OF CHEAP WOODCUTS. The mania for cheap illustrated serials is on thoincronso. Tho number of woodcuts, chiefly of a worthless character, that may bo pro cured weekly for ono shilling, is considerably abovo a hundred on tho average. For that sum eight miscellanies of the London Journal class, "two illustrated newspapers, a comic serial, two serious' publication's, and tho first number of a novel of "powerful and thrilling interest" (Nob. 2 and 3 presented gratis to every purchaser of No. l), rnoy bo obtained. Hero is a quantity at any. rate, but of tho qua lity of the cuts and tho papor on which tlioy are printed much cannot bo said. Exception however, must be mado in favour of tho London ' Journal, which commands tho aid of Mr. John Gilbert as its chief illustrator, and is at once the longest established and best conducted periodical of its kind. For how long a poriod Mr. Gilbert's connection with it has lasted I am unablo precisely to say, but shall bo within the mark in slating fifteen years. He seldom now mnkes liis ap pearance ' in the Illustrated Ferns, and has entirely relinquished working for tho numerous publications of tho Religions Tract Society. To tho London Journal ho still keeps constant, and during tho whole of tho period abovo stated 1ms been throwing off numberlesB "abductions," " Waylaying;-," "unexpected intrusions," "marriages and dentils," under every conceivable variety of circumstance, in illustration of tho wondrous stories from tho fortilo brains of Messrs. Piorco Egnn and J. F. Smith. No matter what tho incident, or MIL 1'VlAV") "UVUIIUl » lUJUl It 'strike of operatives, a review in tlio Champ do Mars or a band of mcdioovnl warriors, tlio interior of a gaming-house, or n labourer's cottage, Mr. Gilbert is equally at homo. Scriptural, historical, Sliaksperian, and domes- tio subjects, havo engaged him each by turns. 1-Ie is ready for anything; ." Seneca cannot be too heavy, nor Plnutus too light." Nothing j that ho docs is actually bad, and this is a great thing to say, considering the multi plicity of tlio productions. Objection may bo taken to numerous qualities in his work, but his ' great picturcsquo fooling, masterly style, and happy pencilling, almost a'one for liis faults. As with Rubens, on whose stylo Mr. Gilbert appcara to havo formed liis own, wo forgive tho eccontiicitics for the sake of the evident genius that guided tlio poncil. Mr. Gilbert lias tho elements of a great artist within lilm — ho possesses tho pictorial faculty in an eminent degree, and lias considerable feeling for beauty ; his senso of humour and character, though less marked, is still evident, and had ho oorreotod his tendencies to conventionality and cultivated his taste by an humble study of unsupnisduiiiu iiuiuru in ins Curlier CiuyB there is littlo doubt that ho might liavo taken liigli rank as a paintor. As it is, Mr. Gilbert will bo rememberod as the most prolifio illus trator of this or any preceding age. Ho is not only a rapid but a vory indust-ious worker. Fubulou3 stories are related of the quickness with which lie makes these London Journal drawings and tho high pricos obtained for them. A collection of all Mr. Gilbert's drawings would fill n room of no inconsiderable dimensions ; and not only did bo at one period find time to contribute his aid to nearly evory illustrated work issued from tho Press, but also to paint ono or two oil pic tures of largo dimensions and sovoral wntor- colour drawings within tlio year. Bitter wero tho tears and loud tho wailings among pub lishers mid proprietors of illustratod works when Mr. Gilbort finally determined to give up a great portion of his wood-drawing. He. hns been tho idol of tho wood-ongrnvers ; tlioy swore, and probably still swoar, by him, as tho man of tho day— tlio king of wood- draftsraon, Every -young aspirant who wisliod to devote himself to illustration was todovoto his days and nights . to the" study of Gilbort, his was tho only style. " You may havo originality of your own, but wo don't' want any evidences of it ; orush it altogether if you can, but at loast -koep- it- in the -background ; bccomo a slavish imitator, trade with another man's means, bo ' successful, and bo happy 1" This was the advice in offect, though not in actual words, tb tlio unfledged wooddrnuglitsinnn. In some oases it lias been followed with not .vory brilliant results, as wo shall presontly sco ; but -lis a general rule mon refused to look through tho . eyos of another, and adopted 'styles of thoir own, looking moro to nature than -nnv man's work; and thus the liiebor olass of . books and periodicals are now illus trated in a manner undroamt of but vory few yenrs ago. Tho gentleman who draws for Reynolds' Miscellany and the London Herald presents a curious and pitiful instance of tho effect of tlio advioo abovo quoted. AYlio lio is I am unablo to say, as, with a modesty that could ecarcely have boon oxpected from so unhlush- i ing on approprintor of other men's ideas, lio never appends liis name to his productions. Liko all copyists, lio has only succeeded in attaining the vices of his maBtor's stylo. In tho massive furniture and accessories, in that method - of pencilling which consists of nume rous whirligig linos— as if Boveral balls of twine lmd been suddenly invested with vitality — the opposition of light to dark, and dark to light, and tho woll-known Gilbortian attitudes, ho ont-Gilberts Gilbert. . Another iimuuur ui mi. \xuueri, nnu, on L11U wuoio, a more successful ono, is that gentleman's own brother. . Tlio illustrations of Mr. F. Gilbert will bo found' in tlioso exciting publications known as tlio Leisure Hour and tho Sunday at Home, and might ofton- pass for tho work of tlio great original.- " Avium tho drama doponds for its effect on : " trcmondous headers," when tlio stimulus of pbssiblo dangor to the life of a fellow-ereaturo gives a keen zost to our. amusements, when our old friend tho ghost'is 'revived so often ip. our H'ghtor literature, nnd when our paintors arc, driven ' to tlioir wits' end to find good " sensation" ' subjects, so that wo may short ly 'expect to boo on tlio Academy 1 wi> '.Is "The Accident in Alio Cloy ton Tunnel," or "Explo sion in a Cial Mine," it is 0'ily natural- to expect that tho cuts in our. cheap periodicals twill bo . as exbitinjj as. tlio tales, of '" thrilling interest" which - thoy adorn, The, art j and it may be added the literature, of thcio penny and halfpenny miscellanies coil only be described in tho language with which tho vendors of pcppennintdrops are accustomed to recommend their wnros on tho frozen Serpentine in tlio skating season. Both drawings and stories aro " hot, strong, nnd curly, only a penny." This week's supply contains somo representations of moving inci dents. In " Reynolds' Aliscellany"- — a pe riodical established apparently for the purposo of holding up to derision tlio vices of tlio aristocracy with a withering and unsparing sarcasm, for tho especial behoof of tho milli ners, maid servants, ami shop-boys who read its pages — wo have tlio comparatively mild incident of " Lord A'emen impeaching his wife's honour." This tho noble lord proceeds to do by drawing his sword, pointing to the laco collar of his lady's dress, anil knocking down a chair. In another wo seo how n ono- eyed mail and a gentleman with riding-whip and knickerbockers aro "attacked by a leopardess ;" a third bIiows a terrific " cscaoo from a madhouse ; a fourth by no less n hand than "Phiz," illustrates an interview between a sontry and a ghost with water on tlio brain. AVhilo others aro dovoted to tho escape from a burning ship, tlio loop from a prccipico by a man who is pursued by an enormous olli, nnd tlio last scene in the history of a condemned criminal, wlicro, with admimblo taste, tho hangman is shown adjusting tho nooso round the neck of the murderer. Of the talcs themselves, it is only necessary to record somo of the titles : " A Rogue's Secret ; or, tho Punishment of Pride." "The Black Band; or tho Mysteries of Midnight." " Mari- tann, tlio Gipsy Girl, or the Poisoners of Madrid," road vory much liko extracts from a playbill of tho Victoria tlicalro. Yotthoro is ono tale in Reynolds' Miscellany which desorves moro than tho simplo recording of its title. It is called tho " Court Page," and is from the pen of " Lady: Clara Cnvcndish," whoso stylo It may bo said, bears remarkable affinity to that of Mr. G. AY. M. Roynolds. In it tlio unfortunate George TV. (Mr. Reynold's stock chnmctor), while Regent, holds mi intorviow with Napoleon at two o'clock in the morning, in a four horso coach drawn up for that pur poso under tho statue of King Ohnrlcs a Chnring-cross, slid gunrded amongst others by Foucbeand Marshal Ney 1 Tho two penny illustrated newspapers are a species of incorporation of the ordinary illus trated papor with tho popular miscellany. Ono of thorn is started by tlio proprietors of tho Illustrated London Fcws, for tlio purpose of ruining its rival. AYitli the reaourcos it hns at its command, in the way of reissuing blocks that have already scon "hot service," it is not improbable that tho l'enny Illustrated Paper mny succeed in its nmiablo object. Both aro muoli given to "sensation" subjects, and tlio gale at Scarborough, tho fall of Biondin from his rope, tho tossing of tlio peoplo at Chalsca by n mad bull, nnd tlio burning of tbo Philndelphian ballet girls, have already engaged tho attention of " our Epecinl artist," whose appotito for horrors is only cxcclled by liis remarkable powers of ubiquity and imagination. Fun, tlio new penny comic serial, is scarcely happy in the selection of its artists; yet, even in the short lime that has elapsed siuco its first appearance, considerable improvement has been manifested in tho drawings. Ono of the best was that which represented Spurgoon lecturing arm in arni with tho gorilla. In it tho likeness to tho eccentric divine was far hotter than in Mr. Leech's " Cure." tliomzh the humour of tho joke fell short.- -Stieclator. Retrieving Character.— Two young girls, in England, on an indictment charging ilicm with purloining books from a shop. They appeared to have been well educated, and to have boon taught the difference) between good and evil ; nnd thoroforo their offenco is socially designated " kloptomania." Thcso young ladies are to bo sent to tho colonies, which tho judge who tried them thought was tho best thing that could bo done to retrieve thoir charaotcr. It ie complimentary to tbo colonieB to suppose that a greater moral influenco can be exorcised liero than in England ; but if those two young ladies should happen to solect Yiotoria as their placo of rcsidoncc, and repeat their offences ngainst tho laws of property, what shall bo dona with them ? If a good education, high social position, and a know ledge of tlio difference between good and avil did not preserve these young ladies from, tho commission of thievish acts, tlio fact suggests tho notion that ordinary thieves, wlioaro desti tute of such advantages,, aro somotimcs as mueli deserving of pity as of punishment. — If. A. Hail, 28th Feb. Special Constables. — The smallnessof the ruguiur jjuiicu lurcu ruuuuro it iiupussiuiu iwr them to protect property outside tho centres of population. In the suburbs and outskirts of the goldfiolds townships, tho constabulary can do nothing moro than search out and apprehend offenders after tlio fact. Many robberies ore consequently x>orpo!rated that might be prevented, if there wore suitable porsons in evory. important locality legally authorised to arrest individuals found under such circumstance as would warrant their capture. To supplement tlio deficiency in tho police, aud increase tho efficiency of tho law, it is suggested that special constables should bo appointed in neighbourhoods ; where their services would bo useful. If this should bo dono, it is boliovod that many of tlio potty larccnicB which givo so much annoyance to. tho suburban inhabitants, would not tnko: placo. Several respectable residents of Campbell's Creek havo expressed their readiness to act, if. ohoson, considering that no other measure will load to tho dotcction and punishment of tlio rogues that are now making havoc among the gardens, fowl-houses, ote. — M. A. Mail, 28th Fob. Can Sludge ee Utilized ?— AYo some time ago statod tliat a use had been fouiid for the refuse of old quartz mills, the railway con tractors purolinsing largo quantities of tho sand for mixing with cement used in tho bridges, otc. Tho coarseness of tho grain, and its free dom from dissoluble matter, were found to render it suporior to every other material that could be proenred. Wo havo lately observed that sludge is coming into favour with our builders, for mixing with lime. The thick fluid which escapes from tho puddling mnchino is principally composed of lino sand and clay, and wlicn thoroughly dried by tlio action of the sun. it assumos a consistency little inforior trj ordinary mortar. AYitli a very littlo trouble, tho sludge, in tho abscnco of moro dosirablo substance, miglit bo converted into large blocks, that could form n very passable substitute for ordinary bricks. In Mexico tlio adobe, or sun- dried homos, aro common, and not only with stand- the action of tlio wcatlior for many years, but when whitewashed cannot easily bo distin- I guished from stone. AVe wero inclined to I believe that somo ingenious individual will yet I hit upon a plan for extensively utilising what has hitherto proved nothing but a sorious nuisanoe. — M. A. Mail, 28tli Feb. Chinese Game. — For tlio last week or two Mr. Kraimor, tho proprietor of tlio Sydenham . Gardens, has boBn continually missing a quan tity of very fine melons from tho plncc. Sus pecting somo neighbouring Chinese of being the thieves, ho detcrminad to watch his pro perty. Tho other night lio nrniod himself waa u wauuu miens on giving mio lnci comer a discharges in full of his unjust demands on liis melon. Aieds. Everything remained quiet until the.' grey dawn of tho morning he ob3orved a Celestial— provided with n largo basket — coming ovor tho fehoo into tho garden. Mr. ICrtr-mer allowed tho Chinaman to fill his basket, with Boma of tho most choico melons in tho garden, wbon just as ho was on tho point of lifting lip tho baskot, lio let fly at a portion of tlio Chinaman's anatomical construction, whioli presented a very fair targot. Flash went tho piece, loud roared the explosion, but louder still roared the unfortuunto Chinaman, as he clapped his hands to whore lio liad evidently received tho bc3t part of an ounco of No. 3 swan shot, and which greatly impeded his retreat ovor tlio fence. Ho managed, liowover, to clear the ground before ho was overtaken by ths uronriolor. imivine liis basket of melons behind hi®.- : ' . . ..-JO —Bendiyo advertiser, 27th I'oh. . , : -trr.j : i-ii- , 