TOWN TALK AND TABLE CHAT. Tbe following arc the meetings in the Insolvent Court for to-morrow :— First meeting— W. L. Jones, of Young Town, Licensed Victualler. Second meet ing and on application for discharge — James Gardiner, of Circular Head, Far- mer. Adjourned on discharge — Daniel Donovan of Westbury. Farmer. An Inquest was held on Monday af ternoon at the ' Prince Albert Inn,' cor ner of Charles aud Elizabeth streets, before William Guim, Esquire, Coroner and the following jury,— Messrs. James Castley (Foreman), J. B. Thompson, Henry Mitchell, Nathaniel Vieknry, W. H. Johnsou, Robert Marlow, and James Parkinson, on view of tUc body of an in fant five mouths old which had been found dead in the bed with its parents, Thomas and Bridget Hroome at 7 o'elook that morning. The father and mother of the child, aud Dr. Graut^ WCTB *e 0Hty witnesses examined. Thoaias Broome deposed tliat he retired to bed at 10 o'clock on Sunday njght, and his wife laid the child beside liira. His wife also went to bed and placed the child on her arm on the outside of the bed. He slept until seven o'clock next morning when his wife called his attention to the cliild. He saw froth about its mouth, and his wife said she thought it was dead. He ran for Dr. Grant, who, when he arrived, said the child must have been dead for hours. Had share of a pot of ale with his wife and a lodger before he went to bed ; had only share of an other pot of ale at dinner time. Had another child four years old ; when it was a month old it was seized with con vulsions. That was iu the day time, aud immediate assistance was procured, and the child recovered ; believed if it had occurred at night the child would have died. Bridget Brooinc's evidence corro borated that of her husband. Dr. Grant deposed as follows : — I was called on this morning about 7 o'clock to Wait the dc w»aefliol«i& Svfeg'dc*5u:v^yY W tfe dandling it about under the impression that it wis'aUve, The child was stiff ; it had been dead for hours, but the body was uot quite cold. I made a post inor tern examination of the body. I found the right side discolored — the cliild had evidently been lyiuK on that side. The limbs only were stiff, the neck was flacid. There was some degree of warmth ivi the body; there was a small quantity of white froth in the mouth ; I then thought from the appoxrauce of the body the child liad been smothered, because iu death from this cause— the blood remains fluid and falls to the lowest parts. My post-mortem examination confirms this opinion, as I find the right side of the heart full of fluid blood, and the left side nearly empty. The luugs also are very much congested, and the wind pipe full of frothy mucous. The stomach was per fectly empty but quite healthy. All the other organs were healthy. From the ap pearance of the pillow, aud the observa tions I made at tlio time I came in, I am of opinion that the child got under the mother's breast and was smothered. The food in the Btomach would bo digested and pass out iu two or throe hours, liiere is nothing the matter with the neck. It is a peculiarity of death by asphyxia that the body stiffens slowly, ihe parents of the deceased child were perfectly sober when I saw them this morning, and both appeared in great dis tress, flie jury returned a verdict in ac cordance with the evidence of Dr. Grant, tlwt the deceased child was accidentally smothered. t TBP$lan?a of tue new Organ in St. JoUn b Church took place on Sunday last wueu crowded congregations filled the uuuoing both morning and evening. The services were snug by a choir of about lorty, comprising some of the best voices in Uuncestou. Wo can scarcely speak to too high terms of the excellence of the Bulging, especially in the ' To Deum' siicl similar pieces which were chanted witu great precision and thrilling effect J.ocriticwemiiiutelythe performance of roese solemn sacred services in the I columns of a newspaper would be im j'°P.er, but even if It formed a portion of « * 1?*?' '»t would consiot in pointing out the excellence of certain portions compared with others, aa the whole or ro?? service was so well rendered, with regard to the Organ but one opinion exists and wo have it upon the laatharity of the most competent judges, ttat for sweetness and yet fulness of [woo, it is unequalled in the Colony. It I'! really a noble instrument and its pow |«ra were most ably displayed by tho Or tewist, Mr, Thomas Sharp. The several Voluntaries played by him in the course Jp the services elicited universal impm F}»non,and more especially the 'Beuc- PJ*JB/' from the 12th Mass, played be K^fwcinoriiiiis sermon and tho grand F*«eluJfti£'«MS«-at tho close of tbe ffromng servieo. Two very excellent ser Pois, aud highly appropriate to the in |«resting occasion were delivered by tho Fouerable Archdeacon Ecibey and tho ijWerond Dr. Browne. As it was iinpos PWe?w any moderate sized Church to |«atam the number who were desirous of. being present on Sunday, we are glad to learn that a special service is to be held iu St. John's Church to commence at seven o'clock to-morrow evening. The llevereud F. W. Quitter is to preach on the occasion. This arrangement lias been made in order that those not pre sent ou Suuday may have an opportunity of hearinsj this beautiful service. Tat; Bi-centenaiy or two hundredth anniversary of St. Bartholomew's Day, when upwards of two thousand non conformist Clergymen -were ejected from the Episcopal Church of Eng land ws celebrated, ad sermons in commemoration of that event were praached on Sunday last in the Congre gational Chapels in St, John's Suuare and Tamar street. Collections were made in the former with the view of paying off the balance of the debt on that blmpeL A tea meeting was held on Monday even ing, when the Keverend W. Ijaw. B. Drake, W. Mathieson, 3. Lindsay, J. Sharpo, ifcc., took part in the proceedings. A social tea-meeting was also held the same evening in the School Room at flie Tamar-street Chapel, when several suitable addresses were delivered. All the congregation and many guests were present, but the tueetiugiii the St. John's Square Chapel prevented so full an at tendance as was expected. A new application of power in river mwigatiou lias been most successfully made by Mr. Ackerman, whose inven tive faculties are always originating something ' now under the sun.' The vessel winch he recently turned bottom upwards and back again at the Cataract, ha9 been converted h'(to a monster river barge aud lighter. Oa Monday she made her first experimental trip iu navigating the Tamar, without the aid of masts, sails, oars, or rudder ! ! ! She left the bar at 1 1 o'clock, was off Pig Island at 3, aud returned to the bar at 7 o'clock. The now invention consists in a pair of wings eighteen teet long attached to the vessel s sides under water and out of sight. They are worked by hinges, on which they rise and fall, and open at pleasure, audcaube disconnected at a minute's notice. The method of using these two powerful wings is by expand ing them at right angles from the ves seFs sides by means of a fall and tackle, when the tide immediately acts on them with such force as to propel the vessel — oven against the wind. As the vessel h;is five keels each 100 feet long, she steers remarkably wclj, and when loaded acquires a much greater momentum of speed. She towed down and brought back a lighter, two punts and a boat, aud on her return trip, fifty tons of water in addition. She carries 2iK) tons. Ou her bow, but projecting under water, she has a ram shod with iron to protect her gates from injury, when coming in contact with anytfiuig iu the river. When used as a barge or lighter she is called the 'uBBRiMAC,'and when used for the re. pair of other vessels she assumes her ori ginal name— 'the Dalliousie Dock,' in which ca]-acity she is now employed with two vessels iu her, undergoing repairs— the 'Lucy' of Hobart Town, wliich was recently aground at Flinder s Island aud the ' Water Witch.' The ' Lucy' we believe is being repaired for Captain Smith, aud the 'Water Witch' is being fitted up aa a yachtforthe Venerable Arch deacon lteibey, for the purpose of visi ting the Islands iu Bass Straits, aud re mote places on the Coast. Wlion ?*';' wj£j^ aHPMurMac will make her s: cond experimental, trip, but without her winjjs. The same power trill, however, be differently applied. The 'Merriiuac' will be an acquisition to the port in more ways tlian owi. By one trip she can lighten tho heaviest laden English vessel sufficiently, to admit of her cross ing the bar. and coming alongside tho Queen's Wharf. The success of the es perunonts with the ' Merrunac' and of docking two vessels in her at one time, lias directly refuted several evil prophecies which was volunteered res pecting her. A motual Mental Improvement Soci ety lias recently been established at Perth, and at its inauguration tbe Rev. A. Stackhouso delivered an opening lec ture iu tho public school-room. A read ing room has also been opened through the exertions of those who organized the Mutual Mental Improvement Society. The Boy. iir. Giles, the Town Missionary is to deliver the second leeture there this e%'oniug — Subject ' Dr. Livingstone's Travels.' On Saturday another Rifle match came off at the butts between the squad which had been successful against four of tee Rifles on Friday, aud two other sijuads of tho Artillery. WINNING SQUAD. MO SCO 250 300 Totals. If : S : ff : ;i & : Cipt. Cowlo ? I I I t i 1 1 i II ii Scrgt. Mtrtinl ? 6664&244 21 is ' Prosier ? t - t f U t I a n Gunner T. D. WebJ 6 £166343 21 16 19 «l 140 Uuuuor price ? *633334-J6H ' Weetman ... 6 I 3 9 « 0 X 1 II a ' Belbjr ? I I I E i I I i !! II ' VTiajMilV ... S 6 t & s 3 » e 21 18 Tl GO 131 Llool. Lolls ? I I ) 1 I 1 1 ] II U Bomtunller Brookj ... ( c 3 3 e S 1 1 16 M ' n«nooii; ? h i i i i i i i- ii Gaonar WallicD ? 9&t; A3223 21I3 t» to Us A return match between the conquering squad and tho same squad of the Launceston Volunteer Rifles is to come off probably ou Friday nest. On Tuesday there will bo an iuterestinj match between Sergeants Martini and Prosser, and the Champion on tho one aide and Captain Cowlo and Lieutenants Co hen and Lette on the other, at the above ranges. Pbize Beef on show at M. Tankard's Bieat Bassaar, Charles-Btroet, worthy of inspection. Theodore Bartley, Esquire, Kerry .Lodge. And the fattest Mambs over seen nt this time of the year, fed by 3\. D. Toosoy, Esq. Epicures bo in tune for-n cut. rAugust 21st— L. Examiner. If we liad seen tho above in a New Zea land journal, where they a*o suppemed to keep cold boiled Missionary on the aide board, we ?should not have felt so much surprised ; but wlien wa fuid,such a »ug geBtivo advortisoment in«A»fll «pnteai porary, we are not only surprised bat horrified. Who is M. Tankard, that he should have the fearful power of exhi biting Theodore Bartlcv, Esquire, of Kerry Lodge at !iis meat Bazaar, amongst prize beef mid the fattest lambs ever seen at this time of the year? But the last liiio^ contains the unkindest cut of all, — ' Epicures be in time for a -;ut.' In time for a cut of prize beef, of Tlieodore B.irtley or one of tho fattest lambs ever seen. What a cold- blooded invitation ! This is carrying epicurean tastes to ra ther a high pitch— A cut of Tlieodore Bartley ! ! ! why if plouro-pncumonia had decimated tbe bovine flocks until the race had become extinct, and flukes and foot-rot had done as much for every breed of sheep, we should think that epicure * would turn their attention to the merits of any description of Kanga roo — from Wallaby to ' Old man/' — nay, tliut they would ovoii jiurchasc ' 'Possum before accenting J£r. Tankard's invitation to bo iu time for a cut of Theodore Bartloy. The day fixed fov tho next Longford llegatta in Wednesday, the 22ud of Oc tober. His Excellency the Governor is Patron, and Messrs. Joseph Archer, W. Dodery and C. Arthur vice Patrons. There are to be six races, and the amounts of the several prizes are to be advertised previous to the Regatta. ' Hamlet ' was repeated with the same caste, on Monday evening, at the Theatre The piece was equally as well placed upon the stage as on tho first occasion, and Sir. Gresley Lukin, as the ' Prince ' ; Miss Kate Warde, as 'Ophelia' ; Mr. J. H. Vmson, as ' Polonius ' ; Mr. Poole, as ' First Grave Digger ' j and Mr. Mauley, as the 'Ghost' and 'Laertes,' agaui distinguished themselves, and received unbounded applause. The abilities of Mr. aud Mrs. Andrews were all but lost to the audience in the disagreeable parts of the ' Kins ' and ' Queen.' Yesterday evening the drama of ' The Will and the Way' was performed for the first time tliis season, for the benefit of Mr. Mauley. In this Mr. Gresley Lukiu took the part of 'Henry Aehtoii/'and Mr. Chennells appeared as ' Colonel Mowbray ' ; Miss Kate Wardc as ' Zara,' The piece was well received, Mr. Yiusoii as honest ' Old Martiu being much applauded. The evening's entertainment concluded with the musical burletta of 'The Waterman,' in which Mr. Mauley, Mr. Andrews, and Miss Kate Warde being the vocalists, were successful in sending the audience home highly delighted. This evening, ' Money, the most pleasing and success ful piece wliicli has yet been produced this season, will be repeated, with the equally successful afterpiece of 'The Waterman.' To-morrow evening the bands of the Volunteer Corps will take their benefit, when the great supernatural drama of 'The Flying Dutehmau,' with splendid scenery, and wonderful stage effects, will be produced. g3f' Slit. James Heniiy, Jun\, has taken very eligible and suitable premi ses in George-street, nearly opposite die Old Post Office, where be purposes re-opening1 his new Ambrotypft Portrait Gallery on Monda}' next His estab lishment will comprise in addition to his studio and Portrait Gallery, a comfort-able reception room and a new glass palleiy built expressly to enable on the features, in all weathers. iSFOur advertising columns announce that Mr. Edwards has become the pro prietor of that old established hotel in Charles and Patterson-streets known as the 'Gold Diggers Return.' Mr. Ed wards intimates that he has rendered the Inn replete with every convenience for country customers, witnesses, juries, -fcc., whose attendance may be required at the several courts, — and the close proximity of the place to the Court House seems to render it extremely suitable for the ac commodation of persons whoss business call them to such places. Mr. Edwards is a native of the Colony, and is spoken of as possessing a very pleasing and affa ble manner in the conduction of Ids busi ness. -§T To tiie Owners of Entire Horses.— The Cornwall Cliroinclc enjoys the LMtoEsr circulation and contains more advertisements than any newspaper in the Colony, and is therefore the best me dium for advertising. Owners of entire horses liberally treated with. 