ORDIK ATI ON AT LYNDHURST. The ordination of the Rev. Norbert Quirk to the order of ptiesthood, took place in the chapel of St. iMary*8 College, Lyndhurst,' at' eight' 6'clbct on Saturday morning. la consequence of the omallhess of the acorn modation iri the chapel no Visitor's were present, with the exception of the 'immediate friends of the candidate for ordination and one or two others;' but as the ordina-ion of a prieat is not of verv frequent occurrence in this colony, it may not be uninteresting to; lay before bur readers a short description of the -ceremony. ' : :- The;ArchbishDp; rcorripanied by his Deacon and sub- Deacon, Father 'John Dwyer ' and the Res Austin Byrne^ and attended by the V«ry Revi S.'Ai Sheehy, V.G.,^ having entered the' church in proces sion with the other cleitjy who were present at the cereinon v, .took tm seat at the Gospel side of the altar, and prepared to celebrate Mass. 'After having been lobed, he; proceeded to the front; of 'chealtaV and commenced Mass, the candidate standing behind him in his alb.' After'the/Bfroif, he seated himself on the Yald stool ; immediately after which, theVen. Archdeacon M'Encrde (wbowas habited in a purple cope, t|ie. other priests weaiins: their full vestments,) tosh! frpnr his place' on the Epistle side of the altar and .laid, in Latin, with a loud toice, ♦' Let him ap pnach who is about to be brdairie'd to the Order of ; Priesthpod.1' r,r The usual comiriinatiori -was -then read by the VicariGenirafy afteV which MWss' was . prpceeiled Vrith as far as' ihe' verse' iirt mediately 'be'-' fore-; the Gospel.- 5Thc Archdeacon then p^ese'tite'd ,the. candid.a'e'; 'to :the- Archbishop; saying :; -c«MosV Rey irend ? Fithey our1 Holy Mbth'ei1 the Ghiirch de8ire8;rthatiyott wo'il'd raise1 this Deacon present tin the, office of the Pritsth6od.'; : The Archi ^bish.opvtben aVked, '' Dost ' thiou-'- kndw that; he is 1 worthy) V' -c TbeArchdeacoh answeVedj' Asmuch as our human weakness' allows' to be known, and that I know iiiyself, I bear witness that he is worthy of the burden' of' this office:' -The. Archbishop replied, ; ?' Thank-i be ) toi ' Gml,' arid aft'enX-ard^ announced: the fact to' the- clergy and people 1 for their approval, beseechin'g: them; if th'ey knew any im pediment1, to 'hi-, ordination, that they 'would' make it known: to the. Archbishop. Theni turning |d the candi'late,.he adnioriished him as to ihe nature of the office he was about to undertake, and besought him to lead a life worthy of it, and td show a good example to the people; : THe candidate' then pros; trated in front of the altar during the time the Litanies of the Saints were chanted ; after' which he arose and knelt at the feet of the 'Archbishop, who placed his hands upon his head witliout saying .anything;- and: each! priest 'at! the' altar Afterwards perfcr ned thesame ceremony ; then the Archbishop and priests held their hands extended over' him while the Archbishop, wearing his% mitre repeated a prayer. The Archbishop then took off his mitre and, turning towards the altar he said;'' Let us pray,' the Driest replied,: ' Let us ! bend bur knees,' t .e Archhishopj 'risea^ain,' arid then turn ing to thec. ndidatt he 'prayed that God would send down; upon him the benedieiion of the Holy Spirit, and. infuse into him the strength of 'sacerdotal grace, and with his arm's extended before his. breast he said, ' Per otmiia secula seculorum' &c;, as'at the preface, and to which a prayer succeeded, com menciug in the same manner and' formed upon the same modi as that part of the Mass beseeching Almighty God that he would grant the candidate the, dignity of the priesthood, and renew in his bowels the spirit, of holin*B9. At the conclusion of this preface the Archbishop : seated himself as before, with the candidate kneeling at his feet, and taking the stole ofi'ih s left shoulder he placed that part which hangs at toe back on the right should r, and t\ n^ it .before his breast in the foiin of a cross, he said: '? Receive th^-oke of the Lord ; lor the yoke is sweet indetd and his burden light.' He then invested him with the chasuble, but' with the lower pait fastened up to the shoulders, saying : ' Receive the saceidotal vestment by which charity is understood ; for God is all powerful, and may he lincrease charity into thee, and a perfect work.' Thepiitsts answered ' Amen.' The Archbi.-hop afterwards, wiihout his mitre.all ki.eelingat the same time hut himself, prayed that Gud would infuse the gift of his blessir.|r into him who was then dedicated to *he priesthood. Then turning round to the altar and kneeling down he commenced the hymn 11 Vein Creator.' After the fir.st verse he arose, ami silting on the faldstool he annotated both hands of the candidate who knelt at his feet, saying at the same time: ' Vouchsafe O Lord to consecrate and. sanctify these h«mls-by this unction1 aiid oiif1 bles sing.' The Aichbisnop now made the sign of the cross over the candidate and proceeded: ''That he who has been blessed shall be blessed, and that he who has been consecrated and sanctified in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.' The candidates re. plied 'Amen.' His hands were then tied with- a white linen cloth, afier which the Archbishop gave him the chalice with wine and waier successively, the paten placed over the too of it with the Host. which he held between the first and middle, fingers, the Archbishop saying : ?? Receive the power to offer up sacrifice to God, and to celebrate Masses as well for the living as for the dead in the name of the Lord,' ' Amen.' The Archbishop haying washed his hands, proceeded to; his 'former sea'tat the side of the altar, where he read the 'Munda Cor meum' and the Gospel. At the o^rlory the Archbishop, -seated oh His faldstool, received the, homage of the n*wly..ordained, who offered him a lighted candle and kissed his hand. At the conclu sion of this ceremony, the Archbishop rose and1 proceeded with the Mass. The newly- ordained, kixjeling down in front of the altar.'with the Missal before him, and attended by the ReVV 'JL :H;' A. Cur.ijj read. the, ^whohp of the reinainra^' 'pari of the . . Mfts ? with jthe Archbiihop'. iri!l M 'loud voiie, ?ven «t the cQMeoratiga- ibd !otW*!''d»t;if ? i I ' .'. ''?. y-:r ..:...'..-!. -?T .'.---?!.=» 0!-:Uv5 -.:.' 1 which are commonly.said by the psiest in secret.. After- the Communion1 of the Archbishop, tM[ i newly-ordained received the Holy Communion^M' I Host having been specially' consecrated for1 that? purpose, and then took the ablution in the: usual';' manner, bufhot from the chalice used by the cele !brant. A tract was then said ; and the Archbishop; ? with his mitre on his head, turning towards th»'^ newly-ordained- priest, who made a profession of ': iFaith by repeating the ' Apostle's Creed ;' aftfei'; which the Archbishop, seated in front of the 'altaii'' imposed his hands upon the head1 of the new priea^ .'; who knelt before him, saying : ' Receive the': Hoijt ' Ghost: ' whose sins- you shall forgive; they are for'-,' given; and whose sins 'you shall retain, they ^ra.','; retained.' Then, unfastening the chasuble, hai1; said : ' May the Lord clothe thee with the robe or !^ innocence.' The Archbishop now took both m,; ! hands in his own and said : ' Dost thoii prorniso' : me and rny successors reverence and obedience t'*', and be answered, ' I do promise/' The *Archi^ bishop, after a 'short admonition,1 gave1' /fcW'/J blessinz to the newly- ordained, and then proceeded' with the Mass. After the ' Ita^ M-issa ,estf'f thV;^ Archbishop again seated himself,' and addressed^hi^' new ptiest on th'e heavy resp'onsibilities he 'H'ad'Uri','; dertaken, and- desired him; after having said his first' '' Mass, that he should say three others successively1 vf. — one of the iHoly Ghost, the second- of 'the'Vl Blessed Virginp and the' third1 for the. faitfifui'r departed, and al*o to pray: fof him (th* i' iAirchi| v'' bishop.) ? Thes last'lGdspel was read, the ' rie-rl'y^('^ ordained leptatihgiit vith the Archbishop irtthfj^ name manner as the other pait of tBe Mass, WllicK'' r concluded 'he solemn and imposing cerembny,'and !. [ , the; 'Archbishop, acco^ipariied-b^ the priests and. alt''.' who; wtre1 p'fereb't at the sanctuary,. left the altar' in . ,' '; . the usual--mannei1.'-- ? '?' ! ; - - ! ' : ' ' ? ' ; ' . : [' ,,''.,.'-,/',' ^V '' Fathers 'She'ridan; Keny on, anrl Powell We^e atg»'' present in 'addition to the priests we havealreidjr' , ' uierltioned. ????'? ' .???' ? :- : '-: '[ '? l' '';; 'a!|1',' '''_ The Rev. N.Oiiirk will celebrate his first Maii;',1. on to. morrow (TiiursSay), the Feast of the Hoif'.v; T^ame of' Mary; in St. Mary's. Cath^edtai; !»tT'', ' o'clock. The Church grant* an indulgence to, aljE,;) ; those'who assistat the first; MaW celebrated % anjf *??' priest ; feo that it' ia Hoped' that all^ho can Vlll W\\\ present on this occasion. : ' ' ' u ' ' M* '' s:i ? ' ' -^ 1 .! -,- -. i 1 i .. ??-, ' ? ? .' : . ??? ?? .?'?.??'?' V'l'lJ 1 ?'? ? ? ' ' ? ' . r 