THE MAH. STEAHSH.-At eight o'olooit l«Bt night, the m-ail steamer M idra-j had not arrived ot Melbourne, nor liar] she been nighted from O.ipe Ot n ay, but us tba night nos reported mimy, end btzv. it is possible she might bava passel without hiring boan noised. . MEETING T PARLIAMENT.-It bnn now. bern finally drteiminctl hy thu Kxeoutiva, that Parliament shill bo summoned for deapatoh of business on Tuesday, the S7tb May, es we hod previously announced. . WE TERN PAIIIWAY.-WO understand it is the taten lion of the Wo ki Department immediately to throw open for trafHo that portion of the Waitera Hail ney, be. tween Blacktown ond South Creek. \ This extension will oarry railway oommnnicition within threo or (our miles of Penrith and the Nepem Bivtr. THE PosT-rrrJOE INQUIIIY.-Th-s Bóaid apnrintoj to inquire into the etilo of the Post.tifflaeo ntlnue to pursue thoir invcB ijintinns, which ere, we unt erstand, not likely to terminate for some time. It is desirable both on pub'iogrounds and ii justine to tbs otHaers of the de* partaient, that the inquiry sbculd be ns fall and unre- stricted as possible, and wo believe it is the determina- tion of thé Board that it shall be no. We moy remind oountry Postmasters and residents in the interior, who w's1! to make statement tin furtherance of the subjeota of this inquiry, that tho Bjard are willing and anxious to receive communication^--cither orally or ia writing, tending to throw light on the prosont, system, or sug- gesting improvements or molifbttionj for. the future guidonoe of the Post-office depirtment. * ' ' ' THE CONDEMNED CMMINALS.-There are now under sentenoe ofdeatb at Bathurst and Goulburn, nb less than seven prisoners for murder, and one for attempted murder, vi«., at Bathurst.- PjMey, for the murder of Benyon; and Harry, a blackfellow, also for murder. The case cf FranoiB Elliott, eentenoed to death, for the murder oi George Bill, at Sander, near Voil Bourke has not yet come before the Executive. At Goulburn, there" »re Alli-rton, for tho Wakool morder; Skene, Lawler, and Watson, for murder at the Billybong ; and a man known by the name of Smith, but whose real name is B->id to be Began, foran attempt at mordor, of a very desperate nature, at Barrangoug. Great influence has been brought to bear in favour of Pt isley, and nu« mercas petitions heve been sent into (he Executive from parties never before known to interest themselves in mat'ors of this nature, bot wo believe ??wholly without iff o', ns the Government have deolded that bis is not a caso calling for tho exorolee . nf meroy, and they bave determined not to intorposo in bis babalf ; his exeoutlon will, therefore, toke plano otan early,date. Tbe black- fellow Harry is also K-ft for, execution. Of tho men at Goulburn, it has bena determined that Alli r'.on, Skene, and Smith, s'inll Buff>r death. Liwler and Watson, how- ever, wi'l reoolve a mitigation of sentence. The exact timo for .the exeoution of tho above prisoners, we havo been usable to learn, hat it is understood that tho ex enti ijnor wi'.l visit Bathurst before proceeding to Goul- burn. It ls many yearn sinoo co many prrnonB hare bren nader eentanae of death in thia colony nt ona time ;' and it is to be boped that the decision arrived at by tbe Kxeonlive, to oarry out tho sontrnco of tho l t w to tho last extremity, will bavo the rfieot of deterring como of the misguided men who aro at present committing robber ties and outrage in tho Wrstorn and Southern tílstricta, from a further ounrse of orime. THE SYDNEY CIUIMON.-The grant of tho land'nov alaimed by the city, und mode by Governor Macquarie- as nelly common, ia receiving the attention of tho Govern- ment. There is uo doubt ns to thu iasuo uf tho (¡rant of lOOOooreH, oms to the di finition of (ho limits. Although oarafil search has boen rando in tho old reotrlH, wa belleva thal no rovocatinn of 1 li a grant has been found, nnd ns therefore thu orginnl grant renini ii in force, »li» Giveuimcnt oro, wô nro inlorm -d, na killing to divert the land from the purpose.! for which Governor Mncquarid tietiignod it. Wo aro informed tbat tba Government r.ro prepared lo i.ivo np this voluab'o estate to the city, bit iii not disposed to pladg'j itself'to any con pinsalion for tho publij bulldinr(S ereoted on a pirt of lh) land, or for iht? portionn of it whiah li av o born dis- posed of by sile. The Government olT.-ri suggestions fur tho disposion of tho land for purposes of publio exercise and reoreetlon, »nob as oricki-t ground,1 and a shooting gt o md. Other portion* may probably bo prc - fitably sold, for the benefit of the etty. If tho oommou, however, is to be vested in tho Corporation, its ultimate uses will bo dcturroimü by tho Oily Oouucll. WYNYARD-' QUAM.-It ought to bo metter of rejoicing to the citlzoDH generolly, and the residents in .Wynyard square'in particular, that tbe Oorporation autbprities h «ve at length oimmenced the long-deferred embellish, ment of thin square. If carried out according to tho plans wo have seen, it will ba ? great ornament to tho oily. Tbo enclosure is to consist of a sabstaniirl stono dwarf wall. Tho iron rails on tho wall nro highly orna- mental, bitting chastely-designed arrow-shaped, hoads; We are glad to any,that thoy tra ti t.o manufactured in Ibo oolony. Thero aro to bo three handsoinu apnolous gutes, Hupported by nrohitooturolly-Houlptlired pillara. It is proposed tbot shrubneties of indigenous shrubs nnd tree», similar to those which havo . bron so euooosBfully planted in Hyde Purk, shall be planlod «nd tbegtound turfed, with (travel wallis. It will be a moat appro prieto sito for the ëreotlén. of ornamental fsuhtatas, and even for etatuoa ana monuments; nnd we doubt not that tho wealthy residents in tho square would liberally sub torlbe to snob woike. The stuno work has boen already contracted for, and tenders bavo been iari:ud for thu iron work. ', : ' SALB or G vEnNMEtti LANDS 'DY, AUCXI >NI-Ocr, daily oonteiBpor^ry stated in a leading ortlolo youturdny, that "ibo system of selling oountry land »t auction his boen finally abandoned ID this.oolony." Wo nitloa the mis stiitetnont for the purpose of contradicting lt.' Those who know anything of tho ne*' Lind Siles Act, know that ample provision la made in it for sales by auction, and io faut, largo quantities of land ara at present sdvar. Used for publio said, hot only in the Government Pcttttte, bat jn the daily papers. Thero hoe, in fact, beeu no ooasoiiop, much less ebindonment of the auction system. Tho mlsri'pronentatlon, however, is in Iteoping with everything tbe IlimUl hag sajd on the land question. Visu < r W*n IN,B AUB rwi,-Tber», are tbrea'shlni 0r war «ow in Port Jackson, vie., III'H l'alwna, thé Miranda and tho Fnwa. lt.la repoitfrt (tint' tlúi visit of tba two lotter lo Sydney;* it connected with tue holding of » c-urt mnrlinl on an olloer. ; Wi), give (MB, however msri'ly aa o tnoionr, without ia «ny, way vonobine fnî thc t utti of the statement. " . 8 ot CITY Turo VEUENT v-Many importan' improvamerta hsvo lately brou efJWed io the atreets of the oily nani cularly in tho roidwoy of Elizihetb-itri et, between Kitiß.stroot and Huntor.stroor. Thora ia muoli yet to ba done on tho footways,-; which ore. in ul m nm a dannoron» it ito. Tho dilapidated oonditiuii or rainy proj.oHDff and unsightly verandahs, which breathe a dim misty whisper of nVooyod legal «ooorám i-niion, »i 1 delay nor. feet and cffeotaol paving. Th» M nor has oleo effooted o great improvement, by the removal of the dsngerona sad aoute angle at the corner of El zr ctb.strott and Lltorpool-atreet, noir Lyciib'-lerrace. Instead of heirn, tho ngly oortiar, tho soene of *o many necidentB it was it now presents a fine, safe, nm! praeeful sweep'of road'' wbiob lends conveoieutly oo lo the excellent Sooth Hoad' Koad. Miiny.vjlu.ibla improvement* have olso «ten rando in Hie streets oonnroiing Wiliam-a.'reut with the t Ssuth Hoad Hoad, which ern vwy omvenient lo Ii.» crowded populu i'm of the looaliiy. PnEFBYTEHIAN CntmOB, lUtMV.N.-Ansi7EIt'AJtY TEA. MBETINQ -Oil Tuoiday ovni in- Imt, thu anniversary of ' tho Pio»by terian Church, Haluiiiti, under tho psB-oial charge of tho Rev, T. Gordon, waa oalebrotott by a tea mealing.- Tho church was well filial on tho occasion a largs number of vicers from Svdni.y bein« present .Ilia deoorations of fresh Rr on foliage nod riohly colonred flowers, ilio preparation* for tho sooial repast ond tua wnoto;management of ibo meeting, were moat ogrennblo, and refloeteu orodit on the tasín ond zoal of Mr. Kowan Ronald and the lodios who unit d in tho work. After ten, the meeting HUB nddrer.s. d by N. T> Stenhouse, E.q, chairman, who, nfior some imprest e r,?marlts on thu bencfi's resulting from tko fondly as«o ciution of thone who united in tho «orsbip of God, and on tho solemn rv fixations awakened by tho ratura of oDDivurnnrie», Onntjratu'ated the panter of the congreira tioo on th? pleasing review tbpy hud thoo to take rf the past career of tho rinso in wüiah they warn comliooJi Th.) Rev. T. Gordon then arldn-B!» d the meeting. Ho rej ifoed 'o seo ibo conniste nt uni u ul ' ho reii¿iou8 cit-, aitnit with trite t.col»l enj- yroent. Ho thanked l.is reverend brethren who hid como from Sytín y to ' address lh.im. Mr. Gord.-,n then refenod to . tiio prao'iaal ui.isn of Piosr.yteriino, fittmhed lo different Heo'ionH of Um Presbytérien Cbaio'i, whioh wai extra pliflod in that congregation. Thura nivar appeared tn l-o even the "ghost" of adiff r<inio hetueen thuin. Ho then (java an novount of the finan- cial struggles of the conj-re^otion, (rom whisk it nppoeied j that Ihn nrigiuol con of ibo churo i was ÜU00, of wliljh i only £103 rojinimd to ba fjuid off. Mr, Hunt ¡lad ! gnrirr'uu-ly given .£102, tho sum duo to hi n at tho last j anniversary, for th« prio.t of th« land on whioh tho . church was bnip, and interest. Tho Indies, nlpp, hy a bi z mr, bod realised A'205 in nid of tho ohnrob. Thus the original debt had been reduced lo thu. sum of Xl00, and an expenxo incurred in repairing the rav.iges made by the while un', nDd taking OIIVCIUJI means to atop that peat, bad been met. They had abundant nason for gra- . titude to tho Giver af oil good for ibo prosperity vouchsafed to them.. Tho Kev. J. ti. M'Skimming mid he had much plennma in being presont tho founb time at their anniversary. Hu congratulated them on their proaporiiy, and earnestly rocommondod them to IOBB no limo in. clearing off the . remaining £100 of debt. Tnu Rev. R. Boag followed. Afier congratulating Mr Gordon and his congregation on 'he hormony that aub. Histed among thom and the prosperity in whioh they n-joloed, ezpn asod bis bops that a general union amoeg. the Presbyterians migbt'bs. Foon accomplished. At tba same linio ht thought the Presbiteriana bad been some, what' urJf irly dealt with by those who reproached them |j with their divisions, In ibo dark, all colours were ] olik»; it . waa li¿ht which made dttferenoe visible.. \- Varieties of opinion were not thoreforo t . be regarded as. unmixed ovil. And while tho Presbyteries in this colony differed is to seme mattera of discipline, they wore oil rjgreed in ddatrine-having ona faith, ono hope,, ono baptism, one God. one Father of all. The Atv. A. Thomson addressed the meeting at soma length, ohitfly on tho suhjaot of Obristein utity, illuvtroliog his remarks by 'soma appropriate unecdotus. Tho Kev. Slr, Ksrr aioVe on the saljsot of Satibath-sobools, on whioh' bo made some vury praotioal remarks. K. Huot^B«q.,; spoke on the duly cf parents towards their ob)ldren, and rolerred to the Royal family as an example of the ' good effdot of tho inatruotions asi example of pious parents. Between tlie speeobe« a number of . anttema weio viry beautifully bung hy tho choir; and aller thanhs to the speakers, tba. ohoir, tho ladies,*; and the ohairmin, the meeting «SB oonoluded, by tinging the t oco o^y, soon after tea' o'clock. . ; MnNicmi, - It io understood that 'negotiations are pohdiog between tho munioipsl nuthoriHis and the G-jvornmcnt, respeotlng tho site of a new Central Police OtBoeand a Town Hall. .Thesit« proposed in, that oa wbloh tho present polioe offloa ttands. We understand' that the proposal hsB thc warm support of the Honorable Colonial Secretary, and the Honorable Seoretiry for Lauds. Tho arrangement propoaed is, wo believe, as I ; followa:-The existent buildings on the site, whioh have J J for years been in the most ruinous «nd dilapidated condi- tion, and whioh aro of a very stragg lng and incommodions nature, will bo pullod down, and o convenient and sol), stantial police-court ond t ffloes oreoted. Thia will leare plentiful apoco for a town hall, suitable to the waals of the city. It ÍB supposed that the estimated valae of tba site in Briilge-strcot, offered by tho ' Govi rnment fora town ball (£35,000), would snfflco for the ereollon of both buildings, and the only diffluulty ia whether tba Government will feel juatlUed in permitting Iba sale of tho land. It appears a most excellent arrangement, as a. more central and judiolonB citua'i jn cooli not be fnand in the oily. Tho InoOnvintenoes arising from the irre-, gular attendanoe ol msgietraton would bn »bated by tue proximity of tho town hall to the polioe-011106; and tho various mattera of munioipal government would bo assisted by the arrangement. . CAPTAIN CIIAOB;VT^-Tba .¡Veto Zealanâtr Rays It i» with feelings ol heartfelt roprot we have lo n oord tho pnrüoulara of o mmt'nppaliiog' misfottano whioli boa overtaken this good ond noblo-minded mon. Tho detalla hovo boon kindly supr-lied-" Whilatout on a nhoolioj exouralon, in Lincolnthlrr, with o largo psriy of frienas and relations, his brother-ic-law, Captain Teonant, R.N, who was next him, stoopo i whilst Craoroft flrod nt n biro; tho first hhbt miislrg, ho wos in tho »ct of discharging ¡.j, bis second barrel, wbon nt tint instant poor Tennant re- started up, received tho oontents in bia head, end i f .j mediately tell dead. It will tims ba ovidant to jo-.i frc ra ¿ the manner in whioh it occurred, that Captain Ctocrott cannot rerroioh himself with oby oare o unta?. TM* der treble nooidrnt has thrown tho whole family ioto tho diopost tflliuion." The greatest simputay la entertaiuod for Captain Craorolt end his widoaotl ai-iter, Hrs. Tennant." And bet o, in Auckland, whwa Onpiain Cracroft was so univeranlly esiecmed, that sym- pathy will bo widely reciprocated. Oiptain Ornatoft, kirri, self, under tiBto January SOtb, writes too friend Itt Auck land thu* :-" My deer -, Tho inter.se «niel tinder whioh I um labourlng. ond tho profound ifil dion i-ito wbtoh our family is plunged by tho untimoly death or my brothor.in.lnw, Captain Tennnnt, mu« pl«nd niy txeuw for willing very briefly by ti ll mo!'.- I feel still stunned ond stuplftail by tho heavy blow that for soino wHa pur? posa tho Almighty hos been pleasod to inflict uponime> und although oil my friends try to «on«18.1"«.""".*.' ossaianoo that not a shadow of biomo attaches to mo, i ? oinnot reeover from its e(Toots. Wo aro. in «on«eî«EN,J^ ' going to trya ohnngo or sbono, and on Mondayn«xt, I so 971b, wo atari foe 1,'sboa from Southampton, and siiaw. probably, go on tb Gibraltar;; and make o tour oiapat»» os I hove obtained threo months leave of objonoa. 