THE WEEK'S NEWS. _ His IfccELLEKcr the Govenrge.—The late indisposition of Sir Dominic Daly Jias rendered a postponement of bis visit to the -South- j Eastern District necessary- It is heped, however, that His Excellency will be able to avail himself j of the next trip of the Ant for that object. j Flinders Election.—The arrival of the Imbra, • from Port Lincoln, confirms tbe intelligence of the 1 return of Messrs. Lindsay and Watts as the-reprc- ] scntatires of the District of Flinders in the House : of Assembly. A correspondent, writing open the subject under date of December II, says:—"The election for the District of Flinders has just ter- > ruinated in the return of Messrs. Lindsay and j Watts; but it is affirmed that a petition will be j presented, on behalf of Mr. A. J. Hurray, either ' against the return of Mr. Lindsay, on aecount of , bribery and corruption practised by his agate s at ; Port Lincoln, or to set aside the election on ac- ] count of iuformality in the whole proceedings of j the Returning Officer" The following are ilie particulars of the voting:— Watts. Lindsay. Murray. Port Lincoln ... ... 31 27 IS Mount Remarkable ... I 1 0 32 28 19 Informal votes— Mount Remarkable ... 27 21 2 Port Augusta 3 — 4 The cause of informality at Mount Remarkable was the crossing out of Mr. Haigh's name. At Port Augusta the voting-papers had nit been initialled by the Returning Officer. The English Xews Telegrams.—Mr. Flood, for the Argus, was first with the English news telegrams last week; Messrs. Gordon & Goteh'e message was the second. The English Mail.—'We understand that 3!r. W. C. Cox, the Governineut Printer, is to proceed to Rang George's Sound with the next branch steamer as mail agent. Emancipated Slaves eor the Colonies.— Our telegram from Sydney contains the extra ordinary statement that "the Governor has re ceived a letter from London, offering to supply the •colony with emancipated slaves for cotton growing." Real Property Office.—We understand that Mr. Sanderson, of the Lauds Titles Office, will be promoted to the pest vacated by Mr. Ward, wiio, as oar readers arc aware, lias joined the Real Property Office in Sydney. House's Funeral.—It will he observed by our Melbourne telegram that Burke's funeral has been fixed for the 22nd January. Howrrr's Parti-.—Some of the members of Mr. Ilowiit's party arrived at Mr. Stuekc-y's, ne Adelaide, on Saturday af'ernoon, bringing 22 horses, together with the saddles and other equip ments. Most of iheui returned on Mom's;.* to the Sheaoak Log, where the camels had been left, and from which place they have proceeded on their journey to Wilson's Station on the River Wimmera, Victoria, where they will remain for the present. Sale of liowiTr's Horses and Eolithest.-'. —Messrs. Dean & Laughton sold the horses and equipments, belonging to llowitt's party, at the Sturt Yards," Grenfcil-street, on Wednesday, De cember 17. There was a large attendance, and the bidding, though not very high, was pretty brisk. Burke's horse Farmer fetched 2210, and was bought by Mr. A. I>. Murray, M.P.; Wills":; horse was sold for £10, and llowitt's horse went for -■£215s. The other horses realized from £0 to £18 5:;., averaging about, ten guineas. The saddles, packsaddlcs, and other articles sold very well. Shipments of Wheat .«nr, Fi.orn to England.. —We have been favoured by Messrs. Tfev.mr.n and Son with the following account-sales, re ceived by the last mail, of a shipment of wheat j and flour to London, y>er Louisa, which sailed from ] Port Adelaide March 11. The particular5, with the subjoined memoranda, will be read with interest by those who may have made similar shipments, •or who contemplate doing so:— Account sales, 25S hags Wheat. 258 bags whost=122s' qrs., of 493 lbs., at CDs £3(57 17 6 258 empty bags at ohl. ... t! 19 9 Freight, :« par bills of lading. 30 tons, atoi's., ami 5per cent. 78 13 0 Insurance cn £358, at 4; guineas u::d skimp ... 17 11 1 Fire do., £357, two months ... 0 7 3 Duty, at Is. per qr., entry, and stamps S 0 9 ■ Dodt charges £817s. 9d., me tering 19s. Id 9 17 1 Interest on draft £31213s. 7d., from loth July to 11th Octo ber, 85 days, at 5 per cent.... 4 2 5 Brokerage £36/ 17s. tid., at 21 percent. ~ -9 3 11 Commission £37117s. 3d. ... 972 3Jei proceeds £237 9 4 Memo.—Average return net, including hags, on quantity shipped, viz., 1,000 bushels—Is. 8.1, per bushel. Oast on hoard in Adelaide, including shipping charges and hags, 5s. I'd. nearly. Account sales, 50 bags Flour. 24 bags flour=I7;". sacks, at 44s. pe: sack £38 1 0 26 do. do.-iSr^do-.atlOs.do. 37 18 2 Part average on 26 bags, re covered from underwriters... 3 10 11 19 2 Freight, as per bills of lading, a tons, alias, and 5 per cent. 1116 3 Insurance on £75, at 4 j guineas and stamp 3 14 9 Fire do. 011 £75, two months... 0 17 Duty, lid. per cwt., entry, and stamps 2 18 Dock charges 1 11 1 Brokerage on £75 ISs. 2d. at 21 per cent 1 1*3 0 Commission on £79 10s. Id.... 1 19 9 23 6 1 Net proceeds £5d 4 f. Memo.—44s. per English snek=£15 17s. Id. per Adelaide ton; 40s. do. do.=£1-1 lis. Sil. do. do. Average return net, All -Is. !»d. per Adelaide ton. Cost ou hoard in Adelaide, including shipping ] charges, £12 2s. (id. per ton. The Wool Sales.—1The following is ah extract from a letter received by a shecpfariucr in Ade laide, which lias been placed at our disposal "The speculation noticed in our last report has been carried ou to some extent at 2d. and 2'd. on the July and August sides for wools bought at the lime, and Id. to Id. advauce ou greasy Ade laide, and on some greasy New Zealand and Port Phillip as much as 1M. per lb.; but we do not ' know of a single person connected with the wool j trade having bought a bale at tbese rates. The : entire quantity so bought is remaining in our warehouses, and it still remains to be seen whether j 1,He speculation turns out well. We have no doubt j that our next forthcoming sales, fixed for lire 13th ' November, will rule on an average 1J higher than the last, although as yet the dearth of cotton docs not appear to have increased the demand for woollen goods. Should the American i civil war continue it must have a favourable j influence on woollen goods eventually; and ! although we have no great opinion that the speculation at the advanced rates will pay, we look forward to your next shipments meeting with a much better result tlian the last year or two. Many cf our Yorkrhire dealers have availed them- : Selves of the speculation to sell considerable j parcels, having obtained better prices than they could realize in the Yorkshire markets—thus j proving, ns noticed in our last circular, that the speculation is decidedly in advance of any marked increase in the consumption/' Hams for Vktokfa.—The Balclutha has taken a lot of very fine young ranis for Mr. Clark, of Victoria. They were selected from the flocks of Mr. C. B. Fisher. The North.—A gentleman, writing from the neighbourhood of the Great Northern Mines on December 7, says:—"We have had a few showers *if lain the iast few days, lwt not sailicient to do any amount of good." Mosquito Plains.—A correspondent, writing011 December 7 from Mosquito Plains, says:—"The atmosphere for the last few days has been most oppressive, but particularly yesterday, the wind being from the northward. Haymaking is al over, and our haystacks look like the big slfin Ijcviatlian. Our wool-drays have started loaded i for Guiehen Bay. To-ilay (Sunday) I am glad to say we were somewhat relieved by a refreshing ■breeze from the south-west." Generous Employers.—A coiTespondent sends Us the following extract frcrn the Tana of October 21" The firm of Messrs. David and John Laccy, ' 'if Walsden, cotton manufacturers, have had their works closed eight weeks, yet during that time iliey have paid all their workpeople, numbering nearly HID, three days' wages per week, and it is fcaid they intend to continue to do so until the rimes improve, without requiring one penny to be refunded \- Caledonian Society.—A meeting of gentlemen interested in the formdion of a Caledonian Society in Adelaide was advertised to he held at Aldridge's &t; half-past 7 o'clock on Tuesday evening. Only seven persons attended, and, after waiting scvera hours without obtaining a larger muster, it was decided Pi adopt the rules drafted by the Sub-Com mitt.e and print oii' a number of copies to be cir culated, with lists for the names of intending members, throughout the coiouy. The meeting then closed. CitioKEr Match.—A match.between the East Torrens and Eastern Suburban Cricket Glubs was played at Kent Town 011 Saturday afternoon. The Uast Torrens team first went to the v.ickets ami scored 34 runs. The Eastern Suburban eleven ssadeiiS in the first innings: and the East Torrcus in their second 111. Six of the Eastern Suburbr.11 wickets afterwards fell for (j s runs, and as it was then too dark to finish the match it had to lis de cided, according to agreement, by the fir t innings. Messrs. HMdrech at!J ltchnan officiated as um pires, and the game passed ol!' most pleasantly. The fielding was very good an l the hatting gene rally of a first-class nature. Mauritius >. r..vs.—V>re have bean favoured by a merchant 111 Adelaide with the following items of Mauritius inU'Uigeme, gleaned from a lelter dated November 0, and brought by the ship M'> press. There svere no vessels loading for Adelaide when the Express left, and none ware likely id do j eo, there being no orders from Port Adelaide, j Kvchru: re 0:1 Adelaide S per cant., with a. proba- ' biiiry of going to I) per cent. Freight was it} Jos. j to £i per ton, and very scarce at th.at rate. The HUantity of sugars'iiuped to Adelaide was3 815,10.1 . lbs., .against 4,517,333 lbs. same period las; yea;-, .. -feeing, a Jargedevrru-c. ; The Prisoner under Sentence op &e;&th.;— The follovvingis a copy of the memorial .which the prisoner Mals-chi Martii i addressed to the-Governor and the Executive Council "To His Excellency Sir Domiriie-JJaly, SjnUrht, C.B., Captain-General, lid G«vernor-iu-Gbicf of the Province of South Australia, and "To tlie Honourable the Executive CouuoUfor tliis Province. "The petition of the undersigned, a prisoner in ■Her Majesty's Gaol for the said -Province, under sentence of death, " Humbly sl:ov.«th— That at the last Criminal Sitting of the Supreme Court J was tried with Sir. Wiisen nud found guilty of the murder of Jane Macmeaiuien, and Vvillia'ni W-Iscn was convicted of being ail accessory after tbc fact. " That the Crown Solicitor, the Attorney Genera!, aud His Honor the Chief Justice ail told the Jury to dismiss from their minds ali the state ments that Wiisen had made, because tliey were not evidence against me; but these statements had been previously read over to tiicui, and were used as evidence against YVilsen, who was tried with me. " Thai I submit that I ought not to have been tried with Wilson, and had such oeen tlie case no Jury in tlie world weuid have convicted me on the evidence irrespective.of Wihea's; and X beg that your Excellency aud Council will read over and consider the evidence without Wheal's state ments, and I am confident that you will come to the conclusion that such evidence did not warrant lum my couviction. " That tlie Jury did take into their consideration Wilsen's statements against me is clear from the verdict returned against him. "That I liave been found guiity of the murder of Jane .v'acmeuinieit partly upon evidence admitted by the Crown not to be evidence against me. "'That the Crown refused to let- me know tlie names of most of tlie witnesses, and the nature of •the evidence to be brought against me, before my ,triai, and that in consequence it was impossible for me to be prepared with my defence, or to instruct counsel properly to cross-examine the witnesses for tlie Crown. " That I assert that Mr. Ltankmc'a evidence is ncorrcct. I say that he was at my house at the Salt Creek oil theJKt January last, and exchanged ■ a mare for a horse with Wilscu ou that day, and took her away with him. " That Wiisen vva, not at Baukine's on the 3rd February last, but at my house. "That lie left my place on the 7th February, and came back on the dttli February. "That lie went to itaiikino's ou iud Marc!:, and walked back 3rd March because he had lost niv pony, and that he commenced my stable on hit March. " That Mr. Eankine, Messrs. Smytlie (brother to Mr. Win. Smythe, Secretary to the Ken- Cora wall Mine) and Jones, sheepi'anuers, were at my place on the 4th February, aud were served with liquor by Jane Macmenimcn, and that Mr. ltar.Line makes a mistake of one mouth as to the date'of the conversation between him and me as to Jane Macmeniuien leaving my service. "That Messrs. Smytiie andJoncs trill admit that the above is true if enquiry is made of them. " That the entry iu my diary that Jane 3fac meniinen left my house oa the b'th is correct and true. _ "That the prisoner Wiisen, if he can be asked, will admit these dates to be correct, and that : Jane vras at my place alive 011 the 3rd. That 1 ; believe Mr. I'aukiue will tiud, on refreshing his i memory, that lie was mistaken in bis dates. " That 1 consider I have not had a fair trial for i tlie following reasonsJ "First—That I ought not to have been tried ; with Wiisen, because las evidence, which shows upon the face of it perjury, was used against me, whilst I was deprived of the right < ' .. of every prisoner to cross examine the witness on his sworn state men Is. "Second—Tb.it, ignorant of tlic names even of the witnesses br.-ught agaiust me, I eauhl not properly prepare my defence, cr I could have shown that tha witnesses for the Crown were in correct in their evidence. "I therefore humbly pray that your Excellency and the Exeeutj ve Council will make sucli enquiries | and tal:e such steps in this petition asrfmu may consider right in justice to your petitioner." The petition having been considered, it has been j resolved that its prayer he not complied with. ] Tup Inteucolonlm, Ojsfehexce.—Front our Victoria telegram it will be seen that the pro posed Conference in Melbourne is likely to be delayed till a time when it will be inconvenient for South Australia to send representatives. It seems stiuugc that the Treasurer of this colony should have proceedc-d to Melbourne without first ascertaining the intentions of the Victoria Government. Coast Etoiit.—We learn that the Government have approved of a recommendation of the Marine Board to substitute a suitable lighthouse at Port Adelaide, in place of ibe light-ve-wel now moored at the anchorage, and that the latter should lie removed to ihe Tinaia Eeef, Port Wallaroo. Captain Douglas will proceed to-day to fix upon a site for the lighthouse, and we understand tlie work v.iil be proceeded with without delay. Cultivation of Cotton.—We are obligingly permitted by Messrs. Skelton & Co., of this city, to publish the following letter, received by them from the Secretary of the Manchester Cotton Supply Association "Cotton Sup;siy Association, Offices, No. 1, Newau's-buildings. Manchester, *!-• - - j September 5S, lf.Oi "Gentlemen—Your letter of July i2 was duly received. The Committee of this Association wii[ gladly render the aid which vou require. By the earliest opportunity they will forward you 1 cwt, of Egyptian seed, f cwt. of American Uplands in tlic cotton, 1 cwt. do. without cotioii do., and 1 cwt, of Sea Island do. The Committee have been led to suppose that a good deal of cotton seed is rendered valueless by the action of the knife in ginning, and they forward you the Uplands ginned and unginr.ed ia the hope that the two will lie sown at the same time, and the results obtained from each carefully noted for their information. The Committee have also determined to place at your service one Mscarlhy gin of the most approved patter.) as a model, the exhibition and working of which may induce other parties to procure similar machines. Cm, of this size and make can be supplied at about £.7 Pis. each in Manchester. Our treatises on cotton culture, which shall accompany tiie seed, wiil furnish satisfactory teolies to some or your enquiries. ] Swampy soil with saline deposit, such as you speak of, would be in ail probability well adapted to the growth of Sea Island cotton. "I atu, < Jentlemen, yours obediently, "S. O. Srrro:-, Interim Secretary. "Messrs. Joseph Skeltou i Co., iCir.c William strcet, A dclaidc, Australia.'' Ul'sh Itp.ia—The abundance of grass through out the country this year makes it more than ever' imperative that all persons should guard against tlxc careless use of iire. We hope that the District Councils generally will adopt the practice of the Angastqn Council, an extract from whose pro ceedings at their last meeting we subjoin as con taining useful hints:—".Resolved, that the Clerk be instructed to procure polices similar to those used last year relative to fires; and also to commu nicate with other Councils on the subject, urging the adoption of the same, and inform them that last year was the iirst for many years that no hush lire had occurred in the neighbourhood, and ihe Council consider it was in a great measure owing to the extensive circulation of the notices referred to. A copy to he sent to each Council in the dis trict. 3Ir. Clerk elated that ou his way to .Angus-ion he had met two of the men who v,o: l:r-.l on the roads walking along through grass smoking with out covers to their pipes, and one with a lighted coal in his pipe, and also that he considered such practices hi-hiy dangerous. The Clerk to report the matter to the Central Road Board, in order thai they nicy issue stringent nidtrs to the con tractors relative to the seme. The Clerk also to request the police when patrolling to look after such practices." "Gon.D's Jinsns or A:nmiAiti.t.'—On Thins flay afternoon we bud an opportunity of inspecting a copy of "Gould's Birds of Australia," recently received from the publisher by the South Austra lian Institute. The work is in seven volumes folio, with three supplementary par!?. It is ele gantly hound in rarsia gib, and it i? expected that the cost will exceed £IM. Jc contains the 'inures of about rod species of birds, most of which are represented the size of life. The jdatcs are litho graphed. and have been coloured Ivy hand, and to each there melctlernressde.-cripriousoi (hehabits, &c;, of the feathered tribes, ike i.,.aUties where they are found, and many other interesting par ticulars. In addition to the scientific and English names by which they are known, the indefatigable ornithologist Ins addcl the designations applied to them by the aborigines. There are also elabo rate and very complete indie.1., and a full introduc tion, with a dedication of the v.oil; to Her Majesty the Unveil. Yi'e believe thai Mr. Gould first became known to the British public by his descriptive account of a collection of birds sent to England from the Himalaya, Mountains in I1-:!). This w ork was published in .Tanuary, IS!!: and though the author was then only 2d years of age. it was re gut'Jed as a valuableaddition to the .standard literature of England. After this he published his two monographs of the "Ucjaphasli&e;" and <-f the ' Trog.i.irespectively, on the completion England foi of wiiicb lie left England for Australia in the spring of 1 sb'-- The result of hi; studies and researches in various parts of this island-continent has bean the work we have noticed, and a similar work on the " Mammals of Australia."' V.'c be: licvc it is the intention of :i:e Governors of the Institute to procure a copy of the latter. The magnificent work just received can now ha seen in the library of the Institute by subscriber; on ap plication to the Librarian; nor,-subscribers will rcyiire an order from a (tv.vcujr of the Institute io admit them to the li'ir.rry, k not h,,;.;'.- intended that the hook si:;;!; on any aroueij, ha iemovwd t he from that room, This vol ;, however, v.bi construed ?o alrici'y as to prevent subscribers from bringing members of their families to see this beautiful hook. The arrangements above referred to will, of course, ! c sub: At to such restrictions as a due regard t) lac safety of so valuable a. work may render necessary. 5"out Ki.mot Fam",tics' Asuociaijox.—A. wr iufor ns us that "a meeting c-f t!:c of this Association took place at the Midd; ton iloie! < n Saturday evening lust. 7,lr. Isaac Foster having her. v.-to the chair, the Secretary produced and road letters lie hud re ceived since last ineeliug from merchants In Sydney, Mclbuars.?, ar. l Adelaide, and the pur portof which was considered very encouraging to the Society, ami it was resolved to vend to Ade laide for four bales of bags for th.e immediate use of the members. it was also proposed, and carried unanimously, that bv the future only j those pel sons who li.'.d enrol!-:•! tkf.tivJstt end j paid the entrance-fee should be udn itled 10 the ! meetings or participate hi any hem tits derived. Several new member.; were then enrolled, and j paid the fees. Tim broke up .after paying I the usual compliments to the Chairman and Scire- j tary." Lancashire Keivtef Committee.—A meetica of i the. Lancashire Relief Committee was held at ALdridge's Stocks presided, and there were present also, Messrs. S. Tomkinson (Treasurer), the Veil. Arch deacon Woodcock, the Rev. Messrs. J. Watsford, and J. B. Waterliouse, and Messrs. N. Blj'tb, JLP., . M. Ooode, and G. Young. The Treasurer recorted : that the total amount collected up to that meeting : was L'i.irO 4s. 5d., aiid the amount remitted to I England, with expenses, was £3,0Rt, leaving a . balance of flSii 4s. 5d. in his hands. He submitted several accounts for approval, and the advertising | bills tnr tile and Oh+r.rcr:r and A'l, ' rlh;rr | and Chronicle were ordered to he psid. A few ! other accounts for printing had been forwarded to j Mr. Grundy, and that gentleman had not yet re ! turned them. He also remarked that about .£201) ! had been icceived since last meeting, butthecol ! lections from various places of worship would j come in shortly, and he hoped he would he able by the January, mail to make a further remittance to I England. He stated that he had received £102 from | the Bev. W. Boss, at Wcntwortb, New South Waies, being the third instalment seat by that gentleman. He also handed in a letter from Mr. Grundy, stating that he had been detained at Gawlcr by illness, and expressing a , wish, as he had no business in Adelaide, to resign | his duties as Secretary to the Committee. Mr. I 2v. Eijth, M.P., moved that a letter cl ' tlianks lie sent to Mr. Grundy for his services, and informing him that the Committee had accepted his resignation. This was carried unanimously. The Kcv. J. Watsford thought it would be advisable to elect another Secretary, and Mr. N. Biyth, M.P., and the Bev. S. Keen, having | exhibited such zeal in the cause, were requested to i act conjointly in that capacity. Mr. Biyth ex j pressed his pleasure in doing so. The Treasurer said Mr. Grundy had informed him that the returns from the amateur theatrical performances were not all in, as the accounts wc;e not yet quite closed. A Committee were requested to make enquiries as to whether any further sums would | he paid over tG the Treasurer on account of those j entertainments. It was stated by the Treasurer that several contributions had been received in wheat and flour; but, not having seen the Secre tary for six weeks, he was not a ware of their whereabouts, and he should be glad to hear from millers and others luiving such articles in charge. The Venerable Archdeacon Wood | cock thought it might he presumed, as tliey I had accepted the resignation of the Sccre tary, that the labours of the Committee were at an | end: but as the distress appeared to be dolly in- j creasing lie uiged the Committee to renewed exer tions. He thought there were many who had | already contributed would do so again if asked. 1 The Treasurer said it was intended, should the dis! ress continue, to appeal to the country again early in the ensuing year: anu Sir. Goode stated that himself and three other gentlemen iiad undertaken to canvass the four wards of the city with that object in view. The Rev. Watsford intimated that he expected to be able to pay over to the Treasurer by next Saturday the sum of £25d, being the result of collections made in the Wesley an Chapels. (Cheers.) It was then resolved, oa the suggestion of the Chairman, that the Treasurer should be instructed to remit £250 so soon as that sum was collected. A vote of thanks to the Chair closed the meeting. Misaitrotriation ok the Lancashire Dis tress Fcnp.—Our telegram from Sydney states j that great excitement exists in thai city respecting the misappropriation of the money sent to Eng- ' land to relieve the distressed Lancashire operatives. A letter lias beeu received iu Sydney stating j that the sums seat have been devoted to some J school scheme. If this report is correct h is a great scandal; but surely there is sonic mistake. Ojxfiematwx.—■On Sunday morning, Decem ber 14, the Lord Bisbop held a confirmation at St Paul's Church, Port Adelaide. The congrega tion was very large, and the rite was administered to eighteen young persons, to whom His Lordship afterwards addressed an appropriate discourse. The Hev. Jajtes Simian.—The friends of the Rev. .Tames Sleigh, late of Happy Valley and Raid Hills in this colony, will he interested in knowing that Hie rev. gentleman has gone to Lifu, one of (he is aads iu the South Sea, as a mis sionary in connection with the London Missionary Society, and, to qualify him for liis responsible worla he has taken to himself a wife, who is the daughter of a missionary. Adelaide Police Cou^t.—In the Police Court on Thursday Martin Park was committed to take his trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court on two charges of forging and uttering. A penalty of £2<) anil costs was imposed on a butcher named John Hemsley for slaughter ing two sheep iu a place which was not so con structed as to prevent a nuisance, and not being duly jioeiiScu according to law. Cricket Match.—The return match between the United Tradesmen and the Hindararsh Cricket Clubs was played on Wednesday last, the J7th instant, on the Hindmar.-h cricket-ground. The Hindmarsli Club went in Srst and scored 74. The United Tradesmen followed and scored S3. After lunch at Host Jaques's play was resumed, but : Johns being given out by the umpire of the Hind marsh Club he and others left the ground, pro testing against their own umpire's decision. If such conduct is to be practised umpir es arc of no use, and it is but justice to say that those on this oeen' iou were competent and impartial gentlemen. The captain (Mr. Staccy) and umpire of the ilind mars'i Club then declared that the United Trades men had won the match by 12 runs. Burton's Circus.—Vve received on Thursday afternoon the following telegram from Mr. 11 Burton, at Newcastle, New south Wales:—"We sailed ait well in the barque Dragon at 0 o'clock tills morning.-' ACCIEEXT AT TITE OaVVI.ER IiAyfilcS.—Our correspondent at Port Augusta reports a sad accident vrliicli tool: place at Mr. Oalevit's run, Oawlcr "llunges. Two men were sink in:.; n well, when the gunpowder which they were using vn- ] expected!;- igniting they were seriously injured. ! Mr. Ordcvie rode Id-3 miles for medical assistance. | The same correspondent informs us that a poor fellow was lost in the bash live •lays, and iviicn found was reduce.!, as might be expected,- almost to the last extremity. Bemous Accident.—'We understand that Mr. 1L dv.dteoius, while opening a bottle of wine at his store en Tuesday afternoon, met with an acci dent. The bottle broke, and the broken glass entered his thigh, making a v.ound live inches. ions and one inch wide. Dr. Phillips, who hap pened to be passing, was called in and dressed the wound. Happily it was found not. to he so serious as it at lirsi threatened. Huaimii ov a a ative.—()ur Mount lieiiiarkah'e cjiresooadciit reports a scandalous outrage com mitted on a V ~ hlaehfcllow which has caused his death. It appears ihat this miscreant—a man named " jTankee Harry," a buiiock- drivcr-sus peeiingihe native had stolen some meat from Ids dray, took up a propslick and beat the poor creature's brains out. Our correspondent states that after ali the idackfellow was innocent. It is' supposed the murderer is in custody. PfBtic Wokks.- -The following tenders have been received ut the Engineer and Architect's otiice1-Y>r liviMiug Telegraph Sta! Ion and I'ost Oiliee at rsbrnianville—George Sara .'c'.ious. Xl,:i3fi 10s. (accepted); AJIif.vri.stlc & Moat!!, il.Otiu: I'. Ho-.Wou & Co., £1,7 lis. Also, foi building polios ?iabies at Mac Dounell Bay, F. Reynolds, ££33 (accepted); 2L Frith £203. Tire Xatioa'at, BsjiLUiyG Society (Peu sta kes—).—A public meeting of this new Society was he'd at the King's Head, King vTiliimti-sAojt; Mr. Anderson in the chair. The object of the meeting was to explain the principles of the Society, and to receive names of shareholders. One of the speakers trace ! the history of Building Societies in Adelaide, and stated that there were now -Pi in the province, and that, as Benefit Societies, they pos sessed peculiar advantages. In the sister-color,y Building Societies were being founded very exten sively, with a view of applying their principles to the purchase of hni-l under the new Land Act. A t the conclusion of the meeting several shares were taken. CoxvitRsAZiosK. —A very interesting eouvcr sarioue, in voune-rio:] with St. Paul's Church, was heid at the Adelaide Assembly Booms on Friday, December ii At (> o'clock abru-j- 500 persons sat down to an excellent tea, after which the conversa rinnc re;'.by commenced. The chair vats taken by ?>! r. X. Lllyth, il.P., and the meeting was addressed by His Lordship the Bishop, tire ltcv. Archdeacon WojJcoek, the llev. Messrs. Jbbetson and M-.ir ryar, and Mr. E. TV. Andrews. Mr. S. <_locde read ike report for the past year, anil tiie Lev. A II. Russell delivered an instructive and interest ing lecture o:i "Ghost Stories."' Some excellent music W3 -. also performed during the evening by a choir under the direction of Mr. E. Cornish. LECTt r.t: at the Institute. — The Rev. .1. t t,miner delivered a lecture—the last of the series — at the South Australian i ns'rituie, on Friday evening, December 12. The attendance was by no means numerous—a circumstance attributable no doubt to the eon temperance us couversar.iune in connection v.vrii Sr. Paul's Church. Dr. Wy.-.tt, Chninr.an of the Board of (k.iversior.s presided, 'il.c subject selected for the oeeatiii i was 'Locomotion- past and present.'1 The rev. lecturer went consecutively through the various processes cf locomotion xv 1 ti-.-Ir front the earliest ages opto the present time had obtained amongst the human race. First among these he mentioned pole itrianisnj — the most genera! anil the most ihne-boaoureJ method of" moving fiont • 'lace to place. Next in order came eiiuis.tcianlsin iu ii-s various iV.rnr.s. The introduction of the litter we. a next alluded to, and th.ocon.- ti action oi the firs; wheeled vtiii 'c-s described. The varhvus descrip tions ■/ articles coming under this e.eiiomiua-ion, from the rude and c.'aawy chariot of lac ancients to the most handsome opei-huc-us of rite stage coach architecture of modern days;, were succes sively passed under review. The .subject was illus trated by soma £■> or :;■) excclle;;', peritbigs, which, sit the costufciion of lite lecture, were pointed out ! and explained by Mr. Gardner. One recitation— '•young Ijcciiinvur"'—'was given during i!ie eourre of the evening, mad this was very baldly applauded. I The lecturer Intimated that the more rapid and ! easy means of locomotion afforded by the railway w-mM f iii.'i the subject of a future lecture. Tim; announcement wsr, creelcj with cheetHig. and l!p: merlins' closed. .Inspection op Volunteers at Gawler.—A correspondent favours us with the following:— " Oil Saturday, the 13th instant, the Staff-Adju tant, Captain J. H. Biggs, inspected the Gawler Y-clunleers, commonly known, as the Eo. 2 Com pany. Tliirty-five officers and men were present, the total foree of the company being foi ty-tlircc. Lieut. Ogilvy put the company through the manual platoon exercise and several sections of company wnl skirmishing drill, and acquitted himself so well as to elicit the praise of all present. The men were very steady under arms, and were evidently fast recovering from their late disorganized state ( thanks to the care and attention of Lieut. Ogilvy). Captain Biggs liigitly complimented Lieut. Ogilvy cjvd his company on their general appearance, and the evident improvement in their drill. Before the •company marched to their private parade, three hearty cheers were given for Captain Biggs, all present being highly pleased with the inspection— it being a well-known fact that ('aptain Biggs does not give praise where it is not due, and never winks at mistakes for the sake of popularity. On re marching through the town the hand played some enlivening airs; among which was included that soul-stirring tuue, "The British Grenadiers,'as a mark of respect to their esteemed instructor, Staff Sergeant Young. As the company was dismissed, the band played ' God save the Queen,' and the evening's proceedings closed, to the great satisfac tion of a large number of the inhabitants of Gawler, who had assembled to witness the proceedings." Volunteer Phizes at Robe Town.—The Government special prizes of two new Eniield riilcs for the Robe Town Voiuuteers ivere shot for on the fth, Dth, and 10th December. The old regulation centre was used on the occasion. Corporal Botson and Private IVarren made (il points each; hut-on shooting off at 90!) yards the corporal made one point, the private scoring nothing. Subjoined is the score:— mo 200 259 300 400 50 vd.s. yds. yds. yds. yds. yds. Oant. "Walker ... 9 5 4 4 6 3 Corp. Hotsen ... 10 8 R 0 4 5 McLean (1 (i 4 5 1 Private Birks ... 5 4 5 2 dr. Evans 8 5 5 5 0 2 Gell 7 4 5 4 4 4 Squire 9 e 10 fi 5 4 It. E. Venn 7 4 5 2 3 2 H. W. Vena 7 7 5 3 4 2 Warren 6 0 6 6 7 6 550 600 650 700 800 9 0 Tf-l yds. yds. yds. yds. yds. yds. Cant, Walker ... a 4 O 2 2 0 47 Corp. H otson .. 4 4 4 6 1 1 61 McLean 3 2 1 3 4 2 43 Private Evans .. 2 4 3 4 0 0 44 Geli 4 ;■> 4 5 I 0 45 Squire 3 2 2 2 3 3 55 It E. Venn.. 3 2 2 3 2 2 37 11 V. Venn 1 3 2 3 2 0 39 Warren 7 3 4 4 4 2 61 Port Yolvxteeh Artillery. — The members of tile Port Adelaide Volunteer Artillery Company were called out for inspection on Monday, Decem ber 15. The company numbers upv.-ards of 30, oi whom 21 were present. Lieutenant Lucas put the men through various evolutions, and expressed his satisfaction with the manner in which they were executed, when it is taken into consideration that more than half the number present were new recruits. He also expressed a hope that by con stant attendance at drill the company would soon regain its former efficiency. Adelaide Rifle Club.—The Adelaide Rifle ! Club held their monthly meeting for practice at the Rails on the Park hands on Saturday last. The two highest scares were made by Air. F. Ayers and Colonel Blyth, the former of whom scored IS points (including hits) in 20 rounds, and the latter 6'3. Tun Pilot Service.—A correspondent, writing from Port Adelaide, says" During the past week 1 one or two episodes have occurred which are rather calculated to illustrate the superiority of the Go- 1 vernmcnt supervision over the present arrange ment, for while on some occasionsthcre were four ■ and even five pilots afloat in contest for one vessel, on ctliers there was not a pilot to he seen; and on the arrival of the Aurora Ac;trail's it was not until a telegram was dispatched to the Port that an officer coukl he procured, though there were three at Glenclg. There is a rumour current here that the Marine Board purpose enquiring into the ; conduct of the sefvice with a view to some altera tion ; raid it Is not before such a step is required that it is mooted, for it would he a matter of diliieuity to devise a greater absurdity than the present force, which, instead of being (as it was some time hack) in a high state of etiiciency, is in a state of disunited derangement." Messes. Poussaed and Docay at Watxauoo. —A correspondent writing from Port Vfailaroo in forms us that Messrs. Poussard and Douay, as sisted by Messrs. Beaumont and Wilkinson, g< concerts there on December S and 11 with the greatest success. Mr. Charles Kkax.—The Parthenon says: " Among ether things theatrics!, we hear of an ; offer of £10,090 having been made to Mr. Charles Kean for three months' engagement in Australia, for the purpose of giving readings, &c.; in the colony." Wool from the Darling via Ccmeracha.— We arc informed that the Gemini, which arrived at Manuuin from the Upper Darling on the 7th instant, brought £S) hales of wool, the whole of which has been delivered at the IVrt via Gumc racha. Central Road Board.—A meeting of the Central Road Board was held on Tuesday, Decem ber Id. There were five '■ Vtmmissioners and four Superintending Surveyors present. The usual amount of business, including the reports of Sur veyors and miscellaneous correspondence, was disposed of. Duryea Mine.—The lode at the Duryea Aline, we learn, has been cut at the 52-faihorn crosscut, but has not as yet i>eeu sufficiently proved to ascertain the quality of the ore. Xoeth Adelaide Gr.uil:a:i School.—A corrc-! spondent informs us thai "the distribution of prizes at the rvorih Adelaide Grammar School, conducted by Sir. Whiniiam, toj'c place on Wed nesday last. The Hev. J. Jcfl'eris, who filled the chair, opened the proceedings by referring to the time when, a hoy like them, lie looked forward with interest to the approach cf the holidays and the award of prizes. He exhorted them to habits of industry in the acquisition of knowledge, as without ihein neither prizes in school nor in life can he secured. He likewise addressed parents on the importance of taking an interest in the educa tion of their children, as by it the success of educa tion is greatly promoted, ."dr. Whinham then addressed some brief remark's to the visitors. A few of the pupils then recited parts of poems from various authors. These were given with consider able ctiect, especially hy Masters Feachey, Kal d Wood. The co'.m, Wigg, Fool, Hangman, and prize for reciting was allotted to "faster Peaehey. Special prizes, given hy a lady ami gentleman, w ere awarded to Masters Peaehey and Spriggfor their proficiency in history, geography, gianiinar, n:n! arithmetic. Other special prizes for the same subjects were given to Masters Marrabcl, Calf, and Graham. General prizes were then awarded for mathematics, classics, and English subjects to Masters Peaehey, Paqualin, Malcolm, Marrabel, Calf, 1 angman, Fool, J. McCuiioch, Smith, Ilagicss, Kirkliam, Yv'igg, Calf, Jan., Keeling, and J). JIc'I'uIIocIl Certificates were presented to Mask:-' Calf, Sanderson, Sayers, Porter, Graham, Xlavies, iikace, bpillcr, loiter, jim., Fitzgeraul, and A. J. Smith. Two prizes, presented by Mr. awarded to ?,Ia-ter! ■Spilier, for astronomy, were awarded tu Masters A. Brooke and H. Spanks. The Rev. J. Jeiicris kindly offered to present "a prize next year fur iudustry aud good cosduet. The proceedings closed by vociferous cheering for the Chairman, the visitors, and Mr. Vv hiiiham."' Tilt: riT02?E-Ciii:sitEP..—The working of this powerful apparatus, at the City Kail-way Station, has been resumed most effectively. 'Che crushed stone is used for metalling purposes at and about the station, where the material is found to answer its purpose remarkably well, and to require no •'blinding.*' The motive power is a 10-horse portable steam-engine; the cost of engine and apparatus being about £>}t!Q. When the immediate wanes uf the present locality arc supplied the crusher and engine will be removed to a quany eoiii-ignous to the Gawler extension line of rail way. At the lirciner Mine, where the like appa rat us and power have been employed in the crush ing of crude copper ore, the mineral is satisfactorily aud ccono nieaily operated upon at tile late of 40 cubic yards per day of 10 hours, so that the exten sive introduction of the stone-crusher for mining purposes also may be regarded as more than probable. Tut: Conrort-ATJO.v.—The City Council met on Monday, at 2 o'clock, and sat for some time with | closed doors. When ilia doors wore >lirov.-;r open, the business began by taking votes on the several plans of the Town Hall sent in fcr competition. The first prize was awarded to Mr. Is. \V. Wright, the second to Abbott. & Son, and the third to Alt. 11. < Thomas. Mr. S. Alien was appointed Bitis-Oulector, ruzj Mr..b Fiemnung. Tire salaries i of tiie officers were revised for the ensuing year, and the correspondence was disposed of to enable ■ tire Cuen-.-il to adjourn over the holidays. On the completion of the business, the Mayor, Council, and some invited guests commemorated the marriage of the .Princess Alice, when the bilk-cuke recently received was di-irihuted, and the healtii of the royal couple pledged in colonial wine pre-anted by Mr. Castle, of Ilaekham. fcr.uin;ys at in-: G.vju—OnThtusday morning week, a man name"' Charles White, undergoing a sentence of rmpiisoninent for felony, was about io be taken v= itii other prisoners from tiie Gaol to the Stockade, when be seized cue of the dinner knives ami -'a!sued himself in tiie stcmacb. Tiie knife happened to be very -harp and penetrated his body t1 ■ the slept!i of nearly two inches. In the opinion > f I',. Moo ab-.i in the belief of Mr. Lawrence, th.e man in die! j:i the wound merely to prevent Ms removal to the Stockade, and the knife was much sharper than lie laid calculated. Tiie bowel- fortunately were not injured, but slid the man is in a very pre- ! carious state, although doing welt under the clr- | ciTmstniiccs. , j of Earr.v. .\v Ciiaece?. -We beg to call the attention of om- readers to an advertise. J ment in another column, announcing that on and i -•liter the i'.lih in pant ;l reduction cf Is. a ton will i lie made ou the following items of first-class pro- ! duce, forwarded from Freeling HLati- m to Ade- I lai-.le, Jdowdcn, and Port AdehudcI'iour, bran, I p jHar-d, v. heal barley, and oats. City Corporation.—A special. meeting of the Counciljwas held on Thursday, ISth instant, to con sider whether a meeting of citizens should be called to sanction tbe borrowing of money to . build a Towu Hall aud Offices. Statements were . read showing the revenue .£1,300 per annum, ; viz:—The rent of land fronting King William street, rent of offices in the Town Hall buildings, i rent of store now occupied by Mr. Futcher, and ' an estimated sum for the use of the large Hall for | lectures, &c.; also, repayment of a sum of £16,099 to be borrowed at 6 percent., giving the sum due j for interest cieli year, and amount of principal I extinguished annually, showing the final extin- j guisluneut of the debt from the above revenue alone in 23 years. It was resolved that a meeting of citizens be called for the above purpose for Tuesday, 30th instant, tbe amount to be borrowed not to exceed £1(5,090. The Council then ad i jourued. Agricultural Society's Cojtmittes Meeting. —The Agricultural Society's Committee held its usual meeting at the Norfolk Arms, on Friday, i December 19. Mr. E. W. Audrew.s presided. The Sub-Coia.iiiitee brought up the revised prize-list, which, with some amendments aud additions, was I adopted. Ago.d specimen of flax was exhibited, | as was also an excellent sample ■ f Algerian wheat, | grown by Mi'. Frame, of Mount Barker. Mr Cobbledick referred to the fact of some of the ' Victorian prize wheat which he had sown being extensively affected by blind smut, and tbe remainder being 'severely injured by the hot winds. It was supposed by several of those pre sent that this indicated that the wheat was not adapted to the soil of this colony. Thje Blinman Mine—The following extracts from the captain's report of the Biinman Mine have been banned to us for publication:—"lbeg to hand you report of this mine up to December 19\. Tue lode cut in the cross-cut west of No. 1 Shaft is driven on about three fathoms south. It is t wo ieet wide, of good ore. When discovered in the cross-cut it was, though rich, very smalt: hut it has opened into a good paying lode. This is about 12 fathoms below the top of the hill. The stones from Nos. 2 aud , Shafts have turned out over ;JUU tons of first-class ore, besides 499 to 500 tons oi poorer ores for smelting; and are still yielding as much as ever." PIRIE STREET CHAPEL.—We understand that Mr J C Hansen has been appointed organist of Pirie-street Chapel. A correspondent informs us that Mr. Hansen held a similar situation for many years in his native land, and is a man of considerable musical attainments." i'AiNFCLOccuitatrrcES.—A striking illustration of the slender nature of the link which unites the body aud sool occurred on Thursday last, in the death of a little boy named Edward Vonllaire, sou of Mr. Vouliuire, auctioneer, of Hiadtc.. strcet. One day in tlte latter pait of last week lie accidentally ieil du.vn and cue tJic palm of his hand near the tnuuiu. Medical assistance was obtained, but lockjaw ensuing the little fellow died on Thursday. About a week before tins occurrence Mr. iiuzeai, tiuiuau, of Gurrie- streut, accidentally scratched bis baud whilst working some galvanized ii'oti at Wallaroo, tie took no notice whatever of llie injury at tlie tune, out a few days afterwards bis arui became considerably inilamed. He came to town and put himscif under tiie treatment of Dr. G Llli-.U], who found tliat mortification bad set in, and Unit it wouib lie necessary to amputate his arm. Drs. Bayer and vj esse were also called, and upon conducting the operation they discovered tuat the disease nad penetrated beyond their reach, 'i'iie suiter, r was alive on Friday, nut little hope is entertained of bis recovery. Sunday-School Anniversary.—The anniver sary of the Bible Gnristiaa tjimday- school at Fnidon was held on Sunday and Monday, the 7th and dili inst. On S-.uday three sermons were preached—lu the morning aud aiteruoon by Mr. J. Mock, and iu the evening by Mr. S. Keen. The children recited and sung several pieces, and each I oi the services was wen attended. At half-past 2 o'clock on Monday aiteinooii the its v. Mr. Hock addressed the ciisldren at the chapel, and they afterwards amused themselves with a plentiful suppiy ot tea and cake and various games. The ! puuiie Lea meeting winch followed, aud was at tended by about (iu persons, was gratuitously pro- i vided by tbe ladies or tile coi.'Sregation. Mr. liuudie presided at the public meeting in the evening, air. i'oord read a report, from which it appeared that the school hud been progressing favourably. There were at present six teachers aud 4i> scholars. A lew recitations were then given by the cmidreu, and addresses were delivered ny Messrs, iSaruden, Crauue, Keen, Coombe, and Hock. The proceeds of tue anniversary amounted to £9 7s VOD.DtAircTAKA.MEfE.—The following extracts from the captain's report of the V udaivimutana Mine has been blinded to us for publication "Section 1.15A—iso. 1 Shaft bein^lengthened hi the north end is just now got down oil the ore groaud, and is looking Weil, producing a large quantity of ore of rich quality. The slope north and south of jS'o. 1 winze is from 5 feet down to 2 feet wide of first-class ore. This is a splendid lode. The stope on the north side of tiie iiiil is looking well, aud the quality of the copper is excellent. This section never looked better. Section 133 II— i The stope north and south of the shaft is pro ducing a fair quantity of rich ore, and there x excellent lode at the bottom of the shaft. IN. | stope is suspended for the present to drive the level below. The lode iu this level is a very good one. Since last report we have laid open the lode | referred to in that report. It is a good paying lode. This section is turning out first rate. ViTe are having opened a good lode in Section 155; is pro mises well to be a valuable seetson. On the whole the mines are looking well—never in a better state."' School Examination.—The annual examina tion of the scholars attending Mrs. lio'.ierts's school, Gover-street, North Adelaide, took place on Friday afternoon. The Itev. J. Jeficris put the acquirements oi the pupils to a severe test, and expressed himself liigiily satisfied with their answers. Prizes were then distributed to the most deser-.ing, and the children were dismissed for the Christmas vacation. Lecture at Glenelc.—On Thursday evening, the second of a scries of ioctures now in course of delivery at the Bay was given iu the Congre gational Church by the itcv.W.Harcus. The Hon. A. Forsier was voted to the cliair, who In a few remarks introduced tlie lecturer. Mr. Harcus commenced with an apology for not lieiug able, tijroughan unexpected accident, to give the lecture which had .been announced; he would therefore, with their leave, substitute lus lecture on tbe "Gipsies"' for that which bad been advertised. At. the close of the lecture rotes of thanks were awarded to Mr. Harcus and the Chairman. Tlie proceeds of the lectures are in aid of the fund for liquidating tlie debt on the church. School Examination, Thebauton.—On Thurs day afternoon. December is, the children of tbe Misses ltogcrs's school were examined in reading, spelling, arithmetic, "geography, history, and mental arit'.nnetic by the Key. B. Beid, who ex pressed himself highly satisfied with the profi ciency shown by the scholars. The answers of the first class, after a careful examination in geography and mental arithmetic, were especially commended, and reflected great credit upon their teachers.. Many of tlie girls brought forward various articles of fancy?rork, both useful and ornamental, such as head work and crochet, and also plain needlework, which they had made under the direction of tiieir teachers. At the conclusion of the examination the l'ev. Mr. Bold presented two neatly-bound volumes, which had been kindly given by Mr. C. T. Newman, to Emily Pearson for general improvement, and to Jessie Ingham for good conduct. The rev. gentle man then briefly addressed the children, reminded tliein of the duty they owed to their parents and teachers, and entreated them to seek through life that heavenly prize which ai! might obtain—"the crown of glory which fadeth not away." Soon after the visitors haddispersed, the children, to the number of about 69, sat down to an excellent tea, provided by the kindness of the Misses Rogers. The schoolroom was tastefully decorated with Mowers and evergreens, so that when the children sat down with smiling and animated countenances to do justice to the tea and cake, the whole scene was enough to gladden the heart of any one. On glancing at the attend nee-book, it is most plea-ing to observe that during the past year, notwith standing the amount of sickness lately in the village, the ehiidrcn have been extremely regular ia their attendance. No stranger can visit this school without noticing a most pleasing feature in connection with it, viz., the confidence and respect with which the scholars regard their teachers, and the perfect discipline which is therefore easily maintaincd. THE EARTHQUAKE.—Several of our country cor- respondents refer to the earthquake which seems to have been felt over a large extent of country in tlie North. At Clare, Tothill's Creek, Kapunda, and Black Springs the shock, or series of shocks, were distinctly felt. 'J'm: Curttc.—V,"e are informed that the Critic will ho published to-day. We hope it has now got over its ilifilcui'.ics, and will henceforth appear with that regularity which is so necessary to success. Eat at. Acumen: at Naibs'" —A correspondent at Naime writes as follows:—"A. fnlal accident occurred here on Saturday night, the I.'Jth instant, j to Joseph Ryder, eldest son of our respected j schoolmaster. The deceased, who had just entered Ills seventcelh year, was returning home about I 0 o'clock in company with his sister and two other young people, v.h.cu on turning the corner near the j old mill they beard a horse and cart coming along j at a furious rate, ar.u before they had fime to get : out of the way the deceased was kocke1 down, and tlie wheel passing over htm killed him on the spot. He was carried by liis sister and another young woman to Mr. Whitehead's house close by. Drs. Weld and Gething were quickly in attendance, but their skill was of no avail, as the viral spark had tied. The horse and cart belong to ?.Tr. 0. Harding, baker, of this place, who was driving at the time. The melancholy event has east quite a giooni over the township, tlie deceased being well known as a very quiet and inoffensive young lad. Much sympathy is expressed for ins bereave.* parents and friends. 