THE LORD DUNDREARY ON PREFACES. P—P—Pr— Preface, Mr Punoh ! Come, I say, that's chaffing a fellah, and old birds in the hand are not to be caught ia the bush — stop, if you're in the hand you can't be caught by putting salt upon the bush — I haven't quite got it, but the moral is the same. A P—P— -Preface. What's a preface ? A fellah can't be expected to know that without being told, can he ?-— ridiculous, at least if he hasn't heard of it in some other way ; you must Bee that. I w — w — wonder whether my brother Sam could write a preface. I shouldn't think he could ; because nobody knows what his brother can't do until he has tried, and Sam's never been tried, you know — at least he's never been tried for writing prefaces, so he's not guilty of that, Sam isn't ; and its p c — c — comfort to be able to say a fellah s not guilty of anything, espe cially if you are his brother. ' I don't mean that you're Sam's brother, because if you were, you would be me, which would be ridiculous ; we couldn't both be the same person and different, could we? Only you might be a man and a brother, and then you and Sam would be cou sins; but, I say, then you would be a nigger, and you would not like that, eht and have to wash your face with a b — b — blacking brush ; very objeotionable idea' that. But, I say, I wish you d ask bam to write your preface ior you ; he li^es in America, he does, and if you write to the North and your letter comes back, I dare say he'll answer it from the South. Stop, no, he can't do that if it comes back and ho don't get it ; can he ? — but you might make it a d — d — double letter and put two heads on it, and then it would do for either North or South America. Two heads are better than one, don't you know — stop, is that right ? A fellah gets these epitaphs into biB head till — stop, are they epitaphs? No, no, an epitaph was what they put on my Aunt Sally — not that she had two heads, quite the reverse, nnd I never saw a two 'headed aunt in all my life— ridiculous, how oould she kiss my uncle if she had two heads? — why she'd ba a s — s — Cerberus, and you don't think my uncle, who waa a most respectable man, would marry a Cerberus — he was quite ano ther kind of person. Now he could have written a preface for you if you like, he could, and I should advise your going to him, only he's dead, that's one thing, so I suppose it wouldn't be quite — no, of course, you can't go to a late lamented uncle aad b—b— -bother him for prefaces — quite absurd. Besides, we don't know whether he's dead or not, beoauBe he went to Australia and never wrote to say he was dead, or anything in the nug— nug— tougget line, you know, and — I'll tell you what — an idea — yes. When, you write your double letter to my brother Sam you might put a p — p — postscript telling him that if he doesn't get it he might send it on to uncle if he isn't dead, arid if he is, tell uncle to send it back. Of course he can't do that if he's dead, urilese— ha — unless you wrote & ' d—d— dead letter— not bad that. But alive or not, he's quite a gentleman, my unole, I assure you, and if you think he would marry a Cer berus, you don't know the man. Quite incapable of marrying a Cerberus or any other heathen goddess. . Was CerbeniB a goddess though ? — no, I should say not — didn't M — M — Morpheus go alter his wife and give him sop — Cerberus must have been a b — b— baby — a two-headed baby— ? wonder which face they k — k — christened, awk ward for the godfathers not to know which half they answered for, eh ? Well, I don't know what's to be done though, because, you say you want the preface to-morrow, and the mail don't go out till next week, so you couldn't hear in time unless you put more stamps on, and then the letter ' would weigh too much, and he'd send it back un spentid, Sam would, for he's a d — d— deuced Bconomical fellah, is Master Sam. I call him master because there's no Mistress Sam, and I ' wish, there was, as marriage would steady him'^a pair goes much steadier than a single horse, not that Sam's a horse, if he was I wouldn't Berid you to him to write prefaces ; horseB don' t do that I'm given to understand, though he might draw the p — p— picture for you; horses can draw, you must see that joke, and you might put it in the preface when Sam sends it over. Sam will laugh at that, he always laughs, does Sam, except when he's asleep, and then he wh — wh — wh — whistles through hiB noBe to show he isn't afraid of ghosts, though I don't know whether they understand it as such, but if my lamented uncl9's a ghost he understands it, because he understood everything, arid I thinff vou'll «ret a better nreface out of him than1 Sam. I tell you what, xi the gh— gh— ghost don't answer you, and Sam don't, you come to me to the Haymarket at Christmas and— you'll remember Christmas — hoc c — c — cross buns, you know — and then I'll do it for } ou, and you can hark back and put it in your f — f — t-^-forty- se'eond volume.- — Punch. A New Difficulty with the Occupation Licenses.— We have, from time to time, pub lished reports jsf meetings held at Bunker's Hill to protest against the sale and extension of the areas held under occupation licenses, because those are many of them situate on mining claims, but we had no idea until we heard the statements of the deputations yesterday that the evil was of such a magnitude. It now appears; that not only at Bunker'B Hill, but at Dog Trap Creek and other places, occupation licenses have been granted on the claims of mining companies, and if the lands held are sold, even without extension, men who have expended thousands of pountis and years of labor will be virtually robbed of their re ward. It was. stated that in the rieighbeorhood of the Dog Trap Creek alone the miners had Bpent about . £100,000 and five years' work, and in. other localities also large sums of money had been ex pended. And the statement of the deputatien. ' was not an exaggerated one, for we find the precise figures are as follows: — Le- viathan Company, £28,986 ; Sons of Free dom Company, £37,474 ; Scottish and Cornish Company, £40,000. No wonder Mr Anderson could not see for the life tof him how it was that the Land Act had been allowed to pass without conserving the rights of the miners, and no wonder that some astonishment was expressed - at the fact that no member for the gold-fields had . ? called attention to the matter when the Act was under discussion. But the evil now exists ; and it is necessary that it be dealt with practically. There can be no doubt that when these allot ments were taken up the holders of them never contemplated in any way interfering with mining operations. They sought to hold the surface, and the surface only. They intended to make gar dens or small farms, but * they never contem plated deriving a revenue from the claims of the very men whom they depended upon for the sale of their produce. For these reasons, the miners made no objection. They did not want the surface, and they believed that there was no impediment to their underground opera tions. But the passing of the Land Act has changed the aspect of affairs, and the miners now find themselves hemmed in on all sides by areas of occupied lands, which, if sold, will cut them off from the very ground to reach which they have expended bo much toil and money. Mr Duffy saw and acknowledged the difficulty, and promised not to allow the lands to be converted into freeholds before Parliament had had an. opportunity of considering the matter. The proper remedy is, of course, to give the occupiers the surfaoe, but to allow the right of entry for mining, and then both parties will obtain pre cisely what they sought in the first instance. — Ballaarat Star, 20th August. A Challenge to Gbblono and Mel bourne. — We extract the following from the Warrnambool Examiner: — 'Sia, — In reading your article in last Tuesday's issue, headed ? Bacon Curing,' it appeared to me that the editors of the Melbourne Age, the Geslong Advertiser, and the Warrnambool Examiner, are Bomewhat jealous as to which of the three respec tive places can produce the best hams and bacon. Now, in order to bring the matter to a true and satisfactory isBue, 1 hereby offer to show 40 * cwt. of hams, 30 owt. of fletches of bacon, and ten owt: of rolled bacon — against the same quantity of Mr Smith's, of Melbourne, ot Mr Matthewa'a of Geelong. The competitive ex hibition to come off in Melbourne within threa weeks from this date ; the loser to pay all neceB sary expenses incurred for transit and show of the goods. Judges, and place of exhibition can be appointed on acceptance of the challenge. I fur ther offer to show my hams and bacon against any imported from England, Ireland, or Scotland. — John Wilson, ham curer, Warrnambool, 14th ? August, 1862.' 