SPECIAL KELT -IOCS SERVICES. In compliance with the desire of the Commit fee of the iv.'anJe::e:d A5iiar.ee of (treat Britain, ex pressed in a circular issued by them suggesting a week of special prayer for IS ii to he observed ii urn January 5th to January I2;h, inclusive, various Christian denominations in Adelaide he'd the iiist service of the series on Sunday, nth inst. The object of the Committee is that the whole Church thi'o-.ehout t e world should set apart a wee'; at the beginning of the year for the simultaneous supplication of Coil's blessing during tiie en suing twelve months. Vfith a view of giving something of prevision and agreement to the order of worship, the Committee hare suggested various topics for thought and prayer tliroughout the w -el;. The subject recommended for the com mencement of the services was "The Holy .Spirit, and prayer for the Lord's blessing on the services of the week." YCe have received the following paiticulars of some of Sunday's services:— CoXGUVGATfOXAL OjTAPEt,, FKEEilAX-STKEET.— In the morning the Rev. Mr. Manthorpc delivered a discourse from Jlomans, S'-h cliapt r, 2tith atul 27th verses—" Likewise the Spirit also helpetli our infirmities; for we know not what we should pray for as we ought; but the Spirit itself maketh inter cession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered." "And be that seavcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because be maketh intercession f' ']• the saints according to the will of God." The Eev. Mr. Evan officiated in the evening, ami cliose as his text the 23th verse of the 24th chapter of Luke—" But they constrained hha, saying. Abide with us; for it is toward even ing, and tlie day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them." CoyGREGATrOXAL CHURCH, XORTH ADELAIDE.— i The Kev. C. W. Evan conducted the sersiee in the morning, and preached from tiie following words contained in Matthew, I till chapter 2Sth verse— "Cooie unto me all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." In the evening the Itev. <}. Stouehouse preached, took his text from Luke, 22nd chapter (list and (i2nd verses— "And the Lord turned and looked upon Peter, And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny jue thrice; and I'eter went outand wept bittcrlv."' Ebsxezee Cau'Er, Rcxdle-street.—The ser vices at this chapel were conducted by the Her. F. W. Cos, who enose for his text in the morning the 21st- verse of the 30th chapter of Jeremiah— "And their nobles shall lie of themselves, and their Governor shall proceed from the midst of them; aud I will cause him to draw near, and he siiab approach unto me ; for who is :liis that engaged iris heart to approach unto me 1 saith the Lord." In the evening, he dwelt on the vision described in the lirst ten verses of the 3~th cliapter of KzekieL Wesley an Chapel, Archer-street, Forth Adelaide.—The lie v. Wm. Brown preached in the morning. He chose his text from Acts, 2nd chapter 17th verse—"And it shall come to pass in the'last da3'tf, saith God, I will pour out of my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young iuen shall see visions and your old men shall dream dreams." In the evening the Kev. J. IS. Water house delivered a discourse from the following words in 51st Psalm Ilth verse—"And take not thv Holy Spirit front me." Wesley an Chapel, Pi f.te-st u eet.—The Ilev. Spencer Williams preached in the morning, and selected for his text the 45th verse of the Kith chapter of Acts—"And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that oti the Gentiles also was poured «ut the gift of the Holy Ghost." In the evening the Kev. W. Butters delivered a sermon from the bitii chapter of Jeremiah, 5th verse — " They shall ask tiie way to Zion with their faces thitherward, saying—Come, and let us join our selves to the Lord in a perpetual covenant that shall not he forgotteiL" Baptist Church, White's Rooms.—Divine service was conducted at White's Rooms by the Rev. S. Mead, both in the morning and evening. In the morning he preached from John, 14tli chapter anil part of the 28th verse—"The Com forter." Ke delivered a sermon in the evening from the lilth verse of the 5th chapter of the 1st Thessalonians, " Quench not the Spirit.'" Baptist Chapel, Lefeyre-terrace.—In the morning the Rev. Mr. ButtBeld, of Uley, preached from Hebrews, 10th chapter J3th verse—"From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool." The sermon in the evening was also delivered by the Rev. Mr. Buttflcld, tbe text being 1st Peter, 4th chapter 3rd verse—"For the time past of oar life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in laseivious ness, lusts, excess of wine, retellings, baniiuetiags, and abominable idolatries." Chalmers Fkex Church, Forth-terrace.— Sir. J. Gardner, the pastor of the church, preached both morning and evening. In the morning he took his text from the General Kpistle of James, 4th chapter 13th and 14th verses—"Go to now, ye that say to-day or to-morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and seli and get gain. Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appeareth for a little time and then vanisheth away." The text in the evening was also from the 4th chapter of James, the 15th, Kith, and 17th verses —"For that ye ought to say, 'If the Lord will we shall live and do this or that.' But now ve rejoice in your boastings; all such rejoicing is eriJ. Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin." ST. ANDREW'S CHCIICH, WaKEFTELD-STREET.— The Rev. R. Haming conducted the services at this church in the morning and evening. His text in the morning was the 2Jth verse of the 3rd chapter of Revelations—"Behold I stand at the door and knock.' preached in the evening from Hebrews, -1th chapter 1st verse—"Let us therefore fear lest, a promise being left us of entering into His rest, any of you should seem to come short of it." United Presbyterian Church, Gougf.r Street.—The Ue». James Lyatl delivered a dis course from 2nd Corinthians, 1th chanter (ith verse —"For God, who commanded the light to sliine out , of darkness, hath shincd in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ." In the evening he preached from Isaiah 44th chapter, 3rd, 4th, and 5tli verses —" For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my Spirit upon tu.v seed, and ray blessing upon tliiue offspring: And they shall spring up as among the grass, as willows by the watercourses. One shall say, I am the Lord's: and another sliall call him self liy the name of Jacob; and another shall sub scribe with his hand unto the Lord, and surname himself by the name of Israel." After service a prayer meeting in connection with the services of the week was held. EBENty.ES Baptist Chapel, MoRTn Adelaide. —?.Ir. George Prince, pastor of the church, j preached morning and evening. In the morning; liis text was Acts nix., 2—" He said unto them. Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him. We have no; so much as heard whether there ire any lioiy Ghost," In the evening, Mr. Prince preached from Genesis ix., 3(5—" And the how sliali he in the cloud, and I will look upon it that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of ail flesh that is upon the earth." Special sermons, of which no particulars have been forwarded for public >tion, were also held in other places of worship in the city, and also in the country. We have given the words of the texts which were used, although, in some instances, it was mentioned that they had not been especially selected in connection with tile movement The congregations were mostly about the average num bers. THE PRATER MEETINGS. On Monday, Januarys, thecentral prayer meeting was held in the Weslcyan Chapel, Pirie-street, the speciSc objects proposed being—"Humiliation and confession of sin, &:c., thanksgiving and praise for recent religious awakenings." The Rev. W. Butters presided, and commenced the service by giving out the 198th hymn, beginning "Jesus, Thy blood and righteousness." The Rev. C. W. Evan then read a portion of the 9th chapter of Daniel, and the Rev. \Vr. Harcus engaged iu prayer. The I7<Jth liymn having been sung, the Rev. J. Lyall offered prayer. This was followed by the singing of the 101th hymn, after which portions of the 7tli chapter of 1st Samuel ant 3iitl> Exodus were read by • he Roy. O, Prince. The Rev. J, Gardner engaged in prayer, followed after an interval of singing oy | the Rev, S. Keen. A. verse ef the 327th hymn was t then sting, and prayer offered by the Roy. F. TV. j Cox, after which the benediction was pronounced, aud the ineetiug concluded. The whole service 1 tycapied less than an hour ami a half, it being I thought desirable not to exceed that time. The : attendance was good, the ground floor of the spacious edifice being well filled, and tiie spirit of devotional fervour which the subject was well cal- i culated to excite uppeared to pervade the assembly, j On Tuesday evening the union prayer meeting ' was held in Chalmers Church, North-terrace, I presided over by the Kev. J. Gardner, the minister j of the church. The services were commenced by I the singing of a portion of the 5!st Psalm, after ! which the 31th chapter of 2nd Chronicles was i read. A letter from a Christian woman, desiring : an interest in the prayers of the meeting on behalf : ■of her unconverted husband and nine children, was j then read. The lievs. TV. Wilson, F. TV. Cox, J. j Lyall, and S. Keen successively engaged in prayer, I a verse of a psalm being sung and a suitable ' portion of Scripture perused between each. A , nariof the 1:14th psalm was nest sung, and the--] ; President concluded the meeting with prayer. The , j service terminated ahout half-past S. Kach peti tion was eanii'St, impressive, and to the point, the snecial object kept in view being the conversion of I the ungodly, the spread of vita! religion in the ! families of believers, among society in general, ! and among the authors of our literature in par ticular. About three-fourths of the seats in the j bal ding were occupied. ' On Wednesday evening the doors of St. Andrew's . Oburcli, TVaketield-street. and the Baptist Chapel, j Ijefevre-terraee, North Adelaide, were thrown i open for the third special united prayer meeting. ; in the former place the Rev. R. Haining presided, ami opened the proceedings by giving out part of the initli Psalin, beginning "According as the days have been,'" and reading the 35tU chapter of Isaiah. The Rev. J. Lvall then en gaged in prayer. The Rev. F. TV. Cox then read the lath ciureteral '/. vhnrifft and the Rev. Messrs. ' Gardner, Ussher, and Butters having offere! prayer, the meeting concluded with singing the tilth para- ■■ phrase. In North Adelaide the Rev. G. Stone house, minister of the church, presided, and, after stating the objects to be borne in mind in the j supplications to lie offered that evening, com menced the services by giving out the 573th hymn J in the Selection; after which the Rev. O. Slan- ; thorpe read the tilth chapter of Isaiah, and en gaged in prayer, followed by the Rer. 3. B. Water- ; house with the otud chapter of Isaiah and prayer, j Brethren Fornell, Bothill, and Bowring were ; severally called upon to offer prayer, each suDplica- ; t;on alternating with the smgingot a verse of a hymn. About half-past S the benediction was pronounced, ami the meeting brought to a close. In each place the attendance was comparatively small, which might doubtless be accounted for by the extreme heat of the weather. The fourth united prayer meeting was held on Thursday night. January !), in Freeman-street Congregational Chapel. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. C. W. Evan, who commenced the service by giving out the 829 h hymn, after which the Rev. J. Lyall read the 4tn of_ Epbesiaus. The devotional exeicises, which were interspersed by the singing of appropriate hvmns, were con ducted by the Rev. W. Wilson, Mr. Allan Webb, (lie Rev. W. Buyers, the Rev. rt. Keen, and Mr. W. K. Thomas. The prayers offered on the special J subjects for file evening—the Church of God and • the Christian Ministry—were fervid and suitable, and appeared to produce a solemnizing effect on ■ the numerous auditory. The meeting was con eluded about the usual time by the singing of the ifoxo'ogy. Special prayer meetings, baring the same object in view, were also held ill other places in town and in the surrounding villages. The fifth united Prayer Meeting was held on Friday night. January Id, in Gouger-street United Presbyterian Chapel, on which occasion the Rev. j -Jaines Lyall presided, and after giving out the | 117!h Hymn, announced that the special oliicct for the evening's meditation was "The Word of God: its increased diffusion and influence." The , Ber. S. Ussher then read chap. 2of 1st Corinthians, ] fo! owed hv the Rev. J. Gardner with prayer. The Chairman then perused several portions of Holv i Writ suitable to the subject. The Rev. Messrs. j Butters. Mead, Hancock, and Cox severally offered praver, a hymn being sung between each petition, and the Rev, S. Keen read a portion of Scripture. I All the supplications were strictly confined to the j subject suggested. The President then intimated that a number of ministers had met af'er the j services on Thursday evening to tal;e into con siders' ion the desirability of terminating the | course of prayer meetings with the united celebra- : tion of the Lord's Supper. The proposal had met with the hearty concurrence of all present, and it was then aeieed that it should take p'ace on Mon day, frith January, in the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie st eet, to commence at 7 o'clock. It was also requested that the ministers should meet at half past The doxologv being sung and the bene diction pronounced, the assembly dispersed. The attendance was pretty large, and those present seemed for the most part imbued with the importance of the subject under consideration. The Wees of Prayer.—A correspon dent, writing from Morpliett Vale, says:—"On Sunday last wc commenced tlie special religious services suggested l)y the circular issued by tlie Committee of the Evangelical Ailiauee. The Ilev. D. Badger preached in the morning from the words, "I will put my Spirit within you,*" and in the evening taking for his text "Be not drunk with wine, whcrc.n is excess, hut be filled with the Spirit."' A prayer meeting was held in the even ing, after service; and prayer meetings are being held every evening this week for the special objects mentioued in the circular." Trinity Church.—A meeting was 3ield in the Schoolroom of Trinity Church on Mouday eveuing, tlie (itli instant, to consider an oiler for the endowment of the Church made by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. The con ditions were that £10 a year should be given to Trinity Church upon a subscription of £150 being voluntarily raised, and the trust deed being altered so as to comply with the fundamental provisions of the Synod." Tlie Very Bcv. the Dean occupied the chair. Only about 15 persons were present. After some discussion it was ultimately decided, as none of the trustees were in attendance, and as the terms of the oll'cr required several alterations in the trust deed, that the meeting should be adjourned a fortnight iu order to consult with the trustees. The usual compliment to the chair closed the proceedings. Primitive Methodist Chapel, Tynte street, Isolith Adelaide.—A correspondent has ■sent the following"Three sermons were preached in the above Chapel on Sunday, January 5, by the llev. James Bead, newly appointed to the circuit. Subjects selected for meditation were, hi the morning, 'The Conqueror Conquered afternoon, 'Echoes from the Departed Year;' evening, 'The Crystal Itiver." On the Monday, at half-past 5, about 100 persons partook of an excel lent tea, gratuitously provided by the friends. After tea a public meeting was held, Mr. 1". Bead (Circuit Steward) presided. Addresses were de livered by the l'evds. G. Warner and J. Bead. Messrs Munns, Champion, Miliarj, Wylie, and TurnbulL Tlie proceeds of the services were £20, which will be appropriated to tbe Trust Fund." AdelaideManisgVentore.—Ameeting of the shareholders in the Adelaide Mining Venture propriety _ pauy. About eighteen gentlemen were present. Mr. Vtr. C. Crane was voted to the chair. Mr. L. B. Matthews, the Secretary, read the Directors' report and the financial statement, which showed a halaucc of £107 19s. 9d. remaining to credit of the Company. He stated that 31 shareholders had only paid £3—one- half the amount of each share, and eight had not made any payments | whatever. He had written to each of" them, threatening the forfeiture of their shares in default j of payment by a certain time, hut he had not re- 1 ceived any replies. Several shareholders spoke against the non-payment of the shares; and it i was considered by every one present that great : injustice had been done to those who had paid ihe , full amount, £10. Mr. Wliitragt-oii stated his j belief that under Mr. Morphea's Act steps could j he taken against the defaulters, and said he considered it would be advisable to procure legal advice. Some of the shareholders agreed with Mr. Whitingtou that the parties who had not paid up ; should not be allowed to escape scot-free; but ' others were of opinion they were legally exonerated by tbe Secretary's letter, although that was no excuse for their conduct. On the motion of Mr. Hines, seconded by Mr. Durieu, the names of de faulting shareholders were submitted to the meet iug. Mi. Mclntyre proposed the adoption of the report. Mr. Whitington moved—"That this meet do stand adjourned till this day fortnight, January , 21, and that the Secretary confer with Messrs. ; Bagot & Labatt as to the position of the share- J holders who have not paid up." The Secretary said that, as a legal man, he considered they had ( no claim on those shareholders, and would not he j able to recover from thetn. After some further ' discussion, it was moved as an amendment bv the j Secretary, and seconded—"That 110 recourse lie 1 had to litigation." Mr. G. O. Cooper proposed, j an-.l Mr. liines seconded—" That the report be adopted." Mr. Whitiugton's motion was lost, and the other two carried. On the motion of Mr. Cooper, seconded by Mr. Hines. £20 was voted to the Secretary for liis sen-ices. Mr. Diirieu moved— " Tiiat the names of those shareholders who have not paid up be struck oif the list." Mr. Mclntyre seconded, and the motion was carried. It was then decided that the money remaining to the credit of the Company should be divided pro ra'a ou the paid-up shares, and that one guinea should be given to each of the Auditors. The business closed with the usual compliment to the chair. United Teases' Mixing Association. —A meeting of the shareholders in the United Trades' Mining Association was convened for Friday, January 10, at the Hotel Europe, Grenfell street. There were only about half-a-dozen per sons present. The Hon. J. M. Solomon was voted to the chair. He stated that, in accordance with a resolution passed at a meeting of the share holders, held on August 8 last, the Directors had proceeded to develop the property as far as their means would allow, and he reported that a balance | of £25 was now in hand. The implements and tools would also have to he disposed of. Mr. Wrn. S. Miller proposed, and Mr. W. S. 'Whitington seconded, "That the Directors be instructed to realize the tools, &c.;, on the mine and make a dividend of the available funds, and that the leases shall be held over until their expiration." The motion was carried, and this closed the proceed ings. , Section- 375, Wallaroo.—A general meeting of the shareholders in this Company was called by advertisement for Friday, the 10th inst., at the Hotel Europe. There was at the appointed time a very thin attendance, and after a short delay the Hon. J. M. Solomon took the chair and lead the report of the Directors. The document was not long, but it was very straightforward; it stated that the Directors had endeavoured to carry out the wishes of the shareholders, but felt con strained to report that in their opinion it was perfectly useless to proceed further with the venture, as there was no sign of copper nor any reasonable grounds for hoping that they would find copper. The Directors had felt it their duty to make this report before the funds in hand had been expended; and there was a balance available of £13112s. 3d. The tools were recommended to be sold, and there was a claim against a share holder for £10 not paid up. Altogether it was estimated that there would, when the tools, &c;„ were realized, be a dividend of about £1 las. per share. It was resolved to have the tools sold, and a dividend of the available balance declared as soon as possible. South Australian Cricket Club.—At a meeting of the South Australian Cricket dub, held at the Gresham Hotel, King William-street, on Friday, January 10, it was resolved to play the return match with the Union Club on Tlmrsday liext, and the arrangements for the event were placed in the hands of a Committee which liad been appointed on a previous occasion. 