LONGFOIID. (From our own Correspondent.) Tuesday. Nov. Jflfli. Tlic Ringwood election is the grea theme of conversation out here, and many are the surmises as to the result The great Woolocrats arc confident of the success of Mr. Bartlcy's nominee, Mr. Clerlce, whilst the small fanners, shop keepers and tradesmen are working hard for their man Mr. Houghton, and freely ' bet two to one iu his favor. There is no doubt but thai this election will decido . one great question. And that is whether ! we of Longford and Cressy are to be ruled by the dominating power of Theo- 1 dorc Bartley, Esquire, monarch of all he , surveys— both great and small — or whe- ! ther tbe ten pound voter is to be allowed the liberty of opinion, and freedom of expression guaranteed to him by the great constitution under which we live. No better evidence of tbe desire to crush ' and crumble up all the smaller electors can be given than tbe address of the great Frederick Maitland Inncs, once so well known out here in conjunction with'the late Charles Reid, and John Pooler. To read his hiffli conservative address, one would think that he wns something more than the subsidised scribbler for the late Charley Reid and the late John Pooler on both sides the question of their disputes, as well as the Trustee whose . companion ship ' Pooler's Ghost' when flitting over Nickoll's store by midnight, so often, in sepulchral wails, bemoans the loss of. limes, in his address, published in this morning's ' Examiner, speaks with be coming contempt of the ' ten pound electors,'-and as being the personification of ' democratic extravagance,' speaks of ignominioustrucklers ' to the passions of the least instructed class of voters '—he calls the ten pound householders a ' mi gratory class,' and says, in other words, tbat he will never be happy .until they arc destroyed. I hope you will take this impudent boaster to task, and snow who he is that he speaks so contemptuously of his poorer (?), but more honest than liiinself, fellow colonistB. THE CRors. The continued drought js making ter rible havock with our crops. If we do not have rain soon, the result will be moBt disastrous. Many of our farmers have boeu compelled to turn their cattle into fields which, some short time since, promised abundant hat vents of both wheat and oats. And the dried, hurtit-nv ap pearance of the country in every direc tion is truly alarming. 