THE DISTRESS IN THE COTTON DISTRICTS. ( from the Tunes' often Reporter J Preston, August 22. IT is impossible, even if one had never heard of the cotton famine, to travel many miles through this district without being struck by the signs of the great calamity which has befallen it. The thick smoky curtain which ordinarily hangs between Heaven and earth over each centre of industry has been lifted up, there is an unaccustomed glare of sunlight and in atmoSphere unusually bright and clear. On every side giant factories which were the support of so many thousands stand mute and motionless, without a sign of life about them- their tall chimneys belch out no more long black clouds of smoke only here and there a streamlet of thin vapour, lost almost as soon as it issues forth, speaks of "half-time" and wages reduced just short of starvation point. In the towns the evidences of the fast deepening stagnation are still more striking, though in Preston, which I selected for my first visit, they are not so apparent as in many places where the real distress is much less severe. Indeed, I must own that my first impression on walking through the streets was that the pictures which have been drawn of the state of the town wore overcharged, and that the startling figures and facts which had been issued on official authority must be fallacious. Perhaps it will be better, therefore, to relate what I BOW and heard on that point before describing the efforts which have been made to relieve the distress under which they were suffering. AS I said, I began with Preston, because it was the town which was described as having received the severest blow from the stoppage of the supply of cotton, For this there are several causes. From the peculiar quality of the manufacture, which for the most part requires cotton of a very fine quality, which has hitherto been supplied almost entirely from one source-New Orleans-it suffered immediately -fell upon' the five months since the want of employment began to be felt. The great strike which took place here nine years ago, and the panic of 1857, which stopped many mills, wasted the resources of the operatives, and they had hardly had time to recover themselves when the present pressure came on. Of the total population of Preston, 82,900, it is calculated that 26,000 are in one way or other engaged in the cotton mills, and of these 12,460 are altogether out of employment, 5697 are working half time, 3020 four days a week, and 6070 are at present working full time. To put it in a more striking form, there are now 10,553 persons receiving relief from the parish funds, of whom more than 8000 are due to the present distress, and the relief committee has on its books 22,690 persons, some of whom receive relief from the parish, and some do not. Taking the two lists together, I believe it is under the mark to say that there are at least 23,000 in the town out of a population of 82,000 who live entirely on charity, and the number is daily increasing. But even this is not all-for I very soon found that the relief lists by no means measured the whole amount of privation and suffering, for the greater part of those working half-time are scarcely, if at all, better off than the absolute paupers. A large proportion of Indian cotton is now being used at the mills which still continue to run, but being assisted to the machinery it is extremely difficult to work, and the hands can make hardly any wages with it. "Half-time" is by no means synonymous with half-wages. I was in not a few houses where a whole family depended on a pittance of 5s., 6s., or 8s. earned by one of its members, and where to all appearances the distress was as severe as it all of them had been totally unemployed. Fortunately the worst of such cases as these are included in the operations of the Relief Committee. The whole amount of wages lost to the operatives by the failure of employment is calculated at £13,000 a week-the place of which is supplied by a weekly dole, which last week a amounted to a little over £1000 ; so that, in round numbers, each of the relieved population, including men, women, and children, is deprived of as many of the necessaries and comforts of life to say nothing of saving and provision for the future can be purchased for something short of 10s. a week. TheRe general figures, though startling enough, but faintly express the actual privation which many poor creatures are suffering here. If I had confined my visits to the poorest quarter of the town-to places where good wages are spent recklessly on the belly and back, and where there is always more or less of poverty, and no thinking of to-morrow I might easily pile up cases of squalid misery hardly to be equalled in the most degraded dens of the metropolis. For instance, in one court I found a poor woman with three children whose husband had three days' parish work and an extra relief of three shillings, in all six shillings a-week for the five. All their furniture was gone but a table and two chairs, and all five slept in one bed, which was placed in a dark hole with not a ray of light finding its way into it such as we should hardly think too good to store coals in. All their clothes had been pawned, and most bitterly of all did the poor woman lament a good black suit of her husband which was in for 10s., and which they could never hope to redeem. Their earnings in good times had been about 25s. a-week. In the same court was another family in equal straits. Six people had to live on 8s. a-week, which the husband earned by working half-time ; all were reduced to one bed, the other two having been long ago sold to keep the wolf from the door, and the whole family had just one sheet to lie on and and a quilt to cover them. In another house I saw a sight which will be before my eyes for many a day to come. It was a little low stone-floored room, its only furniture a table, a stool, and a bed. On the bed was stretched a wretched object, I could not tell whether it was man or a woman, worn to the bone-a very skeleton, in fact, her body covered with putrid acres, with not a rag on her, literally naked but for the coarse sheet which was spread over her. The bed on which she lay was a rough brown sacking stuffed with a handful of straw. She had lain there I don't know how long ; her husband had lain there before her, and died on the some bed. She was the mother of two girls, factory operatives, who earned or were relieved with a few shillings I forget how many, for I own that I was too much shocked at what I saw to listen to figures. One can only hope, for the credit of the relieving officer, that this terrible case had escaped his notice, otherwise he would surely have strained or broken a rule, or had this miserable creature removed from the wretched den in which I found her. Even among a somewhat better class the suffering is hardly less extreme, and sad were the tales to which I had to listen of the gradual descent from comfort to utter destitution. In one little house, huddled all together, was a family of eleven, all of whom had been twenty-eight weeks out of work, and for fifteen of these they had existed on something less than 1s. per head. The Belief Com mittees had just raised their pittance to 16s for the eleven. Before the bad times the family earnings had been about £3 lost., and they had had to part with nearly all their furniture. In a cellar, living with another family, I came upon a man and his wife and three children, who for weeks had been living on 6s. 6d. for the five. They had formerly lived in a house of their own, neatly furnished, but the landlord had turned them out when they did not pay their rent, and their furniture had absolutely Bil disappeared but a bed, a pan, and a kettle. Close by were a man and his wife with three girls and two boys, all over ten years of age, living on 10s. a-week. This family, too, had only one bed among them, and the children slept on the bare boards; But perhaps the strongest illustrations of the distress actually chargeable on the present crisis are the cases of respectable men who have hitherto kept themselves in comfort, and endeavoured to provide for old age and infirmity. There was no difficulty in finding plenty of these. At one house I visited a young couple, not long married, who between them had earned over £2 a-week. They had both been out of work for some time, and when their savings were exhausted they had at last applied to the parish. Their present income was exactly 5s. 6d. a week, out of which their rent was 2s. 7d., leaving them 3s. a-week for subsistence. Another young couple had 2s. a-week from the Relief Committee ; but, living with their parents, they had no rent to pay. In the next house there were four grown-up people living whose united incomes amounted to 9s., out of which they had to pay 2s. rent. A little further on, I came on an overseer with a family of five children. His salary had been 30s. a-week, and though he had been out of work for more than a twelvemonth, he had managed to struggle on till about a fortnight ago, when, all his resources being exhausted, he had been compelled to apply for relief, and was now receiving, from one source or another, about 9s. a-week. An old woman and two daughters, both of them over twenty-five years of age-one employed half-time, the other receiving relief- had among them 4s. 6d. a-week. A highly respectable recil-hook-maker- whose wife cried bitterly as she told me her story-is earning, with the aid of one of his boys, 7s. a-week, which has to keep four of them, by dredging stones from the bed of the river. They had pawned all their clothes and much of their furniture before applying to the Relief Committee. I might go on for another column with cases of a similar character, but I have selected sufficient, I think, to show the common destitution in which all classes of operatives here, whatever may have been their previous position, are now plunged. So far as it is possible to get an average of the measure of relief poor relief and Relief Committee combined - I should say that it could not be more than from 1s. 6d. to 1s. 8d. per head and in very many cases which came under my own observation it did not amount to that ; that is to say, the unemployed operatives and a large proportion of those on half time on the most favourable representation of the state of things are sustaining themselves and their families for about Is. 6d per head per week, and many of them, as we have seen, for less. A. very small proportion of this is actual money for the Relief Committee relieve wholly in kind-bread, soup, and coffee and the guardians half in kind and half in money, But, whatever be the slender sum of ready money which finds its way into their pockets, they have to pay their rent out of it, varying according to the locality, from 1s. 6d. to 3s. 6d. a week, or at least, they ought to pay it, but the owners of cottage property, especially those who are soft-hearted, are among the severest sufferers by the crisis. I have heard of one owner who has already lost £400 in this way, and who is now losing regularly £20 a-week by the inability of his tenants to pay their rents. As a general rule, I am glad to say there has been unusual forbearance shown by landlords, though I have heard of several cases where the poor creatures have been ruthlessly thrust into the street as soon as they began to run into swear. To avoid this fate they will often pay the rent when they have not a morsel of food in the house, or will pawn their bedding, clothes, or furniture. With too many of them the season for these expedients is past. Most of their property is gone, the pawnbrokers' shops are full, and one of the largest pawnbrokers in the town told me to-day that it is a fortnight at least since he had any pledge of this test offered at his gb Op. XKo articles wVinV. are now finding their way to him are the stock in trade of the small shopkeepers who begin to feel the pressure of ti,,,?.","«,. ""J especially of the 3s. rate which is now being levied wiiUoomc tincnieiilngs of rigour. This is a class of the population very much to be pitied. Most of those who depend on the factory operatives have suffered severely some are not doing a quarter of their accustomed business, and a few are already ruined altogether. I have been in two or three shops, which were really nothing but an array of empty cases-the mere ghosts of shops no goods for sale of any sort-and shopkeepers living, like their customers, from the parish or the Relief Committee. In one shop I cleared out the last remnants of the stock by purchasing a modest parcel of local sweetmeats for the swarms of children in the next court, and the woman who served me said it was the first sale she had made for three weeks. The children, by the way, so far as I have seen, for the most part continue to look healthy, though in many cases the poorness of their food, or the long continuance of meat diet, have shown themselves in scorbutic diseases. They are worse off in the matter of clothing, and many I saw moving about with nothing more than a thin cotton dress, and perhaps a petticoat, to cover them. What I have described may not perhaps be actual starvation, but it only just stops short of it. A considerable proportion of the population of the town have managed to keep body and soul together on this fare for the last six or nine months. Numbers are descending into their condition daily, and as the resources of the provident classes are exhausted the distress must get wider. To-day two shopkeepers and a publican were taken " on the list of the relief committee, which shows that the evil is gradually rising to the class above the operatives. The praises which have been bestowed on the men for their conduct at this trying time, so far as I have seen, is thoroughly deserved ; they accept their misfortunes with resignation and bear them with fortitude. There has been a good deal of grumbling at the harshness and incivility of some of the guardians, and at the labour test-to which I shall have to refer hereafter-but, with these exceptions, the men have borne themselves with wonderful cheerfulness. The loudest complainant I have heard is "Whistling Dick," a half-silly beggar who gets his living by whistling through the streets, and who, finding his harmony totally unremunerative at present, threatens to transfer himself to some other more liberal community. Besides him I have not seen a single beggar in the streets. Another fact which is very creditable to the men is that the police books show a decided decrease of crime. All the charges recorded are mostly petty offences committed by young lads, who are allowed to run wild about the street, no provision having yet been made either to employ them usefully or send them to school. SEWAGE op TOWNS The Select Committee on the Sewage of Towns has just concluded its inquiries, and the report may be soon expected. The following is a summarised analysis of the evidence. As regards the value of town sewage, in reference to its ingredients, as compared with other manures, liquid and solid, the evidence proves that it contains the elements of every crop that is grown ; it does not lose anything by evaporation ; it comes into immediate action on the crop, and possesses an amount of heat which stimulates vegetation, and even its water is of great benefit for agricultural purposes. The Belgians consider the excretion of each person worth more than £1 per ton. The sewage permanently improves the land, and has been applied, most economically by hose and jet, with great advantage to common grasses Italian rye grass roots, and grain crops. The grass FOR stimulated is grateful to cattle, improves their constitution, and increases the quantity and richness of the milk of cows, as the earth not only absorbs, but deodorise s it, if it be not applied in too large quantities. Indeed, to be profitably used, it must be applied in slight dressings, and so employed it will supersede the use of guano and artificial manures. It may be applied at any time of the year, except during hard frosts, to every description of soil which is naturally or artificially drained and the most profitable returns, as in the case of all other manures, will be obtained when it is applied to the beat soil. There are in it matters of themselves injurious to vegetation, but they bear so small a proportion to the entire bulk as to be perfectly harmless. If applied as recommended -i. e., in slight dressings-no nuisance would be created by its use, the earth, as has been said, deodorising it but it cannot with profit be manufactured into a solid manure. Times, Tu* PINNY TO THE WArrBB.-There-U-»good I story going the round of the Paris newspapers. And agitation has been, it appears, for some time on foot I for abolishing the douceur of two sons given, from time immemorial, to the person who brings you your demi-train or your glass of absinthe in a coffee-house. Lately a customer at one of the most fashionable cafes in Paris paid his reckoning without adding thereto the ordinary copper compliment to the waiter. This functionary said nothing, but regarded the customer, who was an old habitue of the establishment, with a look of blank remonstrance tacitly enforcing explanation. " Alphonse," said the customer, kindly but firmly, I am very sorry that I belong to the society for giving nothing to waiters." " Oh, Men. near, me dates pas co," cried Alphonse, " you are an old pratique, and, in that case, I may hint to you that I, and Eugene, and Louis yonder, all belong to the society for accidentally spilling hot coffee over the trousers of stingy customers." The member of the society for giving nothing to waiters immediately pressed ten centimes into Alphonse'a hand, and went on his way, a sadder and wiser man. DIVING BELLS CAUSING DEAFNESS correspondent writes :-" Li the May number of The Leisure Hour, page 320, there is a notice of the diving bell at the Polytechnic, A word of warning to those who think of descending might be useful deafness is occasionally the result. A young lady, a friend of mine, went down in the bell seven or eight years ago. She felt a little pain in her ears at the time. On coming up again, it was found that the hearing in one ear was almost entirely destroyed, and in the other ear greatly injured. I saw her last week, and, although she h as had the best medical advice, she has not improved in the least. She will, I fear, be deaf for life. Other instances have been mentioned to me. This is the only one I have myself met with." j.n.r, 