In tlio Legislative Assembly, yesterday, In reply to Mr, A. ,T. Smith, Mr. Andebson eaid it was not the intention of the Govern ment to establish bonded warehouses at present i Buch towns as Ball so rat, Custlemaine, or Sandhurst but when the question of customs' amendment came before Parliament, there would be an opportunity of considering the subject. In answer to Mr. Vordon, Mr O'Shaxassy stated that the Government had no intention of amending the Civil Service Act, at presont, but when any amendments woro mado, any case of hardship, such as that of tho tide- waiters in tho Customs, not being benefited by the Act, as tho lockers are, would not be overlooked. In auswer to Mr. Richardson, ' Mr. Johnston said tho lowest estimate for supplying Geelong with water was L254,000, and ho cortainly was not prepared to recom mend suoh an expenditure at present. Mr. RrcnAi!d30n said Geelong would bo very well content, if only the odd amount of L5it,000 wore dovotod to them at present. In answer to Mr. M'Grcgor, Mr. .Wood said ho hoped tho Insolvency Bill would be ready in two or three weeks. In answer to Mr, Orkney, Capt. M'Mahon said the Government had no intention of subsidising any road district for which no board was in existence prior to tho 1st November last. In answer to Mr. M'Lellan, Mr. Humffray, on behalf of tho Mining Commission, stated that before presenting its report to the Government, the commission intended to visit Ararat, and revisit Ballaarat ; and, aftor that, tho report would bo presented os soon as possible. Mr. Andbbson moved that tho House, on Friday, resolve itself into committoo of tbo whole, to consider tho propriety of amending the laws relating to tho Customs in certain particulars. Mr. Don took that early opportunity of calling the attention of tho House and the country to tho foot, that the Government woro purely a freo trado Ministry, and intended rather to tax the merchants and proprietors of bonded warehouses, than to protect native industry, by taxing tho goods placed in them, which woro producod by tho foreign labourer. Hie lion, member then launched into a sharp attack upon tho " brainlessness " of ministers and tho necessity of " importing " others ; his remarks being listened to witli marks of unqualified amusemont on tho part of the House. Mr. DuFFr donied that tho Government had any intention whatever of levying any fresh taxes. Mr. M'Cann was anxious an opportunity should bo given to tho Houso of showing who were, and who wore not, protectionist members, The motion wos then agreed to. Mr. Wood obtained lcavo to bring in a bill for tho furthor amendment of tho law. His object was not to touch tho law as it affected tho Supremo Court, but chiefly os it related to mercantile transactions. The bill was read a first time. Mr. Ibelaxd, referring to tho Indictable OlTences Bill, stated that the gcnoral measure would bo split into fivo different ones, in order to liarmoniso legislation with tho Imperial law. Tho course wos a mere necessary re-arrange ment. The order for the second reading of tho bill was thou discharged, and tho bill was withdrawn. The question that tho estimates bo referred to Committee of Supply being agreed to, tho Speaker left the chair, and the House wont into committeo. Mr. Haines moved that 1,310 lis Gil bo voted to defray tho supplementary estimate of tho Chief Secretary's department, and com menced his financial statement .by roviewing tho monetary position of tho colony at tho oloso of tho years 1861 and 1682. Tho Go vernment contemplated no increased taxation. Having alluded to tho estimated revenue up to tho 31st October, 1862, ns being 1.2,949,826 14s 4d, ho stated tho rovonuo aotually received during that period, at L2, 495, 070 13s 8d. Tho possiblo furthor receipts to tho end of tho year would bo L66B,475. Taking tho credit balance available from 1860, and tho savings on votes, tho dobit balance for 1862 would bo reduced to L50,170 17a Id. Mr. Hainos next reforrod to the savings effected in the department of tho Chief Secretary, tho Attorney General, and Iho Treasurer, and, reverting to tho finance of the current year, pronounced the estimate of tho remaining revenue, namely LG68,475, on exceedingly moderate one, and likely to be fully realised, if not .exceeded. Tho total amount voted by -special appropriation was L3, 138, 416 6s 6d, and the anticipated supplementary estimate was about L38,000, making a . total of L3, 176,416 6s Gd. Tho total saving on the actual money voted for 1862 would boat least L120, 000. Tho probable balance from 1862 available for the year 18G3, would be L56,958 12s Id. Ho did not for ono moment intend to deny that a largo portion of the revenue of tho curront year was derived from the sales of land, but it wob always exceedingly difficult, in this colony, from various causes, to calculate the exact amount likely to be received from tho customs, and he did not, therefore, conceive that lie had laid himself opeu to censure on that Bcore. Tho lion, gentleman then went through tho various articles on which tho customs revenuo for the current year, had cither fallen short of tho estimated amount or exceeded it, and traced the causee of tliOBe fluctuations in tho varying relations of tho population, especially to tho doorcase in the number of maleB, and therefore of tbo consumption of certain promi nent dutiable articles ; to the steadily diminish ing consumption of most artioles, except tea and sugar, for somo years past; to. illicit distillation ; and, as far as oigars and.wiuo, were concerned, to tho large quantities taken but of bond at tho oloso of 1861, end to the increasing consumption of colonial wines. Tobacco had fallen olf, partly, perhaps, in consequence of the heavy amount of tho duty. The amount derived from excise had fallon Bhort of the estimate by LI 1,763, while tho territorial revenue had been, of courso, much in exoess of the esti mate. Referring to the income derived : from Public Works, tho hon. gentleman explained that tho deficiency in the receipts was pretty nearly equalised by tho decroaso in tho esti mated expenditure, caused by the non-com pletion of certain works. Water rates hod produced only L10,000, instead of L60,000. Tho gross amount received from railways had been L215,511, and he expected to receive L80.009 on tho remaining two months of the year. Tho total deficiency on tho Public Works estimate of rovonuo was L122.G21, Ports and harbours had yielded an excess; and from tho item " Miscellaneous" ho anti cipated an excess of L24.000. Reverting to the amounts derived from territorial sources, the hon. gentleman avowed a gross deficit in the items of export duty, minors' rights, .bust-' ncss lieenoes, and leases of auriferous lands, of L296.830,' and wont on to show how the Gio- vcrnment proposed to extinguish it "by tlio money received from tho sale of Crown Lands. This latter omount, by the close of the year, would como to aboiit L321, 912, and in creased by L45,359 to bo derived from pastoral . occupation rents, would givo a gross total of L367,271. Deducting tho deficit on the year, the credit balance on 1862 would be L70,441. Ae to tho cry of tho Opposition thot tho Crown Lands had been squandered away, lie might, for himself, be disposed to join in it, tut it was, in fact, immaterial, Bpcaking financially whence he got the money, so as ho had got it. Tho hon. gentleman then proceeded to discuss the proposod expenditure for tho ensuing . year 1863\. Tho vote for education was 1.100,000. No vote would be taken for Her Majesty's ships in tho colonial waters. Defences would cost L120,000, a leBs sum tliau that asked for by tho Dcfenco Commission. Charitable and municipal institutions would absorb a loss sum than heretofore, owing to tho operation of tho i local bodieB. It was contemplated to erect ' throe new lunatic asylums, for which the Go vernment proposed to borrodr L250.000 at six per cent, and L20.000 had, therefore been placed on tho estimates towards tho annual paymont of the interest, aud lbs establishment of a sinking fund in liquidation. He anticipated that the whole 1 dobt would bo paid in 23 yi ars. The amount for immigration was .small, as the requiromont was now provided for by tho Land Act. To moot tho general expenditure for the year, it was not contemplated to imposo any now taxes- A revenuo of L3,c00,000 was surely enough for tho colony, and ho hoped that tho expendi ture would be still. furthor rcducod in succeed ing years, and not a little by tho relief which ' tho development wliioh lonnl bodies would af ford to the shoulders of tho central Govern ment. Frjm tho customs ho expected n revenue of L994,500, though the itom of spirits would no doubt bo aflectod by tho consumption of colonial beverages, and by. distillation porhaps to lite amount of LIO.OOO. Wine would not yield more than in 1862. Tho learned gentleman went . rapidly through tho other customs articles, and passing to tho head of excise, noticed, that tin' amounts from publicans', brewers', and spirit merchants' licences would in future he handed over to tho local bodies, and did not therefore appear in tho estimates. Tho othor item would givo L22.G00. The' Tentorial income would be swollon by tho increased rent paid by the squatters, end gave iu all LI, 133, 509. Miners' rights and certain other items had not yicldod all that thoy ought to liavo done. Tho Railways would probably givo L10,000 n week. Water rates would yield nothing this - yoar, but whon the mains were, extended would givo a largo income. Ices and forfeitures would fall off in conscqucnco of being handed over to local bodies. The sola of dobenturos to tho banks had been profitably effected, and the Government deposits would also pay . good interest. Capital should bo encouraged by our legislation os well as labour, nrid agriculture and pastoral pursuits should go hand in hand- IiiBtcad of arriving at an indisorimiuating equality, tho eim of legislation (looking to.lilo publio mind in England) should be to ensure progress nnd prosperity by tho encouragement of enterpriso and capita'. Mr. Vbiidon moved that the chairman report progress, and ask leavo to sit again on Friday, so that hon. members might have timo to consider the financial statement and oxamino tbo balance sheet. Mr. O'Shanasoi thought that tho hon. member should have come forward with some thing more definite. The statomont of tho Treasurer was not calculated to provoke discussion,' as no additional taxation wos contemplated. The income and expenditure for tho ensuing year wcro about balanced, and as to the vole for lunatic asylums, which was, perhaps, a novel feature, it was intended to borrow the money and pay off tho interest yoarly ; and when the subject came definitely before tho House, honourable members could discuss it fully. Ho deprecated these con tinual adjournments as calculated to retard tho policy of the country. ;i. Mr. Yeedon explained that several I hon. members sitting behind the Chief Secretary had asked him (Mr. Veidon) to move tlio ad journment, in order that they might ! liavo timo to consider the 'estimates. Mr. Heai.es objected to the unwillingness manifested by the Chief Secretary to allow any one but himself to carry on tho basinees of tho country. Snob a system of intimidation must bo' resisted. Ttioro were many impor tant points of polioy in tho Estimates to bo considered. Tho borrowing of a quarter of a million of money, and the large, reduction in the votes for roads and bridges woro- instances in point. Tho Chief Secrotary met every pro posal of the Opposition witli tho " bogey" cry of " want of confidence." Mr. '' Dufpy apprehended that . tho hon. member (Mr.. Hkalks) had cor tainly not mastered the estimates. The loan of a quarter of a million would, of course, bo tho subject of a regular bill, nnd the con struction of roads and biidges would-be effected' largely by local bodies. There waa nothing now in the estimates. Mr. M'Lellax supported the motion for adjournment. | Mr. Haines hod no objection to tho ad journment, but hoped that it was not intended to throw any unnecessary delay in the way of passing tho estimates, it was djsirablo ; they should bo passcd.bcfore tho end of the year. . Tho CnAiBJtlN-then reported progress, and obtainod leavo to sit ngain on Friday. j . ' ' , Tho second reading of the Laeal Government Bill was postponed till Friday. >' : Dr. Macjcay moved tho presentation of on address to His Excellency for the appointment of a commission in reference to the affaire, of Gipps Land. . . Mr. Moeton seconded the motion. : i .., Afters few words from Mr. Howard, ; , Mr, O'Shanassy said the requirements of Gipps Land wero fully impressed on the. va-. rious departments of tho Government, and much information 'upon it had recently! been acquired. He trusted, therefore, that tho lion, and learned member would withdraw his mo tion. ; Mr. Levey soid that if tho commission' woro granted, every .oilier district would be expecting a Bimilor courso to be followed. I - , Dr. Mackay consented to withdraw tho' motion. | ' . Mr. Duffy laid upon the table a copy of the protest entered against, tho conduct of the land officer at Campcrdown. Mr. Pope moved that the evidence taken bv tho 'soloot , committeo of last' session on tho: police -force of tlio colony, together with all documents presented' to' tho committee, and .the ohorges, to which tho-ovidenoo. referred, bo laid oii the table. " ' After considerable discussion, the dobato wob adjourned, on tho motion . of Mr. Hioin- hoi ii am, until tho 3rd D cember, in conse quence of a motion bearing on the subject standing 'in the name of Mr. Frszer, for the 2nd Docomber. i ; The resolutions' relativo to the superannu ation and compensation of seliobl board bfileora were agreed to in committee, and reported to tho House. The 'remaining' business wos postponed, and tlio House! niljmrned uiitil half-past four o'clock on Thursday. If Mr. HaInes does not possess the Glnds'tonean facility of investing figures with the charm of poetry, his financial statement- is ns delightfully vague as the most romantic and unre liable Chancellor of the - Exchequer could desire. While other Treasurers cast so roseate' a Into over thoir balance- sheet that a deficiency looks like a surplus, he has the unhappy knack ol floundering and blundering over; his. figures. until most persons imagine that" the weak, washy, everlasting flood is employed to conceal a deficiency. If his resume of ihe condition of the public Exchequer last night did not bring conviction to the most dunderheaaed member of the Opposition, it was not because the hon. member for Portland stuck too closely to -his text. He was discursive enough in all conscience. With that love for classical precedent, which distinguishes liitn, lie plagiarised the celebrated non olet uttered by Ves pasian when Titus complained to him of the source from whence some of the taxation of Imperial Rome was derived, and naively admitted that whether the money came from hma fulc or dummy selectors, all wns fish tfmt came to the treasury net. With a loquacity scarcely to be expected from a Minister of the Crown, he again raised tho laid ghost of the Land Act, and treated tho jaded and weary reporters with a now homily upon our land policy, nnd re peated some truisms which the House had probably not heard many more than five or six hundred times before. And yet, apart from its many grave errors of - matter and delivery, the1 financial statement was a satisfactory exposition of the present state of the country. The Customs and Excise revenue for 18G2 will not come up to the estimate > the export duty on gold, and the railways revenue hnve not realised so much as was anticipated, but the immense amount accruing from the Land Sales, L.490,000 more than was anticipated brings' up the revenue to some LoO, 000 beyond the estimated amount) and, although' wc. commenced 18G2 with a deficit of upwards of LOO, 000, the. new year will be inaugurated witli a balance of LOG, 958. The. estimated revenue' for 1802 was L3, 115, 105 ; the sum actually received up to. 01st October -was L2, 495, 070, and the amount expected to be received, ut<rin£ the last two months cf the pre sent year is LGG8,475. Beginning next year with a surplus, it may be supposed that the Govern- ment do not contemplate imposing any fresh taxation. , The estimated re venue, L2, 945, GOO, together with the surplus, will defray all the expenditure, and leave a balance of some : L10,000. So far as we have been able to analyse them, the various items, which in the aggregate make up this heavy amount, seem reliable enough. The Customs revenue in cludes a sum of L.20,000, derived from that vexatious and most troublesome impost, the Registration fee, but we believe tho Government are not un willing to abandon this objectionable tax. It is proposed to hand the pub licans',, spirit merchants', and brewers' licences, which: realised Inst year :L73,000, to local bodies, tinder the District Council's Bill. Tito territorial Revenue , is estimated at L.l, 135,000, of which L.337,000 is from the pur chase of land duringlSGS, andL.344,000 from pastoral occupation. TheRnilway income is set down at LI 0,000 per week, a low estimate when the goods traffic to Sandhurst has been properly developed. The expenditure difFers in several important respect's from that of .1802. The total amount being less by L.170,000, while the interest on tho Railwny Loan is increased hy L.8S,000, and thfe: Immigration vote by nearly L.90,000, it follows that consider able reductions have been made in several departments. The Vic toria is still retained, but . the allowance to, one of Her Majesty's ships is omitted, and the military vote consi derably curtailed, L.10,000 is deducted from the police, L.25,000"from the vote for education,' L.35,000 from munici palities nnd' local charities, and ' L.130,000 for roads- and bridges, which with theL.74,000accritingfrom licences to bo handed over to the local, bodies will -make the itotal sum available for inter; .nal communication L.204,000, as com pared with . L.350, 000 during ' the present vear. The only novelty intro duced into the finnncinl . scheme is the proposal to erect three lunatic asylums at a cost ; of ; L.350, 000, and to raise the money by debentures redeemable in twenty-one years. Al though any addition to our funded debt should meet with but little favour the present condition of our lunaticpopula- tion is so terrible that.. we anticipate but little opposition from the House to the .Government scheme. - | The most objectionable feature in the Estimates -is the small sum pro posed to be .devoted to the endowmeut of- District ..Councils. It was always understood that tlio Ministerial policy was to devoto one-half the proceeds of -tlio,'. sale of land to locnl improve ments. In Mr. Duffy's Guide to the Land Act lie 'stated as follows : — " Two-fourths more, of the Land Fund " will; be expended on the great liigli- " ways, of communication, and on local V.ironds and bridges, in order to render ."..markets accessible. to these new cen- ' " ; tires of agricultural industry. Hitherto " there-has been no fixed practice by ".which ' any proportion of tho funds " drawn .from the sale of land in a- dis- " frict .was spent -on local objects. The " rule" now stated of investing half the " proceeds in permanent improvement " is one' which it is proposed to render " compulsory -on . the Executive by " embodying it in a District Councils " Bill,' which will place its expendi- tare; in' the. hands of the settlers " themselves' ; a sure method to foster " tlintvlocnj interest ,i.n their own of-, /'.fairs which is the basis of patriotism." 'If this principle were carried iont, . L300,000 would next year be given by way of endowment, while all that is actu- ' 'allyjifbposed tobeoxpendedisL200,000. .Wq believe, that the , alteration will be very offensive to county constituencies, and hope that the Government : will even at this, the eleventh hour, see cause to re-consider -their determina tion. Fisn is a description of food which ought to he much more frequently seen on the tables of all classes in Victoria. Every where in countries with a climate like, or approximate to ours, it is a prominent ariich; of diet. In warm latitudes, infinitely morn than in cold, | the palate experiences the natural de- 1 ire for variety. UnjesTTTirr34 stalwart constitutions tho stoma i'arl-v volts against monotony and re" monotony in the stronger f|„! Pcci% . of nnimul sustenance ; "and Sm1 m10ns fare which lyouM i„'c J,J m» .1 butchers meats, a wider al Jrn?n E' than from mutton to beef jn/i!10" : mutton, is, in an Australian something more thnn a matt r,:: epicurean taste, it is n - . f ! of health. Exhaustion woSP'' bo so generally complained the hot season of everv r,nS' and the physical degeneracy o/1 transplanted British races WQit e ess a subject of scientific apnraU ' )0- if fish, poultry, eggs, more largely into popular consuZr dF Man is not blessed with the man-!:'011 1 digestive powers which the prove \ not the naturalist, ascribes to V winch; ho must vary his changes li.s sun," or pay the po„i 3 and where the thermometer w'l high, food, which is at the same light as well as nutritious, mustfifj divide favour with heavier ami Hi solid substances. Them ca„ treM doubt at all that tho frequency 0; /I' "fast days" enjoined in b„th ui; Roman and Greek churches, and'a-1, ! P renders tho use of fish, egn-s cjc p particularly extensive and uni'verJl Southern Europe, had an in,porlao| sanitary object in its j, -1 and was suggested by the merits of a semi-tropical cliUr precisely ns the constant use nf t|lp'S:: batn was included in the pre 'fe expressed by Moses, and ivnsafti. P ??rds so stringently demanded hvP Mahomet. In the distribution M suitable food, ns in many other thin- F we tire not yet on a proper, a natnST: SDd comfortable footing in Victoria but to reader tile important article 'ofF fish abundantly and sufficiently attain J able, the real thing needful appflar3 , J be a little organisation and management Ourseas teem with fish; the of fishermen has of late greatly in I creased, and would, of course, farther 1 increase in proportion to encou I rno-ement; -while the extension of! railways should place this description! of provender in its fresh state as much ! within reach of the inhabitants of the 1 inland towns as of those of the coast. 9 ' The majority of our finny tribes are H still m need ol a popular nomenclature 11 many of them being peculiar to tliijl 1 end of the world. That abundant fistf (often taken in quantities of a ton at a time), -which our shoresmen call indis- I criminately the salmon, salmon -itrout; ' or sometimes the herring, and which j has no affinity to anything known by J those names in England, is 'surely iii j need of individualism and in a handier -| shape than that bestowed by tho nati a rnlists — Geutroprhtis GcorgimmjM Our " pike," captured all the year rounilfi in saltwater by seines, '-set-nets and hooking, is not the voracious firitislj river-prey er but a Sphyramn, a i word for which we must also obtain popular!! ohange. Our "king fish" is "afl good eating fish," but though noble iall his proportions, weighing irom sixty toll a hundred pounds, ho is not it appears " the king fish" of the British waxcr-'' but on the contrnry the mmgrc — by no'-; means an imposing appellation— of the Mediterranean. We are given to un derstand that' this species could bej! caught in any quantity in Bass's Straitijv The " whiting," " the principal) " market fish," and which comes tooiir| nets in vast numbers, is likewise mj genevis, and miscalled ; nnd theisnraaj is "to lie said of the " mullet.!' Of Schnapper some, thirty-six or forty toiu are taken every week within Port Phillip and when not otherwise sold "they " are disposed of to the Chinamen fortfie " purpose of salting nnd drying for! " their countrymen." Of flatheads, trn or twelve hundredweight are taken per! day ; of guard fish, three or four tons it week. What we here denominate tho sole, . is " very rich nnd delicate fiq,' '/ and plentiful, if properly looked for.-' Then there are flounders, bream, silver fish, the baracoota, "which visits us " regularly in' large numbers, nnd tljs " small ling, improperly called by "fishermen shark cod, which is afi'j " abundant nnd important fish, thj..l " taking of which is rather neglectOTiJ " at present." The official statement-;! from which we have quoted, iaiotmiJ us that the above varieties and roairf more abound in Port Phillip, l>0fj Albert, Western Port, Corner hj let, and, indeed, on every part M these shores. The figures adducM show that they are to be had iii siv quantity for the netting, and thatjjj fish is not as yet generally tint! ex tensively' consumed by an Ausfraliw population, the fault is not the fnuM nature. - This variety of diet would be pro curable at far cheaper rates by the con sumer, and the fisnermnn would be ,et the same time much more encouraged, in : his pursuit, if a regular market; were established in Melbourne.' ij present the monopoly of the middlenul operates to the serious disadvantages both consumer and producer,- aed effectually limits the extension <jt W trade. When purchased for the taW®, the price paid is so extravagantly high, as necessarily to make the demand exceptional, instead of genew/ as it ought to he; while on thcthei hand the remuneration to the origi purveyor i9 so moderate as to check ® enlargement of industry in furm! the supply. Three farthings a PC'S for fine schnapper is hardly the fishy man's fnir share of the ridiculous SL which the householder has to l'!s""jv before he can set tlio delicacy before _ family. It seems that there are PL some, ninety fishing boats at cliff) manned by about two h"1' « and fifty hands ; nnd in all . JU Phillip, including those of the Clan® about a hundred nnd fifty . ig usually small and open. . fe a system which would anon n. encouragement, tboso boats v"' tp greatly more numerous, and ol a » rior build and size, capable of pa 25 I their calling at the banks and MUj| — T in ' the Straits outside. It er0" tl,at four decked boats, running wween Queenscliff, Swan Bay, and ffiandridge jetty at present suffice wonvey almost olL the., produce we nnde- to to Melbourne,— the only Slcmentar supply being a much 8 plUov one which comes overland from Western Port. In a word, the quan- 7" of fidi used in the metropolis of Victoria, and the populous up-country tftwns connected with it by rail, averages nnlva couple of daily boat loads or floods And until a regular mar- fctis established, where the fisherman cm send his goods to properly qualified salesmen, and where the public can obtain them at reasonable prices, this wholesome and important variety of food which is really a necessary ol health in our climate, will continue, in snite of natural opportunities, on its present narrow and exceptional footing of a mere luxury. 