A READING HY CIIA1U/ES DICKENS. (mow HARrKii'a maoazink.) On Thursday, Apiil 13, of the present year, Chnrks Dickens read nt St. James's Hall, Pic cadilly. I wi'.R in London, and went to hear him. This was the second in. a series of |three readings, and consisted of the ' Christmas Carol' and a chapter from ' Martin. Chuzilewit,' iutro ducin;f-Mra Saitey Gamp. Mr Dickens appeared about eight o'clock, dressed in a sumptuous manner. Thus the nose gay at his button hole was a size larger and seve ral hues brighter than that pleasant conceit of nature in fashionable curies is apt to bo. Ana the area of frilled linen presented by his bosom was in extent great, and in whiteness out of the reach of suspicion. It was, moreover, studded with doubtless expensive and certainly showy buttons. In addition to which there was that in the tie of his white cravat which bespoke facul ties of mind not developed, so far as I am aware, in' any of the jiublished works of it3 author. The handsome suit of black, with its crest of dazzling linen, was carried off well by his figure. Some men are born to dress well, some achieve tine dress, and an unfortunate majority have it thrust upon them. Ho3t of us prefer o slouch, because conscience advises us that broadcloth a»d fine linen ia not our clothes' line. I was not shocked by the elegance of Mr Dickens'a dress. I did not believe, as I regarded from my s'all its many attractive features, that they were com bined as an occasional oMation to the British aristocracy which wus gathered about me and directly in front of him, in all the fullness of toilet, and all the glory of four shilling place* (one. stipulation of admission to which, duly ' intimated' on ' the tickets, was the total absnnco of bonnet from the female head), and with which I was bravely pretending to be re the proprieties of that telect circle at every but ton-hole and' iii every crease. Not shocKed, be cause surely that man cjuld not be accused of de-. ferring to any poor aud slavish taste ; it could not be said that he needed the indorsement of good clorhes to cover weak brains and empty heart. Indeed, it was gratifying to the senses to see the snug fit of his garments, for it told plainly that youth still holds hopeful and genial rule in the person of one of the world's best men, and that time has stolen from him none of the elasti city and strength whicV go into all of his sweet human philosophy, and gives his writings their sympathetic touch. Besides, it was a handsome dress for any man. It v/a3 becoming and harmo nious, and ho was a piece of art as much as the finest-toned picture the writer ever drew. I am rapidly writing myself down a snob ; but the Eng lish puy mot« attention to dress than we Ame ricans ; and in view of the comeliness and decent; behavior which are impartea to ail ineir puouc assemb ies by attention to this matter, I am dis posed to note the observance of a polite habit by Charles Dickens for tho benefit of all men of letters in this country who profesa an in ierest in ccthetics, and who hope to extend their cultivation by appearing before the publio in mysterious and eccentric garb. I would say, if closely questioned, that the crowning characteristic of Boz in print is youth fulness ; just bo of Boz in person. He is spry, stanch, ami bright th^re ; ho he is here in St James's Hull, Piccadilly. Years have gone Bince his boyish, form was circumvented and besieged by my eager fellow-countrymen, and time, since then, has worn upoii the edgss of ht3 life as the ocean has worn upon its uhores ; but I believe that, if hi3 ample beard is growing grey, and if his active brain lias at last cleared a small space on the top of his head, never iheless the glance of his eye is full aes rapid, and sure, and brilliant . as then, his step just as light, and his fingers just as nimble for ihe story of the_year. Long may it be before any one of the wonderful ener gies which have been exerted so long only for blessing and drawing together the people is par alyzed ! Uut 1 am not, line Jir xjiarnerajr, wiiuuig n aeries of 'Eoundabout Papers,' and should be telling about the reading. I suppose the applause of thu large and intelli gent audience which followed the first spoken words of Mr Dickens, namely, that with permis sion he would pause five minutes alter the reading of the 'Christmas .Carol,' was a spontaneous grant of that permission, given in entire, good faith, and in ignorance of the spell of eloquence which should presently bind every heart and make it stingy of time. It had just time to die away before Mr Dickens began to read the '» Carol.' ' ' :. ' And here, at the outset, and once for all, I must protest against the word read in this connection, That verb could have been prjpeily used to ex press the proce. s of Mr Thuukeray in the matter of the 'Four Georges.' It was not by imper sonation, not by tone, gesture, and attitude, that Mr Thauktray realised to his audience the characters of those illustrious monarehs; and you would say that as that little Christmas Story hid already spoken for ilaelf to hundreds of thousands of the old and young, and had left the impress of its characters upon ali hearts capable of. receiving an impression at all, it would bear thn gentle treatment of tho lecturer's desk without I03S of effect. I can imagine the ' ' Christmas Carol ' read by its author with good emphasis and a sufficiently clear voice, but with out any attempt to convey the distinctive traits, or character, of each personage beyond that of the words themselves; and can imagine an au dience, moved inre istibly by tha simple loading. Add, then, to the natural effect of any intelli gent reading of the matchless sentences of Biz, the great personal interest of a reading, even the Giinplest, by their live and hearty author ; and Buperadd to this the powerful influence of one of the greatest actors alive.' By this com ' pound addition only cun you form a conception of ,tho actual charm of a reading by Charles Dickens. For Dickena is an uctor ; and the drama is all the more wonderful because thu dramatis persona are sustained by one mans and presenting, as Mr Dickens's characters eminently dn, the ?' very form and substance of the times, ' varying from light to shade as truly as the natural landscape,' are sustained -with equal fidelity and with the same striking succets. . Tho English aie proud of Robson. To leave ' London any time in the last ten years without seeing Itob'son would hivu been, as it is now, a liberty taken with tlie Lion. Hia 1 ttle theatre in Wych street is perrmuiftntly plethoric. It is where Parliament 'lots up.' The bar and the clergy go to Kob-;on for encouragement to pur sue thsiir steep and straight ways. If the excel lent Queen shows a decided preference for any one of her round of metropolitan amusements, I think it is for the Olympic, for the royal box seems nlwayn ewe.pt and garnished as if she. might drop in at any time, and royal ltiuyhter has had a good deal to do in raising the roof of tho home time and time agnin. Tlw niglvt before this reading I had seen Mr ''.obgo. in one of the parts which aro deemed ' As o-.,;l' — i serio comic old chandler in a lilt If dramu called' In* Chimney CoA'.er,' which was then crowding tbyi Olympic every ni'ht. The effect of s.\V»e 'per; formsnee wrfs bo strong upon n»£-— fhens was such de.6p feeling in the ?whola'd''';. -i«m of a single-hearted, querr-8 'ken —vAK-\ .\a, sub jected to the cru»hiv)-\Bui.^i«!ior;.A--K:-iUB i\ ved «on was an arrant a;id hen'ttlerS wcoauarctl, and Btrug ghng to bea 'i- a rian-je that, humble as it was, had never bco'fi dishonored, and to sustain the spirits of his old woman while his own were lallen quito out of reach— that I was in a measure loth to experience Dickens so eoon, lest the best impression he could give me would be dull be side the vivid and warm ? impression of ltobson. Yot it was not tho enthusiastic verdict _based upon some solitary stroke of mimetic skill, or particular sketch of character, but a gradually grown and ripened conviction, when the last word had been spoken and Dickens was himself again, that not only wus he -\ greater than Eobson— not only the greatest actor I had seen in England — but an artist who realised for the first time posi tively my highest conceptions of the art, and enfolded it so tendnrly and imperceptibly with, nature that it became a part of one's self sensitive, suggestive, and intimate. I am not a dramatic critic. But if it were my business to discriminate nicely — to piny the defec tive upon the passions and gfntiinents of the human heart— I should be extremely, happy to point but many r-{ the. most notable crTuctapro duced in the rr-.ading of the ' Christmas Cnrol.'- First, I should give, as concisely as pogsiblo, the plot of this interesting-- No. is it not written among the bright holly-berries of every ChrLatmas tree, and deep down amidst the uttermost_ plums of every Chri^tmaK pudding? Has it not sounded cheerily over thousands of leagues of winter irost, and with its Christian warmth made land and land one great hearthstone of charity imd love? Will plum-puddinga periah ever— -wUl tko -*7 °f »errjr -wishes eter bo forgotten— will stockings fail of their saccharine supplies, while type holds together to tell that wondrous tale f Well could the reader omit many of the mere descriptive passages- The draii.atio skeleton was c othed by his genius with flesh and blood ; and the memory, not the imagi nation, of the hearer supplied with the outer garments iu which it was first introduced to society at large. Digressive.ly, I thought that the critics who accuse Dickens of an excessive elabo ration and descriptive word-spinning found Rome confirmation in this blotting out of all back ground from his pictures, and leaving his figures to stand alone against the clear blue of nature. His dramatic power is shown so great that I wonder the action was ever encumbered by episodes of the imagination, however brilliant or startling. Yet I believe that, in some theatres, the accumulation of scenery and properties is so enormous that they must bo displayed on the stage in great and perhaps unwarranted profusion nightly, simply to get them out of the way. 'This is wonderful!' I said to my shilling copy of the ' Christmas Carol,' when I found that ccitain gruff tones, like those of Scrooge — and so unlike the manly and pleasant tones of Mr Charles Dickena — were actually proceeding from that gentleman's mouth. That mouth was strangely altered from the playful expression it wore a moment since. The jaw was dropped, and in falling it had pulled the corners of that mouth down with it, together with each and all the muscles of the face in general, so that the expression conveyed wa3 one of tightness, and hardness, and coldness. What woncer that the voi e which proceeded from that pucker of bad feelings should have ssemed like the voice of my old master in thu bill- breaking (and heart breaking) line, who was daily ferocious about Bmall scraps of paper rlown to the floor, and used' up pens, and who died — a snug rest to his little soul ! — some years after the publication of the ' Carol! ' It was evident to me, after com-' paring this sketch of a morose old man with kin dred 'assumptions' (regularly critical) experi enced at various theatres, that this was Mr Dickens's forte, or, to b3 more professional, hi3 line; and I regretted sincerely that I was deprived of the pleasure of seeing his Scrooge, with the important auxiliaries of dress, scenery, and space morn extended than that of a desk. I wished that Tavistock House were opened occasionally to the select and critical public, or that Mr ltob son might be enubled to effect an engagement w.th Mr Dickens, or that Mr Dickens might be come sole lessee and proprietor of the Olympic, and engage Mr Robson as first supernumerary. ' This ia wonderful !' I observed to ihe beau tiful white flower without ary smell that was sticking in the copious hair of the blonde aris tocrat in the atall before me, as out of that same mouth proceeded a small and pleading voice, precisely like that . of Scrooge's cleric ; and the same remark, with forts emphasis, was addressed to the folds of my handkerchief when a stern, inflexible, and apparently remote voico called Scrooge to the scenes of Chri Unas Past, and the audience about me were hushed as I have seen many an audience hushed for the ghostly scenes of Haailet or the ' Fiery Phantom of the Ferns,' and I expected that the glaring lights of of the chandeliers in the dome would burn low for once, and the Jnoao of an old gentleman a few seats dittant would emit a pain phosphor escent glow; and once more, at the risk of bein£ .tiresome, I repeated it to my shilling ' Carol ' when, the sick and lame little voice of Tiny Tim arose ftom the bosom of the Cratchit fiunily ; and, finally, when I had actually seen the mo ther of that fumily, and trombkd in the com pany of the cwo other spirit8. and established an acquaintance of a close nature with the street boy whom Scruggs requested to go and fetch the bif? turkey still hanging in the corner shop, and whose response consisted of the one word ' Walker !' articulated with shrill incredulity, I saw clearly that the remark hid lost all its original force, and was no longer applicable to any circumstance of the case whatever. I was ready to believe all I had ever heard of the charm of those private entertainments at Tavistoek House, and to attribute the lion's share of the success to its master and proprietor ; and was able to understand the interest in persons and things theatrical which has giyen the world, in the pages of his works, so many faithful sketches of life and character ' behind the scenes.' Besides all this versatile and truthful delinea tion — and I entreat all persons who have seen it and felt it to bear me out that I havo not exag gerated its . extraordinary dramatic merit — there i.s an element of the reading, which, although more closely allied to the personal than to the art istic side, gives it the pleasante3t flavor. I allude to the ' unaffected and lieaity enthusiasm of Mr Charles Dickens himself. He evidently enjoyed tho thing quite ns much as any one present. I cannot imagine a happier condition for a success ful author or art;st ot' any kind t^an to be able to share the favor of the public towards his works — 'o appreciate and rejoice in his own 'good things' long after they have been set down in the catalogue of past successes— to recognize suddenly, some fine' day,' in a page not often turned, oue more cbiver hit than he had given himself credit for, and to make of the matured children of his fanny or sober judgment constant companions. And truly the flight of this great nrriier chuckling over every one of his own funny conceits, or droll expositions of oharacter — fol- lowing the ghosts of his own creation '»s if in dued he were walking through the dim shadows of the Christmas Past and 1'uture, and seeming relieved and glad of a glass of water when the rh.tstic- spell was broken — pausing after an amaz ing recital of the dance that Mr Scrooge was miide to see, ending with that irresistible idea of logs that actually ' winked,' in order to put the. book up to his face, as if marginal red face an.l me ry twinklings of eyes and mouth did not tell the ivudience that he wna quite overcome with laughter — I say, to see till this was to explode at onue the dismal theory 'hac ,comedian- ure ihe heaviest of sobersides off the stage, and that facetious authors view their own jokes with loath ing. I could see the good thing coining on. Mr Diok«ns'» own eyeB and mouth couldn't keep the secret. The one began to expand and twitch ot the corners, and the other to be rapid in their orbits. Then the render seemed to draw up close to his audience, as if not to miss the shock when it came, and presently with ii very ridiculous attempt to be serious for the moment, he 1-t it fly. Waiting a few seconds to catch the shouts of the galleries, as well a.° the more dignified explosions of the stalls, tie threw him nelf back a step or two from the desk and gave himself up to it, . He appeared particularly to enjoy Mtb Sairio G.unp, which historical personage, in company with her friend Mrs Harris, wiis iniroduced nf\er thu reading of the ' Carol.' I bhould say Mrs Q. is one of his favorite characters. The prepara tions of the Cratchit 'family for their .Christmas dinner, however, were as clearly nuts ? to him. Trie prngri ?'*» of the pudding was us vast and ncri f u- o .ilattc-'v to thut handsomely dressed gentlo V«u. ca to the smallest and h- ngr'iesi ot the ^ru'ehits, and its euccasHful completion filled Trim with joy. The naturalness of this sympa thy was a tested, I think, by the vain show of eaimness and insensibility on the part of the reader. But it imposed on no intelligent hearer. Why should he try to conceal thut which is the very heart of his genius, st,m nithj- -the golden undercurrent ol all tho wriiingn of Charles Dick ens, which ha-s brought him near to no manv hfcMts, and established him in tho has' Beats in the. houBes of the higheRt and the loweat ? The reading listed nearly two hours. When it was done, -£r Dickens bowed and. lightly stepped away, without any iiltusiou to the next and last reading of the course. The audience lingered, after their rounds of applause, until hw retreating form ' final'y disappeared' behind the screen I wonder if they, like me, were spsoney durirg that brief pause, and followed Charles Diukens with benedictions for all the happiness and good cheer he hi-3 been able to bring into a world never too free of snarlers and sneerers, and longing desires' of life, and health, arid happiness, f.-r him arid his, these many years to come ! If they were not..spo--ney then, the.y hud been more than once or twi-;-2 during the two hours ; and if Lord John Resell, that great mnn (who happened to bo present on th-it-oec«Hion), had ventured so much us to fruggCBt tliut I was standing there like u f-nil while he wanted to get hy and thence home to dream of foreign dispatcher, f should have retailed savagely that £ mi w him doing something besides the right tiling with his handkerchief when tho death of Tiny Tim wa suggested, and indulaing iu immoderate laughter (f-.r a minister) during the entire presence of Mrs Cramp. ' '' To Mass Hems Lay. — Take some oats and boil them until soft; then fry them in' hot fat, and you will have cuay quantity of eggs. 