METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. " (From the Lictrpool Albion, Mareil 3 ) WHEN, tbe caloric compressing Ericaon said that the Monitor would admonish Downing-street, he ut'ered a prediction whose realization would have made the fortune of forty Zadkiel's, and sold oil an edition of nineteen thousand of the almanack of Francis Moore, Physician. The Monitor has ad- monished Downing-street,meaning the head there- of, for there is no meaning in the body, in a marner which nothing else could. " I prophesy," quoth the air- compelling engineer, to coin a com- pound Odysseyan phrase whereof the Homeric Scholar will unbag many on Thursday's Budget night, "I prophesy that, when next they meet, three shots of vhe Monitor will sink the Merrimac.'' Deep into the bosom of Civis Eomanus has sunk that penetrating saying ; and he of the Old Old , Hats dons his beaver, and enters the lists, all gout to the contrary notwithstanding ;-responsive to the battle-blast, like Red Gauntlet waking from the trance beside his bride's coffin when the reveille reverberated iu the courtyard beneath, every other.stimulant failing. Torpor had come upon Tiverton. Montalembert's " Eternal Youth*'' had degenerated into adecrepid ancient, leaving to the Greys and the Gibsons, the Granville3 and the geese, the saving of the Capitol from a foe far more formidable, because more Frank, than the Gaul. But here was a challenge there was no eschewing, save at the sacrifice of all the '' truly, British minister" phantasmagorical flourishes of the last quarter of a century. Sir Frederica Smith, accepted authority upon the ordinances of ordnance since Sir Howard Douglas died, had a motion for last night to take, the sense of the House about .tbe nonsense of going on. with national defences, of which the best usethat can be made is to knock them into squash ourselves, so as to deprive an enemy of the pleasure of so facile a performance. Palmerston prevailed upon Smith-no very difficult undertaking-to postpone hts proposition till Monday, when the noble Viscount promises to be in his placé; and toll all Smith-dom, and Brown-Jones-and- Robipson dom too, what he thinks, or what he says he thinks, of this new Yankee notion for ' pulverizing stooe walls, oak beams, and iron casemates into the con- sistency of SamSlick's-wooden nutmegs after they, have - passed through, the hopper of a patent oat mill. Such intimation of intended revisitation of the familiar locale , has tranquilized many an anxious spirit, perturbed by the portentous chatter pf the last half-dozen days concerning the indis- position that has kept him away, and was appre- hended would make bim apcrpetualnbsentee'.-.h.ver since Thursday week, when he gave evidence be- fore a railway committee,' and_ presented'a physical appearance that alarmed the least sensitive and most confiden'- of his admirers, his ailment has been the top topic on every tongue, but no'mouth has been opened - about it' ; juït as is the' case touching yet more ticklish themes in still more exalted circle*. Everrjody is] assumed ta be wholly ignorant of what ia ^own to roany. . This is precisely as it was with the Peabody gift- ;-old news to hnodreds long ago, but presented, as ex-, elusive bytEe purveyor to the million on Monday ; and by the million believed to have been a secret the most profound twenty-four hours previously. . Be this a3 it may, the minor lords of Treasury and Admiralty are elate to- day at the unequivocal convalescence of their chief ; and clamorously point to his . attendance at the council to-day and yester- day as proof positive that his complaint is compara- tively insignificant. Others, however, who assume to see farther into millstones than their neighbours, allege that thia'unwonted indifference to public business, especially foreign matters, bespeaks an apathy that forebodes stagnation.' The story in 6uoport of this theory-is. that he leaves every- thing continental to Bussell,! and more particularly everything Itali <n ;' and that the Earl views the situation only through two pair of eyes, and neither of them'his own. One pair belongs to the Earl's double-sighted Caledonian seer, Camming, who perceives or thinks he does,'that the Millen- nial Rest for mankind in general,- and the 'congre- gation of the Scotch Church, "Crown Court,-Drury lane, London, in particular, is only to, be brought -about by the purgation ' of the Tiber from " mum- mery and superstition," and that the author of the Durham Letter is the maa to do it. The'other pair pertains to Hudson. Not the ex-Bex of the Rail, whose whereabouts nobody knows, sad no- body seems to care, since the fallen Georgiutn Sid us can never be a star in the scrip firmament a?ain. The British minister at Turin, who is reputed to be real King of Italy, a power behind the , throne considerably more puissant than the throne itself ; and one proof of his extra mooarchial might is his proposal to regenerate the country with- what, db you suppose? ! Sheep I Facti Wool-gathering having been the bane of the harum-scarum bell-wethers of the Mazziniari flock and Gavazzian fold, Hudson holds that they i have really been to goats' houses to look for* wool, and that if they had the right staple,'they would become mild as lambs, and the pastoral pipe of new Yirgilian eclogues resound; once more in 'tha home of the Georgies. To this end Hudson, has long.beep eagerly urging the sovereign and his advisers to do for Italy what' has been done by Englishmen at the Cape, Australia," Rio Flatá, and elsewhere, namely - turn tbeJ hair- bearing muttons of Sardinia, Sicily, the Abruzzi, &c;, into semi South Downs, and demi-Rambouillets, and medium Merinoes, and so' produce rich fleeces, and.the shearers will believe, the golden age has arrived, and the belief will soon be followed by ster- ling reality. The idea is doubtless excellent ; but has one unfortunate fault. Impracticable ? Not at all. ' ' It is facile enough. ' Capital, British of course, is ready, i and the needful lands of the state abound, from the toe of the Bo >t to the top thereof. But the project is simply too good, too pertinent, too suggestive of the.,shepherding antecedents of the Piedcnon'ese potentate, of the. curds-aad-whey making mountaineer house - of Savoy. Victor Emanuel suspects it is a joke, and winces at the imagined peint directed against himself. This notion his ambassador here> apparently encourages. The Excellent D'A zeglto needs all the counsel of his friend Shaftesbury, to .bear. up. against the Yorkshire ' bores who 'are piously1 persecuting him about concessions "án'd what not concerning the scheme, inclining proselytism ; and he declares he would sooner :turm Turk than endure being thus martyred by the Anglo-Saints. But who wouldn't turn Turk, , in almost every particular, {"polygamy perhaps excepted, because of the manifold crinoline,] for a slice of the Glyn j Mill and Halifax Ottoman .loan, after which' the Cockneys are prancing mad, .. like. dancing dervishes, all this week. < Taite of the sudden spread of Mahommedanism in the east of Europe ! Why what were the multitudinous followers of the Standard of the Prophet to those myriads who flock to the banner of profir, raised in the east of London, in the name of Mahomet's heir- at-law and present representative, Sultan Az'z ? May he live for ever, and the shadow of the Sublime Portes of his premium never be less 1 Green was the tint of the Prophet's badge ; but green and yellow are the jaundiced tints of those verdant individuall who have failed to finger a share of that profitable colour uow. . What with the tre- mendous popularity of the Morocco Loan, and "the overpowering ditto of this Turkish one, there can he small doubt that the solution of the Aäiau Mystery draws nigh.at last. ; and we may clap our hands accordingly,' particularly if our hands happen to hold »hat which will . enable 'us to exalt the Golden Horn, and declare'the, basin of Sweet Waters to be the Happy Valley. Henceforth the contemptuous phrase ''In the name of-the Prophet, figs," is out of date ; and " In the name of the Prophet, premium," takes its place in perpetuity it is devoutly hoped, by the brokers who are warbling-bu bhuls - through-the groves ot Capel-court, and reciting Know1 ye the land of the loan and the premium," as if they wouldn't mind respectively taking Thirteen Brides' of Abydos off band, by way of time-bargain, of course for a consideration. Gladstone may be ex- pected to cite a score of Byronic stanzas in reference., to these " quota loris" on Thursday, when he is to teil Mr. .Bull that if things go OB in this Turkishly triomphant manner -till April 1st, 1863,'the now ninepenny income tax will be sixpence ; and that is really. all the secret- worth knowing that the '' financial exposition" w'H con- tain, though the ^anticipation of other secrets is causing Mr. Speaker and all members to he sub- jected to disorders indescribable.'through applica- tions for orders to get into impossible places. Loans becoming so much in vogue here, especially in regard to quarters which were not supposed -' to be worth crediting with a crown, or even half a one, that it isn't improbable a Poniatowski Loan, of a handful of millions would have been got up for Poland ;- but' that 'is too chimerical to he entertained by the 'most sanguine disciple of the Band qt Hope now after the. Foreign Secretary's undertaker oration over the ghost of Polish freedom on Tuesday ;-so dismally funeral an effusion that divers noble and plebeian exiles present actually wept at.the follower of Fox talking so ' tenderly as he did of the Bear ; while a number of peera who had come down-to hear something of the old Kos ciuBko'firè of the Russell pf "Other days'rushed dff in despair to the other house to listen to the rival Dominie Sampsons, and were about as wise after remaining three hours there as they were before they entered as to what the speakers were talking about, and in that knowledge they were probably equalled by the speakers themselves. . The two nights'education tslk, unutterably re- pellan t to the majority of members, who, neverthe- less, are. obliged," by parliamentary PeckstfiffiHtar to äfftet an interest though they have it not, poa¡ sesseda sort of dreary fascination for clerical arid pedagogue people of every'degree. Had Brougham been at home, in his once familiar habitat bf WestministeT^Bilr-orrTTresdDy or-Tbursday^Old" Harry would have imagined that all thé'young and middle-aged : schoolmasters 'in thé British'Isles, were abroad. Much abroád they assuredly looked, accotdicjg as tho rumonrs exuded into the lobby as'tó Loweibeidg.oBthe high- horse, riding1 rough shod over the opponents of his hobby, or disposed,. to mitigate bis pace, and amble as jogtrottishlw gentle ag the Walpolajnly stable-mind desired. This the Hight Hon. Robert eventually did ; and profuse werft the prpceptoiiaLbeiuaona-poured on whilt-headed Bob therefor, by many who regarded him as blackest of sheep in 'vvolfine clothing a littler before-"Tho white-cravated army~of antici;" patory martyrs filed off exultant when they heard the bell ring, not for slaughter, but for bed, not for division,- but dispersion ; and retired rejoic- ingly at the respite the referring of the revised code to'committee has bestowed... Much musing op the solicitude of these persons ^concerning the scholastic shooting of the young idea according to a conrect " code," che marvels at what the par« sonical preceptors must have thought touching the shooting of the old idea, as developed at'the doors of|me Divorce'Court; in the Hall aforesaid, the crowds rendering the passages impassable, in the midst'.. of abomination - worse than , the middle passage ? A charming spectacle for Pater and Mater Familias, rural clergymen, and country cousins, who, crossing over from the dead Saxon lions in the Confessor's Abbey, to see the forensic jackals seeking whom they may devour, under the Norman roof-of-Rufus, behold a multitude of 'seeming respectabilities, , disguised as ladies and gentlemen, straggling end wriggling, begging, bribing, and bullying for admission, round the portals of that tribunal wherein are laid as hire a3 a corpse, on, the , dissecting-table of a morbid anatomy lecturer, all particulars under which some fair (or foul frailty has cut the not out of the hymeneal commandment, and placed on her hus- band's head those antlers that, however anti-orna- mental, are at least useful in enabling him to gore the stricken dear, and that newly-invented con- nubial stag, the co-respondent. Illustrating the improved morality of the age forty years ago, as compared with that of then " sixty years since" the author of " Waverly" tells us of an old lady friend, who, in her young days, used to hear read aloud, in good Scotch society, the plain-spoken plays of Mrs. Alphra Behn, but the perusal of which, at the period she was speaking to Scott, would be pronounced impossible in public, and most improper in private. But if all the " sen sation" situations in all the fifth acts of all those dramas were put together, what would they be beside any one day's report of a divorce, printed for the entertainment of our whole penny-paper ised population? Yet these published details shock ing as they are,' or rather were, for our precious public are shock-proof now, and are only scandalised by the absence of what should horrify them, are necessarily but the shadowings of the nude reveal- meats in court; and into that court, to gloat on these disclosures,' scores of apparently the most mild of men and modest of women throng every day with an eagerness that would make Gye's fortune if he could only direct it towards his chromatic curiosity shop. The moral of this im- morality it is not difficult to draw ; but, of course, those who should be the first to draw it will be the last! just as is generally the case with those uxorious dupes who come before the judge after having found out what everybody about them knew before, namely-that there was some " darlingest pet" beloved by their "Chickie," to use the delightful vernacular [so much more expressive than the Willoughby Windham " dear dear darling,"] of Mrs. Jarvis, no longer the better half [she couldn't well be the worser] of Lord Westmeath, '' who," said waggish Sir Cresswell, on Thursday, "is described in the pleadings as being of full age, and is probably rather more." " Rather more !" Comically caustic Creswell! Why Westmeath is the oldest man in this world. He must be the aboriginal Ancient Briton. The proprietors of Parr's Pills probably allow him tho sands per annum as a walking advertisement of their longevity globules, as did the owners of another nostrum to the late [or early] Earl of Aldborough for a like puffical purpose ; only, as there happened to be no such Earl, why the di- vidend on the profits of the popular purgative weren't greatly diminished by the allowance to a peer who was as apocryphal as the merit of the medicament. Yet this must have been truly mirific, for it immortalised him, who never was born, and his immortality eternized that which was non- existent. If Westmeath isn't the oldest man in the world who is his senior? Who knows the elder of the noble Marquis ? The remotest thing that probably anybody living can recollect, with the least distinctness, is the Westmeath marriage commotion that kept all the courts, the Court Royal and Vice-Regal Court, the Court of Chan- cery, the common law courts, and certain other most uncommon courts, in hot water for years, for generations, for ages. It was the longest case in contemporary annals: longer, than the Long Pole Wellesley, which was called the ' perpetual, motion," for it never stopped, and is going on yet, as testified by the occasional ap- parition in the papers of the words Somebody versus, Mornington, or Mornington versus Every- body. There was a sort of connexion between the Wellesleys and Westmeath, in this way, that Lord Westmeath, in one of his innumerable publications concerning his " urgent private affairs," ' charged the Iron F.M. with having primed the dashing white sergeant, meaning the marchioness, to set her lord and master at defiance. This she did with a vengeance- which he -' revenged with sta- ple interest, - and she requited that again with " compound usuriousness, - " ' and so the "brazen fury raged,"not the fair one, but the fray. The Duke, however,, wary old soldier as he was, took care that the sinews of war should go with the baggage, and provided the crinolined combatant with the sinews of war, to the tone of £386 a-year on tho Irish Civil List, the civilest list ever known. Anglesey,- who was Viceroy when Wellington was Premier, refused 'point blank to put his signature to this pension, . and returned the warrant, unsigned. The Royal George, first. gentleman in Europe, and pre- eminent for politeness, to his-own wife, took up the lady's cause against the " brute of a hus- band," and commanded Anglesey to obey, which he accordingly did, with , a very had grace ; for, most graceless as .he was in the matter, of matn mbny himself, as crim-conical chrenicles recounV he was' censorious on crotchety spouses ; for in stance, when the Caroline - mob compelled n,m te cheer for the Queen,hie did BO, and gadded *' Maj all your wives be like her;"r~forgettiDg that, »* the worst, Mr*. Bergami-Was a prude in cçmpin son to "th'é m'ôthêr " of si¿ children'1 who ran ott with the father of eight," to quote the words, or counsel for Henry Wellesley [< rotber of Welliog toh,] when getting the £20,000'damages, J ailer Captain Cad'gai, whoso, sister .'the "absconding dame' was, har!'1 tried''to blow out,the bram? ot« the gallant ábductionist; ' whb:declined:to *f:aF0m[ -díte the favour.'i iWhy thBTEing and;Weihogton -f did such battle for Lady. Westmeath was. cüterry. because'" she wâs'riYs.er''to-' thëiV Carlton Hon» crony, the.present.Lord Salisbury;' and thia;leet, ihg so far survived the death of the King- tn the breasther' ferruginous ' fnend,'ihat Uie :lJ»» procured her ad'bppóiñthlent at the Palace,, eariy. . inV the 'présent **reign,, which, she held tiu uer demi«e,only three-years ago. \Jhe^^2" widower, who had filled the world with . of his wedded^Sesrahd'to 'wbich Ó'CdnneH asea to make astounding allusions, took to u»5" Hua Jarvis, the unknown lady in her teem »who, in-the letter-to her " darlingest -pet," read t in .court on Thursday, called herself " Chickie,1' \- and to the said Pet called the Marquis " Fidget.*' ?'? The latter soubriquet is singularly applicable ; for his lordship, though somewhere about a hundred "jBore or less, is still of mercurial mobili'y, flitting £ "in and out of the Upper House like a Jack-o- Ian . -,thorn in the Bog of Allen ; his broad whitby brown. l hat, like a Brobdignag toadstool, overshadowing ' 'his elfinly dwarfish figure, and the whole .outward ¡' nun beii g moat outre. But the brain is right / enough ; for there isn't a shrewder, head or more i'shrewish tongue 'under any coronet - in -the whole hereditary ch umber, and nineteen >. tweptieths of 'heir family trees'hadn't struck 'root '. when ' his was an Oak of the forest, under, which ; monarchs took refuge, and in more substantial . manner than a la mode de Boscabel. < It is his ancestral eminence that helps to invest ' the present preposterous case with sb melancholy ta gravity. Herald's College embluzons., lew .?knightly escutcheons more noble? than those of ; that family of Nogent, now Nugent, whereof the *? pee rage-books speak só glowiógly,,'~ aa flower of '?early chivalry end type of later loyalty, ,not only j fnot very long ago ¿ince thia > branch abandoned 'the religious faith which prompted such sacrifices 'in the cause of.the Stuarts ; and, at the present j ,moment, the heir of the .Marquis, hi» COUB'ID, ?Anthony Nogent, (Galway,) is Lord Riverston, a 5 title con (erred by1 James the beçond after abdication ?' 'and not a recognised peerage. Divers of the rac . . appear to have . been distinguished by much the same attributes as render their-existing reprecen r tat i ve . remarkable, viz.-green old., age* and 'greener conjugal conjunctions; occasionally ac- companied by an indulgence in that fine old Irish -ball practice which is the only Perfect Cure for Fidgets where a Chickie and a Darlingest Pet are ! concerned. : ;-jv . -J tr ,ia Britain but numerous 