medical editors : and medical examiners, r ' OR, ! . CURIOSITIES OF MEDICAL LITERA TURE. To the Editor of The Herald. Sir,— What Farce, Comedy, and Tragedy, — Wilkes, Foolc, and Junius, wero to a poor \- parson, tho nino editors of the Australian \- Medical Journal aro to an obscure surgeon — L fearful odds. Tliorc is tliis difference, however that instead of meeting their opponont openly; they mako indirect allusions, and try to ignore ' bim by a ludicrous pretence. In the rudest . impertinence and meanest spirit they write at liim. They nro full of hints and ituicmloes without ono direct reference. Their best sub stitutes for an argument are taunts taken from _ tho Saturday Eevieta. They have neither tho dignity of silence nor tho force of a reply. '- They liavo all tbo raucour of opposition with out tho charm of a defence. Tho motive, which Probe could not penetrate tlioy insinuate, and an impersonal periodical grows porsoual again. Tho Journal, whieli, somewhat out of season, has just reached its twenty-fifth num ber, is thus an oddity in its way — oho of the curiosities of medical literature. Yet it lias no settled idiosyncrasy. It tukes fits and starts, — is now objurgatory, now patronising, — a pedant when lively, a prudo when sevore. At present it is in tho ' recalcitrant mood. This diversity is partly owing to the anomalous character of its management ; for, with a jealousy peculiar to the faculty it represents, it is not entrusted to the care of any ono man lest its lustro might Tcficct upon him, but it is kept down to tho level of respectable mediocrity under tho super vision of a committee. Nino gentlemen — suggestive number — undcrtako tho onerous ro- sponsibility of editing it ; that is to say, it takes nioo doctors to make an editor. Nor do bey in oonsociate notion mako up a decent unit. , Even collectively, tliey aro eartorially fractional, and in pilfering ideas "cabbage" the very words they elotlio them with. Tlicy affcot, indeed, to place the Journal as a sentinel —a sort of nine-headed Ocrberus — at tho bo- . ginning of every quarter to watch over the « legitimate interests of the profession " dis creetly leaving tho illegitimate to individual regard. But the Capitones nro always monstrosities — always suffor from plethora or ' plcurnlity of heads — nevor came into being naturally, and tho latest as it is also tho most \- uncommon specimen, let us now embalm for further contemplation. In a copious list of editorial contri butions there aro three headed "Editorial Articles." It is perhaps unimportant to ' obscrvo that this description cf writing wns' to i havo boon discontinued, ns a paucity of other ' matter would no longer tempt on editor with a eacoethcs to indulge in its production. But \- disappointment hangs oven upon adulation— \- - stolidity is not to be enticed into literary dili- gonco— liigli grade or low grade, letters aro not in tlis forte. It had been well, indeed, for the r credit of tho journal, for tho honour of tho profession, for tlio reputo of tho University, : had a redundancy of other papers excluded these articles, or tliat somo better fortune had mado the existence of tho work itself something more than a "mutter of sorious doubt." Instead of resuscitating a defunct periodical to meet the macliinulions of a few " personal obstructives," they huvo only rsfaod n ghost to " recall tho manc3 of departed worth. ' In one of these three articles devoted to tho laudation of tho journal as it is, of tho Univer sity as it is about to be, and to tlio vindication of a calumniated dignitary unable to de fend himself, thcro occurs the following passage : — " Tho appointment of exami ners unavoidably involved tho making of distinctions which, perhaps, it is impossible should be other than invidious. ITcre, having bad, as yet, no medical school, wo liavo no ' professors of mcdicino, and it becomes neces- sary to initiate tlio movement by choosing as examiners tlioso geutlomon who aro best known j,. .,.,, aujjn, tf„ci,i3 ro Wlitcli thoy hnvo been allottod, and it cannot, consistently with the_ exereiio of an unprejudiced mind, bo . denied tliat the nomination has been efi'eoted with much judgment, uud intelligent discrimi nation." "Whether gentlemen aro usually allotted to departments or departments to gentle men, masters little ; but it docs concern ' tlio public much to know who the authors of the above paragraph aro. II a rhodo- , montndo in a strain of as unblushing t effrontery as over extolled a shameless mountc- \- - bank ,bo compatible with the exalted iinpnr- Ifality of nil examiner — a judge — an nr- biter of the honor and fato of others, there is no moro virtue in modosty. Will ( it ba believed tliat tlio concocters of tliat gross puff aro actually tho very exnmincrs tlicrn- selves 1 the five out of tlio nino eo-cditora of i. tho Medical Journul, who liavo at tho samo j time a seat at theUniveraty Examining Board!! Vorily_ it is an ingenious mode of laying tho ' flattering unction, when men acting in ono r capacity can speak their own praises in another without tlio cliargo of self-laudation. At pn "0 22, they assuro us that tho journal « Is not to be tho vehicle of personal detraction, nor tho moans of conveying a covert solf-cnlogy." It is notoriously not easy to " oxcreiso an un prejudiced mind" when ono speaks of onosolf. oven though no vulgar egotist. Theso bashful i gentlemen moro tlion share tho common frailty. "The world," thoy toll us, "has at all stages of its progress contained undeveloped genius," and doubtless many a flower of a doctor wastes his sweetness in the bush as well as in tho back slums of a city; but that " those gentlemen have been appaintod who , aro best known to the profession," is a . postulate which Bhould either have boon tacitly acknowledged, or given to tho world by somo ono elsa than by tho gentlemen themselves. They may bo all that ; is desirable, but it is not quito fit that theirs should bo tlio tongues to tell it -true merit is i Dot thus_ its own trumpeter, and when its . counterfeit seeks approbation, tlio duty of i " discountenancing the unabashed obtrusive; ness should bo unhesitatingly performed.! / One of tlio evils insepernblo from corporafo i action is tho seroen it holds for men to do ; ' under it what they would blush to do as indi viduals. Moreover, mere notoriety is no infallible test of fitness ; ono may Jiavo hfa name on tlio corner of every street, ride a i frantic horse, drivo a glaring chariot, run in a i desperate hurr, figuro in liis own journal, bo . in all tilings quite pnnoramic, and bo tho best i . known man _iu town, but iiot theroforo eligible , as "an examiner. But no ono lias enllod" in t. question tho fitness of those chosen. Itisthoir i. own consciences tliat suggest tho apology. , Qui sy excuse, st accuse, and if the examiners do , not stand sclf-Qccnsed thoy havo never been accused at all. It fa Christopher himself who calls out, " The Slys arc no rogues ; look in tho chronicles. Therefore, paucas pallabris ; i let tho world slide." Tho raodo of their i appointment has been jocularly roforred to as an exoroiso of plenary, and rathor capricious patronage ; but "tlio rumour of it reached a profession prepared for something j of tlio sort, Tlio mon best known to the ' Council liavobecnselected; personalprodileelion is as much tlio patent of enfranchisement as acknowledged talent ; and if tho nominees ' were not obsequious beforehand, thoy havo ( been abundantly complimentary aflorwards. Dabourod eulogies may pervert facts and re- J store fallen friends to favour, but they cannot ' show that tho examiners wero chosen by a concotirs. ' With such patrons and such proteges, it is ' not surprising to hear that "tho Victorian Medical School takes high rank from tlio oom- meneemont." Quacks alono make boasting . anticipate the tests of oxporienee. The rank of a school depends on the quality of its teach ing, past or present, but hardly upon that to 'corns, especially of a now ono, whatever bo the aspirations, intentions, or pretensions. Tliat the school opens as an integral. part of- the University is naturally satisfactory to tho- oditor-cxaminora who participate in its bounty ; but it will be eo to the rest of tho profession and to the public only when tlio abnegation of "except ionai profit or personal aggrandisement" is something mora than a mero profession. It is not to bo assumed that'opportunitics will bo nrgloctcd, but a closo monopoly has not tho c.iiTgy of compotiiion, and 60 wise a body ns. a University will eonsorvo tbo salutary influence of emulation and recognise any private school whicn may enter the race with it. If there be " others equally eligible " — if, liko valorous Henry, " Thoy havo within tho re.aimo Five hundred a. good as tliey,". — if some living ' Hippocrates have contem poraries superior to himself," or a rising " Hunter have modest and obscure friends," let no Ejcrurd Homo filch their reputation in appropriating tlio product of their brains. "What some soy jestingly is often seriously believed, mid truo humility as an attribute of genius may bo r.ioro common, ovon in a colony, than theso self-approving Editor-examiners think. But a man may laugh while lie speaks tho truth, — " Quanquam ridentem dicfre vcrum Quid vctat ?" and a " solemn air and gravo demeanour" is no moro the outward sign of an inwurd graco in tho person of a university dignntary than when it would hide the gauchcrie of a " country doctor." That nffcctation of seriousness which mny bo called tho liomngo dullness pays to gumption is much moro likely to stalk through tho wards of ail hospital than canter across country. Tlio owls of tho profession luvk about palaco courts as often as about cotfage gardens. Ncithev aro the " country districts" tho only places wero doctors . grow rusty, for , even' within tho very pale ot ' alma mater havo men grown unfamiliar with a book. If, however, living a few leagues away from a seat of learning deteriorates the man, what must not tlio effect of sixteen thou sand milos be on tbo Exaininor and his Jour nal ? D'et tho query bo remitted to tile chosen arbitor, tlio Saturday Eeview, for criticism is iiot here intended. The appeal to tlio " exceptional preferences of a limited section" is addressed to tho pro fession ns much ns to tho community, nnd is to bo respected accordingly. It is gratifying to notice t lint if tho Journal makes now enemies it also conciliates old ones, and ono gentleman mny nosv find in it an arliclo wortii reading. Br him, at least, it will bear rcprrusal. If tha labours of tho nine editors aro still arduous,' the nine very original contributors who occupy eightoen pages aro not chargeable with prolixity. By and by when tlio University shall hnvo moro generally cultivated literary tastes the profession may moro adequately represent itself. In the meantime they do not despise tho day of small things. Tliey know howgreat achievmcnts sometimes liavo small beginnings — what "dire results from trivial causes spring"— liow small tho cause " brought death into tlio world, and all bur woe," and would seizo tho incept ivo stage in journalism as thoy do in pathology. "With or.o contemporary, tlio Argus, tliey know tliat " half tho miseries of mankind nro traceable to some trivial derangement and witli another, that " for want of timely caro millions have died of modicablp wounds," eo that if medicine be not progressive, it shall not bo from lack of medical philosophers. Tho journal. is no unqualified supporter of tjia Bolieme of the University. It lias not renounced tho traditions of its career. It lias still a word for tho Olio-faculty. It lias, in spite of much subserviency, rolaincd ono spark of moral courage to oppose the sini-ter designs i of tho Iriple-faculty mou, and it does not suc cumb to the Vice-Chancellor in nil things. It holds that medical psychology is a necessary part of every complete course of medical edu cation ; and, therefore, what has been figured . as the dream of the profession, is by so much tho less likely to run on through a question of insanity to Ecttlo upon tho authorities i ns a lasting hallucination. It will matter little whether the remedy bo conceded to the re spectful solicitations of a coterie, or to the just requirements of the public. wiB.jrnoMsoN. O.U reUruuryj lOO'-Ii ; 