OUR ENGLISH PRODIGIES. - In the dull wason of the vcar we occasionally find some very startling information in our daily papers. The gigantic oooseberry, the mushroom aa large aa a kdy'a parasol, birds' ne«ts behind doora or in letter boxes at the Post Offices, a fell of large hail-istonc, aa eight-legged calf, or three children at a birth, are " subjects" that pleasantly enliven reports or the disease in potatoes, the emut in wheat, or the fly in turnips. The popular taste for what "is curious must, in fact, be gratified. But how tame are the {greatest achievements of the most ingenious paragraphmonger of the present day compared with the Btoriee furnifhfcd to Englishmen two hundred years ago 1 In tbe British M useum Library—that mine of treasure inexhaustible m Aladdin'* cave—there are tales without end of marvels that formerly no man thought of doubting. Let us disentomb some of tbetn, bring them to the light of day. aud judge bow they would look in the columns of the Time*. In the yaw 1641 there was placed before the public " A strange propheeie of a maid that lately lived neer Worksop in Nottinghajnshire"' 1 This was by no means an •y. The maid in question f™'—> • ~u * r calmly departed this life, but a few i days after the aid event «be returned and divulged the secrets of late. Hie object of the prophecv was to inform the world the end of all tilings was " neer at hand." The , mai(] whil e in the flesh had been much !" ^ ^ ^ J ^ T ' : paxnons reaj>eeting the poverty of her wardrobe. Is ay, one of the taunting vouug ladies displayed—doubtless, with an amiable and friendly motive,—" curious wrought J hadkireher«" aud the like, which caused admiration"—uumiugled, of couwe, with eavv But the 8igut of the " hadkirchers" ^erpowered the inaid; slu- gave up the ghost nest day, and lay four-aud-twenty hours quite silently and still. Her mother waa weeping over her remains, when, !o! the maid of Worksop arose and, " with a mild and cheerful countenance" ; told }, er storj.. She had met an old man, ^ epemed in't he itini of ghadow 8-people alack ? grow old there alw-who took to, she said, to a Sure, and costly fort, no j Print's Court like it, where we were let in $ in which place we saw tnanv bright angels shining like the sun, anrf singing mdodiously with clear voices." It wa* in this enchaBtiug scene that the Maid was ^ e d warning t o all e o persons m ^ against t o ^ ^ wearing * ^ . fine dresses, and especially her former conv paaioas, who had " flooted" her. " Tlie very clothes," said the seer, ' which Miss Anne did weare, {or her pride shall become loathsome to all people whereby none shall be able to weare them, but shall beeouie unnecessary to all men." And 4 unnecessary' they were for ewer after, since we are told that * thii speech, twice spoken, waa markt and found to be true, by reason of an evil savour about them." This disagreeable incident satisfied the irate and wounded Mud, and die once more retired from an ungrateful world. A greater prodigy still was Charles Benet, the "Man-child of Manchester." who made his appearance in %he year 1079. The record of his life declares that" at three yean of age he doth speak La tine, Greek, and Hebrew, though never taught these languages." There was something in hie appearance betokening tbe possession of marvellous gifts. "His countenance," saw the discriminative biographer," is very solid and composed! he is somewhat inclined to melancholy, yet hath a kind of majestic gravitv even*already appearing in his looks, which is frequently attended with a modest smile." His eye "darted a piercing and sprightly ray npon all things," and hit modesty waa no less remarkable than were his talents as a linguist, for when he heard people praise himself" he did commonly bluBii and reprove them." Here was an example for his (seniors. Happily for the peace of families audi children are rare, or what would become of parents. One night, when the urodigy'g father was "according to his usual ancTcommendabte custom, reading to hi* family in the Bible, and inched misrecitins one sentence the child of a sudden (then two rears old) broke out into these words t—" father, you read wrong, for it is not so in the Scripture." Tbe unhappy parent was " wrapt in amazement" at this alarming instance of precocity, nor was he much comforted to learn that his son had oftentimes read the Scriptures in " Latin, Gre«k, and Hebrew, sa well aa EnglisbAs to the mode of talking, we learn that be was " very vehement in the delivery of his speeches, with a manly voice, but something thick in the delivery of his worda." Contemporary witli Uaafcer Benet was a child , in Sint«^an4 who preached edifying sermons to the neighbours when but three jean of age; and at Btwi! there was a girt who delivered ducourw* Wbatatneaiureofawife this fift jpmrt have l»e» m after years, , let ut ppe her husband appreciated her unusual powers of eloquence. Another -wontlerful girl waa Hartiu It was this young personal iot to mtf twelve tnontha without eating. She |jved near Baltewell—what good wigler ha^ not ^Ty^^SdJ^e i^Mved^'^flow on her a milter. Hie cwisequ^noe mi* ttattbegirtm^'aMmnuAi'^ ib^nedlrom fpod, •'widao," iite clirowcler, "sbe.hath continued 431 within a fortnight from &e; date hereto, which amounts to iliirteen montba and tip- , She pqcaiiQtwUlf inM^fl ifl a i^w dropi of iheayTup St stewed jjjrnnea, .water and sugar, "as oe juioe ofa roaated wiin.** "She waa pointed by the Duke of Dcyoiwblfev but B p^ ^ ilgiyl wu wiinaeoeaeary toher a* food, sinoe^teonco " ob&tinued; for Are weeks waking." ; Another indit^duiil of remarkably al nioiu "JafciU'Mi ptm Wib, wiio .Iw^ittlKH^'in'JwI.: J? Be ^m live," aaya tiie record, "on three iarthiuga 8 week"—a consummation devoutedly to W 'wished for'jn many ^ ojher nomical libusewives miy envy Hocer Oab'a system in its results, although they would probahlv hesitate to follow it in ite operation. For his constant food was " roots and herbs, as cabbage, turnips, carrots, dock-leaves, and grass; also bread ana bran." Not the least curious fact in Roger's history was, that he once kept a shop, but retired to die woods on his dock leaves and grass, "because of the many men" In 1014, was published a " True and wonderful account of a atrange aud monstrous aerpent or dragon, jet living, to the gnat annoyance and divers slaughters both of men and cattle by his strong and violent poison." This appalling monster " lived" in a wood two miles from Horsham ; the " account" of it waa written by M.A.H., appends to bis name the quaint notice," He that would send better new* if lie had it," Tlw dragon was nine feet in length, and must have been in every way an interesting object. In colour it was black in uome and red in others. In shape, it wu the ailetrec of a tart, and its general appearance is thus sketched" 31c is of countenance very proud and at the sight or hearing of men or cattle will raise lis neeke upright, and seeme to listen and look about with great arrogancy." On his side were "two great branches," which are likely to expand into wings; but M. A. R. expressed a hope that he would be destroyed before he grew so Very terrible was this dragon to meet," for be "cast Jus vemoae around four rodde from him," and had therebv killed several people." What became of him there ia no record to show, and the town very soon forgot thia prodigy in the consideration of another—an old woman of Denbighshire, who was " perfectly able to relate what die had said and done 180 years ago." Ft is scarcely necessary to say tlist net name was Morgan. Her teeth were perfect, were so corroded by age Oat no atencli could invade them to the least prejudice. Mrs. Jlorpan had only one fault—she wa a termagant." Such are a few examples of the prodigies which astonished our pensive great grand- fathers.— Unas-Week. 