MR. LYON ON EARLY CLOSING. SIR,-Perhaps you will have the goodness to allow me through the medium of your journal to say a few words in vindication of the position which I occupied at the public meeting of those in favor of the Early Closing Movement. To answer the question as to what brought me there, seeing that I was not in favor of the move- ment let me say-first, that my warrant was the right meaning of the word public, which figured on the placard calling the meeting; secondly, seeing so many Reverend names to address the meeting, I had a pious hope of coining out of the meeting a wiser and a better man. Your report of the meeting proves how greatly I was deceived. To refer to their conven- tional usage of the word "public," and their igno ranee in using it as they did, I need only ask how ] mad we would think that man who told us that a public thoroughfare, house, office, or institution, was only to be used by those in favor of any particular thing. The tyranny of tailors for instance ! Before attempting to move my ironical amend- ment, I enquired of the chairman whether an amend- ment would be received; and receiving a reply in the affirmative, I moved it. But I had not been on my legs above two or three minutes before those present declared, by holding inp their hands, that I had no right to move the amendment. Alas ! how coarse, how thick, and how clotted, must have been the apprehensive power of the chairman, when be could not see in this resolution of the meet- ing the severest condemnation which he as chairman could receive. Of the principle of early closing on Saturdays I was allowed to say comparatively nothing; bat I can assure those gentlemen, that, had it not been for the strong conviction which I had of the old proverb of " casting pearls before-" &&; I could ' have made myself heard for hours in spite of all their grunting and braying. The only means by which most men (not mc; I am an exception) could gain an hearing from such a set of fellows; whose con- victions and modut operandi are predetermined would be to make ghosts of a few of them as an example to the rest. As I only ask you to insert the above in vindica- tion of the position which I occupied at the meeting and not that I wanted the publication in your journal of a treatise on the principle of closing all places of business on Saturday afternoons, I will condude with the following original similes.-As it is the height of madness in a person on foot to attempt to stop a flying drove of furious bullocks, so it is the same in any man to think that he can stop the venerable custom of Saturday evening shopping by holding up his hands at public meetings, or by bellowing never so loud. And likewise, as he who would ' attempt the former.would be sure to be goaded and carried away, so he who attempts the latter will be, and is carried away weekly. I have done. I remain yours. WILLIAM LYON. 10th July.. 