FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1862. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, In answer to a question, Mr. ANDERSON s'ated that tho West Channel, ,near the Swan Spit Lighthouse, was not filling i"P Mr. IRELAND gave notice that, oil Wednesday next, ho would move for leave to brinij in a bill to establish a registor of titles of land which shall jhereafter bo alienated from the Crown, and tfaoilitato the transfer of the same. In answer lo Mr. Frazer, ' Jtfr. O'SHANASSY stated that tho report ot' the Jt ryal Commission appointed to inquire into t»he ma «ogemant of the late Victorian Exploring Exp W'ition ¡bad been plaoed in his hands, and would xery soon be laid beforo the House. Mr. »MOLLISON called the attention of the Speak w to the t« ms of the motion placed on thn paper I ment of the Mining Department. It was sub- stantially the same motion as that disposed of a week or' tw»1 *£0, and, therefore, ho held it to be out of order. <"e asked for the ruling of the Speaker on the s object. Mr. M'LKLLAN ssm 'ho objeot of the two motions wai entirely diflercnt. The motion now before Houso asi,«rto<1 *hat the want of proper mining law« was to bo attributed to the absence of head to the J_'u«r_ Department. Mr. TCOKKR and Mr. O't^HANASST reminded the House that the bon. momb « (Mr. M'Lellan) bid said, when defeated on the pranpB» pooasion,. , , it ,_ ,, , . i "1 that he would renew his motion again and again. Mr. SULLIVAN stated that the motion had not been brought forward, as tho hon. member for Dundas and Follett supposed, as a vote of want of confidence. Ho and other gold-fields mem- bers thought Mining Minister was absolutely required. Mr. WOOD said the motion had been under- stood by many hon. raembors as directed against the Government. On the point of order, the two motionB worn substantially the Berne, and, therefore, that before the House was opposed to the fifty-eighth standing order. Mr. GRAY hoped the rule was not to bo strictly enforced. Mr. -EALES moved the adjournment of the debate for a fortnight, as bon. membero on his side of the House wore not prepared to discuss the point of order. Mr. DUFFY said the motion for adjournment need not be put, unless the Speaker asked for time to consider tho question, which was un . likely. Mr. MOLLISON said ho had asked the House to observe its own rules. The SFKAK.BR suggested tbo postponement of the original motion, that hon. members might acquaint themselves with the rules of the House, as uny decision he might give would bo un- satisfactory to ono side of the House or the other. The suggestion was adopted, and the motion postponed for a fortnight. On the motion of Mr. Anderson, the com- mittee of last session was re- appointed to con- sider and report upon tho Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Kail way Act Amendment Bill. Mr. RICHARDSON submitted a motion in favour of a grant, not exceeding £5,000, in aid of the various Ladies' Benevolent Societies in the colony. Mr. HAINES opposed the motion, though he did so with great pain. Wilhout an increase of taxation, these applications could not be acceded to. The revenuo was not coming in so readily as he had anticipated, and if votes were added to the Estimates, other votes must bo withdrawn, "or new sources of revenue must be created. After observations from various hon. mem- bers, The motion was withdrawn. Mr. HHAXES moved a resolution, to the effect that it was the duty of the Government to defend and protect tho holders of occupation licences against the pastoral tenints of the Crown. He recounted the history of the occupation licences, and argued that the Government were bound to implement the promises of their predecessors. The object of the pastoral tenants was to harass and drive the licensees from the land. If the Crown put in an appearanco to defend these oases, he believed tho actions would not be proceeded with Mr SINCLAIR seconded the motion. Mr. WOOD had hoped the bon. member would hate shown to the Government some feasible plan of accomplishing the object ho had in view. No barrister could appear to pay money in, and if the defendant himself appeared and paid a Bhilhng into court, no jury would give other than n verdict of nominal damageB, and the plaintiff would have to pay the costs No pas toral tenant would repeat such an experiment. Another course had been proposed, and that was, to make the hon member fur Geelong West (Mr. Brooke) a co defendant (Laughter ) Ho did not believe that, after the statoment ho had made, these actions would be proceeded with. The Government had done all in their power to discourage these actions. It would be extremely impolitic for the Crown to appear as the defen- dant. __ Mr. HFALES said the speech of the Minibter of Justice would accomplish all ho desired, and therefore, he withdrew his motion. Mr GRAY had listened with groat satisfaction to the hon member for Warrnambool. Mr. Kyte's motion for a select committco on the subject of a contrai railway terminus (on which the House was counted out on the 13th inst ) was then called on. Mr. SERVICE opposed the motion, which was an attempt on the part of a few land owners in North Melbourne to olitain advantages for them- selves at the public expense. Mr. LOADER wnrmly supported tho motton, Mr. ANDERSON opposed the motion, believing, on mature reflection, that im expression of opi- nion against the proposal could as well be given now as when tho report of the committee was brought up. The money could be better spent iu extending the railway to Echuca, or in open- ing up short branches from the main lino in the country districts. Mr. M'LBLLAN supported the motion. Mr. HOOD took the opposite view. Mr. J. DAVIES, while in favour of the motion, proposed that the committee should be selected by ballot. Mr. WEEKES supported the proposition ; and said great danger to life arose at Spenoor-street station from the want of accommodation there. Mr. WRIGHT opposed tho motion, on the ground that the railway funds were pledged to more useful purposes. After considerable discussion, the motion was agreed to by twenty-five to twenty-three; and a committee ohosen by ballot, the result of which was that the names selected were the same as were submitted in the original¡motion. Mr. DON obtained lenvo and brought in a Workman's Lion Bill, which waa read a first time. Mr. LEVI obtained leave and brought in a bill to amend the insolvency laws and to create a court of insolvency, which was read a first time. Mr. KïTK proposed the resolution of hioh ho had given notice, expressing an opinion that the recent appointment of H. S. Chapman, Esq., as a puisne judge, was unconstitutional, and con- trary to tho Officials in Parliament Bill. He de- nounced the appointment aB one which ought to causo its au'hors to blush as they walked the streets, calculated as ras to sully the reputa- tion of the colony. He argued that the appoint- ment itself was 'made without the authority of law. The seleotion made by. the Government was most unfortunate in the interests of publie justice. Mr. WOOD regretted that the hon. member had not proceeded against the newly- created judge for penalties, which would have been the proper course to havo tested the legality of the appointment. There was nothing in the Officials in Parliament Bill to prevent a member of tho Legislature, who resigned his scat, accepting office-the only consequenco n'as tho personal one of penalties. The hon. member (Mr. Kyle), if report was true, waBablo to afford to try the ex- periment ; and tho penalty (£50 a week) was worth suiog for. As to the allegation th at the appoint- ment was improper, no evidence whatever was afforded that Mr. Chapman had be «n cognizant of the porsouation that had taken p lace in con- nexion with Mornington election. Th »t persona- tion, in fact, had not assisted Mr. tlhaprnants return. Mr. EßWABD3 held tho appointment, though legal, to be impolitio, and against the si 'Mt of the act. The «.notion was then negatived without a t U»'" sion. _ The rem'aining business was postponod, ant,' the House adjourned. It is tho peo'tiHar niitfortune of Vic- toria that she ea.tnot undertake to settle her land law witno ut undergoing all the throes of a great soo wl and political re- volution. Every oth^r oolony of the Australian group but herself is able to dit-pose of this question quietly and amioibly, and to the general satis- faction of all classes. South Australia has for years secured for herself a l~nd system, simple^ equitable, and OWjye nient, which pleases both tho squatters and the agriculturists. Tasmania haB got over her difficulty with equal suo oees, though nfter a different fashion. Queensland achieved her task within the second year of her existence. Tbo va- rious provinces of New Zealand, although hampered by peculiar obstacles, have in every instance succeeded in devising for themselves euffioient land schemes. Even the colony of New South Wales, which may be said to bear the greatest analogy to "Victoria, and where the same antagonism has existed between the squatters and the agriculturists, has, in spite of a legislature oven more demo- cratic than ours, arrived at a settlement of the land question, which, while mak- ing very large concessions to the people, is still favourable to the squatters. Viotoria alone, to her great reproach and injury, is unablo so to dispose of this question as to plaoe it beyond the reaoh of. political agitation. Year after year, we see the task renewed, amidst tho bitterest class jealousies and heart-burn- ings, but only to leave us iu the same hopeless and dismal uncertainty. Even now, ho would be a bold man who should promise us that, after four or five months moro of painful discussion in Parliament, the land law will bo settled at last. Wo cannot be guaranteed against a revival of tho agi- tation which for so many yoars past has troubled the country and retarded its progress. It is almost beyond hope that this agitation can ever be appeased. It is a Danaidcan labour, whioh pro serves tho same proportions every year, in spite of all our effortp. Every fresh concession creates a new craving-every fresh increment makcB a new void. There is an evil genius whioh frustrates all our industry. In the meantime, the oountry suffers to an incalculable extent for the want of that security which a de- finite land system alone oan give. With natural advantages superior to those of any other colony, with far greater resources awaiting development, and with a population strenuous, active, and enterprising, beyond that of most oountries, wo aro doomed to re- main stationary for want of a land act, while almost every other commu- nity in Australia is steadily progress- ing. There is certainly no reason normal to our condition why we should have greater difficulty in devising a lan system than the other Australian colo- nies. The cause of our failure must be sought in the accident which has given political power in this country to a few of the worst class of professional agi- tators -the offscourings of British chartism and American democracy. The land question is not necessarily a political, still less a social difficulty. It is our misfortune that it has been allied to politics, and made the vehicle of class antagonism, by the men who seek their trade in keeping open the question. It is their interest to make it appear that one class of the community are the natural enemies of another, that every measure which receives the assent of tho propertied classes is necessarily inimical to the working man, and that everything is to be viewed with suspicion which comes with a good word from tho other side. The astonishing stupidity of some of these prejudices is only to be equalled by the impudence with which they are main- tained by our demagogues, and the tenacity with which they are held by a certain class of the people. The wonder is, however, not that the quacks should not tire of their imposture, but that their dupes should not discover tho trick. For years past, tho Stump has been living on the ghost of a great grievance. Time was when the squatters were a positive impediment to tho settlement of this country ; and at that time none were more emphatic or earnest in their denunciation than ourselves. In those days, the squatters would have been something more than human if they could have done all that the people expected of them. That they did not voluntarily make a road for their own destruction, was doubtless a great breach of publio duty on their part; but, in their behalf, it may be urged that nothing they could have done would have satisfied the furious rage of our democrats for agricultural settlement. Long after, however, the uquatters have either the power or the will to stop the course of population, they aro still retained as tue property tyrants of our political stage. They are still engaged in vexing and spoiling the true democracy—in keeping the people from their landed property, in im- pounding tho people's cows, de- bauching the people's representatives, aad corrupting the people's surveyors. They are the bêtes-noirs of every true land reformer. They draw up all the land bills, and fill them with "efforts of sinister clauses. If there is a bill, otherwise liberal and unobjectionable a bill which provides for the speedy settlement of the people-a bill whioh offers a fair compromise between con- flicting interests, it must be rejeoted on the mere fact of its not being opposed by the squatters. Even this negative character is a positive disqualification in the eyes of those who profess to repre- sent liberal principles on this question. We are led to believe that this is a social question between wealth and poverty—a contest of aristocracy with democracy—a battle, in which one side must be exterminated before the other can exist. Before Mr. GRAY'S mind's- eye there is always a hideous phantom of a bloated squatter, with a rascally balance at his banks, who leads about a surveyor by a string, and lives for no other enjoyment than to prevent tho settlement of tho people. It is almost hopeless to expect that we shall ever get beyond this squatto phobia so long as any lands remain un occupied in this country. Even the present bill, by far the most liberal ever presented to Parliament, is assailed as a squatters' bill, because it will not sacri- fice one half of the squatters at one blow, to gratify the vagrant humours of tho people. Th'o proposal to throw open at once only four million of the ten million acres provided for agricultural settle- ment, and thus to graduate the squatters' ruin within those limits is declared to be an " abominable swindle" and a grievous injury. A population of half a-million souls, it is pretended, will hw» no room to expand within four million acres. A quantity of land moro thin twice as largo as has been sufficient up to this time for occupation is deolarcd to bo imperatively required for the im mediate wants of the people. And all the squatters must be destroyed at onoc in order that the people may be grati' fied in the oaprioo of carrying their own licensed survoyors where thoy please From those who hold such views as these, what hope is there of any assist- ance in carrying through a measuro of practical benefit for the settlement of the soil ? ===================== " Tho two days' lalor" hythe Suffolk brings ua " the Mesaago" of President DAVIS to tho Confederate Congress after a seven months' continuance of t.°nW,ar' J* ¥ly bears out tho »Pinion of Hie limes correspondent as to the probability, by all tonal nppearanoes.ofa protraotod struggle. Tho manifesto before UR, dated Richmond, November l8, ¡edi. oates both the inclination and the ability of the Southern Statea to make good tho position they have taken up With harvests _ in favourable yield and pros peet; with manufactures "never so " prosperous before," including now opes for the_ supply of warlike muni tions ; and with the assurance of no lack of either men or money, President DAVIS does not confess to straitenod oiroumstances or public discouragement from the blockade and other Boa-board operations of his opponents, lie con- gratulates the Confederacy upon " tho " succession of glorious victories at " Bethel, Bull's Eui«, Manaseas, Spring. " field, Lexington, Leesburgh, and "Belmont," in a contest "which now " extends from the shores of the Chesa " peake to the confines'of Missouri and " Arizona." In proof of the energy and spirifrwhioh, in spite of odds, have turned tho tide of fortune in the Southern favour, ho reminds his audience that, at tho commencement, " the enemy greatly " exoeeded us in uumbors, in available " resources, and in tho supplies nenes " sary for campaigning. Military esta " blishments had boen long organized " and oomploted. The navy, and, for " the most part, the army, onoe common " to both, were in thoir p,session ; and " to moot this we had to create " not only an army io the face of war " itself, but also military establishments " necessary to equip and plaoe it in tho " field." Nevertheless, "after Bevon " months of fighting, tbo enemy havo " not only failed to extend their oecu "panoyofour soil, but new states and " territories have been added to our con " fedoracy." And ho Bums up, " upon " a fair comparison between .the belli» " gerents as to men, military means, and " finanoial condition, the Confederate " States are relatively muohstroDger noir " than when the struggle oomuienccd." Of course tbo President paints tho situation in the best colours, hut we may accept the picture he gives as oorreot enough. Evidently th« Seces- sionists aro elated, as thoy hava nuson to bo, with the success they hive aohioved, and arc as unshaken as ever in determination to persevere. At all points of tho land frontier, thoy have bad the advantage. Io tho State of Missouri, divided in feeling between tho two parties, tho superiority of the move- ments of tho Southern generals is unmistakable. In Kentucky, whero tho popular feeling was at first inolined to tho Federalists, tho energy and rapid advance of tho Se- cessionist columns aro fast rallying the inhabitants to their banner. In Virginia, where the main armies aro concen- trated, the only important encounter _ yet has brought disgrace on the invaders. In a word, the assault of the "North " erners" has completely failed by land, and their only blows attended with any success have been struck from the ses, in the seizure of certain pos'B on tho shores of North Carolina and Florida, and in the blookado of the cotton ports. But the United States navy is a very inadequate engine for the reduotion of the South in its pre- sent tempei. In a quarrel less ob- stinate and bitter, such a strain on the pockets of planter and merchant as stopping their exports, would bo a potent influence indeed; but in a struggle like this, a civil war, whioh partakes too much of the "hearths and " homes " oharaotcr, a blookide whioh cannot out off the supply of tho neces- saries of life, or the production of war- like stores, cannot have very decisivo results. And we may entirely credit the declaration, that the Confederates will never of themselves go back to the Union, and that thero is no possibility of their being forced back. " When they seo a President making " war without the oonsont of Con " gress ; when they behold judges " threatened because they mainuiti the " writ of habeas corpus so saorcd to " freemen ; when thry seo ju-tioo and " law trampled under the armed heel of " military authority, and r-pTight mon " and innocent women dragged to " distant dungeons upen the mere edict " of a despot-when they find all this " tolerated and applauded by a people " who had been in full enjoyment of " freedom but a few months agi, they " believe that thero must bo Bomo in " compatibility between auoh a people " and themselves. With stich a people " wo may bo content to live at peaoe, " but our separation is fiual,and f«ir the " independence wo have asbcrted wowul " acoopt no alternative." Tho only chanoe of any near termi- nation of the war lies in the p.'S-tble interference of a foreign power; and the Federalists have been r.ish enough to provoke this by an outrage on the flag of ¿ho very power most peculiarly capable of prompt and effeotivo iuterferenco It would need only a more fraction of tho colossal navy of England to humble Yankee pride within a very short period, and diotnto peace between the American, belligerents. A British fleet would transfer this blockade from tho portó .if the Southern States to those of tho Nurthern - would show to Now York, Philadelphia, and Boston, and .the wide upread populations de- pendent on their commerce, what a blockt.de really means-would apply the ßorew ia a much more formidable and porsuasive fashion than it is now expe- rienced in Charleston or New Orleans. Judging from the tono of the "New York journals on this subject, there is a very full and clear sonso in that city of the dangers of the new position, and thero is vory little doubt but that very ample apologies and reparation will bo forth- coming from the White House. But the question is, whether England will bo satisfied thereby,or whether, now that opportunity is so fully afforded, sho will not insist on an end of the interruption to trade whioh the present loose but suffi- ciently mischievous closure of tho Southern ports is occasioning. The propriety and expediency of interfering to effect this object was already enter- tained in England, even before this last ocourienoo gavo it prominence. The Confederate President thus alluded to this question:-"Perhaps we had the " right, had wo ohosen to exercise it, to " ask to know whether tho principle, " that blockades to be binding muBt be " effective-so solemnly announced by " the great powers of Europe at Paris it _is to be generally enforced, or ap " plied only to particular parties." And ho adds-"I bavo caused the evidence " to be collected, whioh proves oom " plotely the utter inefficiency of the " proclaimed blockade of our coast, and " shall direct it to be laid beforo such " Governments as shall afford us the " means of being heard." When we remember that four millions of the popu- lation of England aro in one way or other dependent on the manufacture o ootton, tho supply of whioh is ourtailed and rendered uncertain by the Uuited States cruisers, and when wo recollect that it is tho Manchester party, hereto- fore opposed to war, whioh is most BtroDgly interested in tho removal of this impediment to trade, it does not seem at all improbable that the British Q-ovcrumeut may now bo induced to demand from that in Washington the withdrawal or modification of the Southern blockade. The telegram received by the Chief Secretary on Wednesday eveninir, respecting tho wreck of the exploring brig Firefly in Torres Straits, was the subject of a short conversation last night in the Legislativo Assembly. Mr. O'shanassy read the following memorandum from tho Govern- ment storekeeper, as to Ibe stores carried by tho Firefly:-"The Firefly did not carry stores for the Victoria. It is, however, possiblo that, as the Victorio was rather overloaded, Commander Nor- man may have put some portion of his stores on board that vessel at Brisbane. Tho Gratia carried the stores, and Commander Norman in- tended to keep her company to Carpentaria. The Firefly was charterod to carry the land ex- ploration party despatched by the Queensland Government by sea to Carpentaria, the horses for that party, their stores, and forage for the horses during the voyage." Mr. O'shanassy added that ho bad ascertained that the island on which the wreck had been observed was in the neighbourhood of Booby Island, whioh was known to seamen as " the post-outco," as all ships passiug through Torres Straits called there to land or take up letters. Tbat being tho case, was probablo that the crew had bren fallon in with by one or the olhur of tho vessels calling there. Tho loss of tho Firefly, beyond prevent- ing the land party reaching the scene of their operations, and the consequent dérangement of Commander Norman's plans, wou,d not lead to any serious inconvenienco to the" Victoria, or prevent her return from the Gulf of Carpentaria at the time indicated in Commander Norman's instructions. A deputation from the Municipal Council of St. Kilda, consisting of Messrs. Bunny, K. E. Brodribb, Fraser, Mason, and Bradshaw (town clerk), yesterday had an interview with the Com- missioner of Railways and Roads and Bridges, with the view of obtaining the sum of £3,000 towards defraying the expenses incurred by tbo St. Kilda Municipal Council in making a drain through the district. Mr. Bunny (who acted as spokesman) pointed out to the Commissioner that the drain had been rendered necessary through the Government having carried the storm water from neighbouring municipalities and townships into St. Kilda, thus sometimes causing considerable damage to the property of the inhabitants. He also pointed out that Mr. Brooke, when in office, had pro- mised to put a sum on the Estimates, but thought £5,000, the amount then asked, too large. The municipal council had expended all their rates in forming the drain, and asked for the money, not to spend recklessly, but merely to reimburse them for what they had been com- pelled to expend. He also mentioned that, by some mistake, St. Kilda had been mulcted of £2,500 of the grant-in-aid last year. Mr. Fraser drew attention to the fact that making the drain had saved an enormous expense to the Govern- ment, as it had carried off the water which would otherwise have remained on the roads, and have caused considerable damage to them. Mr. Mitchell said the Government had every desire to abide by promises made by their predecessors. The amount could not be taken from the grant for roads and bridges, but could only be made in the form of a grant to the municipality. He was quite willing to do all in his power to assist the council, and would be happy to accompany any member of it to the Chief Secretary, or to the head of the Public Works Department, to see what could be done. It was then arranged that Mr. Cowderoy, the chairman of the council, who was absent from town, should meet Mr. Mitchell on Wednesday next, and endeavour to make some arrangement. Bj tho City of Sydney, we have Sydney papers to the l8 h inst. Poekt-t-pickin? is again bceoming prevalent, and a largo number of complain's on the subject have lately beou made to tho detective police. Three of the offenders, who have, most probably, been concerned in several recent oases, were yes- terday brought up at the City Court by Detectivo Evans, and a conviction was ob'ained against each of them. Evans happened to bo on duty in Bourke-itreet on Wednesday, during tho pro- gress of the Bands of Hope t brough the streets, and his vigilant eye, expecting the opportunity, soon discovered three men, nniMcd Cummins, Hice, and Alhnarch plying thrir u nlawful avoca- tion on the opposite Bide of the s tot et to that upon which hu had posted himself. Cii'mmins was seen feilim: tbo.pock ts of a lndy who was look- ing in at the waxwork exhibition, and A limaron was similarly occupied. Evans called the att 'ention of several persons to the thieves, and ulso set wed the assistance of constables Eager and Mai 'e'« who were on duty on the beat; and very shortlj.r and unconscioutiy to themselves, the throe pri- soners, who kept in closo company together, were detected in porno half dourn attempts of the same kind, and were watched for nearly two hours. One f órnalo lost her purse ; and at length, finding himself suro of bis object. Evans arrested tbe wholo of the depredators. CumminB had on a new white silk coat, with a hole conveniently made in th«» bo tom of the pocket, for tho purpose of passing the hand through, so as lo conceal an attempt on the pocktt of a viotnn. The case was .Clearly made out by tho evidence, not only of the piiHce, but of sevetul respectable witnesses, and tho/ogiies wero sentenced to vniious periods of imprisonment. Three w**>.nen, named Nora Lepngc, Ellen Per- kins, and MiVüaret Carolen, wero brought up at tho City Court, yestorday, by detectives Seabridge and Craven, charged with robbing a man, named Henry Smith, of 180 sovereigns Tho case pie sented features almost identical with soveral which havo lately been brought beforo tho court The prosecutor was "a returned digger from Now Zealand," and fell in «nth the women in tho street. Ho proceeded to " shout ' for them, accompanied thom to thoir houso in Little Bourke-strcct east, trea'cd them an indefinite number of times, gave them an " outing " to Sandridge, and at length found himself with his pocket cut out, and minus his sovereigns. Ile has some distant recollection, nay, feels pretty sure, that Nora Lepage did it, but " was too drunk to prevonther." Ultimately he found him- self turned out of doors, and was indebted to some othor woman for temporary shelter. Luckily, however, for him, aud unluckily for the pri sonerB, a woman of the same class as tho latter had seen a quantity of the ill-gotten gold in Perkins's hand and, looking upon with a covetous eye, solicited a share of it. She was re fused, and got a knock on the hoad for her trouble. In revenge, sho was no unwilling witness against the others, and the result is that thero is a i cry good chance of the gold being at any tate in part recovered, and of the conviction of the offenders. Mr. Ireland last evening gavo notico that, on Wednesday next, ho would move for leave to bring in a bill to establish a register of titles of land which should hereafter bo alienated from the Crown, and tho facilitating of the transfer of the same. Mr. O Shauassy yesterday stilted that the re por. of the Royal Commission appointed to in- quire into the management of the late Victorian Exploring Expedition had been placed m his bands, and would very soon bo laid beforo the Houso. A man named W II Smith, a ticket of lea\e holder, who had been remanded to Pentridge from Geelong Police-court, effected his escape from the polico lock- up ¡esterday morning, be tween eleven and twelve o'clock, and has not since ben beard of Mr Candler held an inquest, yesterday, al Pentndgo Stockade, on the bodj of a prisoner of the Crown, who died on the 19th instant, from tubercular consumption The deceased, who was thirty-one yean of age, was admitted on the 4th ' September, 1800, under a sentence of seven years' i hard labour. An adjourned special meeting of the St. Patrick's Society -was held last evening, Mr. Hood being in the chair, for the further em sideration of the proposed new rules. The at- tendance was very limited. Six rules, which had been submitted to the ceitifying barrister, and modified by him, were unanimously adopt At the City Court, yesterday, a ease of cattle stealing and receiving was investigated, the evidence in which criminated two respectable persons-one a Mr. James Russell, at Caulfield, who was charged as the thief, and the other a Mr. James Hallinan, at North Brighton. They were committed for trial. We understand that at a full meeting of the Council of the University, on Weduesdaj, a reso- lution to rescind the recent appointment of the law lecturer was brought forward, and nega- tive At the District Court, yesterday, Captain Plan nery of the ship John M Vicar, was summoned by certain of the crew, for wages The solicitor who appeared for the men produced a document which purported to bo a promise given bj Captain Planntry to them, at tho time they were undir sentence,iu the (,nol of Newcastlo, for disobedience of orders, that he would discharge them on armai in .Melbourne, on condition that they returned to their work on board. The master, in his defence, called Mr Shillinglaw, the Go- vernment shipping master, under whoso advice he had refused to discharge these men, as tho promise had been extracted by compulsion, and was not sanctioned hy tho proper authorities Captain Plannery explained that the men were on articles for three years, and that he had been compelled to accedo to their demand, or else would hate had to delay his ship at Newcastle for an indefinito time Ho had entered a pretest at the time in his official log The complaint was dismissed by iho Benoh, with a guinea costs Tho Volun eer Engineers will fall in, at the orderly room, for commanding officer s parade, at five this afternoon A general meeting of tho corps will beheld, at t ho orderlj -room, at half past seven in the GI cmng At the Geelong Circuit Court, on Wednesday, before his Honour Judgo Williams and a special jury of twelve, the caBe of Craddock v. Ferguson and oiliers, representing the Melbourne Fire In. surance Company, was tried. This was an action to rocover"£l,000, with interest, upon a policy of insurance effected by the plaintiff upon a quantity of hay (whioh was subsequently dcstioyod by fire) with tho Melbourne Fire Insurance Company, through their agent in Geelong. The policy had been endorsed to Dalgety, Ibbotson, «and Co., as security for advances made to plaintiff. Payment was demanded in duo course from tho company, but settlement of the claim was postponed from time to time, und eventually refused. Craddock was hi the meantime apprehended and imprisoned on a charge of arson, at the instigation of the company ; he was committed for trial by, the Police-court, but the Crown declined to filo an information ngainbt him. For the requirements of legal process he was obliged to appear as plain- tiff, though confessedly nearly all his interest had been transferred to Dalgety, Ibbotson, and Co. Tho jury having retired for a short time, re- turned «¡th a verdict for tho plaintiff for£1,000, with interest at eight per cent, for seven months and sixteen tluys. The jury also found, by direc- tion of his Honour, that the value of the property destroyed was £1,575. The defendants gave no- tice that they would move for a new trial. Mr. Kyto's motion for a select committee on the subject of a central railway terminus (on which the House was counted out on tho 13 h inst.) was again called on last, night. Af.er, con- siderable disoussion, tho motion wes a.reed to by twenty-fivo to twenty-threo, and a committee chosen hy ballot, the result of which was that the names selected wcro tho same as were tub milted in the original motion. Mr. D last night brought in a Workman's Lien Bill, which was read a first time ; and Mr. Levi brought in a bill to amend the insolvency laws, and to create a court of insolvency, which was also read a first time. Our Sydney telegram notifies the departure of tho mail »learner. " A meeiing of the Ballarat Cricket Club Com- mittee, in connexion with the forthcoming match with tho All-England Eleven, took place ) ester day cvming, at the Norih Grant Hotel," says jeetcrday's Tribune. "Sixteen persons wero chosen to play m Iho match, and twelve names were mentioned from whom the othi r hix will be taken. It was intimated that Mr Pond would roach Ballaiatto-da to muku all a rangements with regurd to tho price of ndiuksion to and erection of the grnnd-stani &o; " The recent robbery of go.ii luce and bullion, at Mr. Martin's, in Flinders- lano enat, lias h. ?_ further elucidated by the airest of a man naniid William Pattick, «v-bo is remanded till TuO'ilut \- Çit v Court, wi'h the other prisoners in CHU o'ij on th « B!Ilno charge. jjr jHyto last night proposed the resolution, of which he bad given noiice, expreshing an opinion thar tho re 1£nt appointment of Mr. II. S Chap- man as a pu.'"'0 J"J--e WHH unconstitutional, and contrary to tho Officials in Parliament Bill. Mr. Wood regret ed i u»t the bon. member had not proceeded against .>?. noB,y created judgo for penalties, which wM 'IBVe becn tho Prol,er oourse to have ic-stcd t Ho legality of the appoint- ment. There was nothing >« 'ho Officials in Parliament Bill to prevea.1 » memoir uf. lue Legislature who resigned his Bt.^t accepting office i in [ ?> 'J'. -tho only consequence was the personal one of penalties As to the allegation tha' the appoint- ment was improper, no evidence whatever was afforded that Mr Chapman had been cognizant of the personation that had taken place in con nexion with the Mornington election That pur sonation,tn fact, had not assisted Sir Chipman's return Tho motion was negatived without a division Wo have received the Launceston Examiner of Tebtuary l8 Wo learn from it that ' the follow- ing aro the names selected for the Tasmanian team to play against the All England Wovon - North-Walker, Spicer, Boon, Still, Dumaresq, Captain Cox, Brooks, Taylor, H Lette, Dirga ville, Stdobottom South-Jamieson, White sides, Tabirt, Westbrook, 0. Watson, Orford, George Marshall, J Patterson, Mace, C Perry, P Taty The Tasmanian players aro practising evory day, on their respective oncket grounds, at Launceston and Hobart Town The All England Eleven aro expected to arrivo here, from Mol bourne, to morrow " At tho Fitzroy Police-court yesterday, a teacher named William Weoly, formerly in the employ ment of the Kev W B Miller, CharleB street, was convicted of being ilktally on the premises of the latter, as well as with having assaul ed the rev gentleman, and was liucdfl, with the alterna- tive of three dajs' imprisonment The defendant was also cautioned against a repetition of the offence. The same person was before the court a short timo ago, charged with being illegally on Mr Miller s premises I A general meeting of the Prahran and South Yarra Volunteer Rifles will be held, at the orderlj roora, this evening, at eif,ht o'clock, " to make rules and regulations for the guidance and order of members of the como-iuy frequenting the room." A return of the amount of retenue derived from the gold fields, in the shape of licence fees, gold oxport duty, ond miners' rights, from October, 1811, to the present date, is as follows - Gold licence fees, £1452 008 0s 7d , gold export duty, £2,070,297 12s 10J , miners' rights, £600,90110s Total, £4,183,210 3J 5d. A plcismg inhtanco of the vnluo attached to services willingly and continuously rendered, occurred in Gisborne a few days ago, on the port of tho congregation attending St Paul's Church, in tbo presentation to Miss Lhzabeth Rigby of a handsome (¡old watch and chain, asa slight token of their appreciation of her kindness in playing tho instrument in that church during the past eighteen months. " The utmost activity now prevails on the site of the railway terminus on Soldiers' Hill," says the ISallaiat Mai. " The found ilion of a por tion of the btation has bein laid, and is composed of ulucks of bluestone, on which a superstructure of bricks will be erected The cutting has now disappeared almost, but a led¡,o of rotten rock is cropping up in the centre, though of such a nature that the picks are sufficient to remove it. There is still a tolerably large qu in lty of earth to be remeted from that p irt of the cutting west of Nolan strett, which will be more than suf- ficient to fill up the Lydiard street hollow. The embankment at this placo is now creeping up to the new Btoro belonging to Mr Dunn. The masonB aro engaged at the last section of the bridge, which will, m all probability, be com pleted this w eek The contemplated opening of the hue of railway his caused several blocks of land on the lull to change hands recently , and where a few months ago there were but three public houses, may now bo seen same hixtocn, with three in course election nor h of Vlao arthur street The shops now most required in the locality aro, say the residents, a draper's, and boot and shoe shop " A large audience assembled in tho Victoria Grammar School, Collins-street, on Tuesday evening last, to hear a lecture delivered, in con- nexion with the Victoria Young Meus Mutual Improvement Association, by the Rev. Joseph Beer, on " The Life and Labours of Dr Living- stone in South Africa " The rev. gentleman commenced by observing on the laree number of mon whose parentage had been humble, but who had, by dint of perseverence and industry, raised themselves to poultons of eminence in the world, and pointed out the subject of his lecture as one of many who, with every obstacle in the way of improvement, had become useful in the causo of science, in the Ker ate, in the mission field, or, as was tbo case with Livingstone, in exploring the great centro of Africa He then described the position of Africa it tho time Dr Livingstone started on his exploratory tours, the difficulties he had to contend against, and the successful issue of his efforts; and wound up an interesting leeturo by calling upon young mon to use every means in their power to improvo themselves, in- tellectually and morally. A vote of thanks, pro- posed by Mr. W. H. Kellett, seconded by Mr. S. Kellett, and unanimously accorded to the lecturer, terminated the proceedings. The bi-monthly meeting of the committee of the Jerusalem Mission was held, on Wednesday evening, at tho vestry-room of the Syna40guo, Bourke-street west. Amongst the visitors was tho Rev. tho Doon of Melbourne. The reports, as presented, showed a gross collection of over 200 guineas. Amongst the list of subscribers are noticeable the names of the Governor, Sir H. Barkly, Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. Haines, Chief Jus- tice Stawell, Mr. Justice Pohlman, and o.heis. It is, we are informed, the intontion of His Ex- cellency (as conveyed to the Rabbi Sncersobn) to attend the next meeting, to be held on or about the 10th March proximo. Sir W. Stawell has also notified his intention of being present. Au action was tried yesterday, in tbo County Court, precisely similar to that of Francia and another v. Levy, reported in our issue of Thurs- day, February 13, and with a like result-a ver- dict for the defendant, with costs. Yesterday was the first of the threa dsya Autumn race-meeting of the Victoria Jockey Club. Thero wero fpur events. Tho first, a Maiden Plato of 50 sovs,, was won by Mt. Lamb» Paul Pry, three years, beating four others ; the S'. Leger, of 373 sovs., was won by Mr. Dowling'» colt Camden, beating Mr. Aus iti's Satina ; the Opon Handicap, of 75 sovs., was won by Mr, M'Cormick's Tory boy, four years, 7st 41b., beat- ing five others ; and the Selling Stakes weio won, in three heats, by Mr. 0. Kelly's colt Lancaster, beating four othtrs. There was a very meagre attendance on ibe part of the public, suggesting the idea that the Jockey Club w«s haunted by the ghost of its former popularity. At the Subscrip- tion-room last evening very few members were present, and no speculation took ptace. Leader has been scratched for the Hurdle Race, Dono- van Brown for tho Steeplechase, and If for tho vlare--' Produce StakfB. The favourites for the various roces aro:-Flatentchcr, for the Great ( ? ) Handicap, and tho Town Plate; Corio, for the Sires' Produce Stakes ; Camden, for tho Mares' Produco Stakes ; and Young Camel, for both Hurdle Race lind Steeplecliaie. » On the motion of Mr. Audeison, a committee was yesterday appointed, sont- isting 'of Air. Owens, Mr. O'kney, Mr. M'Lcllnn, Mr. Lalor and Mr. Änderten, io consider tho Melbourne and llobson's Bay Hillway Ac Amendment Bill, Mil. EVBRl'Jl'OHAM'S TllACIMN ENGINKÍ« Oil I «he way up, and tv.is passi-ri ].i«t ovenimr l«v the j «jeelongcoacht son -hu Ballarat hide «if tho Green Tent. The dHi.ie and its iicooiiipaiiiing machine wt-rn then at a st and-Htill on a level pi« ce of road, hue no' from an) thing wrong i«i the g iently, the halt hu ving been called ia her for the convenience of the mon than from any mi-lui p. The broad wheels of tho cngina uiipear to ' o not only adapted to susl-ain the great weuht of the irun li, r-i thty liuve to carry, hut to lu- hiat lory materially in re«!tning the metal which lie.« loose a'ong so ¿ii-t a portion of ihe ro.id at present - ttar, Fcb 20. ACCIUl'M\\-A man n. «ned Richard D-ivi« met nilli a M i lum i "¡dent o u Thurwlay iiiybt »hiht workiiiu a' du- r-rushing-mt.cli'no of Messrt-. M'lntosli, Hiii-I'i. Hu *as cbaring ofT the amalgam, mid ivlii i-' standing «m a ee»fT-jjd_wiib a heavy l< i-i, >ri 'M* hand, hi« f«-ll, recfeiviu:! a fracturo of h'u , »igb bone and a loot-rated wound , of the thigh,-PcMigo -.rfycr<«»~, ieb, 15, , ¡ 