THE YO-YO. A LEGEND OF THE LACHLAK DISTRICT. by the Author of ' Mv Holiday .' C'iiapteb YH. — The Black Watee Hole. Hick had followed the advice or rather the direction of the ;black, and had gene straight home, conse quently he was unaware of the uncouth tntics so un becoming in a gentleman of the black's apparent age ; but for all that there was a heavy weight oppressing him which he tried in vain to shake off. The tale of the gin and the occupation of the black would revert to his mind ; but then he thought, what had he to fear from such a shrivelled specimen of humanity — he who waa a match for any man of his weight in the whole district — so these thoughts were disposed of, end he resolutely determined upon the interview which was to bring him into acquaintance with the relatives of the litue paunchy chinking bsg that was already in his possession. As night drew on, the storm clouds gathered thicker and thicker, altogether obscuring the light of the moon ; although the almost constant flashes of : lightning that glared around kept up an all but con tinuous Illumination. The rain, too, which had been intermittent during the day, now poured down in one incessant stream, and the rushing of waters in the gulleyB, with the .roaring of the creek now bank high, tilled up the short intervals between the loud peals of thunder, and mingling with the boisterous bellowing of the wind, formed a din but little less than that of the vast artillery of Heaven. With the last retiring tint of the setting sun, all of light vanished, and no. thing but en inky darkness remained, save when the brilliant flashes for a moment lit up the ecene, and left all in greater darkness than before. No sooner had this darkness well eet in, than Hick donned his pilot coat, and arming himself with a stout stick, prepared to set out. Entreaties, tears, warnings, and reproaches from bis wife only served to render him more fixed in his purpose, and rudely pushing her aside as she attempted to detain him with eentle force, be sallied forth into the storm. The Black Water Hole had obtained its nsme from several causes, First from the fact that, though its waters were pure and clear as crystal when poured out, yet, as they lsv in the vast reservoir that Nature had prepared for them, they appeared black as jet. Next, the part of the creek in which the hole was situated was rude and craggy, the vast igneouB rocks that lay around being black from age as well as from their fiery origin; and the spot, even in the most glaring heat of summer, had a dark, cold murky look, tnat had at once struck the rude but quickly apprehending minds of the ' bushmen, and had given a name to the locality. Lastly, the evil repute qf the spot, and the accidents that had occurred in its immediate vicinity, had served materially to perpe tuate a name so consonant with deeds of violence and blood. But a Bpot that plays so important a part in our narrative requires a little more particularity of de scription. The flat upon which we described the farm of Mr. Herland as being situated, continued for about two miles from the station, and then gradually harrowed until the point of a range coming down abruptly to the margin of the creek suddenly termi nated it. From this point the waters worked their way through a rude and broken country, at one time appearing as if they had made their way through some vast hill, the banks on either side being eneer rocks, or rather vast precipice, bearing the same cha racter, and having evidently, at some former day, been connected with each other ; at another time it seemed as though the neighbouring hills had sought to avenge themselves on the waters for the destruc tion of their fellows, and had endeavoured to dam up its course by vast rocks and ponderous masses that were cast about en every side. It was on one of these broken rocky spots that the Water Hole was situated. A little distance from the present bed of the creek, it lay in what appeared to have been an old channel of the stream. At the back, the waters were hemmed in by a vast wall of black rock, which towered away to a height of two hundred feet, sheer end unbroken by the slightest ledge. All around were scattered huge fragments from the hills above, that had been hurled down by the storms of ages, whilst between them s narrow track that had been worn by the cattle in their passage to and from water, wound sinuously along to the edge of the hole from the hill above. On the opposite side of the black, bluff rock wc have mentioned, a broken spur of the.ridge came down almost to the water, but not so precipitously but that the patient herd had found a pathway down its side to the cool and limpid waters or the hole. _ About two hundred yards farther on, come convulsion of Nature had at some remote date thrown down what had evidently been the vast apex of a mountain into the then bed of the creek, so effec tually damming it up as to force its waters to find another channel. And now the mountain had that singular appearance that one might suppose it to as sume were eome Titan to have shaved on its top, and coolly turned ft upside down into the creek, since the place that the vast slip had occupied was clearly per ceptible, smooth, black, and weu-defined, whilst the ttuant moBS had alto turned upwards the part which had once fitted on the blank space above, as if desirous of showing the lofty nature of its origin. Enormous trees, torn up by tempests from their hold in the hills above, and whirled down into the dark abyss, lay scattered here and there, making the path amongst the rocks still more complex and difficult; one of these, bleached by expoBure to an ashen white ncEB, lay cloBe by the water hole, its. long white branchea^raised into the sir like spectral arms, ' a dazzling contrast to the black rocks around. This was the log alluded to by the storyteller in the hut ; anu im the opposite Bide of the waters, starting up from between two vast rocks that had oompressedand flattened its trunk, waa the fig tree also spoken of, its dark-green leaves and sombre shade aiding in no small degree towards the black hue of the waters it overhung. Beneath this tree, whose thick leaves sheltered them even from the watery deluge that was descending, was a smooth atony slab, with a boulder of rock on either side, the three forming a very convenient table and Beats on a pinch. By the side of these, in a recess that seemed to have been hollowed out of the mass of rock above, the old black was seated on hie haunches tending a fire, which, contrary to the practice of the aborigines, was heaped up with logs and burning brilfiBntly, throwing around a lurid glare, which, falling upon the dark waters, the black rocks, and the bleached branches around, added materially to the wildness of the scene. The flickering flames falling upon the grotesque masecs, caused thousands of fantastic shadows to fall on every side ; and it required not a highly imagina tive mind to term these shadows into dancing fiends, exulting in the wreck of the storm around. The old black, however, took no heed of this, but sat glaring into the embers, ever and anon bending his head to listen in the pauses of the storm for the footfall of Ms expected visitant. At last, the sound he so much desired met his ear, and a demoniac gleam of triumph shone uponriiis face, though for an instant only ; the next Becond be was to all appearance calm and imnas sable as a statue. Dick had threaded his way with caution through the dangerous rocks and along the slippery tracXB that led to the place of rendezvous, and at last came within sight of the cheering glare of the old black's fire. Before descending the ridge, he carefully scanned the path before him, and running his eye along the track, it fell upon the water hole and the surrounding objects ; and— good heavens ! did his eyes deceive him r No. There sat Bill Hayes upon hiB colt, justas he had last seen him on the Yass rsce-course, only deadly pale, and a fierce frown upon Mb face, whilst- his hand raised up in warning, seemed to be vehemently directing Dick to retreat. For an instant Bick paused, horror struck, but as he still looked, the old black, with a hasty movement and a few muttered words stirred up the fire. A brilliant flame shot up, Bill Hayes snd his colt vanished, and Dick perceived that what he had taken for an apparition was nothing more than the dead log by the water hole. Almost laughing at himself fox his fears, Hick now hurried down the path, and in a few minutes came in full view of the black and his fire. The position of the old man added still more to Hick's amazement, for often as he had been at the water hole, he had never recollected seeing this cave or recess. As this thought struck him, he paused, and as he did so, a shadowy figure seemed to rise from the earth, and seat itself on one of the boulders by the slab, at the same time pointing with a gesture of warning to the rude table before it. Again the black muttered and stirred the fire, and all was once more clear. Shaking off his momentary fears, with a bold determined step, Bick approached the black, and stood beneath tbe tig-tree. ' Well, old fellow, you're pretty snug here,' he said ; but the words were scarcely out of his mouth, than a slight rustle in the leaves above caused Mm to turn his eyes upward, and there, between the largest fork of the main branches grinned down upon him a horrible countenance, distorted by the last gasping ' pangs of strangulation. Hide would have shrieked with teiror, but that tbe very excess of dread kept his tongue fast. For a third time, the black muttered and atirred the flame, mil a heavy ungainly bird flew out from amongst tbe blanches. ' That infernal more- pork,' said the black, 'has been disturbing me all the evening.' Dick, however, was not this time so easily assured. 'Isn't that,' he asked, 'the fig-tree where Harry was found jammed !' ' The very same,' said the black. ' Then I'll take my oath I saw Mm there just now.' ' lie ally !' answered the black ironically, 'consi- dering Harry has been dead these last seven yeats you must be exceedingly longsighted.' ' I don't mean him,' responded Dick, ' but Ms ghost.' 'His ghost ! well I gave you credit for more sense, Dick. Now listen to me, and believe au old man's word. Look after the living and never mind the dead ; it is the former men have to fear and not the latter.' 'Why, you're got it all like a book,' said Dick ; ' you certainly are about the rummest gorger that ever I met with.' 'Nonsense!' retorted the black testily; 'we didn't meet here to hold a discussion about ghosts, but for something more worthy of men.' The Late Noethekn Mail Robiieey.— John M'Mahonwas brought before the Bench at Esst Maitlsnd, yesterday, on remand, charged with being concerned in the late robbery of the mml at the Chain of Ponds. James Nowlan deposed . he was a drover and lived at Fallbrook ; he knew William Mackie and Charles Ross, who resided together at Fallbrook some time ego ; he recollected the mail robbery on Sunday night ; he was at Chun of Ponds that day, and as he was going home in the evening he met three men on horseback; they -were coming from tbe direction of Charles Boss's place towards Camberwell ; one of tbe horses was a grey, and the other two were dark ; he could not swear positively as to any of the men ; he spoke to them, but conld get no answer ; he never, saw the prisoner before, The prisoner put no ques tions to the witness, and on being cautioned, com plained that he had not been liberutei after evidence bad been produced that he'was in Sydney on the night of the robbery. The Bench said their only course was to commit the prisoner to take hie trial at die next Circuit Court to be held in Maitland. — Maitland Mercury. Hiflp. Contests.— A considerable party of the West Maitland Volunteer Bifle Corps, under the command of Lieutenant Wolfe, met at the butts on New Year's Day, and engaged in several spirited shooting matches. The proceedings commenced with a trial of skill between two equal divisions, at 300 yards. The following is an abstract of the score ; the figures show the number of points made from ten shots — each rifleman firing two rounds of five shots each ; — 300 Y'ards First division : Rankin 7, Mitchell 8, Maitland 13, Sadlear 18. Second division -. Briggs 13, Charlton 3, King 1, Tbursby 8. Mr. Sadlear made two bull's eyes in his first round, and three in his second. At the 500 and 600 yards ranges the competitors fired against each other. The figures show tne total number of points made by each out of five shots. 800 Yards : — Rankin 3, King 1, Badlear 8, Charlton 2,Thureby 3, Briggs 6, Mitchell 1, Smythjl, Maitland 2. Mr. Briggs scored at every shot, and made one centre. 000 yards:— Rankin 1, Charlton 1, King 1, Thursby 1, Mitchell 4, Sadlear 1 (only fired once), Maitland 3, Briggs 1, Wiseall 0, Smyth *3. Messrs. Smyth and Maitland made three singles each, and Mr. Mitchell two singles and s centre. After the conclusion of tno above match, another was got up. The shooting took place at the same distances, with the following results :— 300 Yards (ten shots each) :— Wolfe C, Rankin 5, Atkinson 10, W. Sloan 16, G. Smyth 9, 'W. Arnott 12, Wiseall 16, King 3, Charlton 7. Mr. W. Sloan signalised himself by turning Ms five first balls into four centres and one bull's eye— a highly creditable string, 600 Yards (five shots each) W. Sloan, 2,1,2,1,1—7; J. Atkinson, 1,1,9, 1,1—4 ; W. Arnott, 0, 1, 1, 1,1—4, 000 Voids (five shots each):— J. Atkinson, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1—5 ; W, Arnott, 1, 2, 1, 2, 2—8. The details of the score are given at the two last ranges, the practice being very superior. — Maitland Mercury, Ordination.—' The Bishop of Newcastle held an ordination on Sunday, the 22nd ultimo, at the Church of St. James, Morpeth, when' the Rev. W. C. Hawkins was admitted to the Order of Priesthood ; and Messrs. E. Price and F. White were admitted to the He aoonate. 