0>'£ of the healthiest signs of the times in this colony just now is the utter dearth of all political agitation. Tou might as well attempt to raise a'ghost as to raise a partycry ; and it is found impossible to galvanize a dead grievance into momentary life. The Age, it is true, is endeavoring to arouse the religious animosities of our population, by asserting that tbe public offices are being packed with Irishmen and Bo man Catholic*, but as everyone knows that the rule adopted in the public service is to fill up vacancies as tbey occur by tbe appointment of officers who have been previously dropped, even this allegation fails to excite remark. People seem to have arrived at the conclusion that political warfare is barren of practical results; and that the progress of the colony may be more effectually promoted by the introduction of "novel industries," than by listening to turgid speeches, or bawling at public meetings. And such a conclusion is creditable to tbe good sense and discernment of tbe community. Our political institutions cannot well be " liberalized" further than tbey have been already. Excepting equal electoral districts and payment of members, we have got all tbe points of tbe Charter, for whici Dr. Hunter contended, when he addressed the mass meeting on Kennington Common, on the IOth of April, 1S4S. No man is debarred from tbe exercise of tbe suffrage, and tbe poorest and most illiterate person in Victoria is not precluded from election as a member of the Legislature. The land has been " unlocked civil and religious liberty secured to all classes of our fellow colonists; and tbe: avenues to wealth and'eminence are freely thrown open'to tbe nrholftcommtintfy. ft would be difficult, indeed, to discover a pretext for .political agitation^ smcs aven jtbe rotectioniits themselves have been forced, o abandon the sophisms behind which they were eatrendted, and have been silenced by the " inexorable togip orfaets/'- wWcli haa abownthtm that-Victomlscapableofbe. coming * manufacturing country, without making any sacrifice pf free trade, princi- Political agitation being either dead or oomatdae, ^-(Bntejjtei m our peoplp fcre being ekcluslvely directed to the prosecution of industrial enterprises, and tbe applications fer ladies tinder the 27th and 48th clauses of tie new Iiand Act prove the activity tbe spirit which is now abroad, and ihe cpn Sd£ace which is felt in the new sources of wealth opened up to u» by the cultivation of tbe vine, the olive, the mulberry, and other products capable of being raised from our fertile soil. We look forward, Indeed, {o tbe arrival of a time when the aspect of the fitirer portions of this colony will resemble (architectural enterprises apart) that of Tuscany. There are in any points of similarity, indeed, between the soil, climate, and physical characteristics of that "country, and those of many parts of Victoria; and if we wished to point out an exam^B of.jirtiat may be accomplished by im industrious people in the way of enriching stod beautifying a country, we do ooit know that we could cite a better instance thau that of Tuscany. Not larger in extent than OippB Land it supports a population of nearly 3,000,000 souls ; and tbe whole face of the country is that of a smiling garden. Its summers are as hot as our own, but its winters are much colder- Its rivers, like many of ours, are torrents at one seaaon of the year, and shallow rills at another. It has no navigable stream like the Murray, and but one seaport. Nevertheless, tbe industry of man, and the bounty of nature, have converted it into a Paradise; and no one who has ever crossed the Appenines from Bologna, and seen Tuscany lying, like a map, at his feet, but must have lieen fascinated with the loveliness of the prospect, and impressed with the diligence of it* population. And what Tuscany is, the agricultural areas of Victoria will become. Our natural advantages are as great, our mineral riches far greater, and the energy and intelligence of our people still superior; while our system of agriculture is infinitely preferable to that which prevails there. But in two important particulars the example of Tuscany is worth quoting. She is a large producer of wine and oil, and silk ; and she established the principles of free trade years before they were introduced into England bit Mr. Huskisson or Sir Robert Peel f and hence the manufactures of Tuscany assumed an importance long before the commencement of tbe present century, which they have never lost. The silk manufactories of Florence, the woollen fabric* of Prato, and the cutlery of Pist-oja, may vie with those or any country in the world. Nevertheless, the wages paid to the factory operatives are higher 'relatively to the cost of living) than the wages of the same class in England. The wines of Tuscany have acquired great celebrity, and the produce of the soil is so abundant that while a quart flask of the choicer qualities is procurable for about tenpence at the respectable hotels, a light and wholesome wine is vended atf££d a quart, at the little roadside inns. We have tasted wines, however, the growth of these colonies, equal to the best pf Tuscan; and we trust that the day is not far distant when the product of our vintage will be brought within tbe reach of all classes, and sold at a price which, wbile it proves remunerative to the grower, will enable it to be seen on every table at the noon-tide and the evening tneaL Thai thig anticipation will be realized at no very remote period, is apparent from the rapid extension of vine-cultivation and from the impulse it will receive from the favourable provisions of tbe new Land Act. Nor in it for vineyards only, that leases are being applied for, under that law. We observe that the applicants contemplate the planting of the obve, the mulberry, the hop, the almond, the French and Turkish prune, the eider apple, tbe banana, the orange, tig, and pomegranite, together with tobacco, cotton, and gram. All these products will supersede imports to a like amount, and will, to that extent, add so much to tbe wages fund, and the circulating medium of the colony- All these industries will necessitate the employment of additioual labour, and will create a demand tor articles produced by local 'handicraftsmen. Hie wine, olive, and apple grower will reuire casks and presses; tbe preparer o r drii qui ed fruits will want neat boxes and tasteful labels for his fies and prunes, almonds and raisins; the cultivator of the mulbenj will call into requisition tbe resources of women and children to attend to his silkworms, and collect the cocoons; and the tobacco planter will have occasion for hands to pick the leaves and prepare tbem for delivery to the manufacturer. And all tbe persons so employed must be fed and clothed and housed, and will thus be the means of benefitting storekeepers and artisans of every description ; so that one new industry is the fruitful parent of many others, «nd each, while participating in, augments tbe sum of the general prosperity, which is far more effectually promoted by means like these than it would be by years of political agitation and turmoiL 