THE PROROGATION. After ten months' fighting, talking, and voting, the at one time apparently inter- minable parliamentary session, has at length come to a close, and though many measures of the deepest importance to the wellbeing of the colony have either escaped considera- tion or have been shelved till the next ses- sion, the results on the whole are such as we can hardly fairly cavil at. Foremost amongst the grievous ghosts that have haunted us for years, has been the Land Question, but this at length is, at least for a time, laid by the Crown Lands Sale and Occupation Bill, and the peg on which many a demagogue hung his hat and roused his hearers, has been ruthlessly cut away. To have disposed of that question is no small feat in legislation, particularly when it is considered that the conservatism of the Council and the diver- sified views of the Lower House, had to a cer- tain extent to be harmonised. To bring, per- sons holding strong opinions, as wide asunder as the poles, to agree on even such a compro- mise as the present bill, confessedly is no small achievement. It has, however, been done, and though the newly matured measure may not be all that could be desired, it is a very good instalment of reform. Altogether, during the session twenty-four bills have been finally assented to by His Excellency, and two others have been reserved for Her Majesty's assent. The former consist of, a Bill for granting £422,250 towards the service of the year, the Appropriation Act, the Real Property Bill, the Frauds on Creditors Prevention Bill, Gold Export Duty Exemption, Scab Act Amend- ment, Customs Laws Amendment, Crown Land Sale and Occupation, Injuries, Distillation, Gold Mining Leases, Common Schools, Railway Loan, Weights and Mea- sures, Fisheries Act Amendment, Drainage of Reefs, Licensed Publicans, Opium Duties, Anatomy Schools, Church Act Amendment, Medical Practitioners, Administration of the Law (Justices), Civil Service,. and Preserva- tion of Game Bills. The two reserved are the Aliens, and the Preferable Liens Bill. In glancing down this list, we discover many much wanted enactments. We find that the Real Property Bill, notwithstanding the vigilant watchfulness of the law officers, as keepers of legal preserves, has been assented to, and we may therefore conclude that the threatened "case" will either not be forwarded after all, or that even if it is, it will be a harm- less document. On the same ground, we may presume that that the new Act will come into operation immediately. The Gold Ex- port duty too has been very properly re- duced, and may in future be most righteously abolished. An amendment in the Mining Leasing System has also been effected in the bill for that purpose. Whether the country has much to thank the Government for is doubtful, however, as far as the latter item goes, inasmuch as it is supposed that dis- putes at Anderson's Creek, which district may be said to be the only metropolitan goldfield, have been the moving causes of any legislation on the subject. The Distillation Bill permits distillation of spirits under cer- tain conditions. This will prove a great gain to the agricultural population, and there can be no reason now why colonial distillers should not compete on advantageous terms with their British brethren. An opening for the conversion of surplus grain into spirits is thus afforded, and the result must be to secure a steady market for grain growers. One of the most important bills, perhaps, which has become law, is Mr Heales's Common Schools Bill, and the country must feel deeply relieved at having thrown off the incubus of sectarianism, which the denomi- national system has so long fostered For this boon the Ministry can claim no credit; quite the contrary, for not only did the Chief Secretary oppose Mr Heales's bill in every stage, but he further introduced a bill of his own, which though superior to the rival systems hitherto obtaining, preserved intact the sectarian divisions from which we have so long suffered. However, the opposition was fruitless, and we can cordially congra- tulate the Legislature on having passed what promises to be a comprehensive, simple, and in most respects, sufficient measure. The Weights and Measures Bill has been a long time promised, and has come at last, greatly to the delight and profit of heads of families in these altered times. The Drainage of Reefs was a rock on which our Mining Board split, for though they exercised their highest legislative acumen on the subject, they were told after all that their labor had been wasted, as in fact they had no jurisdiction, and their carefully prepared byelaw relating to this subject was disallowed. The Legis- lature have, however, stepped in and effected the object in view. The Licensed Pub- licans have again been considered, but whether they will be benefitted by their latest law, remains to be seen. Another very oppressive impost has also been removed during the past session, viz., the Chinese .Residence Tax, and we have no doubt that whilst an irritating source of discontent has been abolished, the revenue will be very little deteriorated. The Civil Service Bill too will be the means of securing a high class of public servants, their positions being as it were assured to them during the due and faithful discharge of their duties, and the power given them of demanding an en- quiry, if unduly or capriciously discharged by the head of their department, will, we doubt not, prevent more "Harvey" cases. The other labours of the Parliament have all more or less value, and as we previously re- marked the session though a protracted has not been a fruitless one. But, whilst admitting all that is good, we think there have been grave errors of omis- sion, and the mining community have very lit- tle on their parts to be grateful for. At the commencement of the session we were pro- mised a new Goldfields' Act, and one was even introduced. The glaring faults of the exist- ing measure were constantly being dis- covered, and immediate redress was promised. This pledge has not been fulfilled, and stands against the Ministry at the coming session. Again with respect to providing for an adequate water supply, no steps have been voluntarily taken for any general measure, and it was only owing to the strenuous exertions of the Sandhurst mem- bers, that a sum of £2000 was allowed to be subtracted from the water supply, irreve- rently the "duckpond" grant, to provide for the survey even of a scheme to supply two of the principal goldfields of the colony. The District Councils Bill, too, has appa- rently been "lost to sight" hut "to memory dear" but we hope for its reap- pearance on some more propitious day. However, as Rome was not built in a day, so all our wants can hardly be provided for in a single session, and as now all the difficul- ties, all the pieces de resistance of legislation, have been cleared away, and party spirit can have no further excuse for showing itself we have grounds for hoping that in the coming session mines and miners may meet with more attention. The recess will give Ministers a chance of bringing up all their postponed work, and we fully expect that though the coming session will be in all pro- bability infinitely shorter, it will also be more inversely advantageous to the gold- fields communities. 