MR. PED GEBS' HALF-CROWN. j A STOBY TOR EASTBBV"1"*" - . " All th» world'* a «Ugo, ^ , ' . , And »ll th« men »nd women merely jAojer«,", ? So tho; are I-but as each,particular aot .of our atrani , eventful history U played out,, what.. becomes oft! scenery? i .. Stored away in the dim receises of the mind, ara tl ecenea wbioh figured in the comedies and tragedies enaote in our everyday life- covered with tbe dust and oobwel of bygone years ; like the buce ' flats' and ' wings' of th theatre, that lean with their bleared faces against the wal until a repetition of tbe pieces for wbioh they were orig; nally intended, again calla them into réquisition. . Yea, though unused, they are still iii existence, and j merely requires tho aid of the lld scene-shifter, Memon " to adjust thom, in crder to ' reproduce' sDmo of our start ling, carly-Ufo dramas. ft is Good Friday moraine;, and the streets pf Sydne are alive with vendors of . bot cross-buns,' who Bliout oe , the praises and prices of their commodities os if life an dentil depended on tboir efleoting a speedy clearance c . their stock-in-trade I > ? Eager men, who seem to linvo slept in their clothes i order to be * up in the morning early,* hurry along wit] hoare baskets covered with snowy cloths ; or guide barrow puled by energelio dogs, who seem to bave quite as mud an eye to business as their masters ; even the blind me: -who are engaged io tho samo branch ol business - trudg »long moro confidently than usual: their very dogs sooc to have a brightened expression of countenance, and leal their masters in the proper direotiou on thia espeola morning-contrary to the admitted practice of blind men' doga io general. But,aniidBt the clamour and confusion which prevuilt ia suggested to my memory a little 'interlude,' in which '. played rather o prominent part ; and the Drowning incl dent of wbioh'was euaoted in the good, old ' bot oross bit time!' Well, it waa Wait a bit I-just give that celebrated 'soene-painter, . faney, time to'set'thesoenes, and to give thom a littli axtra'colour where the 'lii(bts' have faded; «nd then witl the aid of the prompter, Memory, we shall get along Bwim< ! mingly. Tba play ia about to begin-the'overture bas commence! ' -the musicians play fast and furiously-the little atoul Sintleman with toe ' first fiddle,' and the individual witl e dru» aro making frantio endeavours to pick up th) . time'-Hark 1 a faint tinkle ! "Off with your bata in the front there 1 Sit down, all down, will you I Don't you hear the bell ringing I" The bell does ring, and the onrtain rises ; disclosing (»! the play-billa have it). Scene lat-A Village Landaoape .A.Viliage Landscape! where?' you exclaim In astonishment Never mind, kind reader-we will not enquire too closelt aa to its locality ; eunice it that it is the little apot where J ? first aaw the light, and situated some two hundred mile: from the mighty heart of England-London I It was a place of aome importance, too, in the eyes of tb< world-at least in the eyes of ..its own inhabitants ; il ' boosted a pnblio'house, with a landlord as jolly and fat ai landlords ara alwaya represented to be, whioh happy indivi dael lorod to ait at bis own door, smoking a long pipe, ant gaxing admiringly at the swinging sign-board, on whioh ' was depioted something sopposed to represent a Hon-bnl whioh bore a striking resemblance to a scarlet wheelbarrow with four legal Underneath this glaring attempt at illustrating Natural \- History, the artist, with praise «orthy foresight, had writ- ten-' The Ked Lion,' so aa th ro ? could be no miataki about tba animal 1 and fnrlkermore ¡ the board went on tc átate that within there waa 44 Good Entertainment for mir ? and beast, by Josiah rodgers." ' ' My earliest ideas seem associated, with an undertake! .nd a funeral. it was tbo funeral of my father, and tba crowd of peoplt who attended it quite filled our little front 'parlour J remember, wondering why they, all kept so quiet, as if tho j were afraid of waking him boforo they got bim safe off tc the ohurcb-vard. * . , , X" remember wondering, too-in my childish way t, .¿whether jolly -faoed Mr. Podgers was crying because ray ' lather,waa itoud, or became he liad lost a good, customer ; , aind also whotlier Mr; Black, the undertaker, waa aflVc'ed in , tho samó mauuer.because he bad tho trouble of, burying him ! and with wimt astonishment I picked sp that worthy ; man's pookot handkerchief to lind it not wot u blt' ; though : he hod been assiduously applying it tu his eyes for'han our ar'so !' . " ?' lt waa a doll, cold, oheerloss, biting wintor'a morning as we-my mollie-, little Fan, and I-atood round tbo grave ?ntl listened to the kind old minister's vàce, and tho 1'JW, aolemn sound of the clods falling on tito coffin-lid ; and 1 «lt considerably rolioved when we got back to tho snug little parlour, with the merry, blazing Uro, whore wo oould alt eoiy and comfortable, and liston to tbe hungry wind prowling up and down tho streets, and the creav, creak, of Mr. Ped gera unintelligible sign-board as it swung hurriedly to and fro. That day 1 stemed destined to bo unfortunate; for in soy endeavours to oreep round to whoro uly, slater waa ait ting on a footstool by the Gre, I trod rather heavily on my uno! o's toe, and iu my confusion bumped my head ngainst the glass he was conveying to his mouth, spilling the con- tenta over his best broad cloth snit. Ha frowned, but I wasn t a bit afruid of him when I sat down on the hearth-rug by tho aide of little Fun, and looked in tho glowing caverns of tho Uro, fanoyiug bow that * nubly ' lump of coal, aparkling and shining all over, looked Uko tue jovial, good-humoured face of Mr. Joalah Pedger* ; and thinking how much that dark, unsociable piece that wouldn't burn, resembled tho atom, harsh lea tures of my uncle. It was pretty Jato in tho evening when the ' company ' began to loave ; but when tho door had olosod behind tho last, my unolo draw hia chair closer to the fire, and com- menced a oonverBa'.ion with my mother. " Ahem I" he began, clearing his throat-"bad job this, Lucy, fur you and the children; very bad job-but still, take it as you will, lt cat.'t be hulp'd now." Without replying, my mother hurst into a flood of toara, waisted by little Fun-whilst I, for to toll tho truth I be- gan to feel pretty lonely noa* tho company hud gone, fol- lowed suit. "Now," continued my uncle, with the air of a dentist who tells you not to wince, while ho is ot trading a refrac- tory 'griudor *-" now, 1 know H'M very natural, and all that, and peoplo will do it ; but still there ian't the lout aenso iu moping and orying nftor a t orson that's doad and gone. Now, look at mo I ' Thus invited we all regarded . him willi a very fixed ataro, as if hs was about to indulge in somo very extraordinary porforraanco-"Yes-look ut mel" He, my uncle, inclined his head in tho direotiou of the ohuroh-yard-"hewaa ray brother-tho only ono Iliad, »nt do I wuop, ma'am ? I might, but what's tue use of it? To bo atiro Frank was a good, warm-hearted fellow-pity bo hadn't a .bettor notion of business-but I-well, well ; it's no uso blaming him now -but 1 will say that if bo had attended a llttlo closer to pound», shillings, and pence, he might have died with tho satisfaction of know- ing ho had left you in a bettor position to sustain bia loss." ., After tb!)-for bim-unusually long speech, my unole took a long, very long ' pull ' at his tumbler of brandy and water. My mother still wept on ; once, indeed, abo voatured to remark about ' poor Frank' being ' io unlucky.' " Tush I stuff and nonsense 1 " exclaimed her brollior in-law, half angrily, " that ia tho cry of tho world, Lucy ; the mere oan't of a class who rv/ftbopoor -ratherthan for- sake their thriftless habits. Unlucky 1 - no andi things 1 ' Business, ma'am, business-that ia tho kay which opens tho door to socoest 1 Now there's Paul, thore," ho wont on, looking at mes with lill oold ' fish-Uko eyes.-" I doro say .'if I trained him up in the way Lo should go, and ho was to look ont sharp and improvo tho idoaa which I ihoniil Instil, perhaps ho night rldo in hil carriego ono of tlioso day.-,'i. nd thereby become an honour to himsolf and to'lila family) but let bini lollow his nwii tuolitiatlon, and I'll warrant wo'll see him 1 ting on lu hls'fatbor's h*nd .'_' tr>-moath stylo'; and marrying, and dying, ¿nd loaring bia wifo ns poor and unprovided f r aa Frank appears to .nave left you-mind 1 Idou't with to blame aiiyonethat'sdcudand gofie-bocauso it's no uio wba'.ovcr doing so.' Well, what dp yon say, Paul, tay boy? what do you think of a trade, eh I bow would you Uko to bo a clerk, ora lunker, po'rbaps I Eh 1 wliat'a your opinion ?" , "Ihesitated in giving my idea coaoernlng a profession; in fact, I ' didn't «ko tho Idea nt all If lt Involved a parting . with my mother and llttlo Fan. , Moreover my' inclinations wavered between an itinerant .sitlor who travelled tho country, possesing knives of I dSi't know how many blades I and au individual oonncotod taVi a Puuoh'aTheatre, and who- with the aid of ti drum ana set of Pandean pipes-formed the entire oioheitra appertaining to that amusing' aud InslrnoUre drams, llowover, I decided in favour'of tba latt0u, when I ro . Membered bow little Fan had enjoyed tho Ara, when Ulla nan caught the doll flung ont of tho window by the enraged Punch; so after a llttlo turtlier'nealtatlon'I told my uuolo , that'If ho pleased 1' 1 should Uko'to ko ibo .hand' to a Pun oh and Judy 1 7 I é)iáll novar forget my poor moth r's look or bo? ll 1er j neut, or my unolo'a expreaalou of auger aud aitoniahmoiit a> ¿mauo thia startling announcement I - ' Tho look of the alum-featured judge, who oujifidonlla'lr I Minn's poor Punch that be la to-be hun« by Olm nock ill . hoi» 'doad-dead - dead,'iwaa nothing to lt I V ,j ' At last bia feelings buraC forth with tho exclamation of '.r-V I thought aol-thia ootnea of tba hoy raking about Qa, aireóla like a'"gipsy,'vagrant| hunting after those " . . atfaamal afcow^lu^taaa, up lu a respectable, i r r. i . " ? ? -I [J - M basiñess-llke manner !" and, amidst my mother's tears'aï exornes for coy obildúhness, I was bundled off 'to bed" disgrace; without bflhif permitted tokiss littls Fan.- - There I tossed restlessly about, thinking of reih-of tl cold, damp graveyard w'lioro they bad Jeft my father j ai wishing that I might Bbaro bl» clammy, narroy reatinj place, rather than become acquainted with the.'buaines babita.' wbiob lind rendered my uriolo so cruel and calton hearted. . . " At last I fell asleep and dreamt that I bad surreptitious! become acquainted with a travelling * Punch;-how n uncle came after mo, in the guise of the burly ben'le- ai willi what satisfaction 1 boat him over the head,'aurl Hire him out of the window ! Thou f fancied they were goir. to hang me-had placed tho rope over my. bend -and awoke in a groat fright, to find - instead of tbe fatal noa: -my mother's, arms around my neok,aud her tears fallió on my fnoo. Tho sun had risen suiliclanUy high to peep over tho sho window-blinds, long bcl'uro I awoke from sleep ; so, makin a hasty toilet, I ran doivu stairs aud joined the breakfa party. lt was a silent, solemn, melanolioly meal ;' and so opprc sive was tho stillness, tbat even tho biasing of tho toa-un or the gurgle of the steaming beverage trickling into tl cups, funned a pleasant relief to the monotony. Young i I was, I had a vaguo perception tbat this was but tl prelude to something still more unpleasant ; therefore I wi not surprised whoa, at the conclusion ot the moal, m uncle addressed mo in a half stern - half ooneiliatory mac ner. " I hare bad a conversation with your mother, raul," h bogan-" as to the beat means of patting you in a poi it io to become a good and honest m m : to attain this end w have deoided on placing j ou attcbool for three years, s the end of which time I hope to re.eivea good account ( you. For the present, your mother and your sister wt remain hero ; in the meanwhile I shall not forget to loo after your future prospects. Of course it will bs an ¡rr monte expense-an enormous expense to me, bat nore mind that, - take my advice, Patti j stick to business, au we'll make a man of you yet !" Make a man of mo !-it ever I required a little bf who tbe world colls ' mannish' spirit infused into me it was at tbs particular moment ! It WM all very well for my nnole to talk in this off-lian and business-like style,, of home and friends:-perhaps b didn't care for his family and home ; at all avents he we always there whether ho cared fur it, or not : but poor me condemned ta leave everything I hail on earth to loi o-ho the miles and miles and miles of spaoo would close bellin me like tbe waves of the Ked Sea-tbat closed behind th fngitive Israelites-and how perhaps, they would blot on every reooUeotion of fond hearts, and smiling faces-an Home ! How was I to exist without the love of my mother t-ho' waa I to live without the affection of little. Fan, and th beautiful smile and sparkling eyes of lovely Agnes-th miller's daughter I-even ruddy-laced Mr rodger's, seeme to oomo in for a corner in my heart i And then the inanimate things-the dear, old cottag itself ! and the garden, with the poor little planta tbat I an Fan removed into separate beds once a fortnight, an wondered why they dido t thrive better with all this'chang of oir!" Then there was the island in the middle of the strom with its fringe of bright green ruBhes, and the osiers b nd ingorer, and plunging playfully into tbo chiming waters the deep quiet mill-pool-and the old mill itself, tko hom of dear, gentle Agnes. 7 i However,!my uncle's mind .was made up, and, as I seeme rather undecided about it, he made up my mind for me ! , He hada friend-Ça kind, fatherly old gentleman, he said -who kept n school about ninoty miles from our village and' to the aare of this 'fatherly' individual I was to li transferred at the end of a week ; in the meantime I was f he allowed to ramble about the 'village as much as | pleated. ' ' ' '? ?' . . . .- One thing I rejolcod at exoeodingly, and that waa that rn, unole, with h's ' cruel-hoart and 'business-like'1 face, wa going home next day, and was going to writo t Slr Oraycbook, the schoolmaster, so tbat tue gontleraa: might anticipate, my arrival. . And how I did ramble ! With my sister, and dear, gentl little Agnes for companions I wanderod among all my oil familiar scones, which seemed to me to grow more beautl fui thé nearer the day approached wherein 1 was to bid then all 'good-bye': I was' up before tho sun began to gild Mr Fodgor's enigmatical sign- bonni ; and I was still rnoiblinj. about tlio'viUago or'its vicinity when tho pale-looking moot came flitting over the tiled roof of Mr.'Pedger's bo'el-1 refrained from taking/roy "jnóale until hanger could be nt Unger restrained,; then tlavouring thom with avidity, ) rushed out to again ronew'icy wanderings. * How quickly tho days pb,»sod by ! To my boyish funoy Time seemed particularly anxious to hurry this canoola week to a close. .Oh I 'how happy would 1 have been if I like Joshua of old-could have commanded tho sun to stam still, if even for only haifa dayl '.Now,*'-'perhaps, on, kind but¡rapnticntrcajrr,'exo'áíni "Whit on earth bas Mr. Pedger's anti your early village lifi to do with Good Friday ?" I ooramonoe with my father's fanerai because it was then I first saw my unele- if 1 bad never so?n my uncle, in al probadility luoter should have been sentioMr.Orayebeokl school-and if I bad never visited that getitlcman'i academy I should never have made tbo acquaintance o Ckudwlck, tbe pastry-cook, and then. Well, they aro ali lluka forming an enlim chain, and 1 chooso to feel my waj by that chain rather than miss a link and grope about foi the detached portion. Tho day arrived at nst-so did tho coitoh which was tc convey mo to my now home; and we startod amid thc tears ef my mother, Annes, end litt o Fan, and thc muttered 'good-byes' of Mr. Pedgcrs, who slipped a small parcel into my hand, and shook bia head,' which last move- ment caused a little round tear to roll down his little rod noie and to tremolo on the end thereof. Mr. Pedgers looked up at tho sky -in order to mike us believo it was only a drop of rain that had fallen from til J clouds; but lioding tho Heaven) clear and not a cloud to no seen, ho shook his head again, and looked meditatively at tho swinging aign-board. . I bsd ruado some little progress in loarnincf-got up tho first two or three rounds of tho ladder-as it wero ; under tbo especial supervision of our village'dominie ;' sol started from homo inipresicd with a very solf- satisfuctory ido.i con- cerning tbe vast profuudity of my learning ; and wondered whether all the boys of Craychook's school were as wiso as I was ! Taking it on tho whole. I caii't say tho journey wns n pleasant ono-I remember crying foran huiir or two, amt thon opening Mr. Pedger's pa'cel to seo whether ibero was any aomfort in that-found it composed of u bright, now half-crown-a pipe, and tobacco and a bottle of wonk gin nnd water I Tho two latter I gare ti tho couchman ut mado my trouser pocket a* trcasuro house' for Ibo bull orown wliero it felt warm and kindly. I was not Impressed in favour of" Oinyoliook's Acadamy" by ita appearance, for it had a most severe, atony-like as- pect-something betwoou njnll and a workhouse I aid I felt a cold thrill shoot through my frame, ns I took tl:o iron bell-pull in roy band. A tall, hungry-looking Ind ap Cenrod in answer to my summons, and looked at mo with a alf inquisitive, half-compassionate stare, in response to my inquiries respecting tho master, ho informed me, that he " didn't know whether that gentío nina was at homo : li o might be, but thon ag∈ bo mightn't-howa'evor, he'd go and see."-With tbis very guarded opinion ho left me shivering in tho cold ; and shortly returned to otnduot mo to ' tho 'presonco'-re- marking iu a sort of interrogatory manner that ho 'sposcd I was a now boy . I might be, but then again, I mightn't -'howover, ho wlshou me Joy of my coming to Old Cra.vahook's I ' , 1 found Mr. Groyohook lo be a large sized gontlemnn In fact, lie suggested te my memory the song about the in- dividual who resembled " two single gentlomen rolled into ono." . ile had a high, bonevoleut-looking forehead, too, which seemed to run right up to tho top of his head and dowu the back again, Tor bia bead was aa baldy as tho two big globos in bia library-wi th tho exception of two amati bunches of hair wLiob sprouted uut at the sides, and seemed always trying to look . at ono nn.ther round tho back of his hood I He hod a' arraugo habit of tapping his forehead with bis finger previous to speaking-as if shaking a littlo sense downintofals body-and to whioh habit I attributed tbe fact of his baldness ¡ the hair, in my opinion, hating boon worn away by attrition. Altogether hebad a very wiso-avery 'Enqulro within upon everything'-look about him ¡ and when be told me to go and make the acquaintance of my futuro play mal os I left bim with an immense opinion of ula merits as a man and a schoolmaster-an opinion whioh was speedily dissolved by tho tenn produced by my first thrashing I . I bad an inkling of his oharaotor on my Introduction to Ibo play-ground-not only from tho ominous looks of my sohuolfellows iu general, but from tho information of tho hungry-looking boy who had opened tho gate on my arrival \- lu particular. Thia Indivldualatylud Mr. Orajobook ' tho old 'un'-and furthermore remarked respectively tbat be, (tha schoolmaster) waa a ' rummun, ralhor I'-a re- mark which tho rest of the boys eectned to upproelato savtlyt and on my asking whether Mr.l Cru jobo iVa ' ri tiiiniiiokh' WM ot n ¡J aiing natttro-or otherwise - 1 waa Informed that ho was a ' reg'lar awlah-tall'- which am- biguous expression 1 fully interpreted a day or two -. after- wards. ' ,' . '<. ».'. I It waa a dull, monotonous routine of eilatlooo-that Hf« at " Crayohook'i Aoabemy." . ?. ..».?-.. .. . 1 ? j Tbe master thrashed tts during school-hours t mad we had pltohed bsttlea among ourselves daring tlirei-fouttbs ol'tbo tlme wewireiu tho playJgroonl i but these served 1 ratler to increase thp dreary sameness, for tbey cai roñad with ns unvarying regulerity'as the aun that peop ovorour Ugh louoolyarl wall-although he was al way a i Jons while about It, ns If ho was asliamod of being seen - .non a prison bs oura I The one, little joy willoh shod its lonely lustre ovor o younghoorta was a pastry-cooks tbop !-yes, sueh nsho -such i n' pastry-cook !-und such ' a pastry-cool daughter I . .The majority of tho boys declared in favour of t (empting wares displayed in the lltlla howrwindow-but ignoring a boyish.fuste fur.suoh luxuries, looked at Flito . (that was her name ; and made her the idol and the1 dr dre ira of ray soul. In fact so smitten was I with t charms of tho pastry- cook's lovely daughter, that 1 half d : teriuined to enter the old gentleman's tervico, under t " pretenco' of learning the business*-there I would have i opportunity of explaining my vlew¿ to FJitabe,-with who I wo» eventually to elope... , In this projeot I was to bo assisted hy BImmaole (tho hu: i gry-looking boy, who styled our revered tutor-'the o .un ) who was lo have a p'st-cbaise in waiting at the cc uer of tho lane ;? and in return for which important servi ,' I WOB to gratify the said Bimmaclo's taste wi:h as mu ítalo pastry as he csnld cat. whenever ho visited the sin -which .was not to be moro than three tirutB a week, 1 fear of a wa li oiling old Chudwick'a suspicions. My furlli intentions were rather vague and indefinite, but aU resolví themselves ¡uto the liopa nf something 'turning up.' .Crayohook's Academy' lay nearly a mlle from tho town Slambcrtou, where Mr. Ghtidwick's establishment WBB situi ted. ¡So that it waa only on our ' few and far-between ' hoi duys that wo had an opportunity of visiting his shop i b when we did go, wo went with the intention of enjoyit ourselves, anu did so accordingly. I need scarcely dwell in dui ail on the first fow weeks spent at school - BUffiee it that four long dreary mon1, pawed over ; like leaden waves surging to a dark ttud II: known shore, (for such a shoro was the future to me, m ono or two others in 'Crayohook's Academy'1) and th the Easter Holidays came round and boys went to pleasa homes - at , least . those who had picosa homes togo to-one by ose to realize the bright plotur thev had boen conjuring up that happy eventful season. Thor all weat with tho exception et Bimmaole and I, ai we enjoyed a grim supremacy, reigning conjointly over tl deserted play-ground-for my uncle bal stipulated wi Mr. Cray'chook that my holidays should be as limited i poasibla ; os to Mr. Bimmaclo ho didn't kuow nnythir, more of his father than that ho was oaplain of a frigate t a collier-he didn't know which-as lo the rest of bis roll tions, bo didn't know anything at all about them-sothi his ' vacations ' were always spent at sohool, - Mr. Crayoliopk might have enlightened us on this poin but as he régulât ly received the terruB for Bimmaole ednoation he always answered that individual's enquiries t tapping his forehead -a ghostly smile, andan assurant i that it was "all'right" ~ " It was Good Friday Eve, and we-Bimmaole and I iii under thc solitary tree which struggled for a bare sobs! i fence in our play-ground, and which (I speak on tt authority of Bimmaole himself) never had a leaf on fer tl i space of five years. .' Tinder this melancholy, - verdnrelei >' atutnp, we sat and conversed of home,'(or rather'of ra homo, for poor Bimmaole hud none to talk about) and the Pas i from which dur thoughts gradually embraced the Presen ? and then reverted to the little village of Slamberton, an ?' the pastry-oook's shop: ? ' ' . r "lt's a long while BIHCO WO had - anything from Ohm wick's, ain't it!" said Bimmaole, reflectively. ' ' ?' I assented-while my thoughts turned, magnet-like t Pfccebe. i , i "He's a rum'un, is Obudwiok," continued Bimmacl looking vacantly up at the stars; who, in return, looke i1 down'fct him and wiuked Jocosely-" but he's a right 'u i' at his trade, thongh ain't he?" "Yes-ain't they sweet?" I mumured dreamt', thinking of Phobtfs lips. ? «. Ain'tthoy Just !" said Mr. . Bimmaole, with a abor i' sepulchral laugh ; " it's a good while linee I tastodi'en i though I " ;. ' . .''lasted what !" I cried, in amazement. ,; '.Why, them pies as wo had from Ohndwick's, never s i Iongogo." ...... 4. . . , ii .. Oh !" f replied, considerably relieved. _ "Yo*," continued my companion reverting to tho stat of bis funds -" and ain't got à penny-not likely to ge ono. . . . . " You know that sugar we baked in the old 'un's kettle last week!" I assented. \- <. When we burnt the bottom out, and set the kltobe: chimbley afire ?" oontinued my friend, in an eiplanator tone. 1 1 nodded again " Well, Tm blessed if tho old 'un hadn't a linker in th kitchon to-day, a mor.diug tho kettle ; and he's goto nn stopped my last pocket-monoy-' to defray1 expenses .? h says half fur mending the kettle, and the rest fur the swee; I as pat tho fire out?" ' Bimmaole groaned grievously, and I moaned a very goa 1 second,' and then by way of consoling him, nnd myself toe I ventured to suggest that the following day being Q; ol Friday, wo would bavo an opportunity of rcuowing our nc quaintattce with some of Mr. Chudw ioU's waros. " IIot-crosB-buiis, yoi mean, do you ?. ' said Bimmnclc regarding mo with a compassionate ul. nco. "No,youdou' though ! Why, bless your heart 1 the o d'un never bas nc buns-ho don't - Good Friday or no Good Friday I" I looked aghast. " The Idea ! ' continued Bimmaclo with a ghostly ohucklo -"'why look at that wall-" I did so. " Can you see anything on tho other title of it ?" "Iadmitted that my vision was nob acute enough foi that. " Well, yeti might just as well try lo look through thal wall, as try to seo through Old Craychook,"-with willoh striking illustration of tho schoolmaster's opaolty, Mr fJimmnolo winked his eyes alternately, and gave a very alarmingly choking sort of u chucklo us if something lind gone thu wrong wny. " lluvo you got any money ?" he asked abruptly, I shook my bend doapoudiiigly. " Because if you lind'' Hu ! glorious thought.' Thero was tho half-crown given tue by Mr. Podgers ( - f hail torcd a bolo in It, and had it aafely suspended Hguiti it my breast- about where 1 thought, my heart was ; mid overy day it s:cme J to grow more warm anti kindly than ever ! C uM 1 patt «¡til it ? No! and yet-go without buns on Guotl Friday ? bo a stranger and au alien to that good old custom ? - novar ! f-'o 1 pullo 1 tho c.in out nnd slr.weJ it to Bimmaole. 'finit gentleman tttter/y denounced my sotuples nbont parting with Mr, 1'»il- ors' gift, suggesting thar. I might keep sixpence out ot it-and lt would feel just ns «urtu l" '1 ho cu l of our consultation was, wo tossed np tho half crown to see who should sea lo tho school-wall anti go for thc anticipated luxury, when old Craychook o'l aslcop. 1 lost. It wns fully midnight befóte I started on my dating mission t for, although thc proprietor of tho '. academy' bad hud lils bald head buried ia the pillow for moro than two hours, nnd might tberefuro ho rensonnhly snppos d asleep, Dinimaclo suggested that perhaps Obudvtiok hadn't bali oil his lirst butch vet. Bo helped mo up the leafless tree, and then loworcd mo down on tho other side, like a bundle of olothes, at tho eud ol'a couple of sheets. A ol om! darted across th moon as my feet touohed tho fi «round, omi I ran oil'to tho villago with the parting In* jurctions of Bimmaole still whispering in my cars: - "Don't keep out in tho moonlight moro than you can help iou don't Ii now the old'un-ho mightn't ba uslcop after nil, lie mlgluifi ho looking out of the window, but then again, he might, und 'twas better to make suro I" Bo 1 skirtud the hedges Uko a frightened taro, uni in nil probibillty would not have ceased running provIouB to retching Cimet wicks shop, if 1 lind nob been ohecked abruptly by u bright flash of li(,lit streaming from an adjoining field, and tim 'sunni! of voices in low, I ut earnest coxicrsat'on. Now, if Iivas writing a ' ghost story' I should go on lo speak af apiwlral thaduna, und litrlmpB niontlon that an Immonsosmollif hrimitoiio prevailed ¡ but aslant morely recounting u reminiscence of my school-boy days 1 will candidly con less thnt when I hail crawled up thu hink of tho dltoh iu wbiali 1 had falion in my fi rat aUirtu, anil pcopod through tholiedgo, all that I saw was a small half, concealed dru in a tinker's furnace, and a pair of Ill- looking men scated in tho glaro, ono of whom Jndglnu' by Bimmil clo's doaorlptiun, wns tho Identical tinker wliu had tliut day been at work lu Crayohook's kitchen ! 1 may also add that the only perceptible linell of 'spirits' origiua'.cd In, and proceeded from, n bott lo of rum, with willoh the couplo regaled themselves, , ,rYo«, I thing lt's about limo," said tho tinker, pulling oiaJ,a cloud of tobacco-smoko aud watching it as It ourled lazily up in the oblll night air. V Tho old 'un'll be hard at work in the bake-house, so there won't bo no tlifleroiilty in outohin'on'im, right 1" . " You're aura, quite sure, you know the lay of tho tin, Nod ?" asked the other, anxiously. Without answering,the gentleman addressed as 'Med' took up the rum-bottle, and removing the pipo from hts mouth substituted tho neok of. tho bottlo instead, and dritiik.tiutll his ryes t okod out from bis head like thoso of a lobster 1 c... ., ,,,. i ,, -' Ibero I" ho oxo'tttnicd, na ho 'Inverted the hnltlo, and liaised it to bis companion-" Thoro Í-um 1 kcirect when J. «av as¡how that'ord bottle'! empty t" ?. ' .1- His companion admitted that, "eon«hierin' Hiere wann t a drop of nulBn in lt-be.'iposed lt waa.-' ' ", WolV'aafd.Nod, with a,very.sago-lookIng wink-"ao LI am wbon 1 says 1 knows where to lay tny paw un tho old .pastry-cook's blunt, like ttat ¡' and bia bond clutched'tl shoulder of bia companion, «rho gave an uneasy «tart ai »hook bim oft" angrily. . ...._"_ "Hoi bo!" laughed the tinker, uproariously, *'yer doti Uko tbe to"-Ii, tb, Jilli.! puta yer in mind, of summut III pleasant,'eb ?" ' . ' ; ' Bill liughod awkwardly, and gave lt as bia opinion tbi ibero waa enough of Hint ¡ir earnest-without Joktn about it. ' ' " So tbcre'ia, Bill ¡ so there ia ;" Baid tho tinker, wit drunken gravity - for lils last powerful draught was bogil nlngto operate-"a greatcoat too much of it, "for ban working folks liko us, Dill I * Dat only to think of ns fa ling on snoh a splendid 1 lav ' ns this, Bill ; after roissiii that crib tho night aforo last ! - put's yer in mind of whi them fellers in tba cony-books say about ' Virtue'.bein' i own reward,'eli ?" and tho spoaker inclined his head ti wards tho " Academy," (hereby inferring that Mr. Oro; chook was one of tho 1 fellers he alluded to I " Why, yor soe, Bill ; it was Jest ono o* the ways o' Trc vldonce ns thoso devils of boys bnrnt a bolo in the kittle it was jest another way o' Providence as I was called in I mend it, and hears all about the pastry-cook's money fro the Bchoolmabter's serva t-how bo Bavos it all up; an don't put none of it in the Bank, ' think o' that, Bill ! not of it in the Bank!" - . And tho two wretches rubied their hands togo'her glei 'fully ; whilst I felt my. blood rushing to my temples at tl thoDght of my funds (at sundry times invested at Ohm wick's Bun House) falling , into tho pookot? of thei miscreants-and anon chilling at tho audacity cf tho bm idea. "I 'spose there ain't no doubt about managing tho ol 'un ?" nervously remarked Bill ; who, albeit the biggest i the two seemed by far the greatest coward in point of ah mal oonrage. " I should think not !" responded Ned, contemptuously " why a blow with a feller's fist would settle hin ItoTs'evcr in the case of hacoidonts we'll take summut wit ns ns does its work and don't make no noise about neither! See here,' be continued, taking a knife fi oi hts tinker's « Mt . and flashing it in tho blight fin light-"PH swear bo wou't sing out m Hob witli this ia b wind-pipe!' Now, considering that the weapon Ned displayed was i dimensions something betweon a carving knife and dragoon's Sibro, it was very improbable that tho unfot tnnate pastry-cook would 'sing ont' at all, if th weapon was employed ia the Bervice its owner indicated. « And Ibo gal ?" enquired Bill. "Gals!" said Ned, derisively-''gah is nnthin' ! Jes you h:ld tint knife afore ber' if she kicks np a bsbberv that'll silence ber, I know !" \- " Bnt if it doesn't ? "-pursued Bill doubtfully. "If it doesn't, you mustn't let ber screeohingly siam between us and two or three 'undred pound. Anything bu that', you know, Bill I ' . How my flesh ' crept ' as I heard these two hardenei villains talking so coolly of crime and murder. How I trembled asl thought of poor, good-naturet little Fhobe, and merry old Chadwick, the father o Pboabe, and the maker of the excellent bnnB. What a logs to the community. I atolo stealthily from my hiding-place, the laBt thing '. beard being the proposal of the cowardly ruffian, Bill, t< .?moke another pipe, as ho " didn't feel quite tho thing." How' I sooured ' hack to ' Croychook's Academy,' ni crouching by hedges then, over tho field in the brigb full moonlight on-on-on, until I arrived panting nut breathloss, and no doubt as white ai tho sheets irh'ch stil fluttered over tho school-jar J wall. It bad been concerted that on my return 1 was (owhistli the, Ant few bara of on agreed-upon popular air i hut I wu too' utterly confounded to remember tho tone, oven if I lia breath enough to exécuta it ; sj I leaned against the wul and softly called- '. Bimmacle' All remained as silent as the grave. I repeated tub name in a louder key-then louder still but without anccess. What was lo bo dono? it wa evident' that Blmmaclo, fred of waiting hud gun to - bed, < and I was too faint to clim tho sheets Asa lost rosouroe I endeavoured to whistle tho tune, an. oonscqu'ntlv .made a miterablo attempt of itt-bu wretched as it wai, it succoedod. My schoolmate's head bobbed ap over the wall like thu of a ' Jaok-In-the- box'-and he oxclaimed : - " Why, it i you, after all ? why couldn't you nlilstlo bcfoio ! I though it was the old un calling out - trying to catch a fulton napping-so I wouldn't answer till I heard you whistle you see it mightn't bavo been Crayohook, but tlteu agali it m gilt, and-" II Oil Blmmaclo I '-I intorruptod him, and burst into t passion ate -flood of toara-"there-there's soiiiotliin; dreadful going to-to happen-or. bas happen'd al already.'' " What !" exclaimed Blmma-do sliding down to my sidt of tho wall-" you don't tneaii to Bay us you'vo lost thi balf-orown ?" No-no-no, but that fellow that mended Craychook'i kettle"- I went on. - " And got paid with my money 7" groaned Bimmnslo " Ye«, whut about him ?" " Him, and another one, are going to rob Phtcbe'i father, «nd if pior old Ohndwlok cries out, they're goiagto put a carving knife through is windpipe !" "Notaforo in's malo tho tuns for Good Friday-P tnko my nfl'er-davy ! * saiJ Bimmaole, determinedly, yet quite coolly-" hero hold on a minute," nnd bo . swurmed' over tho wall, speedily returning; with en old, unnscd cricket-bat whioh some . of our sohwlfollowa lind loft in tho yard,-and than 'bidding me keep aloso up. with him ho cut across the fields towards Slumberton. Tho village looked an unmistakably ' deserted' ono, a: we halted beneath tho uliadow of a dorrway, and held a whispered consultation as to what was to he dono. .' Wo'd hotter go and wake up Blink, first," reasoned Blmmaclo I proposed going to Cliudwlck's at once, and apprising tho old gentleman of bis danger. "Pooh! man'-said my companion-"why, they're tbcro by this timo nnd busy at work, no doubt : never mind, we'll rouse Blink, and then goto tho ahop." So it wai settled-nnd BO we hummered at the door of tho villago functionary, until that individual-very sleepy and very irritable-opcued the casement and enquired our business. ' Wo explained, mid Mr Blink-half drossed-groped his way down »lairs in the dark, and let ns in. 1 '< 111e;s my BOU! ! going to rob old Ctitttlwick, eh ? but, but we'll see about f at ! - why where the doune is my coat ? and so you hoard thom say-and my hat, too ? where tho Oh ! hero It is! Two ot'em,' didn't you say my lady. 1 reported uil I fcnow of tho affair. " Better call on Lucas, tho smith," said Blink, shaking Lia head in a very solemn manner, ha won't mind g i vi og n band. Two of om ! Bless my soul, I'd lotter bring that gun of mine," nt.d Blink grt ped lils way up stairs, tills time, whilst, we litlgetted tip nnd down tho room, and 1 oked np stairs impatiently, and thon out into tho ull, silent street. '.III! Mr. Blink, wo*ro going !''slioufol Bimmacle, and despite tho worthy oflicer'<< commands nob togo till ho cunio down-woran along tho Btreet-I unat med, and Bitnmuclo with tho old cricket-bat tneked under his urra like an umbrella. AB wo expected wo found tb9 door of Ohndwick's bakery unlocked, anti softly pushing it open wo onterod. Tho only vloihlo portion of the proprietor of tho bakery was a pair of short lat legs, kicking convulsively in the air, the rest ol hrs I'ody being held in the dough-trough by the individual 1 have" bototo introduced us Ned, tho tinker ; « hiltt from thu Interior of tho trough a sound hanoi re- sembling tho du king gurgle ol a bottle of p.rt when tho cork bus got inside. Thu next thing 1 was nwaro of was Bimmacle delivering a most fotoeioiis blow nt tl o tinker's dovoto.l hoad, which 'do I'J'.O I liitn over un to Mr. Otmdwick, but to our astonish- ment bu tiiccdlly rccovi-u'il himself, nnd leaping from tho Iroj^h with a dreadful nulli sprang nt llltnmnclo; who nothing duuntcd, tliuhed him fearfully across tho face with tho cricket-hut. J wai undecided ns to whatbo1* I sliouiü help mysohool mute, or go to tho insistance ot'tho unf rtunnto pastry-cook ; hut u prolonged si ream from ono of tho rooms ahovo turned my thoughts into a noir cliutiuel, nnd hounding upstairs 1 Uii*li?d into tho bed-room, »hera I found Betsy, themsid-of u'l work, pinioned in a ohalr,ul'hontnny regard to lomfurt ¡ wlillo crouched cVoivu .In the oMiier WBB iwor l'liuibo- her features contracted wlthnlooU of torror-and her large ojei fixed on '15111,' who with tho hugo oarvlng-knifo tuokod under Iii i arm, « ai glen'lng over tho contents of a small chest ha Iud diaugid into tho cant oof tho room. ito started ns 1 entered, hut he Toro lie had time to act, I was upon him ; with ii howl of rogo I drove my nalia into his throat, und hur'cdblni, strong as ho BcomoJ, over tho chest, and down to the floor. Tho siddeiincss nf tho attack favoured me, but tho noxt Instant 1 was a mero toy In hts bandst and-half-rising he dushod mo repeatedly against tho fljor, aoiompanjrTng tho performance with no Tory polite retptosts to 'leavo go.' Dut I hung on to bis throat Uko a bloodhound. I felt it to be my ordv ohanoe, but lt rendered tho villain dojpernto. The uproar in tho bakery inoreaied, and tho ac und of ap- proaching fcot pattorep on the stalrcaso.Iheard Fbmho alvo a wild scream, s.w.hoglimmeroftheknifoaalldosotndeafluah on mr heart-tho pointât uok against something hard I and f(liming off, streaked my breast, and passing through my eft arni, pinned mo to tl.o floor. I littd a vugue perception ol' au ¡inmenso dl-cliirgo ol'firu-jnua ? tho ornsliinit ot' «lass -tko bubhnb of many soloes, ind then 1 sank Into a delicious dreamless kind of tleop !.. When I awoke, the sun waa looking brightly on tho window, ntrtaitu, and I wsa ljirig on Chudwlok a beil. ? I fancied the dow waa falling on my face, but found lt to be the tua** of Wimbo, who - kiod-hoartod little ural-waa bending, over me, and blaming herself for what bad happened, aa if it was all ber fault 1 _.U'na dootor.w»».tberp,_toQ,i_wlio .treated the «bole affair aa n joke-a nat feet joke 1 speaking careless],¿of ray having lott, a'tillie or blood, and'pVotnlsl^g to sèt!me on my legs again in a day' or two-which'-promise lie faltblully per- formed I:'"- . ' . ? Mr, Clicdwlok was, down iii tlíó'sliop serving ,out tho bot cross bnna -but Blmmnolè, with''a great handago tied ' ronni! his heád.'wná'aóated at tho'foot of tho bed - waiting to tell me nssooii ivs I was thoroughly awake, bow Mr. Blink and Lucas1, tho 'smith, hi»d urnved in time to aava him.lBimni.icIoJ from being strangled-how Blink, seeing tho other burglar digging, a knife into me," bad fired tho redoubfablo fowling-piece lie bad brought with lim ¡and willoh in a mingled stale of forgetfulness and flurry he bad stopped to load tliroo several tiroes ooming along ! ' \- How tho treble' charge instoad cf hitting tho burglar kuoakedolf tho heads of two largo plaster figures,, and smashed euery pano of glass "in-tko casomont-how they fourd me with the carving-knifo sticking through tho fleshy Eart of my arra-how tho money was nil safe-how bot» urglurs were captured - and how they eventually release! Mr. Cliudwlcki'roni bl» flour-bod in limo for that worthy individual to draw tho Drtt batoli of bun« from lils oven. I oonld gb on to toll of tho hiippv Entier time wida* followed -now .tho churoh bolls 'np in tho crazy-looking toner clashed aiid clanged lustily-us if tVefr hoarla wera leaping lot'joy to think that murder had been preven I od J how tho villagers looked admiringly at Biuimacloand I, ra garbing us in the light of a couple of woundtd svnrriora - at wo wont to church on ' Konter Sunday with lnild-heiil .futherly ' Mr, Crayohonk-and how I enjoyed the grate- ful kiiidn.ossof lltllo Phcoho-aiid Bimmco-o enjoyed'th* huns 'of hor father ! ' . r . It would occupy too much timo wera I to traoe tbs diameters of thia ' sketch * farther : - .William Turley-alias, «Flash Bill'-and Edward Sootton-alias ' Ned, the Tinkor-old oüonders, war» ra. ?handed from town to town to answer for their misdeeds - and were eventually sent to Australia « for life'-condemned to bard labeur hy way of a chango [ - and probably both ef tho 'exemplary' characters lent a helping hand in forming some of our roads to the Australian interior. . A oouple of 3 cars later-Phccae was married to a son » f Mr.' Fedgers-who it seems was an old friond of her'», and who took his yoting wife to his-and my- native village \- having succeeded jolly-faced Mr. Fedgers in the aotivs management of tba 4 Hod Lion'-and leaving th At morry old gentleman nothing to do but sit on tho hench by the door, smoko his pipe, aad listen to the pleasant muslo of the swinging sign-board. When 1 ia>t heard of Bimmocle, he was engaged ina lawyer s office in London. ? Mr. Fedgers balt-orown wasn't spent after all. I have it now, banging where it diJ, thou-between Bill Furloy's knife, and my heart-and it feels warmer and kindlier than evne I F. S WlLSOH. 