BRISBANE (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENCE) Wednesday. Yesterday, the Hon. R. G. W. Herbert, Colonial Secretary, started in the Prince of Wales for Sydney, en route for England. As you may imagine, an ovation, took place on the occasion of his departure.. A few of his personal friends accompanied him as far as the Bay. His health was proposed, I believe, by Mr. J. C. White, in a rather long-winded address, and vary briefly acknowledged, and the few personal friends then returned to, town in the Rainbow, whilst the vessel bearing the Hon, gentleman and his fortunes sped on her course. There is something almost sublime in the nonchalance with which he has departed at the present crisis without resigning. He leaves the ministe- rial ship with the full conviction that the most skilful and well-practised hand could scarcely prevent her from drifting upon the breakers. Macallister is not the political Palinuros to whom at such a crisis the helm could scarcely have been entrusted. Sow ever, we shall see what we shall see ; — the safest prcdictidn that a political prophet can utter*, in these troubled times. If Lorenzo, the Magnificent, tie ousted at the Western Dow as, as in all. probability he will, what will be the next ministerial more? Xot im mediate ^isolation, I think, although it will have to come to that in the end. ' To-day, his Excellency, the Minister for Works, and a party of gentlemen have gone dotra to Lrtton, to see the first lot of silt taken up by the dredge, which commences operations tn day. To-day, the Miuister for Land and Works takes formal possession of the craft on behalf of t!ie Government, aud after to-day the dredge vitl be constantly at work. It is about time that such a consum mation was arrived at. People doirn iicre bave teen so long talking about the dredge, and fighting over the question of the bust materials for its construction, and asking questions in 1'arlianient. and writing angry letters in the papers, and otherwise giving vent to their iudignant feelings, that, I for one, had coina to regard the dredge ax a sort of marine Mrs. Harris, the actual exis tence of which was enshrouded in some doubt. Mr. Jordan, oar emigration agent, has of late been receiving a good deal «f forfeit flattery from the Queensland Press. Thire is, however, a report current in Brisbane, which is of sufficient notoriety for me to give it to you for what it is worth. Mind, it is only a- report ; the person affected by it is 10,000 miles away, and therefore I give it not as anr way believing it, but as being a a topic of conversation in .some circle. $»„ *n*m- '**,TTS8riSTtnn Tir liffflh™ Ifr showing an undue preference to the shipowners Messrs. Baincs and Co.. over other shipowners. It is furthermore stating that he is receiving a 'considera- tion' for this, and a very handsome one too, from the ship owners in question. Assuming for a moment that this is true, it is obvions that a man could now make a handsome fortune as emigration agent. It U stated that obstacles were thrown in the way of the Heienslcc, which ship does not belong to the Black Ball line. However, if there be any foundation for the rumour that this little game is going on, I should think the Colonial Secretary would hear of it at home, and soon put a stop to it, as he would have nothing to gain by countenancing it. The B-sv. -}. Wight, who was minister at the Independent Church, Brisbane, for about two years, and who left here for England now nearly two years ago. is on his wav oat again. The Rev. gentleman is another of a little work in Queensland which although, by no means a very bright produc tion, is going through a second edition, it fairing been published at a cheap price. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court commenced on Monday and lasted scarcely ft couple of hours. The only case was that of a loan charged with shooting a cow. The evidence is quite uninteresting ; the man was acquitted. Yesterday evening, a lecture was delivered in the School of Arts, by the Colonial Architect, the subject being William of Wvkehani. The attendance was poor, and it was evident that the Brisbane people dont care ninch about Wykeham, who, I believe, -was a celebrated architect, but cannot ear for certain as I did not go to the lecture, and am beginning to get rather loose in niv history. The aichitectnre, however, of the xnajoritv of shanties now springing up aronnd Brisbane, is enough to make the ghost of Wykeham shudder. I duntkuow what style it is; evidently very ancient. It appear* to be very similar to tint which must uave been adopted in the construction of NoaV* ark, that is to say of the little wooden toy representations of that piece of massive architecture, which used to delight our childhood ho iBOTTOct. X tUittk thus rvuadar or u»o t.. .ncint Brisbane atria must have been Robert de Cribba viw, as you are, nu doubt a ware, flourished in London about the time of Queen Boadicea aud in Brisbane at a later period of history. The Governor shortly nil] start on his trip to Cape York in Connection with the new settlement to be funned there. The Pioneer is the vessel selected for the trip. Mr. Walter Hill, the botanist and director of the Brisbane Gardens is, I believe, to accompany his Excellency. A case of murderous and nrntal assault took place yesterday evening, about ten o'clock, at a bnilding which was formeriv a small store at the beck of Stacadam's public-house, but which is now temporarily occopbd by some Germans. Some disagree raeot arose, between two of these Teutons, named respectively Siusrbier and H&nsch;, and t)ie former, a strong powerful man, took the latter, a weaker man. and holding him in a bent position over an empty tub. pro ceeded to beat him about the head and bony with some sharp instrument to a fearful ex tent. The man bled profusely, and the Wood of coarse flowed into the tub. Of course the alarm and noise attracted the attention of the police, and the wounded man was rescued front his assailant, and taken to tiic Hospital, where be lies in a very pre carious state. The man who committed the assault was brought tip at the Police Court to-day and remanded, in consequence of the assaulted person being to ill at present to attend. 