825 tourist SATURDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1802. '1 A SNAKE IN THE HAT. It is not often that the Governor and the governed are at accord, even upon such a simple matter as that implied by the few words which stand as the commencement of these observations. But we are glad to find that at last the representative of her Most Gracious Majesty and the inhabitants of this colony have arrived at a similar conclusion. "What that is let the veracious reporter of the Bulletin chronicle. There was, of course, a deputation to his Excellency when he visited Rockhampton, and a spokesman, who seems to have been a very long winded sort of person and there were others who, being in the language of their memorial, the committee ap- " pointed to give expression to the sentiments of the mercantile community of Rockhampton," did accordingly lay their somewhat verbose memorial before his Excellency. And, after reading that memorial, Mr. REA, the spokesman aforesaid, actually expressed a desire that Parliament should be called together before the usual time ; as if the present Ministry, who are knowing enough fellows in their way, would ever dream of such a premature sacrifice of their salaries. But his Excellency would not listen to the blandishments of the orator, although that gentleman thought that if the Ministry are worth their salt, they would resign if Parliament would not come at their summons. On the contrary, Sir GEORGE BOWEN did really declare that it made no difference to him whether his Ministry resigned or not. It was not constitutional to comply with the literal request of the memorialists as to the summoning of Parliament, but, as to the rest, " is a lot of names were " shook out of a hat, those that came " out at first might suit both his own and the deputation's views as well as the present Ministry." Ghosts of peg tops and eye-glasses ! can there be anything more excruciating ? To be shaken out of a hat ! Undoubtedly, one can imagine some worse combinations, founded on worse bases, than the present Ministry that is, if one were curious in such dirty re- searches But we must confess that we did hitherto believe that something of organization had attended their' constitu- tion. His Excellency's observations have enlightened us. We have turned our vision retrospectively, and agree most deferentially, but most entirely, with him. "Shaken out of a hat." How peculiarly descriptive 1 how graphic ! how just ! how vigorous ! The process of shaking is a hat generally involves considerable topsy-turvy ness in the atoms thus agitated. A piece of paper, a die, or a card, going in white, turns up black; that is, it begins one way and ends another and odd pieces of paper, or dice, or cards, get into all sorts of unexpected combinations and mixtures. Let black represent an oppositionist, and white a minister, it. does Sometimes happen that the evolu- tions of the shaking reverse the color, and the blackest black turns up white in its utmost purity. And as there are an infinity of combinations possible to the dice, so there may be an infinity of changes on the part of each to ease the fitting in which previous angularity might otherwise have obstructed. On the principle that contraries are most to be expected with their opposites, the present ministry, shaken together, seem to have come together. There is only one of the original cards in the pack. Mr. PRING is the sole remnant existing amongst us of that extraordinary cabinet which perplexed and dazzled surrounding colonies. But of the other two. At one time as sure to be opposed as ever knave of clubs and knave of spades in paddle, what can be said with reference to each other, and to the Attorney-General ? Why-they were shaken together in a hat! The settlers of Rockhampton are to he blessed ere long with the visit of " Mr. " Secretary MAOAIISTKB," as he loves to style himself, and of the Colonial Treasurer. We do really wish that Mr. MOFFATT may have a better companion. Some uncharitable people say that he is a sort of detective on his colleague and viewing the matter in that light, we quite concur with his Excellency that he should not suffer the Minister of Lands and Works to go anywhere without him. There is such a thing as respectability required from any Government, and Mr. MOFFATT has more of that article somewhat damaged by association lately-than his versatile fellow Minister. Let us hope that good will follow their trip. They will leave us to the protection of Mr. PRING. Well, let, us be thankful for small mercies! We might have had a worse administrator. And, as to the rest-have we not constitutional and responsible Government have we not a Minister of Lands and Works who is also the third part of a Colonial Secretary have we not a Colonial Treasurer who wants no frac- tional aids have we not an Attorney-General who is always sufficient for his own requirements and have we not those two semi-mythical, obscure, dim, and unrecognizable officials who fill up the other two-thirds of the absent Colonial Secretary's functions, and heaven knows what besides, who appear in pay lists, and extras, and allowances, but become broken into kaleidoscopic divisions whenever their duties are looked at And are they not, after all, all shaken together in a hat 1 When shall we have another shaking, and how de- voutly some of them wish for its speedy arrival, none but themselves can tell. THEYARHA'S MAIL. Owing to the time of the steamer's departure having been altered from this evening to to-morrow morning, the mail will not finally close until 7 a.m. to-morrow. Registered letters must, however, be posted before 5 o'clock (big (Saturday) evening, 