I.'.»...-CHIÎAP~WJJ.0D10.U.T.3. . .1 i F mm'th» Spectator.') \ fun nim ia for cheap i^Itist'rutéd «criais ia m iuoroase. The number of woot- Vn'H, ohivfly < worthless character, tbist may bo promrod Wee for ono shilling ia considerably àbovo a hundred theavorago. For that Bum' eight miscclliin'oa of London Journal cluss, two illustrated^ ne papers, a comió serial, two serious publicatic and the first number of a novel of " powerful i thrilling interest " (Nos. Z and 3 presontedgr .to every purchasor of No. 1) may be obtain Hore, is quantity at Bny rate, but of tho qua of the cuts ¿na tho paper on which' they printed much cannot be, said. Exception, In ever, must be mada in favour of tho London Jo nal, which commands the aid of Mr. John Gill as its chief illustrator, and is nt once tho long established and best conducted .periodical of kind. For how long a period Mr. Gilbert's c nexion with it has lasted I am unable ptecisolj say, .bat shall'bo within the mark in stat fifteen years. Ho seldom how mokes' his appi ance in the Illustrated Hews, and has entir relinquished working for the numerous publi tions of the Religious Tract .Society. To Loudon Journal no still 'keeps constant, t during tho whole of the period »hove stated ! boon throwing t oil numberless " abduction " waylayings," "'unexpected , intrusions," "m riages and deaths," nuder every conçoiva variety of circumstance, io illustration' to wondrous stories from the fertile brains of Mose Pearce, r'gan and J. F. Smith. No matter w] tho incident or what tho period, whether a_ ro process or a strike of operatives,' a review in I Champ de Mars or a baud of medioeval worrie tho interior "of a gaming-house or a Inbourt cottage. Mr. Gilbert is equally, at borne. Scr tural, historical, .-hiikcsporian, aud domestic si jects, bnvo engoged bim each by turns. 'Ho ready for anything.'. ''Seneca cannot be t heavy, nor Plautus too light." Nothing that does is actually bad, àud this is a great thing say, considering the multiplicity of .1 productions. Objection may bia ink en numerous qualities.;' [ in his. work,, but ;l groat picturesque , feeling, masterly sty aud happy pencilling, almost' átóue.fór his'fattl As with Kubens, on whoso style Mr. Gilbert o pears .to , have formed his own, we forgive t eccentricities for tho salto of the . evident geni that guided the pencil. Mr. pilbert bas tl oleraents of a great: artist within himr-ho pt sesses the pictorial jfuculty in,an, eminent dogrc and has considerable feeling for beauty ; his eon of hnmour and character, though less marked,, still evident, and had ho corroded his téndeiicii to conventionality and cultivated his tasto by i humble study '. of unsophisticated. nature in h early days, there is little doubt that honn'giit ha' taken high rank as a painter. ' As it is,' Mr. G will bo remembered as thc most prolific illustrât 'of this or any - preoeding age. ? He is not only rapid, but a very industrious' worker. Fnbulpi stories uro related of the quickness with which I makes th eso London Journal drawings, and il high prices obtained, for them. A collection of, a Mr. Gilbert's drawings would fill a room of no ii considorablo dimensions ; and' not oh ly did he11 one period find time to contribute his aid to near! every illustrated work issued from the press,' bi aldo to p »intone or two oil pictures.'of larg dimensions and several wnter- culoiir drawing within tho year. Bitter were the tears and lou the watlings 'among publishers' arid proprietors t illustrated works when Mr. Gilbert finally deter mined to give up a great portion of his woo drawing. Me has been the idol of the wood'er gravers { they «wore, and probably still swear; b him, as the mon of the day-the king, of woo¿ draughtsmen-. Every yoong aspirant -who wisbe to devoto himself t o illustration was to devot his days and nights to the study of Gilbert, hi: was thc only stylo. " You' may have originality o yo.ur own, but we don't want any evidence of it crush it altogether if .you can, but ot. least keep i in the background ; becomo a slavish imitator trado with another's means, be succosBful and bi happy !" This was tho advice, in effect, thougl not in- actual words, to the unfledged, woot draughtsman. In some. cases it has beer followed with not very brilliant results, oej wi shall presently see; but,, ns tho general ,rule mon refused to look through tho oyes of another and adopted styles pf their own, looking moro t< nature than any man's' work, and thus tho highei class of books and periodicals are now illustrate! in a manner undreamt of but very few years ago The gentleman who druwB for Reynolds Mitealluni and tbo London Herald, presents n curious ant. pitiful instance of the offect of tho advice above quoted. Who ho is I am unable io say, OB, with a modesty that oould scarcely hnvo beon expected from so unblushing an appropriator or other me n't id CAB, ho never appends Ids name to.his produc- tions. Liko all copyists, ho lins only succeeded in attaining tho vices of his master's style. In the t niassivo furniture! and accessories, in that method of pencilling which consists ofnumorous whirligig lines-as if soverel bulls of. twino had been sud- denly invested with vitality--the opposition oi light to dark, and dark to light, and the'woll. known Gilbcrtian attitudes, he out- Gilbert! Gilbert. Another-imitator of Mr-Gilbert, und, on the whole a moro successful'ono, is that gen- tleman's own biothor. .The. illus rations of Mr. F. Gilburt will bo found in those oxciting publica- tions known as the Leisure Sour and the un (hij at Home, and might often .pOBs for, tho work of the great original. ' When tho dri.rna depends for its ofFuot on "tremendous headers,"; when tho 'stimulus' of possib e danger . to tho life bf a fcll'Av creatnro gives a keen zest1 to our amusements^ when onr old. friend tho' ghost is rovivod so often in our, lighter, literature, and when our painters are driven.to their wits'end to find good "'sensa- tion'' subjects, so that ' wo may shortly expect to seo on thc Academy walls " the- Accident in the Clayton Tunnel,'.' or.'.' Explosion io a Cool Mirie¿" it is only natural to "expect that tho cuts in our cheap periodicals' will bo as oxoiting IIB thc tales of w thrilling iuteros't" which they adorn. Tho art, I and it may bc added the literature, of theso penny I and halfpenny miscellanies can only bq doscribod jin tho languano,with which, the/y endors of peppor mint- dropsareaooustombdtorecommond their waros on thofrozonSorpoutinq in tho Bleating season. Both I drawings,and stories are, hot, strong, and curly, jOnly a, penny/' - This w'oèk'a supply contains somo representations of moving Indidents., In Ke'ynohï» Miacellangrsb) periodical ; established 'apparently for tho purpose pf holding up t6 derision tho VÍOCB' of tho ariSjtcicracy with a withering and unsparing sarcasm, for .the espóoiál'bclióóf .of. the milliners, maid's'orvants', ; anti, ahon-bbys. ' who read its pages r-vyo' have ; the comparatively mild incidont of MXbrd 'Yérnon? !impeaohln¿ ,'hls ' wifoV,honour." .This.thé ?,fJopIjB|iîord. propped*, to dp by drawing ¡ his' ëword, ' pointing , to , the.' laco-oollar . of i bis , lady's' Urois, : raid,.', "knocking;, down a öllalr.' In.another we soo how a one eyod man and a gentleman with riding-whip and knickerbockers aro VaUapkpd^ á teíriflo " escape from a madhouse.;" .'a fourth/ by no less a hand than^Tblz;"' illustrates, hrj inter- view', between, a;sentry .'afld n:ghost with Wtttei'on ' thjB_Jbrnjn_._ ,While others aro dejrotedMo the escape, from ~i burning ship, tlie leap from ta ' precipice by a man who ia pursued by an enormous elk, and the last scene in the history I of a' condemned criminal, where, with admirable I taste, the hangman ia shown adjusting tho noose round tho neck of the. murderer. Of the tale» themselves, it is only necessary to'record some of the titles :-" A Rogue's Secrot ; or, the Punish- ment of Pride." "The Black Band; or, the Mysteries of Midnight." . V Maritana, the Gipsy Girl ; or, the Poisoners of Madrid," road very much liko extracts from n playbill bf the Victoria Theatre. Yet thero is ono tale in . Reynolds Miscellany which ^deserves more than the Bt'mple recording of ita title. It ia called the " Court Pago," and is from the pon of ".Lady Clara .Cavendish," whose style, it may be said, bears remarkable affinity to that of Mr. G. M. Reynolds. In it the" unfortunate George IV., (.Mr. Reynold's stock, character,) while. Ii og eut, bolds an interview with Napoleon, at two o'clock in the morning, iii a lour-borso coaoh drawn up 'nt Charing-CroBB, and guarded amongst others by Fouche and Marshal iv ey I Tho two penny illus- trated newspapCTB aro a specious of ' incorporation of.tho ordinary illustrated paper with the popular Miscellany. Ono of them is started by tho proprietors, of tho Illustrated London News, for tho purpose of ruining ¡ts rival.. rWith the» resources it has. at its .command, "in the way of reissuing blocks that have already seen "hot sov vice," it is hot improbable that tho Penni/ Illus- trated Papir may succeed in its amiablo object. Both are much given to " sensation " subjects, and tho gale at Scarborough, the fall of Blondín from his rope, the tossing of tho. peoplo at Chelsea by à mod billi, and the burning of the .Philadel- phia ballet girls, have already engaged the atten- tion of " our special artist," whoso appetite for horrors is only excelled by his remarkable powers of ubiquity and imagination, Fun, the now penny comic serial, is scarcely happy iq tho selection of its artists ; yet even in' tho Bhort time that has elapsed since its first "appearance, considerable improvement has, been manifested in the drawings. One of the best was that whioh represented Spur- geon, lecturing arm and arm with'tho gorilla. Jn it tho likotiess to. the eccentric'divine was für batter than in Mr.íLeeóh's 'f Cure," though the humour of tho'joke fell short. But can nothing new bo. started in the way of a comic paper? Diogen¿s,'<PuncKinollo, The British Lion,, all .o«k Pundi aa their model, giving onqpnge illustration, and 80ver.il'smaller ottos of cab and omtiibus inci- dents, &o;¡, and after a struggling career of a few montlrs or weeks gave up the ghos'. Fun follows in their wake in tho style, and subject of its cuts,, and unless, it cud strike out some new path will probably meet with as untimely an end. for that under, the statue of King Charles 