VISIT OF HIS EXCELLENCY TO THE CLARENCE RIVER.— The unexpectedly protracted duration of the session of Parliament has interfered with the proposed visit of Mr. Clark Irving and his friends to the Clarence and Richmond Rivers districts. The visit will, however, we understand, only be postponod. Mr. Irving had, in addition to the invitations given to the members of both Houses of Parliament and other influential colonists, requested that his Excellency Sir John Young and Lady Young would honour him by (heir presence. It appears however, that Sir John Young is about to proceed to Norfolk Island, by desire of tho Imperial Government to carry out the system of inspection begun by Sir Wm. Denison. We are informed also that some objection wes felt by the Governor to visiting the Northern distrioti during the beat and drought oi tho last two months Mr. living, therefore, haa submitted to the delay of thc intended honour for a few months. He hopes, however to return from Europe, whither he ia proceeding on i rapid tour, in time to reaoh this oolony about Septembei next, when the Clarenoe and Blohmond will, it is hoped receive the contemplated honour of a visit from hit Exeellonoy. SCOTS CHURCH-INTERESTING BAPTISMAL SERVICE - Sometime since, a young man of twenty-three years of age, a native of the Island of St, Helena, of African parentage, who had recently come to this colony, and intended to proceed to one or other of the diggings in the western interior, applied to the Rev. Dr. Lang to be admitted into the Christian Church by the ordinance of baptism, as he had never been baptised. Dr. Lang finding him a modest unassuming young man, of whose sincerity he was fully satisfied, but being unable at the time to subject him personally to such a course of previous examination and instrution as the case rendered necessary, recommended him to his colleague the Rev. Mr. Reid, to be dealt with as he should see occasion. Tho baptism of the young man took place in the Scots Church, at the close of the evening service, on Sabbath last, was evidently deeply interesting to all present. Before dispensing the or dinance, Mr. Reid made the following ex planatory statement to the congregation : !" My Brethren,-According to previous arrangement, I now proceed to administer the ordinance of baptism to an adult or grown up person. The person now sitting before me, and to whom the ordinanoe is to be admis tered', applied, in the first instance, to the senior pastor of this church, who handed him over to me to ascertain his fi?ness as to knowledge and other necessary qualif- cations. I have had a good many meetings with him in my own house, when I took occasion to examine him as to his amount of religious knowledge generally, and more particularly with regard to the nature, design, and obli- gations of baptism, and after putting him through a course of instruction and praying with him, and charitably believing also, that he has the love of Christ in his heart, I have seen it to be my duty to admit him, agreeably to his request, into the membership of the visible Church. In the case of adult baptism, the candidate, in accordance with the role and practice of the New Testament, is called opon to make a public profession of his faith in Christ and of personal devoted- ness to his cause and glory. I now, therefore, call upon you, Joseph Marshall, to stand up while I put to you the following questions :-Do you believe in the existence of God, the only living and true God, of whom, and to whom, and through whom are all things? Do you be- lieve in the doctrine of three perrons in the Godhead- Father, Son, and Holy Ghost- these three being one God, the same in substance, and equal in power and glory? Do you believe that the Bible, comprehending the Old and New Testament, is the Word of God, and the only rule of faith andmanners? Do you believe that God created our first parents in a holy and happy state, and that when they trans- gressed God's law, we ? them, and fell with them in their first transgression? Do you believe that man, by nature, is a depraved being, averse to that which is good and prone to that which is evil ; in himself deserving God's wrath and curse, both in this life and in that which is to come? Do you believe that Jesus Christ came into the world to save sinners; that, by his vicarious obedience and sufferings, and death, he satisfied the law and justice of God on our behalf ; and that all that believe in Him and are clothed upon with His righteousness, shall never come into condemnation, but shall inherit eternal life? Do you believe that you must be born again, having a renewed heart and a sanctified soul : a heart renewed by tho grace of God, and a soul sanctified by the Holy Ghost? Do you resolve, in the solemn circumstances in which you are placed, to mortify every bad passion, subdue every sinful propensity, to live a holy, virtuous, and circumspect life, and to adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things? Do you promise, my young brother, to do all this, in dependence upon God's grace, and as you would be found approvod at the second coming of our Lord Jesus Christ ?" These questions being all answered in the affirmative by the candidate for baptism, the ordinanoe waa administered by Mr. Reid, alter offering up a solemn and appropriate prayer for the Divine blessing; after which. Mr. Reid delivered an impressive and affectionate address to the young man, calling upon him and entreating him to walk worthily of the Christian profession he had just made before so many witnesses, wherever Divine Providence might order his lot. Tho whole service was deeply affecting. ALI, ENGLAND ELEVEN.-Kow that tb oso celebrated oiicki'tora may bo almost hourly expected, it may bo aa welt to inform tho publie, bow on their arrival they may bo distinguished from tho numerous persons who, doubtless1, will bo presont lo rooolve them. Thecriokotera will be rooogulsed by each nearing, on landing,- a drab foll Oxford bat, trimmed with blue bsnds, and while playing, otoh oricketor of tho KngllBb Eleven will wear a whtto flannel oap trimmed with bine. Both bats and oops were mada expressly for, and prosonted'to tho orlcktt r ', previous lo their leaving London, by Afr. Louis Brown, who for BO mi ny years hoi 8npp]|e,tf t'lP Aus- tralasian niorBflt,~Ppr«»poii!fenf, ' CBIOHET,-A meeting of the committee of thai N" South Wales Crlokotlog Association «as held laBt evania ot Poehlman'a Oafo. . Mr. Leigh in the obair, Tb minnies of last meeting were read and oonflrmeOY Mi Leigh'oolled attention toan advertisement appearing I, that day's Herald, earning fonrteen playera as bailo been seioeted, from whioh eleven players to complet the twonty-two of New Sovth Wales woro to be ohoBon and wished to know by what authority it had been In sorted. Mr. Hemming, seeing a member of the mild committee in tba room wished to know the reason of it insertion. Mr. Martyn explained that tba four tem nine bcd been ohosen by the match committee as showing ft, opinion of the moat suitable men to be eleoted, front lnf foot of their having attended the prootloe matones uc bad been advertised in aoeordanoe with the reialii routine of that committee's business. A letter from Mr Lipscomb, the secretary of tba West Maitland Crioksi Club, to the oommittoe WBB read, in whioh it was Btatid that Mr. G. Moora of that olub, was 'desirous ol having his name plaoed on the list from whioh llii twenty-two were to be ohosen to compete with n« English Eleven, and that he would he glad to come lc Sydney on Saturday to play in the praotfo matoh. Tte general impression of the mealing waa that Mr. Moore was an exoellent player, and the secretary was directed to write to him to the effect that although the committee oonld not guarantee his name being plaoed on tbs Hit it was desirablo thbt he should come down, BO that his play might be seen. A question was raided as to the desi, rability of the playera in the matoh appearing ia lbj nniform of the various oluba to whioh tbey belonged)lt appeared, however, to be the opinion of tho meeting that the same uniform should ba adopted by the whole ol Ita twenty-two, with ' the exception of tho captain mj wiokot-keeper. Mr. Clayton gave hotioe to move the resoinding of the matoh eommittee, and that a new om should be nominated. A letter was read from Mr, H. Newcombe to the committee, relativo to a telegrim whioh bad appeared in Sydney, purporting to have ooma from Mr. P. Carita in Melbourne, rt (hoting on the con. duot of Mr. Newcombe in leaving that oily ; U vu deoided that the matter Bbonld not be gone into noli] the return of Mr. Curtis.- In order to facilitate the business of the eommittee it was agreed that the diu» oommittee should mont this evening.- A oonversailoa ensued as to the reoeption of tho AlI.England Elévenlo Sydney, Mr. Leigh remarking that it was most ImpoiUtl that something should be done in the matter imm¡¿ ately, and that although he was not in favour of ie; rldioalons and unnecessary proceedings, still he thooitt that they ought to be reeeived in a gentlemanly ul cordial manner. Mr. Honfrey thought the queiUoa had.better stand over until the next meeting, Th meeting then adjourned nntil Thursday evening. MISERABLE DEATH.—The City Coroner, held an in- qnest, on Monday afternoon, on the body of a woman named Mary M'Grab, aged 35 years, lying dead in a tent belonging to a man of colour, named Henry Staten, better known as "Black Harry," and situated about three, quarters of a mile in the bush at Neutral Bay. It appeared that deceased had together with another female during the last six years, lived in the tent with Black Harry, in a state of the utmost depravity, thieving and spending in debauchery their ill-gotten gains, ul within the last few months have been accompanied ia their abandoned babita by a younger female. Deceased waa in th habit when drunk of laying beneath the trees and roth in all weathers. About a fortnight since, cha vu, attacked with bowel complaint, whioh oontinued caa J her doatb on Saturday afternoon. Dr. AVard st* Iii I body after death, and waa of opinion from its appearing that death was caused by diseaso and debancber/, aooelerated hy negleot. The jory returned the aoneial verdiot-Wo find that deoeased died a lingering deity brought on by vice and intemperate habits, together tit tba want of medioal advice-to whioh WBB conpleli rider to the efloot, that the tentwas.an abode offload a nuisanoe, and recommending its and the par lia ii moval. GLEBE MUNICIPALITY.-At the adjourned quitte) meeting of the oounoil, held in the council chamosca Monday, the 20th instant, present the oh air min, id Mesare. Blaohett, Thornley, Brown, and Waltoo, Hi minutes of the last meeting were read and signed, Ttl chairman laid upon the table the balanoo sheet, shrill 'ho revenue and expenditure of the G ebe Muoiinl Council, for tbs half- year ending 91st Decomber, lill signed by himself and anditors. The following tijttiW were laid upon the table, ard adopted ;-FremlUK finance committee of the 13tb, 20th, 27th Ddcemtafi 3rd, 101b and 17ih January, and from tho ssieisstdp oommittee of the 16th January. The following hítale were then read :-1. From Mr. W. Jarrett, tendering tin resignation as councillor for Bishopthorpe ward. TliR oounoil dork .was instruoted to write to ¡alora IAH that his resignation had been laid before tba council, ul at the same time, to oall bis attention lo the 47th chap of the Municipalities Aot of 1638, and also to it^itrp payment of the sum of £20, as authorised ty lb» viiH Aot. 3. From the Oas Company, flating that InstnHj tiona bad been given for the ereotlonofo gaslimiiB Avon-street. 3. From W. S. Clarke (dated BieennK 37th), complaining that tho works in Avon-stretbiiuHf been oommenoed ; in référer oa to. wbi:h the MlEi olork stated that the work J alluded to wero commeoslK on or about the 8th January. 4. From the acting °n!*I| Secretary to the Treasury, in reforonca to tho h«IÍ-jui¡I| accounts, and calling tho attention of the connell totora treasury circular of Juno laBt. 6. From tho totu-eMlg Sydnoy, in rofcrenou to the supply of water to.tboG;*gS|j municipality, and requesting to be famished for "'{Bi formation of the water committeo, with a sketch .MEÉ] the Btrootu in which it ia proposed that malos iboaJIUNf laid duwn. together with a statement of tho numWl|| houses and number of rooms in eaob street for '^'glg ia probable that a supply of wator will bo "4^^111 Referred to tbs improvement oommitteo, with to expend a reasonable amount to obtain the ot^fffj information. . Moved by Mr. Thornley, and secoodthljffl Mr. Walton, "That the improvement, committeo k»§Sj struoted to inquire for a plaoe snltablo for pu Uli WIM within the municipality, and procuro an eaUaitecfl|||H oost of erecting tho samo,'1 Carriad. ' Wm REDVAUI MUNICIPALITY.-Tho council met, 0th, at 13 o'olouk noon, pursuant to circular. Pn**|B| Messrs. Woods, Rouwiok, Wild, Royoo, ood Cnu|*l9| Wild io tho chair. The minutes of the prevloainrflBH wore road and confirmad. The report of lb« ¿""HB oommittoe, recommending the payment of varlomii»HB amounting to £7 11s., was, on tho motion of HI.BHH wick, sccondod by Mr. Royco, road and adopte!. 10HS roapondonce was road /rom tho derk of tho toan co*KS of Albury, requesting tbis municipality toeo- operiiioHg them for the purpose of urging the Legislature to'i»lj»| the ptesent Municipalities Bill as soon as Po^'z-IHH waa moved by Mr. Woods, Boconded by Mr. R9n»lfi,*lH| tho clerk be InBtruotod to write that this aonncAtfgJJ threo mouths since, nent in a petitloo lo to theCdnKg Socretary, praying for an aoaondment in tbe ^''Bffil tioned; and, the bill being postponed until '"'BB session of Parliament, nothing can bo done in ""sf BBS at present ; Hut ot any future time will willingly WM« rato with them for the purpose mentioned. s,c:flBB tba{ the treasntor oall upon Mr. Alexander for "'ffil poso, of oolleoting the amount of ratos doa bj U'Hf land Bituato within this inuniaipality prior to bil (fBn| titra for England. The oounoil then Bdjourned.-J««l||| 17th, thu oounoil met at 7 o'alook, pursuant to ,1>*WËÈ meut: Présent, M*ssrp. Wild, Renwlek, v7oodwBM| and Crane) Mr. Wild in the ohair. Tba miaBW»» proviouB mooting wore road and confirmed. J. %Bffif of the flnanoe committeo, rooommíndío» pty mont of various Bums amounting to £1 <"<> ^HE£| motion of Mr. Woods, seconded by Mr. Grane, T";Hlf and adoptod. Thu detailed acoount ol tbs "^''JiMS expenditure for the half-year ending Stet "H'rMtwW 1841, duly audited in aoeordanoe with dame ',»1 Municipalities Act of I8S8, waa laid upon tbe u"jBBJ - adopted. Tba oooount showing a balanoo }a,,^ZmBm in tho Baik of New Sooth Wolfs, of p»"JBg. Moved hy Mr. Woods, and seconded by Mr. yjBBT that tho oaoounts to pablshcd in the Sydnt) *J'jMK Herald, tnt Government Gazette. Mr. Hei«»»;Jfflj and Mr. Woods sotoodod, that tho *»»Ï|B*WJSHB ? consisting of tho full oounoil moot on Friday iQnt 7 o'alook, for tho purpoBO of taking M?®TzMkW the probable amount that will bo r. quired for J year In addition to any rates that may be '»'^JH» bo levied, os well as tho 'rao°n\"¿HfS per pound. Resolved, that aâvertisemen'sib»;»' UHK tho Sydney Morning ^«'i L"°D,,Ä,iH pabilo mooting, to take plaoe on tho Uta F;b'°' L)BB| ot tho oounoil ohambere, for tho purposo ot o»1. MBB, - and eleotlng two oounolllora and two ABÄ''7,ö»BBT. room of thoBO rotirlna from suoh offloeAPJlJ'V>,ii:WBi visions of the Munioipalltiea Aot ol 18ÖB, 1 Parkor, bailiff for this municipality, bo snmoM jta||i pear before the oounoil on Friday «««'"Í» oounoil thou adjourned until Friday evonlng '|gfc| 91th instant._ ^BsBI 