NEW SOUTH WALESl PARLIAMENT. | LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. _, " FRIDAY, JUNE 27. . "i. HE SPEAKER took tho choir at twonty-oight minutes past three, and read prayer. I CARRIERS' LICENSING BILL. | Mr. LUCAS brought up the bill for licensing carriers I and carriers' agent«, and moved that it be road a first time. Question put and passed. GRANTS FOR PUBLIC WORSHIP. , . Mr. COWPER brought up the bill for prohibiting future grants of pHblio money in aid of public worship. The mea ?euro waa read a first timo, and ordered to bo printed, and read a second timo on the 9th July, CATHEDRAL CHURCH, NEWCASTLE. Mr. HANNELL askod the Colonial Socretary-" 1. From what fund the stipends (if any) of three canons, for Christ Church Cathedral, Newcastlo, aro paid ? 2. Is the amsunt of such stipends included in tho list of paymonts made to the clergy of the Church of England, in tho dio 'cese ef Newcastle, and charged against tho sum (riven under Schedule C ? Mr. COWPER was unablo to give any answer to the first question. With rogard to tho second, the amounts were not charged upon Schedule C, theso ministers ro "ceivinir nothing whatever as canons. ¡ , " POLICE PENSIONS. , Mr. HANNELL asked tho Colonial Secretary-" Can .persons in receipt of pensions, under tho Police Superanua Bon Fund, be appointed to any publio office not connootod .with the polios, without risking the forfeiture of thoir pon '-stona ?" Mr. COWPER explained that thoro was a condition of the kind embodied ia the certificate undor which police pen- sioners draw their allowance. Cases might, howovor, .arise in which, tho Government may desire to disponso with .this condition, and tho Inspector-Gonoral was not awaro of -hero being any legal impediment to that course. CASE OF JOHN COCKERELL. Mr. LEARY, on behalf of Mr. Driver, postponed tho questions standing in tho namo of tho lattor, relative to the seizure of goods on tho promises of John Cockerell in the year 1SSG. PETITIONS. Petitions woro presented as follows : By Mr, CALDWELL, from certain bankors and mer- chants, against tho proposed amendment of the Secret Bills of Salo Prevention Act. By Mr. CALDWELL, from tho chairman and committeo of ino Trado Protection Society, against interference with the right of search conferred by tho Secret Bills of Salo .Prevention Aot. By Mr. ALLEN, from certain colonists and members of the Church of England, in favour of tho bill for prohibiting future grants of public money for public worship. THE MONEY-ORDER SYSTEM. Mr. SMART asked tbo Colonial Treasurer, " Whothor any application has beon mado to tho Homo Government "for tile extension to this colony of the Money- ordor System ; and if not, whethersuch application is intended ?" Mr. WEEKES replied : Tho Home Government havo already intimated their willingnoss to extend the Monoy ordor System to this colony, and, by appointing official postmasters at tho principal towns of tho colony, the Government will bo enabled to commence tho system at an early period. COURT OF APPEAL AT FORBES. Mr. CUMMINGS askod tho Secretary for Lands, " If it is the intention of tho Government in futuro to establish tho sittings of the Court of Appeal in the town of Forbes, for the trial of all caseB arising on the Lachlan gold-fields, and coming under the jurisdiction of tho said Court ?" Mr. ROBERTSON said thero had been BOIUB difficulty in this matter, and a correspondence had passed botweoa himself and the Chief Commissioner of tho Western Gold- fields on the subject. He had ne doubt, however, that in a few days tho thing would be settled to the eatisf-Gtion of .the honorable member. UNFOUNDED REPORTS. Mr. MATE begged to ask the Socrotary for Publio Works a question without notice. Ho saw it stated in a country paper, that in consequonco of recent defalca- tions in tho .elogrnrh Department, great changos were .contemplated, and already tho superintendent and other officers had boon suspended. Ho desired to know if this 'waa true. Had the superintendent boon 8uspondod,-as ..stated ? Mr. ARNOLD said it was not true. The superintend- ent had not been suspended ; tho nssistant-suporintendent was suspended, BILLS OF SALE. Mr. DICK roso to move the second reading of tho Amended Secret Bills of Sale Prevention Bill. The princi- pio embodied in the measure te tho second reading of whioh the House lost night assented-the Lien on Crops Bill ?was the principle of the bill that ho now brought boforo tho House. It was to afford facilities for borrowing money by the uso of bills of salo on chattel proporty, which bills were to bo registered. In former years parties wero able to give bills of salo without publioiry, tho consequence of which frequently was, that peoplo with largo stocks, or valuablo 'household furniture, were tho reputed owners, whilst they really belonged to other parties. .An Act passed in 1853, and which ho now sought to amend, provided that overy bill of sale should Tie registered. It might bo thought, therefore, that if bills of sale wero not registered under that Act, they would be void, but such was not the cuso. Notwithstanding tho Act, it was competent for a person to givo a bill of sale, 'and providea thô holder obtained possession ol tho property .before the donor was insolvent, or before tho sheriff's bailiff entered, the bill waa good, although not registered. The object of this bill wa3 to moko registration compulsory, "that unless a bill wero registered it should bo void. "Al- though tho Trade Protection Society took excep- tion to this bill, ho believed it would bone fit the trading community. A party in this city somo short time ago gave a bill of sale upon his Mock, which wa6 not registered, yet, a week before his in «olvency, the holder of the bill carno in and took possession .of the proporty Under tho second clause of the prosont bill, it a bill of sale was not filed or recorded within thirty or sixty days (according to distance) from the dato of its execution, it would bo absolutely void, except as against the person mnking or giving the bill ; and if the party giving tho bill became insolvent whilst ho was tho apparent holder of tho property involved undor a bill of sale, euch property would go over to the assignee But he (Mr. Dick) desired that if bills were given bona fide, and not being void undor any other «lause, such bills should prevail as againtt the assignee. He could not sec why a person holding large trading or movable stock, or valuablo chattel property, should not be enabled to borrow money as easily as the possessor of real property. If tho second clauso was carried there would be security OB both sides, and this would bo the means of en- abling a person to borrow at n moderate rato of interest. That clause enacted that bills of sale duly registered should be valid (notwithstanding 55th eoc. 5 Vio., No. 17) ? against all judgment creditors, assignees, or trustees in insolvency or bankruptcy, or under any deed for the bonoöt of creditors, provided such bill was oxocuted bon» Ade for tho consideration nientionod, and that the registered copy . Stated tho placo where suab bill was executed. About tho third clause there might be somo question ; but if it should bo struck out, ho trusted tho Houso would affirm tho previous clauses. It provided that any search mado for billa of sale should be as against individual names only, -and that the name of tbo party against whom a person was -aboutto search must be previously stated. Hodidnot i think any person who ohoae to apply should have the right to search throughout the register. He now moved the second reading of the bill, and trusted the House would agree with him that the owner of chattel property had the samo right to facilities for borrowing as wero afforded to wool-growers, and contemplated to bo given to the agricul- turist. Mr. LOVE said that this was a much more Important question than many hon. members might imagine ; in proof of which bo might mention that since Juno, 1861, thero had been given no less than 2879 bills of sale represent- ing property to the value of over a million and a half. This bill proposed to amend the 19th Victoria, No. 2, which was termed an Act for preventing fraudulent insol- vencies : but this bill might very well be termed one for facilitating fraudulent insolvencies-since that would really be ita effect. The present Act said that, unless a cul of Balo should bo registered within ono month of its execu- tion, it should bo void. This bill proposed to give two months instead of one month. Now, cases had come to his knowledge which plainly showed him that tho longer the time that was allowed for registration, the longer timo was given lo the party to commit fraud, if he wero so inclined. Thiawould be sure to bo tho effect, as tho porson would have twice tho lime ho now bad under the present Act in which to get goods or cash from parties who had no knowledge that all his property was parted with under a bill of sale. Traders eeeing a person with a largo stock of goods, or a good house of furniture, would givo him credit on the strength of it, and It waa only when they found that thoro was a bill of sale on the properly that they became cautious. By a clause of the Insolvent Act 5th Victoria No. 17, it was provided that the assignee of an insolvent Bhould take for the benefit of the creditors all goods held by tho insolvent, and of which he was tho ostensible holder. Now this was nothing more than just, sinco on the faith of theso goods over which secret bills of sale were often given tho insolvent might have obtainod the larger part of his credit. And yet this wholesome clauso tho present bill sought to repeal. But boBides this, thero was now a bill to amend the insolvent law before the other branch of the Legislature, and if this clauso needed amend- ment let it be done in that bill. He objected to dealing with ono Aot in another that had nothing whatever to do with it. But it was againtt tho third clauso of this bill that his principal objection rested. Tho present Secret Bills of Salo Act provided for the registration of bills of sale, and then -allowed the public a right of search. This had beon shown ?to be a very wise provision as by this right of search the publio wera guarded from being robted by unprincipled men. This bill, by ita third clause, did away with all this, And prevented persons from knowing whether bills of sole had been given. To bo sure it allowed any person to .obtain the particulars of a bill of sale, providod lie knew the name of the party who had given it. But of what use would that be ? The merchant only wished to know the/act whether a bill of sale had boen given, and if once he knew that, ho would not requiro a search. The Îresent Act was an excellent one, ana ho trusted that the . louse would pause before they consented to the_ least ¿Alteration. There was one tiling ho might mention ia rcgaid to this question. Tho Act ho had quoted proscribed that thoro should bo a charge of Gd. for oaoh Boarch. Now, ho held in his hand an account from on officer of tho Supromo Court, in which £2718s. woro charged for 558 searches; being at tho rato of la. for each Boarch, instead of 6d. This, to say the least of it, was rather sharp practioo, and ho hoped, now that tho matter had been mentioned, tbot tho overcharge would bo refunded. Mr, PIDDINGTON agreed with noorly ovory thing that had boen said by tho hon. mornbor for Sydnoy Wost (Mr. Lovo), oxcept as regarded his last statomont. whioh was ono that did not affect tho question thon before tho House. Tho bill would practioaliy have the offeot of repealing tho loth Viotoria, No. 2. tho sooond claueo of this proposed mensuro boing most particularly objectionable. It appeared to him that the bill which tho hon. membor for Liverpool Plains waa desirous of having read a second timo woglin point of fact, a bill to encourage dobtors in obtaining credit fraudulently. It was a bill which would onablo a lovinthon creditor to seize on all the goods and assets of tho trader, and to apportion them to his own peculiar bonoflt, irrespective of the just claims of others. Ho regarded it as a very vital infringement on tho present insolvont law of tho colony. What could bo moro fraudulent than for a man to bo enabled to buy goods largoly on tho faith of tho credit of being tho ostensible possessor of goods and chattels seorotly ?ho proporty of another ? On credit so set up, ho might _ contract dobta _ and purchaso largoly, all, on his insolvency, boing nevertheless swopt away for the benefit of tho original croditor. Under tho present stato of tho Insolvont Law this could not bo dono. Tho 65th clauso of tho Insolvent Law offootually prevented such a stato of things, to which indeed tho groat principles oi that law woro altogether opposed. The law, as it now stood, did not allow of ono creditor boing placed in a superior position to that occupied by any other. A moro monstrous interference with tho equitable distribution of tho assets of on insolvent for tho bonoflt of his creditors ho had never seen, and ho really was surprisod to think that the bon, member for Liverpool Plains should, with all , his experience, cemo down to that Houso with a bill so op- posed to the first principles ef commercial morality. Tho argument in favour of tho bill was, that the bill did not confer a greater hold on chattel property than that pos- sessed by real property holders. Ho (Mr. Piddington) could not seo tho forco of this as an argument in favour of the bill. It was clear to him that the hon, tho momber for LiverpoolPlains had not read tho preamble of tho Socrot Bills of Solo Prevention Act. Tho effect of this bill would bo that o singlo creditor might sot up a man of straw, and undor tho guiso of an indopondent trador, a man might bo put forward in business who was worth nothing, and tho j interests of a number of innocent partios-trusting tho man of straw upon tho faith of what goods ho socmod to havo bo thereby damniflod. Ho doomed it right to move that the bil) should bo road a second time that day six months. Dr. LANG said that this was one of those qiostions on which ho did not feel that ho was compotent to givo expres- sion to any individual opinion, as it was confessedly one with which he had no practical acquaintance. Ho had been informed by somo of his constituents that thoro was a very serious objection to the passing ef such a bill, and hopes had been expressed that tho Houso would not con- sent to the passing of such a measure without a searching investigation. The bill had boon the subject of a very serious consideration outside (hat House, and tho conclu- sion, as he was informed, that had been arrived nt was, that as a measuro its effects would be injurious in tho extromo. Mr. HOLT thought that tho bon. member for Liverpool Plains was in error in supposing that there was any analogy between tho principio of case» contemplated by this bill, nnd that of thoso comprehended under tho Lion on Wool Act. In tho existing law tho Secret Bill Provontion Act provided for all that was required. Ho felt bound to sup- port tho amendment proposed by tho hon. mombor for tho Hawkesbury. Ho boliovod that undor tho provisions of this bill a great amount of fraud could bo perpetrated, and therefore ho felt bound to opposo it. A measuro of this kind would havo the effect of injuring really Bolvont partice,and thoy would bo the parties most suspected. Mr. FAUCETT thought tho bul proposed oxceodingly objectionable. Of late, legislation had been directed to preventing fraud upon creditors, and all know it was a very easy thing to commit fraud, Thoro was nothing in our legislation or in law which prevented a person having a largo amount of personal property from obtaining credit to anv extent upon tho Becurity of that property. The only object wo had in viow was preventing n person having property of that kind from defrauding others with a show of having it whon in reality it was not his own. Thero wero many restrictions placed by the Act 19 Vic. No. 2, and thero had boon a great many deoisions which rendered tho Act tolerably clear. He found if thoy adopted n sweeping ronioval of that Act as purported by this bill, wo at onco did away with tho security for tho creditors, and if this bill were passed, as indeed proposed, it would enablo a person who had incurred debts to an enormous amount under tho appearanco of having a largo amount of personal property in his possession, to mako over that property to a creditor whom ho may favour for a nomi- nal consideration, nnd the next day ho may bo made insol- vent lo tho ruin of all tho othor ci editors. Thoy should not allow legislation of that kind. It waa said, ho admitted, in the latter patt of the clauso that tho sale should bo bona /¡de mado-all those things wero bona fide mado. They know, also, the fact, that many attempts had beonmade, and it had been over and over again brought forward in tho Supremo Court, whero an untocedent debt had boen the rool cause of the bill of sule, but nominally becauso being a debt at the timo when tho borrower was in insolvent circum- stances. Ho found they woro ropealing a most bonou.ial clause to creditors of tho Insolvont Act. We woro taking away from them tho only protection they had of bringing thn proporty f)_ " _L.l*tov v-dor tl»o j_ri._t.iio_, of tHo Insol- vent Court, for the purpose of having it oquitably adminis- tered among tho creditors. Ho, for ono, waa not prepared lightly to do away with cortain clauses in tho Insolvont, Act, inoio particularly as tho whole of tho insol- vency laws wero likely to como under the con- sideration of the Houso shortly. Ho considerod tho second clause of the bill utterly objection- able, ns it did away with the first olauso of tho Act 19 Vic, No. 2, and repealed the fifty-fifth section of tho Insolvency Act. But it would also havo an effect upon a great many other clauses of tho Insolvency Aot, ana it would bo injurious in every possible way. Tho object of the 19 Vic, No. 2, was not to prevent bills of salo being executed ; it allowed them.' It mado bills void against creditors or tho representatives of creditors (the officiai assignees), and it was only reasonable that those should bo protected who havo land, money, and proporty, on tho security of the appearances of property in the hands of the person when la reality that pro- perty belonged to another. Ho thought tho third clause very objectionable, . because the very object of legislation was to enablo thoBe who choEO to go to thn registry office and seo what was there registered ; but why should ho bo compelled to go for a particular purpose r It was highly important to the commercial community of this city that any man should bo ablo to go to the registration Court and seo what bill of salo woi. registered which would affect him, and bo at liberty to glance ovar tho entiro registration if ho chose to pay the fees. The hon. member for West Sydnoy (Mr. Lovo) had statod that ho had been overcharged by a clork ia the Registry Oflice for searches, but ho (Mr. Faucott) belioved tho extra fees woro charged for extra searohee. Ne clork could mako any extra charges, and tho hon. momber should have made inquiries before he made a sweeping chargo of that kind. Ho regretted that he could not support tho bill, but ho trusted that in a short time thoy would havo an oppor- tunity of considering tho ontiro quostion of tho insolvency laws, Mr. DALGLEISH opposed tho bill for tho same reasons that he gave last night when a bill of a similar nature waa before tho House, becauso it would give undue opportu- nities to persons to obtain a preference over othor creditors. The present Act required amending in a differont direction to that proposed by tho hon. member, and ho thought that, instead of secret bills of sale being allowed, thero ought to bo a special enactment, making it incumbont on tho person ob- taining a bill ef sale to publish a notification of the ciroum stance in the Government Gazette. Tho fact of such a society existing as this Trade Protection Society was one of the strongest reasons in favour of his opinion. ÏTMr. CALDWELL said ho would support the amend- ment. At tho same timo ho thought thero was some good in this bill, and that it would be desirable it should bocomo law. He principally objected to the second clause, nnd was surprised that it should havo been proposed, for it struck at the very principle of equity and justice, and he hopod it would be rejected by the House, Ho was sorry his hon. friend tho membor for West Sydnoy should havo made tho statement he had put forth concerning tho charges for searching the records of tho office, because ho boliovod that if he looked into tho matter ho would find that no improper charges had been made. Ho should support tho amend- ment. Mr. DICKSON said that hon. members opposite, who had opposed this bill, had argued as though all who dosirod to raise money on their property were swindlers. It had in fact been stated that this was n bill to facilitate fraudulent transactions. Ho thought that all who agreed in tho de- sirability of the Preferablo Lien on Wool Act, or tho bill recently introduced, having reference to liens on orops, must see that the same principio ought to bo oxtonded to those who possessed othor kinds of property. Ha would bo tho last te offer any inducement or fnouity for the porform nnco of nny fraudulent or illegitimate act, but ho did not seo wby men in business, or who possessed property, should not bo enabled to raise saoney to carry on their operations if they could show that they were in a good position ; and it would bo only thoso who c.uld show that they woro possessed of property who could avail themselves legitimately of tho provisions of this bill. Ho could not seo the objection in point of principle to this bill. Tho principio involved was already to bo found on our Statute Book. Ho was a num- ber of the Trade Protection Society, and had been from the first; but ho must say that ho was inclined to think that the operations of that society had been usod for the purposo of raising an outcry against this bill. He, howevor, thought that all deeds ought to bo registered, not only in tho office of tho Registrar-General, but also in tho district whero they woro transacted. If this woro dono, the mer- chant who gave his property to individuals would not bo doing justice to himself unless he previously mado a search in order to ascertain whether thero was any incumbranco on the property of tho party with whom be transacted business. He thought thero was very little prospect of this bill becoming law, judging from tho feeling of tho HOUBO, but ho could not seo that any of tho wonderful consequences that had been predicted would result oven it wore passed. Ho could in stanco many catos where, by obtaining a small amount of .assistance, porsonB could go on conducting thoir business profitably, and paying every just olaitn, whereas they might $ ¡ ' . otherwise bo forced into the Insolvent Court. Ho was not, therefore, disposed to look on this matter in the samo light that some hon. mombors did. But ho must certainly say ho objected to tho third clauso, believing, as he did, that registration was tho great protection for tho honost trndor, and one from which no injury of any kind was likely to ariso. Mr. HART was opposed to tho bill, tho real offoot of which, in his opinion, was misundorstood by tho bon. member who just sat down. As had beon well said by the hon. mombors (Mr. Piddington and Mr. Dalgloish), this mow uro waa liablo to defeat the existing law, and to nullify ono of tho most valuablo clauses of tho Insolvent Act. Under this moasuro it would bo competent for dishonest tradors to impose largely on the community; just as had beon dono on several occasions in this oity and in somo parts of the interior. Dummies were sot up with a lot of worthless stock, who, aftor advertising oxtonsivoly as mer- chants or storekeepers, woro enabled to obtain credit ; and having dono so, down carno tho holder of a bill of solo and powor of attomoy, who ewopt off not only tho worthless *ck, but the goods thus fraudulently obtainod from other persons. Ho confessed that tho first olauBO of tho bill was a valuablo provision, but, as it was ombodiod in euch an _ objectionable mensuro as this, tho ovil of tho other sections would more than counterbalance its good effeots, and ho must thoreforo voto against tho measure alto- gether. As to tho registration, he contended that whore registration existed it should bo open to all. In this ropoct tradors and othors who obtained credit on personal property woro in no worso position than porsons who offoctod mort- gages on freehold proporty-(hoar, hoar)-or loans on cattlo, sheep, or produce. Registrations of this nature wero opon for »oaroh by all, and ho could soo no reason why thero should bo an exception in tho oaso of porsonal pro- perty. Mr. DICK said that his object in submitting this bill had been greatly misundorstood. His only motive was to carry out in its integrity tho 19th Viotoria ; and all tho objections which had boon uttered against this measure appliod with ¡equal forco to tho existing law. When a party borrowed monoy bona fido uponohattel security first of all tho registration waa mado oompulsory, and being thus made oognisablo by tbo publio, tho hüls given should bo good notwithstanding insolvency. Ho dcBired to havo theso bill registered in tho most opon manner. The hon, and rov. member opposite had stated that soriouB objections woro urgod against tho hill in certiin quarters, but thoro had boon objections against many bills from " certain quarters," and if a bill was to bo thrown out on such vaguo grounds as that it would bo botter to givo up legislation altogether. Thero woro in existence other Acts affording Uko facilities for raising loans on similar securities, and there woro no complaints that frauds woro committed under thoso measures, and why should it bo assumed that frauds would bo encouraged by this bill? Unless some such security was nfforded no ono would lend money except at a usurious rato of interest, that was, if on tho party borrowing becoming insolvont tho prspeity should go to tho goncral body of creditors. Tho objection raised by Mr. Fnucott showed that that hon. member had not read the bill. His (Mr. Dick's) object WOB to provent frauds upon creditors by moana of secret bills of sale, not to encourage or faoilitato fraud. A man of straw might bo Bet up to defeat the creditor undor tho present law just as easily as if this bill wore passed. Ono of tho chiof objects of this bill was, as in the Lion on Wool Act, to afford security to tho creditor. Ho was willing to agree to tho omission of tho third clause if the Houso assented to tho two other propositions, and though ho had littlo hopes of carrying tho measure, ho should divido tho Houso upon it if ho stood alono. Dr. LANG explained that tho "certain partios" to whom bo had referred wero represented by tho Trade Pro- tection Society. Mr. W. 1'ORSTER thought many of tho arguments urged against this bill would apply to existing Acts, and to I all modes of giving prcferablo securities against creditors of a particular class. Any frauds under this bill might bo practicable undor any other legislation. It was now possible to secure both real and porsonal proporty to nvoid liability to seizure by creditors, and it was quite practicable for a debtor to get rid of personal proporty by a transfer of it, as woll aa by a bill of salo, with u, view to bar a oreditor. Almost all modes of giving preferable securities wcro a fraud upon previous creditors, whoso relativo positions, as far as the obligations of the dobtor wero concorncd, implied that ho ought to bo placed in as good a position as other creditors with regard to the distribution of tho property. Ho held that any sort of distribution which placed ono creditor in a superior position to another waa to somo extent an act of injustice Tho law at present, however, had recognised tho distinotion between bonded debts and debts not secured in a par- ticular wny, the tendency being to givo a preieronco to thoso who took security in a certain form. | In order to avoid inconvenience, tho law allowed those por- sons who thus secured thomselves to prefer thoir claim be- fore others who did not. But in nllowing a preforonco of this kind, the law intended a public benefit ; and to secure that, it provided also that tho greatest possiblo publicity should bo given to theso transactions, so that for tho futuro all parties should bo guarded. It was against this publicity, which was for tho bonoflt of tho public, that tho hon. mem- ber's bill was principally aimed. Tho first clauso, as the hon. member had explained it, would doubtless bo a benefit, and if it stood alone he (Mr. F.) would havo supported tho measure ; but, unfertunutely, tho hon. mombor had mixed up in his bill principles so diametrically opposod to oach other that it was impossible for honorable mombors to givo it their support with any show of consistency. And in regard to tho second clause, by allowing a colourable transfer to stand as an nctnnl transfer, Ilia vuiy principio of -puUltcIty for -which ho contended was thrown out of consideration. Our law had always insisted upon possession being accompanied by au actual transfer, and though oven this might bo modo collusivoly, yet if they wero to logalise a possession without an actual transfer, thon this operation might bo continued indefinitely. Whon ho carno to tho third clauso, howover, ho agreed entirely with thoBe hon. members wbo said that this clauso was inconsistent with the public interest. So far from diminishing tho publicity, he would bo willing, if it could bo done, to post up all these securities in the public streets, so that evoryone might know of them. Even if this woro done, tho parties wbo gavo the security would have no rigkt to oomplain. And furtbor, any person having the right to search tho public records, had a right to search them all without limi- tation. In these respects thon the bill was most objection- able, and ho should vote against it. Mr. WEEKES regretted that tho hon. membor had not withdrawn this measure, because an Insolvent Bill was under consideration in another placo, and would shortly bo submitted to this Houso. Many of tho objects contemplated by this bill might bo then introduced into that measure. Many of the argumonts used against this bill wore no othor than might havo been very fairly adduced against the whole system of mortgages and liens ; or against any caso in which a man waB not so much tho real as the apparent owner of property in hiB possession. In all theso cases a facility of search was given by law, and tho esme facility ought'to be givon in the cases alluded to in this bill. He did not at all think that tho hon. member was wrong in endcovouring to make that which purported to bo a good security a real and a valid one. It did no moro than put tho holder of a bill of sale in the same position as a mortgagee, The third clauso, however, was ovidontly tho one that had brought down all the opposition to the bill, bocauso, as the hon. member greatly increased tho powor of these instruments, he should also increase tho publicity that was given to them. Instead of doing this, howover, ho decreased it. For the reasons ho had given, ho should oppose tho second reading of tho bill. Mr. DRIVER, in reference to the remarks of the hon. Treasurer, said that thero woro already too many com- plaint» at the way in which all manner of matters wore inBOrtod into various Aots that had no relation whatever to them. So much was this the case, that porsons wore often at a loss to know where to look for particular matters, Thoy ought to stndy, then, tojprovent this in future, and not to further add to the difficulty, as thoy would if thoy followed the hon. Treasurer's suggestion and regulated bills of sale by a clauso in tho Insolvent Act, where no ono would over think of looking for it. The matter dealt with by the bill was very much required, and waB loudly called for by people out of doors, and for that reason ho should support tho bill. Mr. DICK said he might perhaps have an opportunity of introducing the clauses of this bill into anothor measure before long, and ho should thoreforo beg leave to withdraw the bill. Mr. PIDDINGTON opposed the withdrawal of the bill. The amendment woe then put, and carried on the follow- ing division: Ayes, 3S. Mr. Cowper Dr. Lang Mr. Buchanan Wceltcs Mr. Terry Gordon Arnold Smart Morrice Moriarty Hannell Dalgleish W. Forster Lewis Dangar Faueett Harpur Raper Sutherland Suttor Garrett Allen Shepherd Eusden Windeyer Hart Cowper, jon. Hay Lackey Cummings BUIHB Holt R. Forster I Sadleir Caldwell Loro J Piddington Hoskins Tcllors. Noes, 7. Mr. Wisdom Mr. Leary Mr, Lucas ) Driver Dick Dickson ( Wilson Tellers, The question, that the bill be read a second timo that day six months, was then put, and carried without division. MRS. MARY JONES Mr. MORRICE moved, pursuant to notice, " Thatthis Houso will, on Friday next, resolve itself into a committeo of tho whole, to consider of an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will cause to be placed on the estimates for 18G3, a Bum of monoy not exceeding ono thousand pounds, as compensation to Mrs. Mary Jynes for losses sustained by her lato husband, J. H. Jones, in car n ing out his mail contract between Melbourne and Sydney during tho jcar 1851." Ho had personally been acquainted with many of the circumstances of this caso, and had thus felt it his duty te bring it onco moro before tho Houso. At the last timo that tho subject hod been brought forward he had not been able to Uko any action thoreon, having at that lime been absent from tho Houso. Ho had lived in the neighbourhood where this contract was carried on, and had thus como to know many oircumstances of the caso now again submitted to them. The lato Mr. Jonos had sustained many serious losses in the carrying out of his mail contract, for which it was desired that compenastion should be given by the Government. At tho timo of tho contract thoro waa a serious drought, and a prevalence of bush fires from Yass rpwarda, which had materially increased the difUcultie» with which Mr. Jones had had to contend, and had been the tudiwit means of causing mnoh loss in his horso stock. Ho spoke from personal knowledge of the truth of what he stated, having Urosolf lost a largo number of oattlo and sheep about that time. Many of Mr. Jones' horses died and he was on tho brink of boing ruined. Ho most probably would havo boen but for the assistance ho received from Mrs. Jones out of tho proporty left to hor for her children by her former husband. That assistance would not havo boen afforded had not some kind of promiso of compensation been mado by the Government. Tho trouble that this contract caused to Mr. Jones had affootod his mind, and his illness was tho principal reason why the ac- counts were not properly furnishod to the Government. Ho hoped the Houso would not rofuso tho committeo of en- quiry. Mr. CUMMINGS seconded tho motion. Mr. "WEEKES said tho investigation that had already taken place, had shown that somo compensation should be mado. (Hear, hoar.) Ho thought tho caso might ba gono into by the committeo, and suoh compensation awarded as the circumstances might justify. Mr, DALGLEISH opposed tho motion. Tho caso had boon before tho Houso before ; it had boon enquired into by a select committee, and no case for compensation was mado out. The Government had always shown a willingness to give compensation if any claim had boon mado out, but thero was not tho slightest proof to support tho claim. Influence had been brought to boar upon honorable mom bers to induco them to view this coso favourably, but thoy should bo careful before thoy perpetrated such a job. If the Minister belioved thero was a caso for compensation, why did not ho put it on tho Estimates, and not allow a private member to bring tho caso before tho Houso. Ho oonoludod by moving tho previous question, Mr. CUMMINGS said he was a contractor at tho timo Mr. Jones undortook tho contraot in question, and ho oould bear testimony to the severity of the timos. It must also bo horno in mind that then contractors could not givo up their contracts at three months' notice, but wero required to continuo thom for tho year. [The honorable momber mentioned a contract iu which ho himsolf was concerned at tho time, and for which ho was componBated.] Ho boliovod all tho con- tractors had boon compensated, with tho exception of Mr. Jones, andhoboliivedho too had a promiso of compensa- tion. Ho did not seo how tho Govommont could now object to compénsate tho widow of this man. Tho hon. member then alluded to tho loss ofhoalthof Mr. Jonos, who, ho remarked, "novor rocovorod his health from that day until he was in his gravo." (Laughter.) Mr. HAY said ho did not blamo Mrs. Jonos, or any othor individual, for using every means to rocovor compensation which might bo supposed to bo duo, but still hon. mombors had a duty to dischargo towards the public, and it bohovod them to bo cautious how thoy opened tho door to cloims of ibis kind. It was not the claim of a particular individual that thoy hod alone to considor, but the principle which | would bo admitted in the ovent of such a motion as this being agreed to. Tho bon. gontloman who last addrossed tho Houso professed to bo well acquainted with tho facts of this case, but, if so, ho cortninly did not favour tho Houso with any great amount of information regarding it (Hoar, hear.) This question had beon frequently boforo tho Houso before, and ho (Mr. Hay) did not purposo on tho present occasion to arguo upon tho merits of the coEo. If the Colonial Treasurer roally boliovod that thero was ground for a claim of tho kind, the propor court o would bo for tho Government to placo a sum upon tho Estimates. (Hear, hear.) Ho agreed that in cases whero promises woro mado involving tho honour of the Government, it was only just and rieht that theso promises should bo redeemed, no mattor how long a poriod of time had elapsed. But tho question hero was whether it was proved that a promiso bad beon made, and what tho nature of it was. They had no proof that any promiso had boon broken, but if tho Treasurer considered the case mado out to tho satisfaction of tho Government, then it was his duty to submit a voto of compensation on tho Estimates. The Houso could then go into tho wholo question, and decido as to tho propriety of sanctioning tho expenditure. The present modo of proceeding was objoctionablo, inasmuch as it involved an assont on the part of the Houso that compen- sation really was duo, and ho objected to going on with tho matter with tho imperfect information at command. Whon, however, tho subject carno boforo thom on the responsibility of tho Government, ho would bo quito willing to ontortain it, and in order that this might bo dono ho would suggest tho propriety of the present motion boing withdrawn. Mr. RAPER said ho had pleasure in supporting tho motion, knowing as ho did from actual oxporienco tho groat loss that Mr. Jonos sustained by his contract through tho discovery of gold at Ophir in that year-on ovent that had occasioned an advanoo of 300 or 400 per cent, in tho cost of bay nnd othor produce No man in his senses would over hnve thought of carrying on a largo contract like that unless ho bad received from tho Government somo aBsurnnoe that an incrcaso would bo allowed, and Sir Charles Nichol- son was ono individual atloagt who knew tho facts and justified tlio claims of Mrs. Jonos. In foot, ho (Mr. Raper) did not think tho Government would bo doing more than justice if they wero to allow this sum of £1000 with interest from tho dato of Mr. Jones' death. Mr. BUCHANAN considered this to bo a mattor of simple justice, and that thore was no difficulty in arriving at tho truth .oncoming it. The question resolved itself | into this-had this woman any claims upon tho Govern- ment ? Ho hold that she had, and that thoBo claims woro acknowledged by tho Colonial Socrotary at tho time. Tho facts woro, that her lato husband had boen oarrying on a Government contract, and boing met by a series of disas- trous catastrophes, ho threatened to throw up tho con- traot. Either the Colonial Secretary, or some other member of tho thon existing Govommont, promised hiin that if ho continued tho contract ho should bo reimbursed for any IOSBCS ho might tboreby sustain. Ho was subsequently askod to send in his claim, but, through illncBB, failed to do so, and the matter for tho time fell to the {pound. He (Mr. Buchanan) believed this claim was admitted by tho present Government, and of coursait was merely for ¿ho Houso to say what Bhould bo the amount of compensation that would bo equivalent to the losses sus- tained in carrying out tho contraot from tho timo her hus- band expressed his intention of giving it up, and was promised indemnification. If justice woro refused in this cato, it would bo hopeless to appeal to the Houso for justice in any similar case. Mr. WILSON did not express any opinion whether Mrs. Jones was entitled to compensation, nor did ho think this was tho proper way to bring the question before the Houso. A committee had investigated these claims, and had adopted a report, which was carried by tho ca.ting vote of tho chairman, one-half of the committee boing disposed not to givo any compensation at all. If, however, tho Govern- ment, after weighing tho ovidonco and taking it into con- sideration, thought that Mrs. Jones was entitled to com- pensation, it was their duty to take tho responsibility upon themselves and mako provision for placing a sum of money upon tho Estimates. It appeared in ovidonce that when Sir Charles Nicholson, who ¿ad been bondsman for Mr. Jones on several previous occasions, was asked to become bondsman in this contraot ; ho refused, becauso ho saw that it would lead to Mr. Jones's ruin, and so informed him. Notwith- standing this Mr. Jones entered into tho contract, having provided another bondsman. And tho Houso was bound by the evidence to conclude that his lóseos wero not owing to circumstances that occurred after the contract was taken up, but to hiB want of foresight in not tendering sufiioiently high ; that, indeed, he had mado a bad speculation, and afterwards sought compensation. Ho (Mr. Wilson) should considor himself bound to voto for the previous question. Mr. MORIARTY said that nlthough tho report of the select committee was favourable to Mrs. Jones, still as somo of the members wero not in attendance when the report was arrived at, it could only bo taken as tho opinion of three or four members of the committeo. Ho was always ready to receivo with respect tho recommendatioas of a select committee, but this report had never been adopted by the House. He did not want to criticise the votes of thoso who had supported this claim then and now, because the ovidenco that carno before thom might bo different, or additional facts might bo adduced. Tho question was not whothor other olaims would bo brought lorward, but whother this claim now before thom was such a ono as thoy ought to allow. If it wero so no mattor how many claims* might follow it, thoy ought to do justice. The bon. Treasurer had declared that thoro wero grounds for con- sidering whether thoro wero not grounds for making some allowance to this lady, and such being tho caso that Houso ought to givo thoir attention to it. Ho would adviso tho withdrawal of this motion, on the understanding that the Government would place on tho Estimates suoh a sum as they might think would compensate for tho loss sustained. Mr. R. FORSTER admitted that ho felt an interest ia this matter, and was not ashamed to confess that ho did. When ho saw a widowed lady coming bofore this House and complaining of an injustice dono to hor husband, be could not holp fooling interested in hor caBe. It had boon said that the Govomment had not admitted this claim for com- pensation, but in answer to this ho would refer hon. mem- bers to the Colonial '.Secretary's Iotter of 12th July, 1851. It would bo found that the claim was there admitted, as also in tho loiters of tho Postmaster-General of 1st July, 1851, and 7th Ootober, 1851, Theso letters would bo found at I tached to the proceedings of tho committee. Other hon. members, however, went further and assorted that no loss had been proved ; but ho thought thoro was plenty of evi- dence of this in the fact that though Mr. Jonos had bought ' "rogo at an apparently cheap rate, yet that he had paid enormous prices for its carriage up to Tarcutta, Albury, and other places on the lino ; and that ho had to do this becauso there was no feed on the lino by reason of tho bush fires that had burnt up tho gross over tho whole of tho south country, It was understood thon that in taking mail contracts, forago was not taken into account, as tho contractors looked _ to the bush feed to support their horses ; the country being burnt up, and Mr. Jones having to cart up all the food for the mail horses, a very heavy loss must havo beon expo liinced. In addition to this, thoro was evidence of somo thirty horses having died in consequonce of tho want of feed and water in the bush. It had also boen urged, that thero was no positivo vorbol ovidenco that tho justice of tho claim had boen admitted by Mr. Thomson, tho then Colo- nial Socrotary ; but though tho evidence of Mr. Thomson did not fully admit tho olaim, yet it did so partially. And then why could not tho statoment of Mrs. Jono3, which was direct nnd positivo, be belioved ? Did honorable inembors think that becaui.o she was interested in the result, sho could not speak tho truth ? She said horsolf that she had gone to tho Colonial Socrotary at tho time, and had told him that unlesscompensalion woro mado, Mr. Jones would throw up the contract, The Colonial Secretary had said that ho would compel the fulfilment of the contract; but finding that ho could not do this, ho had afterwards told hor that ho would consider her olaim. This brought him to a dis- crepancy between tho evidence of Mr. Abbott and that of Mrs, Jones. Mr. Abbott, the secretary to tho Post Office, | said that Mr. Jones could not give up his contraot ; whilst Mrs Jonoa assorted that ho could do BO In ordor to settle this matter, he had himself gone to the Postmastor Gcneraiandhad prooureda form of contract used at that tuno He feund from that, that proviouB to 1861 there waa a very simple form of tender, under which a person could throw up his oontract at any timo It had not been until 185o, after Mr. Jones's contract, that the present system had been adopted This waa all eince Mr Jones' contract Ho considered that the claim of this lady ought to be considered on the hasia of its own mente, and not as taken m connection with tho effect that an admission of it might possibly have upon the fate of any similar claims Tho circumstancos of the whole caso ought to be taken into consideration Horses had died on the line of road, men had deserted the stations, the whole line of country was burnt up, and water was wanting everywhere. All this went to show that Mr Jones must have suffered vory considerable loss It was by no meana difficult to arnvo at a just cstunato na to what tho amount of that loas was Mr Morewother had, ho bolievod, mado a calculation which was supposed to prove that no actual loss had been sustained, but that, on tho contrary, thoro had beon a gain to Mr Jones of £8 by this contract But this calculation was not to be relied upon, becauao it did not take the great cost of the carnago of fodder into consideration Mr Mate also, a member of that Heuso, had given somo ovidonoe whioh went to show that ho considered that no compensation waa required, but ho (Mr Forstor) could, if he wero pormltted, bring forward several reasons why not much consideration should be given to tho ovidonco of that hon gontleman Ho should support tho motion, but must confess that he should havo preferred to have seen the matter takon up by the Colonial ircaaurer But perhaps tho hon mombor for Camden d14 n°t hko to ask tho hon the Colonial treasurer to toko tho matter in hand He could easily understand from what ho saw m that Houso why ho should not Motives might have boen gratuitously imputed to the honorable membor if ho had adopted such a course lho claim had been rejocted by the Houso bofore by what the hon member for Sydnoy West had boen pleased te stylo an ovorwholming majority-a majority of three He confessed ho was not surprised at tho opposition which had been raised by some hon members to this claim, but ho hoped to seo justice dono to this widow nevertheless by tho majority of that House Mr HOSKINS conceivod that tho bon mombor who had just addressed the Houso had dealt very unjustly to- wards thosohon members who had expressed thoir intention of voting for the amendment. They had not, as Hie bon member seemod willing to suppose, thereby expressed thomselves adverso to tho* claims of Mrs Jones Ho thought the hon member had been unnecessarily severe Ho could not understand the reason why tho boa memboi for Camdon had put tho motion on the paper Ho must havo been aware that tho Govommont had tho oa*o in hand lost session, and put tho sum of £1000 upon tho Estimates na compensation to Mrs Jones Hud tho hon member heard any special reasons why the House should vote the money now, seeing that it refused it lost session If ho had ho could have communion ed with the Government and asked them to put another sum on the Estimates He differed from the hon member for New England in another respect By noting compensation to Mrs Tones, thoy would bo establishing n v er} d ingorous precedent If the contractors who lost monoy ou tho dis- cover} of lho gold holds in 1851, consequent upon the in crease of wages and rise m thopneo of fodder for horses, eaw that compensation had been awarded to Mrs Jones, they w ould also como down to the Houso and oBk for com pcnsation There might bo special circumstances in the case of Mrs Jones, but ho had not hear 1 of any beyond the statements ot tho bon member for Canterbury (Mr Raper) and the bon member for EnstMacquano (Mr Cummings) who informed tho Houso that they had contracts at tho time and would havo had to gi\o them up hil not tho Govern I ment increased tho subsidios He (Mr Hoskins) should not express any opinion upon Mrs Jones c1 um upon tho Government Tho Colonial Secretary of the timo (tbo hon L Deas I houison) when giving oudenco before tho com mittee, said ho hid no recollection of the Government having made in; arrangements to increase tho suoaidy to Mr Jones Ho also said tho claim wa'investigated at tho timo, and it was disallowed One olhcor of the Government, and one onh, was of opinion that Mrs Jones claim was a\alid ono, but tho Chief Secretary waa of an entirelj difieren! opinion Mrs Jones mibhthaiafresk reasons to urge upon the Government, and if so, tho responsibility rested on the Government, and it was for them to placo a sum of money on tho Estimates Hon members ought to pause before they accedod to tho motion, because the mombors of tho committee who sat on the caso lastvear were voiy much divided, and some of tho par^ graphs of the roport wero cirried bj tho casting vote ot the chairman Moreover, tho claim was rejected bv a majority in a House of twentj seven-not a largo Houso but as largo us ordinarily Heconsideredtheiemarkoofthohon membor for Morpeth to tho effect that it would be inhuman and absurd to reject the claim as ridiculous He (Mr Hoskins) thought the bon member s bump of benevolence must hive recently undergone considerable development, as ho found, by reference to tho votes of January last, that ho (Mr Buchanan) voted against it, and now m Juno ho advocated it Mr BUCHANAN wished to oxplain that ho under- stood before voting on the occasion reforred to that the claim of Mr Jones had been allowed, and that ho was re quested to send m his claim but he failed to do so, and he (Mr Buchanan) voted against it Ho bad understood unce that the failure of Mr Jonos to -send in his claim was caused bv his death (Laughter ) Mr HOSKINS The non member must be under a cloud, seeing that Mr Jones had been dead ten years If any circumstances ~ua transpired since the question w 11 before the Houso on a former occasion, tho Government oufeht to be made acquainted with it Mr BUCHANAN Tha Government admit the claim Mr HOSKINS Then why did thoy not put a aum of money on tho Estimates' Ho objected to this mattoi being brought forward by a private member Mr HOLT regretted that a subject of this nature should have to bo brought forward in 1862 It ought to havo bein settled in 185_ Justice done inl86_for 1 claim which accrued in 1851 was at the very least, but half justice If it were found on investigation that 1 thousand pounds waa due in 1851 to Mrs Jones, £1000 paid now would bo equal to not moro than £500 paid in I80I, taking into oonsidoration tho loss of compound interest Having read the evidence end considered the facts, he wa* convinced in bia own mind that she had a just and valid claim He felt sure that a Court of Equity would have set aside contracts such as those entered into, immediately before the gold discovery (Hear, hoar ) It it was too late to do justice to Mr Jones it was not too late to do justice to bia widow and children (Hear, bear ) AB to the tatt of Mr Ihomson not remem bflrmg any promise which had been mado to Mr Jones, ho did not think that was at all remarkable, considering the enormous business which at that time claimed his attention, but that such a promise had beon given he had not the slightest doubt It was in 1859 when this oontract waa acceptca, and Sir Charlea Nicholson had consented to boconio a bondman but when the bond was offered for signature, Sir Charlee Nicholson advised him not to com- plete it, but ho relied on the honour of the Govommont, and earned out his contract If ho had followed the advice of Sir Charles Nicholson this question would not now havo been under discussion. Mr DANGAR said bo voted for a Bundar motion somo time ago, and ho would vote for the motion now boloro the House. "W hen the estimate was proposed, it was brought in when there wero but fow members present, but ho thought it would stand a much better chanco of success m a full houso He himself liad been a contractor, but he found that circumstances rendered it impossible that ho could curry out a contract ho undertook owing te the altered circumstances of the colon} lho Government, hovovor, issued summonses but ho placed his case m the hands of a gentleman who was now ono of our most eminent hamsters-Mr James Martin-and he pulled lum through (Laughter) Ho would vote for thom Jtion. It would bo best to have itsottled this evening, so that justice would be done, and this poor widow be remunerated for the heavy losses oxpenenced by her husband in fulfil ling hw contract with the Government Ho did n it know MrB Jones personally at all, but this wa un o-trenio case which the Honso was quitejustifled in dealing with Mr COWPER said that this matter had boen frequently boforo tho House, and the Govornment having, on a former occfBion, mado n proposal ishich was rejected in Committee of Supply, be did not think thoy could bo fairly called on to proposo a second sum, unless callod upon by tho House to do so. Personally ho did not feel that this was a caBO where ho could vote against tho motion for going into com mittee- (hear, hi or)-IIB it appeared to him from the documents boforo the Houso, that there was somo premiso made in favour of Mr Jonea This was clearly shown by the letter of Mr Deas Thomson to the Lieutenant Governor of Victoria,dated 10th Julj, 18al, and by the terms of Mr Jones s communicotion in September of tho samo year And as they had latterly been doing juslico in respect to Boveral old claims, he did not 6oe why a sinular courBO fchould not be token m regard to this At an} rate. if the Houso refused to go into committee to recommend this appropriation, the Government did not feel that thoy could bo expected again to place it on the Estimates Mr BURNS considered that although Mrs Jonos mnrht not havo n legal, still abo had a moral claim on the Govern ment, and he should therefore voto in favour of the motion It vinr clear to him that a promise must havo been made to Mr Jones, or he would never have signed the contraot OB ho did, Borne months after ho had actually commenced the soi vico Mr, SADLEIR was disposed to vote against this résolu lion unless further information was obtainod in substantia- tion of tho claim, and moro conclusivo ovidenco that the contract was continued on a promise from the Government that for tbo losses entailed thereby reimbursement would bo given It appeared to him that Mr Jones after entenng upon this contract, was bound to take it for better for worse But if the Government really did interfere with the conditions, ihat would form grounds for some such claim as this Before sanctioning the proposed compensation, howover, the House ought to have before it documents to show that this waa a peculiar caso, otherwise they would bo forming a dangerous piecedent by sanction- ing tbo claim There were at present no data boforo tho House upon which to h\ tho axueunt of compensation, if they deoided upon giving any Ho waa of opinion, from what ho know of the case, that the lossea in question woro sustained through Mr Jones a want of prudonoo, even after being warned Somo of tho pnnoipal reasons probably that induced him to tako up the contract under the then existing circumstancos wore that, being the keeper of a largo inn, ho might mako it tho moans of drawing patronage thereto, and ho was vory likely, too, to bo anxious to koop tho oontraot in ma POMOS sion As the caso was now placed before the Houso, I» (Mr Sadleir) could not vote for tho resolution, seeing » addition to other things, that it was brought forward bra pnvato membor, who had really adduced nothing in It, support. Dr LANG said as the Govommont had admitted thatu their estimation there was a claim for compensation, to eoau extent, ho should havo preferred that tho Ministry h.a. ah» stated their opinion as to tho amount. After ¡tho adretae voto of last session, tho Government could not havo pUoe. any proposed sum upon the Estimates without another vota of the House recommending it Tho caso out of which ¿ii claim had nrisen was ono which could not by any possibility occur again-ho referred to tho discoTory of gold in Australia, in the year 1851. At tho time this oantract was taken up not only was there this great event looming at hand, but shortly after thero were very severe droughts, Out burned up tho pasturago, and rendered carriage enormously dear The circumstances, it was admitted on all ha¡_¿L wero extraordinary and unprecedented, both in this colony and in the then recently fotniod colony oi Viotoru The precedent established under those circumstances could not bo pleaded at any futuro period But there was a precedent in the history of tho colony very strongly applicable to this coso In 1806 or 1807 it wai tho practice in tho contract to contract for the delivery of wheat after tho harvest Several persons had purchased ig this way at 7s a bushel, but as wheat ran up to 40i ia consequence of tho floods on tho Hawkesbury, tho wheat so purchased was not delivered, and actions brought by theso persons wera decided against them Beside this, there was an admission on tho part of tho Government of tho day that tho caso was pcouhar in tho fact that upon tho same ground thoy had recom- mended an addition to tho ealnnes of tho officials This %ery Government that had refused to do justice to Mr. Jones had recognised tho principle of interference, nnd had dono very much more than justice to tho80 who had louder voiceB or more influence This showed them that it was not an ordinary caso, and ha trusted the Houso would recogniso tho| claim, and taat somo moderate allowance would bo mado to this lady Mr LEARY said that, on looking at the ovidonco, ha found that Mr Thornton, the then Colonial Socrotary, hal stated that thoro woro exceptional cases, in which tho losses sustained by contractors were worthy of consideration, such cases being where the loss had been sustained through bush fires or such liko His only difficulty was, how to como to a conclusion as to what Mrs Jones was entitled to From the returns furnished on tho motion of tho hon momber for Sydney East (Mr. Stewart), he found that the Government of the day considered Mr Jones entitled to something, and then further return) sinco laid on the tablo showed that thoro was somo loss, out to what oxtent did not appear The Postmaster General said that Mr Jonos was entitled to compensation on account of tho increased pneo of forage , and then tha postmasters in tho different localities along tho lino proveí that in the year alluded to, hay had run up from £2 to £8 per ton, in consequence of tho bush tires prevailing all over the country Thus Mr. Jonos was entitled to reçoive com- pensation for the différence m tho pneo of forage It became nccefsory tuen to know what quantity was con sumed , and tho non member for Murray had suggest«. that vouchors should have been produced Unfortunately, however, Mr Jonos had becomo deranged, or had suffer., m 6omo viav. ind this part of tho motion had boon negiectai Ho thought thero was sufficient to prove that Mrs Jona« was entitled to soraothing Still thoro was nothing to show them what that sum was that she was entitl-d to claim Ile felt bound, howover, even in the nbsonco of that speoilio uifonintion to voto for this motion The previous question-that thm question ho now put was then earned on tho following division - Aves, 32 Mi Cowper Mr Smart Di Line? Weekes Cunnecn Mr Hnchanan Arnold Miepbord Hart Dun >. Allen Micleay Suthcilinil I car) FiRCr Cnnettt Luca Dingai ltiper Caldwell Hannett le. forster 1 aucett Suttor Love Driver Cowper, jua, I Harpur Lickcy Holt ( Cumming» Morrice Tellers Noes, 1. Mr Monarlv Mi Dalgleish Mr Wisdom Vi lorster 'Wilson Hoskins îerry Sadleir Rusden) Hav Dickson Gordon Í Teller« The original motion was then put and earned GROWfH or COT ION Mr HAY moved for leave to bring in a bill to mako provision for encouraging tho groath of cotton m New bout li W ales 1 ho bill he desired to introduco was ono calculated to encourage thoso who wore inclinod to under- take tho growth of cotton in thw colony, and to protect thoso who took part in that enterprise from unnecessary expense It had been originally proposed by tnoso gentlemen who woro anxious to have this experiment tried that foi every £1000 subsenbod an equal amount should bo asked for from the Legislature, but that idea had been abandoned by tho association at whoso instanca this bill had been prepared Iho bill was short aid simple, consisting of but two clauses Its objoct was to cn iblo tho Government to grant lind in two placea in the colony to parties able to eitisfy the Government in respect of their intentions ns regarded tho growth of cotton The land, it was proposed, should bo held for five years, and if, at the end of that time, no loss should have occurred, thou it was pioposcd that tho land should revert to tho Crown If, cn the other hand, there should be losses, the land was to lo sold to pav for those losses Dr LANG seconded the motion Motion put nnd carried, mover ind seconder to f.rm a committee to bring up ino bill At u subsoquont 6tago of the proceedings, the bul waB brought up, road a first time, and oidercd to bo printed MAITLAND POLICE DISTRICT Mr BURNS moved, " That there be laid upon the table of this House,-1. Copies of any applications which have been made to the Government to appoint an assistant police clerk, or to place on the Estimates a sum for the salary of such an officer, for the district of Maitland. 2. A copy of on application from Messrs. Wyndham and Lindsay, for the appointment of a Court of Petty Sessions at Black Creek. 3. Copy of a letter recently addressed to the Colo- nial Secretary by certain of tho magistrates of West Mait- land, deprecating the establishment of a court at Black Creek. As also, copy of a petition from the inhabitants of the latter place to the contrary effect. He thought the matter might probably come before the House in another form subsequently, and therefore he desired to have the whole of the correspondence. Tho motion having been seconded, Mr COWPER said thero would be no objootion to tho production of the papers asked for The motion was then put and passed PRAYER Mr TAUCETl moved, ' That tho resolution of this Houso, passed on tho 24th Juno, directing that the busmen of this House be commenced with pi_yer, bo rescinded ' Thei a would doubtless bo somo opposition to the motion whieh ho had now proposed He considered tho motion pissen the other evening ono of the most ímpoi Lint that the Houso had over passed-(hoar, hear)-and ho trusted ho should bo nblo to show some reason for asking for it to be rescinded Tho subject had been argued by the Houso before, but with a different result. It had placed him in n position m which ho did not wish to bo nlaced, and in which he had no right to bo placed by any majority of that Home (Hear, hear ) Be had tho greatest respect for tho chair, and for tho pcieon who at present filled it, but he did not desire to stand or kneel thero whilo that person uttered > pray or, by command, ovor his head. (Hear, hear ) If thoy desired to como to the Houso filled with devotional feelings, they could pray at home, and not bo compelled to listen to a prayer there, contrarv to thoir feelings, and con trury to their principle.-a prayer in which thoy did not join, and uttered by a person other than a duly ordained chaplain (Hear, hear ) The hon member for Nowtoua said ho believed in tho efficacy of prayor , BO did ho (Mr Taucett), but were Uley to pray at tho bidding of that non member, or any number of non mombers, a prayer dictated bj a chance maionty * Even if the majority had benn fairly ai d regularly got-and ho did not charge the hon member with any unfairness-wero thoy to bo dictated to m this ago of liberty in that way * When thoy saw the rosult of the motion now sought to bo rescinded ho thought even tha bon member himself would regrot that ho over stirred in it (No, no) From what ho had heard-for thank God ho had not scon it tho Speaker did not know how to read the prayor, stand- ing or sitting Ho (the Speaker) said tho most respectful way of uttering a prayer was standing Ho (Mr Fawcett) denied it (Hear, hear ) He held that tha most appro- priate way to pray was to prostrate himsolf on his knees Ho understood that somo hen members, from conscientious motives, were obliged to walkout of tho Houso whüotha prayer was being offered He had heard that, while somo bon members wero standing during the prayer, others wero sitting Thoy had no right, in that enlightened ago, to com- pel any ono to adopt'any particular form of prayer (Hoar ) Ho would heconlessed rather seo a chaplain appointed than bo "chaplainised" by any hon member who might happen to be placed in tho chair of Speaker Tho next thing would probably bo a motion that they should kneel while tho prayer was boing delivered, and if the majority woro in favour of it they would carry tho motion Tho next thing would bo a motion for tho appointment of a chaplain, and if thero wore a majority m favour of it it would bo carried Ihen who would bo tho chaplain ' Of courso ho would be ono ontortaining tho opinions of tha majority. If ho and thoso who boliovod with him on such matters wero to bo in tha majority, and carry a motton of the kind, they would say that the prayer should bo uttered with all tho forms they believed m (No.no) They would have as much right as tho late majority to decido that the prayer earned by tho majonty should bo uttered in tho manner thoy considered tha most solemn and with all tho formality thoy considered con- tributed to solemnity (Mr HOL. No, no) Tha bon. member said "No,' the very expression of his norav tion showed tho inconsistency of his motton. He (Mr. 1 aucett) did not join with tho non momber in prayor ha did not desire to do so (" It is a form adopted by tho House') Ho repudiated tho House Iho House was no authonty to him on a matter of this kind Tho Houso had no nght thus to introduoo an old state of things which had been abandonod by the modem usages of society. (No, no ) How long had this country flourished without thaï form, that had already been a mockery H o did not, however, agree with somo hon members who c aid it was blasphemy But if only half a dozon members walked out of tho Houso on tho praj er being read, and another half dozen sat down, while another half dozen stood., it would be a mockery, and if perchance tUero should b» va. tho chair som. nersoni who happened not to possess the same high fooling as Um Present Speaker, and who had not the samo dosiro to carry out the resolution with all the reepoçt duo to tho Deity, what might tboy not see? They might eeo the Sneaker running glibly and oarelessly over the words, or mumbling them so us to make thom ndicnlouB, and turn tho Drov er into a mockery and a farco Ho trusted the Housti would look cnln.ly at this matter Ho rospoctod the motive» if tho honorable member who lntio duccd this motion, and ho had no doubt ho desired to propitiate tho Deity and bnng down a blessing on tho pro- ceedings of the Houso, but the sinconty of othor hon members did not prevent tho matter from offending tho feelings of a vast number of hon member«, and prevontmg tho wholo thing beroming, as in tho English Houso of Commons, a mockerv. (No, no ) He felt that this was tho most tender (,round upon which ho had over trod Ho had spoken warmly, but ho truBtod hen mombors would not behovo that ho had said a singlo word willingly to insult tho feolinga or wound the prejudices of any singlo honorablo member (Hoar, hear ) It might bo said that the argumonts in favour of tho motion were very strong and conclusivo, but upon this matter ho would quote an extract from a speooh dohvered in the House by an honorablo member who then illlod an im- portant and distinguished position aS a pnvate mombor, who at present filled tho high ollico of Speaker-Mr Tcreuco Aubrey Murray-whoso opinions at that time had considerable weight, and whoso opinions would havo woight still His observations seemed to havo mot this cmo entirely. They were delivered on a motion of Mr Holt to open tbo proceedings of tho Heuso with prayer, and were as follows -[The honorablo member quoted from the Sydney Motmny Herald of June 4, I80G ] .? Ho should support tho motion for the previous question, not however, cm tho grounds montionod by the last speaker with reference to the clergy, but the House boing composed of a greut vnrioty of denominations, it would bo a matter of almost insurmountable difficulty to fix upsn a form of pre}er congcnial'to all, [pelhapB, ho might bo allowed to soy that tho present form was not congenial to him ns well as others, and were not tho feelings of tho minority to bo respected '] and further, the reading of this prayer or psalm would eventually become a moro mockery, similar to that in tho House of Commons, where most of the members only attended pru} ors on occasions when great debates were coming off in order that they might secure good places Why he would ask, did not a court of justico commonco its proceedings with prayer whon it had to deni with the life of a follow creature ' Why did not tho bench, tho bar, and the jurors, invoke the blessing of God ? Surely their dutv was as momentous as that of this Assembly However much thoy somotimos differed, they were, ho trusted, always animated by a desire to do right, and that waB a he'ter way, according to his opinion, of acknowledging tho Lord, than by mumbling over a praver da} after day Ho wjuld liko to know if the bon. proposer of this re olution, m ombarkmg m his largest commercial speculations, invoked tho Divine blessing ' Ho ccrtara'y thought that the courBO proposed was unneces- sary and inexpedient, and ho should there foro support tho ammondment ' lho matter bad been thus plai ed so clearly and concisely that ho should be wasting the time of the House if ho uindo any further observation in reference to the subject lho only other matter to which he would refer w<m this It might bo said that wo ought to bo slow in rescinding a resolution He admitted it Ho at ono timo had a strong objoction to rescinding resolutions, but his objection was confined chieflj to rescinding motions passed in a full House In this case, however, tho division took placo in a thin House, and he nnd several other honorablo members were quito disappointed on finding that the motion bad been carried m their absonco But beside that they had on sovcral occasions seen the House rescind resolutions lho rescission of the tea and sugar duties motion vv as n BISO in point. It was carried ona luesday b} a mnjonty of 25 to 34, and on tho following day a motion to rescind it was givon in tho House Ihey found that on tho succeeding thursday, the division on rescinding the voto on the tea and sugar dutios took place,when thcrowcreforty one ayes and twenty onenoos suty- tvvo members present ns against fifty-nine present when the motion of Mr Parkes was carried Under theso circumstances, ho submitted that when it was considered how often motions had been rescinded-(hear, hoar)-and of what grave impoitunce this subject wns, honorable mem- bers would have no hesitation in voting as ho dosirod, espe- cially that Ihey should vote on such an occasion conscien- tiously and in accordance with their own independent feol mgs, He trusted that m the remarks ho had offered, ho had said nothing that could hurt the feelings or wound the prcjudnes of any honorablo member-(hear, hear)-und he hoped the discussion would bo continued to its CIOBO with- out any departure m this respect from the couroo which he had endeavoured to pursue (Hear, hear, hear ) Mr HOL1 said that in his humble opinion the hon member hud shown a want of delicacy in referring to tho hon the Speaker Anything that the Speaker may huv 0 said at a past time ought never, in his opinion, to bo referred to bv any bon momber in the courso of debate (Unes of "Whvnot'") Whynot, beeauso from his position tho bon. the Speaker was precluded from making any reply It was the first time that ho (Mr Holt) hud ever koowa such a thing to have been done, and ho hoped siuccrcly it would belholast Mr 1 ATJCE LI I stated in my observations to tho Bouse that 1 adopted tho remarks made by tlio lion tho Speaker on (ho ocouion referred to OB ouibodymj my own views, and 1 used them BB my own eontnuBnta on tho sub- ject (Hear, hear ) Mr HOLT mid what he complained of was that tho Speaker had no opportunity ot repljmg to on} ruinnrk* that were made cunucmiug him* [Mr BUCHANAN Ho don't want to rel} , ho has thu sumo opinion stüll Vi hclher that wore tho case or not, ho (Mr Holt) thought ho bud sume right to complain of tho indelicacy of the hon mover (Cms of ' Oh, oh," and laughter ) Tho bon gentleman had spoken of pro} er as if it had been 01 punged from the proceedings ot other Legislatures, but this was not tho CUEO In the very }ounges,t ot the Australian colonies, Queensland, prayer was offered up by the Legis- lature And what wero the objections urged in this casea It could not be to tbo form, or because it compromised tho fcehntB ot nn}ono In tho colon} of Now Zetilaui, pro} er waB oflered, and the Speaker there-Sir Chai los Slallurd a rigid and conscientious Roman Catholic, did not object to reading it, though. it was taken from lho Book of Common Prajer of the Church of hntlnnd-being tbo pra} er tor the High Court ot Parliament, modified to suit tho tircumstunces of tho colony lho honorablo mover had indulged in some warmth of expression, and ho (Mr Holt) did not think there wa» anything to warrantsuch an exhibition of ieeling After nil, the pia}cr was but an acknowledgment of a Divine Sovereign ihey recognised theircatthl} rulor, and were they to ifenoro the existence of the King ot kings und lord of lords- the Divino niltr of the universo i And ila to any dictation, what dictation, he asked, was in the maller ' Ho (Mr Holt) was really surprised the othor day to seo how the honorable member loft tho Home whon pra} er commenced, Tho honorablo member ran oil jugt as If he had seen a ghost He did no* know why tha lum. member should have rushed away in this manner. As to the form, ho thought it was quite in ac- cordance with the Scriptures which diroctodthamhowtjpray (Hear, hoar) lho Bible told thom that ovory man could worship God according to his conscience-(loud eheera) that ho could either sit, kneel, or stand, just us his heart dictated lhere was no dictation in the matter 1 he doora vero not locked to prevent tho bon members leaving the House Becuuso the hen member did not concur in tho propriety of pra} er, wns ho to dictate to thoso members of the Houeo vi ho did' His presence was not compelled. He could remain out in tho library (A voico-" Why not havo tne prnyor m tho library ' ') Because this was the place where they mot for the despatch of business, tho placo where it was usual in other colonies to offer prayer. It waa stated that no arguments had been advanced in favour ot pra}er. When he introduced the motion he said that if over there waa a motion thnt should be passed without discussion it was the motion for prayer, and he had therefore purposely avoided provoking discussion, for there was nothing, in his opinion, moro to bo deprecated than discussions on religious topics (Hear, hear, hear ) The form used was not ot his framing It was one that had alreody boen adopted by tua House in replying to tho Govornor s opening speech. Whatever objection might apply to any othor form did not apply to this, for whilo every other paragraph m tho AddreBS was discussed, this particular one wu8 ndopted without comment It was askod why did the Couits of Justice not open with prayer5 But thoy did so for- merly, and ho (Mr Holt) was sorry the practico was not continued in our own time Sir Thomas Mooro, the great Lord Chancellor, always opened his Courts with prayor. (A voice "So did Jeffrey") Ho was not aware of that tact, nor did ho think it would bo found in hiBtory He hoped the Houso would not hesitato to uphold tho resolution it hud arrived at. He could assure them it had given great satisfaction out of doors, and ha had received numorous testimonials expressing the approba- tion of clergymen that tho decision had been como to ("Hear, hear," and "Name, naroo.") He would not givo tho named, but ho could mention one name that ho felt would be received with the respect of overy momber of tha Houeo. Ono gentleman had written to lum to tho offect that this would do muih to elovate the charactor of the Houso, and cnBure it tho confidence of tha people. (Hear, hear, and laughter ) Ho would give no names, but at breakfast time this morning, he receivod a lotter which, with tho permission of tho House, ho would read. It was as follows - My dear Bir,-Permit mc to express what I behev o must bo the icehngof ull «ho havo faith In tbe gov ernment of God, ind the cflicit) of praj cr, my stnse of obligation to jon, for your persévérance in labouring to accuro the recognition of the -Vhnlbht), m oui rarliament 1 am glad th_t jon havo so hap Jill} secured a form of wordB to vi Inch neither Jew, nor Gentik, Papist, nor Protestant can object. It may seem to some a sinai Matter that j ou have succeeded in this , but I confidently anti «ipjte that God will manifest his approval, by grnntin. to usan increased Increase of national prosperity. Ile has 6_id, "lnem that honour mc I will honour " Pardon this intrusion, and believe mc, &o;, &e.; Thomas Holt, Esq, M P. lend coes wero mado for the name of the writer, but Mr Holt refused to give the author. _ ho reading of tho letter .was interrupted at the mention of the word " Papist," by leiterated cnos of " hear, hear," and laughter. Mr HAY said the pn»sing of the motion tho other evening by a majority wns no valid argument against ita b-ing rescinded. The bon. member (Mr, Holt) was no moro juotiflcd in objecting to its rescision than ho was justified in bringing forward bia prayer motion after it had been onco rejected (Hear, hear,) He Îresumed it was better that thi» matter should bo settled at once t was better that it Bhould be so than that thoy should hav e i number of bon. members remaining ia a state of chrome (wilke to the proceedings that had been adopted, I nothoutthtthatifthohon member was real), serious in his ob- jection to having this matter discussed in the House, he should, after the experience of last session, have been exceedingly c.reful how he introduced the tubject, because he must hive pçiccivcd tbit, is thero were i conscientious objections to the motion, bo could not deal with it without provoking debite Discussion upon such n mattci was very painful, und did not tend to edifica lion Ile thought Hie lion member (Mr Holt) and those.who supported his mon in were guilty or a fcrcat vi ant of consistency a» icing opp ucnU, < t State aid to religion, in taking a course only cuiiM-ttnt w iib the existence of a State Church Wc must adopt one or other of tv, o conclusions with regard lo uny connexion wit rrhgion anti the Stuto-cither «tin it tint reli.ioiiwus to forma nurt of the institution of Government, or lcivc it to individuals or bodies of individu iii npurt from the State, to provide for their own 11 huions improvenu nt lteligion being ni Liifcland mixed up in the political institutions, it wus consistent tint the Houses or Parliament bhould be opened with pr ijer Hut lure vic hutt said we did not uclnowledge this connexion of religion with the Mate-that wc would not support religion-and ho acknowledged that it was linpraeticnblt in this colony and at this nee to introduce religion «s n part or the institution of tho Rtitc-it was impossible to havo ii «tate Clmrcb lhon, why were wc to mix up any form of rehgi.n with the publie business of the countrv Î You must have some particul ir form of religion before you can establish any expression or devotion or pra) cr, but here, in attempting to accommodate different scruples, they had a pravcr fiom which was eliminated the religion tiley ic spcctivelv acknowledged-all thal was of any value in pi iver, and left it merelv i collection of dry bonis-a mero acknowledgment of divinity Ile thought this could bardi} be cillcd a prajer That was win many lion munnora could nut join m it conscien- tiously , thev looked upon it as a desecration W In 1st the Home acknowledged the principle of lcav ing men to provide for their own rchfcious ordinances, they ought to consider the reelings or the minority in this matter, especially ns the minority tpposcd to it was a lui(,o one, and as thero vvis but a bait majority in favour of the motion the} ought to bo parti cull rly tender m trjing to enforce it If, as was stated, tho udoption of that motion had raised the House in the opinion of tho countn, all he oould say was that it was very cas) lor the House to get up its character He believed that if the House wa» rcnll) to raise it*elf in the opinion of thi country nnd of the world, it would bo by their industry in providing tho countrv with guud laws [Mr HO bl And ignore the supreme I!cin¡, j He was eorrj lo heir the hon member 11} this, beoiuso a great number in the minority the oth_,r night w ere not likely to lenoic the Supreme being lie would give the hon lncmbor credit in acting according to his sincere conv îetions in this m itter, hut he (Mr Ha}) thought they would be more likely to do dis irctht to any sentiment rfgarding the Supremo Being hythe coursi pursued, than by oniilting to prov ide thn form ii itcknow lcdfcmcnt ut the commencement of their proiteilin"s lie be- lieved that no member ouvhl to come there without having the sense of the presence of the Deity tceording to Ins HW II I nth It required ..oiiitthmg deeper, soiiicthinc, more hcartielt thun this prujti to be cfiliueitius Ile witsdoubttul wbeti et the mere formal ucl nowleile,mcnt of the Supreme Being would not debe neiate into something low cr-w bethel it would not havo a ton doney to bring discredit upon the whole chiractcr of priver than otherwise I Mr bADLl IK lhat rests with individu ils ] It usted with individuals who came to this House to pray before the} carno within its walls to do their duties Ho did not think am pra) cr that n majority of tho House could agree to would he eltietivein moving them to perform then dut} Indivitluull) he had no objection to come every day lo listen to tbmpiavu in thcpaitieulir w tv considered pieper by the ni ijo nty to be atlopttd But although he could join in it without în tcilern u with his scruples, bo did not think ho was justified in enfoielng it upon others vt ho might have consiieutinus scruples with which ii moic inatcnnll) interfered. It was on theso grounds marni) that he thought it undesirable that tho House should li ive adopted the motion ot tht lion member He t ive bon irembirs who had made this proposal all possible credit for nctin¡, in the matter on pine timvieti n, but he could rot help thinl mi, that the) were aientl) ini6tiktn whin thev sup- posed that the interests of religion vi ould be at nil adv uiiccd b) ail) tueh i locct (lui). Mr BÛCHAIS Viv in« not in the Ilou^e when this motion was first discussed, 01 he would eera ml) have t,hen It the lull weight ol lim opposition Hie pimciplts ot Ghnstnniti wcic or bo pure nnd clev timg a description that it li ul al» i)s Kinec its foHiid ilion hart but ver) fe« folloiicls Hie) lud, howe toi, peen men who had made s-icriflce of till theil piuspeets in life in order the btttei to earr) out itèrent and hol) principles Whilst the) lnd seen this amongst a lew iho) had seen on the othei band a v tit number of iictcndtrs, who, willung to luvo the lcpututiou of hcin¿ Chiistians gni.ped ot its meie 1 irms, whilst they threw awn) its rcnliticb ike) wcic not without instruction on this point It hittlnlietdv bton Hhovvn that such men would be mid whit would be their fate lie held in his hand ti hook, the Hoi) Scrip tines, m which our 1 lessed Siviour 1 id luuitce' tho cw ho never made a practice of re d Christi mit) but whilst observing its outward forms, edn ink from the solfsicnflce It entailed (flic lion member hire quoted fiom M athen, chap .3,-Christs denunciation or the Scubts and Phill isccs,- making pointed ullu sion as be vient dong to the bon member lor Newtown, and biiwg on e tell oct ision c tiled to order bv the SpC d Lr utd reunited to withdraw lui t .pit.sion) lhe) were nowa ked todo a thing most unpi et tilentetl, m being requn id to open the business of the House with player, and the wi 0 ness of the lion member's position had been aire id) provt 1 lu in lhe veaknecs of the irtru ments he luid used in supi oi l or it lhe bon member h »I tsked ¡i wc vi »beti to honour otu Creator! mil ho answered, '-id, wc do, but wedu not wiMi to dishonour lum," and it was disaonour liifchimtiiust sucha formas this Ile himself had a derp apprcei i tion ol the eolcmnit) ol priver, so deep tint he now Joined with those who wert tal mt, tin» »top to pula stop to tin« nwokcrv lins lai)(,iiBee-this meie assemblage or words-was not to he called a pra) er \V ia the lune.uagc th it in which it was it all fit i ti i mi er tor thtin lo invoko ino Deity-these the words, and th t the ttttttudo vi hieb thei oueht to adopt for such an occisión ? He thought not. He cuiph itieally objected to iimijonty of lint House ft mut him into an ittitudcof pri)ii when he was notin cliucd lu devotional cvercises Ho felt that pia)cr w is too « icred mid solemn a dut) to be thus biought into contempt He objietcd, when one half ot tho House bud saul that th re should It apia)U and tho other that thero should not, to the offern f, up of ali) form suth ns this What p issiblc (,ood effect toultl it i rodnce tin the minds ol those who had been opposed to itsadortion How could such a pri yerbe expected to find Its wnv to heaven , and if it did, would it nut be mm o ot amusult than an act of horn ige to the throne ot Almlghtv God Mi MOllIAMY said that the fact of rescinding a vote was, to his minti, always something ver) scrims, in isniuch ns it usually to«! ni to din HHKII ti n l.o, o-t tl.-t «v_o folt 1 ?. til. V <u 1 ly in vvhieh sueh rescission» took ptaec Hut there wcic crises in which it was ubtohilcl) rcccssnrv loi votes to bt so le*, inded, and this, 1 e tlieufcht, vi sonc ol tho'e casts , especially whcnitwas con- sidered that the vote so -irongl) objected to had onlv been turned b) a ni joritv ot one lie bhould be soiry lo have it Eiipposed tint he could person Hy, be at ill ui willn g to Join i ii) ol his fellow men in viornlnj ping Hie Dut) -(ht ai hear) w li never their 1 nth might be (Heir hear) Hut he could not consent to be a part) to an) thing like this readme, of u pitiytr, a totinahlv which would have the eiltet of depuving any nicmbtrs of tint House of their ri(,ht to bo present at the cullin mccnient or the proceedings (Hear and no) Ile can rendid that sueh wuuld be likih tobe the ciao Hun members would ubsciu themselves Irom tlie Houso during the reidingot this piii}er, and thtieviould otten be no House, the business ol the tountr) haviut, ol'nccess ty to uc postponed lol another dav Mi 11ULT'au! Ibo House was not ruideicd competent until nfti r pi iv cr Mr MOKIAH!", sud tim bv the Constitution Aot it was indispensable th it twenty mtmbtifl should bo present, and that it wns tie nu tenet ol a qnoium \lone which constituted the House, ir the vit wa ol tome hnn members prevented them fiom berne, j let« lit m the Hunte, they vi ould wait outside and ti e lesnlt would be that there would frequently bo no House Whtie the majun.) was so small (only uue), he felt that they wore bound lo îcscind the vutc He tottld not coincide with the reniarl s of the hon member for r«cw town in tho exception that gentleman had taken to the bpcecu of the hon mcmtici foi .ass. Ile considei ed that thut .peech was a very tcinperite one- one that did honour not b-stolhat hi ii members he id th m to his lit art. (Hear, ht ir ) He bhould vote for the rcstindiug ol tho vote icfeirtd to Mr DlCk-or« thought tht pnyer was not one in winch ho could eon cult Ho ic_ irdi d it neither as a piopcr prayer or a fitting i rHIi res to lhe Mmifchtv lorniB ot pru)er were, m his opiniun not an honour, but dishonour to Almighty ood. Astothe le tusion, there wus alua)s a ditliculty in rescinding ii otions, but one or the principal v otes of that cv einng was in re- scission al n previous decision, Considcimg the peculiar circum Btancis--Hit small majoiit) by whom the pra)or was adopted he thought the members would see that it w as not right to lmposo upon the consi lcnces or otbtr bon monibei* lhe m inner in which the majoutv was obtan ed was very cvtraordlnan Attci the nan is had been tal en one lion nienihei walked over nnd fcavcthoniajDutv to the aye Ile thought, therefore, there could bono difficult) in rescinding such an cvti- iordinii) ote Ho behev ed as much m the ellie ic) ot pni) cr as the bon member for lien tow ii, but he did not npprov e of the prayer us proposed Ile should havo i,riut pleasure in voting for the motion of the bon member foi 'i ass Mr C VI DM 111 was forry that the vote anived at the other ni(,ht had w oundell tho eunscieucious scruples of any lion mein beis lhe argument against the pra) er hal been ver) weak indeed, and he thought it would not be difficult to show that the) were utteil) worthless The prayer was v el y short lint very comprehensive He could nut but tako notice in the mov cr of the present motton th it ho spoku of tho ^pcakci us hi mg peculiar!) unfit to read the pia) er, but ho (Mr CnldwtU) was veu natch pleased with the solemnity of manner i with which hi ri id it. Some hon members lett the House when I the pri)cr was being load, but with thit ho had nothing to do Some bon mcmbeis wero ot opinion th it auch conduct wus dis- honouring the Divine Being', hut he thought it refitelea more on themselves lhou(,h the prayer was short there were several gieat principles contained in it. Iheie was the recognition of the Divine Being-the recognition thit we owe all o ir success to Hirn, und that He overrulctl till Ho knew it wus not uncommon m this eountt) for somo men in the pride of their he u ts to think themselves too high to lecognise a Divino Being It would bo better tor the Uoube and the community if the) lived moro in tho bjint orpri)cr. (Heal, he u) lhe man who neglected praver wus not only f-mnine, himself, hut was likely to bung his , country into disgrace Sonic hon members objected to i foi m of pia)tr, but hu could not understand how the form could be dispensed with Xhc) must use some form of words. He thought the objictioa to a form of words could be eusil) iret. Ile thuught the fonn or pra) er the) had adopted a most simple one, and one to which thero could bo but littlo objec- tion It was ni vtr intended to have a duly consecritcd chaplain -the S|t ikcrcould piesenta pnycrns well as;t chaplain I'or himself, he should feel peileetl) satisfied whether the House i escindid the motion oi not, as he felt ho hal done his duty in lhe mutter He hoped, however, the motion would uot beiiHciuded Mr Willoi« Coinciding as ho did with the bon mover anti with the lion member tin the Murr ly who followed him, he ft It culltd upon to express Ins t) niions m re card to tho prayer, intl so discbui|.p« duty to himself ind to his etmstltuloiits I ike tho bon member for Last S)dnev (Mr Cddwell), he believed m player Ho ronsideud it wns the dut) at every man m taat Hou=e to pruv foi Divini_usM»tancc in order that he might dis- charge bisdutitsto linnet If und lus c mstttuents Hut he be- lieved that tinks« the pi tier w-is otlorcdin sincerity and truth it I w is bliisphtm) The honorable member lor -1«_ said that the pmer ltli pttd b) the eighteen members ii lebt I iconic ii mockery Uc wutild go faillir, uni «ay ti al it vues now a mticlcrv, na) moro, bltsphcni) Ibo overehii- const initions convictions, und it was utter!) mi I osbiblt foi bun to sit in the House and lit ir Ootl blasphemed by ti is pi iver ibis piuvn lud bun called the Spcal cr s prayer but In tact it wits tint) one lie had b en ordcied by the House to icntl If the Asstmbl) were composed ol a bod) of mencione II lief, who could be brought l" reel iho full force of that player, he for one would vote fur it, but such could not be tho cese in un I Abscnibl) like this And was thitc an) raoie necessity foi op»u inj, thiHllou ew iib pi i)i rib m time was lor opening any busi- , nes« c-fibliHlinicnt with pi a) er Î Ile supposed the nutt motion ol ti e hon mt niber (or New town vv ould be to prupusc 11 iw to make b-nil: dirtttors open their proceedings with pnyer .he bon. nienibti (Mr Caldwell) lind siid th it it was necessary to have a toim of words- Words vi ere onl) the extcrnul represen timan of tht internal desire, and if the desire was not felt, it w is pioranation to utter thopraver. Iho lion member for Newtown mlkrd about atlnovv It d(,ing tho Supreme Being 1 hero were many wa) ß of doing this lhe blasphemer leknowlcdgcd a Supreme Being when he bl ibphemed, and he believed tho uttering of this pra) cr in the mannet he had pointed out would bo no bettor than out pt rson cursing another o it ot doors-for m many cajes it bud no me ming lhere were few men that c uno to tho Houso with then n intls full) occupied, who! could throw off the thoughts ni which they wero engaged, and propcrl) engage in prayor Ile also objected to this pra) er bcciti«e it had the cflcct of excluding rtpicFentatiics of the people from the House, ind noone badu right to introduce a practico which would have tho elTect or tit ing that for oven five minutes Ho agreed with the bon. member for Murray, that here Uley had nothing to do with a mun s roligiouB convictions-?bey were matteis betwcen lum and . hisO-d, IhoUw, meinlier^_r,CiWw«U]Uiid.aidhe.o_ldnot understand what those religious oonvlotions wore. Ho (Mr. W llson) did not imagino that bo could Ho could not under- stand the bon member's mind or his train of reasoning. It seemed to bim, however, that there was a great deal of out«"id form where thero was no rollston at Jil. the greatest professors of fhiB oity were men who had no religion at heart. He knew un instance in this city of a man who stood hieb In the religious world, subscribing- a large sum of money for nriligioua purpose at a time when heiknow ho was bnnkiunt- borrowing tho money to pay his subscription, and thin Liing into the Insolvent Court, lhnt wai ono of the mon who, îfhe had li id i sent in the House, would no doubt havo voted for this form of prayer. He (Mr Wilson) carne to the Houso conscie-itiously to do his dut), and bo hoped he should always havo ihcniuclt deFlre to do his duty conscientiously. Ho behoved thit w i- the trui form of praj cr to como to the Houso with Ho hnilno Joubtns to the propriety of rescinding this motion. It vi lisa notion which, if ho could do so, ho would vote foi its res- cission vin day of the session. Ho did not think it a gnovance that hen merni eis should pay in their own way, but it cerninly was ii grievance that ho was prevented from ding his place in the Houso and forming a qurrum, as he lind alwn) s been accustomed to do So long, how ivcr, as this prayer wns uttered, the pnvilcKO of forming a Houso vriiiwitihcldfrom bim He could not join in that prayer, bocauso be slioud be doing on act of profanation. Di Lifc G s iid that on the 10th August, 1843, he mado a motion similar lo tint piopo'cd hy the lion member for Newtown, and in bupportiig it ho showed th it the practice of transacting the legis- lation ofn country under the sanctions of religion bad been com- mon even amongst the inoicnt he ithcn, tho Homans assembling in their lenntc w ltbin the walls of one or other of their temples or the oliki times. Mr It«, btntc religion Dr I/NG He would como to that part of tho question prcscnih, but be very much agreed with the hon momber fur I'rndwood in thinking that such interruptions vicie lather unseemly (langhtcr) He might also remark that tho question to winch ho called the attmtionof the late Legislative Council was discussed m a very different spirit-in a much more gentlemanly and scbolurliko nimmel (Hear, hear) He was sorry to think that, instead of advancing, thej seemed to have retrograded in that respect under unvcrsil biiiriigc ltvvns unnecessary to reier to tho instances tli.t he adduced , but he lind shown that, on the introduction of Cb-isti milv into Great Britain, the practice of the hcithen Lcgis lntires wns continued by an acknowledgment of the Divine Being, unca bund le invocation of his blessing And when tho ttefornia lioi cbiu-fctd the aspect of things in the parent land, the sin e practice continued He did not refer on tho Decision lo mv particular form of prayer, but simply urged tho lironietv of recognising the Divine -lutbority and invoking its aid in tie mini of n bleating-that they shaula not In accord mee with thcprnttiteofthcLnglish Parliament and of the Legislature of theCimcd Staten, bv commencing their proecedings with prayer lindar pointing a chnpluin to perform that duty at the meeting of thcBiu-.e each day lho result of his motion was that tho «i cv» us question" was earned by 19 to 11, and tbo motion wutcim'-riiuently lost (Dear, hem ) In the next session of the oldCouncil, in 1811, tho present honorablo prcnuei, Mr Cowper (thin nicmhei for Cumberland), moved, on the 2Uth Ma another motion of similar nature, the resolu- tion ncliiowlcdging the propriety of prnjcr, and propping that a chaplain 6hould be elected by the Houso In the (IV Mon on this motion he (Dr Lung) voted in the majority of li tc8 against the proposal, not from any indisposition to recog r isc he principle, but because, having I »led to havo tne two piopiamont. unbodied in the motion put separately, he felt this i oui H was essential to vindicate tb it religious equality fur which he hu alwnjB contended In the absence of any Stile ncl ni An cr>n, there w tb n feeling or lratcrnit) unionist the pcoplo vi t uj not exist cither in 1 nghiiid or in our own colony He bulbin present in both the Houses in Amonoa, and he bud in uetc a feeling existing tbut ho missed both at home mid îeie nnioiif,st the various -eligious pcrauasions His enuuries duinig his visits to Washington ns to tho character of thcripreecntutives of the people in that country as professed Chnstiu men, wciclhnt he found that out of the -!IU members m the llouei fl ipcsuitiiiives foitj, in ono-sixlh of the whole ittinilulpinuic pray er meetings dally, lhc practicoof having u cbnpl in to i crlorm i eligious service, and invoke a blessing upiii ihcl-iilj luLouis ol Unit House of Legislature was intro- duced b¡ io lc-b distinguished ii personage than Ilciijumm rrnnk lin, and ihut it a time when the bcntinienls conncc ed with th first lrench Kt-v olution wcro ramp mt in Aineiica i well is on the contiiuntof ruropo lhere wero ret lum pet ile who thought 1 rank I m In this shewed that he was in Ins ilotaje, hut he (Di. Lint,) believed that illustrious man sluviid thi,hcw sin In» sound beiges Although thut country wiibion iaa"eil bv eniliuu (as our own islmd in times pist li id hi cn afun and i-itui), the question that agitated it waa one thut did hoi urto oui common humanity , it proclaimed that man, wh never ie lui culoul, should not IIL a slave, tint ull mu weie equal in the sight of God, and hud iquul nfehts iiom the author ot their Being He thought the hn number for Murray was gieatlv in eiror, there- fore, in suppojng th it the fict of a country having no ¡state Churil wus tobe condemned to i EOH of urchyon or infidelity that the chumar of Christianity would be gieatlj lowered under snell u state of things, and its office-, luid in contempt It was iheverv levers« Ile (Dr lang) maintained, and he was sup poricu bj De Itquiullo in the maternent, that if there waa any eountry in the vorld m vi hieb Christianity had higher influences over the gi cat bel} of the people than another, it was these ver} United bin s of Anieuci, oi disunited States as they wcic ut présent I, the ciul war. Ihcic had been some attemp lie wns borrj lo own ve, to throw ridicule on an observance which a majority of thisHouse lind determined upon. Although he rc grettid the deftcivo cburieter ol the form of pruyer, fiom ita not cm! odung a cognition of our common Christianity, }ct bo fill Ininti It competed to voto foi it, from the deine hu hidcnter tiinedcm unec Is entered tho old Council, to have their daily leeielntion siiictifici, BO to speak, bj commencing tho proceedings vuth nn mvoeation ot the Great boil of heiven and earth. It mattend little lo Inn whether the form of grayer was in accord- ance with Ins own tiruples or ideas ol piopnety or not, the main fiel of importance va», thit henceforth they vi ere not to begin then dtul} business nuhout an invocation of ihe Divine Controller of all things. Ho wu happy to concur with those who expressed the gi allocation ihcj experienced at tho solemn manner m which lho loiniof pruyer wis read fiom the chair. He was glad to say lie hud experienced the Uko gratification In Unding thnt in the young sister colony of Queensland, the Speaker opened tin business wib. me lord's Tray cr, Ho;believed ene or two lion members Usually absenlid themselves during tho r. ,«l"«g ol ti ^ pr»_ri I "l tnni aid not cletiruct from the cUarnctcr ol the benlee, dilling wich the lluuso gcnerullv stood np In rc-pcetful deference lo the hume ali jestj lo thoso honor iblo nieiubirti who ruliiuleil the itea of this priyer, ho would say that he did not think tint thcchiricter of this House bud fallen cithei in the public lotimutioior in lealitv, bj their comineiieing the lcfislntum hy in mvoeatin of the Diwm blessing lunns of pray er were not in use iiniiogbttkc rebgioua denomination to which he lu longed, but there vus no authontutiv c dcnunci moil oi them, mid be know of notkiug that would prevent him from uniting in ihe linoi ition of the Divine bltstme that VIr Speaker wu« culb d upon to muke Appointed us this hud been bj a voto of the House, he would be sorrj tosco it rescinded, because it w ould len step in the w rong dirtction, and ono that hon members would soon see cause to rcgut Ile should, therefore, vote »(.must the motion of the bon member for \uss, and whilst wishing lo Heat lum with nil resitct, might he permitted to sty that he wab currying his conscientious convictions too far. He trusted tint when the ftelincs tint this question had generated had subsided, tho*c bon members who now objecte! to the prnvir would join willi the bon number in this invocation to the Di it j, whom thej nil in common adored Mr WINDI \1 R As a motion had been carried that he had never cx[ ectrd to sec can led in sucha House as tins, he thought it necissnry, although on nil previous occasions ho h-id refr-uned fiom so doing, to now fcive cspres ion to his opinions And first, ho would sa}, thit ho li id he ird of no ridiculo being ittnnptcdio be thrown upon this qiestion Ho had certainly hean! bon, members, speak ahghtn glyof the upprcciation of tho merits of the question by the hon membci who lind brought it fi rw-ud, thongh be certainly did not undervalue the motiieäof t'ohon gintlcinmi who sought us introduction hero lion mem birs bid virdieitul this motion by an analogy with the mother counlrj , but if tim only looked closely they would see tint the pi ictiee theie vi is vin diflcrent froiiiwhnt it w is here Ihey imw thercthat prunis were rend biforcthc Hnuscwis counted, whilst here it was i iii r business h"d commenced If the pray r wns to he offered hy the House in its corporate cnpicitv, and he behoved that was the bon gentlemen's idea, it could onlj ho done when the Speaker wns in the chnir, and when a quorum was present Tho proposer did not of course wish to hnve a piivttc meeting in this Chamber to cngiiec in prnv er He wished the nouso to praj in its corporate tipaiuy, and he lull) npprcemted tho lion, gentleman's mollies foi so doing, but, he would nsk, what right had this hon. eciitlemm to ask the IIOUEC to ascent to a motion that would btv o ihe eHïct of excluding- oilier lion "cntlemcn from forming a quorum 1 lhc bon gmtleman hail no right o prevent him (Mr. W.) firm entering into this Chamber to perform his publie duties, or ol imposing un him i form of proyer thut iras against bia con- tention« com ii turns to join in Suppose that the Ilouse, by a large mummy, had decide 1 that the Athnn-isian Creed should be l cpeuted biforo I usmcssw as commenced, w oui 1 the lion gi ntleuun insist upon incmbcrb being prcsint at the time, or, to come to the eise of the lion member himself, would he og ec to assist in u foim of pruyer in which the A irgin Mury wns invoked ' If bo would not, i v en though it had been agreed to by n majority, «bnt light 1 ud he to impose a form of prayer that might be ob- jectionable to one, even the humblest member of the House He could sec no distinction in principle in the adoption of any one paiticular form of praver This plot of the hon member, tint a ninjonty lnd ugieed to it, wns the plea that lind been ndv anocd by cvei y advócete of spiritual tyrunny throughout all tuno, und much was he uotontshed that, at such an era as tho preernt, such a plea shmild be idvinced, and still more that such n step should be tiken What difference, he would ask, wns there betwein this and any other test that might be pro rosed? The result vi ould bo that hon members would bo kept uw-nv from the Houso by thnr conscientious convictions and thus honorable gentlemen whovubhed to defeat any particular motton on the piper for thcd-iy would have the power to do so by counting the Iloiibcoiit. Ibis w-is too much power to place in the bands of an) individu-Us, and w ia of itself objcction-ible Tor hiB own part, however, lie might si) that «o long as this practico wns pel severed in, ho would never take part In it, oi never be present during it* perioimnnce, whatever might bo 'ho result, or whatever might bo the con=cquenco 11 himself The lion und rev member lor Sy dnoy West hid said that, in beithcn times, no public proceedings were commenced without some pi aver being gone through , but ho dclicd ttie-hon. and rev member to show any thing Uko a prayer throughout tho whole nne,c of heathen litcrutuic that ii Lhnstnn could under stand ns 6uch 1 ar different from nny religious system which hail prev 10U61) existed at nny period of tho w orld's hiFiory, Cunstinmt v lindan existence independent of foi m or ceremonial Iteoull exist in a mnn's heart, and there influence hiB mind anil iliv ito the ulm of his actions It required no i ultits, no gorgeuiu eel e mom ii for its support. (Cheers.) Wai it because a mijiritj of that House thought proper to go through i ceremonial th it thev, is membcis, were to have no right to luUrRie It was said be- cause he hud no sectarian objections to uige against the pra)cr that he outht not to oppose its use Ho failed to seo that lho consiiontious fcniplis of those who objected to forms of prayer would bn offended, and he would agitate foi the removal oi what hi had ii just i ght to object agilnsl Mr HOBKINS was absent from the Houso when this motion was cnrnul, hut did not see tint the lmgingo of the prayer mi nhjcctio! able If there Was anything vcrv objectnniblo 11 tho «solution, it vvouldnot havo been supported by so miiny (¡cntle- mcn of diilirent denomin mons. It had been shown to the II iiiso vcryclcuil) thnt in Amine-i the représentât^ es of the pi opio vt ci p mv ited to open their proceedings w ith prayer. And here ho might remark thut in America there was moro fraternal regard among the dlffircnt religious denomin mons than m this country. He felt bound to nay tint the arguments for the reteiSFiuH of the motion recently ulnpted wert very strong, and for himself ho should vote for the rescission because it was distusteful to the general feeling of the llouie A vote like that now proposed to Uo rmcindeil should be u«scnt«l toby the almost unanimous voto of the House It ípptared nioreov er, that if the prav cr w ns retained, it w ould huv e the efect of preventing n quorum assembling, and that in itself was su H cunt to induce him to vote for its tcsci^um, Mr. bin 1 OR thought ¡t was a pity that any debate had taken place on this motion-that the matter hid not been silently tettlcd He thought the motion for reailug i form of pruyer wus ono which bhoulu not be nloptcd save with tho approval or a v cry lui go majorai} of the Ilouse There was one thing that bad noi boen reltirtd to, and that was the position in which it placed the Sprnkii Ho presumed the present Speaker h id no religious scruples in icgard to the matter , hut in case of his vucatmg the chair, ill thoso hon members w ho w ere opposed to the piajor would ho exeludcd from it Kor himself ho would have no objection to a prayer offered by a clergyman of nny re- ligious dcnominution. He should volo for the rescission Mr. \\\\. I OllSTLIl said he did not share in the winn feelings of those who found it revolting to thur fciling"nnd annonng in the extreme to listen to a prayer lo the pnnciiilcs of which ihey . we opposed, He wu5wijji_s to KtUit lU good motivo Q! the mover of the resolution It had been remnrked that, while tbo priycr was being reid, some hon. members and Inmseir J>nong them, were sitting when others were standing and tnat tnoy ?were requested by tho Speaker to stand also Now, it was no intended disrespect to the Deity on Uls part, nor disrespect for the chair that ho sat dow» while the prayer «ns being read but being sent there to repre- sent a ccrtam electorate, ho felt it his duty to bo there, and not driven awav by any ceremony which tho Houso thought proper toudopt. They had heard a good deal from tho non and rev member for 'West Sydney, in favour of public prayer, but public prayer wa» not so consistent with the Bpirit of ChrlBtiimty ns some lion members imuglncd The Div ino founder of Christianity ex pressed himself somewhit m disapproval of public prayor. Upon these grounds it Bccmcd to him that ho could not ac quiosco in the form of prnycr which bad been adopted Upon these grounds ho could not cntoitain any faith in tbo cm cacy of the lorm of prayer adopted by tho House, although ho bad not tho same repugnnnco to it that some lion members pro ftssed It appeared to bim to bo a useless form Ho denied tho authority of this House to institute a form of prayer, and saying in what way it Bhould bo delivered. Ho believed that thoy had duties imposed upon them as high and sacred as those performed by prayer in any shnpe and concurred m a Baying used by tho monks-laborare es1 orare Mr LI All- thought this question was one of greater Import- ance than appeared on tho face of it. He did not feel that there was any tkint, in the form of prayer which could bo offensive to any sect, but ho took objection to the Speaker being ordered to read any form of prnyer He thought tbia waa not tho placo for public prayer If hon members carno hero with a conscientious desire to do their duty, that w is tho most efficacious pray or The hon and rev member for V est Sydnoy had censured tho conduct of bon members and no doubt justly, but was their common sense to be insulted by their being told that this kind of prayer would make their conduct moro seemly? Whon the University was founded, tho outcry was that It would be a Godless institution He believed, that educating the intellect waa ono of the most religious of duties lion members ought to moot hero on common giound, but fn m the remarks of Bomo hon members it appeared evident that they could not do so while the form of prayer was iriBiBtcd upon Mr liUltr. S said he should vote for the rescission of tho résolu tion, and be certulnlv never anticipated that Its passing would hine led to so much feeling as had been manifested lu this dobnto J be prayer nppenrcu to lum to be a very simple one in which all could join, but nt tho same time ho had no desire that any ono si ould bo conpelled to join in it against his will Ho thought that, after what bad transpired, the hon member (Mr Holt would not himself object to ita being rescinded cither no n or on nn early dny ..... Mr SADLLIR opposed the motion, contending that the reso lution in no way atlcctcd the bborty or roligiouB prejudices of nny oi e and further, that its pabsmg had met with general consent out of doors Mr D 1LGLFISH supported the motion for rescission, one mam objection thnt he h id to it being that the Houso li id ni ide an orderwbich wns beyond it» pow ers and which it was not justified it upholding cither by the practice of the Houso of Commons or the Legislature of the United btatcs Ihis was ono objection ho had to it, but there were others even stronger thnn this m his opinion He did not think it a Christian prayer-a fatal objection to it, he objected to its being m a sot form, as ho believed that mode of pruymgwnscoiitraiy to Christs teaching and, thirdly, bp did not think it wns in the power of the Houso to order the reading of nnv iruycr lho Saviour frcqucntl) and loudly reproved public i rayine, and t ugbt them to worship then 1 lthcr in secret Mr CUIvNLLN opposed tho rescission of the resolution for which he bad voted on a former occasion, considering this to bo an univeisal player thnt all could ji in in Ho bad not beard a binólo ni e,ument ue,nmst it that was of any vv eight Mr R roilSli R pointed out what he considered a constitu tiornl oljeetion to tbo resolution for reading tins prayei A I> rste I rulimin or Indian was competent to become a member of the Lc(,inl iture, cn 1 might become ¡speaker, but could he leg tllv dtlivei this prnyer t Mr 1 VUCLU.m reply, said bo only rose to answer a rcmirk mndeb) the bon niembei for Now town, that he had boen g ult) of nu indelicacy in nlluding to a speech formerly delivered hy Mr Speaker, but bo did not think that bo bad done anything of the kind ns be bid a perfect rifcht to refer to tho speech of any hon mi mber i f this Ilouse delivered in a former session, and which vi ns so appropriate on the present occasion Ho bad read it not asgivint it the authority of the Speaker, but as bcine, thit of a number of the House who during so many years, had hela tho bnmo position He trusted that in so doing be hnd not treated the S]cakcr with any disresvect, for ho believed that Mr Speaker, both m reading the prnycr, and tho observations he had made prccedinc, it, bid cndeivourcd to ene 111 possible solemnity to tho occasion Jl e question was then put, and the House divided with tho follonine result - Ayes, 20 Mr Weekes Mr Riper Mr Buchanan Moriarty Cummings Wisdom 1 orstcr, li. Suttor Leary I uucett Hoskins Forster, W D l(,ltibh Driver Bums I r^nii "Wilson Lucas ) ?\\\ mdeycr Hart Tollers r^ocs, 9 Dr Lang Mr. Morrice Mr Dangar Mr Cunncen Caldwell Loi o (-,".,".. 1 lddington Sadleir Holt |louers 1 he SPLAIvLR said that now that the question wns decided, ho mifeht sav that nothing that had fallen from the hon member for lass had m the slightest degree given him offence or annoyance Ihe Hr use adjourned at fourteen minutes to two o'clock, until three e clock on Tuesday next, rAmFDoiFonMr Faucett's motion for rescission of the reso lutionofMi Holt ni reference to opening the proceedings of the Assembly with prayer - For Against Mr Dickson Mr Sutherland Mr Hay Mr Terry Mr Garrett Mr Shepbord Mr Gordon Mr Lackey Mr Allen Mr Dick TOSSILII Pilous CAYJ -In a late issue wo noticed that Mr AnioB Swift, of Cave riat. Murrumbidgee had dis- covered m a cave the petrified licad r»ull p»-- at unitivo dog Unfortunately the fossil has been much mutilated, and only a small portion separatod from tho surrounding stono It appears that Mr. Swift, on entering the cave feund it to bo about nine feet high, aud in tho roof the fossil was discovered, tho ribs and hoad of tho animal being distinctly visiblo A portion of the skull and jaw aro now m our possession Mr Swift informs us tbnt the roof of the cavo is abnut fiff} feet below the surface of tho overly mg ground -1 ass Com te» 