PAKKAMATTA. BRANCH BIBLK SOOIKTY.-ANNUAL MEETING. Tin; eighth anuus.1 inering of thu society took pisco at St. John's schoolhouse, ia Tuesday evening. The Attend- ance was numerous, and, not only from the important matters submitted, but nlso from the excellent addresses delivered, the meeting was of sn unusually interesting character. The length, of the report, however, campéis n very brief mention of the remarks of tho movers of the resolutions. The chair was taken by tbe Mayor of Pnrmmatta, and thc meeting wna opened by reading and prayer, in whian tho Ber. Mr. Rigg and thu Kev. R. L. King engaged. The Chairman, after rams iutroductesy remark*, called upon thc iccrvtao't the Rev. R. L. KIM;, to road tho fol Throu;rh the good providence of God, thc (river of avery good anil perltet gi», tte Parramatta branch Di the liritish and foreign Bible Bock lr has paued through another period of unobtrusive uscfulncts, since the subte ri li er* were last called together to re- ceive thc annual report. During that period there hnra been con- siderable pecuniary difficulties, which have, no doubt, affected tho J supplying with dally bread those who were ftimUbug. Ir eslth with which God has blessed us^lt would'odced'nivc Bbl»- a people acknowledging their unquenched affection IP poor of the country whiaee they came, and siring crid the inSuencs ot thüt TcUgwii which bids men bear ono aaoU irdrnr. and weep with thaw: that weep-sach right* It is [.lei Let it, howavcr.be remembered that thc verrexlttcnce o ible Society lion acknowledgement of a still greater and more strewing faro ioe than any which hos afflicted thc operatives of incaihire. There is throughout thc world a want of the "bread hundred*, or by thousands, but by millions and tens or milli are literally " neriihing for lock of knowledge." It U " i _ famine of bread, nor a thirst fer water, but of hearing (he Words of tho Loni." The knowledge of God our maker-of sal ri " through the atonement of Jesus Christ-of tba sanctifying n of thc Holy Ghost, ls at present oat of tho reach of vait nura of our fellow men. Tho Bible. In which all things neceisai «ledge which is thus hidden from privileges which nave been.hitherto withheld from them. I has given us His Word, ta which wc mar read, la our 01 tongue of Ills wonderful works, «nd of that sil-f ancient plan talvatlon which Ho hath provided for sinners through the work Immanuel; sad if ever the (possession of privileges en ta Us ct ref ponding obligations, it ls in this lue Lin cc- The religious knb ledge which God has given to as, Ho has given that wa mar 1 stow lt upon others, ile has giren us thc Bible that we m give lt to those who know lt net. To carryout this duty lc practice ls the simple object pf your society. Through the soi reign, mercy or God we possets tie Bible, while mil lions hare not : and ir. through infinito grace, wa bare learned to r ceo rn thc real vainc of ;our possession, we shall beanxioai to doo utmo<t to courcy thc precious boon to our fellow men. Sholl we whose souls aro lighted With wisdom from on hieb, Shall wo, to men benighted. Thc lamp of life deny! Salvation, ob Salvation! The principal reason which has influenced your committee ia csllirg the tubscrlbcrs together st sn earlier period than usual, ls that they are of opinion that the time has orri red when a change moy be advantageously made la the position or thc branch. Hitherto nil our fnnds Intended for transmission to Knglsnd have pot; cd through tho Sydney auxiliary. Dat ss the principal object of that auxiliary appears to bo the irudntcaanco of a Jufcc and in;portant depot for bibles for the colon* at large (an object which lt has successfully carried out for rainy years], the runde st its disposai do not always admit of sn annual freo «contribution being tent to Kngtand to promote thc circulation of nhe Bible in other parts of tba world. Your committee hare, therefore, thought that by the establishment of a second atixl Hary, compel roof this branch and such other branches aa may be lae lined lo unite with lt, thc principal object or which shall bo to ?end as much as possible every yesrasafiee contribution to tho liaient society, nstcp in advance would be gained, and thc cause or the Ulblc Society would, on the whole, be matemlly promoted, bo far from wrskcnleg the auxiliary already in operation, the establishment af a second would, lt Is hoped, hare a contrary effect, tending rather to provoko Into loro and to good works, while, at the same time, it would help to aattmUate the work of the Bible Society In this country to that which obtains st homo, Th« auxiliary *ptcra inaugurated so auspiciously more than Atty years ago hos both widened the sphere of the society's influence, and bas been s chief Instrumeat In enabling lt, with the blaring of Divina Providence to carry on Its noble and benevolent undertak- ings with ever increasing success. In ord or that this Important altération In the position of the brsnoh mar be daly effected, the causent of tho subscribers ls required. Tbs sabjeet will, there- fore, be brought forward in's formal resolution. A remittance may then be made direct to tbs parent society, snd this branch, with those which mar Join lt In this important movement, wm be wflnjagly recognised by the committee In London as among the auxiliaries of that noble In» tl tallon which Ood has been pleased to signally to honour. BUM the last meeting of the subscriber*, held December 30, there have been sold st your depots, forty Bibles and twenty Testaments, in all sixty volâmes, for the sum of £10 lGs. £44 fa 2d. bas also b«co received in subscriptions and donations, while £0 15s. 3d. hus been paid to thc Sydney depot for books purchsjed. * Including these Bambers, the work of tu broach up to the présent dale, from tbe timo of lu revival In August, If», eur be thu staled-£611 irk. Sd. has "beea received In nbseripUoa*, dsastloas, sod callcetioas st pabilo meetings, of which ram £140 has boen remitted, to Sydney as free contributions, sud £W mere sent to the parent society, . br a special rota passed st the.annual meeting, Janaarr l*i 18*T. Dorine the fame period £112 17a ed. bas been pud to the Sydney depot tat booka, of which books ¡67 Bibles, 3Si Testaments, and IS Psalters; la ell, OM roíame* have been aaid for the som ot £123 IPs. ML, sad there now remains la the depots at Hr. Go)ledges and air. Take's a stock of books to the Talus of hare emanated to £47 IBs. 8d_ There U at the present time ta the hands of the treasurer a balance »mounüng Mi £S3 ls. 3d. Of this mm yoor comauttee propose to lay asido £50 ss a free contribution to the parent society ; sad they also propose to send £10 to the Sydney Auxiliary, to assist ia meeting- tho expeaiee which It has under- taken, or prmtmg 3l0o coptes of s portion of the Bible Ia tho *? Niñean" language. This is s work of aa exceedingly iateresUag character, being » translstioa made by native Cbrlsusas, revisca by tbe Bev. G. Pratt, for msny years a missions ry, and occupied in revising the tntulalioa of the Bible ia the language of Samoa. Ia coaclasioa, yoor committee wonld express their grautnde to Almighty God for that blissing upon the labours of the h rana h by which it has tuen enabled In some measure to ali the post assigned to it In tba Lord's rlnejsrd. Fifty-arc years have elapsed since the work was ooauneaced in Parramatta, sad siaoe tho first ceujgamcnt of Bibles sent to this part of the southern hemisphere was received by the Bev. Samoel Marsden. Sines then chan«** turo taken piece amongst as of a truly wonderful kind. The «nail tetUemcat has grown into sevea wealthy colonies, supporting Urge sad lncreasiag populations, sad tbs Bible Society hu extended Its effects through them alL Sixteen auxiliaries with their respective branches have already beea formed, and this branch was Indeed tho first rounded af all the Australian brsncbes. Although at different times it was allowed to fall into abeyance, Il is this evening to start forward nader a aew aspect, sad, as wo humbly trust, with renewed lifo and vigour. Many of those who were once connected with lt ia the carlierstsgesofltaciUteaeehavo Rooeto their rest. Soon wo may be called to follow them. May it bo oars darlag the short period of oar earthly career to be found «ervlntr the Lard, and humbly but encTgcIlcauy endeavouring to spread toe knowledge of lits holy Word. Let ns work while it ls eslled to-day. remem- bering that thc night cometh. Lot I* Isbooron ia simula depen- dence upon the stott llfgli for success, and ia fervent bat M tofu! snppUcatloa for Bis blessing ; sad may Ile, for HU dear Son's sato, accept oar efforts, pardoning our many shortcomings. Msy Bo hssten thu coaling of Ills kingdom, and grast that the time mar speedily si rive whea the earth shall be full of tho knowledge of the Lord as the waters corer the sea. The Kev. Ur. KKLY.YACK moved the first resolution, a< foUewa: "That the report now road be adopted, and that ihe 1'arramätia Branch be constituted an auxiliary, under the name of the >' Cumberland Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society," and that tba following ba the rules upon the position the Bible- Society now occupied - the poser of the Pius in tho present age-Its commanding influence, and more than regal authority, auf _ _ to the individual, the mily, and the State. The rev. gentleman proceeded > show from statis lies in his possession, the growth of 4,443.300 in favour of vice, immorality, nnd ungodliness. Il xv AK delightful to turn from the speclaclo bf genia« and iatellectniJ power prostituting itself tu vio», to the eifjrts of tho Bible Society to spread that Lil le which contains " " leavea of the tree of life which are for the healing nf nations." Tho rpoaker proceeded to trace the analogy between the natural operatlona of the seed and the sod, and tbeoptratíons of Divine truth, and by a variety of Images Jividuul professing Christianity. to the parent Society, and that Parramatta should be repre- sented upon tho records af Its proceedings, lt wai consi- dered also that renewed vigour would attend the operatlona cf the branch established aa an auxiliary. Some .discussion ensued upon tho atop proposed t taken, In which the matter was mure folly entered Into by tho mover and seconder, end the secretary and Mr. Oakes : tbe resolution wea then put from tho chair and carried the rules adopted being, with alight alteration, those go- verning the Sydney auxiliary. The Bev. J. K. TUCKÜK, In moving the eecond resolu- tion, vis. :-" That this meeting acknowledges, with de- vout gratitude to Almighty God, tho blessing which has hitherto roatid-and that tor moro than half a century upon the work of tho British and Foreign Biblo Society, and pledges itself to renowed exertions in its support,'' entered into new and very interesting details of the opera- tions of the parent society, more particularly in England end these colonies. II o tho"*"* "* """ " " Psrramatta, if followed up . Chrittien dovotednejn, would be a step in advance, and be in fortberanco of tho interests of the parent Society. Among othi-r interesting i*cU>, the rev. gentlet and Sundsy Schools in the*e colonies. - 1600 copies were now on their way for our Sunday Schools, lie thought if this fact was fairly put before the teachers and children of thote schools something might be done by thom in return. Mr. WOOL LS icconded thu resolution, which waa put and 1 he Bev. L. Kixa moved the 3rd resolution, convoying the thanks of tho meeting to the committee and depositaries, and appointing the future officers aa follows PrejWoat, The Bishop of Sydney; Treasurer, Mr. A. C. Dire; Se- cretary, Bev. It. L. King; Committee, Messrs. J. Byrnes, Burge, Golledgc, Greenup, Gould, Harper. Jones. Miller, Pats, Purchase, Statham, Take, together with eil ministers of the G »pei, being menibere of tie Society. The Hon. TV. BYJIXKS, M.L.C., seconded the résolution, which was put and carried. 