A NEW GHOST STORY. Really, wlmt with Mr. Hume, Mr. Forster and Sir Bulwer Lylton's Strange Story, Lon- ,don society sccins just now inflicted with a general phantom-mania. Tlio last now phase of tlio malady is a ghost story, which has lately obtained extensive currency in what are collod tho " upper circles," and which claims for its believers two counsel learned in tho law, and the Lord High Chancellor himself ! I don't pretend to vouch that the story can potend to tlio " ghost " of a foundation for its existence — I merely testify that it is being talked of by " everybody," and that tlio first question aBkcd at most dinner tables is, " Havo yon heard of Lord Westbury's ghost ?" Tlio story runs thus : Lord AVostbury lately purchased Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basingstoke, tho , property of Lord Bolton. Snatching a sparo dny or two, to obtain a moro minute inspection of liiB investment, I10 took with him two of tlio gontlcmen belonging to his official establish ment, both members of tho learned profession. On separating for the night the bedroom destined for one of them, a Mr. R , was found to bo on tlio opposite eido of tlio hall to those of tlio other gentlomon ; lie theroforo shook hands and said " Good night" in tlio hall, leaving tho others talking there. He hud not been Tery long asleep boforo he "felt" himself awoke ; but could neither beer nor perceive anything. . By degrees, however, lie became conscious of eometliing luminous on tlie side of tho room opposite liis bed, which gradually assumed tlie appearance of a woman clothod in gray. Ho at first thought it was an optical illusion ; next, tlmt his companions woro playing him soma phosphoric trick, and tiien turning round hp composed himself to sleep again. Furthor on in tho night lie wns awoke again, and then . at once lie saw the same figure brilliantly conspicuous on tho wall. AVliilst lie was gazing at it, it seemed to leave tho wall and advanco into tho middle of the apartment. Ho immediately jumped out of bed, rushed to it, and of courso found — nothing. Ho was so impressed with tho power oi tho delusion, thut ho found it im possible to seek any more sleop, and, ns tlio day wns beginning to break, lie dressed and tnndo liis way into tho grounds, whero lie walked about for some time, pondering over the illu sion so foroibly produced . upon Iiitn. On his return to his room lio wrote out an exact account oi what he thongiit ho had seen, il being then quito clear to him that it was 110 trick played by others, but simply an halluci nation of liis own brain. At the breakfast tablo, however, he bogan to fancy that I10 had been cleverly imposed on by liis friends, as tliey nt oneo eommoneod bantering him on his" " night's rest," " brokon sleep," and so forth. "Wishing to detect tliem if possible, bo pro tended unconsciousness nnd utter ignorance of their moaning, when, to his horror, one of them exclaimed, "Come, come, don't think we didn't seo one of tlio women 111 grey follow you into your room last night! " He rushed up stairs, produced his written account, which I10 gave tliem to road, and tlio coustornation beenmo general. On inquiry, of course, tliey found the legend of a murder dono in days oi' yoro ; and tlio Lord Chancellor is supposed to bo exceedingly vexed at an incident which has decidedly shut up one room in his house for ovor, if not in all probability tabooed tlie mansion altogether. Thus much do tho " upper ton thousand" avor — how truly is quite another question. — Saunders s News Lelier. PidTWDE Dealing. — In tho Court of Queen's Bench, Mr. Coleridge moved for 11 now trial in Hemsworth v. Smitli (an action to recover llio price' of eortnin paintings). Tho jury had found a vordict for the plaintiff, who wn9 a picture dealer. The defendant was a gontloman of property in Plymouth, and a collector of pictures. It was urged that tho vordict was against evidence, and that there had been a misundortnnding on tho part of the jury. Tlio question was whether the payment by defend ant to a person named Sidney was payment to him as tho plaintiff's agent, which the latter denied. Mr. Justico Blackburn said tho plaintiff appeared to bo carrying on tlio tratlo of manufacturing pictures and soiling tliem as originals. Tho defendant, who appeared to b t a largo' colleotor of pictures, ought to have known' the difference. Mr. Coleridgo: Tl e defendant appeared to bo fond of a warm Rubens nnd a sunny Cityp. (Laughter.) I believe tho plaintiff carried on his trado as honourably as others. Mr. Justice Blackburn : No doubt. (Laughter.) Tho defendant wits a bona fide amateur. Air. Coleridgo .- And ho ondenvoured to pass off 011 tlio plaintiff a Bpurious Correggio as original. (Laughter.) There is some doubt of tho great honesty of liis dealings with the plaintiff. Lord Ciiief Justice : You think that they woro tarred with (I10 same brush ? (Lnughtor.) Mr. Coleridgo : Yes ; tboro was no evidence that tlio pictures wore not wortli tlio money. They woro after wards sold for a fair price. Rulo granted. Tho Vienna journals announce that prepare' tory measures aro being taken at tlio Ministry of War for effecting an important reduction in tho army. . ' 