(ISxAHINEn.) VersesandTmnsiations. By C. S. C. Cambridge* De'igliton, Bell, and Co. London: Bell and paldy. We looked into these pages expecting what is „sually folmd hl Uie ,JOO£6 of verE'c tliilt b ar(i M daily primed, glanced over, and put aside. BuT and cliarmed by its whimsical grace book into or grotesque laughter, suggestions now and then running into lines hardly surpassed in Iheir way since the days of Thomas Hood. I'm C. S. C. has the mind of n young poet underlying his burlesque. His Latin verses have sometimes a true melody of their own when they are serious, but even in Latin C. S. C. is npr|at burlesque ;jnitucss his Carmen Sajculare, MDCCCL1II with the mock gravity of iu Latin notes hy a commentator, audits whimsical touches of parody. Ilere are-for we must quote a bit of 1 ' A' juvenis (sed cruda viro viridisque juventus) Q»a:rit baccifeme, tunica pendente,* tabernae: Pervigil ccce Baco furva deproinit ah area Splendidius quiddain solito, plenunique saporem Laudat, et antiqun jurat de stirpe Jamaica;, ^ fumose puer, minium 11c crede Baconi: Manillas 1 e vero, vocat: cm lortc hoc <!e<iit pratcxit niatunor nomine aitas caules. ^ Te vero, Intestates cui forte herbaram. dedit mtiturior tc quoque aitas quanti Circunistent casus, jiaucis (adverte) docebo. Pra^'ipue. s ''u rapiat amor te simplicis lierl™,f Seu potius tenui Mnsam meditaris avenu, Procurator™ fugito, u.nn ferrous idem est. Vita >eniihoves oalulos. redimiculn vita Candida: de eoelo deeeendit aiavrov. vapoiie item conepergere prater euntes ' etant, notumquefurensquid feniina jiossit: Gdit eniln dulcessuccos alius, orlit odorem; Gdit Lethmi diffusa volumina fumi. We make room, for another of the strains of C. S. C.; and admit an Emrlish as well as a Latin recognition of the trensives of the Cambridge Bacon : ' O U^E TO TOBACCO. ! Thou, who, when fears attack, Bidest them avaunt, and Black Cure at the horseman's hack Perching unscutest; Sweet when the mom is grey; Sweet, when they've cleared away Lunch; at close "of day Possibly sweetest: I have a liking old For thee, though manifold Stories, I know, are told, Not to thy credit ; How one (or two at most) Drops make a cat a ghost- Useless. except to roast— Doctors have said it- How they who use fnsees All grow by slow degrees Brainless as chimpanzees, Meagre as lizards; Go mad. and beat their wives : Plunge (after shocking live.-; llazors and carving knives Into their gizzards: Confound such knavish tricks'. Vet know I five or six Smokers who freely juix Still with their neighbours : Jones—(who, I'm glad to sav. Asked leave of Mrs J.) Daily absorbs a clay After his labours: Cats may have had (heir goose Cooked by tobacco- juice; Still why deny its use Thoughtfully taken? We're not as tabbies arc: Smith, take a fresh cigar! Jones, the tobacco-jar 1 Here's to thee,'"Bacon 1 * tunica prndc-iirc; h. e. 'suspensa e brachio.' Quod proeuratoribus illis vaide. ut feruiit, displicehat. Dieunt vero inorem a barbaris ti-actum. urhein Bosporiain infl.'Isidolmbitantihus. Hikci ferns taberuas: id. q. nostri vacant " tobaccoshops." f hrihu-ni tmi. Duo quasi genera arti6 jioeta videtnr disiinguere. -Weed.' 'pine.' recte Scnligcr. Ai.'ktiui.iw Mails.—The foUouh'g amounls were owing in dune to the Britisli Government by the Australian colonies for conveyance of moils to and from Kngiand. viz.:—Victoria. £132,397 7s. 5d.-, New South Waits, i'44.019 !>s. 8d. ; South Australia. Xa9.8rifl 1-Js, 5.1.: New Zealand, Is. 3d.; Tasmania, £11,522 :is. 0.1.: Wesvrn Australia. £1,520 ir,s. 7d.; Queensland, £1,2.'JS lis. (Id.—Total,.£'J3J,593 If. 3d.— J/ant-i Aitwtiscr, December 2S. SI'ONIANEOI-K Combustion.—A death attended wilh cxlraordinarv circumstances has just taken place at Cesen.i (Ho nronuO. in the per.-on of a resident of that town, ihe Countess Cornelia, who had reached 1 lie age of n-2 without nnv kind of infirmity. One night her atlen.lanis' observed that, contrary to her usual lialws she appeared rather heavy aud sleepy immedi-.it: Iv after supper ; but she nevertheless sat up three 'hours talking with her maid, and then snid her prayers and -lit 10 bed. The llevl nlnrmnT her in.tid Not more thai, a yard from the bed was" a heap of nslies m which lay two l^iiti, from th'e foot to the knee—aud twoarnrs. The head between the legs. All the, rest of the body bad been converted into ashes, which when touched left a greasy aud fetid lumiidit.v 011 the fingers. On the Uoor was a small lump without oil.' nnd 011 the tabic stood two candlesticks, the candles of which had lost all their tallow, but the wicks remained unburn). The bed was injured, tlic clothes lying as they usually do when a person has risen -, all the hangings of the bed were covered with a grayish soot, which had even penetrated into some drawers and soiled tlie linen tliey contained. This soot had also found its way into an adjoining kitchen, and covcred the walls, furniture, and utensils. The bread in the safe was also covered wilh it, and when offered to several dogs tliey would not touch it. In the chamber over the Countess's room the lower part of the windows was soiled with a fatty, yello fluid. The whole atmosphere around wiis inipr. g natod wilh an indescribable aud most disagrt able smell, aud the Uoor of tho chamber was coated with a thick, clammy, and extremely adhesive moisture. The Countess had evident) been consumed by an internal fire. Dr. Bianch,: a physician ot tbe town, who has published a pamphlet ou the case, thinks that the fire began iu tlic lungs, and was developed during sleep ; Unit the Countess, being awakened by Uie dreadful pain, liad no doubt riscu to get air, perhaps iutcuding to open the window, but had only been able to leave her bed when she sank under the fire tliat was devouring her. The M&'quis Sclpio MaJFei. who has also written on the same subject, says that the Counicss was in tbe habit of rubbitig her body with camphorated spirits of wine, which slie used frequently, and he thinks that tiie frequent use of tliat liquid was one of the causes of her death.— The Times. •••• FiiitAi.is WAimions.—A lady, who gave her name as Mrs. Mary Ann Keith, of Memphis, Tenn, was arrested at Lynchburg, Ya., recently. Whin arrested she was rigged out in a fuu suit of soldiers' clothes, aud had registered her name at the Piedmont lionseas Lieut. Buford.' She said she liad been married twice, her first husband having been a member of Sherman's famous battery j her second was in the Southern anuv; but she stated that she separated from him for some reasons she did not make known. She declared she was all right ou tlie Southern question and scouted the idea of being a spy. She said her reason for dressing in soldier clothes was tliat she liad determined to fight tlie battles of her country, and thought such • disguise more likely to enable her to accomplish her object She was sent to llicliroond for further hearing. Weliarea lady warrior among the forces in this state—Mrs Ellis, the wife of Colonel Ellis, of the 1st Cavalry,. I do not know whether it will add to or take away from the romance of the position to say tliat she has been a fortune-teller, known as Mme. Blanche, who fur several years past has alternated between this"cityand New Orleans, practising her art and advertising it extensively for about six months ill each city. CoL Ellis was a stranger ' here, until his recent uppearaucc as Madiuue's husband. He is a fine-looking fellow, and sits a horse likeacentaur. While the war fever was at its highest he undertook to raise a cavalry regiment, aud succeeded in forming a superb one, about 1100 strong. But to Madame: she created quite a sensation by arriving in Jefferson City yesterday evening as bearer of despatches from Gen. Hunter to Gen. ThomasL. Price. She was dressed in 11 seini-military riding habit and hat, with a crimson sash thrown over the left shoulder, as an officer of the day, mounted tin a magnificent horse, and attended by two orderlies. She had ridden-forty five milcssiuce ten o'clock, and without taken a moment's rest delivered her despatches to General Price, urging forward two squadrons of cavaliy which had been left bcliind at Jefferson. She is a tall good-looking woman, witli a spirited air, and ioolcs the heroine to the life.— Corrityondmt of Bulletin. A Few Questions Hequimng Asbweb.— When a reviewer or other writer lias crammed himself to choking with some particularly abstruse piece of information, why does he introduce it with tlic casual remark, tliat "every schoolboy knows" it i lie didn't know it himself last week. Why is it indispensable tliat he should let off this introductory cracker among liis readers? Wc have a vast number of extraordinary fictions in common use, but this fiction of the schoollroy is the most unaccountable to me of all. It supposes tlie schoolboy to know everything. The rchoolhoy knows'die exact distance to an inch from the moon to I'rauus. The schoolboy knows every conceivable quotation from the Greek aud Latin authors. The schoolboy is up at present, and has been these two years, in the remotest corners of the maps of liussia aud Turkey, previously to which display of his geographical accomplishments he liad been on the most intimate terms with the whole of the gold regions of Australia. If there were a run against the monetary system of the country to-morrow, we should find this prodigy of a schoolboy down upon us with the deepest mysteries of banking and the currency. We have nearly got rid of the Irishman who stood by us so loug, and did so much public service, by enabling the narrators of facelious anecdotes to introduce tliem with "As tlie Irishman said." We have quite got rid of the Frenchman who was for many years iu partnership with liim. Are we never 011 any terms to get rid of the schoolboy ? If tlie Court Circular be a sacred institution for the edification of a free people, why is the most abhorred villain always invested, iu right of that frightful distinction, with a Court Circular of his own ? Why am I always to he told about tbe ruffian's pleasant manners, his easy ways, hi.; agreeable smile, his affable talk, Ihe profound conviction of his in- nocence that he blandly wafts into the soft bosoms of guileless iambs of turnkeys, the orthodox air with which lie comes and goes with his Bible and prayer-book in liis hand, along the yard that 1 fervently hope may have 110 outlet for him but the gallows ? Why aui 1 to be dosed and drenched witli these uauseuus particulars, in the case of every wretch sufficiently atrocious to become their subject? Why am I supposed never 10 know all about it beforehand, and never to have been pelted with similar mud in my life ? Has not the whole detestable programme been presented to nie without variation fifty times ? Am 3 not familiar wilh every line of it, from its not being generally knowu tliat Shuriner was much respected in tlie county of Blankshirc, down to the virtuous heat of lSilkins, Sharnicr's counsel, when, in bis eloquent address, he cautions the jurymen about laying their heads 011 their pillows and is moved to pious wrath by the wicked predisposition of human nature to object to tlie foulest murder that its faculties can imagine? Why why, why, must I liave the Newgate Court Circular over and over ajiain, as if tbe genuine Coiu-I Circular were not enough to make nie modestly independent. p;oad.grateful.and ii.ippv" J When I overhear mv friend Hlackdush inquire of my friend Asterisk whether he knew Sir Giles Scrorwitis. why docs Asteri-k replv provisionallyand wilh limitation, that he has met him ? Asterisk knows as well as I do that lie has no acquaintance with Sir Giles Semggins ; why does he hesitate 10 say so, point blank ? A mail imiv not even know Sir Giles Scragging by sight, vet be a man for a'that. A man may' distinguish himself without the privity and aid of Sir Giles Scroggins. It is even supposed by some that a man may gel 10 Heaven without being introduced by Sir Giles Kcroggins. Then why not come out, with the bold declaration, "I really do not know- Sir Giles S-roggins, aud 1 have never found that eminent 1 ersmi iu the least necessary to mv existence ?—Ifuusil,old Wards. ? ? A Woi.i.n-ni: Cot;NTi:ss.—A pretty vonng woman, who, under the name of the Countlss de Mere, lately gained considerable notoriety in certain circles in Paris, has been brought before the Tribunal of Correctional Police in iliat city ou :i ch urge of swindling.- fslic, it aopears, is a married woman named llcinnrv, and of lvspectalile family: hut was some time back condemned for adultery, and lus since led a loose life, not I J ™ T S | ° f S ' 00 " tt^^f^nZ at the rale of 100,000 francs per annum. This she was able to do by swindling tradesmen on tiie false pretext tliat she bore the title of Countess de Mery. was n Russian of high familv, excessivclv neh, and was a married woman, though separated from her husband. She defended herself with great energy, protesting that site liad no intention of committing fraud; and her advocate represented tluit the tradespeople whom she imd wronged had been indemnified. The tribun-il condemned her to a year's imprisonment and W francs fiue-. and the same sentence was pronounced ou a woman named Demanct, whom she called her housekeeper, for having assisted her in her frauds. Parisian Gossip of the Liverpool Albion. lii;iii;i)V iw. Slii-etixo in Ciiduch —The art of balancing has become quite popular, and has been deemed worthy of explanation in the form of a lecture by tlie scientific Mr. Pepper, who is smart and learned at the same time. We must extract one of the little jokes with which he peppered lus lecture, and made it most acceptable tare. He said the old monks' seats iu Westminster Abbey, in Henry All's Clupel, were placed on an axis wlucb passed throagh the centre. As long as tliey remained awake nothing happened, but directly tliey went aslcsp the sent upset, and tliey were tumbled out. Tliis unclcrical merriment wits also provided for at the chureh of BitJwp btortford, where tiie seats were shnilariy constructed.— Coi'i* Journal. 