THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. XXIEAXJRE BO1 A.I* Tbe high opinion we had formed of Mr. Sullivan after seeing him play Hamlet, baa been fully borne out by his performance t-f Richard tbe Third and Macbeth. His impersonation ft tbe latter character pleased us greatly. In the more pathetic passages, he scarcely came up to our expectations, ou' d lne beautiful lints, ' My way of life is fallen into the 8cre and yellow leaf,' which for a/imn n».nn n» »«?*!.-_ 1. - rrtftil' ?' AT at* ftp Ufa ' mam ttrtt '? characterised by tho tbpugu'ful melancholy which Mr. Macready infused into that touching passnge.- In the scenes with Lady Macbeth, both tieibre and after the murder of Duncan, Mr. SuJlivan was perfect. He in troduces one or two new readings, the most important being in the well known lines — ' If it were done when 'twere done, then 'twere well ; If 'twere done quickly : lftlieaisassin»tio.u.' By making a long pause after tho 'well' at the end of the first line, Mr. Sullivan, in our opinion, brings out tho meaning of the pott wilh great distinctness. One very startling innovation was made. In the banquet scene, Banrjuo's ghost did not appear upon the stage at all, so that the conduct of ti!'a guilty king was without any apparent cause. This alter- . ation is open to two objections : in the first place, it pre. supposes a very intimate acquaintance with the play on the part of tbe audience; in tho second, it appears to us 4U1LC. uiiauiuunseu. ocuiegci says, 'j.et no uinn ven ture (o lay hand upon anv of Shakspero'swork, thinking to improve itj he will be sure to punish himself.' As well might Mr. Sullivan omit tho visit of tho ghost of Hamlet's father in the closet scene. There Qneen Ger trude is aa unconscious of tbe spectral visitant, as are Lady Macbeth and the nobles of the court, of tho ap pearance of tho murdered Banquo. Wo might, too, venture to remind Mr. Sullivan that white kid gloves scarcely existed in the days of Edward tho Confessor, and that his wearing these adjuuets was a glaring anachronism. But these minor instances in which we disagree with Mr. Sullivan, like the exceptions which prove a rule, only add to the high opinion we have formed of his Macbeth. It was the effort of on actor of the highest order- of merit. Mr, Warner gave a spirited interpretation of the valiant Macduff, and in the combat scene fairly divided the honours with Mr. Sullivan.. Mrs. Poolo appeared to considerable advantage in Lady Macbeth, and Mr. Hooper was a respectable Banquo. Locke's music was well rendered, both by the band and the chorus, which was strengthened by Mr. Morris, as the representative of Hecate, and by oiaaame atuttaiora. 'Macbeth' was repeated on Monday, and on Tuesday Kolzolme's doleful tragedy of tbo 'Stranger' was presented. On Wedneiday, Mr. Sullivan essayed another Shaksperian character, Othello, and on Thursday he appeared as logo. His imperioiiation of tho Moor did not come up to our expectation. Othello is, in the words of Hazlitt, ' a majestic serpent wounded, writhing under ils pain, stung to madness, and attempt ing by sudden darts, or coiling up its whole force, to wreak its vengeance on those about it, and falling at last a mighty victim under tbe redoubled blows of his assailant.' This idea Mr. Sullivan utterly failed to convey. _ Anxious to preserve his voice for tho fifth act, Mr. Suliivan husbands his resources eo carefully during the first three that they generally appear comparatively tamo and unimpressive. This fault was very remarkable on Wednesday. We liked him best in the pathetic passages, and his rendering of the beautiful lines termi nating ill ' Othello's occunation'a rf&ne.;' was verv fine. Mr. Warner's Isgo was so close an imitation 'of Mr. Brooke's that it pleased us greatly, and in the scenes with Othello hi succeeded in obtaining a fair share of the applause. Mr. Hope's Cassio was a very poor per formance, although the drunken scene was tolerable. Miss Gougenheim was tender and affectionate as Desde mona, and Airs. Poole was an excellent Emilia. We much preferred the cast on the following night, when Mr. Sullivan was Iago, and Mr. Warner Othello. The cool, subtle, calculating villain was skilfully delineated. In tbe earlier scenes be was gay and light-hearted, not morose and ill humoured. This is the correct notion of the character, or how otherwise could logo have main tained his popularity with his General and Deddemona, with Cassio and Roderigo? But throughout tho tragedy Mr. Sullivan threw into the Ancient an invete rate misanthropy and a licentious keenness of percep tion. In the third aot, tbe long scene in which Iago gradually infuses tho poison of jealousy into tbe Moor's mind, was very fine. The anxious suspense, the deep artiQce. the collected earnestness, were skilfully worked up. Mr. Warner literally took the bouse by storm : his fino voice was heard to great advantage, and be was far less boisterous than usual. His delivery of the address to tho Senate was a clever piece of elocution, and his entry upon tbo stago during the combat between Montano and Cassio was spirited and dignified. The words ' Cassio, I love thee, but never more he officer ef mine,' seemed to make the lieu tenant literallv ssrink again.- In the third act, Mr.. Warner might have been thought too violent, but it must not be forgotten that Othello should not be judged by tbo social laws of our cold northern clime. He was ono of those souls of fire, His was the wild nature of that glowing zone which generates the most ravenous beasts of prey and the most deadly poisons. Once inflamed, his whole being was m a ferment. Altogether, the applause which Mr. Warner received was well deserved. List evening the perform ances were for Mr. Sullivan's benefit; '.The Merchant of Venice' and 'A Hatch fora King' being the pieces selected; and to-night Miss Gougenheim devotes tbe proceeds of her benefit to the Irish Kelief Fund, and announces 'Janet Pride' and 'Taming the Shrew.' Mies Aitken will nppear next week, and will be sup ported by II r. and Mrs. Lachlan M'Gowan. VRKHCESS'S OClBBAXItE. 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' has been repeated every evening during the week to excellent houses, tbo farce of 'A Regnlar Fix,' serving to play tbo audience in. The only alteration in the cast has been that owing to the severe indisposition of Mrs. Heir, the part of Helena has been played by Mrs. Fitzgerald. This lady delivered thepoetry with good taste, and in the quarrel aceno in tho wood displayed a considerable amount of archneu and ability. An engagement ha- been entered into with Mr. Sullivan, who will annear to niirht in 'Money-' On Saturday next,the present season will ter minate ; and the company will migrate to the Haymarket. We bear that Mr. Siminonds, who retains this theatro has entered into an arrangement with tbo ilnorics, recently performing in Sydney, and that they will in all probability appear on Monday week. Mr. Greville is to be tbe new 6tage manager, and tho old Princess's will for a time at lnast be devoted to the production of dramas of thoAdelphi school. lUAlEBH'a ICO'VAXi XXCEUiir. A melodrama, new to the colonial stage, entitled 'The Jeweller of St. James,' was produced on Monday even ing. The interest is well maintained and tbo story in very interesting. The performances of Little Woston on the violin, and a local song Bung hy Master Marsh have preceded the pantomime of ' Magic Pills.' The vagaries of Dandy Grlmaldo (Master Marsh) and tbo elegant dancing of Mons. Schmidt and Madame Therese have sent the audience homo in excellent humour. Tho last sceno was very beautiful, and reflected tho highest credit upon the artist, Mr. Massey. We regret to learn that Mr. Marsh was severely burnt during tho earlier portion of the week by an explosion of gas. He U, however, already convalescent. armK jlpoiu) juwsxa iiaxk. The Court Minstrels still prove attractive. In the musical portion of tbe ontertainment they display a considerable amount of talent, hut their fun is of a very commonplace description. TT HE IIAYItlAHKEI OTHEAXStK. This elegant building is now so near completion that no doubt whatever is entertained of Hi being opened for the first tlmo on Monday week. The company will be tbe same as that now performing at tbe Princess's, and tho opening piece will bo ' Tbe American Cousin.' PIIOVISCIA1L. Bai.i.aaiiat. — Shakspere's beautiful comedy of 1 Twelfth Night,' placed on tho stage with much care and good taste, has been performed at the Royal during tbe wcclc with considerable success. Miss Annie Lock bait as Viola plays with charming grace, and interprets tbo noble sentiments of the author with dignity and fiatlios. Mr. W. B. GUI's dress and jiersom I as Sebastian ent a degree of probability to tho various ludicrous positions and mistakes consequent upon Viola's disguise, and Messrs. Edwards mid Bartlett ns Malvolio, the bombastic major domo, and Oralno, tho Duke of Illyria, performed with much effect, ably supported by Messrs. Hoskins, Leslie, and Miss Carry George. Thefaiceof 'The Goose with the Golden Eggs' has concluded the entertainment each ovening. Bendigo.— Miss Kate O'Reilly made her first appear ance at tbe Lyceum on Saturday last as Miami in ' The Green Bushes,' and met with a very favourable recep tion. On Monday shs played Cynthia in ' The Flowers of the Forest,' and divided the applause with Miss Wiseman as Starlight Boss, the travestie of ' My Dear ' following, the heroine being sustained by Mr. George Fawcett. On Tuesday, ' David Copperfield,' as adapted by Mr. Fawcett, was produced, and was a triumphant success, As Wilkins Micawber the adapter presented his audience with the living representative of the character Charles Dickens drew, and the house repeatedly applauded his performance. The other male characters were sustained mos3t satisfactorily by Messrs. John Dunn, Milne, Creswick, and Cox- Tbe Mrs. Micawher of Miss O'Reilly and the Little Emily of Miss Wiseman were worthy of notice. On Thursday Mr. Fawcett : played Young Rapid in ' A Cure for the Heartache,' and Micawber for his farewell benefit. The audience was large and enthusiastic. Gi'.ur.oN'a. — The concert at the Mechanics' Institute last Tuesday was well attended, and 'gave grtat satis-, faction \ to . all who were present. List evening Mis3 Aitken wa» announced to, make her first appearance at Geolong at the Mechanics' Institute. . ;?.??;. -:?'?? ? ?:' '.'''doioafiAK,:. .... ;.?''?_ '; ..-,;. . Syduky. — Tbo following ;Buin!nary,..pf la,at,.vjeek'a theatrical doings is ftamjhellcrald :— 'The success of the present opora ecaeon is snmewhat marvellous; nipht after night tho Victoria Theatro is filled with the elite of the community 1 who have bestowed their patronago most liberally on tho lyric drama, and at tho same time the old aud 'firm supporters of musical entertainments seem more determined thai.' ever to hear and sea all they can during the stay of the .Lyster company. To such an extent, indeed, has the tfesire to see 'Lurlino' reached, that box seats have been engaged for two and three nights in advance, and the otht.- parts of the house are filled with people of the highest respectability, n circumstance which has had an excellent cltkit in secur ing comfort and quiet. There are no noises to offend the ear even when the curtain ia down, which is a proof that, during the performance, the greatest silenci' pre vails, except when broken by tho plaudits of tho audience. The second and third representations of ?Lurline* wero an improvement on the first In all respects. The vocalists were more at home, and pang with great spirit. Indeed, all unite in endeavouring to secure a complete ensemble, and tho number of encore?' bestowed on them, though evincing the satisfaction of the auditory, must be a severe tax on the artistes them selves. The scenery throughout the opera is excellent, that of the choral home of the riymph. of the waters being particularly eo; but the last 'scenic demonstration' — for it can be styled nothing less — eclipses in brilliancy anything of: the kind attempted hero hitherto. Any description would fall short of conveying a correct idea. Tho machinery, though intricate, works easy, and the whole scene, with its shower of gold, is so light and etheriul, that it is really wonderful to what perfection this art has attained. At the Ljceum, on Saturday e'v ening last, the lino scenic tragedy of ' Pizarro,' and tils' highly amusing burlesque of ' Eily O'Connor/ wero preset, ted before nu overflowing audience; bouses equally iiuinero.'19 baving since assembled thero nightly during the pa»t week. On Monday the first piece was the beautiful t.~i& affecting drama of 'Isabolle,' which was in the Inchest degree successful, and admirably veil per formed by tb«. company. In her life-like and spirited impersonation ;of its principal character, Miss Fanny Morgan exhibited «' her unquestionable talcnt-an advantage which lu « obviously in » very mitenal degree contributed to render dramas of this kind now so de servedly popular nt IIO Lyccn,m-. 'I'/bello ™.pl«^ ocain.-with tho burlesqu''.'? Wednesday night. Mr. 0. \Y. Barry, the manager- whose ?b'hty ald careful and elaborate style of acting In. 'variety of characters have rendered his performances Sc^Ptaule to a large number of the Sydney play-going public, took his benefit on Tuesday/ The piecuselected ^V '??'- ™« ' lhf 'W^/ of ' Hamlet,' ond the farce of '\ rylnS ' On.' Mr. P. C. Cunninghame and a gontlemtin amateur gave their services en the occasion. Thursdk v was, by special request, a grand juvenile night for th. ? accommodation of schools and families. The burlesque : of ' Ell-',° pon' nor' on this occasion was played first. .Tho fen.t«rlfin' ment conoluded with tho laughable comedj 'or ^o''' Carey's Chickens.' On Friday the perform. ince,s.!w'a, for the benefit of Mr. W. J. Wilson, the acenk ' Brli' of tho theatre. The drama of 'The Rover's Bride' v 'a» Pror Huced on tho occasion, after which Mrs. Fre af'° * Younge sang tbe Kev. Charles Kingsley'a ballad of *a0 Three Fishers,' this part of the entertainment be. mB illustrated by tableaux vivans,, painted by Mr. Wilso. n; The afterpiece was the burlesque of the ' Babes of tht Wood.' It is announced that Miss Fanny Morgan is to take her benefit. at this theatre on Tuesday next, when an attractive programme will he provided. The per formances this' evening aro 'The Wood Domon' and ' Eily O'Connor.'' ITCrSCEKKAHBOVS. Duiitos's Cibcus is now performing in the Ovens district. Miss Harriet Goudox and Mr. J. P. IIydes were at Auckland at the beginning of last month. Mb. R. W. Koiii.mt returned to Melbonrne from New Zealand yesterday, after playing a successful engage. mem ai wib i riuwsan iiieuirc, x/uucuiu. fits puipuacs leaving again on Tuesday next, accompanied by tbe best histrionic and musical' artistes be can engage. A MASAOKIt'S CAREER. (From the ' Prodigal Son.') The manager of I ho Theatre Iloyal, Long Aore, was not a very nico man. He had followed a good many other professions before he took to trading in theatrical entertainment!. If moss be not gathered by tho rollinir stone, certainly a good deal of dirt adheres to it in the coursa of its revolutions. A man who has been through several businesses must havo something of a soil from each left on hia fingers ; and if he did not primarily start with very oloau hands, of courso tho result nt tho and is nil th j more grimy la effect. Labour stains aro very honourable if tho labour has been sufficiently honest. But we have no occasion, ns wo havo no temptation, to dig down to tho roots of the career of Mr. Urimsbaw, the leseee and manager of the Theatre Royal, Long Aero. All diggers do not meet with ore. Some often turn up lea j ngreeablo matters in the course ot their toils. Let us accept, as tho pnblic did, Mr. Grimslmw as a blown manager, and not trouble ourselvos about his bud period. Who cares to ponder over ugly chrysalis antecedents when the butterfly is fluttering about in full niaznincence 1 Ho was quito tho man to succeed na a manager. In the firbt place, ho wasn't annclor, and had never dreamt, amiJst all his changes of lifo of becoming one : ho was wary enough to know what not to do or to bo. He did not take tho theatro to assume tho important partu that ' no one elso would allot to him; to wako tho dreary echoes of the empty house by his own dismal performance of Macbeth ; ho did not propose to start as an eminont tragedian on his own account, to end on eome one e'.se'e, a hopeless insolvent, proffering a fearful Bchednlo to a wrathful commiisioner. He took the Long Acre (it hal been long empty : ho got it cheap) to prosper his pocket rather than indulgo his vanity. The Town said he was enterprising. Ho was in' a condition* which compels people to bo enterprising : ho could not buffer by speculation: Ho was without money, without charaotcr, without even credit, which sometimes survives tho nbsenco of tho others. How could he lose 1 What could he loso ? On tho contrary, he seemed to bo in such a situation that be must will ; because any change must bo for the better. He opened tho theatre. Ho pawned hh watch and sold his great-coat (the warm weather was coming on, so ho did not feel thi loss much) to p*y for his placard*. lie was manngcr of the T. 11., Lung Acre 1 To his own surpriso and everybody's besides, ho found money enough in the treasury on Saturday -night to pay his way. The Town lauded him extravagantly : ho was tl.c only man who' bad made the theatre remunerative ! On the strength of this applause, be wai abb to borrow money at u rate not much exceeding Bixtyper cent.— of courso taking part of tho advance in cnsei of champagne. Certainly bo was clever. Ho inado oven the wine availab!o ! IIo gave a grand supper to his employes. The thing was well noticed by the press, and advanced the theatro wonderfully. All that is ever wanted, it Booms, in such matters, is rf putation. for suocots. Of ouursc, a manager who gives champagne to his supernumera:ieamustbe successful, and the thtntre was crowded nightly. It wns admitted that a low comedian, criticising tho liquor, had declared a decided preference for 'shandygaff;' but ho was voted coaree, and put down. Altogether, the corps suffotcd much less than might have beon expected. Thcro was no coroner's inquest. Some actor's stomaohs must be as strong as their iunRB: ' The secret of my success as a manager,' said Grlmshaw once in a confidential moment, and when porhnps his habltua] caution had been carried away by a tide of hot pla-nud-wator, then running very high indeed, 'tho seciet of my success as a manager lies in the billing. People nay its novelty, but it isn't. I like novelty, of course, when I can get it, butl oan't always ; and tl.o faot 1b, that wl h propor billing you m»y make an old thing look like a new one. You may m*ko almost anything pass for a novelty. I'm very particular nil nit my billing. I tide through thctownrcgularlyonceawcek to take Block of my playbills. I keep my eye on tho shops that put them boldly out nt the front, su that they must strike tho passer-by. I defy him to avoid them. And I noto those as smuggle 'cm up in tho book shop, or perhaps nso 'em to wrap up parccla, or what not. I've known it dono. And I look bow tho placards are wearing, and try to find now pitchts for them ; nnd I try to invent a new Bystom of advertising. Thai's tho thing with tho public ; keep it up, stick to them, bully them : they'll defy you at first, chaff you, swear at you perhaps ; but in the end you'll find them all taking drcss-cirdo tickets for thomselves and every member of their families, nnd the housi crammed to suffocation every night, and a more stock pieco playing alter all, perhaps. And If you can do this with aa old thing, what oan't you do with a new one P' It has been said that ho was not a very nico man. Ho did not take tho T. It., Long Acre, because ho had any regard for tlm drama, or becnuso he respected anything or anybody. Tliore was no purpose in his management boyond his own advantage. , ' It don't mattor to mo, you know, a morsel what's played,' he said, as be drained his sixth tumbler, nearly swallowing a slab of lemon that had whilom been floating in the liquor, but waB now quite stranded or knocking about in tbe glass la a diy, useless way. ' I'll nut up anything they'll ooino and ece. Is It Billy Shakspero you want}— you bh*ll havo him, hot nnd strong, and plenty of him,— only pay your money at the door fust, plcaco. Or will you havehopcra 1 All rl)-ht. I'll give you tho best ol singing bird*, or bally, or 'orses, or the hncrobacs, or tho bclepliunts,— nnythink you like, it don't matter to me, Wesh yon, only say the word. Gla-Bis round ngnin, gcn'tlomen ; or what do you say, will you havo a bottle of ahum!' he, &o.; Certainly, it was all the same to Mr. Grimshnw what he ' put up,' ns ho phrated it, and he would havo playod SluKspera as soon as anything else, If he had thought ho could havo mado it pay, and sooner, if ho oouU havo mado a ' novelty,' or got a ' sensation' out of it (tbo word wasn't la use tlion ; but nevor mind, it fits just as well Ilio circumstances of which I nm narratiug). Above nil, if he could- havo engage i a trained gorilla, nnd been able to cast him for tho part of Romeo 1 Ho 7jarf mado ngieat bit with an accomplished troupe at dogs and moi Ueya— n poodlo who danced n naval bornplpo in npproprlnlo ooatuino, having by his .olcvernoss held London enthralled for inontlu. But a trained gorilla as Romeo 1 What hous:s 1 'What a draw I if. the thing was only tolerably billed I ' Ho w»s always looking out for novelty ot whatover kind. lie, was nlways nttentlvo to what was pacing on other stages, nt homo and abroad— ho wa» . not above .borrowing the ideas of his nelghboum when thoro was ocor.slon.. Business wos biginning to.flag a little. The public was ceitalnly hard- to pleaio. The performing wild beaits wero exceedingly clover — they bad oaten a stagi carpeutor entirely, and enjoyed ssvcral inouthfuls of n call-boy - and yet the bouses were not nearly bo Rood as might Imva been expected. He heard on soveral aides that a new dnncor— Madomokelle StephaDio liolsUoury — was exciting attention— 'creating a furore' was the exact expression— at Borlin, Vienna, Brussels, Milan, ko. ' I might do worse th»u engajjo her, you know,' said Grimsbaw ; 'they tell me, you kiie-tr, she'd a good looking woman, anil a veiy plucky dancer. Thero hasn't b«*n a regular jight-down giod bully in London for some years. I wonJcr whether she'd come— cheap !' Iu a few dnyj » very clnbointti fystom of billing commenced. An ciivjlojio, that appeared to conlnin a toltirrnphio message was left by a boy in a uniform at the door of every private housj in iho Court Guide ; and the nobility, eontry, and public were rcsocctfully inlormed that the Lessee and .Manager of the T. It., Lonj Acre, bad secured at on enormous outlay, exclusively for tbnt grand aud national esUbli'hmcn*, the eorvicts of tho' renowned Mndemoiuello Stepiiami: Boisplkcry, premiere danseuse of tho'S«n Carlo, at Naples, La Soala, ifihv, and all tho chief cities of Europe : whole extraordinary talent* had bseu the theme of admiration 'of lire entire continental press for a yory comidcrable time pa-rt. Her ilr=t nppenrance, it was fclattd, would tako plaCv1 almost immediately, in tho new, grand, romantic ba'lot in fix tabloaux, ' L'AiinorilTUB ; or, La Fille du Firmament :'_ miuio by Siguor Strepito — with entirely ci'W Bcenery, (Ircsjc?, and appointments, upon which tho Tvhole strength of the establishment had been employed for many months poet. MademoUcllo Stephanio B.kfleury wuld bo supported ly Mcsi'ames Celine, Julie, Blondotte, .Brov.-n, Euelle, U'Cnllashan, Schmidt, ko. M.M. Anatole, Itcnaud, Pierre, W. H. Sim?, Raphael, and JIcNish,nml one hundred ooryph£;«. Immediate application was to be mado for neatB. Tlic box office was open daily from 10 to b, under the direction of Mr. Clark, da. Mr. Grimshnw had managed very adroitly with Mademoiselle Boisflsuty and her frisnds. The ' enormous outlay' was of courao supposititious He found the lady asxions, for various icasona, to visit London. He immediately reduced his proposals to a minimum. In , fact he did not care about the thing at n'l, he Baid ; be had made other arrangements ; he hid si- many other matters pending. But if she liked to come to Long Acre, and dance for it week for nothing,, he wuulil engage her for two months afterwards, at a salary nf fifteen pounds g-weck, with liberty to him to terrainati the engagement at a week's notico. He added that be would 'mount' tbe ballet for her. flrst-ratc, and w.nld throw in the clear half of a ticket benefit. Upon th™ not high terms the services of Mademoiscllo Bolt lieu ry wero eventually leoured for tho great uatioual establishment in Long .Acre. MademoiBello Boisfieury wa3 a great success. ' We'ro pulling in the money now, sir, like bricks,' Mr. Grimshaw informed his intimattF, or.lering plassoB rouud alter his manner. ' Wo ilull lie able to run tho bally right up to tbo pantomims, if wj take cate, and get through the year splendidly.' Indoed, out of the profit accruing do.ii I hs engagement of Mademoitello BoMleury, he was nb!c to avert altogether a bankruptcy that had long been pending, to compound with bin creditors, and to commune with himself whether the surplus was not sufficient 1 1 justify the carrying into execution of a scheme ho hnd long been plotting, for tho leaslog of two other theatres, ond t_ ho purchase of three music-halls, a oircus, fivo public []0 uses, nnd a chipel. It was the dream of Griiusliaw t0 p, osscss all these properties : the fmld for billinrj' th it then wonld bo open to him saemod to him grand and gloriou 'indeed. ' ' I sh ould be able to turn round then ; a fellow nin't got elboiv ' ™m a' tbe Long Acre. It's as oa«y to manage fok -r theatres as one. If you know how to drive, n fin. 'r-in-kand isn't harder, while its much pleasantcr tin w 'n» 'oreo-lsn't it ol.l fellow, you kcow about 'orses? ''l J''1 bavo a private brx for the missus for Toobl '»y ' I'd 6Iv° any money if I could got respectablo peoplt ' !D'° my. private boxes. However, wo can't have ovorytbi 'DS~at tho pit wo turn away money every night.' _^^______ 