REVIEW. Remarks on Essays and Reviews. By Sir WILLIAM DENISON^K.C.B., F.B.8., VJL.B.f Colonel Royal Engineers. Madras : 1862. No I. As attentive perusal of the literature that .) gr««o oat of the now famous volume of Essays and Reviews, embracing two official repli under the respective authorities of the Bisfa of Oxford and of the Bishop of Gloucester a Bristol, can hardly fail to be productive of la iu< btnsfit to the impartial student of Eccl« as ical History. All the advantages that pert; . to dramatic representation of events,-the in rest involved in the progress of a cont uo'er our own observation,-the exalt ^tatton of those engaged in i'i tho hot pursuit i t Error ty the guardians Sr hodoxy, with tito exhibition (in the case thû Radius Professor of Greek in the Univers of Oxford) of sectarian malignity of the darkes type,-and the ululatory accompaniment of the so called " religious " world,-all combine render this controversy not only as notable any of its predecessors, but eminently suggi tive of wholesome reflection, and specially instructive touching the value of current notions. One thing is manifest on the face the matter, and indeed there is i attempt made to disguise the fact, that, in the estimation of those who range themselves on the so-disa orthodox aide, tho teaching of tho Church England on the various points discussed Essays and Reviews is so express and definite as to exclude the possibility of her comprehend ing within her circle any such as those who, like tho essayists, run counter to tho popular view of Christian doctrine. No small amount of virtuous indignation has accordingly been expended on the hypothetical enormity of views diametricalily opposed to the teaching of the Church being promulgated by scholars reposing in her own bosom. There can be small question about the morality of violated engagements Just as thc labourer is worthy of his hire, is tl .employer entitled to tho full benefit of li acquired lubour. Whether it be in the high realms of Theology or in the lowly sphere of every day life, honesty is the first principle of action, any violation of which merits reprobation. Doctors Temple and Jowett, in their several essays, have maintained what the Church, of which they are members, expressly condemns ; if Dr. Williams, in his conception of pr . phecy, opposes the doctrine which he hi sworn to uphold, unquestionably their coi îïnt;ance in the Church is a grievous sham Sut, before we proceed to adjudge censure i this respect to the extent required by ignorai clamour, it may not be altogether out of plat to inquire if things really be as they are repr sented to be-if the offences charged againi the essayists have any foundation in fae Between the assertion of a matter and its prot it is not uncommon to note a wide diversity.: Noir, let us take the case of Dr. WilHams jra extreme case-«in illustration of the materii on which fervid Orthodoxy so securely relic ' for ita support. Dr. Williams holds thc eternal activity is implied in the very natui «ad essence of God; that that activity, th rou g the medium of the third person of the Trinitj operates on the minds of men in the Christie Church, which is specially the sphere of hi influence ; that this activity exhibits itself unde various forms ; that some men are " inspired for one end, some for another ; that while som «vere inspired for the office of prophets, ether \- were inspired for the office of kings : that thi influence of inspiration extends to the presen «Jay ; and that, although it may not manifet itself in the same shape, and may no involve the same consequences, it open tion not excluding infallibility, its > dil ferer.ee from the Jewish manifestado! is a difference only in degree, not in kind. T those familiar with popular views on this quot tioo, it is barely necessary to add that all thi is very horrible ; but our reference, for settle ment of tho questson oí honesty, muat be no ,-. to popular views or interpretations, but to wha \- only can demand the attention of Dr. Williams namely, the Prayer Book and the Articles; ant . what do t h ese authorities say ? Most notable it is that in the Articles of Re ligion there absolutely exist not a vestige of ' reference, however remote, to any doctrine of inspiration. This silence of the Church's mani- festo is surely most significant, and, taken ic -connection with the employment of thc word inspiration in the only instance ' in which it is used in the Articles, exhibits the value of vulgar notions on the subject, , The thirteenth article-" of works before Justi- fication"-rans thus-"Works done before the \- grace of Christ and the inspiration of His Spirit, arc not pleasant," &c; This is in perfect harmony with the view expressed by Dr. Williams. The inspiration of the spirit is assumed to extend to the whole family of man. The Col eet for the fifth Sunday after Easter prays, that by " holy inspiration we may think tbo3e things that be good"; nnd tho Collect for the Communion Service, similarly rons: - " Cleanse the thoughts of our hearts by the in- spira'ion of thy Holy Spirit." There are two other ex: imples of the use of the word inspira- tion in the Prayer Book, of tho same character ; and it surely is not too much to affirm, in view of its employment as above, that it detracts largely from the exaggeration of mjstery centred in the exclusive application of the term to the writers of Scripture. As plainly as meaning is capable of being con- veyed in words, the influence (be it what it may: that is not here in question) denoted by the term inspiration is predicated both of the Church as a general body and.of ito individual members; but iu no single instance is it ascribed to the j iwriters of Scripture. This- is a very remarkable circumstance, and should tend to abate some- what of the acerbity with which Orthodoxy - re- sents even the most delicate reference to its most ?cherished dogma. Again, in the Homifes tho term "inspiration") is applied indiscrimina'ely to the readers and to j the authors of the Bible. The most cursory cr imination will serve to establish this point. Xodeerr, one cannot evade the aobnowledgmen that, far from being the exclusive property of the' writers of Scripture, inspiration is ascribed over and over again, in the Prayer Book, as a continuous influence lo persons in every station of life. Witness the prayers for the Queen, for the Royal Family, and fdr thc congregations. ' The " grace of the Holy Soirir," " heavenly grace," and " health- ful spirit of thy grace," severally périphrase the steck notion of inspiration. It is not incum- bent on us to fffix a definite meaning to the word. The transparent fact which alone con- cerns if Sf the ind ssoluble verity which survives _-the shock ot conflicting théorie?, is that, what- ever it may be srjpiTPsed to mean, inspiration is n >t (by the teaching' of the Church) charac Jeristic solely of Scripture. J| f| common pro» . p«r«7, 111* frnHion. ofwWoh, ia restricted neither to ant particular class, nor to any particular period ; and it is no small advantage to be able -to quote the authority of an Act of Par- liament in support of the affirmation. In the ?Snd and 3rd of Edward the Sixth, chapteril, is an account of the drafting of the Book of Co or- in on Prayer, which concludes with this remark- able statement-" At this time, by the aid of the Holy Ghost, with one uniform agreement*' (the draft of the Prayer Book) " is of-them con- cluded." It is not for us to pronounce oakthe knotty questions of the exact quality of the ?*' aid" indicated, of its mode of operation, or of its amenability to the ordinary conditions im- posed on exertion in this world. ^ Suffice it to I say, for the purpose of < ur argument, that the j authors of the Prayer Book were invested by the Legislature of the day with the self-same influence ascribed to the writers of Scripture. The word inspiration certainly -doe3 not stand out in naked reality ; but it logically resides in < the verbal circumlocution etnployed'in its stead: it is virtually employed in the phrase-by the aid of the Holy Ghost ; nay, it is expressed the more intensely by that medium. So much by way of reply to the ill-considered charge of dishonesty preferred by angry contro- versialists against those «ho, like Dr. Williams and bis colleagues, re/use to aecepttbe fashion abledoctrineof inspiration as a heaven-descended utterance of truth. Wo have selected this topic 1 advisedly ; and in so doing we are not liable to tbereproach of fixing on one of small morr.enr, whereon the silence of the Church is not to bu rogarded. Apart from the negativo fores ibat belongs to the stubborn fact of tho dogmu not being proclaimed by the Church in its exposi- tion of belief, in the P;ayer Book and in the Articles,-ire have positive proof th»t inspira- tion (in tho sense in which it is employed tty 1 theologians) not only was not, but could not j have been, designed to be ascribed to the writers of Scripture. Jt is impossible to resist the ! force of the conclusion to which the indis- ' criminate application of the tenn, as testified in : the preceding examples, directly points. As- suredly it yields Email countenance to the singular claim which Orthodoxy would advance in behalf of the record. ANO LIC ANUS. A GREAT SESSATIOfl.* AUTHORS, and we suppose readers too, prefer now-a-days the subjective novel to the objective. If this be a dry or a hard saying, we will illus- trate it from the vernacular. Little vulgar boys have a stock-piece of traditional impertinence for a horseman of insecure seat, whom they flippantly admonish to " get inside and put up the glasses." Writers of genteel fiction love to act on the analogy suggested. Instead of por- traying from without,Wherever it can be avoided they avoid it, and delineate from within. They might keep their seat on Pegasus, but they prefer to "¿et inside" their subject-to throw themselves into the inner consciousness of the character represented, and show the motive sptiogs of passion at work. The plan is obviously absurd. For who can enter into, as it were per- sonate, three or four different subjects of consciousness ? The autobiographical attitude may be sustained with success by carefully keeping to the consciousness of the one charac- ter made to assume the first person, and allow irjg_everythtng else to be seen ol jectively and as from without. De Foe's great work is a model in this respect. The attitude of Crusoe on his island is necessarily intensely subjective ; the workings of his mind from day to day unfold themselves before us, and mingle their impres- sions with those of the nature-world without ; but the author does not busy himself with the mental interior of the "Man Friday." The mistake now commonly made, of which the book before us is an j example, is that, save the mere light and make weight personages, everybody's inward self is turned inside out before our eyes, even though it prove to have nothing in it. Of course a j book cannot consist wholly of such a torn stuff- ing, and preserve even the form and manner of a tale. There must be a framework of sup- posed incident and external relations on which to hang this series of introverted portraits. With these remarks on the faults ot the class to which the work belongs, vre proceed to explain and arrange it after the fashion of a cast of dramatis persona, taking the hint from the semi-drama- tized manner of narrative in which the book itself abounds ; and beg to introduce the reader to 1\. Earl Ravensdale, a trashy, unprincipled peer, who acts meanly by every one ho comes in contact with-:uts out the model man Ems- i ford by force of hts coronet, acting on maternal vanity, and abandons Caterina, to whom he has been something more than engaged, though something less than married. 2\. Ernsford, afterwards Lord Elfintower, en- gaged nt first to Edith ; backed by papa, hut fl juted by mamma, the engagement is snapped in a gay fortnight at Carlsbad in his absence. [ Dies early, to wit, in the second volume. 3\. Edith, Lady Rav eusdale, who after jilting ! Ensford and breaking his heart lives with her own in a compound fracture. 4\. Rupert, brother of Ernsford, and Lord El finio wer.No. 2,"a " muscular'' young"Chri8tian, thinks himself an ass, and is not far wrong. He nearly marries Caterina, nearly olopes with Edith, by a pure mistake, and at last is united which is much too good luck for him-to . 5. Constance, sister of Edith, mixture of " trump" and blue stocking, whose weak point is that she ia on the whole too perfect a creature. 6\. Sir J. Campion, Earonet, of loose prin- ciples, and, up to a certain point in the story, its Mephistopheles agent or polished viii ian, but who reforms Hnder the influence and example of Ernsford, whose last words stick by bim- ends by making everybody as comfoitable as can be expected under the circumstances. 7\. Mrs. Grahame, worldly mamma, marries both her daughters, Edith and Constance, to peers, but with heavy percentage of heart breakage. N.B. ought to be made a se ver ¿r example of. 8\. Caterina, a lady of explosive Italian tempe- rament, first lore of Lord Ravensdale-proposed I to, when dropped by him, by Sir J. Campion, I by Rupert, and by Lord Ravensdale (in hopes of a divorce from Lady Ravensdale) him- self. Does her best to entrap Rupert, through his advances to her, into an elopement with Lady Ravensdale. This lady embroils the character and complicates the plot. 0\. A.set of foils and make-weights. Such is Mr. Grahame, the papa, chiefly introduced to be scolded, snubbed,' and bamboozled by Mrs. Grahame. J The only good thing ie does is to rid» over .Count Schonheck, pug-nosed J»-na cor pulen t, a grotesque pretender to Edith. Stfju. are Lord Sevenoaks, a shadow, who dangltB after". Constance for a chapter or two, bnt disappears A Great Sensation.' By Edward tieneaga JJtiloi london i Ham and Staktt. 1863, " without ha'tng miaseä, ».».d. W«, Sjmektta, lady maid to Mrs. Grahame, who does a good di of the comic business. The sim of the book is good and wholesoo It is to make a pure and noble character, w dies at the stake of duty, influence and eleve others, weaker or baser than himself. T means of working this out are sometimes inac quale, and sometimes improbable, but the pi dominant is well observed, and some ak shown in sustaining it. Por instance, Ca stance, the good girl, well-principled, stron minded, and attractive, is nearly powi less to prevent mischief, or to i claim wrong-doers. The last words Erns'ord have taken effect on Sir J. Campii himself, and he is determined that no one el shall escape from their speil. The only persi who obstructs the story at this point is Catertr who, having never known Ernsford, must otherwise influenced, if at all. Here the m sing link is supplied by Constance, who li; rescued her little boy from drowning, and th h:r resentment is led captive. We should ad this poor little child is only brought into ll story to be saved'from the ornamental water one of the parks. Thus Caterina is ihducsd consent to let bygones be bygones, and retire ; £400 a-yearfrom Sir J. Campion. The reader, if he ha3 followed these comp cations, will see that the book turns main on remorse for jilting ; but this will ha d prepare him to find that the said remorse is e pressed viva voce with every degree of barro; ing pathos, in an opera box. ilario ia thiilltr j the rest of the house with musical emotio; j while these two forlorn birds-the married ji i and her victim, ore going through a duet < billing and o toing over ull that might ha\ ' been. Nay, the gentleman, who is to die i 1 due course, is summoned up by the lady, in il; i midst of a cir clo of men of fashion and marl who are making themselves agreeable to her i her husband's absence, to come to her box an ' hear the tale of her woe. The sime process < j heart-wringing is gono through again in his ow library, at the Elfloiower country seat ; and thi coupled with a few mare interviews of the sam sort interspersed as convenient, t factually ut nerves Ernsford, who wastes and goes abroad t die. One might here inquire why Ernsfori wbo is assumed to be a man of sense, di 1 nc become a member of the Alpine Club, or othe wise seek in distance and absence the means < wrestling with his fate. But then there woul have been no material for the feaBts of agonise feelings with which we are constantly regaled. The conversations are mostly carried on i the intense and spasmodic style. The chara; ters gasp out their feeling in open vowels inte; spersed with dashes, or in such sentences as th lost which the Atlantic telegraph uttered- a fe' confused traces of nouns and verbs a'on surviving amid the wreck of meaning. Her is a fragment of collo quy in point : Mrs. Orábame (feebly)-"I . . I . really don' kn aw." Dowager.-" Oho I" Mrs. .Orábame.-"I . wa don't sea vary muob < bim . . He . . I . . the; . . we-." Dowager.-" Oh I I beg your pardon I-' Seo. Here is another piece of patchwork .: Rupert.-«. My name and tbe proteoting power I as you to give me, shall-." ? (Enter tbe dirty nun-servant, log.) " Mrs. Molini, mum, are yon at home ? He's at th front door. (Aside.) They all oall taeiraelves Molió tbis morning." Caterina.-" I am goiog to sit to h'm, andloanoo bear to be stared at in his studio." Baport (in a low voice).-'. And--and ?" Dirty man-servant.-" What am I to tell him, mum Which ha's a waitiog." Caterina.-" Show him into the dining-room." [Exit dirty man-servant. . (Half aside.)-" li's a dream-the moBt beautiful c dreams. Bot-'*, Roper'.-"Bat . . . will you bu my wifi?' Caterina (still half aside).-" If I could only realis it-&v; The fact which the writer seems to forget i that art can never be Btrictly correspondent t< nature. We must mike certain assumptions ti cover the disproportion between the two, ant give our imagination fair play. The dislogm on the stage can never be a strict likeness of i dialogue in real life, and the prompter'i book, even when scored to the mar .gin with stage directions, can nevei express exactly what the stage dialogue con vejs. It belongs only to the pure discourse ol music, involving a scientific basis, to have c system of scientific symbols adequate to whal is meant to be expressed. In a talk of words, which have a different value according as they are spoken in one mood of feeling or another, we must leave the general purpose and scope to help out the particular meaning. And this, io the hands of masters of the art of fiction, is alweys found sufficient for the purposes oi art. The characters unfold themselves in such hands, gradually and from simple el men's at first, then ascend to greater complexities, yet interpret themselves as they go. The dia- logue in a highly-wrought scene of concentrated pathos io then informed by our knowledge of what the epeakers are in themselves and to each other, and glows with the feelings which the course of the story has raised in the reader. On this sympathy of bis reader a writer should rely, if he knows how to kindle it, and if he dees not, he should abstain from artificial high pressure upon the individual square-inch of the narrative. To turn from the style to the substance of the story, wo are staggered by a complication of im- probabilities which it is not easy to unravel in the short space we have to spare. Kupert, fasci- nated by Caterina, has persuaded her, as be thinks, to go off with him in a post-ebnise, and be married privately in some northern suburban parish, " after remaining ia it during the fort- night required by law." Any one who reads the tale will see that such a delay as a fortnight would have been, in this crisis, just the last thing Rupert would have tolerated. The notion of two people in such circumstances lurking about for a fortnight at Tottenham or Barnet, with May Fair reidy to rise at their heels, pursue, and badgar them, is simply absurd. Even had they conceived the scheme, to give it the air. of en elopement and execute it together with all the effrontery of a past' chaise in the .twilight of a London day, with ? all Piccadilly to watch them, is a re- nunciation of common sense which none but a novelist at a pinch of plo * would á'pire to. But the climax of the whole is, that the ardent notes in which Kuper' has invited ~ Caterina ' tb this arrangement have been passed on by ber to Lady Ravensdale, who, since Ernsford's death, has become the victim of an uncontrollable but delusive passion for his brother Rupert, and who, thus getting his proposal, addressed to Caterina, at second-hand, " worded so that neither name appeared," jumps at the offer of an elopement including the suburban parochial arrangements with parson, clerk, due residence, and everything proper as aforesaid,we are to suppose ; and she a married woman and undivorced with a father and mother C'oio on the spot, is handed' into the post-chaise in a double veil by Rupert at .the Marble Arch, who rides an hour or more by her side in tempestuous silence, without a suspicion i that he has got the wrong lady. Then, of course,; follows a high-pressure scene of explanation;! and Rupert, who has hated her cordially, i | turns out, for bis brother's sake ever since bis,1 death, sends her off to her father's country house1 by the night train. How Sir John Campton now appears as the universal Dew-GB machina, to explain exery thing and reconcile everybody-how he bullies the recreant Earl into renouncing his intended ex- posure and divorce of his truant and quasi peccant Countess-how be woiks on Caterina to make her unweave the web of intrigue, and redress the compromised reputation of Lady Ravensdale-we have no time to explain. Rupert, too, becomes aware, under Sir John's able tuition, that his passion for Caterina was all a mistake, and that b.th she and Lady RavensJalo are equally the wrong lady, and that the mitchless Constance is the right one. Then follow some more hi{;h-pressure ecenes. Con- stance is slowly wasting, onl just arrives nt the last gasp in time for Rupert the penitent to re- occupy the gap in her existence which he had left lor the evil witcheries of Caterina. Then fallows, as in a pantomiein, a grand transformation scene. Or rather' we reazh the climax when, ns in a well-known tale of le3s pretension, " the witter] tc^an to quench the fire, tbe fire began to barn the rope, the ropo t'e^an to hang the bn'cher, the butcher began, Sa. ;" and the curtain falls on Constance in oraoge-blo3soms, ns Lidy Elfin tosver, gay as a lark and graceful aa a houri. j There really is a good deal of clever writing , in the book, ba', it is a purposeless cleverness j which leaves regret rather than grat fi s. We wish that so r.b'.o on au'hor had not. ventuted on such a random farrago of point- : less quotations in Greek, La io, French, Ituliati, &<¡, as ts found in vol. i. '.rbis is a. good deal tempered, however, in vol. ii., and in vol. iii., has nearly disappeared. In the first, j two old school friends cannot meet without' bjrstiug out into ran dom scraps of fourth-form j lessons; ¡ ut where a young lady in the second ¡ is Hctually stumbling unaided through Plato in the original, and a young gentleman with | the power and the will to assist her drops in to j a teta a tete, we are agreeably surprised al the scene closing without a single pns3age being construed, and a scrap of Italian is the sole linguistic flower which the lady ventures to lot fall. On the whole, Sir John Campion is moro like a human figure of real life than anything else in the book. He is always amusing, and often I instinctive ; and, but for being cramped and I spoiled towards the end-sacrificed in short to the exigencies of the plot-would leave behind an agreeable recollection of real creative power. This, however, is a compliment which would be somewhat beyond the mark of justice. The book contains a noble main conception-we wish it hid been more truthfully worked out. As it is, we own to laying down the judicial pen with a " great sensation"- of relief. THE CORRESPONDENCE OF NAPOLEON THE FIRST* THE new volume of Napoleon's correspondence contains considerable evidence that the series is presented to the world io good faith. There are not such cynical avowals in these letters, which are chiefly official, as rmy be read in the singular correspondence with J seph Bona- parte ; but still there are many things which would have been suppressed by an editor who bad unlimited power over the originals, and who had been instructed to make the Bun of Austerlitz photograph himself without a speok. The first paper tn tne book is an order from the now despotic First Consul to pay Mdlle. Robes- pierre six pounds a month, which is curious as a memento of the Jacobinism which was the first phase of feeling through which Napoleon passed. The letters, however, which are most damaging, at least in the eyes of an English reader, are those addressed to Fouche, Minister of Police, and to Régnier, the Grand Judge or Minister of Justice. They betoken an inconceivable and invincible pettiness of mind. The famous direc- tion to prevent Madame de Stud's entering France appears in this volume, excused by the First Consul on the ground that " l'arrivée de cette femme, comme celle d'un oiseau de mau- vais augure, a toujours ete le signal de quelque trouble ;" but Madame de Stael was at least worth dreading. Much smaller persons seem to have had the honour of Napoleon's fear, suspi- cion, and jealousy. His correspondence con- tains anathemas against the smallest jour- nalists, admonitions to the Ministeron tho duty of daily watching the press, orders to find out and punish the authors of particular articles and particular songs-nay, even a direction to have a song composed for the streets on the I expedition to England to the tune of the Chant du Depart. Mighty as he was the ruler of France passed the first years of unbounded authority in a fever of fretful discomfort. Talleyrand, in the latter years of life, though he does not seem to have pandered directly to the prejudices of the Bourbons, used to flatter them indirectly by speaking slightingly of Napo- leon's cipicity. At the same time, he always gave bis old master credit for one remarkable faculty-his.amazing power of work. The now volume shows that this capacity was indeed developed in Napoleon to an extraordinary degree, and it may well have produced a strong impression on Talleyrand, who throughout life was indolent and dilatory, and who, indeed, if M. "J biers is to be believed, owed bis eminence much more to his procrastinating habits than to his diplomatic ability. In one day the First Consul would write a doz;n or twenty letters, on every subject under the sun, no letters of general rem: rk or directions, but going into the minutest details. Several loog letters to French ambas- sadors at the-various Continental Courts will be followed on the same day by elaborate instruc- tions to the Ministers in Paris, by plans for moviog, exercising, and distributing two or three armieB, and by short notes snubbing or advising the other members of the Bonaparte family. The correspondence in the present volume was written when the expeditionary force intended for the invasion of England "was collected at Boulogne. The First Consul seems to have known the position of every company, the tonnage of every gun.boat in the flotilla, the character of every subaltern officer, and the past history of a good many of the rank and! file. A despatch- wri'ten, or rather dictated, on the 18 -h Vendémiaire of the year XII. (11th of October, 1803), and addressed to General Soult, is, perhaps, the most extraor- dinary in the series. It contains not only a long criticism on the state of the force at Bou- logne, but a complete code' of instruction for . Correipbnd'ance de Napoléon 1er Publiée oar I'Ur dre de l'Empereur NapC'Jon III. Tome Neu v¿ eas, Paris: Plot i london : Jeffs, lfej, ?? th« www trtfqmg «f »he «oW^w w landsmen who were to row the gui boats > crois 'he Channel. It ts well known tb Napoleon's passion, fer detail afterwards b came almost a disease, and greatly contribué to the ill-success of his Marshals in Spain ; bi in 1803. he was in the heyday of mental po wa and the affairs of his dominions, prodigious i they were, were not yet tao vast to be grasp« by an intellect of unusual reach. The readi of these letters his begun to understand, be foi he closes the book, how the France of the pr sent moment has come to bear tbe mark of tl First Consul in every part of the body polit ¡ and social. I The correspondenca begins on Septembi 2-Ub, 1803, and is ended on the 29th Se¡ tember, 1804. The year which it covei iacludes. therefore, the immense preparaù ;t for invading T1 uglund after tho rupture of tl Peace of Amiens-the conspiracy of Georgi Cadoug-il, Picbegru, and Moreiu, against tl government and perhaps the life of the ne despot of ifnnc9-the execution of the Di: d'Enghien-and the wretched intrigue ini which lite British Ministers at tho Germa Courts -tiffjred themselves to be entrapped I the French police. The greater part of the lc ter3 refer to tho Boulogne expeditir n, and il simultaneous descent to be made on Irelani Thero are ios'rusiions to organise o regnli corps of English interpreter?, in which Iris exiles are to be invited to enlist ; and there is rather disgraceful letter to the Pope, in whicl at:er innumerable caj ilerie?, the First Const tries to get his Holiness to give thc French tl I command of any communications which may 1 carrie! on between thc Holy See and the Iris pre^thood. In re'erenca to tlie mern ¡ra' Ic < x cation of tlie Bourbon Prince, the volume g'v th-} First OOIIDHI'S or.ler to Murat, his brotlier-ii liw, then commanding a- Paris, t » rece'vrf tl Dulce after his seizure arid to convrfy him to Vii carmes. No ditect exculpation is attempter! 1; the uuthor of this fatal and foolish crime in an of iliesa letters, hut they enable us to understnn how it was ibat he came to commit it. Th truth, is, Napoleon was thoroughly nlarmei and even more enraged than abirmed, by tb conspiracies ho had di-covered. He did not hi 'ot his authority, but for his lifo ; and probabl I there is no terror so intense and overpowerin as the fear of assassination. The same dree which haunted Cromwell, and which ia ox. own day visibly shook from its balance the min of the undoubtedly intrepid sovereign wh governs France, seems to have stung almost I madness the excitable na'ure of the Fin Napoleon. Bis notes and orders r< feiring to the conspiracy of George Gtdoudal betray a bitterness of resen ment and hatred which though perbap justifiable as regards the Chouan conspirato: becomes excessive and scaroely intelligibl when directed against Moreau and Pichegrt The evidence implicating them was exceedingl slighryand their designs, if they bad any, wei entirely political ; but Napoleon appears t have been persuaded that they aimed at his lift and his rage at all who took a more lenient vie' was unbounded. It is not surprising that thoa who did not comprehend his state of min attributed bis harshness to jealousy of th only two Frenchmen whose military r< ' putation was on a par with bis own. A simila I mistake has led to the execution ot the Du d'Rrgbien being assigned by Napoleon's mies to an innate malignity of heart, and by bi admirers, as M. Thiers, to the unauthorise activity of Fouche's police. But Napoleon mos deliberately determined that the Prince shoul be shot, and ha himself directed the details c the mock trial and judgment. The excuse fo him is, that he was nearly beside himself at th idea of exposure to assassination, and that h sincerely believed that the Bourbon intrigues, ii which his victim had been unqurstionably mixing bad his murder for their object, lt shoul: also be added, in justice to him, that though thi Due d'Enghien was never proved to have Iis tened to suggestions for the First Consul's assas si nation, tho persons about others of the Bour bon princes had certainly some cognisance o the Ioftrnal Machine, and of Cadoudal's plot When the First Consul had once rejected Loni: the Eighteenth's invitation to act the part o Monk, the emigrants seem to have at once con sidered him hors de la loi. The only ptrts of this correspond nee whicl can be called amusing (though certainly the jok< tel s rather against this country), are Napoleon'i letters about the hoax to be practised on thc English Ministers in Germany. Mr. Drake the English plenipotentiary at Munich, had unfortunately given ear to the suggestions ol Mehee de la Touche.- a man of infamous character, and, as it turned out, a paid agent of Fouche. Mehee led him to believe that there were people about Napo- leon's person, who, if properly paid, .would put bim in possession of the First Consul's most secret memoranda and papers. Fouche, when informed ' by Mehee of Mr. Drake's credulity, tent him instructions to work upon it to the u!mo3t ; and it now appears that Napoleon him- self dictated the represantations and promises which were to be made to the Englishman. Ho seems to have entered into the hoax with genuine zest, and with a sonse of humour not ! usual with him. A long letter to Régnier, wriitm in January, 1801, contains a number of en- tirely false statements to be conveyed to Mr. Drake as to the numbers, equip- ment, and destination of the Boulogne flotilla ; and in a later ' letter he gives a most minute description of his own Cabinet, and of bia ar- rangements for dictating and wiiting. This was ¿to be sent through Mehee, in order to explain the mode in which the documents coveted by Mr. Drake were to be subtracted. They were contained in a particular portfolio, locked up in a particular drawer. No one could gain access to them except two persons. The Secretary to whom Bonaparte diotated, says the First Consul, with a touch of tenderness to the man who .was probably taking down his words, is quite incorruptible, but there is a huissier who is in tbe room alone dr a few minn es in the day, and he may be b u;ht. It is melancholy to think that the Fnglish Govern- ment transmitted large sums of money through Mr.'Drake and Mehee to this imaginary huissier. So complete was the mystification, and such dexterouse me did the French Government make of the transaction, that the publication of the duptiments went a good way to. neutralise, the evil impression made upon Europe :n opinion by the execution at Vincennes. Several; English plenipotentiaries, who held various threads of the intrigue, had to bo withdrawn at the request of the Courts to which they were accredited. The only satisfaction an English- man bas in reading the letters relating to this unhappy business arises from finding that Na- poleon certainly expected to discover that the Engl'sh Ministers were paying, or would pay, assassins to attempt his life, and that he was entirely disappointed io his"expectations. 