NEW TNsnLVU'NTS. . James - Henry Rushton, of Kyneton, com mission agent, Causes of . insolvency : lan' of employment, and pressure of erodif ors- Debt, L1G5 lis j osBCts, L2D. Mr. Courtney> ofilciul assigneo. , David Ncsbitt, of Biirht Creek, cab driver. Causes of insolvency,: Loss of horses, destruc tion of premises by fire, loss in mining specu lations, ' iind "sickness' of' 'insolvont and ; his family. Debts, L191 19s 5jjd ; assets, L52 2s 9d. Mr. Shaw, official assiguco. ' Joseph Horon,- of Golden square, Sandhurst-, om-tai- Ciiiian.a of insolvency. : Want of em- ployment. and pressure of creditors. Debts, L12G ; l-la j ! assets, Lit. Mr. Laing, official assigneo. ; TnE Geelong Trains. — The train from Melboumo duo in Goelonjj at 8.45 p.m.! was- an liour and; a quarter behind timo last night. Tho causo. of; detention was the molting of tho fire-plug at Oowio's Creek, which, of course, brought the- ongino ton stand-still ; then it had to stay.till another engine was sent on frooi Gceloiig, and >ven then the troubles of tlio travbllovs wore not over, for tlio engine wns not sufficiently, powerful for the ; extra work of dracging in tlio in'vaiidod ongino in addition to tlio train i finally,' tho services of tlio down train from Bfilbiarnfc wore put in requisition. So that tho Bttllaaratarinns had, without tho least extra charge,-, a doublo rido to and from Cowie'a Creek, with an unusually long resting spell at .tho delightful West Geelong station; of which tliey- nvo so fond, preferring it uiuch iv-.r/tisn Urn vftfYntlimnnt station at Gcclonc nronor.- — Geelouq Advertiser. IGtli May. 'The Latest ahout the Portland Gucst. —Ghosts, liko eommon mortals, it may bo presumed ticcasionally clinnga tho loenlity of tlicii' perambulations. Whether this law is universal or tho contrary wb cannot for tlio present slop to enquire j but it appears that our South Portland ghost is now " revisiting tlio pale glimpses of the moou" in lbo north, and 'what is not loss strange, ' lib lins donned tlio 1 white for a auit of sables 1 Tf rumour tells truth his ghostsliip was seen gliding along Bcntinck street a foW evenings stneo, and in tho vicinity of the Catliolio Church. Tlio witness-' or witiicss03 in , this case avortliat I i-i.Mti.nv i»jra noi arms wero visible! uot £«?- l-ftrlland Gmrifony, 12th May., j 