THE MONTHS NEWS. Italy had no sojuer ceased to divide public interest with America than Prussia presented itaelf aa the scene of an agitation which attracted all evae. The contest between the Kiug and he Commons in that country is a remarkable -ne. It is full of interest to Englishmen, irhose own hiaiory furnishes more than one parallel to the atrngglo now taking place in Prussia ; and it engages the earnest attention jf other European communities, which, though not possessing as yet very liberal political in titutions, are still in hope of some day securing them. The old question of '?' the power of «ho purse' is at the bottom of this conflict. The Lower Chamber of the Prussian Legislature resolved by a large majority to cut down the Army Estimates whbh had been presented to them in the Miniskml Budget for the year. When, therefore, those Estimates were for warded by the Commons to the House of Peers they were in a very different state from that in which th.-y were brought in by the Ministry. The Liberal party in the Lower Chamber had so reduced the Hrmy expenditure that the Esli matcf, aa amended, would have been quite insufficient to provide fir the carrying out of a plan wliieli the Xing hud cherished for placing his warlike forces on an equality with those of France and Austria. The object of the Liberals was to keep the army on i's old footing. But the King, determined not to be thwarted, used all his influence to cause an amendment of the Budget in the House of Peers. Accordingly, this branch of the Legis lature not only njeeted the new Biidgit, but pnsed a resolution in favour of the original Estimate presented by the Ministry. Here, then, the slrug«la commenced. The Lower Chamber, in a slate of excitement, met and passed a resolution by 237 to 8, in which they deliberately censured the House of Peer*, and warned the Government against the conse quences of any violation of the Constitution. It was at this juncture that the King appeared on the scene. Within a- lew hour3 of tho passing of tho resolution by the Lower Chamber, both Houses wero summoned and a royal lUi-s.-ajje was read in which the King asserted his right to keep up such an army as he considered fit, and for as long a period as sccmei necessary to him. Tho Parliamentary session was then closed. This coup d'elat produced a sensation throughout Europe. The Times remarked — ' We must wait for some days, perhaps for some weeks, bi'fjre the consequences of the Prussian coup d'etat can be fully understood. The first effect of such an act of power is to stun and numb the society on which it is inflicted. It is easy to understand that when the royal message informed the assembled deputies that tha Sovereign would { wield the public affairs outside the conditions prescribed by the Constitution ;' and when, accordingly, the session was summarily and prematurely closed, both President and Deputies left the placo as quietly as if it had been an ordinary prorogation. Men must have tisje for any feeling except astonishment ; and though no one could doubt that the throne had ventured on a serious act of violence, yet the results of it, and the proper course to be taken in such an emergency, were matters for at least a night of reflection. As far as we can judge, the first iccling, that this is a conflict for the existence of constitutional government ia Prufsia, has gathered strength with every hour.' Immediately after the closing of the Chambers the King increased the strength of his guard, and proceeded with great severity against portions of the Pre3s. The bitterness and intensity of the American struggle increase. General McClellau is at length measuring his forces successfully with those of the South. But a battle lost or gained on either side now decides nothing. The war rages at so many dilferent points that a victory more or less does not appear to affect the issue of the struggle in the slightest degree. Whilst the Northern Generals have undoubtedly dis ilayed increased activity of late, their opponents eem also to be rising with their difficulties aid to be growing more daring in their mslaughts. One of the last movements lescribed in the month's news was a remark ible feat. Colonel Stuart, a Confederate Ueneral, and a dashing cavalry officer, invaded Pennsylvania with the small force of three thousand men. With these he overran the uountry right and left, made his way to the rear of the main body of the Federals, and, after securing a great deal of plunder, got back Bgain without loss. In this kind of warfare the South appears to be doing a great deal of mischief even whilst its main armies are retreating. Tho English domestic nows of the month is of considerable interest, and thus helps to supply the place of political intelligence, of which there is a complete dearth. Her Majesty the Queen is said to be in much better health than when she left for the Continent ; and it has been announced that the Prince of Wales will distribute th« prizes and medals awarded by tho Commissioners of the Great Exhibition. But the chief item of tho English news is that which describes the unusual oc currence of riots in various pans of England. Sympathizers with Garibaldi have been en !0unU:reu III wicir puuiiu un-ctiiiga uj cjiu jathizers with the Pope, and these two parties lave, on several occasions, gone to great !xtreme3 in beating each others' heads and iisturbing the peace of the community. In ihe meantime Garibaldi himself has addressed * long letter to the ' English nation'- a letter irfiich his friends regret, as bombastic and non sensical. He thanks the English people for their sympathy, and urges them to unite with other nations in brotherhood and peace. The Times hopes that Garibaldi will not be judged of by this letter; the DaUy Sews mildly defends it ; and some other papers speak of it as a ' farrago of rubbish.' The casualties and crimes of the month ,are as numerous as ever. Shipwrecks, railway accidents, and fires constitute a large portion of the miscellaneous news ; and amongst the criminal records there appear the particulars of a poisoning case as atrocious as that of Palmer. In this instance a wretched woman named Catherine Wilson has been hung at the Old Bailey for a crime which, it appears, was only one of many perpetrated during her life. She seems to hare adopted secret poisoning as a business, for whereyer she could become acquainted witk a person possessing a little money she endeavoured to obtain it bv slowly murdering the owner. Tho presiding Judge, in passing sentence, detailed five cases in which the prisoner bad within eight years successfully practised her horrible calling, and one case in which she had failed to kill her intended victim. His Honor said :— 'These facts, I regret to say, render it extremely pro bable that the startling statement made by Dr. Taylor in the course of his evidence u correct, and that in tho midst of apparent prosperity __ j _i ? J:nn»A tn i\\*n law a rirAflflfni prime ν rice is rife in the metropolis— the destructitn jf life by secret poisoning.' The agent used in these murders was apparently colchicum, a Srug largely prescribed for gout, and not de structive when given in proper quantities and under proper conditions. There is nothing more horrible in the papers than the reported crimes of the 'English Borgia.' She was hung amidst general execration. Our newspaper dates to the 27th of October have been extended by telegraphic despatches Bent from London on the 4th of November and from Suez on the 7th. From these we learn that the British Parliament is to meet on the 13th of January, and that an advance of lid. is exrjeeted in wooL TheLvterkatiosal Exuibitiok.— The follow ing letter has been addressed by Mr. F. S. Dutton to His Excellency Sir Dominic Daly :— ' London, October, 2TL 1SG2. 'His Excellency Sir Dominic Daly, kc, &c; Ax., Adelaide. ' Sir— The final ceremony connected with the Great Exhibition of distributing the medals and awards has been postponed until January. 'As I am desirous of returning now to the colony, I have taken my passage by the Swiftsure. to leave London on the 5th November and Plymouth on the 10th. . c.,»i, 'The delivery of the goods in the feouth Australian Court cannot be commenced until atttr the loth November, and must necessarily occupj some time. It would be inconvenient for me to remain solely for the. purpose of supenn ending that delivery. My colleagues-Messrs. Elder and Walters-and myself have made every arrange ment requisite, and the delivery, of the goods to the various exhibitors or their agents will be superintended by Messrs. Morgan Brothers, full directions for that purpose having been prepared by'UCaptain Bagot has also kindly offered to assist in the duty, and there will be no difhculty m everything being satisfactorily delivered. ' Sir Richard MacDonnell will officiate for the colonv, to receive the medals and awards m January next, and forward them to Adelaide. 'The minutes of the proceedings of m- col leagues and myself, at a meeting held for the purpose of arranging for the delivery of the goods, will be forwarded by Mr. Walters. 'I have, &C;, 'FKASCI3 S. DCTTOK, ,, 'Acting Commissioner, S.A.' Thk Intercolonial Confekenck.— It will be seen by our Melbourne telegram that Mr. O'Sha nas*y stated in the Assembly that it would be in convenient to bold the Tariff Conference in January, and that March would suit better. Keuuctiox ok Railway Chaugks.— We beg to call the attention of our readers to an advertise ment in another column, announcing that on am after the 13th instant a reduction of Is. a ton will be made on the following items of first-class pro .luce, forwarded from Freelu* Station to Ade laide, liowden, and Port Adelaide:— Flour, bran, pollard, wheat, barley, and oats. The Critic.— We understand that a meeting of the shareholders in the CrUic took place yesterday attcrnoon, aiuie v icionu uuki, »»«? ? ?- t was formed, and active steps are to be taken to | issue the paper next week. - ? ! The Rkv. Mr. Evas.— We understand that arrangements have been made by the congregation at Freeman- street Chapel to retain the services of the Rev. C. W. Evan for 12 months longer. The resolution of the Church accepting Mr. Evan's resignation has been rescinded, and an attempt will be made to secure for him some help in the performance of his duties, which the state of his health renders so necessary. \ Rcxaway.— On Friday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, while Mr. E. C. Homersham's horse and cart were standing opposite Mr. WigzeU's shop in llindley -street, the animal was startled by another horse shying against it, and which caused it to bolt off towards the York Hotel, where it came in contact with a cart belonging to Mr. Kithcr, butcher, of Rundle-street. The shafts of Mr. Homersham's cart were broke off by the collision, and the horse being set free it continued its course homewards. The other vehicle was also somewhat damaged. i- ? . . ir...ltv. jv*irn*w ? A ?nipptinf? Of hareholders in the Kurilla Mining Company was idd at the office of the Hon. Geo. Hall, Grenfell ireet, on Friday, December 12. There were 14 iresent, and the chair was taken by the Hon. CJ. lall. The financial statement showed the Com pany to be in debt to the amount of £1. It was esolved to take immediate proceedings with a iew of inducing defaulting shareholders to pay up heir arrears of calls, and depending on the re :overy of the sums in arrear, added to the amount ixpectedto be realized on the s^ of ore for the ?equisite meaus, it was determineyto proceed with he working of the shaft until reaching the 25 lathom level, where it is anticipated a remunerative ode will be cut COXVERSAZIOSE. —A very interesting conver sazione, in connection with St. Paul's Church, was lield at the Adelaide Assembly Rooms -on Inday, December 12. At 6 o'clock about 500 persons sat lown to an excellent tea, after which the conversa zione really commenced. The chair was taken by Mr. N. Biyth, M.P., and the meeting was addressed l-y His Lordship the Bishop, the Rev. Archdeacon rt'oodcock, the Rev. Messrs. Ibbetson and Mar ryat, and Mr. E. W. Andrews. Mr. S. Cloode reail the report for the past year, and the Rev. A. R. Russell delivered an instructive and interest ing lecture on 'Ghost Stories.'' Some excellent music was also performed during the evening by a choir under the direction of Mr. E. Cornish. \\\ e ire conmelled to hold over our more detailed report. _, _ r Lecture at the Institute. - The Rev. J. Gaidner delivered a lecture— the last of the spring series — at the South Australian Institute, on Friday evening, December 12. The attendance was by no means numerous— a circumstance attributable no doubt to the contemporaneous conversazione in connection with St. Pauls Church. Dr. Wyatt, Chairman of the Board of Governors, presided. The subject selected for the occasion was 'Locomotion- past and present. The rev. lecturer went consecutively through the various processes of locomotion which from the earliest aues up to the present time had obtained imongst the human race. First among these he nentioned pedestrianism-the most general and he most time-honoured method of moving from ilace to place. Next in order came equestrianism in its various forms. The introduction of the litter ivas next alluded to, and the construction of the first wheeled vehicles described. The various descrip tions of articles coming under this denomination, from the rude and clumsy chariot of the ancients to the most handsome specimens of the stage coach architecture of modem days, were succes sively passed under review. The subject was illus trated by some 20 or 30 excellent paintings, which, at the conclusion of the lecture, were pointed out and explained by Mr. Gardner. One recitation— 'Young Lochinvar'— was given duringlthe course of the evening, and this was very loudly applauded. The lecturer intimated that the more rapid and easy means of locomotion afforded by the railway would form thesubjeetof a future lecture. This announcement was greeted with cheering, and the meeting closed. JiARLY-ULOSING MOVhJiEM iiruuiAutuMuc —The assistants in the various retail establish ments in the town of Port Adelaide held their second meeting on Monday evening last in the schoolroom under the Congregational Chapel. There were about 30 present, representing all the establishments. A Chairman having been elected, he called on Mr. Whitfield, the Honorary Secretary, to read the memorial drawn up by the Committee chosen at last meeting, which was unanimously adopted; after which all present signed it, and Messrs. Sawtell, Excell, and Bayly, with the Secretary, were chosen as a deputation to present the memorial to each employer, and to procure their consent to close at the hour appointed, 7 p.m. It was next proposed and carried that they should maat nrniin nn Wednesday following, in the same place, to receive the report of the deputation, und, if they were successful, to make all necessary arrangements for carrying out the same. On account of the late hour that shops are now kept open.it was nearly half-past 9 o'clock before the meeting commenced. The Stone-Crusher.— This ponaerous imple ment, capable of crushing rough stone from the quarry at the rate of five cubic yards in the hour, is at present unemployed, in consequence of afiacture' occasioned by unskilful operators. The requisite casting is to be supplied in a day or two, when it will again be seen at work near the City Railway Station. East Torrens Cbiceet Clcb.— A special meet ing of members of this Club, convened by adver tisement, was held at the Institute, Kensington, on Thursday evening last, December 11, when Mr. Wolder and Mr. A. Jaffrey were severally proposed as new members, and unanimously accepted. A match between the East Torrens Club and the Eastern Suburban Cricket Club had been arranged to come off near the Kent Town Hotel on Satur day, December 13 (this day), at 2 p.m. Mount Gambier ToBACCO.-The Mowing is from the Border Watch .—' It will be a proud daj for Mount Gambier when every smoker amongst us can say that he is a friend of native industry, and that he is puffing away the natural product of the land he lives it. A farmer. Mr. Christy, has two acres under tobacco; the plants at present look healthy, and the enterprising cultivator is sanguine of success in demonstrating that the Mount may yet rival Virginia in the growth of genuine tobacco.' 