Bantam. 2, save. us saturday «»enraew.J i t j Peace be with the manes of defunct American "gasconading Nothing now remains for us but to bury the tomahawk, and walk indecent solemnity by (the. side of the coffin that bears to jtsla^bjresting- place all that is left of that once^riTacions' essence "from which- Mc£eí»ward-haB¡ so dexterously expelled the "first faint breath of vitality. -In' Jess'able 'hastie fcnVsUfc.* spring might have been" indefinitely prolonged it. but here the victim appears to have been treated as sope oldf women still insist upon dealing with case of hydrophobia, when they strother the pn sense to put an end toshi torrent. Once relieved from the superincumbent weight of nurses and feather-bed?, superstition" exacts from her the belief'tharthe choked spirit flies at once to" the arms of St. Peter, and is admitted through the ice. Its tea I 'gate without question or cavil. But can we hope that the departed will gain entrance * unquestioned ? even should the great janitor" be indifferent?' to mundane considerations; that crowds of shrieking, gibbering ghosts would unite to bar the passage' to such as recreant'! Sooner than be associated with the representatives of BuBuü, the shade of Washington would seel£acfefugé on the bosom o^X^aorge.lIJ.^^fte shadows of Gates, and Lee twould fractious with those, of Corpwartjs and depletion The misty shapes of the Pilgrim Fathers would lead to battle the tribes of Utah, even Penn and Macaulay might hush up their differences in a common cause, for none would receive on equal terms u messenger representing an" earthly capitulation whilbC 600,000 of his fellow countrymen were in battle array. The arms antique has been chanted too long and? vociferously to be all at once for gotten by departed souls of defunct seen tors. Some of them may, indeed, be old enough to remember the time when trow these Empyrean regions The Voice of Jonathan was heard to express, Our President is a going to war, I guess. With what chafed and angry feelings will they now lead by the latest arrival from New York that When the tumult dwindled to a calm, We left them practising the hundredth psalm. In truth, the fable of the Ox and the Frog has received an illustration more striking than any the author conceived. Undue inflation has been followed by a general collapse. The numerous pair of bellows that have been sedulously employed in blowing up the great Federal wind-bag had done their work only too surely. There can be now no doubt that the exhortations! of the New York journals, and their perpetual iteration of the non-belligerency principles of Great Britain, had so imbued the Transatlantic mind with a sense of its superiority as to force not only the_m88jes, but even the educated citizens of the New World, into the conviction that England would never dare to resent an American insult. Slanders and provocations''b'ave been un- remitting heaped upon our heads. When no response was made, silence was construed into acquiescence or attributed to fear. The journals have been hounding on the mob, and the mob encouraging the journalists, until they have both become dupes of an hallucination hardly credible in Europe From first to last they have misunderstood the absence of any refutations of their libels. That which has been ascribed to cowardice arose partly from indifference, partly from the feeling that even the most elegant extracts from the chronicles of Broadway would scarcely bear transplantation to a crime where the decencies of social oblige gation are recognised by the most em bit rered foes, but mainly, from the conviction that there was nothing in them that was worth either notice or retort. When the leading articles were not absolutely re- volting, they were puerile, and in all in stances either ludicrous! T or illogical. These organs of public instruction have in fact, until recently failed to penetrate any but the most remote corners of the British metropolis. In the march of com « merce, where quotations of Midcling, Upland, and Exchange bear joy of sorrow to the souls of countless cotton brokers, their presence has been long known and acknowledged ; but to the educated classes of Great Britain, who look for something besides the " closing prices" the existence of such journals have. been only not ned from time to time by the announcement of some atroetouBi^outrage on the floor of the Senate, or the commission of a previously unheard-of crime. We must, however, in fairness admit that since the. affair of the Trent, they have caused a sensation in this country greater even than their most; sanguine well-wishers' could have anticipated; and curiosity is taxed to its utmost to ascertain what manner of man their contents are calculated either to amuse, instruct,,, or interest, '" 12' Salts Supergue. Let's us ""turn from type to truth, and indulge in some Cis Atlantic speculations on the fortunes of the great disruption., On one side we see the Government at Washington wife its half million of armed troops, and UB abundant resources in men and paper money. _ If we analyse these means we are forced to the conviction that an army which has no confidence in their leaders is little better than an armed rabble, and that a navy whose" best officers have been dismissed orYesigned.is hardly fit to enforce the rigorous terms of a blockade against thdse^commandèrd who have car yarded the flag of the'Uinfeo* States truth l shanty through perils' and dangers unknown to the young generations now., ijiehUed into service." °The~ibën, indeed, may be forthcoming but will they be of a similar, stamp to those who contested ; the heights of Bunker's Hill," or bore the privations and hardships of a winter's encampment just '"Valley Forge?" G renting the immense advantages that entries accrue to any country that can command cb services of Meagher of the Sword, can we shut our eyes to the fact that the majority of corri batants who fight under the, Yankee banner are not native born Amerieaii3,Lbufc GCrniaus, Svvoedes, Scandinavians, and Irish, whose sole object, like that of Dugald"!) Dalgetty, is to take service with the best paymaster? The bonus of an extra dollar a week, or the promise of a pint of brandy, would change'Nortlrinto South with menaces able rapidity. Kaw evils can only a be kept together by diffuse expenditure of an intense feeling of patriotism; Oom-, having for the integrity of the soil we love is the noblest object to which man inglis War- point can devote himself; but how much of this senti- Tent can we expect to find in the bears of those home- less wanderers who have travelled to the far WesT for the sole purpose of finding rest and have found none ? For the financial future of the Washington Government, none but a Law or a Hudson would be a fitting prophet. The Federal authority in debt to the States the States in debt to the contractors - the contractors in debt to their agents and the agents standing at the doors of the Treasury, form a pleasant circle of mutual obligations from which the paper emission of Mr. Secretary Chase will afford but a brief respite. The suspension of cash payments has inaugurated the forthcoming tragedy, of which the acts will soon be played out with a logical sequence intelligible to the meanest capacity. It is not given us to know what the role of the principal performers will be, nor stock's much signify. General McClellan's promises to pay or die must be by this time at a fearful discount ; nor will the establishment of a national bank, founded upon military triumphs not yet won, meet with any greater success than the proposal to issue assignats represent- ing public property as yet unconquered. On together Blue we see the forces of the Confederates, excited by */ietoryf/nnd animated by the hope of independence, encamped within sight of the capital, Interior in numerical strength, but' full of confidence in themselves and their cause, they hold at buy ten times their number. South of the Fotoicac, leaders are worthy of their followers j and an army led found, badly provisioned, and worse equipped, is ready to march without the allurements of a dollar or a nation. To dream of sub- jugating such a race is a vain and hope. less delusion ; nor is it less absurd to advance the doctrine that a Union senti- ment lies somewhere stilled in the South, or to denounce the Secessionists as train. elders. There is no more real affinity between the belligerents than between the Cherokees and the Caffres. A cold mou 1 message is mainly employed for the purpose of heaping the direct invective upon each ' other. The feud now commenced in earnest has been simmering for half a century and the last of 'cou quest and the greed of gain have at last borne then fatal fruits. in one point alone do these strange people agree, and that is an, overwhelming estimate ' of themselves, and a corresponding deprecia- tion of all others outside, the Sacred pale. From the East, from the West, from the north, from the South, are heard the same eternal and sickening tones of self laudation that have signalised the funeral orations of American writers since the era when their statesmen dwindled into polishers. " Adversity may, and probably will, was a change for the Better; but, in the meantime, we venture to remind them, in the words of Tacitus, schist ^'irrWn'W'at'ways brought to light by time and renewed, walls the ho of the day Livesey Rustle, nosegays precipice 