THE PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN BEDE, By the Grace of God and Favor of the Holy Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney, To the Faithful, Clergy and Laity, of the Archdiocese, at the Commencement of the Lent of the Year 1862.' ' Which of you shall have an Ass or an Ox fall into a pit, and will not immediately draw him out?'— St. Lake, c. 14, v. 5. Dearly Beloved Children in Jesus Christ, — Passing by the immediate subject to which the argument of our divine Lord is by him applied, we may ask, if -a certain degree of so« licitude be experienced about an animal em ployed in domestic life— how much greater ought to be felt for our own fellow creatures — how much more for those who are .connected with us by the ties of relationship; above all, how much. greater solicitude ought to be shewn by Parents for the well-being of their children. Parents, fathers, and mothers, at the commencement of this holy season we wish to instruct you in your obligations. A sacred deposit is placed in your hands — through you the great Creator hath given existence to beings destined;to be immortal, to be elevated hereafter to a higher and far happier state of existence than they can attain in this world. For this, they are to be prepared, and s chiefly through your care— that care which in forming your children for heaven, will make them good members of society, faithful children of our Holy Mother the Church; your own, comfort, the ornament of your kindred — the support and solace of your old age. Oh! how great is your responsibility before God and man ! The Christian education of your children ia your first and principal obligation ; and in the discharge of it you have several duties to fulfil. First, by yourselves or others you are to teach ;' them their Christian duties ; you have to form them to virtue by advice and correction ; you have to give them good example ; so that you yourselves shall he as a light and a staff unto them in their pilgrimage through this dark and difficult path of life. I have stated that you are obliged to instruct your children in Christian Doctrine, either per sonally, or by others competent to discharge on your part that sacred duty. And here let me anticipate an objection which is sometimes made, as we know from experience. It is that even the expense of purchasing catechisms, prayer and school books cannot be afforded. In reply. I ask you to place your child before you. To whom does it owe its existence ? To God, to you ; and that child is a human being consti tuted of a body and a soul : of a- body which requires food, and clothing, and various cares ; of a soul which is far more noble, to which in deed the body with its appurtenances is intended to be subservient— of a soul which re quires food, and clothing, and various cares, in order that it may fulfil its duties, You feel your obligations as regards the bodily support of your children : is your obligation regarding the soul less stringent? Even as the soul is to be preferred to the body, so is the care to pro vide it with whatever may be required for its well-being to be greater. But too frequently the care of one and of the other is neglected. That which ought to jje devoted to the real comfort of the house is spent in miserable attempts at display in dress, in pretending to be what you are not. That which with economy would provide for the month i3 spent in the day ; and the real and pinching wants of the family remain unrelieved, that silly vanity may be gratified. Too frequently that is spent in the' public-house which ought to be used to purchase wholesome food and decent clothing for the children— books of instruction for them. . What shall we say of such conduct ? It outrages the first law of uature. Your lirst duty then, is to instruct your chil dren, and principally in all that appertains to Re ligion. A. Christian Mother will be most anx ious that the hand of her child shall be directed to form the sAl saving sign of redemption long before its meaning can be understood. She will not be less anxious that tha first use of the tongue shall be sanctified by those holy words which in afterlife ougiit to he as tamuiar as tne air we breathe. She will carefully watch the development of mind, in order that the seeds of virtue may be sown at the earliest period. Oh ! Christian Mother, tench your infant child to love . Gnd, speak to it of its Creator, of Jesus, its Redeemer. Teach it how holy it has been made by Baptism. Teach it that besides you, it has another mother, so good, so holy, so beautiful, so abounding in all that is amiable and desirable even the mother of Jesus, God blessed for ever, the Siviour of man. Teach it long before it may comprehend what sin is, that it is to be dreaded beyond all things, because it ia dia '.pleasing to God ! Christian Mother T Christian 'l'\\\ ' jEather ! take your own proper sublime position ' !, ' in 'your families; remember,, says St. Austin. 1 ,' that there you are the Apostles, Bishops, who ' ' . lave to watch so as to give an account to God of ?'''.' immortal souls entrusted to you. Your homes '.''. ? are a Church committed to your charge : therein you are to minister to the Most High ; to in-' ' struct, to reprove, to expostulate, to teach your ' i: children the great truths of Religion, the true !', ? principles of moral conduct, those details of 7? Christian obligation, of Christian privileges. ^ ; of Christian hopea, and of Christian fears, which, '-' . comprised under the simple name of Catechism, ';' constitute a volume of the most valuable learn ing that can be acquired in the world. And this it is your duty to teach your children. If from circumstances you are not enable to 1 devote the time requisite, then must you provide 1 ' ' other and competent persons to perform this duty ] ' ':. for you — and we readily grant that very many ; '??'?- ? parents cannot fulfil this their obligation to its -?? full extent. The support of the family depends ?' on daily labour; the entire day from morning I ????:.'v . tili night is taken up with domestic concerns; -fiii^.'.i 'how then, you say, can we teach our children? ?;.:..;.? Even the busiest may find time if they think ;»? fit; and after the labours of the day, what more i1 ? '? delightful, what' more consoling occupation can -! ' there be to a Christian Father than to have his ? ???' ?':, little ones about him, and in the manner which ?v; ; grace and' affection never fail to inspire, to im -!.:.. press upon their minds the truths of holy ? ;.. Eeligion? This, however, I concede is not !,;(;..; sufficient. It is therefore your duty to sent ; - your children to school, hot merely that 'they. ? may learn to read and write, and to cast accounts, 1 so as hereafter to assist you in business, or be .'?''ii more readily provided for — these do not, as many '-imagine, ^constitute Education, but :that they maybe taught more fully those doctrines and \- ;/., ?.????,? ??? principles which your occupations, do not allow : r iyou time to;inpulcate sufficiently. Hence the I',- first and principle teachiug which a Christian1 ?. parent will look for in a school is, that the ,? ?: Catechism shall be assiduously and strictly ; : .taught; the first and principal qualification1 in , a master is, that he shall be competent to teach ; it — for what avail is all mere human learning, if : ,)i the knowleege of religious truths be riot at tained? They who imagine that a casual in- ; .. , - structionwill be sufficient to convey a sufficient 'knowledge of religious truth, are under a .'?':'.'. lamentable delusion. Oh, what a responsibility. * is yours, if you send your children to National \\\ Schools, or other Schools, in -whieh the Catechism 1 is not taueht. ?-'.''?.' '_ Parents and Pastors, remember that the res ponsibility of providing religious instruction for the children. God has committed to your care, ? ' falls upon you in its full weight. A less; crime would it be to deprive those children of bread, than to bring them up -in ignorance of their Catechism. Whatever your occupation, what ever the pressure of domestic concerns, you must find time to teach each day, or nearly so, the. Catechism to your children. When this duty is discharged in school, you are so far re lieved. Knot, then I repeat, you are under a most sacred obligation te teach it yourself. In r order to show you more fully our intense desire to see Catholic Children well and fully in structed in their religion, we append verbatim the directions given to our Priests in a late Monitory Pastoral addressed to them.* And as your children grow up, you will not neglect to read to them, or cause them to read to you, works explanatory of our Holy Faith, illustrative of its doctrines. Let them be n taught as to be enabled to give an account of their faith and hope. Alas 1 the days of Chris tian simplicity avo gone by. The sword as well as the trowel must be used in building up the walls of Jerusalem. We live in times when by reason of the material, earthy character of the education which is given, it is required from the Christian not only to believe,- but to justify the grounds of his belief, before the deludor and the scorner. Portions of the Sacred Scriptures — particularly of the New Testament, the Psalms, the Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, the Book of Wisdom, Ecclesiasticus, you will read, or cause to be read, with greatest reverence and respect. The Imitation of Christ, the Spiritual Combat, Fleury's, Historical Catechism, Cape's or Reeve's Bible History, the History of the Christian Church, Challinor's Meditations, Practical Re flections, Perry's full course of Instructions on the Catechism of the Discese, Bishop Hay's Works, are books which we most earnestly desire to see in use in all Catholic families. They are to be procured at comparatively speaking small cost, and contain a va3t amount of Christian knowledge. Practical instruction is also to be communi cated to your children : they are to be taught practically that the whole of life is to be devoted primarily to one objact — the accom plishment of the. will of our Creator, of our Redeemer, and of our Sanctifier. They are to be warned against the maxims of the world ; chey are to be taught the duty of self-control. Oh 1 how have we been grieved to see children indulged in all that they craved; permitted, unpunished and uncorrected, to fly off into pas sion, or to become sulky and pettish when refused what they have pettishly asked. Let them be taught to curb .their tempers, to be obedient, to be grateful for all that you do for. them. Let them be taught to say their prayers with respect and devotion Let them be taught, accustomed, to walk in the presence of God ; to offer, their hearts to. him by frequent ejaculatory prayers, such as a mother can best teach at an early period of life, never to be forgotten ; to consecrate their actions to God ; to live in humble dependence on Him. Let them be taught to be truthful and upright ; to esteem a life of industry, to love labour, . tb_ hold in utter contempt the miserable existence made up of vanity and arrogance, sensuality and foppish ness, which 'is deemed by many to constitute genteel life ; arid much ol this must be taught by the conversation which you hold with your children, or in their presence. If the world and its follies are made the subject of praise; if the possession of wealth,'as the means of enjoyment, be continually spoken of ;, it Religion ^nd its consolations be seldom referred to; if thpught lessly things and .persons sacred are treated with ridicule, it may be with contempt; if rude and indiscriminate censure, is passed uponi Ecclesiastical authority, which they should be taught to reverence — think you that an occa sional aDStract moral maxim or grave sentence will counteract the effect? Orice more, let me impress .upon your minds that the home of a child is as the Church of God, which contains- a most holy thing committed to your charge. Remember that in regard of your children you are thfl ministers of God, and in a certain! sense dispensers of the mysteries of the Church. Other duties are incumbent on you besides that of teaching your children. That of' good ex ample we shall touch upon before we conclude. Parents ! from you, or from those deputed by you, your children have a sacred claim for 'in-' struction. There is, however, a duty to be dis. charged in their regard, to which you cannot depute another. That duty is good example. Without this, instruction, correction, exhorta tion, expostulation will be of little avail. When your clii'.dr* n have come to the years of reason, you are the first object to which their attention s naturally directed : on you they will naturally form themselves or be formed ; with you they speak; with yon they live. Your habits will become their habits ; your mode of life will be'so ne theirs. Happy, thrice happy indeed are they and you, if piety thus is enabled to en throne herself in tl eh' young hearts ! Let your conduct be such as they may imitate; your vir tues, the first book out of which they learn the practice of their duties. Be the model of a good member of society and of a good Christian., N9ver let a word pass your lips, nor be utterre'd in your and their presence, at* variance with the strictest regard to virginal modesty. Let there be nothing about them in your domestic ar rangements, which uiaj' sully the purity -if their minds. Be convinced with the Heathen author, that circumspection in this matter cannot be too great, ?maxima pueris debetur rev srentia. If you speak and act without reserve, your chil dren will take in sin by every sense, if you do not live up to 3'our Religion, in vain will you strive to conceal the disorders of your conduct from your children; nothing escapes their ob servation. It' you do not live up to your reli gion, your advice is valueless, your reproofs useless. The testimony of their eyes will pre vail over that of their ears — they will contrast your conduct with your admonitions. And feeling how unworthy you are to reprove and admonish, you will give way to vexation and angei'.and in the chance of saying tnucU that had better not be said, you will certainly lesson their respect for you — it maybe, render your autho rity contemptible. The substance of your re proof will pass by unheeded, but the language you have in anger used — the imprecations and oaths will be duly remembered — to be by them selves used in due season. If you live not up to your Religion, it may be before they reach man's estate, they w.ill inherit your vices, your neglect of Religion, your habits of dissipation.' Oh ! Parents, if your own lives be at variance with your Christian obligations, how :can you expect to bring up your children in the love and fear of the Lord? How will you inspire them with a love of prayer, If they never see you b8nd your knees morning or evening? How can you suppose they will frequent the sacra ments they have known you for years to neglect ? How can you direct thern to keep their passions under, whilst you exercise no restraint either over temper or tongue? How can a mother teach her daughters to hold the vanitieB of the world in contempt, if she herseif shows prac tically how much she loves them ? Will a co-. vetous father instruct his children to be -gene. . rous, or one that overreaches when he can, bring up his son in honesty? Can you deceive your selves into the belief that a contradiction so glaring will escape their notice ? Impossible. You may overawe them- into something like respect : they may not absolutely laugh at you when you caution them against vices or omis sions which they know to be habitual to your self, but depend upon it, so soon as they are free from your control, perhaps before, they will fling your admonitions to the winds, and cherish your example. And if the Saviour hath declared that better would it be for him who hath been the cause of sin to a little one to have been cast into the depths of the sea, what will be the punish ment of those who, notwithstanding their pecu liar obligations as parents, «tre a scandal to their own children ! ? Dear Brethren, be assured the instructions and example of parents exercise the greatest influence in after life over their offspring. Even in the event of a child taking to evil waySi under the impulse of passion, or through bad associ tiotas, there is every reason to hope that virtue will again resume her sway, the good seed will not be destroyed', if parents have not been want ing in the duties of instruction and example — ? Bring up your child in the ivay in which he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it. The chaste Susannah was carefully taught the holy law of God whilst young, and the early lessons impressed upon her mind, sustained her courage when danger was most imminent. The young Tobias, in like manner, was taught the holy law in a strange land, he kept his soul un defilled by the abominations of gentile life, and amidst the apoatacy of many, remained faithful to God. Under the careful instruction 'and good ex ample of religious parents very many have been brought up in the fear of the Lord so as to become bright examples of every virtue. Baptismal innocence has ' remained unsullied through life, in circumstances most difficult, in states of life very dangerous. '?.??. The Biassed Virffin was brbusrht ut- by,, her devout parents, St. Anne and St. Joachim, in the love and fear of God. Their cares were, amply recompensed, in the dutifulness and in creasing virtue of their child. Such may also be your reward. Letyour first solicitude be to give your children a good Christian education ; instruct them yourselves in their duties and obligations, and by a . holy exemplary life illus trate your teaching, arid that of your clergy ; so shall you discharge your consciences of, your chiefest obligations, — so shallypu give to your children the most valuable inheritance — so. shall, you prepare comfort for your deathbed, j Bring up your children in the way in which they should go, and whentltey are old they will not depart from it. \ . ; . ; : .-. t 'The father's blessing establisheth the houses of the children.' — Ecclesiasticus, 3 c, 11 y.' ?'The glory of a rrian is from the honour of his father, and a father: without honour is the disgrace of i-b.eson.v~Ib., 13 v: : . ' As for me and my house we will serve the Lord.' — Joshua, .24 c. ' But if any man have not care of his own, and especially of those of his house, he hath .denied the faith, and 13 worse than an infidel.' ? —1 Timothy 5 c, 8 v. ! ????.? ?-?? 'Lay up these my words in your hearts and minds, and hang them up for a sign on your a bands, and place them between your eyes:, Teach your children that they meditate pn them, wben thpu sittest in thy house, and when thou walkest on the way, and when thpu liest down and risest up.'1 — Deuteronomy, 11 ' ' C, IS, 19 -vs. ''? ;? ' May the grace of pur Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the eomrauniou of the Holy Ghost, be with- you all. -Amen.' ; + -JOHN- BEDE, ?'?''?? Archbishop of Sydney. The following are the Regulations and Dis pensations for the Lent of this present year, 1862 -- The general law of the Chinch, which ordains Abstinence fro;n Flesh Meat during the entire Lent, is so far dispensed with, that the Faithful are allowed to use it on Sun days, Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. This permission is to-be used at dinner only, except on Sundays. During the first four days and the last four days of Lent, Abstinence from Meat is to be ob served, after the manner of our forefathers. On Fasting Days a collation may be taken in the morning and evening. A small quan ? tity of milk, and also of butter, may be used. With respect to the latter, the dis pensation is granted in behalf of those who feel unable to take bread in sufficient quantity without its aid. Eggs are allowed on all days at dinner, except Ash Wednes-: day and Good Friday. Cheese arid Butter are also allowed on all days at dinner. Tho period during which the Paschal duty of Annual Confession and Communion is to.be fulfilled, begins on the first Sunday of Lent, and ends on Trinity Sunday inclusive. We earnestly entreat all the Faithful to be present each day during Lent at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, if they have the opportunity and means. We recommend, masters of families and parents to assemble, ''each' day, their household or children for prayer and spiritual instruction. A part ol the Rosary, of the Psalter of Jesus, or the Litames of Jesus, with tbe Penitential Psalms, may be recited on these occasions Persons engaged, in laborious occupations, iu delicate health, or so circumstanced that fasting would be injurious to them,; are ex empt from the law;. In all cases of doubt, ; recourse for dispensation must be had to the Priest. When, by reason of distance, or oi other serious obstacle, application; to the Priest cannot bemade, each one will decide in his own case according to the dictate of conscience. — By order of His Grace the Archbishop. JEROME KEATING, V.G, S A Sheehy, V G. 