MISCELLANEOUS. | DniNKi.vo Usages among tue Southerners. — A New York paper gives the following descrip tion of Southern drinking: — Among communities of heavy drinkers stricture of the whisky barrel ?is a very formidable disorder. In the Southern St.ites all the occupations of life, trivial or mo mentous, are prefaced , with a ' Tom and 'Jerry,' and coucluded,with;u' ' ticUe'.my ;eve.' -A man caii hardly .hid his neighbor good morning without i bracing bis nerves and clearing , his articulation with a ' Jtone fence.' No - cornfield Marshal Hay nau thinks of ' walloping his nigger' 'without first- strengthening his iirm ani.l p'urpos'e with the.' f exhiliratiug cocktai', the odorous julep, ;or:tlie in vigorating ' tod.!' The advocate, .before begin ning his pica', establishes . relays., of . agile .contra-r ? bands between the court room and the nearest bar, , and blazes 'through, his harangue the central sun of a system of: revdl'ing tumblers.'. Tlie' ? jii lge -takes'; in his alcoholic,, before! .delivering' !iis: judicial, charge. :. W|ten,'a culjirit -js sentenced,' Bench, bar, and jury- retire, and. take a -drink with the condemned, clinking glasses solemnly all (round, after which ceremony tliey have usually acquired sufficient f⁢ tu.le to '.stand another ' -4-whidU ;S st'io 1. The physician feels the. pulse of his patient, with one, hand and stirs his 'toddy: with the sther-. Uumii'ules the court, -the camp, tlie grove.; Before turning. in the men take night cap?, before turiiin^' out-eye 'openers. Tliey .-drink to provoke appetite and to allay hunger, to p»o mote warmth and abate: it, they heighten the fix hiliratum of triumph and allay the irritation of discomfiture by. taking ' heavy goes.' The man who draws. ' the first- prizes in ? a lottery solemnly drinks the health of the man who has spent his last shilling and drawn a blank* - It is to this improving and beiieficieht custom tli'ut we are .indebted,' iu 'good, part,' for tho humane social code which prevails at the south. It lias had u large hand in bringing her to her present condi tion of affluence, dignity, and honor. She lias been very ' swipey' for something more than. a generation, am! has iu that time turned out more 'lion-hearted street assassins tluiu 'any territory of her size and age in the universe. Proghess of Education. — Twenty years ago only 67 iu every hundred men who married iu England, signed their names upon the register, and 51 in' every ICO women, and thirteen years later, the percentage was but 69'G of the men .and 5G'l of tl.e women ; but in the last seven years, a peri-id which probably shows in its mar riages the result chiefly of the education of the years 1840 - -45 or there abouts, the advance has been much greater, and the registrar general reports that 18G0 the proportion of .men writing their nanies had increased to 74'5 and of women to 63 S. Iu the whole twenty years the proporti. n of men who write has risen from being oidy two t'.iirds to be three fourtl s, and .of women from being a-halfto be nearly two thirds, which may be expressed with tolerable accuracy by saying that where four persons had ' to make their mark' then, only three do so now. This is for all England ! bus the rate of progress has not been thojs-ime in every part of the king dom'. I.r Staffordshire the 40 per cent, of women able to write twenty years ago, has only become 48, anil the 50 per cent, of men only 00, Among the Cornish men the 64 per cent, of twenty years since bus only barely improved into 1 05 : and 18G0, scarcely 57 percent of tbe women who married wrote their names. In Monmouth shire and Wales the proportion of men' who can write was much fewer, in South Wales only 42 per cent. In as many as twenty counties, in England, mostly agricultural districts, aud also Wales the proportion of men who can write is below the average often greatly below it. Of the women who iu 18G0 married in Bedfordshire only 54 8 per cent, signed tho register j ill tho West Riding only 53'4 ; in Lancashire only 45'9 Of the women of Kngland who became wives in I860 more than 60,000 have the disadvantage of being unable to write their own names ; more than 13,000 even of the women of the . busy and acute Lancashire. In one marriage iu every six in all England both man and woman aro un able to writo. — Times. '? 1/EN1TV I'F A I'KE.VCn MUGDEKEH.— A double ! murder, which suggest very melancholy reflec tions as to the moral value of value of ' good conduct' iu prison has been perpetrated at Toulon. A soldier named lluct, who was condemned to death in 1848, for an attempt to murder an officer, had his sentence commuted to imprison ment with bard labor for life. Subsequently, in consequence of bis good eoiu'iict, he was informed that his punishment would cease at the end of 20 years, and consequently in six years from this time he would lime been a free mail. But two of bis cromrades in chains drew the influence from the favor granted to him he must be a police spy aud gave expression of bis suspicions. This accusation awakened the old instincts of tho man whose mind was familiarised with the notion that any injury to himself must be wiped out with blood. lie got hold of a hatchet used to cut wood in the kitchen, killed with it at n single blow one of the traducers, whom he found (bleep iu bed, and so desperately wounded the other that bo died. Iluet was brought to trial before a military court. In starting he observed that he had not been shaved, and that it was not proper to appear in tbe state in which he was. Preparations were being made to shave him when he suddenly changed his mind, saying that it was useless, as in a few days liis beard aud head would be taken off together. The Court, after hearing bis council, who contended that Iluet was a mono maniac, aud did not act from premeditation con demned the prisoner to hard labor for life. The absurdity of this decision is shocking. Iluet com mitted two murders, with frightful premeditation, to revenge himself on men who accused him of being a spy. He gloried in his crime. There were no extenuating circumstances. Tbe only reasonable alternative was acquittal on the ground of insanity, or unqualified condemnation. Jin. Russell's Expulsion.— The regret with which we receive th.i news that wo have read the 1 ist of Mr. Russell's ' Letters from the North'' will be general. ' Our own correspondent' of the T:mes has become a general favorite. liis style and language are occationally grotesque, but he always writes with life, and with something more than vigor. Not a word has been breathed against his impartiality ; an.I if he stigmatised the rout of Bull's Run with indignation it must be remembered that patriotism and ether feelings did not ib'ter him from dwelling, not without ex aggeration, on our own shortcomings in the Crimea. What we all liked in Mr. Russell wu3 the marked moral improvement which as a writer lie has displayed since the Crimean experiences. His Indian letters were ou all sides acknowledged to 'be written with as 'itich good taste a3g.iod feel ing; uml if hii object had been to amuse the readers: of/.the ; Times we can quite understand that the courseness and venality of American - politics, and the weakness of American strategy,, presented ainplu opportunities for stimulating des cription to which it is much to Mr. Russell's liierary credit that he has not yi-lded. We have been. often amused by his old turns of expression, and perhaps we may have laughed occasionally at his , trick of affecting a familiarity with omnigenous literature..- But let us be just. - It is easy enough for lis to criticise what is written in swampy tents or dirty transports. We can sit in tbe steru censor's chair, but. our amusing correspondent, wrjtes under difficulties which it is as impossible; to measure as to anticipate. There is not .one writer iiv ten thnusond who could write so well, so rapidly, and, on tho whole, so accurately' as Mr. Russell, under the same difficult: conditions. And in some branches of knowlecge—siich as that o( understanding and makilig generally in telligible military movements— Mr.;;J-RH'sseH's attainments areof a high older. ?? On merely per sonal grounds, -tlieii;' we' feel that the British pub lic will sympathise warmly with on old' friend, if lie lias beeh subjected:to rudeness or insult. Mr. R. lias been formally prohibited from! attending Oeneral -M'Clellan's uniiy in any capacity.' .'Per haps there -is no occasion -to adopt- tlie-.subtle in terpretation of. Mr. Stanton's motives which seem ,td have 'presented itself to Mr. EusselP himself. He thinks that it was intended at the Washington War Office to affront atul censure the General in command in the person of his giiesti and that Mr Stanton only wanted to insult General M'Clellau through the side of Mi\ Russell. 'This may have had something to do with the matter; but broader conditions were at work. To use a vul gar expression, Mr. Stanton let the cat out of the bag when he observed that he could punish the correspondents of the American papers, but his hand was not long enough to reach a writer in tbe Times. In other words, it was no fear for' indis- creet revolutions or compromising intelligence that instigated the iiffront to Mr. Russell, whose letters would be read in America three or four weeks after the events which they described. What tlie Northern Government dreads is an impartial his torian. Too many interests— the rise and fall of securities in Wall Street not being the least in fluential —are at stake, not to make a succession of Northern victories absolutely and indispensable at thu present moment to the Federal Govern ment. In the early part of the present century Napoleon set the discreditable example of rigging the market of current history with fictitious vic tories and battles won only on paper. The Brussels Gazette was a proverbial type of that sort of official news which it is at present found convenient to invent at Washington. It may be that the intelligence which we now receive, from America, dictated as it is only Federal authority for Fedeial purposes, and filtered through the jealous straining of Federal surveillance, is dic tated with the rigid impartiality of Thucydides. But Mr. Stanton must makeup his mind for his future .telegrams being misunderstood. Here in England, after his treatment of Mr. Russell, we shall, be slow to believe iu those Armageddons of lilood'and slaughter with which he thinks proper .to mil use or delude, for what purposes it is not for U3 in Europe to speculate, the stock-brokers or tax payers of New York. The North has, in the person of its higher authorities, by suppress ing Mr. Russell's letters, declared that it cannot afford to let the truth be- assertuined by impartial witnesses. This is at aoyrate a compliment to European intelligence, whatever estimate Mr. Stanton's decision implies as to what is good for his own countrymen. To do tliem justice, the officers of the Federal army made no objection to the contemporary historian uf their deeds of arms. Tho soldier, much to his credit, show'e I that cou fideuco in himself and his cause which, the Minis ter, cannot, afford to display. — Saturday Review, A Giiost i-i:om J'liiGATo.'iv,-— A Liiu.nch priest recently tuj.'getted the following j.nuthal method of aiiSWel ing all appeal fr. m purj;atoiy by u ghost: — ' A woimm iu the county Limerick, not far from Emly, buried her husband a few months ago. A knock came to the door sonio night last month. She asked who was there. A hollow voice answered, ' I am your husband^ whom yon buried, nnd atn very miscrabla in put g.itory till my debts are paid. Sell the two pigg you have, and be sure to have the money for mo on such a night when I call.' The poor woman did .-is he required, ami felt happy at being nblo : to meet his request, whether through fear or lora (as he appeared with his shroud and pale face). P.etwetn the first and second visit of the ghott the poor woman went aud told her story to tho priest ; he told bet it was all very good, but at the same timo to have two policemen iu tho house when she would be giving the money. Accordingly, after getting tlie money, the purga torial and shrouded ghost came, and was arrested by the police and lodged in Limerick gaol, there to undergo a little more purgatory till his trial comes on. This ghost turns rut to be a neigh bor, who is godfather to ono of her children.' Vegetation. — For what infinite woodcrfulnvss there is in this vegetation, considered, ns, indeed it is, the means by which the earth becomes the companion of man— his friend and bis teacher 1 Til the conditions which wc have traced ip its rocks, there could only be seen a preparation for his existence ; the charade :s which enable him to live on it Safely, and to work with it easily ? ' in all these it has been iuunimate and passive ? but vegetation is to it as an imperfect soul, gi-.-cn to meet the soul of man. The earth in its depths must remain dead and cold, incapable except of slow crystalline change ; but as its surface, which human beings look upon and deal with, it mini sters to them through a veil of strange, intermediate being ; which breathes, but has no voice ; moves, but camiot leave ita appointed place ; passes through life without consciousness, to death with out bitterness : wears the beauty of youth, with out its passion : and declines to the weakness of U'.-e, without its regret.— Ruskin's Modern Pain (crs. 