INTERCOLONIAL. — o — VICTORIA. "Mr. Thos. Lang, the president of the Me- chanics' Institute," "has procured some fine large specimens of antimony are from the claim of Messrs. Youle, Coster, Field, and Co., on the Antimony Reef, Heathcote. These specimens have been procured for presentation to the Me- chanics' Institute, to the museum of which they will be a valuable addition. Besides the anti- mony contained in the quartz, there is gold in appreciable quantities. Messrs. Lang and Co., are exporters of the ore, which is obtainable at about £6 per ton. As a proof of the value of a museum of mineials, we may mention that a miner from the Back Creek neighbourhood was looking the other day at the collection of minerals presented to the institute by Professor Abel, when he recognized in the bismuth a specimen of an ore which he had often met with in his workings without his knowing what it was.'' — Ballarat Star. The following is an extract from a letter re- ceived by Mr. Geo. Sprigg, from his brother, Mr. W. G. Sprigg: — "The attention given by the mercantile men in Melbourne to the subject of a second mail service had been partly anticipated in England, and several in- fluential colonists had been engaged on the question. It seems likely that the Union Steamship Company, who now hold the con- tract for the Cape mails, may be induced to take up the service. It is proposed to establish the line with seven suitable steamers, taking their departure from Southampton, calling a the Cape, and stopping finally at Adelaide or Melbourne, or alternately at each port, returning byway of Mauritius and the Cape of Good Hope. The mail would leave Southampton twelve days after the present mail ship's de- parture, or seven days after the post by way of Marseilles. The length of the voyage to Ade- laide or Melbourne would be sixty days, pro- tiably less. The mail would leave the colonies fourteen days from the present service by the Peninsular and Oriental Co., and be transferred at the Mauritius to the steamer for Aden, and be fifty five days to London. Passengers would have the option of concluding the voyage by way of the Red Sea or by the same ship via the Cape of Good Hope; the entire homeward pas- sage occupying sixty-eight days, probably less. Two ships are already building which would be placed on the line, and others would be built suitable to the trade, and with all modern im- provements in marine engineering. It is con- fidently anticipated that the service would be rapidly and efficiently performed, and would give to passengers the accommodation which is now so much required. The company would be ready in about eight or ten months from the conclusion of the contract. It is to be hoped that this proposition may be so met by the colo- nies as to secure the fortnightly mail."— Argus. The sudden death, from an accident with his horse, of Mr. Zachariah Savers, one of the oldest of our colonists, was the subject of an inquest held by Mr. Candler, the district coro- ner, at Oakleigh, yesterday. From the evidence of Mr. John Arnold Locke, it appeared that the deceased was riding one of his own horses near Oakleigh on Friday last, while in company with the witness. The horse, which bad been some five or six years in Mr. Sayers's possession, on the day named suddenly reared and fell back on its rider, who was picked up a few minutes af- terwards in a sinking state. The medical aid of Dr. Llewellyn and Dr. Martin was at once called in, but the deceased only survived two hours. Dr. Martin deposed that when called in he found a doughy swelling at the bottom of the abdomen of the deceased, and this he had no doubt whatever, was caused by the hemorrhage consequent upon rupture. He stated the cause of death to be internal injuries., The jury re- turned a verdict to the effect that Mr. Sayers died from internal injuries received from his horse falling on its back with him. It is to be regretted that the sons of the deceased are all at the present time in the adjacent colonies. — Argus, July 8 A very unusual scene occurred at St. Peter's Church, Melbourne, yesterday, during even song. A middle aged woman, with a rather wild and haggard look, entered the church during the chanting of the psalms, and occupied a seat in one of the pews near the centre of the building. Her strange appearance and evident disregard of the solemnity of the place, were noticed by persons sitting near her, but her conduct did not call for any special interfence until the singing of the "Nunc Dimittus," when she be- came greatly excited, turned round towards the choir, waved her hands, and exclaimed, in a loud voice, ' God bless Jesus and Mary ; and send the Holy Ghost to comfort the Queen. The poor woman continued to make some in- coherent remarks, and her behaviour attracted the observation of a large portion of the congre- gation. The attention of the verger, however, was directed to the disturbance, and he promptly removed the unfortunate creature from the church without there being any interruption to the progress of the service. — Argus July 14th. The Board, of Agriculture having offered a premium of £50, under conditions published in April last, for the best design and specification for a dwellinghouse and farm steading for a farm of 166 acres, competitors were requested to fur- nish their plans before the 16th nit. The council met on the 18th June, and inspected the seven- teen designs sent in but, considering their im- portance, and the necessity for a full examina- tion of them in detail, a sub-committee, consist- ing of the Hon. W. F. Mitchell, M.L.C., the Hon. Francis Robertson, M.L.O., Mr. J. C. Riedell, M.L.A., and Mr. Wm. Lyall, was ap- pointed to inspect the plans as occasion might suit, and from their own individual opinion upon the merits of earth. The sub commitee after thorougly weighing the merits of each design, having reduced the number for competition to four, it was after much deliberation ultimately agreed to propose the one with the motto "Semper Paratus," design B, as well deserving the premium offered by the board. The motto "Semper Paratus," was then opened, and the name of the successful competitor was found to be Mr. A. Purchas—Temple court, Melbourne. It is the intention of the board to have the prize design lithographed, and forwarded to the several agricultural societies in connexion with the board, along with the specification, so that the farmers can obtain copies on application to the societies. — Argus. At St Patrick's Cathedral, yesterday morning, a labourer, named James Lachlan, fell from the scaffolding, some thirty feet, on to the roof of that part which is completed, and broke his left leg and right arm by the fall. He was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, where he now remains. Argus, July 12. A return showing the bulk cost of receipt, transmission, and delivery of letters and news papers, within the colony of Victoria during 1861' has just been issued from the Government Printing-office. Of letters there were — Town (2d.), 974,994; inland (4d.), 3,242.914; ship (6d.), 948,241. Total, 2,817,761. Cash revenue for the year amounted to £114,076 14s. ; the value of stamps issued to Government Departments was £13,789 15s. 2d. Totalrevenue, £127,869 9s. 2d. The expenditure was as follows. — Conveyance of inland mails, £49,053 5s. 8d, ; salaries and wages. £43,324 15s. 10d.; allowance to country postmasters, £10,246 17s, 11d. ; contingencies, £6,651 7s. 9d. Total, £109,276 7s; 2d. The return does not include letters and newspapers received from beyond the seas. — Argus, QUEENSLAND. THE WEATHER. — Monday morning was ushered in by a heavy fog accompanied about 9 o'clock with reiterated peals of thunder from the west- ward, without lightening, being visible ; at ten fain fell heavily and continued without inter- mission until noon when the fog and rain cleared off, and the sun shone forth brilliantly. Occa- sional showers like this would be of great benefit to the country, the winter having been remarkably dry. — Courier. GINGER. — We have been lately shown some fine specimens of this root grown near Ipswich, admirable adapted either for preserving in the manner of the Chinese, making a very appetiz- ing condiment, or prepared in the usual manner for consumption here, or as an export. At the same time we inspected some arrowroot, grown and manufactured here, which is fully equal, in every essential, to similar produce of the Islands of the East and West of India.— North Austra- lian. QUEENSLAND COTTON. — Forty bales of the finest description of cleaned cotton were brought down in the steamer from Ipswich yesterday, thirty bales being from the Ipswich Cotton Company's plantation at-Booval. and ten grown by Mr. Panton on his grounds in the 'Long Pocket,' within the municipality of Ipswich. It was intended that they should be shipped direct for England, per Montmorency, but un fortunately they arrived too late and were shut out. Th-* consignment will therefore be shipped in the Telegraph for Sydney, and despatched for England by the first vessel leaving for that port. It is estimated that at the least hundred and twenty bales of cotton of three hundred pounds weight each will be exported from Queensland this season ; and from the success which has attended the first experiment we mry expect that ten times this quantity will be pro cured next year. It is worthy of notice that all the cotton grown in Queensland has as yet been produced by white labour; and there can be no doubt that experience has shown the most pro fitable mode of culture, it will be grown at a cost that will be amply remunerative, even after the Government bonus will cease to be paid. — Courier, July 11. ENORMOUS ALLIGATOR.— A ponderous alligator was seen on Sunday near long Island, Fitzroy River, about eight miles above Rock h amp ton. by a boating party. It was lying in the mud on the bank, and was not noticed until the boat came very near upon it. As soon as the animal saw the boat it gradually slunk into the water and remained for some minutes with its head just above the snrface, after which it dis appeared. It was over twenty feet in length.— Bockhampton Bulletin, July 9. THE OPERA. — As if to make amends for her spiteful and determined opposition to the cause of music last season, Fortune has smiled propi- tiously on the opera ever since the opening night, and promises to convert Sydney into a little El Dorado for Mr. Lyster, to which his exertions for the amusement of the public so justly entitle him. In strong contrast to the contretemas which marked a great part of last season, during the present all has gone ' merry as a marriage bell :' no aqueous visitation, endowed with resistless energy and in domitable perseverance, rendering umbrellas a solemn mockery, great coats as useful as a sheet ol blotting paper, and raising the demand for cabs several hundred per cent, beyond any possible . supply ; no aphoneous prim a donnas ; no basses who have lost their G ; m fact, we may say, no nothing to prevent everything from succeeding as fully as anything the most sanguine anticipations of the most imaginative lessee could desire. During the present week, on Monday and Tuesday, we have had two representations of ' Lucretia Borgia' — ' Lucreria,' Madame Escott ; ' Orsini,' Miss Georgia Hodson ; '' Gennaro,' Mr. Squires ; and ' The Duke,' Mr. Farquharson ; — both far surpassing the perfor- mances of the same opera last season. Principals, chorus, and orchestra were all thoroughly up to the mark ; and we doubt very much whether tke manner in which the opera was given throughout could be surpassed anywhere : ir Sydney it cer tainly has n ve been equalled. On Wednesday and Thursday we had something in a very different style, thongh not less masterly in its way — Auber's ' Fra Diavolo.' This opera, the brilliant music of which has always rendered it one of the most popular of its composer's, was given twice lust season ; but, owing to the indisposition of Madame Durand, who, rather than disappoint the public, ap. peared as'Zerlina,' when the exertion of singing was evidently most distressing to her, and, as troubles seldom come alone, ts a cold with which Mr. Squires was affected on the second night, it did not meet with the success it merited. This week, however, no drawback interposed to endanger the success ot the opera ; and its performance, from be ginning to end, was as admirable as could be desired. Since her first appearance this season, the improvement in Madame Durand's voice has been evident : on Thursday she sang better than we have ever heard her before. Are we to have the pleasure of hearing this lady in ' II Barbiere' and ' Don Pasquale' belore the close of the season ? Report ?peaks very highh of Madame Durand's ?' Rosina' and Mr. F. Lyster's 'Figaro:' we hope the management will give us an opportunity of judging for ourselves. The other parts of the opera were cast precisely the same as last season : ' Lady Allcash,' Mrs. Ada King; ?? Fra Diavolo,' Mr. Squires; 'Lord Allcash,' Mr. F. tLyster; 'Lor nzo,' Mr. Trevor; and the wo highly respectable gentlemen who honour the prince of brigands with their company; Mr. Far- quharson and Mr. J. E. Kitts. The performance, from beginning to end, was so spirited that the success achieved was equal to any opera that ha* been presented this season. Last night the 'Traviata' was given for the first time this season. No greatei proof can be given of the talent of an artist than the manner in which Madame Escott performed tb part of 'Violetta:' it is one which requires the nicest discrimination to prevent it from becoming coarse and repulsive ; and this was triumphantly achieved by Madame Escott, wno rendered it om of the greatest of her impersonations. The mannei in which she performed in the third act was si painfully affecting that that man's heart must havi been made of very impenetrable stuff who couh fitness it without emotion ; and a feeling of positiv relief seemed to pervade the house ? as the curtail fell. Mr. Squires sang as exquisitely as ever a- "Alfredo:" and Mr. Henry. Wharton took the part of the elder "Germont." The success which this gentleman achieved in the "Rose of Castile" has been succeeded by another appearance no less for- unate in the character of "Germont," the music of which part is decidedly more suitable to his voice, both in style and compass, than that of "Don Pedro." The parts of ' Flora,' ' GaBton,' and "Grenville" were, well filled by Mrs. Ada King, Mr. Trevor, and Mr. Kitts. Previous to the opera, the overture to "Oberon" was capitally played by the orchestra. "Lucretia Borgia" will be repeated to-night by special command of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Young. 