QUEENSLAND. TJIE SOLEMN I'liOTEST AND COMPLAINT OF THE NEW CHUM. Gentle readers, for to those alone I address myself for sympathising tenderness, and balm of consolation for my wearied, perspiring, mosquito- bitten feelings; I care not for those brawny, bearded, old colonists of cucumber coolness whose only answer to luy well grounded complaint is a laugh a jeer or a jibe, (and bow fearfully tbeir coarse loud lauglis fall on my already lacerated feelings). No, to those alone, who, like myself, who arc not rhinoceroses with insensible hides, do I look for good Samartian feelings aud those alone do I address. Therefore Gentle Headers, Lend me your ears, I am "a new chum." 1 have been dubbed so by gentlemen of whom I have spoken above as old colonials (or llhinoceroses), and I accept the title, while confessing that 1 do not clearly understand it ; but if it means one whose nights are spent iu vain pursuits of native stingers, called niosqnitos, but in reality devils, whose eyelids never close iu peaceful soothing slumber, whose cars are ringing with a coutinual, menacing, buzz, bnz2, buzz, whose handsare eternally buftcting his own suffering • head in the most delusive hope of exterminating these imps of darkness, then I mil a new chum—If it means one, whose dreams, when his wearied aud broken frame have at last sunk to sleep, are liauutcd by dreadful visions of Ghosts—blood- sucking ' dentists—surgeon's saws—vampires—devils —then I am a new chum. If it means one, whose days drag on in an idle search after I coolness, undera boiling, broiling,, sweating, blistering,red hot ballof.liquid -fire, which passes with old colonials as The Sun{'!),! then most emphatically. I am a new chum in the most extremely suffering sense of the fearful term. But let me be cool (cool ! am I an Iceberg, do I look like one! cool—what a derision !) Oh! for the plaintive eloquence of a Jeremiah to hand down uiy woes, even to the remotest ages! Shall I relate the sufferings of tliat first night of torture 1 Renovare doloran. How, revelling in the luxury of a bed of deceut size, after three months confinement in a species of coffin, called a berth not quite eighteen inches in breadth, (my enemies say I am rather stout, but tliat is malevolence) I prepared for balmy slumber and dreamy from the ivory gates with a confidence as unbounded, alas as it was baseless. The tramp, t ramp, tramp, of the officer of the watch in his heavy sea boots, his hoarse voice, calling the men aft to disturb my repose under the pretext of squaring main-braces or" hauling tliis rope and that, would no more be heard, nor did I fear anymore tliat a midden pitch of tbe good ship would send my head bump against tlie luckless beam that traversed my j ; cabin ; all " was beautiful, ' no longer *that i n horrible smell of ships pervaded the atmos-' pliere, and with expanding aud grateful . heart, I rolled over and over in my broad bed, iu the iiiuscented sheets, extinguished my candle aud shut my eyes. I have in my time heard many fearful sounds, I have heard tbe red lndiau warwhoop, very faithfully imitated by an inebriated party of friends within the walls of old T.C.—I lived for twelvemonths at Hupclburg, my chamber separated but by a thin partition of poor Frity vou—no matter —who had a taste for tlie (cracked) guitar, (beer) and the Deutehtn Voterland, even to tliis day, ' Scin. nein, nein, nein Seyn Vaterland muss weiter seyn !" keeps ringing iu my ears—I have heard the shout of tlie Arabs of Kabylia as they swooped down on their French foes, and I have heard tbe Highland bagpipes—1 liiwe been persecuted by a solo player on a cracked Olarionettc, who daily pursued his dismal, dolorous, hideous industrious right, under my windows in a retired street, in London, and I have heard Flemish fisherwomen dispute—1 remained fifteen mortal days, I could not make my escape sooner, with a friend who lias four musical daughters, a piano out of tune, of cotu'se, and a hail)—and I have heard street-boys howl "Willie we have missed you" with an occasional detour to " Ratcatcher's daughter." But iu the columns of this widely-spread Journal on the honour of "a new chum" I most solemnly asseverate that any of these dismal sounds, separately or all collectivcly areas nothing to the tiny buzz that resounded tlmt night in my ears, and is still filling thcin with mortal dread. Beginning slowly with a sound which may be translated where-is he—where-is-he. it gradually augments in velocity and intensity, until it comes to an abrupt stop in "here he is," worse than Sir Boyle Roche's famous bird, it is not only in two places, it is everywhere at the same time. You gently raise your open bund aud with beating heart lay in ambush for the little but indefatigable tormentors, you bring your open palm smartly and forcibly on your ear, a soundiug stroke, you have caught it—ha 1 ha ! liave you ! no ! on the other side now—yes, no—back again—no it is setting, squatting on your nose ; now'not wishing that essential feature, already of a respectable size, to be increased in bulk by an ugly swelling, and being besides slightly irritated by the unceasing torment and your unsuccessful attempts, you shut your fist and bring it down with all your might and main on—what ? the mosquito—oh ! no—but on your poor inoffensive nose, which you succeed but too well in punishing severely, uot to say more—This, reader, is a true account of my own acts on that eventful night. To resume my narrative in the first person, remembering my old powercss at bolstering matches in school boy days or rather nights I seized that instrument of war and with all the agilty of conscentiated passion and the general luckless results of the same to the most numerous members of tbe body, I belaboured the air with the force of a giant and dogged resolution of a true-born Briton. But what boots continue 1 suffice it to say that the rays of the rising sun beheld in me a hugemosquito bite, with the slightest possible trace left of the " linmau form devinc." 1 shall pass over •with contenipt and scorn they merit uiy friends' grinning inquiries as to show I had passed the night, as well as certain titterings which I overheard anioug the servants mixed up with such broken words of " the new gent— nose, liobhlers and blood in the basin—nor shall I inform the reader how much a certain chemist charges for court plaster although I do know it, but what of that ! I shall also briefly pass over the different, remedies 1 liavetricd, 1 smoked tobacco until my clothes, my very hair postively reeked with the vile order and—well—no matter, I am no smoker and it wasno! blood tliat was in the basin next day—I who patronised hitherto choice perfumes, am now postively like a nasty German Cabaret when just opened, before the cool breezes of the morning have dispelled the nauseous atmosphere of beer—snrkrout and bad tobacco. I have buiiied another compound in my room, reconiiucnding of course, by a friend, the said compound is very easily procured especially iu cattle stations, (1 caunotfurthor particularise it)aud, 1 cannot say whether it drove out the mosquitoes, but it did, myself. Other remedies have I tried but it were useless to enumerate them. the Now worshipers that his of fronds ' the of Drowsy Macquarie-street God' have derserted their temple of dullness, the New Chum knows not where to gain an hour of " balmy sleep—nature's sweet restorer," true he has made acolection of the speeches ' to act as an opiate, but alas—when "will he . find the monotonous inimitable, somolent delevery ! Tom Moore may say, * ' '' The best of all ways To leughting our days, v Is to steal a few hours from the.night. But Tom Moore knew nothing about mosquitoes. The New Chum, thinks therefore,that his " days will be long iu the land of the living''but tliat his death may be some use to science, aud to his fellow-men, he propounds the following questions: To the learned of all countries, natural philosophers, zoologists, &c.; 1st. Why do all the mosquitoesof the whole colony settle down on "tlie new chum V 2nd. Does the diet of the sailing vessel, hard biscuit, anatomical fowls, and bankrupt mutton give a peculiar flavour to the flesh grateful lo tlia taste of the mosquito } 3rd. If so, why t To the benefactors of sleepless humanity— the legislntors of the New South Wales— 1st Is not the mosquito of a greater pent than John Chinaman ? 2nd. As tbe one is a denizen of the atmospherical, the other of the celestial empire, could they not effect an excliauge ! Of two cvicls choose the less. (Recomendod to tlie especial consideration of Mr. Lucus, M.r.> 3r<j why they do not resolve themselves t o a commitec of the house to inquire into the conduct of the officers for the protection A'C. of emigrants, who are left notoriously exposed to these terrible night attacks 1 4 th. Would it not be desirable to vote a statue to "the New Chum" if dead a pension if living at their uext merry meeting %— F.ifeimne JovrnaL 