AN ELECTION CONTEST IN AUSTRALIA. (From The Cornhill) A Ax the opposite side of the globe, where I write this narrative of election experiences, we have got ( manhood suffrage," together with the ballot. , As there may be some curiosity in the old countries, our parents, to know how these things are managed in a gold-mining colony, which eight or nine years ago was comparatively lawless, but is now reduced to very good order, and possesses the full extent of constitutional liberties, I write this narrative of an election contest in which I was the " popular candidate. The wisest speeches made to a man after a disastrous event are those which he makes to himself when his wisdom comes too late. The event being not only beyond recall, but never likely to recur again, and wisdom being, therefore, of no practical utility in that matter, his soliloquy and self-admonition, in such cases, take the air of disinterested, abstract philosophy, and bring him, for the moment, a very complacent degree of consolation. For instance : say I am an artist, or a man of letters, a student of science, a man well versed in ancient lore, or one pos sees in various accomplishments ; I ask myself, in the um place, " What business have you, or any one of your class, in Australia at the present time ? You are not the sort of ' fast,' knowing fellow that is wanted out here ; but you are the sort of person knowing something else, who is not at all wanted here at present, and not likely to be wanted! for some years to come. What on earth, my very dear friend, could induce you, with such antecedents, to contest the honour of representing a constituency in Australia?" What answer could be made to the spiritual Mentor by the corporeal Tele machus? None. Yet such a page of life's experience may be instructive, and at any rate amusing for the characters are real and all the incidents true, though the names of men and places have been changed. Some four years ago, during a general election in Victoria, several letters were addressed to me by influential men in the district of Graasmere-on-the Honeycomb, and Quartv.reef-on-the Hill, requesting me to stand for the constituency ; these were followed by a requisition, signed by most of the Quartz reef shareholders and crushing-mill and puddling proprietors, as well as by the owners of small farms and homesteads, and many of the storekeepers of the township. I was well-known in the district, where I had previously filled a position of some authority (save the mark !) and had exercised-at least so I intended and believed-a " paternal rule ". over a Selkirkian desert-sprawl of some twenty miles of lagoon swamp and bush, golden gully, rocky ridge, and primeval forest. flattered by the proposal, and foreseeing no difficulties or expense, I replied that, provided no good local man intended to come forward, would ride up to Grassmere, which was the head station, in the course of the week. I was promptly assured that no local man was coming forward and therefore, I should be elected without opposition, and consequently without any expense in short, I should walk over the course. A day or so before starting, however, I heard that Mr. ( Orson Hogsbristle, a very respectable merchant and financier of Melbourne, intended to contest the election on the Conservative and banking interest Bide ; so that the favoured man of the mines would not exactly walk over the course ; but, as the chairman of his committee remarked, " very nearly." Thus encouraged, I mounted my old thorough-bred mare (a model of ugliness, but well able to carry me sixty miles in the day), and arrived at Grassmere, taking up my quarters for the night at the Grassmere Hotel and to work I went " electioneering." The day of nomination dawned brightly on the creeks and forest-mounts round Grassmere. Forth stepped my proposer and seconder, in front of Glover's Hotel, addressing the electors to the effect that I was " a fit and proper person to represent the constituency of Grassmere-on-the-Honeycomb and Quortzreef-on. the Hill." North stepped a proposer and seconder, with a similar proposition in favour of Mr. Orson Hogsbristle. But just as the show of hands was about to be called for, to our surprise two electors stepped forward and nominated a " local man "-to wit, Mr. Cod Doll-y-Brodd, who, his proposer informed us, was descended from one of the minor Welsh kings of a remote period. Whatever his descent, he was at this time the proprietor of a general store of chandlery, ironmongery, tents, tar, etc, which was managed by his wife, while Mr. Doll-y- Brodd drove his dray about the country, and frequently to Melbourne. He might, therefore, be considered a very fit and proper person," being conversant with the wants, of both places, and his own locality in particular. This excited great indignation in all my supporters, who continued to protest against it as an absurdity ; adding, that it was certain to prove the ruin of Doll-y-Brodd, \- as all the respectable miners and mill-owners would desert his store : indeed, three sacks of oats, a dozen picks and shovels, a ton of hay, and several pounds of gunpowder and brown sugar, which had been ordered only the day before, were at once countermanded, just to show him that he was flying in the face of the " higher orders," by allowing himself to be nominated. While my partisans were thus displaying their great displeasure, the supporters of Mr, Orson Hogsbristle never troubled themselves at the circumstance, and, in fact seemed far rather disposed to treat the nomination of the local descendant of the Welsh kings as a joke. I also regarded it in somewhat the same light, and was, furthermore, impressed with the belief that most of his " committee " were considerably indebted to Mrs. Doll-y-Brodd for blankets, tools, tobacco, and other stores. And now commenced a species of electioneering work which offers some new features to the denizens of the mother country. The township of Grassmere was the place of nomination, and for the final declara- tion of the poll : but quite as many of the electors resided in other parts of the district. For instance, Quartzreef-on-the-Hill was nearly forty miles distant ; its younger mining sister, Boo-hoo, was five miles beyond that and the township of Blefuscue, on the Goulburn river, was again a ride of nine miles through splashy swamp and arid bush. At this period there was no attempt at a public conveyance, many places, after a few hours' rain, being almost impassable; howlers, electors had to be "canvassed" and " addressed " at each of these places ; so to work we all went, my friends and I. We commenced by immediately holding an election meeting at the Grass- mere Hotel at the same time Mr. Hogsbristle held a rival meeting at the Mount Ararat Inn, while Mr. Doll-y- Brodd rode off to Quartz hill. Directly our side" heard this, I was exhorted to gallop after him, which I did, and addressed the electors. I then galloped away to the Boo-hoo diggings, where I met Mr. Doll-y-Brodd returning from Blefuacue, to which place I afterwards had also to betake myself. Meanwhile, Mr. Hogs- bristle had to go through the same labour, though in a different fashion. This gentleman, being gusty and cumbrous, required "steps" (a " leg- up" was out of the question to enable him to get into a saddle, and a " tackle " to bring him down ; but these aids to horsemanship not being available in bush travelling, the landlord of the "Mount Ararat" undertook to drive him in a light American trap, made of lancewood, with leather springs and my opponent was thus enabled to meet Mr. Doll and myself in succession on our way back to Grassmere. The reader may picture to himself the three rival candidates scouring the country to these distant places, one of us arriving at a locality just as his rival was departing, meeting one another in the bush, or catching glimpses from afar in this election steeple-chase and in some cases, leaving a friend to speak, in order to gallop off to the next place and secure the only one good-sized room to be found before an opponent could arrive. Between Mr. Doll-y-Brodd and myself this race for the poll was unceasing; but the career of the heavy Mr. Hogsbmtle soon came to an end by the dashing " whip " who drove him running against a stump with one wheel, while his horse's head went jam into the fork of a tree, whereby the whole concern came to grief. No bones were broken, as, indeed, in certain conditions of mental exaltation they scarcely ever are happen what may ; but the horse, theatres, the hard ness, and the residue of a two-dozen case of wine and brandy were damaged irretrievably. An active life in the open air puts everything else for the time being, clean out of the mind ; so I have been near forgetting, even in this narrative, the more disagreeable part of my election contest the having to be put through your political facings, and to be catechised-to stand fire singly against a mixed mass of educated minds and grossly ignorant minds shrewd men, coached-up by my opponents, or drunken brutes sent to prevent me from being heard, or to torment me with some offensive and insulting question, turning upon personalities, or a local read niBcencemonstered or made ridiculous ; not to mention some outrageous accusation invented by some inge mous fabricator. Talk of " eating dirt !" that seems to me only one portion of what you have to swallow at an election and the most exasperating part of the business is the necessity of keeping your temper ; once get into a rage, the whole body of electors, friends, and opponents fall into convulsions of laughter, and it is all over with you for that day ; probably you lose your election in consequence, since a man in a passion cannot suppress his scorn. On the grand day of election Mr. Doll-y-Brodd did not make his appearance on the hustings, and Mr. iiogBbristle, by my consent, preceded me. I little thought of the advantage thus thrown into his hands, Mr. Hogsbnstle was evidently well versed in electioneering tactics, and he used his opportunity in the most skilful and unscrupulous manner. 1 coma hardly trust my ears in listening to what he said of me : I did not recognise myself in any way ; nor, in deed could I recognise anybody resembling this .' fancy sketch " of me. He was determined to show us that, if he could not ride he could talk and he talked so long that, before my turn came, everybody's patience was worn out. I endeavoured now and then for the most unpleasant occasions) to interrupt him by calling out "Time! time!" but he said there was plenty of time, and he could assure the honourable gentleman he had not half done ; which caused great merriment at my expense. However, my _ turn came at last, and I got through very well, keeping to political principles, without personalities ; with the single exception of a commentary on the equestrian bacchi and acrobatic performance of Mr. Hogsbristle in the bush, which produced screams of laughter. But the most unwarrantable of the election dodges resorted to by Mr. Hogsbristle was perpetrated in my absence. A Melbourne newspaper happened to arrive that evening, containing some remarks on a notorious character in Sydney, whose name was not mentioned for fear of an action for libel ; the passage concluded I with, " the ruffian- like atrocity of his recent proceedings, and the deep degradation of his past career." This was marked and handed round the room, with the whisper of, " That's meant for Mr.-," naming me ; though everybody in Melbourne knew very well that it referred to matters in Sydney ten years before I I left England. With a " bush " constituency, however, the manoeuvre was likely to be extensively successful ; but the insidious attempt, added to the unprovoked personalities previously launched at me by Mr. Hogsbristle, caused a reaction in my favour with many, and an increased energy among the rest, so that there now seemed no doubt as to the result of the election. Mr. Hogsbristle had no chance, it was said, and Mr. Doll-y-Brodd had not the ghost of a chance." A new phase in this contest was now developed. It was discovered that Mr. Hogsbristle, who piqued himself upon knowing how elections were managed in the mother country, had procured the nomination of Mr. Doll-y-Brodd with a view of " dividing the Liberal interest ;" and his supporters finding, as the polling. day approached, that my election was pretty secure, were sent about to canvass for Mr. Dolly Brodd as well as himself ; if a man would not vote for the Conservative and banking interest, would he not vote for the diggers' real friend, who kept a large and convenient store ? As for the Gold Commissioner and other high officials of the Camp (my " occupation" in those quarters being gone and their dependants, Mr. Hogsbristle had long since secured their votes, and done the usual dinner and supper party convivialities, Which are supposed to cement the bonds of friendship on these occasions. Once more I had galloped off to Cluartzreef-on-the Hill ; thence to the rich mines of Boo-hoo ; thence to the township of Blefuscue, calling upon the independent electors of each of those places to do their duty to the country of their adoption and returning at full speed, I reached the Grassmere Hotel before the declaration of the poll. There was great excitement among the crowd, and soon a general rush and shouting outside informed me that the results of the polling were about to be declared. Did I hear rightly? The thing seemed incredible. I was at the bottom of the poll ! Yells, shouts, and hisses followed the declaration. I was just one below Mr. Hogsbristle; but the richest part of the whole business was, that this experienced gentleman, having successfully divided the Liberal interest, had overshot the mark, so that Mr. Dolley Brodd distanced us both. Distanced, do I say he had nearly double the number of votes obtained by either us. The local man had become the duly elected member for the constituency of Grassmere-on the-Honeycomb, and Quartzreef-on-the-Hill, including the Boo-boo-mines, and the township of Blefuscue and all the indignant oaths and unconstitutional threats of the chief mining proprietors and mill-owners of Grassmere could not affect his title. After the event it was not difficult to understand how the result came about. One might have seen it from the debts on Mr. Dolly's books for stores, of which we all knew ; from Mr. Hog6bristle's suicidal assistance ; from the ballot and above all, from the numerical power of the vote by the " miner's right and manhood suffrage. ~ -_ A little episode of this electioneering drama is too characteristic, though distasteful to the writer, not to be recorded. Having held a meeting at a certain public-house in the bush in the evening, the night was so dark that an attempt to return before morning was out of the question. The electors kept it up to a late hour after I had retired to what was anything but a " balmy couch," and where sleep was rendered almost impossible by the ingress of the fumes of the worst tobacco, and the noise of the singing and dancing. At last, the tumult having subsided into a series of intermittent gasps and snores, forming the close bars of this serenade, I fell asleep-a sleep deep beyond dreams, the sort of sleep a man might have who had had his head punched all over. Awaking in the morning with the din and hoof-clatter still going on in my brain, and the sun shining full on my face, I saw that it was time for me to be again in the saddle. But all was quiet in the house. Eight o'clock in a bush inn, and nobody moving However, I prepared to sally forth, reconciling myself without much vexation to the probability of no breakfast. But my bedroom door would not open ; something heavy lay against it. By dint of vigorous and sustained pushes I forced open the door sufficiently to enable me to squeeze through sideways, and I then stepped over the body of a man in a drunken sleep, who lay, as Chaucer says of a corpse, gaping upright. I found the whole floor of the house was covered, as in a field of battle next day, with bodies in the same condition, and had to step over these drunken corpses one after another, in order to make my way out at the front door : standing on the threshold with the sun starting his golden beams into the den of beasts, I could not forbear ejaculating as I turned away, " And these are the men who are to elect me these are the men I am to represent !" The excitement at Grassmere was not abated by 1 the result of the election, Mr. Doll-y-Brodd, con- founded by his victory, would have resigned his seat ; but Mrs. Dolly had got it into her head that while serving customers he would be called "my lady," ; and nothing could shake her conviction or induce her to consent to her spouse's resignation. As for Mr. Hogsbristle, he was so disgusted and indignant, that he started off the next morning at daybreak for Melbourne, without a word of thanks for all that had been done for him. Meantime the Quartz reef proprietors, crushing-mill owners, and miners of the higher orders," who had been beaten by the immediate power of the lower orders, determined to give a public dinner at the Grassmere Hotel to the man of their choice. About one hundred and twenty sat down. The room was tastefully decorated with fragrant evergreens and other shrubs and on the wall appeared the representation of a certain constellation of the northern hemisphere, intended to be emblematic of my antecedents, the stars being represented by different sized rosettes of violets, gathered from the fort of Mount Ararat and in the valleys round Grassmere-a graceful compliment from the horny hands of men in real flannel- shirts and blue jumpers : though it should be remembered that a gold-mining community comprises men of all classes ; not only hardy adventurers, but a good sprinkling of more refined elements. The chair was filled by Dr. Pigeon-house (chairman of my committee), who did the honours with an air of medico political benevolence and the speeches " were received with hearty applause, as were the songs : especially one written for the occasion by Captain Pepperfrog, in which none of my opponents were spared. The next morning, after breakfast, a cavalcade assembled in front of Glover's Grassmere Hotel, to do me honour by seeing me off on my return towards Melbourne. Electors on horseback, in gigs, dogcarts, bakers' carts, farmers' carts, settlers' traps, and one or two large drays, awaited my advent. When my mare was led forth, she was observed to be so out of condition from her recent work, that a friendly squatter stepped up and offered to send her for a few months' spell to one of his paddocks ; meantime making me a present of a handsome little stock-mare of his own ; with sad die and bridle as she stood. Her character was brief but satisfactory. She's thoroughly sound," said he Make in by one of my stockriders, up to fifteen stone, and a good fencer and as to spirit, when after mayor IT hardly boW terms I thanked him cordially, and mounted. ^w,?6^rt °.- honour thought proper to turn in the opposite direction to the road towards Melbourne, and wwfl^^Ä^08'011'6^18 of a town; a wheel to the right-about was then ordered, and a half made in front of the tent of Mr. Dugdale, the cow Äthn/dai7ma\0i the strict, whose share in one of the quartz reefs was said to be worth at least T±°rXt?rndB- H'had><*a Zupp late of mine, and the escort, therefore, drank his health in bumpers olsherry- though some preferred brandy with three cheers. The same compliment was paid to Mrs. Dugdale and then the same to all the children ; a final cheer concluded the ceremony The procession then moved on, and halted at the next tent or store, the owners of which had supported their intended member, and there repeated the performance, A halt was then made in front of a store, the proprietors of which had supported one or other of my rivals and here there was a profusion of groans, hisses, and mixed ejaculations. I tried to prevent this on the ground that besides the freedom of voting, it could not be known under the ballot how anybody had voted; but Dr. Pigeonhouae whispered to me that it was very well known ; and, in any case, we should let the electors and the escort please themselves. In this style, therefore, we slowly proceeded through the town of Grassmere, stopping in front of every tent and store and public house, and indulging in such demonstrations as were considered most appropriate to the several inmates. Mr. Dolly Brodd had stowed himself away somewhere, and Mrs. Dolly had closed the store for the day ; but a pro I longed demonstration was made in front, nevertheless, ! to my great discomfort-Dr. Pigeon-house assuring me there was no help for it. Having passed thus through the town, to the other end of the township, a distance of about four miles, a final halt was made in front of the last hotel, to wit, "The Platter and Pitchfork," where we all dis- mounted. Here an extensive luncheon had been prepared, and the table looked black with bottleS. It may be well imagined, from what had already occurred, that everybody had taken quite as much as was good for him however, speeches and toasts, after the luncheon, were inevitable, and then followed fare- well glasses, in which they drank long life, and health, and happiness to me, and success in the next election, with prolonged and vociferous cheering. I now reminded Dr. Pigeon- house that I had to ride forty miles before dark, the nearest town being Kil mony, and the day was far advanced. He assented ;, but there were yet more last speeches," more " parting glasses," prolonged shouts, and protracted shaking of hands. Finally, it was determined to "chair" me; and presently, a scene occurred which would have furnished materials for a companion picture to Hogarth's " Chairing the Member." The four legs of my chair were seized by as many supporters, and the whole mass of people hurried forth with shouts, producing a great commotion among the horns outside, very few of whom had ever been properly broken in. As for the little bush mare that had been presented to me, I shall never forget her look of horror and aversion as she saw an object sitting in a chair borne on the shoulders of four men, coming towards her. It required four other men 13 hold her head, as she started, capered, and flung out, cocking her ears, and showing the whites of her eyes; while from his arm-chair, which they raised carefully like a miner's bucket, the too-much honoured candidate was emptied into the saddle, amidst waving of hats, and vociferous plaudits. Simultaneously the hands holding the Block. mare let go their hold ; her head, luckily, was at this moment pointed directly towards the centre of the road, and away she darted at such a speed that the explosive Shout of the crowd behind had all the effect of our having been fire- out of it. The friendly squatter who had given me the mare, had not overrated her speed and energy ; the pace was tremendous ; but SO equable in its rapidity as to require no seat whatever beyond the balance, while our rush through the air produced a sound resembling the whirr of a spinning wheel. It was now nearly two o'clock, and knowing there were forty miles before me, which had to be accomplished before dark, the luxury of such a pace as this could not prudently be continued beyond a few minutes ; gradually, therefore, causing the racing gallop to subside into a steady canter, alternating with a brisk trot, we got over the ground capitally and including two brief stoppages for a feed, and to have the mare's mouth washed (she kicked the man who attempted to wash her feet), we were within two miles of Kilmany just as the shades of evening were coming on. There being no twilight in Australia, beyond a few minutes, and the town of Kilmany being very difficult in the dark, owing to several branching roads, I took a " short cut, which would save at least three quarters of a mile. Fatal miscalculation ! The direction I took was right enough the last time I went that way, but since then many small lots of land had been sold in the neighbourhood, huts and cottages erected, and gardens and paddocks enclosed by strong fences. Arriving at some of these, we had to go round ; then to make a zig-zag ; then to cross a deep rocky creek. Still, no way out. I paused to consider. If I turned back, it would be dark before I could regain the main road, so I went on trusting to get through somewhere into a by-road or cutting. Presently I arrived at the foot of a very steep rocky ridge, having a broken ascent. Australian horses, and pre- eminently those used by stockriders, will overcome difficulties of bogs and logs, swamps and rocks, that few other horses would look at a second time ; they creep up acclivities like cats. Up went the little mare, taking the broken, rocky steep as a matter of course and arrived at the top, I found myself in an enclosed, narrow, swampy flat. After half a-mile of this I came to a deep creek of rich, coal black mud. This the mare, at the first sniff, refused ; dismounting, I began to lead her down ; but directly she saw my uncle's disappear, not an inch farther would she budge. Mounting again, I found a track to the right, but after a few hundred yards came to another black creek, the very counterpart of the first Returning to the swampy flat, nothing but fences met the eye on every side. Night had now come ; there was no moon, and to attempt the descent of the rocky steep in the dark was out of the question. I was "bushed " for the night. vexed at having so cleverly and completely accomplished the very thing I had so knowingly sought to avoid, I moved on mechanically, in order to find some spot less swampy than the rest, whereon to dismount and hold my vigil till daybreak. Presently, a light gleamed at a small distance, and with it hope. Approaching the fences in that direction, I found a garden and paddock, with a settler's but beyond. After a few "crosses," out came a woman, who in quired in rather a suspicious and menacing voice, what was wanted - On hearing my brief story, her tone instantly changed to kindliness. I told her my mare had the character of being a good fencer, and if a lantern were held to show the ground and top rail, I had no doubt but we should get over somehow. If she refused it by the doubtful light, I would dis- mount, and run her at it, and be only too happy to pay for any of the cabbages that might be smashed. " Ah," said the good woman, " I'd letter through by a slip-rail, with pleasure, but it would be of no service, as there are other fences all round." " Then we must go back the way we came ?" " Yes, 'ee must part of it." " When does the moon rise ?" "About two o'clock in the morning. All dark afore that. He'd better get off; bring up the mare, and come under cover. I'll be a wish sort of' night." Not knowing the mare well enough to risk the chance of her breaking away, especially if the weather became rough, I was obliged to decline this hospitable invitation. However, she brought me fuel and hot embers, to make a fire, and then sent one of her children down to me with a cup of tea and a thick slice of bread-and-butter. She came down herself the last thing before she went to bed to see how I was getting on, saying, she was sorry she could do no more for me, as her husband was away in the bush "splitting" (timber). So I thanked her, and bade her good-night, saying, she would not find me there in the morning, as I should start directly the moon got up. Holding the mare loosely by the bridle passed over her nose, so as, to allow her to feed, I sat staring down at my fire, and listening to the cropping and munching of wet grass. All around was darkness and silence. "What a contrast to the scenes of yesterday ; it seemed another world. And now the wind was rising. I sat blinking and dozing in reverie over the burning wood some hour and a half, when I became conscious of not having been prudent with my fuel, which the wind had nearly wasted away ; no means of replenishing it were at hand, and my fire died out. There was nothing for it but to remount and move on, for the chance of coming upon some materials to make another fire. Advancing slowly over the swampy ground a few hundred yards, the mare B foot caused a rustling sound as of light wood and leaves, and dismounting, I found a broken bough, and presently a tolerably dry tufted mound to sit upon. Having lucifers in my valise, I broke up some boughs, and with the dry leaves, soon made a fire ; but the fuel was very damp, and the ground below was wet, and the fire spat and sputtered itself out. Again and again I collected small boughs and heaped them on the steaming embers of the last ; but in vain, however, I persevered with fire after fire, till my last lucifer was expended. A fine rain now began to fall, and not having anticipated the chance of getting bushed, I was unprepared for it no waterproofs, no blanket, no well-filled brandy flask. But I had a large cane folded up with my valise ; so unBtrappine this, and elongating the mare's bridle by both straps! one end of which was twisted round my hand I gathered my feet up, and launched my head and shoulders down to the dimensions of my cape. The rain continued, but fortunately did not increase, and I gradually fell into a succession of disconnected thoughts. Ex gr. : " What a motley force a parliamentary election is ! What a mockery of politics, intellect, independence, and conscience, in the majority ! In the mother country it used to be a high comedy, alloyed with vulgar farce-with bribery and corruption, equally gross and undisguised, Perhaps ' a taint of this yet remains at home ; but here local influences, indifference, or drunkenness prevail. . . ' How the little mare enjoys the wet grass ! She's first rate for the bush. The moon will rise at two o'clock. ... To whom did I lend my copy of The Stars and the Earth? Lola Montes borrowed my Mrs. Crow's Night Side never see that again. How strange to find in D's smoky little hut, at Blefuscue, John Mills. Essay on Liberty; leaves uncut, though that explains it left, no doubt, by some traveller whose swag was too heavy. I wish I had a pair of worsted socks ! So chilly and wet, these cotton things-and the place round me all in a mash. How cold my knees are ! I can't feel my feet I wish I had never stood for Grassmere and Quartz- reef. I was to walk over the course, was I ? No expense-cost nothing. Won't it though I shall have to pay for being defeated by a bullock-driver. I only wish Mr. Hogsbristles were sitting where I am now." At last I raised my head, pushed up the lamp brim of my hat, and rubbed my eyes there was the moon I rose with benumbed joints, shook my feathers, and considered the state of the clouds. Now, the moon shone bright and clear; but presently a scudding mist brushed and broke over her; then a smoky veil came across, and she sailed into a dark rock, through the rifts in which her beams darted at intervals. It was best, therefore, to wait a little longer, before attempt- ing the descent of the broken rocks, so I sat down again, and in a few minutes the cold shining orb rolled once more into sight. I re-arranged the bridle on the mare's neck, tightened her girths, and prepared to mount. The mare moved a little aside, so as to evade my rising foot, and continued her feeding. How she enjoyed this splashy young grass ! She had been at work in this way for the last five or six hours. Approaching her again, and raising my toe towards the stirrup, she moved back restively ; I spoke to her, and repeated the attempt to mount, but she resisted more strenuously, and with a vicious toss of the head. Provoked at this behaviour, I closed upon her, and grasped her mane, hopping on my right leg as she retreated, till I fairly got my foot into the stirrup and rose from the ground. Down went her head and haunches-up went her back in an arch, as she sprang upwards from all four feet simultaneously, and away I flew headlong. I pitched on my head, with my hat smashed over my face, in a pasty mass of tufted grass, close to the root of a tree ; a few inches farther, and my head would have gone directly against the trunk. My first thought, of course, was the common one in such cases Am I hurt anything broken?" "No; only stunned," was the inward reply. The next thought was about the mare, lest she should bolt away. But every stock-horse is specially trained to " stand" directly a man is "off." So there stood my lady, rather scared at what she had done, and expect- ing a thrashing. I assayed again and again, at long intervals, to mount, but was always foiled, and these efforts occupied the intervening hours till broad daylight. I was then compelled to lead the obstinate little wretch, who did not object to accompany me in this fashion. Espying smoke rising above the trees, and then a squalid, smoke-black hut, from which a grubby man emerged, who had evidently just shaken himself out of his night-rug, I " coo-eed," walked with the mare up to him, and asked him to hold her head while I mounted I got my leg across the back of the mare before she could disengage her head, and being safely seated, the artful hussy never moved, until her head was loosed, when she quietly advanced at a walk. I need hardly add that, as this bush mare had a fancy for racing-speed, I gave her enough on this occasion, I and I reached the Shamrock Inn, at Kilmany, at half-past six, where I got some breakfast. Thus ended my first election contest in Australia. I =5=5-55=555-5-55555 