ADVEN TUBB Ol' AN IRISH MILITIA f, OFFICER. . ,. , j . i , (Prem Beaten PatJii: and Time who Trod Them), j ; OHE fine moonlight winter's 'night I waa diat about ten o'clock, while reading at my ch ", ; turf fire, by the sounds of a carriage closo I . larrook, and a hasty announcement by my se : 'that " his iivereneo was below in the gn posai bio burry, and wishing much to speak ' my Hononr." I hastened downstairs, and i . my visitor in a post-chaise, which literally bri ' with blunderbusses from every window, side, rout; the delighted visage of tho Reverend ! (Old Nick he was familiarly called) j glaring " rubicund and smiling, between tho barrels oi wide-mouthed weapons. A. fierce-looking att ant, who seamed, lileo the firearms, loaded ti v ry.muzzlo, reclined in a corner of tho post-ch . and a servant accustomed to. his master's \ sat beside the post-boy outside, with a doi barrelled pistol cooked ia his hand, ready ti instant execution on his companion ' in eas . treaohery-or suspicion of the same. The pa whispered to mo that ho was going in great BJ to a farmhouse about three miles down the i which, according to special information juBt rec ed, was to be attaoked about midnight by : band of fierce barbarians from the billa," who \ to be reinforced by a gang from tho Kilke , side of the Buir, and he requested me to go ' i a few of my mon, to lie in wait for them, at mouth of a certain crook where they were to 1 close to the farmhouse, in question ; so that % . mo and my party outside, and the well-prepi . domostic-garrison within, the marauders wc bo sure to get a warm reception, and mighi altogether frustrated in the object of thoir inten .'attack, the capture of several muskets andfowli . pieces which were known to be in the possess of the farmer and his family. I was in gi 'time en route tot the- designated rond i vous,. with six br seven of the smartest r . of my detachment,-Corporal Collins, Patr ' Heeny, Williám Craig, Denis Doolan, all cr ' shots, and well experienced poachers no doub . tlie names of the otliersl forget.! They all wore tb \- dark-grey-coats and forage capB, I a close shooti jacket and casquette to match. 'I had my pisl in a blook waistbelt as usual, and my double-l relied grin, a ball in tho right hand, and a chai . of duck- shot in the left, for I had one oyo to di and the other to sport, if; the;' were not synoi mous terms on snob wild service. "Will I load i ', musket' wiih ball, or shot, Liftinent?" said Willii . Craig, ns I mastered raylittlo band in the barra ? yard before starting. " With shot, to be sur 1 answorod I, to this my real right-hand man V all sort of sporting sprees, larks, or cxpoditio , He had, of all I ever knew, tho keenest eye fo: ' hare in her form, a deer in the fern of Currar more hills, or a wild duck in the weeds or -on 1 : wing ; and it was to be prepared for tho Iattor, \- caso we missed the Sbanovcsts, that I:made h ' put tho shot into his single barrel as I had do ' iDto ono of my own. . Tho rest of the mon load .witb ball cartridge before wc set out, to avoid t \- noise of ramming down, should we come . witt ' ear-shot of the enemy, tot) ve had no t breer. ' loaders then. The moon had gono down and ,'. few, stars twinkled dimly as wc stole along in t shale by the river's brink, in a heavy mars ' wading ankle deep, and taking ciro that no apia . should bo beard to betray us. But tho quick i Btinot of mere animal,nature was always on t watch. We had gone buta little way when ' dark object bounced from under my feat, a ha ' whioh had slept with eyes opon of course, ni 1 awi yit dashod at full spood. My gun was in instant nt my shoulder as if it too had instinctive ? sprung up. Hat I checked its impulse-or n own-and brought it down again. Graig, wi was beside mo, silently and approvingly rioddi his head. A moment after a couple of ducks, di -turbed by tho bounding hare, darted from tl Bedgo, flapping thoir noisy wings. Criij raualcof, like my guo, was instantly up with jerk, which he as instantly controlled-and I r turned his nod by anothor, as much as to say, "..tl right !'' But I found it prudent to avoid tl marsh and kcop close to the river's sido till ? gained tho mouth of the creek ; and pointing to willow-copBe which bathed its weoping branohos the 8troam, tho mon followed my movement in its concealment, and there we quietly stood near up to our knoos in water and safe from obscrvatii as wo thought. We had not long to wait. TI dock of tho village ohurch struck twolv " Steady, mon 1" whispered I a* I pereeivoi neatly at thc opposite side of the river, a din shadow-like movement coming towards us, i though sumo ghost had lison from tho water i tho midnight summons, and floated over tho su face whore, mayhap, a murdered body had beo plunged. Eut i he shadow grow quickly into dark substance, and tho regular splash of oars wc heard, wbilo tho prow of tho boat they impelle wao gently cutting through the stream direct] towards us at about fifty yards' distance, cooked tho right-hand look of my gun. Th sound acted ns a word of command, and evor musket except Craig's gave an answering clich Slight as was tho noiso it struck upon tho war; and accustomed cars of thoso with whom the boa wns fillod. " Howld your o^rs, boys I" cried voice, which was instantly obeyed by thc rowers Thc boat stopped its forward motion, and it broadside was turned towards us by tho current By tho powers, there's the army. Give it t tho red-hacked rasoals, for'by thoy're rapped ii their groy coats. Fire away into tho copso I' exclaimed thesamo voioe, and a loud yell fran several others was accompanied by a sharp vol loy .Bullets and slugs whistled in the branches, au« ' ruffled tho wator wo stood in. " Steady, ni hurry," siid I aloud, as I obsorved Doolan, i little on my left, to drop his rmiskotaod raisi with his loft arm tho right which had beer . hit by a shot. I levelled my gun at tin boat. Tho crew in her had all dropped dowi below tho gumvale liko sharpshooters in a bush, fi rod, and,tho report was answered by the dca« twang of the bullet through tho woodwork. "Now moo l" exclaimed I, and all except Craig am ' Doolan lot fly. One or two shots struck tho water Thc rest wont right into tho boat's sido. Not i word, not a groan was hoard ia reply. All wai siiont, ns awfully so aa though tho wholo crow hat been killed outright. Wo ro-Ioaded, cookod, noe stood ready for tho rising up of tho gang nm auothor expected volley. But it carno not, ant na ono was visible Tho boat, nd oar put out tc guide it, drifted rapidly and was soon out of sight Wefollowod nsolosotbtliorivcf sidouátllcthiok mud and tho tangled branchesi allowed. Craig standing . by his wpundct]I comradoi'tintil iwcnrng tho qtcoH our ad vance, waB interrupted ; and I paused on hearing from tho hills closo above the farmhouse . wo.; wero bound to,r sevoral scattered shots, . answered from bolow, ,na though tho oUábk fots mnde, and tho dorueatio gnrrisoji promptly replying 1 to it, Turning up nv narrow laue leading from tho crook to'tho ma-n îpyl.'ot' n'smart trott ; (donble( qu'ck time,) wc woWaftér Bbino'rninuto.s mot by a man on liorsebaak galloping fuiiuusly,' nud-hnd owe not opened out to the right and left, ha would have ridden some of us down in the ilerkncss. Ono or two of tho men raised their (Uo-ljcks and u would liare fired; at 'bim,,had .be not suddenly . pulleyup, and:wheeled round, with a loud arid no) very pious:ejaculation, flourishing a huge cavalry pistol whioh he carried in lu's right hand. Every ; one recognised Parson Niel;, who hurriedly explained that "having no chance of a,fight with tho runaway scoundrels who scampered up the hills at the first shots,- and attracted by our firing nt the river's side, he galloped down to have a share in it." A Tew words of consultation on both sides convinced tho pugnacious parson and myself th it tho business was over for that night, and our expedition .not being crowned with many laurels, we bau nothing to do but return to my quarters re infecta, and carry off our wounded nun. 