GHOST STORIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. Sir—After so much has been done by religious and educational training during the last half-cen- tury to root up the senseless superstitions which used to haunt onr nurseries, ami which, imbibed during childhood, could often be scarcely shaken off in after life, it is absolutely humiliating to find a clergyman at the head of his congregation endea- vouring to revive such exploded beliefs, and occu- pying an entire evening, which might have been better spent, in relating some of the silliest ghost stories which could have been collected from .the volumes of any old circulating library. Indeed, one is almost inclined to wonder that a roomful of ladies and gentlemen could have had the patience to listen to such trumpery; and it is still more surprising that, though several other clergymen were present, none of them should have raised a voice against it. There may he some excuse for the Bishop as he came in late, and might not have known exactly how much folly had been uttered; but how the ministers of St. John's and Port Adelaide, by their speeches, and the minister of Christchurch by his silence, could directly or indirectly endorse the sentiments of their clerical brother I can scarcely understand. There are few perhaps who have not known or heard of cases in which life or reason has been sacrificed through terrors induced by superstition. I myself remember two which happened when I was young, in one of which idiocy, and in the other serious illness, was the result of fear arising from the fancied appearance of a spirit; and I can recollect several old houses in England for which tenants could scarcely be obtained, and in which servants were with difficulty induced to live, in consequence of rumours that they were haunted. Fears of this kind have now happily become legends of the past, and we shall have very little to thank our clergymen for if they should succeed in reviving them. I am, Sir. &c.;, A CHURCHMAN. Adelaide, December 15, 1862. 