PROPOSED TESTIMONIAL TO MR. LANDSBOROUGH, A public meeting,, convened by the May or, of Melbourne, in compliance with a requisition to which between thirty and forty signatures were attached, was held yesterday afternoon, at the Mechanics' Institution, for the purpose of affording the inhabitants of Victoria an opportunity " of initiating measures to show their appreciation of the valuable services rendered by Mr Landsborough, in exploring the country between the Gulf of Carpentaria and this colony." There was a large attendance. The Mayor presided. The Mayor opened the proceedings by reading the requisition which had been presented to him, and his reply thereto. He added that he had felt great pleasure in calling the meeting, because he believed that every resident in the Australian colonies was under a deep debt of gratitude to Mr. Landsborough for the successful manner in which he had accomplished his undertaking. (Hear, hear.) His Worship called upon The Hon. Matthew Hervey, M.L C, to more the first resolution. Before addressing him Eülf to the resolution, Mr. Hervey alluded to a paragraph in The Argus, stating that Mr. Landsborough's journal had not yet reached the public through the press, and explained that the journal had been placed in the hands of the sur- veyor-general, at the request of His Excellency the Governor, in order that the route which Landsborough had taken might be mapped with as little delay as possible, for the information of the public. The journal had now been in the hands of the surveyor-general for more than a week, but it would be placed before the Exploration Committee of the Royal Society on Monday, and immediately handed to the press for publication. It had been objected by some persons that the present meeting was premature on the score that Landsborough's journal had not yet been before the public; but sufficient was already known, through his extremely modest statement made a few evenings ago before the Exploration Committee, to satisfy all candid minds that the journey Landsborough had just performed had been a very great and a very splendid undertaking indeed, especially remembering the peculiar position in which he was placed. He was asked, at a moment's notice, by the Governor of Queensland if he would undertake to load the expedition which was about to be sent out from Brisbane, by water, to the Gulf of Carpentaria and without the slightest previous arrangement, either with regard to his own private affairs, or anything else, he offered his services, and proceeded at once by the Victoria to the Gulf of Carpentaria, to search for the unfortunate explorers, Burke and Wills. They were all aware of the circumstances of the wreck of the tender, Firefly, and the consequent loss of seven omine horses to the expedition, which reduced the number at Mr. Landsborough's disposal to about twenty-one. AftsroxTaordinary exertions, he succeeded in crossing the horses to the Albert River, and after a delay of three weeks the horses were, so far recruited that he was enabled to start upon his south-west expedition. He travelled until he found that, from the want of water and provisions, he could proceed no further with safety, and therefore he returned, arriving at the depot on the Albert River after an absence of nine weeks. Landsborough found during his absence that he fellow-traveller, Mr. Walker, had reached the Albert River, and had reported that he had found the tracks of Burke and Wills, about eight weeks before Mr. Landsborough's return from the south-west expedition, and had started in search of Burke and Wills to the Flinders. Captain Norman, who might be called the commander in-chief of the expedition, did his utmost to persuade Mr. Landsborough to desist from any further search on his return from the south-west, representing that he had already performed very arduous services, that his horses were knocked up, that his provisions were consumed, and that it was impossible for him to try to do with safety what he contemplated namely, to go to the south east, down to the settled districts of New South Wales and Victoria. Mr. Landsborough, however, informed Captain Norman that he was sent out on the distinct understanding that he should be permitted to search for Burke and Wills as long as there were means at his disposal, that he conceived the horses were not so far reduced as to be rendered useless for this purpose, and that, even if he had no rations at all, he would start upon this new expedition. (Applause.) The public would never have heard from Mr. Landsborough what he was now stating, for his peculiar modesty rendered him quite unfit to tell his own tale, and therefore he (Mr. Hervey) hoped the meeting would excuse him telling what in private friendship he had been able to extract, in proof of the noble manliness which Landsborough had exhibited in carrying out the duty on rusted to him. (Hear.) Having overcome Captain Norman's objections to the extent of being permitted to start on an expedition to the south-east, in order to trace the tracks of Burke in in the direction of the Flinders, he commenced his new expedition three weeks after his return to the depot, the extraordinary quality of the pasturage in the neighbourhood of the Albert River having enabled the horses to renew their strength sufficiently to enable them to start by that time. The only assistance which Captain Norman had it in his power to give the party was a limited quantity of flour and meat, with about forty pounds of sugar, but no tea or other comforts. With such supplies as he could obtain, Landsborough started off on a journey which he estimated would extend over about three months and a half, and during which he would have to travel not less than 1,500 miles of unknown country. On reaching the Flinders, he was quite unable to fulfil the object of his mission namely, the discovery of the tracks of Burke and Wills. Nowhere between the Albert and the Flinders could he discover any traces either of Mr. Walker or of Burke and Wills the heavy tropical rains having no doubt, obliterated all tracks. The Melbourne public would be generous enough to take what appeared to be the proper view of the position in which Landsborough was placed at this juncture, he had no directions as to how he should steer, back. it was left to his own discretion to take what course he thought best. He naturally concluded that Burke and Wills would be guided by those geographical features which, as an experienced bushman, he would be guided by himself. He therefore followed the course of the Flinders for nearly 300 miles, and afterwards the course of the Thomson River, a course east of that taken by Burke and Wills, but which was one of so much safety that Mr. Landsborough thought no more of the jour- ney than traversing Collins-street, (Applause-.) There had been a disposition on the part of some portion of the public, and, he thought, of some part of the press, to disparage Mr. Lands borough's journey because it happened to have been easy to himself, to have been overcome without difficulty or loss of life, and because it had not led to the traces of the missing explorers. It was impossible, however, for Landsborough to have discovered those traces. He was guided by his own judgement in taking the route which he did, and he thought it was the one which had been most likely tation by Burke and Wells, as it naturally led to the destination which they were supposed to be seeking namely, Victoria, (Hear, hear, ) He thought that the result of Mr. Lands borough's journey was one peculiarly satisfactory both to this colony and to the world at large, inas- much as it opened up a large and valuable tract of country suitable for future colonization. This must be peculiarly gratifying to the population of Victoria-at all events to that portion of them who desired to follow pastoral pursuits and it would no doubt urge many young men to come out from England who would prefer a pastoral life rather than the town occupations, to which they would be driven but for the discovery of such countries. (Hear, hear.) The fortunate results of the courage and intrepidity with which Mr. Landsborough followed his difficult journey did not detract from the merit of it, but rather added to the merit. (Hear, hear,) The resolution which had been placed in his hands was "That this meeting congratulates Mr. Landsborough on his safe arrival amongst us and is of opinion that his services as an explorer are entitled to public recognition." He had no doubt that the resolution would be received with perfect unanimity. It bore simple testimony to the services of Mr. Landsborough, who had accomplished an arduous duty, and, in doing so, had added to our geographical knowledge of the interior of Australia. (Applause.) | Mr. Lockhart Morton, in seconding the > resolution, said that he had the pleasure some years ago of meeting Mr. Landsborough in Queensland, in which colony he was regarded as one of the best of bushmen. He had distinguished himself by travelling nil Norths country. I Mr. Hervey had spoken of the results of Mr. Landsborough's journey as being valuable to those who wished to engage in pastoral pursuits, but in his (Mr. Morton's) opinion the discovery of a large extent of country fit for settlement was a very great benefit to the whole population of the Australian colonies. It had the tffVctof increasing trade, and doing an immense amount of good to all classes of the community. (Hear, hear.) He attached a great deal of importance to Mr. Lands- borough's journey to the south-west, and had he fortunately gone a little further, which he was unable to do for want of water, he would have solved the great geographical problem as to whether there was an inland sea in the centre of the country. His journey to the north-west had, however, made known that there was a great extent of good pastoral land, extending from the track of Burke and Wills westward, which would lead) to a route being found westward to Victoria and the fine country on the north-west coast. There had been com- ¡ plaints made that Landsborough did not find the tracks of Burke and Wills and it had been alleged that his object in taking the route he did was more to discover pastoral country than to find the tracks of the missing explorers This was a great mistake. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Landsborough has acted to the best of his judges ent, and he (Mr Morton) thought that judgement was sound. (Applause) He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. The motion was then put to the meeting, and adopted unanimously, as were also all the resolutions subsequently proposed. The Rev Dr. Cairns said that he did not expect to have been called upon to take any part in the proceedings, but he had attended the meeting because he felt a very deep interest, in common, with every body else, in all discoveries in connexion with the continent of Australia He felt a peculiar interest in Mr Landsborough, because in the old country his father was a friend of his (Dr Cairns'), and every remarkable man that father was He was very highly dis- anguished as a philosophical student of nature and he was equally eminent as a faithful, talented, and devoted minister of religion The Mr. Landsborough whom they were met to do honour to began the duties of an explorer at a very early period of his life His father almost invariably took him with him in his excursions to find out objects of natural history, and accustomed him, while a boy, to begin that work, to make good use of his eyes, to neglect nothing, to observe everything, to attend to careful and minute examination to take nothing for granted, and to think well before he spoke In that admirable School, Mr Landsborough acquired their mental habits which had placed him on the eminence which he now occupied, and which had for ever associated his name and those illustrious men who were the pioneers of the enlargement and prosperity of this their adopted country. (Applause.) After the information which had been given by Mr. Hervey, it was unnecessary for him (Dr Cairns) to enter into any details as to Landsborough a journey;, but he must express his deliberate conviction that the course followed by Mr Landsborough showed his great wisdom showed that he was a man quite up to his work, that I know what he was about, and that he had Renient to discover the right path under the en cumulan ces, as well as the skill and (endurance to carry it to a successful issue. (Applause ) With all the discoveries which had been made the discoveries of Burke and his party, those of Mr. Walker, those of Mr Stuart, and those of Mr Landsborough they began to see a good deal of Australia, and he could not doubt but that it is delightful to them all It seemed to him that Australia was one of the finest and richest countries under the canopy of heaven (applause) They were long tormented with the idea of an internal desert, but it turned out to be a myth it was a mere ghost of a desert They must get rid of the notion that there was a great desert, which, was the mother of the hot winds There was no such being in existence There was no more desert than just sufficient to constitute an agreeable variety of the soil, and by and by there would be no desert at all, but it would be turned to some good use probably to grow the finest melons (Laughter ) The whole of this amazing continent was just one prodigious pasture held, well watered, with every variety of soil and of climate, and capable of producing all the fruits grown in a colder climate, as well as everything grown in warmer latitudes His imagination an- trips ed wool, cotton, tobacco, wine, and all manner of good times As the results of these suocestful¡explorations, they and their descendants had before them an almost boundless hold of useful enterprize, and an indefinite prospect of social prosperity (Applause ) He admired the wisdom of Mr Landsborough in following the course which he did Those parties who had been nibbling at his reputation had been a little too quick. When people began to find fault with the proceedings of such a man as Mr Landsborough, they should allow them selves a little time to reflect, and ascertain the accuracy of their opinions Every one knew that the great features of a country were its hills and its rivers. If the latitude and position of those more ascertained, there was at once a true map of the country, but if these particulars were not ascertained it was impossible to arrive at a correct geography Mr. Landsborough had acted as a man of intelligence and sense. When he found that it was impossible to find the tracks of Burke and Wills, which had no doubt been washed away by the great rams, he at once acted upon the sound principle of following up the great river courses, by doing which he fixed an important feature in the geography of the land So far as his journey went, he fixed the river course, distinguishing the great ru ors from the mere tributaries They now knew a great deal more about the Traders and the Thomson is very than they did before, and, when they had ascertained the hills and mountain ranges, they had the geography of the country once in their possession This was a tempting subject, but he would not enlarge upon it. He would rather urge them to do their duty by expressing their opinion of Mr Landsborough in some becoming way. It was quite clear that Landsborough and his friends had opened out an endless prospect of advantage, and surely he was entitled to receive from the community whom his labours would profit so highly some practical testimony or token of their regard ? (Applause ) Inasmuch as they would all benefit by the success of Lands- boroughs jouniB), let them all unite in giving him something in return, which would show him their sympathy and their appreciation of his services, (Hear) He believed it was contemplated to have a banquet, to which he certainly did not object, but, however good banquets might be in their way, and however pleasing the recollection of them might be, possession was far better than mere remembrance He therefore hoped that they would give Mr Landsborough some substantial testimony of their regard, which might be handed down as an heirloom in his family. Applause. ) He begged to move " That a public subscription be entered into to present a testimonial to Mr. Landsborough for his distinguished success in crossing the continent from the Gulf of Carpentaria to Victoria, and discovering country so valuable for colonization." (Applause ) Mr. Jas Botouart, who seconded the resolution, remarked that it would be a disgrace to Melbourne), and to the colony of Victoria in general, if some nor thy testimonial were not presented to Mr Landsborough, for having made known such a magnificent country for future colonization. He trusted that they would raise something handsome to present to Mr. Landsborough, and show that they were not deficient in gratitude to him for the great services which he had rendered. (Applause.) Mr., J. M'BAIN expressed his regret that there were not more of the leading c trains at the nicotine;, and more members of the Legislature and of the Exploration Committee In his opinion, the chief events of Air. Landsborough were entitled to a far greater expression of esteem than the present meeting seemed to indicate He moved " That Mr. Landsborough be invited to a public banquet, on which occasion the testimonial shall be presented to him " There could not be two opinions about the propriety of a public banquet in honour of Landsborough and he had no doubt that His Excellency the Governor would consent to attend, and be the medium through which the presentation should be made to Mr. Landsborough (Applause.) Mr. EmblHiG agreed with the previous speakers in regarding Mr. Landsborough as a most successful man. He had accomplished work of great value to the whole of the population of Australia (Hear, hear.) Inceconding; the resolution, he (Mr. Embling) should be sorry if it were to be taken as expressing all the Pfteem which ought to be shown for Mr. Landsborough. It was not merely in a public banquet that Mr. Landsborough should receive his com inundation. (Hear, hear.) He venerated the memory of the departed and be thought that the country had done well to sanction a donation to commemorate their services, but they ought not to forget the living any more than the land. (Hear, hear) No public subscription could compensate Mr. Landsborough after his great exertions and singular success The Parliament of the colony was bound to make him some donation, to show that the people at large, and the Government of the country, recognised and valued his services. (Applause ) At a critical time, when almost i his whole world was upheaving with war, Mr Landsborough had shown that there was a rich land in the centre of Australia where the people might go and settle. The fact that he had crossed the continent of Australia would produce a considerable sensation in the mother country ; and by this service Mr. Landsborough would prove one of the best promoters of immigration (Applause ) On the motion of Mr. Thos Divop, seconded by Mr. John Hall, the following (gentlemen, will power to add to their number, were appointed a committee to carry out the foregoing resolutions: -The Mayor of Melbourne the Hon. M Hervey, M L.O , the Hon. T H. Power, M L C , Dr. Cairns, Messrs. Btnbl ng, W. L MortOD, Butobart, M'Bain, Dickson, A. Campbell, Urquhart, Bigwood, thomson, Soane, C ipel, Alston M L King, Sydcs, Walter Clark, Gallagher, Box, Clarke, Hugh Glass, Craig, and Wilson. Atole of thanks was accorded to the Mayor for presiding, and the proceedings terminated A subscription-list was opened at tho close of the meeting, and about £50 was subscribed. THE Railway-Mr Higinbotham (engineer in chief), Mr. Wardell, and Mr Maoir'ba. , resi dent engineer, arrived on Sandhurst yesterday evening, on a visit of inspection to the railway works now in progrcts.-Iicn<itgo Aduatiser, Aug. 29. 