— THE WINDS. Surge on ye winds, from the rustling freee Sweep the leaves in your onward course. And let the sound of your voice be shrill ' As tho shriek of a wounded horse ; As tho woil of a Birring man sinking jNeatn too waves of his couls rcmorso. Sweep en where hwsts aro dense and dark : The will bow as your pinions pn..?, And scatter gem from thnlr dewy crowns. Bright gifts on the fihiveiing grans ; Pure in their glenm as a string of pearls Surveyed in a bridoi gloss. Up brandish jour spear from tho rocky height, And trample the rogle's ntst j '£r.r away w,h ;v0,ir nrrotv« tho snowy plumes, w'hich Hint on tho mountain's crwf, Then dnsh o'er tho 1 1 tin in your CHgcrncss. As a warrior scorning rest. From tho castle's deHnnt battlements Be the sound of your clarion heard. And shnkc to their centre tho granite walls As tho by an earthquake stirred. Awaking the echoes of answering bills, And the robfc of the startled bird. But oh, ye winds, with a tightened rein, Curb your steed oh they cross the deep. And let not the jar of vniir chariot winds lJrenk tlo weary mariner's 1 op : His d renin may be hallowed by thoughts of home And sisters who watch and weep. He may talk in his fond linagiuincs To one, who with anxious ryes Marks from the InttK-c midst hope and dread 559 l lie frowning sml starlet skier; Whilst far away in difcotdaut moon Tho voice# of billows rise. And, oh ! lot your brrntli be warm, yo winds Ab ye glide o'er tho lowly dead : ' Leave not behind on the token fl »wera The print of an nngry tread, For th-.ir bloom by oiitpourinBaofqtienchlcas grief Or tho gushings of love is fed. F. M. TirroHAv Ootobor, 1802. lit Funis J< atuiulihus. — .Ylien rumours wont abroad that a ntido mnnjwus in the habit of disporting himsolf in Castlomoinc, with a- view, apparently, of frightening and annoying females, it writs received with nn amount of in credulity. Certain it is, however, flint a really naked individual was caught on Shlurdnv last in rompleton Btrcot, or rather in the Catholic Reserve. It seems t tint two females were coin- ing up Hargroavo street, when they encountered this supposed apparition ; ono of them fled forthwith, hut tho other gavo chase, when tho "ghost fairly turned tail and bolted, clearing the Catholio fence at the corner like an auto- lope. .The cries of tho lady pursuer drow a numbor of people, nnd in no time tho acrobat was secured, though not without desperate re- sietanca. In tho interim, between being first seen and captured, he had managed to slip it shirt over, his head, nnd thus appeared in com paratively decent costnmo before t lie numbers that Boon surrounded liim. The police wero Bout for, and under their inspection he com pleted his toilet prior to going to tho "logs,,: Jus other clothes having been found tied up in a bundle under the fence near where lio leaped over., His name is John Bcni.'nnd ho has been 0 newspaper runnor on Campbell's Creok. What the chargo against him will bo wo. are not aware, but surely the Bench will mako an oxamplo of liiin in such a manner as may deter others from following his example. "VVe may add that, on being introduced to tho look-up, lie smashed everything breakable, and aftor boing with grout difficulty handcuffed and claimed in tho cell by two policemen, ho was found at liberty yesterday morning, so far aa irecuom irom manacles was concerned. — M. A . Mall. TIIE MnnDEii op Ciiottt, 1 .ir. MAILMAN — Wo stated in a recent issuo ilint ono of tho two Frenchmen in custody, Ilobardy and ltiveit, for tlio murder of Daniel Crotty, tho Morongo mnllinau, had mado a voluntary con- fession implicating a third person in this fell murder. Wo liavo since learnt that Hivol is the porson who lias made tho confession, and that ho has stated to .Captain Buttyo that a foreigner named Dueert fired the piatol whioti gave Crotty his death wound, and that after wards lie jumped on ono of tho mail boric, and rodo off. It is now pretty certain tl at Crotty was on tho ground when tho shot wa» fired. Dueert is in custody. It lias been found necessary to tnnp Ttoburdy in handcuffs as well as leg irons, as ho hns mode scino despornto nttempts to commit suicide. All tho prisoners have been committed fee trt.il Tmsi Courier. Spinous accident ly Fire.— Tho child of Mr. Garrett Bronnun, sexton nt the Wliito Hills Cemetery, was admitted into the hospital on Mondny evening, suffering from very severe burns, cnusod by its clothes taking firo whilst witnessing tho Chinese perform some of tlioir burial rites at the cemetery on the pre vious day. Tho poor child now . ties at tho hospital, in a very dnngerotis state. Somo time ago a serious fire occurred at tho cemetery, from tho Chinese being nliowod to perform tlioir ceremonies over thoir dead. — Bendigo Advertiser. Maids ehvahts. — A maiden enters upon a situation . with a fair character. Sho lias worked so as to deserro and win one. But a character; like a building, will not lass for ever. It wants keeping up ; mid unless it bo sustsirri it will go down. Thore may be no gross or daring doparturs from duty; and this is not necessary to tho ruin of a reputation. Gene ral slothfulness, a laoso and loitering habit, staying on tho way homo from oh'urch or chapel to gossip with other servants, tho practico of being a littio too late with bor work, Bmoll neglects— those things undermine the conildonco of n mistress; and the servant who thus trifles will soon bo in the worst of all positions — without a character. Slio had one, but did not tako any trouble to keep it up, and by slothfulness it decays and perishes. — British Workman. Yokkshibe Wit.— A Yorkshire boy went into a public house where a gentleman was eating eggs. Tho boy looked extremely hard at him for eomo time, and tlion said " Will you bo good onough to giro mo n littio Bait, Bir ?" " Ay, certainly, boy ; but why do you wont salt ?" " Perhaps, sir," says he, " you'll nsk mo to eat on egg presently, "and I should like to bo ready." u What county are yon from, my lad?" " Yorkshire, sir." "I thought so — there,, tako an org." " I thank you, Bir," snij iho boy. "Well," added the gentleman, " they are all great horse stealers in your county, are tlioy not ?" " Yes," rejoins tho boy, " my father, though an honest man, would mind no more stealing of a horse than I would drinking yo ir gloss of ale— your health, Bir," added he, and drunk it up. "That will do," soys tho gentleman ; " I boo you're Yorkshire." JpALOusr in A Dog-. — A singular instance of jealousy on tho port of a dog has just occurred in the Hue Michel Locomto. M. B , an ink manufacturer in that streot, accompanied by his wife, made mi excursion for somo few doys into the conntiy, leaving their house and dog in tho care of Madame P 'b father and mother. On their return thoir first thought was to embrace tlieir parents. Meanwhile the dog attempted to attiaet their notice by fnwning about them and barking. Not succeeding in his object, ho became so jealous that he flew at the old people, and bit them both sovorcly, nor could they escapo his attacks till a neighbour, who was present, seized the animal by tho neck and choked ic. Tho body of tho dog has been disjected, and as none of tho usual symptoms of hydrophobia wore found, it is hoped tiiat no evil con sequences wi 1 ensue. — Galignani. Robert Ilall was unhappy in bis courtship of Miss Steele. While lie was yet smarting benontli the disappointment, he went out to tea. Tho lndy of the house said, with no very good taste, "You arc dull, Mr. Hall; we have no polished stce'. here to entertain you." " Ob, madam, that's not the slightest consequence; you have plenty of polished brass !" His genius for happy retort never slumbered. One of his congregation, a sickly, querulous.'' old mortal, met liiin hi the street. '< Ah, Mr. Hall, you hove — never — been \Q me — sir. I've — 1'vo I've been vcr g, I've been — at — Deatli'i dr ".all." "Why didn't you stto'in. fill Wh' didn't yonstcp in 1" 