BRITISH COLUMBIA. The export of gold to San Francisco previous to 1861 amounted to above three millions of dol- lars, shipped by Wells, Fargo, and Co. alone. This year the sum will be increased about one million and a-half of dollars more, by which it will be seen that, although the yield has been steadily and constantly increasing heretofore, still that during this year it has made giant strides. But although thus abundant the gold, the scarcity of coin is notorious. Much of the metal sent down has to return here in the shape of money, and, of course, there is a loss of between two or three per cent., the result of freight, insurance, and what not. This loss has been observed to act very in- juriously to the interest of the colony in several ways, and in none more than the dissatisfaction miners exhibit at the discount, so much so, in- deed, that several leave for San Francisco on this account alone, although, in carrying their dust with them, they must pay a portion thereof, sup- posing, of course, their treasure to be insured. ASTONISHING RICHES OF THE CARIBOO MINES. —The Victoria papers are “all alive” about the Cariboo mines in British Columbia. The COLONIST issued an “extra” on October 25th, headed “Ar- rival of the Otter—250,000 dollars in gold dust !” which is as follows :—“ If anybody here had en- tertained doubts as to the truths told concerning the enormous yield of the mines of our sister colony during the season just past, such doubts would have been entirely dissipated had he stood on the Hudson Bay Company’s wharf last even- ing and saw the Otter come in with seventy pas- sengers from Cariboo, and heard them narrate their glowing tales of the mineral wealth of the far north, or saw the packs of precious metal which several of their number lug- ged up to the Express office. The total amount of dust brought down last even- ing will reach 250,000 dollars ! The Abbott Com- pany, of whom so much has been published in the COLONIST, came by this arrival. They are three in number, and have, it is said, 80,000 dollars. The dust was carried in canvas bags, on the backs of the fortunate possessors, from the steamer to Wells, Fargo, and Co.’s, where it was placed in the care of the agent. The Company were fol- lowed from the wharf to the Express Office by a large and curious crowd of citizens, who feasted their eyes upon the tags, and even after the “ piles” had been securely hidden from view and locked within the large safe, many remained gazing wistfully at the receptacle, or stood gazing at the novel sight of men who had made their fortunes in six weeks. Few of those who were on the wharf last evening but mentally or other- wise resolved to try their luck at Cariboo next spring. ==================== BREACH OF PROMISE, MARRIAGE, AND SUDDEN DEATH OF THE BRIDEGROOM.—Our readers will remember, some two years ago, an action for breach of promise of marriage, at Bristol, which, falling at a very dull time of year, was made the most of by the Bristol papers. In commercial language, they “ discounted” the trial before it arrived at maturity ; and after they had whetted the public appetite for several days with antici- patory allusions to the wealth of the bridegroom, the beauty of the bride, and the long array of love-letters, expectation was disappointed by a compromise—the defendant consenting to a ver- dict against him for £2000, and the plaintiff agree- ing to deliver up his “ love-letters.” The parties to this suit were Miss Ellen Miles, daughter of a fishmonger in this town (Sherborne), and Mr Magan, an Irish gentleman. Many pooh-poohed the idea of £2000 being intended to be paid ; others thought the gentleman must be a poor one ; but the facts are beyond dispute that the £2000 was paid, and invested with all legal security and form for Miss Ellen’s benefit, and that the defendant was an Irish member of parliament, who had previously mar- ried the daughter of an earl. Mr William Henry Magan, formerly member for Westmeath, and son of the late Mr William Henry Magan, of Clonearl, King’s county, was a comet in the 9th Lancers, and afterwards a captain in the 4th light Dragoons, and whilst doing duty with his regiment at Dorchester he became acquainted with many persons in the county town, who may still call him to mind. Miss E. Miles was assis- tant at Swan and Edgar’s when she formed the acquaintance of Mr Magan ; and it would seem that in the correspondence which was carried on between the parties marriage was promised—at all events Mr Magan, who knew as well as any one what his letters contained, consented to pay £2000 for the privilege of burning them. The case became a “nine days’ wonder,” and was forgotten. A couple of years after, it may be, the actors again appeared upon the scene, and, on the 24th of August, Mr William Henry Magan, of Clonearl, Ireland, is united in the holy bonds of matrimony, at Yeovil church, to Miss Ellen Miles of Sherborne. Now comes the last sad scene of all ;—our journal of to-day (Thursday) announces the death of Mr Magan, at Weymouth—a month after his romantic marriage. We are sorry to add that there is but too much reason to fear that he fell a victim to an excessive craving for ardent spirits. After staying some little time at Sherborne, where his conduct was certainly not that of a total abstainer, he and his wife went off to Wey- mouth, and took up their abode at the Victoria Hotel, from whence he removed into private lodgings, and died the day after he entered them, at the early age of 43. His body was taken to Dublin on Monday for interment. We under- stand that, although “ the Captain,” as he was still called, died embarrassed, and indeed was about to compound with his creditors, his car- riage and horses having been sold under an exe- cution, yet that his mother is possessed of con- siderable property, and that the wife of a month will find her widowhood solaced by an income of £600 a year.—SHERBORNE JOURNAL. THE EFFECTS OF LIGHTNING.—A gentleman in- forms us that he saw, near the Sheepwash, a sin- gular instance of the effects of the lightning of Wednesday last. He describes the electric fluid as having struck the tree at a branch about thirty feet from the ground, and hollowed out a race about an inch, deep and two inches broad, as if done by a blunt gouge of that size, following the slight twist of the tree to the bottom, where it appeared to have expended itself on a piece of bark which was at the foot of the tree. As the tree was in a green state, tremendous force must have been exerted by the fluid, to effect the in- jury.—BENDIGO ADVERTISER, 22nd January. POPULAR SIMILES.—Some ingenious-rhymer has placed the following sayings in poetic order, the opposite in juxtaposition :— As wet as a fish—as dry as a bone ; As live as a bird—as dead as a stone ; As plump as a partridge—as poor as a rat ; As strong as a horse—as weak as a cat ; As hard as a flint—as soft as a mole ; As white as a lily—as black as a coal ; As plain us a pikestaff—as rough as a bear ; As tight as a drum—as free as the air ; As heavy as lead—as light as a feather ; As steady as time—uncertain as weather ; As hot as an oven—as cold as a frog ; As gay as a lark—as sick as a dog ; Aa slow as a tortoise—as swift as the wind ; As true as the gospel—as false as mankind ; As thin as a herring—as fat as a pig ; As proud as a peacock—as blue as a grig ; As savage as tigers—as mild as a dove ; As stiff as a poker—as limp as a glove ; As blind as a bat—as deaf as a post ; As cool as a cucumber—as warm as a toast ; .As red as a cherry—as pale as a ghost. AN ENAMELLER OF LADIES’ FACES.—IN RE Rachel Levison.—This insolvent, a young woman, who described herself as an “ enameller of ladies’ faces” and dealer in cosmetics, carrying on business as Madame Rachel in Old Bond street and at Brighton, was opposed by Mr Macrae, and was supported by Mr Dowse and Mr Sargood. The case had stood over for some months, it being alleged that the insolvent was not yet of age, and therefore could not be finally discharged. The insolvent, who had been out on bail, was exa- mined, and denied that her mother was known in Drury lane as “ Sally Russell,” or that her own name was Russell. She had carried on her pro- fession at Old Bond street, and in five months of 1859 she contracted a debt of £149 with Messrs Burgoyne, chemists, for some scents and essential oils used in her preparations. Some of the goods were spoilt, and became useless. She had kept books in which were entered the names of her patronesses, but she had intrusted those books to a friend who had gone to Australia. To produce those books would be to ruin her profession. Mr Macrae observed that perhaps her charges were high, and that she had from 5 to 20 guineas for enamelling a lady’s face. The insolvent : “ Oh, yes, indeed, and more than that.” In answer to further questions, the insolvent said she procured the preparations she employed in the process of enamelling from abroad. She had to give credit in many cases, and the names of her debtors were in her books. Mr Macrae submitted that the in- solvent was bound to file her account-books that the creditors might know what sums were due to her. Mr Dowse said he should not object to an adjournment to consider that point ; and, as the insolvent was on bail, the case could stand over until after the date upon which it was alleged she would become of full age. The case was then adjourned until 17th January.—DISPATCH. MYSERIOUS DEATH.—Considerable excitement has been evoked in this locality owing to the fact of a dead Chinaman being found early on Monday last, lying in the butcher’s shop belong- ing to Messrs Dunphy and Co. The deceased was well known on the Creek, his Chinese name being Ah Kock. His body was first discovered by the slaughterman, Patrick Dowling, who brought in the meat from the yard, and who, in his evidence before the Coroner, stated that on arriving at the shop about six o’clock in the morning, he found the window and the lower half of the door open, and on looking in saw the China- man on the floor. He called his mate, who went in and felt the man, and immediately said “ he is dead,” which opinion turned out to be correct. The Chinaman was on the ground, his head resting on a box, his arms straight along the body, and a bag containing about four or five pounds of corned beef alongside of it, which it is presumed he had entered the shop for the purpose of stealing. Mr Dunphy was woke up, and several neighbors also, and the police was sent for, by whom the corpse was re- moved to the Oriental Hotel, where an inquest was held in the evening. The two first witnesses simply deposed to the finding of the dead man, and the position in which he laid, and also that one of his trousers pockets was turned out. The third witness corroborated the previous ones, and stated that deceased had complained of pain hr his chest for some time. Next followed Mrs Louden, in whose employ he had been on and off for five or six years, till within about a month of his death. She also said that he had complained of pain in the chest, and that he had a while ago fallen into a hole, and his horse had come down on him. Another woman was examined, who could only say that the deceased had complained of pain in the chest. Constable Shoebridge deposed to taking charge of the body, and stated that he had examined it, and could find no external marks of violence. However, when the jury viewed the corpse a dark mark was discovered on a por- tion of the back of the neck, which the constable swore was not there in the morning. Some other evidence, regarding the habits of deceased and the property found in his hut, was given, and the Coroner summed up, giving it as his opinion in- dividually that there was no suspicion of foul play, an opinion which was strongly objected to by one of the jurymen until a post mortem exami- tion had been held, and the real cause of death elicited. Eventually the dissenting juryman gave in, and a verdict was returned that the man was found dead, but there was no evidence to show from what cause. It was argued by a very great number here that the jury might just as well not have been empannelled at all, as to arrive at a verdict embodying what they previously were aware, of, namely, that the man was “ found dead,” and opinions are strongly expressed that no conclusion should have been come to without the aid of medical evidence, and it is thought by many that the man has been actually murdered. Time possibly may throw more light on the sub- ject than the jury could.—Growler’s Creek cor- respondent of OVENS CONSTITUTION, 16th January. BUSH FIRES.—During Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday morning, several bush fires were ra- ging on the ranges in the neighborhood. On Tuesday night the ranges in the direction of Mount William presented a grand illuminated appearance. The fire reached the upper branches of some of the largest trees, and all the ranges about presented the appearance of hills of fire. About Wallen Wallan, particularly in the direc- tion of the Broadmeadows road, the fire was rag- ing very fiercely. It is said that on one run a number of sheep were burnt. Farmers cannot be too careful in using every precaution to prevent bush fires from reaching their homesteads.—KIL- MORE EXAMINER, 16th January. THE AILANTHUS SILKWORM.—It was only about 120 years ago that missionaries mentioned this worm, and in 1773 the name of Bombyx cynthia was given to the parent moth by Drury, in his ILLUSTRATIONS OF NATURAL HISTORY. The eggs of the Bombyx cynthia are twice as large as those of the common silkworm, and the females lay about one half the quantity. The eggs are hatched in about eight days after they are laid. The worms, like many other species, change their skin four times before they begin to spin ; the fourth time they become of an emerald green, and the extremities of the tubercles are turquoise blue. In weaving their cocoons they differ from the ordinary silk- worms, for they make an elastic opening for the advent of the moth. The cocoons of the Ailan- thus silkworms are long, and of a grey brownish color, more or less pale according to the state in which they are cultivated. The quality of this new textile fabric has been studied and appre- ciated in Prance, where, after trying experiments with the castor-oil silkworm, they have arrived at the conclusion that the cocoons of the Ailanthus worms are far more valuable, as they are capable of taking an admirable dye. The thread obtained is brilliant, smooth, and supple, and the manufac- tured silk lasts double the time any other silk does ; it does not spot easily, and it washes like linen. NORTH AND SOUTH IN PARIS—SINGULAR DUEL BETWEEN AMERICANS THERE.—There arrived by the steamer Edinburgh from Europe last Satur- day, captain C. Lee Moses, a citizen of Saco, Maine, formerly U. S. astronomer, &c.; He is suffering from the results of a singular duel, fought in August last, on the banks of the Seine, a few miles from Paris. The New York COMMER- CIAL gives the particulars of this affair as follows :— “ Captain Moses, although a South Carolinian by birth, is a strong and devoted adherent to the cause of the Union, and during his journey through France made no hesitation in expressing his sympathies and his feelings for the United States government, and his abhorrence of the southern traitors and rebels. The hon F. G. Farquhar, of Virginia, meeting the captain at an hotel in Paris, and knowing his parentage, re- proached him in opprobrious terms as a renegade from his native State. He charged him with being a traitor to the south, and a man of no honor, because he abandoned her when she needed all the services of her sons, particularly her seamen and navigators. He took occa- sion in his vituperation, also, to cast imputations upon the character of Northern ladies, which, as the Captain had married a New England wife, was resented by a tremendous blow, entirely doubling up the chivalric Virginian and laying him in ordinary for the remainder of the evening. Farquhar was taken in charge by his friends, and when he had.gathered his scattered faculties, sent a challenge to the Captain by the hand of his friend Mons. Stephanie. The challenge received a prompt response, and not twenty-four hours from the first meeting of the combatants they stood on the banks of the Seine, prepared to take each other’s lives. The weapons selected were Derringer pistols, the distance ten paces, the combatants being ordered to wheel and fire at the given signal. Farquhar was boastful and coarse in his remarks. The Captain was calm, though determined. All being ready, Captain Moses handed two letters to his second, one addressed to the American Consul at Liverpool, and the other to his wife at Saco, Maine, to be delivered in case he fell. He then removed his coat, bandaged back the hair from his eyes, and took his position. The word was then given, and with a simultaneous report of both pistols the combatants fell to the ground. Both were shot through the head. Farquhar received a mortal wound, with which he lingered several days, finally dying at a hamlet a few miles from Paris, where he had been removed to avoid the noise of the city. Before dying, he solicited an interview with Captain Moses, made an acknow- ledgment of his base conduct, and solicited the latter’s forgivenness, which was freely granted. The Captain, escaping from the French police, took refuge at Liverpool, where he was concealed by the American shippers of that city and sent on to New York by the Edinburgh. He is now at the Stevens house in this city, where he lies in a very critical condition. The bail of his adversary passing immediately under the ear, caused se- vere concussion of the brain, which was more dangerous from the fact that the Captain had re- ceived a severe wound in the head in the Mexi- can war. He bleeds frequently from the ears, and remains in a condition constantly threatening apo- plexy.” ANOTHER DIFFICULTY WITH FRANCE.—Special intelligence from Turin informs us that the am- bassadors of England and France at that Court are at daggers drawn. Sir James Hudson, we are happy to say, strenuously supports the policy and cause of Baron Ricasoli,— the Ambassador of France unfurls the flag of M. Ratazzi. The an- tagonism of the two ambassadors is explained by the intelligence which we published last week, that Baron Ricasoli had communicated to Her Majesty’s Government the measures in progress for the cession of Liguria and the island of Sar- dinia to France, and had invoked the support of the British Government to assist him in resisting the imperious demands of the French Go- vernment. That support, we trust, will be freely and fully rendered to the upright and patriotic Prime Minister of Italy. We are sorry to say that our intelligence leaves no doubt that the possition of Baron Ricasoli is much shaken, and that the Italian cause is more pre- carious and embroiled than ever. Cialdini, who has always leant to Prance, is especially furious against Ricasoli for having stood in the way of his obtaining from King Victor Emmanuel the order of the annunciation. The explanation of this is, that Ricasoli, adopting the sentiments of the dying Cavour, desired that Southern Italy should be dealt with firmly, but not harshly. Cialdini, in defiance of his instructions, adopted a very harsh and high-handed policy, which is likely to leave bitter remembrances of the in- auguration of Sardinian rule in Southern Italy. —PRESS. THE MARRIAGE OF THE PRINCESS ALICE and the great International Exhibition will make the sea- son of 1862 a gay and brilliant one, and we are justified in announcing that it will commence un- usually early. We believe that the Court will arrive at Buckingham Palace in January, and that her Majesty will open the season soon after. —COURT JOURNAL. A DANCER OF VIENNA fell in love with-Mad’lle Winkler, the daughter of another dancer, and demanded her in marriage of her father, who re- fused. Only one thing, to a German apprehen- sion, remained to be done. Instead of running away with the girl, he invited her to take a walk with him in a forest near Baden, and there, whether with or without her consent, shot her dead with a pistol, after which he blew out his own brains. THE AMERICAN NATIONAL HYMN.—It will be re- membered, perhaps, that some Americans, sick of “ Yankee Doodle,” “ Hail Columbia !” and “ The Star-spangled Banner,” offered a prize of 500 dollars for a new national hymn. Twelve hun- dred copies of verses were forwarded to the com- mittee appointed for selection and judgment, who, being men of some sense and taste, came to the de- cision—which might have been anticipated—that not one out of the twelve hundred was worthy the prize of £100. The labors of the committee, how- ever, did not end here. They resolved to make a dollar volume out of the rejected hymns, and committed its arrangement to Mr Richard Grant White, whose name is known on this side of the Atlantic as a painstaking editor and commentator on Shakspeare. This book of hymns has just been published by New York, printed on tinted paper, with an essay by Mr White on “ National Hymns, how they are writ- ten, and how they are not written,” illustrated by the words and music of the most popular pa- triotic European hymns. Then follows a selec- tion of the best and of the worst of the rejected twelve hundred. The worst, of course, are ex- pected to be the most entertaining, as Mr White prints them verbatim et literatim, in all their gram- matical and rhetorical effulgency.—CRITIC. 