BRISBAlsrEi. [rnOM oub ovrs -»ECKSjwj.-nEST.T Tassession is nearly over and not one of I the important me:tsiircs inonti.nu-.d in tins I vice-reg:J s;mecli at itr. eirnniciCi-nient has beca fasscl. As-uniins: fjat fie Colonial Sesretary has a c»:»sciem;e the ghost of | slaaqhter.;.! Bills must disturb liis niglitlj rep.ise. Where is the Elective Upper House Hill, where is *hc Constitufinii Rill aIld; where is the Electoral Bill? ifrcaKbter in. I the saape of ec'j.i, limurjfuHv answers I where, as he turns to die old files -:f thu j XcrtA Au*!rulia», and inonnifuliv |-crusei that celebr:ite.d clap-trap oraiion s» prolific in promises which he uttered in- tbe Ipswich Court-house not nianv months ago With i-cjHrri t--tl.e l*ii!)lr«»t!V Itill an J llie Insol vent Bill it is evident that the crnntiv members arc as much to blame as the Go vernment. Hie session has nut lasted above two months, aad 3Icssrs. Halv, For rett, and other ' young nn;n froin this countr-'' plainly say that they will not stop in town any longer. Did they make it a matterof agreement with their constituents that they would not luidertake to devote, more than two mouths each vear t-- their Parliamentary duties, no uutti-r how impor tant the occasion. If sueh he not the case, they simply obtained their seats under falso pretences. You will sea in the answer given by thn Colonial SecrcUrv to Gaff's question sis to Hie intentions efthl- Ministry., that tlie Uovcmmcnt - hoped that no further iiiipsdiiucuts to Lcgislatiun would occur in the Council.' IIopc on this occasion told a flatcrinc t lie, as was tnld hy the hon. Louis, of that ilk when Cleveland was thinking oC beeomiiig a great sea port, but did not. A.011 after the answer referred to was javeu. tbe Constitution Bill, in a so:i:ewl)at diffu r,-nt shnys was agaiu iutroiiucud into the Lords. Tlie pill was ilistasler.il. but thu lion, nominees,- after a. little gentle fiucing. snccci'.deil iii swalloniu; it, but in spite of all the efforts of Sir ltatcliSe (I forgot, tii.mgli. he has declined a Chief Justiceship which he says was o9ered bim bona fide (?) They could not succeed in keeping it oa th.-iriordly stomachs. In other words die Bill was read a second tune, but «uch a number of aaicndmcuts were proposed and. assented to in committee, that at a very early stage Pring threw np his brief in di vine disgust. 1 suppose the Bill is now virtuallv settled. The Coolie Labour Bill las passed, and. been assented by tbe Governor, and we are now beimr dosed bv Anti-Coolie and Cnollx c3fusions in cither paper. A large meeting was held at the School of Arts on Thursday last, to petition the Governor to withhold his. assent to the Coolie Labour Bill, but as the Governor had given his assent befoic tbo petition could fee juescnted, theliujiesof the. petitioners in tins respect were blighted. The petition is a lengthy document which I leave you to extract from the newspapers. I think myself it was undesirable that the petitioners should liavc mixed up Chinese Iuunigration with Coolie Immigration. It is absurd to petition the Home Ouvcruinient to impose a tax on Chinamen landing m Queensland. Y«t tbis is virtually what the petitioners are asking Cor. This is a matter for die Parliament here to legislate on, if die. danger of a large influx of Chinamen becomes apparent. On the other haud. it is quite legitimate to petition die Queen to disallow an important measure passed by die Legislature here. I hope the mixing up of die two affiura. will not militate against die reception of tlie petition with regard to the Coolie Bill. The meeting was respectably attended, and addressed by several most respectable citizens and working-men of this town. The best speech of die eveoiDg was delivered by Mr. Pugh, who stated, what has long been rumoured here, that Mr. Herbert is going home at die end of die session. I fear that if the petition, and die 'beautiful head 'go home together, the petition will .get the wnrst of it. Tbe report of gold having been found in promising quantities near Gladstone, has been confirmed. A nugget about 2 oz, ob tained on these diggings, has found its way to Brisbane. It is of pure cold, nnmixed with quartz. The diggings are said to be abuiit seventeen uutes from Gladstone, and «srera! Chinamen are at work there. You will sec that, in tuply to LiUey, die Colonial Secretary stated, on Friday iast. that die Government had received no official or authentic information of the discovery of any gold in dot quarter. Amongst the recent arrivals here Is diat of die Boyal Anatomical Huseum. of die nature of which die Sydney pcpeia hare already made us acquainted. Xbu collection: comprises wax models of a)l parts of tb» human frame, from childhood to manhood. A person in attendance, too, dxsswts a& anatomical Venus for die instruction «(- viators. Very instructive, no doubt, to see Venue dissected, but the process is quite incompatible with one's ideas of the laii'hter- loving goddess. It takes all the poetry out of the Venus of Homer and Virgil to ima ^ jrine her under tlic knife *-f die dissector, die knife reeking with 'iehur, or some such spiritual liquor.' I should inyseif much prefer to sec her 'rising from the sea.' us she «sed to do at the WalhaiU of tiic once popular Mudaitu- Wharton. A. grand excursion in die Queensland, given to the shareholders of the new com pany, and of course to the shareholders* wives and daughters, took place ou SatrmUv. The deck of die steamer was crowded with excursionists. After sailing down the river to New- Farm Com. a table was spread on bhore, and the visitors sat don-u to a rciust in Hart's best style. Mr. Raff occupied the tiiair, and several toasts wore proposed and r.-sponded to. The steamer then took the visitors don-it to llie iuv. au.l ilid not return to the wharf until between seven and ci'ht in the evening. 