TO THE HEAD HITTER OF THE ADDLEHEAD REGISTER. Dere Sur-Bem, hand avin bean fur sum yercs, a constinct reder hov yure hinvalyble papur, I ave scene with grate orror th»t anuthr lettre hov the Revrind Mister Rustle will apere two-inorro. I du vyc, iuiMcr xicau nuier, iui» it mis nut relay i inn gusteses. I ave bin from boy-ood a firm beleavr in gosteses, but on leavin the Hold Kuntri 1 thort as how I ad left thim thear jintry beind me; leastwise I never card on ani hov thim gittin a free passige. 1 ham now hundeseved. Hevir sinsc this orribl kontrovcrsa. me and mi famli as not bin hable two ave a wink hov slepe. Last nite me hand the hold woman hand Betsijane hand Htdwanljaines cept lorkin ovir the letters hin the JicgU cr, hand telm hov wun auuthir i»o«te stnares till we was two fritend two goe two bed. Consekventli we wos hobligated two sit up hail nite. llaml has we dose not burn parifene, has tsetsijiiue hnbjccts two the smell, hit wos ruination in cundels, the night bein veri windi. Uif anuthir letter from Mister Rustic hor han: of them there jentri haperes, I doant no wot will appen. As it his, Heihyardjames as con arf kianki, hand the honli hanser I kan j.-it from im his, 'Stere to the Xorwcst'— hin hallu-sn, doutless, two the stoari hnf the mate linn Ixirde ship. Sur, I wiule nroapoase that hif the Church clujjimcn kant hi the gosteses as tha have rased, tha shuile happli twothehuthirelujjimen hav West-terris fur a littel oli waiter two maik them op the twig. Hand hif that his not ifektual, tha .shude he himpoumlid, hand had-eriiscd liin the Oimninc Oazit. with there brands hand the kulor hov there are, hand hif not clamed hin fnrtecn das tha simile be sold lii hauksinn, wen hin korse hif tha ad die feelins hov juntluicn tha wiule make theresel'CS ekarse, rathir than submit two such a degritlashun. Open has this lettre will mete with yure happribashun, hand hexcuse bad spcllin lion akount hoy the hexeitement I labors huiider about Heilwardjames, I remane, Uere Sur, Yurea hafexonatli, TUMMAS WILYUMS. Tfaddlehead, December 19, 1SU2. (.With these letters the discussion on 'Ghost Stories must end.— Ed.] 