MARYBOROUGH. (From our own correspondent.) July 30. The arrivals of the numerous steamers now calling here are making a very decided improvement to the business of the town as well as giving us, for the time being; some appearance of life and activity. Already this week we have had the Williams, Samson, and Queensland, and are anxiously expecting the Yarra Yarra from Sydney. The latter vessel, it is understood, is in future to take the place of the Waratah. The tender of Anderson and Phillips has been accepted for the alteration and additions to be made in the Court-house. The plans and specifications for the new gaol are now lying for inspection by parties wishing to contract for its erection. I greatly fear that this building will look much better on paper than when completed; it is an improvement on our present accommodation for prisoners, and that is all. The size of the building precludes the idea of it being anything more than a temporary gaol ; one, in fact, in which prisoners could not be kept for a sentence of any duration. There is no bath-room, or any of the oISccb ab. solutely necessary to enforce cleanliness and health. This is to be regretted, because, with a little more expense, accommodation might be had for keeping prisoners here instead of forwarding them to Brisbane. My opinion is, that only stern necessity should cause prisoners to be conveyed in a public conveyance either before or after a sentence; it is improper so far as the prisoners are concerned, and most objectionable to those who have to travel by the same boat and therefore, when a gaol had to be built, one ought to have been erected of such a kind as to have kept the prisoners after sentence as well as before. The races have taken up most of our time and attention during the past week. They were a decided improvement on any ever before seen here. The following are the particulars : First Day. First Rob. The Publicans' Purse of 40 sovs.; twice round the course, one event, weight for age. Huntsman (A. G. Alaityn), gg., aged. 1 Captain Cook (W. 0. Giles), br.g., aged. 2 Conservative (J. Broadbent), b.g., aged. 3 Betting was in favor of Conservative, but in passing the stand first time round he ran off the course, followed by Captain Cook. Huntsman got a good start, which he maintained, but was closely followed by Captain Cook. Second Race Maiden Plate of GO sovs. ; one mile and a half, one event; weight for age. No maiden allowance. For all horses never having won an advertised prize at the time of entrance. Second horse to save his stakes. Lurline (J C. Blakeney), him,, 3 years. 1 Sultan (J G. Walker), b.g., aged. 2 Risk (V. Robinson), gr.g. aged dist. £150 to £20 was bet against Lurline. She, however, stripped beautifully, and after a fair start, was never headed. Third Race.-The Hack Race of 10 sovs.. for all untrained horses ; heats, once round the course, carrying lOst. Post entrance. Jim Crow (W. H. Holt). 1 1 Punch (F. Stewart). 2 2 Pollmm (J. Gilbert) . Spitfire (M. Merton) . Young Gent (W. 0. Giles) . Fourth Race The Corinthian Stakes of 40 sovs. ; twice round the course, one event. Gentlemen riders, Weight, 12st. Unknown (Thomas Watson), gg., aged. 1 Billy Buck (J. Broadbent), b.g., aged. 2 Captain Cook ( W. C. Giles), br.g., aged. 3 Coronet (C. Docherty), bar., aged. Faugh-a-ballagh ( George Robinson ), ch g., aged Fifth Race The Ladies' Purse of 30 sovs.; weight for age ; once round the course, boats. Risk (W. Robinson), gr.g., aged 2 1 1 Banco (J G. Walker), bag., aged. 12 2 Remus (W. J. Inman), gr.g., 5 years. 3 3 dr This race lay entirely between Banco and Risk. Remus ran two beats without the ghost of a chance, and was withdrawn. Second Day. First Race -The Hurdle Race of 50 sovs, ; two miles, one event ; over six leaps, 3ft. 9in. high. Welter weights for age ; twice round the course. Pekoe (J. Broadbent), ch g., aged. 1 Captain Cook (W. C. Giles), br.g., aged. 2 Banco (J G. Walker), bag., aged. 3 Eclipse (C. Docherty), brig., aged dist Pelham (J. Gilbert), ch g., aged dist Second Race The Hack Hurdle Race of 20 sovs. ; mile boats, over three leaps, 3ft. 6in. high. Weight for age. Post entrance. For this race several horses started in the first boat, which was won by W. C. Giles' Splinter, ridden by R. F. Allwood; the others being declared distanced. In the second boat. Splinter, on being put to the first hurdle, fell heavily, throwing his rider, who was considerably bruised and shaken. The horse was mounted by another jockey, and after being ridden round the course, was declared the winner. Third Race The Town Plate, of 100 sovs. ; three miles, one event. Weight for age. Second horse to save his stake. Lurline (J C. Blakeney), him., 3 years. J Huntsman (A. G. Martyn), gg., aged. 4 Coronet (C. Docherty), b.g., aged . "J Conservative (J. Broadbent), b.g., aged. 2 Sultan (J G. Walker), b.g., aged dist. Betting again against Lurline. The first time round, the horses were well together, headed by the filly, who kept the lead, followed by Huntsman. The filly appeared quite at her ease and scarcely turned a hair. Huntsman was made to do his best, and bore marks of severe punishment. A protest against the mare was made, on the ground that she has run inside a tree on the course. After an examination by the stewards, there was nothing unfair shown, and she was declared the winner amidst great rejoicing. Fourth Race The Consolation Stakes of -a sovs. ; one mile and a quarter, weight for age., Won by Billy Buck, boating Huntsman and another. Fifth Race The Forced Handicap of 5 sovs. each, from all winners, hacks excepted, with 20 sovs. added. Mile and a-half. Won by Billy Buck. J. 2 o. Sixth Race The Hack Stakes of 10 sovs., one mile and a-half, one event; weight lOst. ; post entrance. Won by Mr. Holt's Jim Crow. After the races a dinner was provided at the Crown and Anchor, at which only about fifteen persons were present. A severe accident occurred to a young woman who was galloping over the course. Her horse ran her against the bough of a tree, which caught in on the throat and face. She was conveyed home, and was insensible for a long time, but isnowrecovering. Another accident happened on the second day on the way home. A party were returning on a dray, on which were several children, one of whom put its leg in contact with the spokes of the wheel. The flesh was torn off the leg in a frightful manner, and the ankle severely sprained. The child is likely to recover, but, in all probability, will be a cripple for life. The prompt manner in which the Colonial Secretary acceded to the petition to grant free passages from Brisbane to Maryborough, to persons hiring for service in the Wide Bay and Burnett districts, appears to have given great satisfaction. The proceedings at the Police Court appear to have been lately enlivened by a charge of assault brought by Cornelius O'Rourke against Edward Booker. Complainant went to defendant's shop to pay a bill, and a misunderstanding arose as to some of the items, the result of which was a "scrimmage," in which a broom handle played a prominent part From the evidence of an eye-witness, however, it appeared that complainant challenged the other to combat, and so the case was dismissed. Township at Musket Fat. Wo are informed that a township will be laid out immediately at Musket Flat, by Mr. Surveyor Davidson, and that the party started on Monday last.- Chronicle. t 