DIVORCE ONLY -IN DEATH; [Communicated.] ? - ? c Sydney, July. In a former paper I endeavoured to show that! even the Old Testament, which by many- is considered strongly to favor divorce a vintulo, was in reality very much opposed to it. But on reading, Mr, Wilson's few words of Friday evening I perceived with regret; that my time had been needlessly wasted, because, forsooth, Catholics had nothing at; all to do with this matter. . No; it is nothing to Catholics that a Bill should pass. which they believe to be injurious to the. imprals of persons of all creeds and ranks) it is nothing to Catholics that temptation should be thrown in tte way of her members — that an apple of, discord, in scribed 'for the vilest,' should be. thrown amongst them ! it is nothing to Catholics to profane and cast to the dogs that which they regard as a Sacrament and a bond indissolu ble in its nature. Let every member, therjj who holds the Catholic idea on this important question let him, in accordance with the original ad vice of Mr. Wilson, retire during the debate to the refreshment-room ; : and then, minority though they be, let them, as they add the . aqueous fluid to the blushiDg brandy, reflect that union is not always strength. Let them, also consider that, strong as the favorers of this measure seem to be, who now band against the interests of society, that ere long they may be hissed back by the -vox Populi into the obscurity from which they sprung. ; We are now living, says this representa tive digger, in an age of progress. Last year the Bill was scouted by the House : it wasn't an age of progress ; this year it has got a more favorable reception : this is the age of progress. Mr. W. forgot to inform us what kind of progress he meant. Ts it progress in democracy ? — progress in public plunder; or senatorial Billingsgate? If so, we grant the hypothesis, and will even allow the hon. member himself a very pro minent position in the march of intellect. Never do we enter the House and hear the hard^ harsh voice of that gentleman, but we are ) instinctively reminded of the raven, whose, hoarse cry is heard wherever destruc tion has set its seal. One night he soars, with sable wing, over the Lands which almost sacrilegious hands would wrest from their original destination. On the next he invades the domestic hearth, and, with ' cadaverous aspect and broken beak,' en deavours to rend the knot which Heaven has tied. That this knot is a Gordian one, which only the sword of death can sever, I have endeavoured to show from the Old Testament, and may, therefore, be pardoned if I make a few remarks on the principal passages relating to it in the New First. from St.. Matthew, we have tvro texts, both of similar import ; but, on account of a pe culiarity of construction, they are interpreted in one way by the favorers of a re marriage, and in a different manner by its opponents. St. Math., 5 c, 32 v. ; ' But I say-to you. that lohosoever shall put away his wife, excepting the cause of fornication maketh her to commit adultery, and he that shall marry \ her that is put away, commtteth adultery.' And again — 19 c, 9 v. : ' And I say to you, that whosoever shall put away his wife,, except it he for fornication, and shall marry another committeth adultery ; and he that shall marry her that is put away committeth adultery.' Any comment made on one of these texts it is evident will apply equally to the other, so I shall take the latter as the subject of a few remarks. Those who think that re marriage is authorised by this text, support their view of the case by stating that the nhrase 'except it be for fornication,' is un derstood after each clause of the sentence, and hence that it should read thus : — ' And I say to you that whosoever shall put away his wife, and shall many another committeth adultery— except it le for forni cation ; and he that shall many her that is put away committeth adultery — except it le for fornication.' ? Tne opposite opinion is that the phrase except &c;, is confined to the first clause, and by no means extends to the other clauses of the sentence. Now, if we attend to the rules generally laid down Hy all commenta tors on the Scripture as to the interpreta tion of sentences, we shall find that th y are decidedly in favor of the latter opinion, for according to those rules a text of Scripture is to be interpreted literally, or as it stands, when it' contains nothing contrary to reason, faith, or morals, or if' there be no other text plainly contrary to such literal translation* Following these rules then the text would be-kthat a man may put away his wife foi adultery, but that he himself commits adul tery if he marries another. This perhaps may be seen more clearly if, as a late writer well observes, we take another English sen tence of similar construction arid see how we shall interpret it, thus— - ' Whosoever shall put ' Whosoever shall punish away his wife except it . his son, except it be be for fornication, and for disobedience, and marrieth another, com- put him to death, corn mitteth adultery.1' mitteth murder.' Now, as no one would say from the com mon; reading of the second sentence, which is. exactly similar to the text that it gave permission to put a son to death for diso bedience, o neither in the interpretation of the text can it hold that permission is given to re-marry on account of fornication. It is plain then that the putting away mentioned in this text is what the Catholic Church has always allowed, a putting away but not a re- marry fngj viz.-— divorce a mensa et toro. , But, allowing that the mining of St. Matthew is at least doubtful, what do the other evangelists say on this subject. In Mark, 10 c. 11 v.t we have the following : 'And he saithio them whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another committeth adultery against her' Also in Luke, 16c 18v. — ' Every one that putteth away Ms wife, and marrieth another committeth adultery ; and he that marrieth her that is put away from her hus band committeth adultery' Here now are texts whose meaning is evident to anyone.. Are they of less authority than St. Matthew ? Does not the Holy Ghost speak equally by the mouth of all three. Moreover the text of St. Luke sets the matter completsly at rest, for he says emphatically 'Every one' -fcc, thus excluding any possible case in which it would not be ad iiltery for him to marry again who had put away his wife. There is another circumstance which de serves to be mentioned on this point. St. Mathew was the first who wrote his Gospel. It was written in Hebrew, but the other inspired penmen wrote in Greek. Are we to imagine that these Evangelists wilfully suppressed in their Gospels a case of divorce in which it would be lawful to re-marry. How is it that in the Gospels of Luke, Mark and John there is no such case men tioned though the two former write on the subject of divorce. 'Che reason i3 evident because they knew of no such case, they were ignorant of any such technicality and therefore they mentioned it not. St. Paul, who wrote his first Epistle to the Corinthians about the time when St. Luke wrote his gospel omits also to mention any such case though he treats of the subject saying in 6 c , 10, 11 v., ' But to them that are mar ried, not I, but the Lord, commandeth that the wife depart not from her husband / and if she depart, that she remain unmarried.' So the Lord commands the wife not to marrv : but the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales says, in this' age of pro gress,' never mind that: we give you per mission for the contrary. If the Bible, then, be plainly opposed to the doctrine of this Bill, how, I ask, can the Protestant members of that Honse legisla'e in opposition to its teaching ? Catholics are blamed by gentlemen of that creed for a want of reverence — a want of submission— a want of faith, let me say, in the teaching of the Sacred Volume. Eheu ! my ProtevStant friend, in this instance, ' De te fabula nar ratur.' Deaf to the voices of Mark, Luke, and Paul, you follow Mr. Wilson into the brambles and briars. Arise, then, Devout Dalgleish, Holy Holroyd. and Saintly Sadleirl — ' Uprouse ye, then, you Bible-loving men1!' — and be the first to pull down the work which, in blindness of heart, you set up, Ah ! I do not wish to be sentimental ; but if this measure pass, many a tear will be B\xe& — many an imprecation uttered, which would have remained hus'ied and unuttered if this Bill had never been introduced. What anomalies will be presented to us by the legalization of divorce ! We shall have orphans whose parents are living ; we shall have wives looking out for more suitable husbands ; we shall have married men going to the bachelor's ball ; and, in addition to the births, deaths, and marriages, we shall have the fourth important announcement — of divorces ! Can those even who may take advantage of this measure— can they, I ask, take up the Scripture, which for many is a comfort in sorrow, and read one of those passages which I have quoted, without a s;gli of remorse, and be forced to murmur, as with trembling hand they close the Sacfid BoL-k— '* Oh ! had we never met, or had we 'never parted, You and I, alas! had ne'er been broken-hearted.' . ..... . n. 