WE R RIB E S ENCA MP hi 'INT. TO THE EDITOR OP TilE AQK. Slit, — Is the Government free from tho charge of ' tiddly winking' as respects the selection of the Werriboe plains for the site of thin year's volunteer encampment? I doubt that very much. It is a ridiculous farce to say that the volunteers can only receive proper instructions on an open plain. If so, why call them out from their own orderly rooms at all ? If they are ever likely to be called upon to show their mii?ht aa sons of Mars, a place like the Werribee plains is about the last position on wliich a prudent com mander would pitch to fight with a lot of raw civilian soldiers against a body of regularly trained troops. If we are ever invaded by a foreign foe, it will be with such a force of trained veterans as would scatter to the winds the whole force of our valorous volunteers on euch ground at the first onset, and where could thev'retreat to for a fresh rally on Werribee plains ? This seems to have been the idea of Cjlonel Pitt when he selected Sur.bury instead. And thoueh the Treasurer ra her .-.iumtily repudiates his selection | ot the latter site, I am inclined to give more cre dence to Mr Sallivan's statement, that the pallant offi er in question did select Sunburv in pre ference to Wemb-e Plains. The statement in your Collins stre. t contemporary of this morning as to want of water at Sunbury is as gross a per version of truth as ever was penned. Why, a more beautiful constant flowing stream than Jackson's Creek I do not think can be found in Victoria. A. better reason ior the rejection of Sunbury than want of water must be adduced to find converts in favor of the Werribee. All eorfs of military movements might be taught t»t Sun- - bury with success from the peculiar nature of the ground; and it in most likely on Bueh ground that our gallant guardians will be called upon to show their prowess, if at all. If we are to go to the t-xpfinse of training men to arms, let it he in such a manner that their servi ces may be of some avail when called upon in the hour of need, and not for the sake of mere raree show. ' For real useful warlike exercise, Sunbury is beyond comp ire the most eligible site. Did the Maori select an open plain for their encounter J with the military and colonist volunteers in New Zealand ? Did the greatest general of the day, the brave Garibaldi, select open plains on which to place hi3 enthusiastic but untrained bands of brave volunteers, while wresting the freedom of his darling Italy from the sanguinary grasp of the cru^l despot ? 'Would the heighis of Alma have ever been taken by soldiers only aecurwrncd to manosavre on a bleak plain r But the rc-Mon why the Werribee is selected, is naively stat '.d bv our honorable Tie^urer to ba — 'He might also mention thit £1000 was to be offered as a vrize by Mr Chirnside.' And so to oblige a squatter who is friendly to the present Government, and a leading memoer of that mj's terious but all-powerful body, the Victorian As sociation, they de:rm it politic to pander to the vanity of this parvenu of fortune, by having the review on his lordly domain, ignoiing the effi ciency which our volunteers might attain by a few days exercise en much more suitable ground for military practice. ? You^s, &c.; , ACHILLES' GHOST. 30 Ih March, 1862. [Of course, in the event of an invasion the volunteer* would invite the foe to an encounter on tho Werribee, and it is not to be presumed that they would be ao un°eaerouj esto define the in vitation ! — Ed. Aoe ] 