FRIDAY, JULY 11, 1862. Tho news by the mail from America has confirmed the intelligence received two days ago from Sydney. The more important facts, so abruptly announced in our Sydney telegram, are proved to be true, at least to the letter. The Northern arms have been crowded with an almost unbroken ccriea of Miecesses; and, according to every principle of war, the Confederates ought to be at the point of annihilation. The fuller dotaiib of the war give us, however, a ICES hopeless view of tho Southern situation. The some- what inexplicable surrender of New Orleans was duo rather to a dor.liin % coup de-main on tho part of the Federal naval oom mander, who steamed past, tbe defend- ing batteries' with his gunboat?, and sur- prised the almost unarmed city, than to the operations of tbe army under General BUTLER. Tho Confederates seem to have beon confident of the natural strength of their position, and displayed an unaccountable reniissncEs iu taking advantagp of the opportunities whioh have be'en given them, for proteotitig tha city by water. They retired in good order, however, to swell the main army of the West, under General BEAU itEGARD, leaving to the conquerors a bloodless triumph, and an equivocal ad- vantage. The Southern journals speak of their loss with perfeot equanimity, relying on tho 6ammer heats of the Southern capital to avengo them on the invading Yankees. Ia Virginia, tho evacuation of York- town is perhaps it still moro important blow to tlio Confederate cause. Tha position, wo aro informed, had bean carefully caoscii for its defensive capa- bilities, and it had been fortified by works of immense extent and strength, expressly for the proteotiou of Bioh mond. It would seem, howey«-?, that the manifest superiority of the Federals by sea and river, and ths fear of being overlapped and out off by General M'OLELLAN'S lieutenants, BANKS and M'DOWELL, have induced Presidoni DAVIS to niter his plans. As a counoil of war, held on the 30th of April, four .days after the capturo of New Orleans, it was resolved to abandon tho position at Yorktown, and to fall back upon Richmond. Tho retreat was not tffcoted without IOES. A detaobinont of the Southerners, having made a fierce attaok upan the advancing enemy, was, after an engagement of five hours, defeated, and forced back upon its c&Ltre;, leaving the whole peninsula between the Yo« aud tho James Rivers iu the hands of tbo Federalists. The capital of the CoD federaoy, Richmond itself, ig placed ii considerable jeopardy by these mo?«' ments, and there are not wanting Yacke« reports, in anticipation, prrbaps, of tia event, which declaro that Richmond lu ehar.'d the fato of New Orl ans Alala -telegram, however, via Jubal, inform! us of tho defeat of tho Federal naval force in the James River-a piece of news as unexpeoted and unaocountable as any which has como by this mail. The numerous reverses sustained bj tho South have unquestionably shaken it* prestige among those who bave sym- pathized with ils struggle for inde* pendeme, and who wished success to its oause. Tho rfsistanoo offered by (le Confederates, even to the overwhelm- ing force of the enemy, is by ni means of suc-h. a oharaoter as might havo been expected. There has been scarcely any trace of military talen» shown in tho field, and there has been« singular carelessness or incspaoity in tho use of the natural resources enjoyed by the South. Tho "coming man," whp WB8_ to lead the Southern hosts I» victory, is still on his way, and is no» rather over-due. The Confederate gene- rals, as a rule, have shown no moroskill or enterprise than thoso of the North; and excopt at Corinth, and at ona of two other places, tho Confederate armies havo not exhibited that superioiity in soldiership, whioh w8 were" led to ex- pect from the . Southern population. Making every allowance for their infe- riority in numbors, in discipline, in equipment, and in the resources of fftfi tho Southerners have not displayT thoso military qualities which Ball'« Run seemed to promise; and while tie volunteers of the North havo Me» steadily improving in thoir organization there has been peroeptiblo no correspond- ing improvement on tbo side of t»J South. On the other haBd, we caw deteot any falling off in the spirit ffW actuated the promotora of the EecessioD. Tho Southerners continue as bitterly hostile aä ever to tho Yankees, and it" diffioult to believe thoy oan, under«/ ciroumstanoes, again form, parts of B» samo nation. The population of Ne» Orleans, while submitting sullenly1» its conquerors, has thown unruietw able proof of its enmity to the UM* The mayor and tho chief oitizeus lit» refused to take the oath of »Urgíame H thoir new masters, and the^ pi»"}*" along the banks of tho Miesirnippij a\ Boracwhat suicidal fashion, have «».** their feelings by the wholosalo burning of thoir ¿tores of ootton. Tho unexpected successes of the North hove undoubtedly thrown great power into the hands of Mr. LINCOLN'S own party, and wo need not bo surprised to hear that a resolution abolishing slavery within the territory of the Union, has passed the House of Ropre Bontatives. There is nothing msro to be gained by the North from slavery what moro natural, therefore, than that the Abolitionibts should bo in a majo- rity ? Tho South is politically oxtinot, in any event, as a portion of tho Union i -tho property of Southerner, there-1 fore, is fair gamo to the conquerors. It is true that thp negroes themselves have shown no dciro to profit by tho opportunity afFordcd thom, and that tbey have, almost without oxooption, adhored to the fortunes of their masters j but when has the North ever consulted the feelings of tho negro himself on the question of slavery? It is important juBfc now that Mr. LINCOLN'S Govern- ment should havo a good character in the eyes of Europe; and there is no such oheap and easy way of gaining what FALSTAFF calls " a commodity of good " names," as at the úpense of the beaten " rebels." Tho hasto with whioh the captured Southern ports hivo boen thrown open to commerce clearly de- notes the desire of anticipating any awkward deoision on tho part of Bog land or I ranee in the matter of the blockades. The organs of Mr. LIN- COLN aro proud to onn'unco that the ootton ports arc onoe moro available to theshifsof tho woildj not caring to remind us that the ootton itself is fur- nishing bonfires to the dwellers on the Mississippi. American affairs continue to raono .polizo our interest in the European mail, although the news from the older oontinent is of unusual significance. Tho King of ITAIJY has been re- ceived at Naplos wish an enthu- siasm whioh ought to satisfy those who s'i'l entertain a lingering be- lief in the popularity of tho Papal Bourbon regime among the Italians of the South. Nothing could'bo more genuino and from tho heart, than the welcome given to ii re galaniuomo by tho Neapolitans, and no European monarch ever had a better earnest of the loyalty of his subjeots. It speak* much for the solf-oontrol to which the KING h&3 brought him solf, that ho was ablo to resist the ono universal cry whioh urged him cn to Rome and Venice. It io impossible that he can be long kept from his reward. The recall of General GOYON from the Papal city would seem to bo only a preludo to tho withdrawal of the Frenoh array-and then Rome is once moro tho capital of Italy. The an- nouncement by AuBtria of a polioy of strict non-intervention wou'd seem to indioato that sho anticipates, and is prepared for, such a contingency. In the meantime, while tho chair of St. PETER is ßlipping from under him (in a secular senEe), the POPE is piously ongaged, with bia four hundred bichops, in the oanonizition of some Japanese martyrs. The opening of tho International Exhibition has been the great event of tho day in Eiigland. The interest of tho oooa3Îon waa perhaps as muoh less than that of tho former ono, as the building of 18G2 ia inferior to its pre _ deoesäor. But Captain FOWKE'S aggra ' vated railway-shed apart, which is a miraole of ugliness the ceremony of the opening seems to have been a perfcot suocess in everything not relating to poor Victoria. AmoDg the commission- ers in tho procession figured Sir RED- MOND BARRY-but among tho exhibits, ( whero wa3 our golden pyramid? Up to the latest accounts, this monument of our wealth and industry had not beon erected, although more than throo wobks had elapsed. On tho opening day, a few loose Btioks of timber, odd bales of wool, and models of fruit, wero all wo bad to exhibit to tho eyes of the curious world -" so we barricaded tho entrance," says the judicious Mr. KNIGIIT, "with " large balcb." Some gratitude is naively expressed by tho soorotary that the public required some of the spaco allotted to Vietoiia, so that "wo were " glad of the excuso for not filling it " with goods." It is to be hoped that the exertions of our representatives will yet enable us to make a decent show at the "World's Fair ; but it is vexatious to know that a good deal of tho effect of our contribution has beon spoilt through the stupid polioy whioh delayed the goods in Melbourne, for tho sake of a few moro pounds from the looal sight- seer». By the Madras we have our filos from China bo the Mity 26, from Calcutta, to Juno 9, from Bombay to May 24, from Madras to June 15, from Singapore to Juno 17, and from Ceylon (Colombo) to tho same dato. Wo havo also our flics from Westorn Australia (Perth) to June 25. The Board of Agriculture having offered a pre- mium of £50, under conditions published in April last, for the best design and specification for a dwellinghouso and furia steading for a farm of 160 acres, oompotitots were requested lo fur- nish their planBbeforo the lGth ult. The oounoi1 met on the 18th Juno, and inspeotod the «oven toon designs sent in ¡ but, considering their im- portance, and the necessity for a full examina- tion of them in detail, a sub committee, consist- ing of tho Hon. W. F. Mitchell, M.L.O., the Hon. Francis Robertson, M.L.O,, Mr, J. 0. Riddell, M.Ii.A., and Mr. Wm. Lyall, was appointed to inspect the plans as occasion might suit, and form thoir own individual opinion upon the merits of each. It was decided that a special meeting of tho council should be held on the 2nd July, the sub committeo mooting nt an early hour that day, to decide upon the most suitable design and to report thereupon to the oouuoil. The sub-committee met, and aftor thoroughly weighing the merits of ouch design, having reduced tho number for competition to four, it was after much délibération ultimately agreed 'to propose the one with tho motto " Semper Paratus," desiga B, as woll deserving the premium offered by tho board ; after a very careful inspection of the designs brought up by the committee, it was tho unanimous opinion of the council that tho arrangements, for the farm steading especially, in design B were so complete that no suggestion oould bo offerod for their im- provement. And the report of tho committee was adopted. Design A, with the samo motto, was conatdared almost equal to the former one, and was specially commended. Tho other de ' aigna referred to tho caanoil by tho committee wore considered of much merit, and evidently showed that great care wad attention had been j bes'.offed upon them. The motto " Simper Pa roliu " ita« then opened, and the name of the successful competitor waa found to be Mr. A. Fur chas, Temple- court, Melbourne. It iu tho inten- tion of tbo board to have tho prize design litho- graphed, nnd forwarded to the several ngrlcul uial societies in connexion with tbo board, alón* nilli the specification, so i hat tho farmers oan obtain copies on application to tho societies. (Joined will' also be kept at tho offices of the board for inspection of the farming public; generally, which will bo at all times accossiblont reasonable hours. By permission of tho competitors, the designs are now open for the inspection of tho publia at tho offices of tho board, 131 LonBdale-street west, Tho following is an extract from a let'.er re- ceived by Mr. Geo. Sprigg, from his brother, Mr. W. 0. Sprigg :-" Tho attention bein»; given by tho mercantile men in Melbourne to the subject of a second mail service had been partly anti- cipated ia Sogland, and several influential colo- nists had been engaged on the question. It seems likely that the Union Steamthip Company, who now hold the contract for the Copo malin, may bo induced to take up the service. It is proposed to establish tho line with seven suitable steamers, taking their dfpirture from South- ampton, calling at tho Capo, aud stopping finally at Adelaide or Mclbourno, or alternately at each port, roturning by way of Mauritius and tbo CBpo of Good Hopo. Tho mail would leave South- ampton twelve days after the present mail ship's dcpoiture, or seven dujs after tho post by way of Marseilles. The length of tho voyage to Adelaide or,Mclbourno would bo tixly days, probably ICES. The mail would leavo tho colonies fourteen days from the present service by the Peninsular and Oriental Co,, and be irausferred ot the Mauritius to the steamer for Aden, and hu fifty-fivo days to London. Pahoençers would havu the option of concluding the voyage hy way of tho lied Sea or by tbo tamo ship ita the Capo of Good Hopo ; tho entire homeward paseago occupying sixty eight dayB, ptobably leap. Two ehips are already building which would bo placed on tha lino, and others would be built euitublo to tho trado, and with all modern improvomonls in marino on giocerin?. It ia conlidcntly anticipated that the scrvico would be rapidly and efficiently per forruid, and would givo lo passengers tbo accom- modation which ia now BO much required. The company would bo ready in about eight or ton months from the conclusion of the con'raot. It is to bo hoped that this proposition may, bo BO met by the colonies as to secure the foitnightly mail." Wo havo received, in a letter dated Valparaiso, March 31, the following occount of a fire on board tho King of Italy :-" The King of Italy left Port Philip HcodB on Sunday, the 2ud of February, and proceeded rapidly on her voyage until Saturday, the loth (February). We were running before a galo of nind, at the ralo of thirteen knots per hour ; tho windBatl waa down tho companion of tho uftorhateh as usual, nlth the intention of keeping iho hold sweet ; ono of tho passengers called the mate's attention to a peculiar smell ifsuing from the hold, and ho im- mediately went dowu, but could not deteot any smell of smoke ; nothing more was thoupht of it, as it was put down as tho stench from tho hides and bones in the lower hold. About one o'clock smoke suddenly rushed up, and of courso created great alarm and confusion-women and children running out of tbeir cabins, &o.; Tbo' liret thing done waa lo tnko down tho windnail, and batten the hatch down. We then cut holea on each side of Iho hatch, but could not dis- cover any flames. We out them further forword, and kept up a continued supply of water pouring down them. Wo next went into tho house on deck with the axo to cut a hole, when it went , through at tho first blow, and up rushed tbo flames. For a timo tho men were almost I suffocated with the smoke, until the sides of tho house wero knookod in ; and affer five or six hourB ns fast as wo could pour the water down, wo began to master tho flamea, and at length they were entirely quenched, when tho crow gave three hearty cheers, Wo poured water down forty-flvo holes cut in tho deck, each six buckets twelve' times a day, which makes about 3,500 per day ; and tho course was altered for Valparaiso. Nothing more of any importance occurred until Friday evening, 28lh February, at about nine o'clock, when one of the sailors was uncovering a hole in tho house to pour tho water down, when again the flames carno up-this alarm seemed, if anything, worse than tho first, ai it was pitch dark, and we in such a nervous stato,-but after about two hours, Ihcy wero again smothered, and wo have been enabled lo keep them under until our arrival here, on Monday, 17th March, We have co-no a distance of 4,000 miles sinco tho lira first broko out, and each day, considering the stato of inind wo wero in, Beemed like a month almost. The boats wero all got in readiness, stores wero placed in them, wa'er-casks already elung for them, and every ono on hoard op poiutcd to his respective boat. It will take about thrco months before wo will bo ready for-sea, I and very little of tho cargo will be fit to go in hor again. The passengers aro all living on I shoro, and are in perfect health. The origin of I tho firo is supposed to havo been through spon- taneous combustion of tho greasy wool," We have our files from Hobart Town to July 7, and from Launceston to July 8. The sudden death of John Tooher, puntsman at tho Studley Park Ferry, was investigated yes- terday by the district coroner. According to tho evidence of his wife, the deceased (who was forty five years of age) had for some time past been suffering from headaches, and Dr. Coomba had prescribed for him on that account, On Tues- day last he appeared much bettor, but on Wed- nesday ho suddenly became worse, and the priest and deotor were sent for. Dr. Clarke arrived soon, but he was too lato to be of service, for the deceased was in a comatose state, from which he never recovered, but died in a few minutes after the doctor saw him. Both medical gentlemen gavo evidonce at the inquest ; and tho jury returned the simple verdict, "Died from opoploxy." An inquest was held by tho district coroner, yestorday, upon the body of Ann Eleanor liimp ton, a child, who had died on tho day before, aftor falling into a tub of hot water. From the evidence of Margaret Conbrough, a ohartroman, and Elizabeth Ilayson, a servant, it transpired that they were both engaged'at washing-tuba in the kitchen of Mr. Kimpton, a baker, residing in Brunswick- street, Fitzroy, on Wednesday morn- ing laBt, There was a tub of very hot water in a corner of the room, and the deceased, a child of two years of age, was playing about the place. Buddonly the child was board to scream violently! and the two women, turning round, saw the little thing sitting in the tub of hot water. She was taken out dreadfully scalded. Dr. Tracy was sent for, and he applied tho usual remedies, but the deeoasod never rallied, and convulsions sotting in, she died in the evening. The jury found " That tho doceased had died from the effects of scalds, accidentally received by falling into a tub of hot water." A meeting of tho committee previously ap- pointed " to devise tho best means of raising a testimonial to Mr. Wilson Gray" met yesterday afternoon, in tho Criterion Hotel ; Mr. Kenny, late of Sands and Ronny, in the ohair. Mr. Gray was present by invitation, and It was inti- mated to him by-the chairman that it was pro- posed to raise bypublio subscription a money testimonial, as a recognition of his publio aorvices, and that a number of gentlemen, of all shades of political opinion, had already guaranteed £500 as a commencement, Mr. Gray briefly stated his reasons for declining tho proffered compliment ; and the committee resolved to return such dona- tions as had been received, and to discontinue their efforts. l Wo are informed that the S tudley Park Bridge, j whioh WM formerly suspended from throe arched ribs of timber, has been improved by the re- moval of tbo centra arch, which wai found to obstruct traffic. A compensating arch has been placed below; -and previous to reopening the bridgo to tho public tho work has been submitted to a sivcre test, to gain assuranco of itfl stability. At tho County Court yes'crday, a ease was tried io which tho Emerald Hill Municipal Council defended a claim for JE220, mudo hy Mr. Mills, a contractor, aa balauce of a contract per- formed by him. It appeared that tho plaintiff had takoa a contract for the-- formation of certain streets at'Emorald IMI, and that, according io custom, a month had to elapso boforo tho balance of his account should be paid to kim. On the 7th May ho considered he had finished his contract ; but, instead of waiting the usual time, he served a summons on the council on tbo 23rd of the same month. The Court considered the plaintiff had boan too precipítalo, and nonsuited him. The Kew Municipal Council are anxious to obtain possession of the thirteen acres of Crown land adjoining the Boroondara Cemetery, for the purpose of converting it into a botanic garden. The site was granted some time since as a cemetery to the Richmond Municipal Council, on condition that they took it up within a certain period. That body having failed to comply with the conditions of the grant, Mr. J. Halfey and Mr. J. Carson attended yesterday, as a deputa- tion from Kew, before the President of the Board of Land and Works, to press the claims of that locality upon the Govern- ment. Mr. Halfey observed that the piece of land in question wag going to the bad very fast. Wood carters wore constantly taking timber from it, and the site would be a complete waste in a short time. When application was made for the site on a former occasion; the Mu- nicipal Council were met by the statement that already Kew had two public places of recreation, but the Municipal Council had only under its con- trol a small reserve of eight acres. Mr. Duffy called attention to Studley Park. Mr. Halfey observed that, instead of being a benefit to the neighbourhood, Studley Park was fast be- coming a nuisance. Mr. Duffy thought there were few towns that would not be charmed to have such a reserve. Mr. Carson complained that females were insulted in Studley Park, that the footpaths were damaged by drays, and that the cattle were not confined to their grazing ground. The Surveyor General said he was in the park almost every Sunday, and could say that ths population who visited it seemed exceed- ingly well behavsd. Mr. Duffy observed that the ranger should have instructions to prevent the other irregularities complained of. Mr. Carson suggested the fencing of the park, and the placing on duty there of two constables on Sunday and holidays. Mr. Duffy said he had no funds at his command for fencing ; Parliament had granted only £3,000 for the whole colony, and the fencing of Studley Park would probably cost £1,000. With regard to the employment of constables, no doubt if the Chief Secretary wore memorialized on the subject the prayer would be granted. The Surveyor General observed that the great beauty of Studley Park was its not being fenced. Mr. Carson asked that the conservation of the park should be vested in the Kew Municipal Council. Mr. Duffy remarked that four years ago he pro- posed to entrust the management of the park to trustees, fairly representing the neighbouring dis- tricts of Collingwood, Kew, and Boroondara, and he had no objection to do that now. With re- gard to the special business of the deputation, he could only observe that, before coming to any decision, he must hear what the Richmond people had to say on the subject. He would, therefore, appoint that day fortnight for receiving a depu- tation from Richmond, and determining finally what should be done in the matter. A police-constable named Hugh Clugson was yesterday brought up at the Fiiaroy Polico Court, charged with commi ting a very violent assault upon John Ward, of Johnston-street, Collingwood. The complainant wa3 unablo to appear, and the case was thereforo remanded for a week, The injuries «hieb. Ward has received are of such a serious charaotcr that his lito is in danger, and it has been deemed necessary to take his deposi- tion in the presence of two magistrates- Mr. G. U. Bidloy, and Mr. G. B. Hailes. The full particulars of the assault havo not yet been disclosed ; but, according to the statement mido by Ward, it would appear that on Wednesday morning, about hnlf-pa«t ona o'clock, he was coming along tho Heidolberg-road to Melbourno, carrying a saddle and bridle, when he mot a con- stable and two detectives. The constable, sus- pecting that tho saddle and bridle wero stolon, asked tho man come questions about them, in reply to whioh he said thoy woro his own. Tho constable said he would take him into custody on Buspioion of Btealing them, and told Ward to fol- low him. Oomplainnnt walkod along with the constable for some distance, and then, being tired, he sat down on a heap of stones on the roadside, and smoked a pipe. The con- stable seems to havo got tired of wailing for his prisoner, and told him to "Como on." Ward said, " Stop a bit," and tho constable repeated "Come on," and hit the complainant, who foil on the ground. Ward deposed that fire came in MB eye from the force of the blow he received, and the constable immediately hit him again. Complainant became insenslblo, and did not recoves consciousness until about eight o'clock in the morning, but in the mean timo ho had beon conveyed to tho watcbhouso, When ho came to bia senses, ho was told by a policeman that he had fallon off a horso, and another constable aitked him if he knew the man who had struck him. Ward replied "No;" and tho constablo who asked tho question said that ho was the mau. He added that he would not havo struck him had not Ward hit him first, and he asked the plaintiff to forgivo him. On cross examination, by Clugson, who was present when this examination took placo, Ward admitted that he had had a scuffle with the constable, and said he could not remember vt bother ho struck tho constable before ho received a blow him- self, Ho denied, however, having used abusive language to the constable, or having tried to effect his eioape. Ward has received severo in- juries on the head, his skull being fractured, and the injuries appear to havo been infliciod by blows from a constable's baton. A German named John Williams, a shepherd on bia way to Queensland, was in the Albert Hotel, Stcphon-streor, on Wednesday afternoon last, where ho was accosted by two mon, named Smith and Donovan, who, by pretending to know him, induced him to go homo with thom to thoir houso off Little Bourko-street, whore there was a third mau, named Porter, lying »Bleep. After a little preliminary drinking, tho hosts proceeded to business,-viz., to assault and rob him. This they did ; and at Inst poor Williams got away, I and told his tale to the police. All threo offen i ders woro at once arrested, and brought before j» tho City Police Court yesterday, when they were I committed for trial. * A rifle match between tea volunteers of Williamstown and ton of Ballarat, will come off at Ballarat on Saturday next. Tho ohallengo was first forwarded from Williamstown, 'and readily accepted by tho up-country mon, who are perhaps anxious to try their metal after their defeat at Sandhurst, The Williamstown company will be composed half of artillerymen from Captain Bull's company, and half of rifle men from Oapt. Stewart's company. Both the captain« are themselves amongst the com- petitors. We informed our readers a few days since of a sad accident which occurred to a Mrs. Ann Park, whose clothes caught fire and severely burned her. The poor woman has since died, and an inquest was held on her remains by the district coroner yesterday, but there were very few facts elicited. The woman lived with her husband, Nimrod Park, in La Trobe-street, and all that was known of the accident was supplied by her own statement, made before death to Mr. James, assistant resident surgeon at the hospital, to whom she said she supposed a candle which fell off the table must have set fire to her dress, whereupon she ran into the street. After that she recollected nothing. It appeared from the evidence of the neighbours and a constable, that when the deceased ran into the street the burn- ing clothes were torn off her, and she was wrapped in a blanket and taken first to the Western Hotel, and afterwards to the hospital. She never rallied, and died on Wednes- day last, imputing no blame to any one. The husband, with whom the deceased had quar- relled on the day before the accident, was in a drunken sleep in one of the rooms of his house during the occurrence. The jury returned a ver- dict that the deceased died from severe burns from her clothes catching fire, and that there was no evidence to show how the fire origi- nated. N. Kiuiman, an auctioneer, residing in Fitz- roy, was summoned before tho Fitzroy bench of rnagistratcB yesterday, on a charpo of illegally obtaining possession of a £5-aote, the pro- perly of ono Elias Jeffrey. Three btone cottages, situated in Argyle-streot, Fitzroy, wero ndvertiscd lo bo sold by nuction on the 3.d of Juno. The defendant was tho auctioneer, and tho cot'ages woro announced as possessing a frontage of forty-two feet, with o dop'.h of 121 feet. The proper y was first put up in ono lot but 03 no satisfactory bid was received, it was afterwnrda offered in threo soparnte lots, and one of the cottages «aiknocked down to Mr. Jeffrey at the price of ¿86. Ho paid £5 at a deposit, and a few days afterwards, called at the defendant's place of business and signed the bill or agreement of sale. Immediately after tun complainant Mgncd this document, the defendant made some remarks to his olork vthich caused Mr. Jiffrey to nfk cor ain questions, in reply to which tbo défendant stated that the depth of the grouud belonging to the cottago whioh had beon pur- chased wns onlysoventy feet. Mr, Jtffrr-y said ho had bought tho property on tho representa- tion that thoro was a depth of 121ft,, aud thero foro he refu«d to pay iho remainder of tho purchase-money, and demanded his deposit back. Mr. Kinsmau rc'ustd to return it, and heneo the present, summons. The magistrates ordered the defendant to refund the £5, and to pay £2 21. costs. _ Tho importance of rendering navigable the lakcB of Gipps Lind, and opening up a communication by water from Port Albert to the interior, was brought under tho notice of tho President of the Board of Land and Works yestorday, by a depu- tation consisting of Dr. Mackay, M.L.A., Dr. Hedley, M.L.A., and Mr, W. Pearson. It waB stated that the work could be accomplished for £20,000, und that it would be a great accommo- dation to the whole of Gipps Land. The sur- veyor-goaeral (Mr. Ligar), who w»3 present at the interview, expressed his doubts whether the project would benefit n'oro than a fow Btationo. Dr. Hedley said it would ho tho means of taking goods to Sale at a quarter of the expense in- curred now, and would in consequenoo bo a great benefit to tho miners on the Jordan aud at the Crooked Uiver. The carriage overland from Port Albert to Sale was very expensive, on account of the fearfully bad road. As much money had been spont on tho road ns would render the lakes navigable, and yet the road was impassable The subsoil wn3 capablo of sustain- ing a road, but thero was a deficiency of material -there wero no stones whatever in the diB-rict. The deputation expressed the hope that the Government would instruct nu officer to go down to Gipps Lind and ascertain the feasi- bility of tbo scheme, in order that thoy might bo in a position to dotermino whether it would not ba much cheaper to carry out this work than to throw away any moro money on tho main road. Mr. Duffy said ho would take the opinion of the Inspector-general of publia works on the subject ; and if that gen- tleman were of opinion that ¡t would bo advisable for the survey to be made, ho would ask bis col- leagues to consent to undertake the expendi- ture, and afterwards bring down a vote as for an unexpected service. Dr. Mnokay also called attention to tho importance of having local land offices in Gipps Land, so that people desirous of becoming freeholders in that poition of the colony, under the new Lind Act, might have no diffi- culties thrown in their way. Mr. Duffy said thnt wherever there was n sub-treasury, the sub-trea- surer had boen appointed the land officer, and the Minister of Finance had been asked to consent to the appointment of sub-treasurers at places where tbero woro no sub-treasurios. This ques- tion was now under the considération of that gen.loman,; but, under any circumstances, the land offices would be made as accessible as possi- ble to people desirous of purchasing land. Dr, Mackay theu asked if sufficient land could bo reserved between Welshpool and Sale, for tho making of a tramway or road? Mr. Duffy intimated that thero would bo no objection, and, after some further conversation, the inter- view terminated; The Municipal Council of Sandridgo held its usual weekly meeting: last cvoning, Councillor Morley presiding as chairman. The first busi- ness was to consider the propriety of rescinding tho existing levels from Brldgo-stroet to Inglis street. This matter had boen brought forward from tho previous meeting,'and a call of the wholo council had boon made for its further con- sideration this evening. That call was inado, and Councillors Swallow and Plummer were found to bo absent. As the drain had not yet boon com- pleted, tho whole subjeot was held over for a week. Letters from the Fitzroy Municipal Council nuking the Sandridge Council to subrcribo £5 towards the expense of deciding in the Supreme Court certain moot-pointB respecting the collec- tion of arrears of rates and other matters, and from tho Williamstown Municipal Council asking for assistance and support in calling the attention of Government to tho great loss sustained by the exemption, not only of Government officers, but the residents of Government servants, from rates, were read, and referrod-to the Legislative Committee, Letters were also received from tho Crown Lands Office, stating that the Crown grants of the Market Reservo and the Municipal Chamber Re- serve woro ready for issue, but that the Govern- ment declined to grant the land proposed to he appropriated as a fish-market reservo ; 'and from the Chief Secretary's offico, stating that five bye lawn, regulating the construction of cesspools, the deposit of building materials in the streets, the inspection of common lodging-houses, tho slaughtering of animals within the township, and the preservation of the footpaths, had been approved of bj tho Government. Tbo weekly accounts, amounting'to £177 Ile. 3d. for public works, and £20 6s. 9d. for ordinary expenses, wero then passed, and the council instructed the townclork to wait upon the hon. Minister of Finanoe, and in company with one member of the council, press upon the attention of Go- vernment the necessity for the immediate payment of tho amount of tho grant in aid to municipalities allotted to Sandridge. Upon tho motion of Councillors Murphy and Byrne, the council agroed to form themselves into a depu- tation to press upon tbo Government tho im- portance of extending tho municipal boundary in the direction of the Fishermen's Bend, and the business of the mooting terminated. A singular case of obstructing the police was brought before tho City Police Court yesterday, the persons charged with the offence being Mr. T. P. Fleetwood and Henry Sharp. According to the statement of tho prosecutor, Constable Barrett, he was at about two o'clock that morn- ing taking a disorderly woman to the lock-up, when four persons, two of whom wero tho prisonors, commenced hooting and yelling. The consequence was that the woman becamo obstreperous, and another policeman had to be called upon to assist in conveying her to the watohhouse. On his return from the watohhouse, Barrett met the pri soners, with whom he remonstrated on their be- haviour. They replied with foul languaigo, whereupon he and Senior-constable Summerhayes and Constable Slattery arrested them, and took them to the lock-up, where they wore admitted to bail. This evidence was mainly corroborated by Summerhayes and Slattery, tho woman arrested, and the lock-up keeper, but the Bench dismissed the case, holding that Barrett was wrong in addressing the offenders the second lime, and that it was not plain which of tho four persons on the footpath had been guilty of tbo yelling and' hooting. The following is tho return of the Mclbourno Hospital for the week ending yesterday ¡-Ad- mitted duriog the week, G1; discharged, 20; died, 11 ; remaining in the house, 355 ; out- patients in attendance, 1,157. Number of at- tendances of the hon. medical -officeis-Physi- cians, 49 ; surgeons, 43. All arms of the Carlton R:fles are to be taken to the Orderly-room not later than Boven to-mor- row evening. New Lancaster rifles will be served out on Tuesday night next. The Commissioner of Trado and Customs was, it appears, in Ballarat yesterday, whon he re coived deputations with rcferenco to various local wants. Tho West Melbourne Rifles meet at Danker's Hotel this afternoon, at five o'clock. It will be seen that Mr. Smith stood at the head of the poll at Castlemaiuo. A meeting was convened for last evening at Emerald Hil), of tho friends of Mr. James Ser vico, M.L.A.- who, we are infomeel, is about to leave the colony for a short time-for tho pur- pose of deciding; upon the best means of testifying their respect for that gentleman, and their ap- preciation of the services he has rendered ae a member of tho Legislative Assembly. Tho meeting won appointed for eight O'clock, but ai for an hour afterwards there was no appearanco cf the gentlemen tvho convened it, our reporter loft. The election of non-commissioncdoflioors in the No. 1 Buttery ( Welbourne), R V.V. Artillery, yesterday evening, resulted in the nomination of the following gentlemen for the approval of His Excellency tho Governor, namely-Mr. H. F. Elton as sergeant, and Messrs. Clarke and Fearon as corporals. Moncrieffs farce of tha "Spectre Bridegroom" has kept possession of the stage forty years, and osed much of its success originally to "littlo Knight," the first representative of Dickorj The story upon which it is founded is derived from Washington Irving's (-ketch Book, but tho scene has boen transferred from Gormany to EnglanJ, and tho best character in tho piece, that of the siiporslitious servant, is Moncrieffs own. Mr. Jtlfersou undertakes it at the Prin- cess's Theatre, and imbues, or rather saturates it with humour. The cowardice ho dlcplajs is so intense, so impressive, and so ludicrously real, that tho audience aro not at all surprised to find it communicating itself to the other inombets of tho Aldwinkle family; and as the supposed ghost presents himself at most unex- pected moments, and breaks in upon Dickory when the latter is surrendering himself to tho natural hilarity of his disposition, the actor is onabled to present some vivid con- trasts ; to abruptly torminato an outburst of rustic mirth by an access of superstitious terror, and to pass from one violent emotion to its oppo- site, with n suddenness that is immensely divert- ing. Mr. Lambert's goniality of manner is dis- played with happy effect in tho oharacter of Squiro Aldwinkle, who first of all believes that his servant's fears aro tho result of intoxication, and then participates in thom himself. Mr. Ireland's Nicodemus has enough of the ghostly element about it to encourage tho mistake which originated with Diokory ; and Mr. Harwood makes Paul more than sufficiently lugubrious. The " Cricket on tho Hearth" is to be produced on Saturday; and tho company has been still further strengthened by the addition of Miss Emma Novillo, who is to appear OB Tilly Slow boy. 