THE CANONISATION oT^THR^ JAPANESE MARTYRS. The correspondent of the Time,, who enioTf. the privilege of being present at the grandee, mony, thus describes it, writing from Vie „„' the 8th inst. : — The Porta Santa Maria at which place all Ki vileged persons are ordered to enter, isaverviT row entrance, and ladies with enceful hi 1 1 veils, and Palatial Guards and priesto f,0»^ four winds of Heaven, and your own cor dent, arc- all struggling for entrance. Som?t black ties are exchanging thrm hurriedly fc white pocket handkerchiefs, and oth-rs wh not so happy as to have ony reserve of the kin? are trying to get in without anv Ho .1 .11 ..' last, by a strong effort, we overcome alUifficS ties, and, as if we had been shot out of the momi,' of a cannon, we find ourselves in the left tran« t of this gorgeous edifice. And now for my tC which is in the opposite transept, and to which even at the early hour of half-past five o'clock I hate to elbow my way Spruce chamber^ of the Pope, in black velvet dresses Z slnshed bjreecheB ; brilliant Palatial Guards 12 picturesque Swiss Guards and dapper abbali mwi one at every step, looking as fussy and imporian as may be. They are all, however, ,„/ polite and obliging, and I soon find myself seated in , compartment almost wholly occupied by F'errh and Spanish priests. Here I wait patiently' and must detain you too, until the procession Wini About seven the extra-privileged people becin to enter, but are almost lost in the vast multitude which overflows St. Peter's. There are the \M trian and Spanish, and Portuguese and French' and other Ministers, and the Marquis Lavalette' who comes late, is well received by his colleagues' who risa to greet him. There are, too, the smaller fry of consuls, and I see the British uniform among them. Between twenty and thirty are 23. sembled in the diplomatic box, covered with gold and silver, to do honor to the Japanese martyn, A flourish of trumpets announces the arrival of Royal personages, and the Bourbon family enter not, as far as I couid make out, Francisco, for he has be};- indisposed of Ute, but the pretty ex-Queea and her brothers and sisters. If there were other Royal personages I could not distinguish them, And now it is time to light up the 15,000 candles e -.ch weighing 41b, as I am told. The windows' are closely curtained, though a ray of light does now and then break in — for light will penetrale into the thickest darkneEs — and men lied on a small plank are let down from the roof to light the candles round the architraves; and what a dizzy height it is ! They look like crows or 'samphire gatherem' on the cliffs of Dorer, no bigger than your head, and they are drawn up and down several hundred feet above us. One heaves a freer breath as they are hauled up. A3 for the candelabra and the lower lights, they re quire a strong head too ; and now the great spec tacle is prepared. Yet the effect is not brilliant ? so vast are the proportions of the church that it is in comparative darkness, as if stars of the fourth magnitude were glittering faintly. Seen from without, the walls had the appearance of being inlaid with bright mosaics, while the Bmoke of the candles and of the incense gave the interior the appearance of a vast theatre in a thick London fog. The lighting up was a decided mistake, and the less said about it the better. In the recesses near the transepts were fire engines and Pompieri, for considerable apprehensions of dan ger were entertained, and great precautions were taken, but nothing unpleasant happened except showers of wax, which bespattered many an uni form, and the occasional flaring up of a candle, which one of the samphire boys, to our horror, was al way 8 let down to extinguish. But enough of details, for now the procession from the Vati can enters the church. There are the alumni of the Hospice of St. Michael and of the Orphans, 18 orders of monks, the cross of the secular clergy, and the pupils of the Roman College, the parish priests, ai.d per petual vicars in their white stoles, the canons of the collegiate churches, of the minor and palri archal Ba&iliche;, the clergy of 18 other churches with crosses; insignia, bells, and canopies. Mem bers of the Tribunal follow with the Congregation of the Sacred Rites and the standards of the Beati. Then come the officers of the Papal chapel, a tedious list, and the singers chanting ' Ave Maria Siella ;' a number of otter offices Bucceed these, and then we see the peniten tiaries of the Basilica of the Vatican, mitred abbots, patriarchs, archbishops and bishops wearing mitres of white cloth, while the Cardinals follow in their sacred .jpbei, wearing mitres of white damask. Nearly WO mitres were here assembled, a sight which the world has not seen for centuries, and perhaps will never see again. After these and a number of other officers, his Holiness is borne into the church magnificently attired, haTing two large fans or flags of feathers at his side, and holding a wax taper in his left hand, while with his right he blesses the multitude. It is impossible to give you an adequate idea of the feeling which his ap pearance awakened among men who had come from all parts of the world to see the representa tive of St. Peter, the depositary of the Holy Spirit, the half man, half God, as they regarded him, about whom they had read and tr.lked, and for whom they had prayed since they were chil dren no higher than the knee. ' Le Saint Pin!' ' Le Saint Pere !' exclaimed the French priests; ' II Santo Padre . 1' cried the Italians; and Ger mans, Spaniards, Greeks, Americans and English all manifested the same zanl, each in his different toneue. Tocether with me was an English 'pir- vertT,' as he is called — a name I hute. as if in frae Protestant England liberty of conscience wrs a crime. Educated at Oxford he had sacrificed every thing for his new faith — rank, f.mily, fortune— ad touching it was to see the deep. feeling which the sight of the Holy Father awakened. Looking over the sea of heads which intervened between me and the procession — a great interval— all wen on their knees as Pius IX., the benevoltnt and the good, for it is only just to. say so, was tone up the nave. The singers of the Vatican chanted with their unearthly voices 'Tu es P^trus,' and the voices, not so much s -ftened as rendered more meagre by :be distance, glided like ghosts through I the building. At times another body of men chanted 'Ave Maria Stellfl,' and it wa&thui; that the Pope was borno throu.U 5.1,000 '.r.irhip pers from every country under the tun 1. t h-j high altar beyond the tomb of the Apostle, where he descended from his seat, and after praying wai again carried forwards to the throne at tho upper end of the nave. Here the prelates did homage, cardinals kissing the Papal hands, patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops the knee, while mitred abbots end a few others, among whom is named the Archimandrite of Messina, 'if h» he there,' adds the directions, the foot. Thu scene it was impossible to witness, for besides that my lorgne'te is not Irish, and does not look, round corners, the great distance that inrervenedputit beyond all ordinary vision. And now begun what I must needs call, according to my om views, bat which all respect for those of other.', the great imposition of the day. The c'rdl'j^ Procurator, approaching the Pope, demands toil the Beati may be enrolled in the catalogue of tie Saints. His' Koliness replieB that in an affair 01 so muoh importance h) must have theprayeis 01 the Church for D.vino assistance in coining to » decision on a subject, which, by-the-by, had i been decided some centuries before. Then the rapsi singers chanted ' Kyrie Eleison,' and the worm were taken up and passed from wave to ware 0 this vast sea, and the Litany of the Saints wu sung by thousands and theusands, producing im a body of sound as I had never heard before, »« electrifying every one who had the sbghtestfed i-g. This terminated, the Cardinal VnmaM again advanced and renewed his demand '« the canonisation instanter et instanUus. --b\\*J still hesitates though some 50,COO or 80,W crowns have been spent on 'he ceremony, , w» begs the fervid prayers of the assembly that ae may have the light iiud the assistance oi trie no , Spirit in so importan' a determination. «»F were offered, and then the ' Veni, -** Spiritus' was intoned and chanted bYtnJ' multitude. So touching ire the tones, and' softly and yet so mightily they awd g swelled, as they were borne from nave to awe » transept, that the effect was overwhelming, ana found myself clinging hard to my seat and I aw° suffocated with emotion. I left reason at the dooj fo- how could Reason assert her dominion inw scenes as these? Archbishop Wh-telj ^ have burnt his 'Logic' had hebeenhere.'m like myself, have submitted himself to that wb feeling which bore me on irresistibly. 10 « ^ however, to tha great object of the day, u» effort has been successful. .. The Cardinal makes a third and final. »« tion, in the words initanter, instanMt, »««» time, ir if irritated m ith the Pope or tne ^ Spirit ; and then his Holiness replies tnKi ? -,A bvaray of Divine light, he had deter \- -A on enrolling the Beati in the catalogue of ?' ' rf » and Ponces in a few moments Decer Saints, »'* pj telligenee is communicated to the '''n'hv the Brftg of cannon from St. Angelo, ' ''I th«yrin4ng of the bells -n the city, and th And the ringing ^ voic lnton{,s ^iX' Sn which the vast multitude join* nrJn of the finest things of this wonderful 1 V*-- .Viral demonstration. It Beemed to gur TrvcfwlfiraUUde and joy did this grnnd old i ieJCx[ IZ hymn, so «tt' were the feehng' whlC-h ^nired H, and then the numbers by whom it P chanted, who had come thousands ^inTof sT P^, and to assist at : this k and ceremony, Rave it an impressivenew «Mch 'perhaps had never hid before, and never wU have again. Sung at intervals by the clergy Id the pe%le, the notes did not float, but rose in ? » istible body as if to force an entrance into :?he v« y re' enee of the Ditmo Being ; it w» the trmitvof waver and praise ; and Protestant, £ dy PwtcstCf though I am, it assured me that In the b°3om of ovet y hwmMl bel'S- J V ^lr name he may call himself, there are chords which Xatetotheaame touch, and that if opinion dMdc-s feeling and sentiment unite the various S of G ,d'I worshippers. There is little mere to be Slid of the ceremonies of the day. High Sm, was sung by th« Pope, at least he appeared on Se altar on the Introittis, and oblations were made to him for ihu new Saint., of doves and snull birds and painted waxlighu, arabeaqiusd with silver and gold, bearing the effigies of the Saints anu : the arms ot his Holiness. ? 