COTTON-FIELDS. , . THE corni ant render of tho newspapers-o-proial ly of toose journals which circri at-* itt the dis- tricts ol'Gre a .Britain devoto 1 to the manufacture of cotton-has read, -any timo during the'laat thirty years, not a few roports of conversations at meetings of chambers .of, commerce u ud similar, githeriegs, upon the cotton supply ; with com-' merits upon theso conversations by the regular leador-writers, and innumerable letters to the editor. 'I hese roports und comments embodied a prevailing presentiment, /a pr poetic warning of .langer respecting, tho supply of the 'r.»w material, which employs the.industry of about a couple pf millions of «ur people, fe burp men of b 'sine.-i's, pluming themselves upon Borne special ki'id of knowlèdjjo, often sneer, in priva'o circles, at tho prognostications of publio writers ; forgettng that as man is the-interpretor of nature, the writer is the in or('reter of opinion. Of the iv ¡adorn pervading communities and not cf individuals mei ely, uro public writeis the | enmen. For thirty »oars then, at least,.the ponmen of public o, inion have been emitting warnings respecting the precariousness pf the supplies of raw cotton. Eleven yea s »go-in eighteen hundred und "fifty -wr,ting, urgently on. tho necessity pf tho English, cotton iutarests looking farther for sources nf supply than /> mirica, wo said, "War with America, a hurricane in Goorgia,; n blight in Aliibania, continued rain in Nerr OrlearjR, arc one ani all death-cries tb thc mill-spinner, and power loom weaver ; for, when tho cotton-fields . of the Southern States yield less than their average quan- tity of;cotton, tho,Manchester ; operative .eats less than bis ayeiugo quantity oj fpo'd. ,H e' floutislu's or decays witü'tho cottón-pód. Oliéup 'bread is to him' a 'jess impôt, taut question't^au cheap cotton, Wheu!his blood boils"ot j( the .indignities and"cru cities heaped upon,the'cólóuredI jaço in' '.' tho land of thej tíáo',' he does Vót'.jilVay8.r^membe,r\ih'.>%. tb tho Slave '«'atea of America ho osrea his nil, that it is to his advantage that thèse states shpuld re- main untroubled-that tho negro should wear his chainsj in peace.' It is foi1 "his gain that shivers dare'tho perils1 of^slâvo ^dealing, bince,hÍB loomis furnished With the pruduco of*' tho hi groès'fbroHçV exertions. . . "Whilo - ono, tend, ,qno otily. BOurpo exist s j.; for, i, tho ;¡ (¡,súpnort.',,, .off "his- ,loom, bc is j dependent, upon slave/y."?*' 'I'he,, chlof aoqitori i,tliorgforc,; of, |,Jliq,.r?layo jiTfr^t'o ,.has; been dib Lancashire cottpn-d'çalor. bbcausqjhaylng , itttufficient tiv^g^t,.forrj^oJiuiur<B,t hq., Bowght.out. np.fretjh. fields wlionne ti> obtain his staple, and gave ,no omouragemont to pastures now1 in ether parts bf tho¡ Wpiqs;;^; ' ^ ; 1; .'.;;;':( ? Agujin, two jqara 1^ ' of two|millior)s,ufiour-oount>ymcii sro depeiidunt uppn'tho cottiin crôpofv\mqricÀ ;'thbir àtaftoj may be t-aia,' wj'thb^ ' upon il thread. , k?hqul4^snyr¡djrb.y. ' the landofootton,.,» , thousand of . our :. merell, nt ships, would rot idly in'.dock ; ton' tin Usand mills must Blay .tlibir busy-lpotná¡ ;;, two^.th'Onfcaud, ' ? thousand mtiuthB-wonld starvb fdr.ila Jrofc.woL'k'to - fdod'them.'' .¿Warn ngsiBu'oh ns thesj?,; constantly repeatéd by other journalist*, weréj it iio<\' appears' lees hocded tliuti they ought' ton hnvb bron'. ' ïKo true bjuó ;EríglÍBbniah < will cvet.bWA to: being an : alarmist,' nalit thoieiistCBCbioftoaviking alnttriing ? injjthb world .vlorS» LSÜ' inadmissible-' (?trdömerrj, a'chavea eènlimen.t:which no man vl'prthy 'of tb« name ¡of man would own. There are al ways, moreover; a few louiltoaged merii! who ara. rsaidy, to display their oonrago by denying dangar, and preventing precautions. They vaunt that they can soo no causo fur despair until the danger comes and when tho clangor does approach, they aro the very persons whom .panic first s ia*s. Mill-horse advocates of this . .dangerous kind eren affected .to believe that . the cotton supplies were in less danger than the supplies of wool, .and could be j increased or diminished at will, as if cotton plantations were as manageable* as flocks of domestic animals, and the hairs of seeds conld be a': easily cleaned as the flecc3S nf sheep. N either was tito les-cniiig of slavery (which t-ioir policy! fostered) anything to tlietu. ' 'I hd alarmistsj wero not suilijou.ly hoed ed. Amoríowhich supplied us willi six hundred nnd sixty thousand two Lund ml and sevotity-four huu dr d-weight of cotton in tho month of'August, 1800, sent us four liundred and forty-oight thou- sand and sixty-one in tho same month of this year, showing a falling off amounting to upwards of two.hundrod and twelve thous nd two hundred hundred- weight. American cotton has recently ueen reshipped from Liverpool for America. Snob are some of the"eii'eets of tho beginning of the war between North and South in Am* rica, upon our cotton supplies, and the outlook is not improved by tho taking of For- Hatteras by tho Federalists and the fleet which has recently set oat,' with ft roving com mist-ion to stop every possiblb'outlet for cargoes fr m a vast extant of the south-country seaboard. Tho deficiency in the supply, it is moreover worthy of np o, comes from the a iuse which, of nil others^ was deemed tho, ! least likely to happen-a disruption war in tho United "-tates. I here were, we are aware, among tb> public writers accused of creating unné -essary alarm.1 men wno said thc slavery question in tho States ' might end in a .' war of separation, just ' as the question of the slave trade wat at the bottom of tho war of American independence. But the war which has'actually broken out between metí of one lan- guage and lineage was long deemed too horrible and fratricidal «n occurrence to be entertained' as a probability by sane imaginations''much less kj war bf j tariffs, which the present war undoubtedly is ; ßlavery as its cause being a false issue and a. Northern pretext. But other fears bf failure or diminution wore stated. ' European experiences of the ravages of tho Oïdium Tiiçkerii upon he vino, arid' of the Apb B devastator upon the pjtato, and of tho ..Mucita upon tbe who-tt plant, suggested to most of tho alarmists'the unanswerable argument that n caterpillar might, in any one season, cause a dearth of cotton, and ruin half Laucishiro. An increase of threepence upon the pound- of cotton makes an out- going of twelvo millions a yoar'to the Bri ish manufactures. Tho word '. calamity" signifies, literally or philolt gically, a devastation by locusts or insect with cutting mandibles ; aud_ suoli a devastation in thc plantations of C^ro1in>T a d Ge rgia might nt any iimo liavo destroyed, peril .ps irreparably, tho prosperity of tba cotton niaiiufnc urc. , lt is a proof that much of the im prov denco of the svyage ali i .lurks in tho blood of tliut (ino specimen of the calculating, prudent ar tl civilised man the cotton- spinner, that lie nc vnr combined wi tit his fellows to employ a sortes | of scientific men to study: the botany and zoology of tho cotton-plant. Wh n you know all about th«* s lucture of ,n, plant, its life, its distribution, its : culture, its use, you do not as yet know it completely, .because,, for prac- tica) purposes, you must also know its uuimal enemies. , ; . Ibis is «not.the place to settle the question whether tho word cotton, comes, from tho Arabio word coo.n, or lrpnit the process,ofweiivin¡.', or cottoning, or laying, on sido or coast, (Galice cote)-, wac, whtiih the, material undergoos; woven wool- en stuffs having, it is said, bsen.vin former times called cotton. , Tho word muslin,: nankeen, and calico arc derived from Asian, cities, which ob- tain'd groat reoown,in the. middle ages; from tba exoi-Jlonco of their , cotton fabrics. i he cotton plant or shrub, (Gossypium), whioh is only accli-. mated in America, is indigenous, in India, it has something of the size, and appearance of a currant bush. On tho con'ro of each of the white flower, there is a pretty crimson spot ; when the flower, withers away tho pods appear; aid when the ripening pods, which were .about the s»zo of an apple, bursts open, the downy threads or flbros of tho . seed-vessels hang down like long » feathery flakes, 'i he yellow blossom-*, the crimson spott.d petals, and tho snowy tuns of the gossypium moko tho cottou-fleld a beautiful landscape, t he tailor bird of Hindostán sows together a few large leaves with colton threads, making in this way a neut which, swings from the shady boughs of the shrub. . According us th, so snowy tuts or leathory flakes aro short or long,, tho cotton is culled short or long staple cotton. . Long staple cotton is fine and. silky, presenting tho'dedie ito uerial elegance ot oppeara ce which is thc charaq t rislic, und the :cliarm, of tropical vegetation. Usugo, tho legislature of language, always calls cotton the fibro of the plant, although it is well Ic*own to lio the hair ot ¡ho seod, fpr flax, from Linun UMtatissiuuim, consists pf woody fibres, or . tubes, whose membranes haye been thiokonedi by successive loyors of¡ cellulose, and .Bclerogoii ; npd cotton ia composed of tho hairs;or elongated ells surrounding the seeds of. various kinds of ossv pium,-hairs.whioh under, tho microscope seem peculiarly, twisted. - ,,, Cotton was in former ,timoa, cultivated to, a largo extont in India., in. tho ( .hugos gr/tip of islan.dn.in he li)dian Ocean tho moBt; beautiful long'staple cotton grows, naturally. Tho .Chagos .cotton, is.equal in the delic »cv of i,s appqara; ce, tot' o'eye at least,,to the .finest gr twa any whore.. The 'cotton.ahrul>:b longa to.tho .mollow tribo.'ofi plants', Ono of thoso groupe,whioh incrqaso.as we approach; tho equator; a^d vario ios,(if tho gossy- pium species will,;it bos boon, ascertained, thrive any whote withinwthirty- fi>o degreos of the. equator. The' jsiorjds ; suitable, for; tba cultivation.-of ,tho cottf nj-plant situated .within thirty. fiyo,dogroes.,oi tho equator are,innumerable. ^American .seod no doubt rpns too, much .into loaf, inj the rich .and rnoist soils of ,Bcnga,l,iapd,insects,haye boon there .found to,be very,destructive ; but,, the .acclimated séb.J' tas,, been, profitably, cultivated, for j.yoarsi at Coi m ba toro, Madras,.othilia ¿cocán j Oandoish,; «ti , agpore.; j Hyderabad,it pd.' iq, i.the ¡Mahralta couut/y. tn Central; India, fi'herô.resided. 'for'a'fW;ye/irs at Dharwar^- in the ï?ôutuerniMah-, rottrj', pu .'i tnorienn plantt-r,. wlioiBUceettefully cul- tivated seven thousand, pores ,i whore only, six hnhdrpd;thad boon proyipusly cultivated.;.:..There 'is'no better B!iortista >lo cotton.than' tho cotlon of» Cqtitrsl. Indian hen it! hi's* been; properlyácloancd/ Thojnpaliiuatod seod thiiy.es .admirably1 on bréezy.j utidulit,i.ugjBwepp5 of. optiutry,; witlnalury.(gravelly ¡aud.poot raihor than rich soiU Cotton hus boen, grown at.-.ing^pore and ot Visagap.itpm rivalling. .tho,buJati(Sep Maud coltoni over imported, mt» O root] Britain ¡for, fineucea1 and flexibility, of fibre. ¡I (iq.tfiujljuB!of Ii)nklift,vVierQ,.probably¡ th« ü,nost, <ever.:*aV<nV,Ottfwprn»'o,./ \Ybün ..spread, upon .lite, {r.ratyi]w|lUqt.r^ . y.ilnji Mudla- bw-ráoí;invi.ibl«*P . i'Ailailyk/rob*V copajiting pf .several, yards of i this tauilip, ¡could,ha blowrj away,with a, breath. ?'. Jndiatt cettpita.tbave beni produced BO ADO that Lancashire" manuíac nrers have mixed th- m with the finest Georgia» to improve it; and after the mixture tito Indinn cotton lins stilt boen ¡'¡Ktingni-hiiblo under the microscope by the superior str 'inkiness and beauty .>f the fi lires. The fact is, indeed, on established one^t'iat nothing is needed but gro .ter care in cul- tivation and skill in cleaning 'o make Indinn cotton as fino in fibre and rich itt qualiiy ai tho host ever produced. In tho presence pf these facts, he would' be a very hardy disputant who should deny that if British india does not supply an abundance of raw cotton, it must be the fault of the British people, whose business it ¡3 to obtain supplios-rin fact, of the cotton interest them- selves ; for we w ll uot echo' tho wonk cant which blames the ffovernïnent, the ftast,Inelia Ciimjmiy or ibo Lidian administration,' tho British govern nient being al>vayjs in fiict, ia the end, the govern mont of thc I3r¡-Í8h:poople. Tho geographical distribution of ' tho cottoi scrub is vast. Tho .American eagle, now dismom bored of one of his wings, never has bad sway over any such' cxpauso of territory in which' thc cotton-plan1, is indigenous as'atill ow^s the peace fill rulo of the British lion. H rît b cotton plant i-rs have no need to covet any t.ubn, nor to inveut a dogm* of manifest destiny to palliate covetous dos gns or rapaciou - annexation9.' To say nothing of the boundless resources of 'Africa, ' they have only to make a good use of their own cPntiucntfl and islands, som? of the lattor being not mon ly more suitable for cotton-fields, ' hm also nearer than the sites of tho plantations of tho Carolinians and Georgians. ''.-ompbody^once computed' that' the" British maunfdc urers paid annually to the American planters for raw cou n ten millions sterling more tliati tho natural .price. ' This was, of course, ' an enhancement of'the value of el; vest/ n similar amount, ibo meaning of tlie' calculation appa- ru n-ly is, that if'Africa and India' and thc islands capable of growing cotton had been competing with'Georgia and Carolina, as they ought'to havo ' beeb,'the quantity of bottom bought in ono year would have boen obtained for ten millions leas money. v ' ;. The cotton-grówérs of the Southern States of America achio.od "their, pro- eminenca in the. market by an amount bf,'energy, and 'enterprise,' perseverance and intelligence, never surpassed in tl|e hist .ry of human industry. Ibo cotton 'shr'u was-acclimátcd in America by the negroes during tho Inst century.,. Little inore than threo so re and ton yoors1 ago, when cotton from Vir- ginia or Carolina first arrived in the port of Liverpool, it was seized by the officers of customs upon tho plea that, cotton was not a product of America'. Kot morely had the planters to com- pete with countries in which' the plant was in-' digenous, they hud to contend with a scarcity of labour.': "I hoy had to surpass'all rivals ' whilst cultivating; an 'acc'ttna ed plant by the labour pf cns avetl and imp-rted. hoods.; In spHp pf a. Cll btittilion declaring all men to bo free and equal, and a religión teaching them to do as they would be done by, they obtained their supplies of labour by kidnapping it-wherever tho^ could catch it. At Aberdeen, for instance, on the north-east coast of Scotland,-, ¡OBS than a hundred years ago, littio boys wore kidn <ppcd-with tho connivanoe of thc magistrates of, tho .burgh,, and sold into slavery in Virginia.' No doctrino bas been too wild pr wicked for promulgation by those.men in vindication of their pursuits! and tlr y have found naturalists who ha\e taught for thom that all men are' not of one. species; philosophers, who, have :' maintained tbat " civilisation is based ' on ., cotton; and Christian divinos who,have upheld .slavery with arguments from the New ¡Tes ament ! A minority in the United P tates, tlieyj until tho installation of Prosi'lent Lincoln, 1 lorded it ov'cr tho Union. Clearly eno gh, they surpassed all ; other ,co ton growers in consequence of throwing, moro .< mind into,their busiuess. slavo,labour, .is not cheap.' The, cost of the labour, bf a cbolio in the West Indies is said to he only tenpencs- halfponny a day, and tho,cost of the, labour of a slave in South ' America or Cuba is estimated at a dellar a' day. But thc slavo bf i'arbliria and Georgia is an unri- valed^ cotton-picker. ? Carolinian and-^ Georgian cottomcommands the.beat price, btcattsj.ic is tho best cleaned cotton in thc rnarket. Uritidh capi- talists! who havo grown cotton' upon . he coasts nf Africa^ complain that they cannot g*t thoir stupid negroes to pick their cotton properly. The ' merajon cotton-grow rs have be tten all tho world in the difficult art of cotton-cleaning, , Í ho Indian cultivator sent his produce to langland in a dirty, state, and .thus paid, more freight fora longer voyage, and got a less price. B it now tba prices ' nave impro ved, Indian cotton-conning has improved in proportion. The diffiou'ties of cotton-picki g and cleaning have been tho lions in tho way of t e cultivators and administrators of India, while tho Americans triumphed over them by. sKiful manipulations and ingenious machinery.; The Arnoricaim owe their great kort to the invention of Whitney's saw-gin which has been ns bonefioial to Ge>rgiaa<* Ark wrights's spinning-jenny'ha^b'îeti.to. l ancashire. Hut the.saw-gin has, it is enid, born found to be injurius tb tho staple of the Indian-, plant. Ex- cessive heat making tho leaves ext ra moly brittle,, they crumble and mix with the cotton inextricably, and the bréeteos ar.- still more liable to foul the fibres'in tiiis way thuri'tho leaves., In. fact tho knack' of cotton, picking oonnUt. in dex brou dy snatching tho hairs away from .tho seeds, without -allowing them :o- bc dofilcd '. by tho : fragments of broken loaves br bractées. Tho negroes of South!, America, among whom tho melodics, sung by'.tho Christy Minstrels and Buokloy' S'renadörs -hayo aria-ti, judging from thoir mirthful musió' and sarcastic humour, must be a sharp and shrewd raco with active "ruins1, quick eyes, and nimble fingers inaltin'g.thcm unrivol od in pioking . cotton fibres free, from dust andi dross. ?.. , The direotors of the Kast India Company pro ' /cssedj an anxious desire ' o promote tho cultivation of cotton for. thó'!whólo half'of '.; a century: .They imported Amorioàn seed and Whitney gin» ; anti muohjipgonu.ty' was expended. in * adapting, the Aine-^can giri arid in improving,tho Indian¿nurka, to ol can thu Indian staples from their inutile dofila-' mont«. J At the .'last,meeting:of,' .tho BrUish.A a. socintion, 'n*discussion tobie pisco in tko section of, mdchurtica'l science 'uponi the .cotton-cleaning machina^ speoiniû'nà.! of whicli were, exhibit d ,to tho;-; «ec ¡pm .' Tjie Indian cíiurkn,- th« W hitnoy gtti,,:libroller, "giri,', ''tho. spikcrollor '.. giri,, and i-rt aca|théyVg:p;'5çre -discqsgbd with" their ,«». peotivo'merita '-A ' and V defects. . How- im portarjt,',,tho',;,question,,'oí cleaning1 , nrnahinds is, ;nVay bo, inferred from^he sttttomcnt of a gent o man, Who'said he lind soon cotton soiling at sairon jinnee a; jiolarid,; whiohV if properly ' elb.;«ned by n improved rollor-gib, would havo sold for two shil- lings tor pb'nmh Tho Manohostcr Cotton. Supply Association have had 'a largo numborof.Mncarthoy gins made, and they' are Torwnrdiug thom to tho cot^n-tir.educ{ng districts; bf tho >yörld-fdiamally joking meanwhile, about tho cook who had1 an excellent' "cocking apparatus, and" 7'nothing ^.'\«^1''^.|^V' , Bdl', íf»:thé¡'.'dflÍl^ttltÍ«s"of cottb'a-pleuüng'aré^ conquered,' Ihíe' 'dfuîçlùhUo of .'< co*topgroWlng need not alarm ahyboly. Tbl officiate who forraerly ruled India ascribed : tliolr fallaré in producing cotton not merely to old oh ur kau, inextricable loaf-dust,, hurtful saw-gins, and a ¿00 variable- clitmto, thby accused the orpita .lists of India of a warit of calculating foresight and the pcOaintflor ryots of unmalle<ble habits. But a committee of the House bi Communs' reported, in 1848, that tho natives ol mdia, " whoo n secu- rity ofioward is offered to them, willcxort them- selves,' even to rii<> abindomont of customs to whioh1 they wèro greatly attached.'' This security is now given in the sale of waste lands latoly wisely decreed by the authorities. Ono cause of the différent results of cotton growing ' in India nod America has boon that British India lins been governod by officiais, and the' Southern States of America huyo bien goverued by industrial,-tho Indian plan ¿r ticing a nobody, and the Amunam planter his own roaster , in publia affairs. Notwithstanding' the neglect of prccuuiouaty vnnsuros for the evil day which has come, Indian co ton has of late years risen in value from being better prepared, and the qu>iuthy imported has notably increased. During tho past yoar tha quantity impor cd from tho Brit'sh Eua1' Indies hus increased ooe hundr d and seventy-eight thousand and twenty two hundred- weight, forbin August, I860, tbe quantity was one hundred and seventeen thousand two butidrod and seventy-six hundrod-woight, and in the correspond- ing tnonth'of tho prosent year it had' reached two hundred and ninety-flvo thousand two hundred and ninety-eight, iimdr d-weight. The ¡nnohinoi y now in use in British cotton-mills is adapted for American colton,' but suggestions haye been mado to have it altered to suit t <o Indian material. The : energy which ' eniibled tho'Carolinians, Virginians, and Georgiana to win for themselves a virtual monopoly, based on a real1 superiority in tho ctihvia iou of n recently artclima od plant over rivals-residing in cnuntrios ia. which it is in- digenous, and where it had bern cultivated for c nturioH, 'are now unhappily devoted to tho prosecution of a miserable war. And ' the Ameri- can's di ffio U ty is not merely the opportunity of tho indian cultivator, it is tho opportunity us well of ' the Egyptian, tho Brazilian, the Algerino, and thc rVfriom. Victor or vanquished upon tho' battlefield, the Confederate is certainly destined if tho war continues, to lose bis monopoly or ßiapromxoy upon tho ' cotton-field. Whilst ho fiiihts for slavery tho value ot his slaves is dwindling down. Cotton boini; now actually reshipped from British- to American, ports, the '.Southern, when ho presents himself once more in tho markets of Great Bf itian, may find all tho stall-room occupied. He may hu.e lost thc cus- tomer who bought fiye-sevemhB of his produce Ten or elevon yoarB ago he boasted that by spin- ning and weaving his own cotton he could destroy tho prosperity of Oritish manufactures ; and'now he has lost already his monopoly of' tho govern- ment of his country, and, whether successful or defeated in the war ho is waging/is apparently destined soon to leso, and päuAps irrecoverably, tho monopoly of tho cotton supply. Thia'will also give to the slavery quostiou tts ultimate solu- tion. ' Not tho lonst interesting pf thc American plauters' rivals aro tho fiée blacks,'who have set up a society for promoting the cultiva ion of cot-' ton in Central Africa.' Although tho numbers of tho BIHVCH in tho .-outliern States had incroasbd from two und a half t.i four millions,' and thc prioo o' an ar.le-bo jud slavo ris. n during tho. last quarter of a century from hine hundred to fou teen hundred dollars, tho planters could, in 18UO, grow a pou; d of middling cotton for six cents, or threepence, and sell it , for twenty, cents, ' or' teupence,' at ' Liverpool. After : considering 1 these. facts, .'t many ' free negroes' of tho"' United States (blt .desiroin, of going to ,Africa, and growing cotton where the plant in indigenous and perennial ; and ' a party' aotually Wont there last year, and sot ^themselves up in Yoruba, Central.África. If this' place be tho Yoriiiah defied in tho war song of tbe Amazons of Dahomey- . \ , Th» Yoriljttlis 'raast have been drunk to say Dahomey fe ired tnsm Thoy could conquor Dahomoy -the Yofubivhs who bhall a'uccesssfully sot up cotton; plati'uti .ns in Africa, will iu the . end' conquor Dahom-'y. ' Let the Amazons sing what they may ; tho free*negro plautor's will oro long put down' slave hunts, by which thousands of youths aro kidnapped a id sold as slaves, and grand customs iu whioh onotigh of human blood is shed to float canoes in'honour bf tho ghosts of dead kings. " . ' ??' , With regsrd'to the cotton supply this much may ba addbd : ' As a and 1 Afriqs nnd_ tho climate in which the shrub* ia indigenous nrid'pcre'nrfial, ought to supply cotton inore ch-.oply and plentifully than a country in which it ia acclimated ; tho British' race may have;' moreover,' everything their own way inj India, and have ' won tho 'name of'Ibo1 friend)*, of tho blacks'in Africa, it can only, there fire, be oy 'theirown fault should they be balked 'of abundant" crops'of cotton and multitudes bf free' und effictont'hands to'olean' it. . 'Through, tb'on, the powder o'onds io A morie », 'and riot withstand-' ing tho stillness of the short-time mills "at home, *'hopeful spirit 'may discern thc 'signs of better, days in store'for. all món¿ und especially the varieties of mankind whose skins have brien dyed black by'thp san.1. ' '.' . '' Thomas -Ylark'sbn, when a venerable,' groy nniL-grand-tooking octogenarian, . addressed ,1o a* larrro meeting i ri Lóritloh his advico,1 almoat'in dyiñg,jto put down slavery and thé slave trade by growing free-labour1 cotton ; uiid 'thc. course of events' is apparon^y^accomplishiog hiBi wishes, hy ' compelling tho'cotton trade to-seek Iheir* supplies' from the resourcos and.'the 'soils of frob íaboür'. , . I , ? ,-, -I ..... . . : . 1 