GENEUAL INTELLIGENCE CIUIUTV Uux.-~On TUESDAY evening a very pleasant boll caino off for Uie purpose of aomc charity,' at Monsieur Del Sarte's cajiaclouB rooms. Upward, ofone hundred and forty JadicsAnd tlonion vera present From the moment the " music with Its first voluptuous smile,*' until the last of twenty-eight dnuces in succession; tlie festivities were sustained with the utmost animation and vigour. The honorable iind popular Member for Hobart Town, J. M. Wilaiui, &q;„ who adds an exquisite skill in dancing, it is said, to the many other qualities which Tender him R villi] of Tasmanlsn Oricliton, opened the ball Wc dare not mention tlie name of the lady he honored on ihiM occasion, for (oar of exciting a feeling of universal jealousy. And when waltzes, iiolkiu, and quadrilles wcro over for tlie time; when the labour of the ball-room were past, and they caiue to their coffea and tlioir pound-tako at last—for I«dy Mary WorUov's more sensual luxurii 1 . of "Cluunpagno and a Chicken,"vere excluded— nothing could exceed the enjoyment, or upproach tho brilliancy of tlie repartee, wliicb spnrkled through tlie conversation. In real camral, however, we believe it proved a vety enjoyable evenfair, and we alnccrely trust tliat the Charity, wliatever ft may be, will receive large benefits from the pleasure of Uie guests, and the amount which that pleasure produced. A GHOST J.T PRANRI.IH.—Perhaps to relieve the tedium and great depression of matters in general here, we have been lately favoured wiUi tlie luxury of romance in the shape, or ratlier ehadow. of a glioit. The distinguished visitor made his advent with tlie usual (as far as proeedi'111 (ow In these cases) with tlie almost inseparable | tvllrafaarfoi of untimely noiws in the ujipc-r region* of the house, not a hundred miles frum the ticltool. Pieces of crockery dashed themselves to smithereens without Wsiblecause. After some montl s of these vagaries, he, periiaps getting tired of t hi- monotony ol attic life, made his appearance nbnut tlie premises. The only unusual appearance about liim it a black face and white body; protablyitmavbea nigger-gliost; at any rate, itj is proposed to try a revolver at his legs, and it wc bringliim down you shill nhill have a n full fuU description dcscriptioi of this terrur of old women and children. BsKevutEKr SOCIETY.—120 cases; 367 individuals relieved last week i G3 full, and M half nit Ions. COURT or REVISION, NEW Town.—This Court met yesterday, but after waiting for two iiours, and no other Magistrates, but Messrs. AJ1. Jones and W. Fletcher, being in attendance the sitting lapsed, anil fresh orders to be issued. Tuis PaorosEo NEW GAB Com'ANI.—Tlie Shareholders met on Tuesday cvcuc T^, VIICR A proposition less read from Mr. A. K. Smith, Civil Engineer, to crect Gas Works fur l&.thMf., but after some consideration tUu propositi was revrtrd. snd ft was determined to wind upttic company. Wttuotloe on reference to our advertising columns that the «rh >le of the extensive sud valuable stock-ia-tr* ic of that old established Boot and Shoo iv'ardiouio, well knopn as •^Albert Ho-iic." conducted bj the Ute Mr. Charles WatJ, viU be sold by Public Auction hy W. A. Gn i«don & Co., on Monday next, .lOtli inetantf (oy under of John Aston Nvatkins, F^q,, Curator of Intestate Estates.) Catalogues of the whole ate now in course of preparation, and will be obtainable at the Mart of ihu Auctioneers on Friday ncKt, aod oa tlie will lie on view on Saturday, ire should recommend parties deurous of obtaining lirbt class goods to make an infijtcction. MKCIUMG* ISFANTUTE.—Tlie lecture this even- ing will be delivered by G. S. P. Ikdferd. i>q. Subject—"Tlie Life and Writings of Charles Lamb," Koncr. TO Cou»E8POKDBNRFI.—Mr. Gale's letter will appear in to-morrow's IT UaunoDuced tlmt a- Silver Mine JJJUboen discovered in the vicinity of &Ucquaric; Ilarbour, and tU&t; U\e u Svrsnse^ rauket" on lier last trip brought un clovea handreJ weight of tbe ore, aud deposited it whh the Government U is also reported tlmt it was the arrivnl of thia ore in Ilobart jflown which fodnccd tbe Authorities to suspend lhc o)>cniiioii of the Waste Lands Act, and not tbe ostc&sildc; one of finding Gold by tlie Government Geologist, It is also stated Uiat tbe Swansea l'ackct" lias returned again to MacqaarisJisrbourior Uie purgxwe of briugin^ frusb cargo of Silver oi c. We sbaU probably soa loarn what foundation there is in the rumour to which wc allude.—Cottammicatud. WARXIKO TO LXI>iifs D* BBABCB OP Fohexos TiTtus,—A singular trial, whidimay wollopertitu ta a warulng to English ladies iu search or foreign titles, has been decked by tiic hnpoial Court of Paris. In Apiil, 1657, Miss Qemeotino Thoinpsou, an KnglishUdyas^cd twenty, was married in England to s Frunchtuab, who was known ss Jean Joseph Prinet <fc}£ohondeFenfcde Touroadel, aged sixty-dglu yean. The marriuge was witnessed by l*»rd and XAdy i'wlmorjrtou, tiofd Clarendon, and other persons of high rank, wbo evidootly recognifed tiio reiWlity of the brid«jgrww». Six days aft« tbe marriage Um ^Princc" died uf oousumptioil, but .a son was born in l'fcris eight mouths later, and was registered In his father's names. Tlie widow eooUnued to call herself tltc Princess dc Rohan, and lhc action .was laisad by |?rince OaoiUle dc ttohan to prevent iter any longer using that title. Ac* cording to the • t «t°nitnl of eoaasol, tbe " Prince" was a person named Fenls de Tou rondel, who had been obliged to fly. France on account of his proceedings in connection with a society formed lor the fabricating fedsc snd imaginary fonjgn orders. In inland he took the noble naus of Uoh&n;, sud Bel up liis old badness of selling titles of nobility. The title of *- Princess" proved too much for Mi&s; Thompson, and in spite of tho information she nsceived, she tnaitied the old man while he was at the point of deatli. Tlie judgment wssagoinst Madame de Fmi, and she is now restrained from using the title. Mr/Anthony Trollope, trho has just returned from America, is preparing for the press the results of his observation, in two volumgg, to be called "North America." His persoual statements are all within tbe limits of this title. He had aot an opportunity of penetrating to tlie South. " Ao-oii the Carpathians in 1658*60^ vill bo published tiiift mo&th.; 