FIRST COMMUNION AND CONFIRMA TION AT PARR AMATTA. ' ..' ??.?:.?? . : ???/' CLOTHING OF THE MEMBERS OF SAINT PATRICK'S GUILD. On Sunday, 31st ult., Pan-amstta witnessed a ceremony which it may well be proud of, and which, in future time, it may look back to with pride and satisfaction. For some time past, we ~ have been in the habit of recording the various ~''; towns in the interior witnessing his Grace the '* '' Archbishop confirming and administering Holy '? Communion to hundreds of the pious faithful, who flocked from all quarters to partake of the ~ treasures which he, as the High Priest of God1, was ready to shower upon the worthy ? cants. Thanks be to God, our holy religion has - * been progressing wonderfully of late ; and a ' ' bright future is in store for her, both in the dis seminating of its doctrines and the spreading of '; its glorious Societies. The Catholic Church is essentially attractive in its development ; and in proportion to the extension of its Faith, we see the members embracing those beautiful Associa- ~ :- tions which are its pride and its main stay in ''? ' .' its contest with the world. The ceremony of last Sunday was not merely the administering '- of Confirmation and Holy Communion to a vast ': number of the rising generation ; but it showed J that the first-born of the Holy Guild of '' Saint Mary and Saint Joseph, established some years ago in Sydney, was formally established ??'? under the sanction, and with the blessing, of the Church. This is an age of organisation and Jj progress ; and any religious society not making ' use of the weapons of the age must retrograde. For some months, a branch of the G-uild has ' been established in Parramatta, under the care of the Rev. P. Kenyon ; and last Sunday, being the one on which bis Grace was to visit that church, was decided upon to solemnly clothe the brethren, and to admit them formally iato that pious confraternity. The Sydney members were invited to be present on. the occasion; and some hundred and sixty or more, many with their families, took advantage of the ceremony to visit Parramatta. Most of them went by the railway; but some few preferred the slower, but more pleasant trip by water, reaching their destination in ample time to witness all the proceedings. First Communion to the children was admi nistered at the early Mass by the Rev. Father Murphy, who had gone 'to assist the Pastor on the Friday previous, and both of whom were engaged on Saturday night, till very late, hear ing Confession. Father Kenyon administered Holy Communion to some 20 of the children of the Orphan School at the Mass said there, and , who afterwards went to St. Patrick's Church to be Confirmed. All the girls wore white dresses and veils; and the boys were also very neatly attired. About 76 made their first Communion. After Mass, they all repaired to the school room, where a plentiful breakfast of cakes, tea, and fruit was provided by the generosity of the Catholics who subscribed for the occasion. The Nuns and other parishioners waited upon them during their meal. The school-room was neatly decorated with green boughs over the porch and windows; and at one end was the full-size por trait of Saint Patrick, in Pontifical vestments. About half-past ten, the members of the Holy Guild of St. Mary and St. Joseph arrived and took up their position on the green attached to the church, where, under the immediate- direc- tion of Mr. Rubie, the Warden, a procession was formed in the following; order:— Cross.' bearer, , with fourteen of the Sydney G uild ; the brethren . ; '? of the Parramatta branch, bearing their cloaks on their left arms; the Juvenile , Guild, with orosg-bearer ; the members of the Sydney Guild 'followed, by the Warden, office-bearers, and -«lergy. The procession walked slowly to the ?church, singing the Litany of the Blessed ' 'Virgin. When all had taken their seats, his Orac' was met at the principal entrance of the church by the clergy, who conducted him fo the' Altar, where he at once put on the cope. Father Kenyon having vested, Mass at once commenced. The Very Rev. S. A. Sheehy, V.G., Fathers Sheridan and Murphy were also on the Sanctuary, in sur plices. Immediately after Mass, his Grace pro ceeded to address the candidates for tho Sacra ment of Confirmation. He said that in the 8th chapter of the acts of the Apostles, they read that those who -had been baptised by Philip, had ;JPeter and John sent to them, who extending their hands over them, praj'ed for them, and they received the' Holy Ghost. % Baptism they were admitted into the Christian Church, and made partakers of the merits of Jesus Christ, and by Confirmation they were made strong and perfect ? Christians able to defend their faith at all times vand under all circumstances. The priest could offer up the body and blood of our Lord Ji'su* Christ, but the bi;-h-ip only, as the immediate successor of the Apostles, could administer the Sacrament of Confirmation. They als - read in the scriptures of the poor man travelling from Jerusalem to Jericho, who fell among robbers. They might consider man as that unfortunate person ; the good Simaritan was their dear ??Lord Jesus Christ, who came from heaven to take their humanity, and it was through His precious body and blood that man was healed of his wounds. Each one of them needed the good Samaritan, and it was for this reasou that our Blessed Lord instituted this Sacrament of ?Confirmation. It raised them from a state ^superior to that from which they fell.. It ren dered the soul more holy, more glorious than it ?was in the days of primeval innocence. His 'Grace next explained the various gifts bestowed upon them by the Holy Ghost, dwelling a short time upon each, and then went on to explain the ceremonies of the Sacrament. When they were signed with the chrism they might un derstand by that they were never to be ashamed to profess their faith in public as well as in pri vate, that they were never to defile by sin their bodies, which were about to be anointed with the Holy Oil. By the slight blow upon the cheek they would learn to possess their souls in peace, to bear all the trials and difficulties of life with a Christian calmness, and to sro thron-?h all the duties of life with a peace undisturbed by worldly cares. Here tiie children advanced, two by two, to his Grace, who was seated on his faid stool on the Sanctuary ; and, kneeling down, they were Confirmed. There were also a number of adults ivho. taking advantage of the opportunity, also xeceived this Sacrament. Immediately after the ceremony was over, the Archbishop again addressed them on the high dignity whieh they had just received— a Sacra ment which could only be conferred by a Bishop, and could only be received once. It entitled' them to higher rewards— to a throne nearer to God. He exhorted them to be exceedingly careful to fulfil tho duties promised in Baptism; for -they were now soldiers of Jesus Christ; and being strong and perfect 'Christians, they must fulfil all the duties of a Christian life. They must see what those obligations were, which 'were. contained not only in the Ten Command ments, but in all those oth^r duties which be came incumbent on them iu their various posi tions through life. His Grace, in a few words of advice, enumerated the various enemies which they would have to combat, instancing especially self- denial and self-indulgence. He exhorted them to be very attentive to their morning and evening devotions, and to the other practices of their holy religion. To prayer they should join the frequentation of the Sacraments. They should go to Confession once a month.; for it not onl\r remits hin, but is also a great prcventatiye against vice.. After a few words of encouragement to persevere in the holy resolutions made that day, the ceremony of Confirmation ended. The next ceremony was the clothing of the members of .Saint Patrick's Guild, who were all called wit Ian the rails of the sanctuary, where they knelt down. The Archbishop addressed them iu a few words. He commenced by alluding to their motto, Ik lectio Dei etproximi, which at once brought. before their minds the immediate objects of their society, the love of *Jod and of their neighbour. He went on to picture the beauty of a brother helped and encouraged by the prayers of his brethren, of the great advan tages to be derived by their banding together to stein the torrent of infidelity which was spreading so rapidly ;hroug---,ut the universe. By combination effects are produced which as tonish the world. Their society conferred upon them spiritual advantages as well as tempoial advantages. He congratulated the pareut so ciety when herfiist born was,. so to say, received into her wins. As tlio .tree which lasts for ages is slow in showing its fruits, so was it with their society/ He ventured to. predict that other towns wouid imitate them and receive slips from that tree, .which, when planted amongst them, would produce mighty fruits. He also congratulated himself in being the instru ment em ployed iu bringing their aoeiety under the guidance of their zualou.6 pastor. He con cluded by earnestly entreating them to promote the love of God and of their ncignbour. . ??. When the candidates for admission had all knelt on the Altar srup.s, tho lollowiug ionmoi' admission was read by the Archbishop, and repeated aloud by all tho candidates* — , '?,,, , ' ' I devoutly place tuysell. under thu patronage: of tho Blesaed Virgin Alary, Saint Joseph 'a'ud .Saini Patrick, and I promise to observe,- faith' . fully the Rules of the IIul} Guild.1'' ^;; ,f;:;;; After thu recital of -prayers appfi^Yriu'ie'to.'i'u1^ occasion, and the blusshigs -..f:-tii-j clou'jis ;;aJLxT .ahitfida ol tho Guild; tlie:iii;Vv'b'r6\h1ieinlfadva'iVtii4i!- singly to the 'leetov liia GiUcU; aud;,a]ai«&;ft£/; befotu .him, wore in vested W&fi;'ih},! fe.iitfd cHLJp; *-*'Ud .voith ih^'worite1:^ °^ ^ imcft^K-oni 'I invest thee, dear Brother, with the shield of the Holy Guild. May 1he Grace of God enable thee so to conduct thyself as to be a credit to this Confraternity, and an example to the rest of the Faithful.' His Grace again addressed them a few words on the great importance of obedience to the rules, and to their office hearers, of Christian for bearance when in discussing the affairs of the so ciety they might differ in opinion. There were privileges attached to being membersoftbeGuild which they should highly value. They wera allowed to help by their presence and assistance the ministrations of the Church. At ihe solemn processions at different seasons of the year, and at the greater Festivals of the Church, when many4 at great personal inconvenience and actual loss, made it their business to attend, they would be a great source of edification to their brethren. They were to pray lor each other, to visit their sick brethren, anr] it would be a con solation to think that at their death they would be conducted to- the grave by them. - He conclu ded by saying three Paters and three Aves for the new members, aad then gave the Pontifical benediction. The procession then formed in the same order as before, singing some hymns, and proceeded to the ground at the rear of the church, when the ceremony ended. All the -Sydney members of the Guild were then entertained to a sumptuous dinner, pro vided by the generosity of the Parramatta brethren, and laid out in the school room. Above two hundred sat down. His Grace, Fathers Kenyon, Sheridan, and Murphy visited the schoolroom for a short time during the repast, and they were loudly cheered both on entering and leaving. 