MILTON NO PLAGIARY. A RETROSPECTION. (COMMUNICATED.) IT is now more than a hundred years since a Scotch schoolmaster, whose name was William Lauder, M.A., put forth in the "Gentleman's Magazine," 1747, vol. 17, p. 404, proposals for publishing the Latin tragedy of Adamus Exul, by Hugo Grotius, with a translation and notes. These proposals were evidently written by Dr. Samuel Johnson; and it appeared that a printed copy of the tragedy could not be procured either in Britain or Holland, but that from a trans- cript of it from Abraham Gronovius, keeper of the public library at Leyden, several passages were produced alleged to have been contained in the book, as being the very prototypes and ori- ginals of those verses in Milton which were most remarkable, such as that well-known sen- timent, "Better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heaven." In addition to this, Lauder stated that he had detected in Milton so many examples of wholesale theft and plagiarism, as left him un- equalled in that sort of literary dishonesty; producing, in corroboration of his charges, a long roll of poets, Scotch, German, and Dutch, from whom Milton had borrowed, as he alleged, the substance of whole books together; so that he affirmed there was scarcely a single thought or sentiment in the Paradise Lost which he had not only stolen, from Grotius, but from Andrew Ramsay, a Scotch clergyman, (Edinburgh, 1633,) from Masenius, a German Jesuit; and from Staphorstius, and others. At this time, Dr. Thomas Newton, Bishop of Bristol, being under an engagement to the public to print a new edition of the Paradise Lost, with notes of various authors, received a visit from Lauder, previous to that time apparently a stranger, exclaiming horribly against John Milton, and inveighing most bitterly against him, for the worst and greatest of all plagiaries," &c.; It was a suspicious circumstance that the only book he could produce was the Poemata Sacra, of Ramsay; Masenius, he pretended, he had dropped somewhere or other in the way, and he expressed much surprise and concern for the loss of it. Though there was something in this state of things to put him on his guard, Dr. Newton examined the work produced, and found a poem, in four books--the first of the creation; the second of the happy state of man; the third of the fall of man; the fourth of the re- demption of man by Jesus Christ. Upon fuller consideration, he tells us, "I do not well see how two authors could write so much on the same subjects, and write more differently. There, are few, or no traces to be discovered of any similitude or resemblance between them, but in the simile before us, 9 Book, Paradise Lost, 513; and the following one of the Scotch poet: and these are so different, and applied so differently, that they may both be originals, or at least not the copy the one of the other." Yet knowing very well that Milton was an universal scholar, as famous for his great read- ing as for the extent of his genius, Dr. Newton thought it not improbable that Mr. Lauder having had the good fortune to meet with these German and Dutch poems, might have traced out there some of his imitations and allusions, which had escaped the researches of others; so he recommended him to communi- cate them to the public; and as one ingenious countryman of his had published an Essay upon Milton's Imitations of the Ancients; he told him, he would equally deserve the thanks of the learned world by writing an Essay upon Milion's Imitation of the Moderns; but at the same time he recommended to him a little more modesty and decency, persuading him to treat Milton's name with more respect, and not to write of him with the same acrimony and rancour with which he spoke of him. After some preliminary skirmishing in a monthly pamphlet entitled the GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE, and after the publication of the first edition of the Paradise Lost, came forth Mr. Lauder's Essay on Milton's Use and Imitation of the Moderns; to which a Preface and Postcript had been furnished by Johnson, who had been so completely imposed upon by the Scotch school- master's impudence and ingenuity as to assist him in his fraud. Johnson's well-known dislike to Milton's politics and religion afforded his enemies a very sufficient handle to convert this mistake of his into a charge of malice and injustice; and, as may be expected, the debate ran high upon the several matters comprehended in the discussion, so that it is probable but for the learning and curiosity of an individual who shortly afterwards by the force of mere diligence obtained a clue to the discovery of the truth, the question might have remained in debate to this very hour, for, as Dr. Newton urges, Lauder referred to books for the most part little known, of which copies were so exceedingly rare that the princi- pal of them cannot be found in the greatest and best libraries, at the same time that he eluded the search of the most curious, by not giving distinct references to the passages in question, it went in proof of his own uncommon reading; so that it might be easily taken for granted that the passages which he had quoted from such inaccessible authors were really there, and were truly cited, because a man of so much learning and ingenuity could not be capable, for the sake of defaming the venerable dead, of contriving forgeries so monstrous as have since been proved upon him, and as he has himself indeed con- fessed. The discovery happened on this wise. The Rev. John Douglas, being in the summer of 1750, at Oxford, had the curiosity to search in the Bodleian Library, for some of these German and Dutch poets, who, according to Mr. Lauder, had held out the lighted torch to Milton: and after searching in vain for Masenius and the Adamus Exul of Grotius, he was so fortunate as to find the same edition as Mr. Lauder had quoted, of Staphorstius's Latin poem entitled Triumphus Pacis, on the conclusion of the peace between the States of Holland and the Com- monwealth of England in 1655. It appears to be a prolix as well as a wretched, dull compo- sition, and such as could not possibly have afforded any assistance to Milton; and it being one of Mr. Lauder's artifices in his quotations, as has been observed, never to refer to parti- cular places or pages for the better direction of his readers, Mr. Douglas had the trouble of turning over the whole poem, and of examining page after page, before he could find out the passages which Mr. Lauder had quoted; and upon comparing his quotations with the printed copy, he dis- covered with more satisfaction than surprise that Mr. Lauder had taken the liberty of omitting and inserting lines at pleasure, to make out a likeness; and particularly that the eight lines on marriage have no existence in Staphorstius, but were interpolated by Mr. Lauder; and well indeed might they bear a strong resemblance to Milton, Mr. Lauder having had the assurance to transcribe them word for word from the Latin translation of the Paradise Lost, by Hog or Hogæus, printed in 1690\. A discovery so important to the ques- tion in debate naturally led Mr. Douglas to make still further researches, which terminated in still further discoveries; and these were laid before the world in an excellent pamphlet then published and intitled "Milton vindicated from the charge of plagiarism brought against him by Mr. Lauder, and Lauder himself convicted of several forgeries and gross impositions on the public. In a letter humbly addressed to the Right Honorable the Earl of Bath. By John Douglas,* M.A., Rector of Eton Constantine, Salop. Printed for A. Millar, in the Strand." Of this production Bishop Newton says, such a vindication must be pleasing to every Briton who hath any love for poetry, or any regard for the honour of his country; and if Scotland suffers the mortification of seeing one of her sons guilty of bringing an injurious slander upon our country, she enjoys the satisfaction, likewise, of seeing another deserving of the highest commendation for refuting the calumny, and wiping the stain away; and there cannot be a better recommendation of the vindication, not a stronger proof of its being well written, than its having brought the offender himself to a proper sense and acknowledgment of his various frauds and impositions upon the public, for the avowal of which he waited upon Dr. Newton, as a person peculiarly interested in the fame and reputation of Milton, whose works were at that time upon the point of being pub- lished in a way corresponding to their worth and excellence. He there and then, says Bishop Newton, "distinctly pleaded guilty to the charge brought against him by Mr. Douglas, and begged pardon of me and of the public." Dr. Johnson's name and memory have long since been acquitted of all implication in Lau- der's imposture, by which he was himself de- ceived. And it is a curious fact that the enmity towards Milton which Sir John Hawkins im- putes to the great moralist is as completely contradicted as possible by the circumstance that Lauder's pamphlet was introduced by his preface, written in full persuasion of Lauder's honesty, and concluded by a postscript, recommending in the most persuasive terms a subscription for the relief of a grand-daughter of Milton, of whom he thus speaks: "It is yet in the power of a great people to reward the poet whose name they boast, and from their alliance to whose genius they claim some kind of superiority to every other nation of the earth; that poet whose works may possibly be read when every other monument of British greatness shall be obliterated; to reward him, not with pictures, or with medals, which, if he sees, he sees with contempt--but with tokens of gratitude, which he, perhaps, may even now consider, as not unworthy the regard of an im- mortal spirit." Nor was this all. For when the Masque of Cornus was performed at Drury Lane Theatre, for her benefit, a prologue was spoken by Mr. Garrick, written by the author of Irene (Dr. Johnson), and he further drew the public attention to it, by writing a letter in the General Advertiser, to promote the effort. These are some of the forgeries and interpo- lations publicly confessed by Lauder. I. The word Pandemomium, interpolated in Masenius. II. Infernique canes populantur cuncta cresta--a line interpolated in Masenius, to answer this of Milton, 10 Lib. 616. See with what heat these dogs of hell advance To waste and havoc yonder world. III. Quadrupedi pugnat quadrupes, volucrique volucris; Et piscis cum pisce ferox hostilibus armis Prælis sæva gerit jam pristina pabula spernunt, Jam tondere piget viridantes gramine campus: Alterum et alterius vivunt animalia letho: Prisca nec in gentem humanam reverentia durat; Sed fugiunt, vel si steterent fera bella minantur Fronte truci, torvosque oculos jaculantur in illam. Quoted as from Masenius, but really taken from Hog's translation of Paradise Lost, X., 710. Beast now with beast 'gan war, and fowl with fowl, And fish with fish; to graze the herb all leaving, Devour' d each other; nor stood much in awe Of man, but fled him, or with count'nance grim Glar'd on him passing. IV. Vatibus antiquis numerantur lumine cassis, Tiresias, Phineus, Thamyrisque, et magnus Homerus Blind Thamyris and blind Mœonides, And Tiresias and Phineus, prophets old. The above passage stands thus, in Masenius, in one line-- Tiresias cœcus, Thamyrisque, et Daphnis, Homerus. V. Grotius interpolated. \--------Nam, me judice, Regnare dignum est ambitu, etsi in Tartaro: Alto præ-esse Tartaro si quidem juvat, Cœlis quam in ipsis servi obire munia. Milton, I. book, 261. \------an in my choice To reign is worth ambition, though in hell: Better to reign in hell, than serve in heaven. VI. Another interpolation in Grotius, Cœli solique soboles! Offspring of heaven and earth. VII. Interpolation in Stapherstius, Te primum, et medium, et summum, sed fine carentem. Milton V., 165. Him first, him last, him midst, and without end. VIII. \--------- Tu, Psychephone! Hypocrisis esto; hoc sub Francisci pallio Quo tuto tecti esse credunt emori. The last line interpolated in Fox, to beget some resemblance to Milton, III., 478. And they who to be sure of Paradise Dying put on the weeds of Dominic, Or in Franciscan think to pass disguis'd. IX. And lastly, among others, an interpolation in Fletcher, Inpromptu causa est: superest invicta voluntas, Immortale odium, vindictæ et sæva cupido. Milton I. 105. \---------What though the field be lost? All is not lost. Th' unconquerable will, And study of revenge, immortal hate, And courage never to submit or yield. * The Rev. John Douglas was afterwards preferred to the See of Salisbury, and always maintained an intimate friendship with Dr. Johnson, with whom he took part in the investigation of the imposture of "the Cock-lane Ghost." It should be remembered that, at the time of Lauder's forgeries, Johnson's mind was much disturbed by the death of his wife. DATTO STOCK MARKET.-The third market came off on Wednesday last, and there was a noticeable in- crease not only in the number of cattle and horses for sale, but in the attendance of parties interested in the permanent establishment of the undertaking. Ai air amount of business was transacted, A gentleman, on whose accuracy we can rely, states that to his know- ledge £130 changed hands, and as he had from his extensive business connections with the people in the district a better opportunity of forming a correct esti- mate than we had, v,e cannot but endorse his opinion. Mr. M, Laikiil clewed, out what cattle he brought, his springing heifers realising £4 10s. each, and so satisfied was he that the affair must go ahead that he assures us he should attend the next with a superior lot of springers. In addition to the regular business of the market, the lease of a iaim near Sbellharbor was disposed of; some amount of potatoes changed hands; and sales of seed, both of-»heat and grasses, were effected. A supply, of bacon was also contracted for,- Illawarra Mercury of Friday, 