CONSECRATION OF ST. BENEDICT'S. The event of so much importance in the eccle siastical history of this colony, the first solemn consecration of a church— St. Benedict's— that has yot taken place in Australia was celebrated ?with all the splendour possible in this part of the world, and although we cannot or' course be ex pected to vie with the great eontre of Catholi city in the magnificent manner in which they perform the rites of the church, yet, apart from the splendid accessories which we cannot as yet '. he expected to possess, the office was performed ?with a grandeur and completeness most gratify ing and consoling to every Catholic who had the happiness to be present. In our impression of last Saturday we have spoken of the symbolical meaning of the different ceremonies employed timing the consecration, and we shall now, as concisely as possible, attempt to describe the ceremonies themselves in the order in which they took place, To our readers, most of whom are already fa iniliar with the beautiful church of St. Bene dict's, it will be only necessary to state that the Interior has undergone a eomplete cleansing and renovation, and in place of the high altar which was erected at the time of the opening of the Church, a very beautiful one of polished white marble, veined, has been substituted, the canons of the church requiring an altar of stone,- as one of the necessary conditions for the conse cration of a church— the only exception to this rule being, we believe, the one in the Mother Church of St. John Lateran. The new Altar ia divided by columns into three compartments, the same size as those in the old Altar, by which arrangement the decorations of the original one— of the Resurrection, in the centre and the Pax on either side are retained. The evening previous to the consecration, the Archbishop proceeded to St. Benedict's, in order to prepare the relies necessary for the consecra tion of the church, and which, at the end of the rite, were to be deposited inside the Altar, never to be again removed as long as Church or Altar should stand, unless from imminent danger of desecration, or some reason equally important. The relics were deposited by the Archbishop in a case prapared for their recep tion, and together with them three grains of frankincense and a parchment scroll, containing the following inscription :— In the year of Our Lord 1862, on the 24th day of February, I, John Bede, Archbishop of Sydney, have consecrated this Church and Altar in honour of St. Benedict, and enclosed herein the Relics of the holy martyrs, St. Peter, St. Francis Caracciolo, St. Pius V., and Saints Amerina and Aurelia. granting to all the faithful of Christ on this day one year of true Indulgence iu the usual form, and forty days of Indulgence to those who shall visit it upon the anniversary of this Consecration. After the careful sealing of the parchment Case containing these relics, and their deposition in the place prepared for them in the school house opposite to the Church, matins and lands were then chanted, and they were then taken Charge of, by Father Corish, who kept vigil over them all night. * A little after six in the morning the Church doors were thrown open to the people, at which time all the benches in the interior of tbe Church had been removed, leaving the nave and aisles entirely empty, A few minutes after seven his Grace the Archbishop, accompanied by the Very Rav. Austin Sheehy, V.G., entered the Church to see that everything was ready, and having satisfiod himself that such was the case, after having robed himself, proceeded at once to commence the ceremony. After having recommended the laity to accom pany him in saying the Seven Penitent Psalms, he proceeded to repeat them with his clergy in the place where the *elics had been deposited all night. At the conclusion of the Psalms, habited in a cope and with mitre and crozier, accompanied by all the clergy present, he pro ceeded to the principal door of the'Ohurch, and having arrived there he put away his mitre and crozier, and commenced an antiphon which was continued by the choir, at the conclusion of which a prayer was recited, and then resuming his mitre he knelt down in front of tho chaii prepared for him before the Church door while the Litany of the Saints was chanted as far as the petition ' Ab omni malo.' Water and sail were then blest in the usual manner, after whicl he blessed himself with the water, handed it tc the clergy, and then sprinkled the laity with it He then resumed his mitre and preceded by tw( \ Acolytes with wax torches burning, he sprinkler ; the Church walls all around, proceeding fron ; . right to left ' In the name of the Father, and o [' the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.'1 After com i pleting the circuit of the Charch he turne- jp'. towards 'the door, and laying aside his mitri | : anu* crozier he said ' Let us pray,' to which tin | choir respond '? Let us beud the knee,' Sub | deacon 'Arise,1' after which he struck th I threshold of the door with his crozier, sayinj t « Raise up your gates 0 ye princes, »nd let th I ? ' I I ternal gates be lifted up, and the King of | Glory shall enter in,' to which the Deacon, who alone is suffered to remain in the Church, says, 11 Who is this King of Glory ?' The Archbishop answers, 'the Lord is powerful and strong; the Lord powerful in fight.'* A secoud circuit was then made of the walls, using the same cere mony as on the previous one, after which a third circuit is made, but this time from right to left, and on gaining the door he knocked as on the previous occasions, and on hearing the question of the Deacon, ' Who is the King of Glory ?' he and all the clergy answered, ' The Lord of power, he is the King of Glory ! Open ! Open i Open !' The door was then opened, and accompanied only by the clergy and masons employed to cement the altars and se cure the relics, he proceeded in the centre of the aisle kneeling before his faldstool placed at the intersection of the St. Andrew's Cross traced upon the floor, and entoned the ' Veni Creator, E at the end of the first verse of which he arose and remained standing until the end. Ashes were then sprinkled along the floor in the form of a St. Andrew's cross, after which the Archbishop again knelt down during the chanting of the Litany of the Saints. The Archbishop then traced the letters of the Greek Alphabet with the end of his crozier on the sand along one side of the cross from end to end, and the Latin Alphabet in a similar manner upon the other. Water and Salt, to gether with ashes and wine, were then blessed and mingled together, after which the sign of the cross was made on the inside of the door by the Archbishop with the end of his crozier. The consecration of the altar was then proceeded with, and the interior walls of the church sprinkled three times with holy water, during which ceremonies appropriate prayers and psalms were said and chanted, and afterwards the floor was sprinkled, first in the form of a s cross and then towards the East, West, North and South. After some further ceremonies inside the church, during which the laity were not per mitted to enter, the procession moved from the door and proceeded to the place appropriated to the relics, and the procession having reformed with the relics in the centre, carried in *a magnificent relic-bier of white silk trimmed with gold and surmounted by a crown, made the circuit of the outside walls of the Church, and having arrived at the front door, the Archbishop having taken his seat upon the faldstool, delivered a Latin ad dress to the people, after which Archdeacon M'En croe read two. decrees of the Council of Trent. The Archbishop then impressed upon the 'poopla the duty of contributing according to the best of their ability towards the support of the clergy and the worship of God, and also insisted upon tba clergy' contributing as far as lay in their power to the support of their Bishop. We were bound, he said, to give one-tenth of our sub stance towards the worship of God, and the sup port of the poor, and unless we did so we could notbe positively assured of our salvation. Thedoor of the church was then anointed with chrism, and the procession, the priests carrying tbe relies, and the people entered the chnrch, and advancing up the centre to the high altar where the relics were to be deposited, some psalms and antiphons were sung, after which the foui corners of the sepulchre in the altar destined for the reception of the relics were anointed with chrism, and the relics were then deposited, inside it, and after incensing them the se piilchre was closed up and cemented, The altai was then continually incensed either by £ priest or the Archbishop until the conclusion of the ceremony. During which it is anointec with the chrism of catechumens several times a number of psalms and antiphons being chantec in tho meantime, and then the oil and chrisn were poured out upon the altar and rubbed al over it by the Bishop with his right hand th- choir chanting in the meantime. The twelve crosses round the church were ' then anointed and incensed. . The front, joints, and table of the altar were then anointed and afterwards carefully rubbed an- wiped by tho sub-Deacon with linen towels ' The Archbishop then retired to his chair aud 1 then rubbed his ht'.nds with crums of bread anc '. afterwards washed theni. The ceremony wa 1 then concluded. ' Immediately after the conclusion of th ' ceremony of consecration High Mass was sunj } by the Bishop of Queensland, with tho Ver Rov. J. Keating, V.G. assistant priest. Rev. P 1 Kenyon, Deacou, and Rev. E. Athy sub-Deacon and Rev. J. Dwyer master of ceremonies'. \ After the communion the Rev. J. J, Tuerr; B preached the consecration sermon, taking fo B his text Mathew xi., 25th to 3Cth verses. Afte recommending the congregation to place them selves under the protection of the ever Blessei Virgin, Mother of God, at whose intercessio g they wore certain to obtain everything oecessar for their salvation and calling upon them to I kneel down and say a Hail Mary with him he I ( -proceeded to say that the text he had just read I i was as applicable to the great saint under whose 1 patronage the Church had been placed as to 1 Saint Mathew to whom the words were ad- ] dressed. St. Benedict was among the little ones '? to whom our Lord Jesus Christ alluded, and \ like the Royal Psalmist, he had been exalted \ by becoming little in his owa eyes. He was - sent by his parents to one of the great public ( schools of Rome, and, shocked at the immoral ( character of his young associates, he trembled ] for his own virtue and was ridiculed by bis i companions when he talked of leaving an \ establishment when he had such an opportunity ] of completing his studies. He made no hesitation , in his choice, however, between vice and virtue ; and retired to the desert whWe as St. Gregory ; said of him, he was studiously ignorant and wisely unlearned because he preferred purity and piety to learning. But he was not on that account opposed to science and literature, and the services rendered to them by him all over the world were a proof of the estima tion in which they were held by the order. The splendid Church in which they were then as sembled, and others in the colony, testified to what the Benedictines had done for the ad vancement of religion in the colony, and they were nobly assisted in their labours by the secular clergy. Jacob's dream * was then re ferred to in order to show the nature of conse cration the holiness of God's temple and the grievous sin of profaining it insisting upon. Two of the sons of Aaron Nadab and Abihu were struck dead for profaining the altar of God, and no sooner had Heliogabobis, who was sent by King Seleucus to demand the treasures of the temple, insulted Onias the High Priest, than a horseman appeared in the temple and tram pled him down and two others 6f extreme beauty scourged him until by the intercession of Onias, his sin was forgiven. They had not at the present time the rod of Aaron and the Tables of the law as in Solomon's splendid tem ple, but they had something far more precious, they had the body and blood of Jesus Christ re posing in tbe tabernacle, Our Lord had said, ' come to me all ye that labour and are heavy burdened and I will refresh you and learn of me for I am meek and bumble of heart.' How was His yoke sweet and His burden light? It was because His bearing and dying on the bitter cross had removed all its weight and its bitterness from them. What gvatitudeoughtthey npt.fe.el then towards our dear Lord for His in finite goodness: Let them take His burden upon them -and as that church had been conse crated to, His service let them consecrate their hearts to Him for it was there he delighted to dwell : to shun all sin which defiles that temple and not to let the sufferings and labours of Christ be in vain for them, for Jesus loved them and gave Himself for them.'' Mass concluded at a quarter past three, the entire service having ? lasted no less than eight hours. We must not omit to mention the very effective manner in i which the responsible duties of cantor were per . formed by Father Curtis, and the music of the ! Mass was very finely performed, it consisted of i Mozart's No. 12, with the exception of the ? Credo, which was from Haydn's No. 3 Mass, and the Offertory wa3 .Pergolesi's Sanctum et Ter ribile. The number of persons assembled amounted . to about 400 persons, the greater part of whom :- were present at the commencement of the ser L vice and remained until the conclusion. : The following clergy were present besides his 1 Grace the Archbishop and tho Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bisbop of Brisbane ; the Very Revs, the I Vicar 's-General, J. Keating and S. A. Sheehy ; i the Very Rev. Archpriest Therry, the Venerable 1 Archdeacon M'Encroe, the Very Rev. Dean 3 Sumner, the Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, the Very Rev. Dean Rigney, the Very Rev. Dr. » Forrest, Rector of Saint John's Collage ; Revs. T. Leonard, John O'Dwyer, E. Seully andDono 5 van, of Saint Mary's ; Rev. M. A. Corish and I Handy, of Saint Benedict's; Revs. j. F. Sheridan and M. Walsh, of the Sacred Hea^t ; [ Rov. M. O'Shea, of Saint Patrick's ; Rev. J. I A. Curtis and Athy, of Lyndhurst College ; Rev. s P. Powell, North Shore ; Rev. Father Rocher, Villa Maria, Ryde ; Rev. P. Kenyon, Parra e matta; Rev. P. Magennis, Appin; Rev. W. t Lanigah, Berrima ; Kev. J. P. Roche, Camp y belltown ; Kev. M. M'Alroy, Goulburn ; Rev. -. M. Brenuan, Penrith; Rev. F. X. Johnson, 1# Wbllongong ; Rev. P. Birch, Moruya ; Rov. J. O'Quinlivan, Port Macquarie; Rev. C. M'Carthy, Mudgee. ,r The following laity were also present: — ,r F, TurTille, Esq., Private Secretary to his Ex ,. cellency; the Hon. J. H. Plunkett; James I Hart, Esq., M. P. ; the Spanish Consul ; Francis n M'Nab, Esq., R. O'Connor, Esq., and most of the y parishioners of St. Benedict's. In the evening the Rev. Mr. Corish enter tained a company of about fifty gentlemen, nearly all of whom were priests, in the school liouse connected with the church. The Arch bisuop sat on the right .of the chairman, the Bishop of Queensland on his left hand. The Very Rav. Dean Sumner occupied the vice- chair. After the dinner, the health of their Holy Father the Pope, of the Archbishop, of the Bishop of Queensland, of the clergy who assisted at the ceremonies of the day, of the Rev. Father Corish, of the laity generally, and of Mr, Plunkett in particular, were successively called for and res ponded to. The Archbishop, in responding to the toast drunk to his honour, expressed his regret that St. Patrick's Church had not bee a consecrated before now ; he also explained the hindrances of that church, and gave reasons for believing that they would soon be completely removed. He promised tuat St. Patrick's should be the next ohurch that he would conse crate. The announcement was reeeived with strong expressions of gratification. 