DERBY TIP. Br LOUD DDNDBEAKY, (From the London Punch.) Well, nove, I don't know liow to bogin with ray pro jîlieoy.andl almost wish thufMrl'uncli hadn't asked moto do it for him, I mean that I don't wish I bad asked him to lot me. For I never made prophecy before, yon know, except nftor it had h'appcuod,-Ino croat I mean--and that isn't exactly a prophecy; which means tho foretel- ling of events that never huppon. I think t hat Dr Cum- ming might hare dono it, only you seo that reverend does not attend races, und so ho could not be supposed to bo up in the horses, for you can't have races without horses, you know, except races of ginger, and it woiild bo ridiculous to prophecy about ginger, you must seo that, quite ridiculous, and you might burn your mouth, like the man in the South eating the road to Norwich no, ho couldn't cat a road, could he!-that's not right. Stop, doesn't Shokspere-great creature,-Sliakspere say something about seeming iii running to devour tho way? Couldn't devour whey you know, curds you might though, but you can't prophecy about curds, ox. eept so fur ns saying they are very nasty. What wus I saying? Oh, yes, ginger, and curds and prophecies. Well, only one horse can win, 'that is quito certain, and ne must be the winner, unless ho comes in ofter another; | ihen he'll bo second, or moro than that-second-hand, in fact-n second-hand horse. You wouldn't liko that, would you? Slop though, all horses must be second-hand, unless you grow thom yourselves. . Grow them-is that right?-do horses grow ? Of course they do, some aro taller than others, und so sonio of them must bu shorter, it's ridiculous to say that, horses don't grow_liko (¡wcs., Certainly they do, und blow liko trees ulso-will anybody tell mo that horses don't blow ? I dare say that Miss Todd blow-ut lensl her horse : she only blow up when Lord Knox was hud un before Essex -stop, that's not right,-Essex is a county, und luis on I vos ; (hits was a couchman, ho hadn't calves, footmen havo calves though, which they slick--utleast, they stick 'em out behind. But Epsom is not .hi Essex, quito t ho reverse, Epsom is in thc Downs, whore tho British lleet waa moored when Black-eyed Susan cunio on board. 1 like black eyes, you know-not such. us you get lighting, of course, but a lady's black eyes, though very few indies have black eyes, I've remarked that, and n limn that would strike a lady deserres tu bo hanged-but. I don't iii eau that sort of oyes. All in the liowns though-how cali that be ? ships can't bo moored on dry laud j but. you'll say Epsom isn't always dry. Anyhow, a ship can't sail there, ridiculous. Epsom snits are not thu sall sea, you must see that. But about horses, where's tho 'list ? LÍBI, as Hamlet says to tho ghost, because a ghost on the Btago walks in list slippers very propor. Aco of Clubs-that's a queer name fora horse-horses don't go to clubs-nssos do though, 1 be- hove. He's to prepare the way for a Whitewall crack. What's tho good of preparing for a crack in a while wall; better stop it up ch-stop, yes, quito proper | then when tba crack comos you won't jump, well, ho won't win unless ho's thrown down on the table, and you can't throw a horse on tho table, though you can a pony. Next is a long Word. Arg^o-dessay it's a mistake for cargo, these papers aro so ignorant-slop, Argonaut. Nought means nothing, and that's his chances. Tobo sure, Wells, rides him, if he don't rido something else, and wells ure deep you know. AVolls ? Ah! When ho's 'in the saddle lie's Sadler's Wells, oh ? I'll send that to Punelt. Stop, I can't do that bocuuse I am ut Epsom, mid Sadler's Wells, is at Islington, ridiculous.. Well, hero's Brighton; I don't mean tho place, Park-lune super I muru, you know, but tho horse. I think lie bus done tilt he knows, has Brighton, and it's rory pleasant to go down agd dine ut the Bedford, and the asparagus in monstrous 'good-not monstrous asparagus. I don't lilra that t it should be small and green liko an amethyst-no, ame- thysts aro not green ; my aunt wears one, and abo isn't green neither-quite tho rovorso. I suppose I- mean an emerald ; but emeralds aro not like asparagus, you must seo tlwt. ' Cat-oat-yes, Caterer, that's tho compara- tive of cut; caterer or moro cat ; very good numo, easily said, sounds like " flatterer ;" but I shan't flutter this eat-this comparative eat--a horso a comparativo cut ! ComparisouB are odious ; so aro cats to sómo people, not mo, I like them when they don't scratch. I don t think. Cuteror will scratch-horses don't scratch "you knowr I think ho won't bo scratched, but I don't think .he'll ko tho ilrst to scratch against'tho ' winning-post. Clarissa colt, sha must bo a daughter of Mr Colt, who revolved pistols in his mind.' What would bo tho good of that, and what use is'a pistol ato racé, unless it's a prados-, tuiun'un ruce, ond you wan't to sturtlo the mon-at least not starllo 'cm, or tbey'wouldu't run well, of course, but Clarissa-what a pretty name, rhymes to Ilarlowo-no, it'don't neither, what mado mo, think of that P' Well, she won't win-stop, it isn't a she, but a colt. But" they are all colts { it's quito ridiculous calling one by a sho Christian name, it's bigamy. No, it , isn't quite that j but sho won't win, whether her father (1res a pistol or not. Collariua, that's a. good numo ; thora lieod to bo a polka'called tho Muzurku polka-What's that got to do willi it P Now what put polking into my. head?. Wo don't corrio' to lîpsom to polk, do we?. Wlion I was at Behool I learned a latin word-I don't mean only one, heaps, millions, but one which I think was cellaring, and meant "very fast," and, if this is a vury fast hprao the mimo is good, which comes of having a gunüoman's education. ' Everybody should. know Latin, then' we should all bo gentlemen. Stop, I don't waii't that though ; who'd olean tho boots ? Hoots munt, be cleaned you know, 'but tho Latina didn't weur boots, which accounts for it. The Latin, horse won't win. Now hero's a long ono. I should like to sneezo before I try it, for I shall never bu able to sneezo in tho middle of that horse, like a Centaur. But it's no uso, I can't CaraetaoUB. I've read of him, nnd how he onviod I Napoloou a humble cottago in Borne. Stop, wus it Ka nolcou P Yes, he was King of Borne, that's quito right ¡ but it was ridiculous to envy a humble cottage, he I might as woll have envied u humblo-bec. This horse [ I can't say hiui again-he has boen doing.something nt llalli, perhaps getting his heud shaved, to make him run hohler, and he frig! 'encd some of thurn-Í uni not I frightened, a nobleman ought never lo be frighttmcül ; I noblesse ob!inft you knov ; not Mint nil tho nobility ÍB 1 obliging-quite the reverse; my uncle isn't, for he won't Jet. mo como into his title, which is nepotism. I This llorac may win, if he .'.au-that. I inn nearly eerln'm about* K'l.iv we, como ti/ Trio Mu.rqu'H. What- nonsense Haying " the" Mnvquis, and not t-nying ol' where-not Marquis ol' Wurt', I don't menu that, but ol' «yiiiu place, und Ware would do ns veil aa anywhere. But purhaii a horse wouldn't like to be a Marquis. I mean a Mars quis wouldn't like to bu a horse, and have Iii* name in rlie mouth of all the legs. . Stop 5 do legs" luive mouths C I suppose so'-I have heard of gout in the Rums, and that accounts for. il. Well, as Tho Marquis i* a noble- man-that is, a noble hume, he may have 1 he blur riband, which is the order of tho garter, you know, und it ia always given to tho; winner of the Derby, niid Lord Derby is a Knight of tho Garter, though he never won, but the moral is the same. But a duke's higher ¡hun a Marquis, though not higher than a marqnee, or else ho couldn't go inside il, you must see that, and hero is Duke Rollo. Some say Wells may ride him, hut ho can't ride him and Cargo together-unless he pills a log on each and stand upright, tu\il 1 don't think the .fockey Club would ftan.l that. Anyhow a dnko is moro entitled lo a blue riband than au nuouymuii* Marquis, you must agroo to that. Now, then Zetland, he's a freoinn-uin, nt least Lord Zetland is, su Zetland must be a free und accepted horse, don't you soo ? Fancy a homo a mason- wouldn't mind being ¡Ired, oh P 'That's good, monstrous good. Now for another. Lord Glasgow's c. What's Lord Glasgow's op . BTc isn't' a bishop, is ho? Ridiculous, bishops don't keep racers. _ Dam-I don't mean that, you know, but a mamma, a'mother in fact, a parent as it ivcro. Dam by Orlando out of Brown Bess, also another by Barbutus out of Brown Bess. Then that must bo the uncle of tho other 1 come, I do understand a pedigree if I don't understand anything else, which I do. Thou an uncle and nephew aro to run against one another. That's meru nepotism. And Stockwell is tho fhthor of ono. That's a good father, but what the horse wants is a godfather. Why" don't Glasgow name his horses? I supposo ho's a l'ojdo-bap list. As for Warminster, if it isn't a mistake for West- minster, where tho nbbey is, you know, and Varliainont, only Barham ont's all at Epsom to-day. Warminstcr's a winning kind of name, only yon. don't win with your name, except when you aro a lord, nnd want to bo mar- ried ; and as for Ensign, why bless you, my cousin Bill's au ensign, and ho can't run a bit. To bo suva that's right, becauso o British soldier/-BiU's an officer, but tho moral is tho sumo-I say" a British moral officer ought not to run; and then Exchequer, what a name. I've hoard of runs on the Exchequer, but never of nn Exchequer running, though Slr Ghulstono runs on any timo. Fancy Mr Gladstone running for tho Herby, quite inconsistent, I should say, and he had bolter bo taking off -taxes than squandering his timo down there, drinking champagne, which is sure to disagree with him and make him fractious, liko a baby when you give him rhubarb on your finger, though I dare say Mr Gladstone's champngno is not of rhubarb, and in- deed lie is not here, which accounts for it, _ besides Ex-, chequer being scratched.- - -Neptunus is the samo ns Neptune, who is the god of the inferior regions, and if so, must bo an inferior horse, and not likely to win, though ho struck tho earth and carried oft" Porcupine to bo quocn down there. Stop, was her namo Porcupine or Prosperó ? Jt conld'iiot iiave been Prospero, because I have seen Mr Mncrcady play that, but then, to be sure, it was a revival, which is different. Also, 1 think it was Plato, at least, I know somebody reasoned weh, and; therefore he moy win after all, for thoro goos eggs to tho roasting of reason. No, you can't roast reasons, though you may bake raisins-something wrong there Malak was tho nomo df Mr Costa's '.opera, and I re- member that did not run.so perhaps this will not, and if he does not run ho can't conduct an opera, which Mr Costa can, nobody better, and hero is Sf Alexis. Putting a saint in a race, what Puseyism ! I suppose that's in compliment to Mr Gladstone, who has no business hero at all, ho hasn't and indeed ho is not here, for it would not do to have a horse- racing Lord Chancellor, who has quito enough to do to feed his seals. Stop though, the seals fcod him, I have hoard-I must ask Dr Sclator the next time I go to tho theological gardens-they call'em that becauso fellows go there on Sunday. '- Well that's about all, and I should like to sneeze. Eh ? But I haven't prophesied ofter nil. Well, that is-ridiculous enough. Prophosy, let's see, I'm to foretell what is lo come, that is what is to come to the post, come first, j Well, noblesse oblige, don't you see, at least you don't soo his roof, and I don't live undor it, except when I'm acting, but tho moral is tho same. I moan that it would'nt do, you see. Eli P O, why you -must seo that t could only prophesy ono wuy-it would bo such a bad compliment to our American cousins-at Wast, he isn't an Aniorican, nor my cousin, but performs that part, which accounts for it. T'co'uld'nt mention anybody but Buckstone. I want.to sneeze. ;.; * ' . .. ? '". *~ 