BICBiïTBITARY ' OXLBftfíATlOfr OX BLACK'BABTBOLOMBW, A.D. 1862. ' Tho final publio demonstration ia connexion, with this celebration took plaoe at the Viotoria parade Congregational Chapel, last evening. Tua chapel was quite full, and on the platform wera a number of olergy of different denominations. Tho chair was taken at a quarter past seven o'clock, by the Hon. R, Heales. Tbo proceedings having been opened with l j rayer by the Rev. W. Moss, of Prahran, The Chairman said he presided on the prê- tent occasion with very great pleasure, especially se he now had the opportunity of meeting several gentlemen who had won reputation ib ' lcoturers on the subject which they were now celebrating. "Various epochs ¡ti history had found many men willing to saorifico them- selves for the interoBts of their country, but they left little behind savo the rccolleo'.ion of tho iav«ges of war, whilo the opooh whioh was now commomorated claimed to be remembered prin- cipally because it had furnished men who had conferred great and ' real advantages upoa pos- terity. They, had brought religious freedom to their country, and whilo no one that night de- sired to vaunt the praises of one church over another, they could not.but feel pride in oolebrat ing, tho memories of those who had first 239 Îoars ago raised the standard of civil und religious iherty. Ile would call upon tho Rsv. J. Jj. Pocre to address the mooting. . The Rev. J. L. Poole said that though they ' that night could not wholly adopt the term " In- dependents" as their own, and only had that re- lation to the rest of tba religious world which waa borne by Gad and Dan to the rest ef tho tribes of Israol, yet ho was glad lo find them sufficiently strong to make some stir ia the world, and oalf attention to their motives and acts. In fact, ' they mot that night under a pretty strong protest from classes of people who, Lo should think, ought to bo the lost io raits suoti objections. The rev. speakor then alluded at como length to tho various objections urged against the Black Bartholomew celebration whioh have appeared in tho columns of The Argus and tho! Christian. Times, and expressed his regret that those whose brethren were joining in the celebration in England had their mindi so much disturbed by their antipodean position that thoy did not keep the feast with their brethren in Vio tona. After summing up these arguments, and j briefly replying to them, the rev. speaker re- ¡ marked that some of these objectors scorned -o I think it an extraordinary piece of impertinence ; on tho part of Nonconformists to criticize the etato church, its admirable liturgy «nd venerable establishments. Why, Nonconformists, be re rJied, had been doing this for years in a quiet way. They had kept ou looking at tho Church of England, and overhauling its traditions of. eighteen centuries, and they could not bein find inglthat, instead of being a true freo church, { having Divine impulses and heaven-born energies, it was something like George IV.--a bit of a man, but mostly ruado up of puff, padding, and pas:oboard. It was the custom of samo objectors of this sort to rave against the Puritans, heartily curse Cromwell, Prynne, Hampden, and all the bravo noble hearts of that timo, and speak of Charles I. as the blessed martyr of the church; i but withjsucb persons, of course, it was useless to argue,- and he would say no more on the sub- I joct, After all, what was this story of eighteen i centuries? It was impossible for any oue to srguo that the Church of England assumed sny real position till after A.D, 1652, whoa it was decided in convocation that no further reforms should be made, and the Churoh of England became as it was now. What it bad'become since-how low it had gono, and how high had become its pretensions-they all knew. The rev. speaker then briefly glanced at the history of that intervening period till the very latest event of the time-viz., the publica- ¡ tion of Essays, and Iicvkws, and tho trial of the nuthora before Dr. Lushington and tho Court of Arches, when it was finally decided that .the articles of acousation must be altered, that ali ; reference to the Bible must be left out, and only those to the Thirty-nine Articles admitted. ! Was it not, he asked, this very church whioh the people were called upon to pay for ? Was it not ever striving for a legal status, and supremacy even in this colony ? And did its great mop ever lay aside its pretensions, or ceaaa to hope in some moment of forgetfulness to step in and pick up the power which they regardod as their due? Was it any wonder if men found themselves opposed to a churoh like this, which bound men down, ignored true soionoe and sound looming ; shut out men from private judgement, took away their liberty in things divine, and finally could only hand them over to the tender mercies, not of heaven, bat of Dr.'Lushington and the Court of Arohes? As free men, and as subjeots of Her Majesty, who was always pleased to style their ministers her non conforming olergy, it was useless for a moment to say that these were matters whioh should not be looked into. If right was to be upheld, wrong pat down, and ecclesiastical presumption humbled, they were right in doing it when they could. To him the putting down of wrong anywhere in the universe, in this world of ours, or in Georgium Sidas, was a most blessed thing ; and If by Qoi Almighty's help the right could be mado mighty he would rejoioe. In view of this, he held that they had good reason to hold this feast, and make the most of it they could, for the cause of religious liberty in this land was by no means the most secure. Tbo Rev. Q>. mackie, as a Scotchman and a Presbyterian, rojoioed to be present that night. He'was not to condemn his brethren who were not there, but be glad for himself who was thero, and to hope that those who had not cast in their weight with this movement would be sorry for it. The subject whioh hod been given to him to speak upon that night was Oliver Cromwell, the vindication of whose character waa moro or le» a vindication of our common Protestantism. (Cheers.) It might seem a long step between Cromwell telling his own Parliament not to settle hisi right to govern them and Queen Viotoria sitting on the throne; but had it not been for; that great good man olearing the reli- gious sky. Queen Viotoria would not now be Queen of England, nor enthroned in the hearts of Let subjects. Narrating, in brief, the events of the struggle between Popery and Protestantism, which ooourred between the time when Queen Elizabeth pnt her foot upon the Reformation and the death of James £1., in the bosom of the Rom'ish Church, a fugitive and an exile, the speaker thanked God that in the terrible in- terval the English nation, through Oliver Crom- well, proved true to itself and remained firmly free. It could bo no trifling or ephemeMk feoUng, he said, whioh induced a nation, buf/wf few years before intoxicated with joy at Charles II.'s return, to turn out that oursed rai 3 of Stuarts ; but it was the feeling of men who had known God's Word, had tasted Christ's freí doip, and who maintained the character of Eng- land up to tho present time. It was the spirit of this great Puritan leader, who, till quite lately, h td been systematically maligned by the false teaohi ig of (he Schoolbook», that dwelt still among Englis i tach ; and the réfutation of the lies which haoTbe in flung forth to the world by the mon-,who h\d flung his body to the dunghill was not diffioult - ney, it was done already. (Cheers.) It w11 Cromwell who had found England sunk, in degri dation and left her mistress of the seas anl arbiter among the nations ; and it was impossiblj that Englishmen could ever cease to remember or to be grateful to him, for his only fault ha I been an over-covetous desire to mako Englan t and himself the bulwark of Protestantism an i projtector of Blblo truth. Considering what hi had done, the means at* his command, and thî lights in which he worked, it would be lonr before a true lover of England would hold up Mi hand against him. The rev. speaker, after giving a sport Bketch of Cromwell's life, expressed hit pleasure that the great man had defeated tuts Bcotch Presbyterians at Dunbar; and excused Cromwell's consent to the King's death, on the ground that there remained nothing else to be dorio to meet the occasion, and finally defeat, not onlV an incorrigible har, bat a blood-seeking hypo- crite and murderer of his people. Ho concluded by saying, that when he had seen the right hand of Popery dripping with blood, when cries had oom» from Italy, now free through Garibaldi's aid: from Austria, where women were flogged; and from other suffering nations, he hod often pray el for. some Cromwell, whose sword would caus) constitutionalism to reign and tyranny to cease. He hoped the result of this celebration would bl to .point a. still further attack upon state aid -(cheers)-and that the people of this day woull set as good trustees of the religious rights they desired to hand down to their children. ' Mr. E, Langton oocupiod his present poaitioi with regret, as ho only came forward then ia placo of tbo Rov. J. Bickford, n Wesleyai minister, who was to havo addressed the mee tin í on ia subject kindred to this celebration. It hal beru said In several quarters, that Independentt had no right to monopolizo the honour of thii celebration, and it waa assumed that they bal done this ; but tbo presence of ministers of othsr denominations that evening refuted the insinua ' lion. IndependentsBimply camefarwardasamongs. a othtr haters of tyranny and stato churohism, and lovers of God and their conscience. Ho could not but see that a largo portion of tho argument« lovellcd at this celebration were of the lu auoque, or ' " you'ro another," kind. It was said that Independents had, shortly before A.D. 1662, themselves perseoutcd : but I hil w&b; an evasion of the question. At the same time, he was pre- pared to consider the question on its merits. Ia England, in Elizabeth's reign, when Puritan} were legitimate holders of livings, they were yet systematically oppressed and driven out by all high- church bishops, such as Wbitgift, Bancroft, and Laud: and hence it might bo said that the Long Parliament only put wrong right, and , restored livings to their rightful hilders, {« WM also urged that it was wrong to rake up old dif- ferences; but what comparison could there b» between the Archbishop of Toulouse's oelebratioa of the massacre in tbe south of France and the celebration of the memories of men who had been faithful to their consciences, and who would not submit to the impositions of wrong by Parliament, and who gave up all sooner than their freedom and their sense of right, One great argument used to show the perseon tlons of which the Nonconformists had been guilty when they bad tho power, was contained in the assertion that they had embittered the last days of Obillingworth-a good and truly religious nan. But how stood the foot ? Dr. Biroh, who had written a life of Obillingworth. tola that Obillingworth, who had been chaplain to the Royalist army, was taken as prisoner of war, bad a large amount of liberty allowed him, was treated with great consideration, and died a purely natural death. What was the use of bringing this up against the broad fact, that, on the day they celebrated, 2.000 ministers wore turned out of their livings because they would not violate their consciences. One advantage and no mean one-of the celebration would be the light thrown upon the subjeot, the conse- quence of which must of necessity bo the ad- vancement of the cause of truth and froodom. On tho opposite side, an authority had boen brought forward for this very object, who bore the unfortunate name of Walker, whose work had been written to show forth the sufferings which had been endured by the clergymen of the Church of England. He, on the contrary, could not be brought to regard this book aB more than a fiction, as muoh as ever Robinson Crusoe was. The book was not common, but lately a small abridgement had been brought into the colony, and somewhat ex- tensively circulated. He had not seen it, but an account which had been given him of one of its ohapters was a fair sample of its con- tents. It told one story of eighty oiergymen who were confined under thatches in a vessel . on the Thames, and kept there for twelve months. Few would be ever inclined to accept this story as true, but how mnoh more would they be surprised when they heard the remainder of the Btory-how one day a good dinner of capons was sent to them, and most of them de shed to enjoy it ? One suspicions olergyman, however, thought an enemy might have sent it, and tasted the samo; and Walker added, that upon his doing this all his teeth immediately fell out, and the oonBcquenco was that all the clergy- men died, except one, who escaped to tell the tale. Could stupider stories be found in Baker's Chronicles of the Rings of England, where his readers were told that in Queen Mary's reign a rainbow appeared whose ends touched the sky, while the bow came to earth ; and how, in Queen Elizabeth's reign, a fish was found in the Isle of Thanet, whioh measured eleven feet across between the eyes, and whioh could not be dragged away ? Kaon story was as reliable as the other, and if any one wanted more of tho same kind, ho could go to Baron Munohauses. He would bo glad of this celebration if its only consequence was to give a better notion of what omi and religious liberty wai, and he rejoiced that the Nonconformists of Victoria had not sat still, and let their Daglish brethren work alone. It was with pleasure he felt that he had not yet lost his nghts as an Englishman, or the right to join iu celebrating the memories of men who had made Britain what it was. Indeed, he hoped Victoria would always remain an integral portion of the British nation, and that one of the results of this cele- bration would be to make that position more secure, and keep it intact, (Cheers.) The Rev. J. P. Stjndbbxamd waa present to tay "Amen" to all the preceding speakers. He regretted.that so many efforts had been used to prevent the people from joining in this celebra- tion: but the warnings against it had been of muoh tho same use as the old warning used to children against going to the river-side for fear "Bloody bones" Bhonld oome to them. The people here had had a great duty to perform, and nobly were they performing it. Although thoy were in a colony like Viotoria, was there mt muoh Btill to reform, in order that the liberties of the people should not be trampled under foot ? (Hear, hear.) Was it not certain that spiritual power yiven to any class would suroly bo abusai? i and they were there that night to assert that j dod, and God alone, was the Lord of their oin ¡ sciencts; and that as long as one shilling of j state aid was paid, they would raise their voioai against it. It would be well to speak tenderly of ' persons, but as long as a system was bad-ai I long as religious liberty was in danger-thera ¡must be no compromiso. In New South Wale i ' the people were B'ruggling to get rid of state aid, i and if it were destroyed, would it not bring all ! Christians closer together! Lookingat tho subjeot in this light, this celebration was a worthy ona, and if only a protest against state aid, well ful- filled its purpose. People were apt to take it for granted that state aid was doomed, but it wai not yet doomed. There would be a tremsndoui fight before it was given up ; but the tactics of the enemy were just now to make people sure that state aid was going, while they wera straggling lest they should lose a shilling. Wai it not monstrous that the Ohuroh of Eng- land, which owned property worth £6,000,003 a year, had done bo little for that country ; and, moreover, that they bo grasped for the littU money the state gave them in Victoria, though their members comprised the riobest men in the community ? All these matters were of im- portance, and if the history of A.D. 1653 ) was read aright, it would give the peopU .greater strength, oourage, and determinattoi I to do the work which the Lord had' givea them to do. Thcro was enough in thi I present day to show that there was danger, au i .it was no time, therefore, to be silent. Finally, it was a great object to gain religious equality and fraternity; and if this celebration stirred th» Cplo of Viotoria to a sense of what they migra1; i, what thoy had to keep, and what they had to gain, it would not have boen kepi !in vain. fc Tho Rev. J. C. McMichael proposed a vo'.a i of thanks to the chairman for presiding on th) .present occasion, He said he could not but ra mark that every riüid member of the Churoh of England must rejoice at the Aet of Uniformity I passed by the clerk of the weather, with respaot I to the Black Bartholomew celebration and Ioj i tures, for on every occasion the publio had bee x accommodated with rain, as at the present mo- ment. (Laughter.) He would just say tw> ¡words on two subjects. One was, that it had ,been assorted that the true descendants of ths Puritans were the presentEvangelical clergy of th 3 t Churoh of England. This was in great part true, i but there was one difference-viz., that the de- scendants could conform to what thoir ancestor» .could and would not agree to. The other word .'was in respect to a correspondent ia The Arçut. ' who signed his name " Eolcotio," and who ref erro i ! to some matters in his letter to which a reply wa i needed. That reply waa never made, because 'the matter referred to was publio, while ths accuser waa anonymous; but the statement made !was false, nor did "Eclectic" know anything: about the matter on which he wrote. , The'Rev. W. 8. H, Field en seconded thi motion. He said that lately he hadsubjeotei 'himself to the dangerous process of reading Walker, or suoh a ghost of the old folio of 8)» .pages as was now Buffered to walk about in ¡the shape of a 12mo edition. Unfortunately, this I contained but little save tales as absurd as that 'narrated by Mr, Langton about the dental opera* Ition, and he could say but little respecting it, though the time might como for a publio lecture I on tho subject, The rev. speaker read some' extracts from tho book in question, amid con- siderable laughter, and added some humorou» [comments of his own, whioh also excited mash , amusement. . ? I I Tho vote of thanks was then carried by accla- mation. j The Chaieman briefly expressed his thanks for the compliment paid him. and a fervent hop's 'that the last days of state aid would come soon, ! Tho proceedings were concluded with devo- tional exercises. i DlBTltKSSlNO Cass.-A very distressing cas» has recently come to our knowledge which,-if thi 'facts are as stated, seems to showtnat the hospital is not conducted on suoh humane principles as it 'ought to be. A poor friendless woman, suffering; 'from an acute disons«, applied for admission to the hospital some tune last week, and was refuse! because she had a child with her. Nothing more 'was heard of her until about two days ago, whea 'she was found lying in a miserable state, without 'help of any kind, somewhere in the, neighbour- hood of Eureka-street. By the interposition of 'some well-known persons she obtained admission .into the hospital, but died within.twenty-four (hours. The disease appears to havo been one ¡that timely aid would have cured, and it isoertainly (atrango that she should have been left, as sha iwas. to perish. We give the facts as stated publicly, and must say that this case seems to be ¡one in whioh a strict inquiry is demanded. Ballarat Star, Aug. 26. ! Lucky Dkbam.-Our Clones correspondent writes as follows :-" On Saturday last a min named Hosie, who has recently been employed as a labourer here, after, a short absence re- turned with some very rich specimens of auri- ferous quartz, the produce of one week's proi pecting. One of the stones, weighing 'seven .pounds, when broken unproved to contain thlrty 'two ounces of gold. The locality of this rioh lode is on the borders of M'Callum's Creek, about fourteen miles from here. Another party is ¡working a separate lode near to the one from which these specimens were taken, whioh ha* 'given two and a half ounces to the ton. Hosie '?tates that the night before he tried the lnoky 'spot he dreamt that as he was passing it he sank f, and was almost suffocated. The whim sensed at, and the first blow of the pick on the follow g morning discovered to hint bia fortune. 8Jo> ntch for a dream."-SoWarat Btar, Aug. 28, 