TWO BLOCKS FROM THE CHRISTMAS FIRE. ' BY CATIARB. Though the Wind blow fierce, and the snow fall fast, and the soot- flakes tumble down the ', -chl?ne7 at Christmas time, the frosty dear ! old festival will bring its special delights, its gracious ; thoughts, that blossom, like its own rose, by .'?' if torray gaWes, and amid leafless gardens, diffusing its sweet breath around, when th« viniot* aM a»;n under the earth, and the furze is blossomless on 1he uplands. The glory of the time lies in the .Contrasts which it evokes and multiplies. Abroad the stubble is stiff with ice; the fields, if not ?white, are covered with the yellow tint of decay ; the brook is thick and immoveable; our trees do net afford a solitary green bud to relieve. the universal i dreariness in which, from their melancholy looks: \- and v pinched bodies, even the dumb animals of the stall and paddock might be supposed to parti ?cipate. Withindoors, the hearth is bright, for there the traditional log burns, sending out all ports of extravagant spark, squibs, and crackers. ; An unusual glow pervades the house, and every «ne seems determined to be happy. However poor the household, however numerous the little one* that gather round the knees of sorrowful maternity, a fowl is sure to find its way to the pot, and even a bit of sweet cake, or a morsel of plain dessert, is eked out of the family resources. ., In many humble homes . Christmas is the anniversary of a great household purification. . Only see how tbe ceilings, glitter with fresh wash; how the dingy anptheaten floors become almost white; how the mildewed panes grow transparent; how the plates and dishes shine, each in it's proper place is a rare pleasure ! It is fine to see the dark houghs of holly, often gorgeously jewelled with bunches, of blood-red berries, and the twinkling laurel-like branches of ivy wUh which the good woman decorates her candlesticks and polished tins, sticking a little bit in every crevice and coign of vantage, where a glimpse of bright foliage and a spray of crimson fruit will catch the eye to show advantage. And then the Christmas candle, which has been hanging by the wick a whole fortnight in the chandler's * -window! How tbe children look at it, anc wonder how much it weighs ! Witb what pride the poor man lights it before midnight with an unsteady hand and face averted from the light; whilst bis wife stands in his shadow, and a tear gathers to her eyes, as she loeks back at tbe long procession of Christmas candles which stream tuith a (atiiner Vtaht intVi a fniror Pa«f 9 W;*K Christmas time, old faces catch up happy re flections of youth, and young faces flush with a divine excitement, like John Keats's grapes ? *' up to the surface full of happiness.' I knew a venerable old friend, who, of all times in the year, would dance only at Christmas. In the ?chimney nooks you may bear the breezy gossip of grey- haired people; and from all corners of the bouse the merry chatter of the little folks as ♦Inotr cnopulato fin atooaf ntaatc on/1 Piioicdvin* ?boxes, and, not lest nor least, tbe ravishing prospects of slides, and snow- balls. If jou look abroad, potting your eye to the slit, in tbe shutter, you may see across the str-ets, heaps of white abrupt gables and pendant chimney stacks, throwing broad bars of ashen hue athwart the spotless roofs, with the watchman standing ?contemplatively on tbe fl igs, bis oiled hat glistening in the pure tranquil moonlight. Perchance some poor unfriended mother or sister, some homeless outcast, ragged and sbiverin*, may catch yonr eje; and if so, holy and wholesome is the practice, which good people have not forgotten, of opening their doors and pockets to the poor at this touching season. Even the legalized cruelty of the work- house mollifies its severity before the Christmas fire ; and our peor brethern who sit, day after day, between life and death, .in its cold and blinding ?dungeons, get. a morsel of joint and pudding on the day of our Lord's nativity, whicb the system lanl scarves luem uuiuitnijr icu'-ignises as merely tbe 25th day of the 12tn month. Our gaols also throw open their terrible doors, and permit the worst criminal to receive little comforts from his friend outside. Blessings upon tbe day which can wring compassion from tbe workhouse and mercy from tbe gaol! Sometimes the wind will roar down the streets, drifting the snow, twisting the chimney-pots until they spin, and sending all the signboards swinging to and fro like dumb chimes ; the glass will clash, the roof shake, and the soot dance down tbe ? chimneys — ah ! those are tbe pleas mt accompani . ments to tbe festival. It is tbe snow and the wind crying — '? As you wont let us in, we w,ill have a Christmas of our own in tbe leads, and gutters, and spouts, and house- tops— sbant we ?' ?? -.?.'''? l 3 ,' J — — — — — i — — i ? i says the snow. And the wind roars out a mighty affirmative. The little children clap their bands, for their glee was. boundless; and the old people look jolly, and exclaim, / God bless us, what a windy CbrJstmasJ' I know how they manage to keep Christmas in great houses. There, indeed, it is a common place affair enough, for with it come no contrasts —because puddings and joints, and Christmas boxes are no novelties to the dwellers therein. You will find them sitting, those great cold police people, in one vast luxurious apartment, ; redj curtained, soft-Zcarpetted, amid the, richest furni ture, and. tbe dearest glass, and. the finest plate. They sit on straight-backed chairs those people do, with very grave faces and very low voices1; very proper, very admirable conduct I admit; but i love to be pleasant as as well as wise, and prefer naturalness to politeness. The little children rest their frilled elbows on the glittering tables, and criticise the pictures, and turn over the leaves of their Christmas books, tor, all the, world lika old people. Mamma, is ^languid, and papa looks as if be wished the nigbt was over, that he might look gloomy and discontented again without any breach of propriety. The apartment is beautiful; but not a bit of holly, not a bit of ivy, because, as my lady tells the children who have brought up rapturous accounts of the style in which the servants* hall is done up with boughs and berries, they are vulgar, and only used by tbe poorer classes. When the tea equipage has been re moved, papa generally calls on the youngest daughter to n'av her last,' ninnn Avamiaa »?? ... u« particularises it— that thing about the flats.' And when she has wearied her thin little fingers over the keys, rnamma says, «? My dears it is bed-time,' and tbe bell is rung, and tbe dears are. kissed, and the maid takes them up to bed, where they lie awake listening for hours to the poor man in the sad coat and bis poor wife in the limp dress, who are singing Christmas carols under the win dows. It is a fine thing, I know, to be rich and wear diamonds, and go to church in a load of furs anil as it ougbt to be enjoyed, one must have tasted poverty, and dined occasionally with that highborn and temperate needlewoman who was wife to I Duke Humphrey. I know of only one man of rank who can be said to have rightly enjoyed I Christmas, and that was Sir Roger de Coverley. Look at bis letter to Mr. Spectator, in which be tells him that at Christmas he always keeps, a good joint and a stout flagon on the side-board for the entertainment of the destitute. BIprs that dear old heart. Christmas is tbe apothesis of poverty. Therefore it is that dear angels sit, in that holy season, by the fire-sides of the poor, and that the tenderly disguised minister of God's bounty, whom men call chance, drops unac countable crowns into empty pockets, and replen ishes the cruse of tbe indigent. When I look back on tbe Christmases of two certain years, and put their seperate experiences together, I cannot help thinking that they present as many shades and contrasts of thought and situation as could be easily collected wftbin so narrow a compass, Jtecauing tbe special inci dents and surroundings which serve to distinguish one from the other, tbe misery and desolation which darkened one festival, the sudden happiness which lighted upon tbe other, I cannot help feel ing thankful; and, mixing the bitter and the sweet in one forming hippocrene, I find the draught taste delicious. I know a man walking daily in the traffic-rutted highways of trade, but gifted with keen perceptions and noble realizations of great tru:hs, which, to our common loss, lack a higher direction and a bolder flight; who sserts that at the day of judgement tbe economy of God's providence will be vindicated in our suddenly seeing, that however dissimilar was our lot in the bygone world, each and all enjoyed an equal measure of happiness. Applying to this doctrine the touchstone of my own fortunes, I am I convinced it is sound and rational. The jewel headed toad remained for many centuries the uuomiani type oi gooa involved in evil ; but physical science gave us a better illustration of the goodness which may be impact in filth, when it extracted marvellously brilliant dyes and re freshing perfumes from the dreg and sediment of t ie gas-house.- Dare I believe that my neighbour opposite, who reclines daily at a banquet and picks bis teeth witb a diamond stiletto, is a whit happier than I, who must needs be content with a steak for dinner and a turn in the parks by way of dessert ? On the contrary, I go so far as to fancy that .the man in thick shoes and tattered coat, who pumps from morning until night at tbe square . corner, is as happy as either. I am fully satisfied that pain and pleasure have their com-3 pnsating balances— that if my neighbour dines sumptuously I am not afflicted with bis dyspepsia —that if my friend in the thick shoes works hard and lives frugally, his wants are below reproach, andfae may smile at the taxman. In this way ?] derelope the serenity with which I can afford to remember my two Christmases. MY FIRST CHRISTMAS. John and William, Edward and I, Richard, were bound apprentices in a great bouse at tbe end of a great dingy street, about the centre of a great city. None of us had rich parents or wealthy friends to care for us. We were very poor, and what is worse, very hopeless. Three of us were orphans ; and William, who because he was habitually addicted to playing pan tomimic tunes, on the kitcben bellows, with the , kitchen poker for a bow, we had affectionately named Fiddler, afterwards contracted to Fid, had a dying mother. He was very small, and some one, with whom he bad a quarrel, nick- named him, ' the Widow's Mite.' Of; his father who had emigrated to Canada when mq was a. babe at breast, nothing was known, though a good, deal was surmised. John was a quiet, large-headed boy, of whom, as our mistress, Mrs. Millet used to say, 'nobody knew nothing,' but we did not love him the less on that account. He was , a natural, tender-hearted fellow, very fond of sleep when he ceuld get it, who looked on every kind- faced man as his father, and on.every genteel^ woman as his mother. Thomas was a fair- haired, nervous little fellow, very consumptive in look, very playful, very affectionate. Our friend Edward— we always called him Ned— was a merry hearted lad, who, although he never said a queer ward, much less to r venture on a joke, was a famous singer of comic songs. We four, by some process which is not satisfactorily explained even by theory of Elective Affinities, somehow, happened to come together as poor apprentices unr-er a at cold roof in the great c-t7. We were hard- worked,, ill-fed, sparely ?*? 7 ? ; :' r ivwi»cu j»w »Yogaa j uur 3lalU5 II] the. establishment being considerably below, that of Jthe housekeeper's cat and our master's pet cockatoo. From seven o'clock, daily, until ten o'clock at night, we worked jn a vast, illventi lating, close-smelling shop, shouldering our way ns tast we could through bales of goods and swarms of customers under the cold, cruel eye of our master, Mr. M,ille,t. It was a very harrowing occupation, you, may be sure'; for we we're ex pected to please everybody, and to spare no, lying, no cozening in foisting on our customers a store full of dozed goods, which had been years upon years on hands, and was rapidly losing all value. 1 1 remember Mr. Millet distinctly. He was a tall, well-built, broad-chested man,;,bis face was a fat oblong bordered with faint indications of whiskers and lighted up by the most malignant and witch lut vi eyca. xuere was lernpie savageness ln.bis thick compressed lips and massive, chin, none of us, for certain rational -reasons', much liked. As I have said he is very fat,;. and this was most perceptible in the region of the. eyes, which pre sented thick sprays of multipled wrinkles, which, starting from tbe corner of bis lids, zigzagged back under bis hair. It was his custom during busi ness hours to walk hurriedly up and down tbe shop, jingling gold and silver pieces - in his breeches pockets, and stopping, when the humour seized him, to direct some, brutal reproach or oiigukijr ^umiucu luijncuauuu ai us, poor appren tices. We lived in a state of constant fear and irritation, and he knew it. When ten o'clock at night came, one of ua would steal out in the dark to put up the shutters, taking care not to speak to the policeman, a crime unpardonable in a poor apprentice. Tben tbe shop would oe closed, and Fid or I would take the keys upstairs, and having laid them down silently at Mr. Mil et's elbow, follow the rest of the apprentices to the kitchen, whese we sat until bedtime. We were given supper, but the bread was so bad that it was hard to eat ; and tbe [milk which was suspended ! tu the water-hntf. was v»™ thin --ni1 n*nA*. .. ~ .- .—w ..»..*,? *r*«iU, *r uW T^tjr buiii, auu malic US feel very sick. When we had made a show of eating we drew a long form to one side of the fire and, having drawn lots for places, would sit down If we indulged in a chat we were obliged to select the topics with great prudence, for we were within earshot of the housekeeper, a lady who exhibited a marvellous taste for carrying stories to head-quarters, and embroiling us witb the au thorities. At eleven o'clock came the order for bed, accompanied by strict injunctions not to speak when we got there. No ligbt of any des cription was allowed, lest, as it was charitably intimated, we should 'try to set fire to the house.' Mr. Millet's parlour door had to .be passed on our way up ; it was nothing uncommon to find that gentleman, candle in band on tbe lobby, waiting to review us. In so doiag be was' generally assisted by Mrs. Millet, a coarse ..'minded good looking woman, .who dressed ex pensively arid vulgarly at the same time. ^;r?W heJS?ul-rf ay t0 m* and *hen to *»? u ' i^VMllI^», bea* witnea*» theM « fcem boys. I d lifcd to know who 'clothes them, I'd like to know who feeds them, Mrs. Millet; who but. their natural protector?' ' .- ' You puppies,' Mrs. Millet would say; « why dontVyou say «yes'» Of course, we air sai5 „ '5afenttI ^ated them,' he would contiaue, as if they were born proper ? as if their fathers and mothers could be . had to the good? Don's I?' This question was invariably put. with a good deal of vivacity, the sneaker aeizirio nn«» «# us, poor apprentices, by the hair, and pressing his knuckles under our ears until we were dad to say ?? Yes, sir.' ; - - 'And who sends them to bed, Mrs. Millet? who saves them from transportation, and from hanging, I'd like to know? Go to bed, you sneaking snivellers. Go r Mr. Millet would Jay, and we were only too happy to follow his in structions. . . f Having crept into bed, we pulled the clothes -.»,. ..„» ucaua aim uuaiieu in wnispers until we fell asleep. These were dull times, you may be stire ; but there was no help for it. We were friendless and penniless ; and, bad as the great street was, there remained for us no other home in the wide world. Christmas came. And who is it, however miserable, refuses a peaceful heart and a holiday smile (clown's paint as it may be) when touched by the gentle inspirations of the blessed season? It was a cold, dry Christmas eve; the black frost lay hard and slippery on the flagstones; the sky was of a light blue, with millions of lights spark ling on the windows of the dingy shop ; puffy heaps of snow law crammed in between the tops of the street railings, and on the corners and mouldingsof the sign-boards, and on the tops of the gas-lamps, and in every nook ani cranny - where its pure presence could find a refuge. The streets were thick with people coming and going to marKet, ana t&eir; pleasant voices penetrated to where we stood. It was miserable to be there when every one around us was so happy ? but what could be done ? When we heard the clock strike right, Jobs suggested that we, poor an prentices, ._ should send Mr. Millet a petition begging, him^ because it was Christmas eve to permit tbe shop to be closed at nine o'clock. Fid was generally our literary man ; but as he was despondent and sad in consequence of hearine that his mother was at the point of death, John drew up the petition; and it was taken up stairs by tbe housemaid. In a few minutes she re turned, pained and sorrowful. ' Master says ' said the woman, ?? that as because you're black guards, not to close the shop until eleven o'clock ' We looked at each other in blank, miserable amazement. *' What do vmuiir t« .«?,??»» t?:a «»♦ i « ?»▼ i ^ 7 ? ? J~~ ''J ?-* nun*, JL 1U ; asked Ned. ' God forgive him,' replied Fid ? and this was the only allusion we made te the ukase. The clock struck the quarters, and the two hours seemed quadrupled in length. Since seven m the evening a singK customer had not crossed the threshold, except a poor man, who asked us, as if in sarcasm, to help tbe distressed. The night grew colder' and colder; the frosty stars shone keener; the wind blew the snow off tbe streets into our faces, until we shivered and huddled ourselves together fob warmth. Tbe streets grew deserted ; and at last eleven o'clock came, and with it came Mr. Millet. He was flushed from drink or excitement. He flung the shop door suddenly open, and glared at us, poor apprentices, with those horrible eyes of bis from the top of the step. Fid gazed up. into the flabby face with a fearful curiosity, and continued look ing until I, who knew the consequence of such imprudence, touched him with my foot. 'Who wrote that?' asked Mr. Millet, pro ducing the bit of paper on which we had written our petition. ' Who wrote that?' There was a fearful silence for a -W minnfoe ? 'You pack of squalid curs,' said Mr. Millet,' ' am I to be answered ? Who— wrote— that ?'* ' I— I did, sir,' said John. Mr. Millet descended and caught John by the head. ' You lying scoundrel,' be roared, ' have you the face to tell me that you wrote that, up to my teeth ? Hitting the poor boy about the ears, he dismissed him to bed without his supper. John disappeared. ?? Close that door !' exclaimed Mr. Millet, pointing to the public entrance. And tben, with a disgusting shrivel of the wrinkles about his eyes, be added, ♦? I'd have you take care of yourselves. You know me. Do you know me?' We said ' We did,' very humbly. He tben went up stairs, desiring us to follow him. Wondering, what would happen next, and after a little fight on the lobby to know who would go -first I led? tbe way to the parlour, and Fid .and Edlfrd followed. We .stood outside the doo&til; desired to come in. Mr. Mil let ?was seated at the^re; Mrs. Millet lay on.tte —* sofa, withfa very languid aittwbfcb ^interiorly - :attributepto tob much 'brandy.;: ?♦ EllenrT-Mrs.;; Millet,' Niaid the gentlemani *%; have brought;; . you four—'no, there's one gone £o bed— hopeless? xujfiaW *Look-at them as; tbeyjstand afore you. ?lach depravity is awful* Mr?. Millet.' ' y Mrs. Millet looked at us, and only said, ?*? Shocking.' 'I have brought you four sneaks,' be con ^*muedfv'a3- would , do credit ;tO;«tbe ,condem.ned ''cell,. and yet, as you know and as they know, I sjgreis them; -jW)ien they're out of their; time, Mrs.' Millet^ the' police will know 'their men. fi^They'llknow them when the judge says to them . ^ .—iWhere's your character ? 'Twill be no usef 'leat witness, Mi 8. Millet—for them to, be coining n\ snivelling to me. ,Np~I shall; say,' conti n «ued Mr. , Millet, /rising with a slight stag-, 1/ ger. and revolting draw up of the. wrinkles, o-ii'let, justice haye its due— -I grant no commota 4ion.' ; v h'i ' -Very. ' proper,' observed Mrs. Millet. iaf-- Faugh :; I'm a Dutchman if the doesn't smell «-f onions.' ; f, ,t,rt; Considering that the lady herself had. pro vided the obnoxious vegetable, the objection was j .scarcely reasonable. '?. ,i '«,Hpw dare you smell of onions ?' asked Mr. iii Millet. Phew! the house is alive with them.' r \\. Ned ventured to say he had onions for dinner, bin ^return for which information Mr. Millet squeezed his knuckles under the boy's ear, and -; .'When he;Shrieked with pain, told him to hold his j ^tongue in future until he was spoken to. ,? i , ', '.This is Christmas,' said Mr. Millet, with a .V very lofty air. ' My dear, t wish you a happy .. 'fChristmas. My dear, give those bad lads a bun a peace,' . : ;: .Mrs. Millet looked up in astonishment. Her' . , -face, grew red and her frame shook with. emotion.; ! ;';*? Mr. Millet,' she said, 'I never encourages vice ; CJive.them buns! Why next thing they'll ask is clean shirts every Sunday. Buns indeed !*? , . ' Mr. Millet was humilitated. . ' Who spoke of 'buns ? be asked, turning to me. I said I. believed ' .nobody, and for capital good reasons tie abstained ? from pressing the inquiry further. 'What are ??' you snivelling ibaut?' he asked, turning to Fid, ? whose eyes were red from weeping. ' Please, sir,' replied the little fellow in a voice ^broken with sobs, whilst bis breath came thick ' -and fast, '.my mother is dying.*' And having \- r-said so much with difficulty, he put his hands to ? his pale face, and the tears trickled through his : -fingers. , . . .: ?. U ; ?. ' Oh ! your mother is dying — is she ? Well, I ^ -, s4pn't see what tbat has to do with you. Does iiiTou, Mrs. Millet? You are now earning your ? ,-own bread, and your mother should die sooner or \--,^ jatter. . . Shut up !' .,,:-«' I can't guess what women of her sort wants ., -with, children — with brats,' observed Mrs. Millet »qutetly. ' Noosances to society they are she ' '.',, added. . '?'--''??.'.'??..? . ..'.They breed like beetles,' o.bserved Mr. Millet ? - abstractedly. 'I meets a wonai the otber day i ; dn High Street and what do you think ? she had ?vthe; assurance, to have three whelps at her heels;; i.and another in .her, arms! Shocking!' ,..-. '?;.[,. I ^lrs. Millet. said ' ugh,' andrelieved her bosom i r;.of an indignant sigh. ' That cub,' she said,' -;r'! will make me sick with his snuffling. '.;?...- 'Oh ! ma'am,' said Fid, 'if you only knew .- -how beart-braken I am. She's dying almost '..ialotfe ; there's not a soul to say a kind word to her,, and if you let me go only for a few minutes ' -T~oniy to kiss her and come back, sir, please. ?Oh:! Ill be so grateful.' : :'But, mister, you're not grateful — you are ? .:: hot,' replied Mr. Millet, without the least show . icnof pathos. 'Mrs. Millet I took in this boy ]{:i\vhen he was growing up for the gallows, and *; ;--.does! you hear his impertinence? Actually . ;.. wants to break the rules of the house because , bis mother is dying.' : ' , 'But she is dying, sir/' said Fid, with a look \- in bis tearful, eyes, which -I never forgot. 'Ob, give. me only five minutes only ? ' .; ..; ?' Give yon the strap you mean,' was Mr. /Millet's reply. .' Mrs. Millet, you see the reward -.!;? of: i benevolence.' Stepping down stairs he . i, lucked the hall-door, put the key in his pocket, -: -and. orderei us to the kitchen. , ,: ;We sat silently by the fire for many minutes. .; -Poor Fid sat next to me, and laying bis head ;1. -up/in . my breast sobbed violently, The wind' bad lulled, and the moonlight streamed ..down ~i':qbetween the area bars on the dirty windows^ ;-:-..i;Anon a small-voiced bell in a distant quarter of* the city tinkled ; and then the. grand peal i of ? ' .:-: :, chimes in the Cathedral rang out merriliy.' ;_ ; .;.: ' Dear: Fid,'' I said: do you hear the bells f'; ° ' i:: ..,,.?' I hear -them, Dick,' he whispered .-..without ..Taisins; his bead. '.'M know what they, mean.' ,, ?;? -, :??',? Yotu dear fellow, what can they mean? ''.,.('?.-'' (Death,', said Fiiij/.rgisjn?; his white face and ,'?'- Iodising at mswith spl.tmn earnesfness/ '.'They' , ''ara; joy bells|;to' you, '-.Dick, and to hundreds' '? i ? ^besides:; to me bells of death, that toll a dear' iiV.Vfiffe out of the world, beyond my reach for ever,, ;.;!7.»ni}',every .and tver. Oh 'dear Dick, may you' ? ^ ?Wv.er haVe a mother dying, and stretching out .,;fv.hijr arms to youi but without finding you.' ! '?', .. ?;;! VFid,' I said, 'we must try to be .patient. L^ri airf trust in God. .It is a bitter trial, dear, and . .= i.invusbbe borne.' - i- : --'Dickf' be replied, ' you are right ! but it's tyli 'p6!h»rd'^' Is not Christmas a happy ..time for one to die? 1 remember a very osiri story, told me, — oh ! so long ago — that the gates of heaven are opened on Christmas night, and God stands on I the threshold to^takffin '''the :we'ary- hearted. I' my poor mother should ?die— I trust she will die at this blessed time.'; ;;;- .« 'Dear Fid. . ^ ;' f - ?« And* Dick, it is so mournful, to think that : whilst you and I were sitting and talking here, ?imyimoth'er may be looking at the light for the ; last time, and that a jew bricks and a harsh man shut out from her eyes the son whom her heart ?greedily 'covets.'' . ?'? V'-.::~ [ZP'' ' Dear, dear fellow !' ' If I were your son, Dick, or if Ned or John were your children, wouldn't you like to see us ?' ?-, -,M Yes, Fid, I could ^hardly ^ die ^aappy ^ if -;I:-Iid not see you.' The words, passed (my lips mechanically; in a moment 'il repented them; ?( ? ' Ah, there it isi' he sobbed, ancf the tears gathered afresh to his eyes. There it isi 0 Dick; Dick, God help my mother, God comfort her,'' Again his head fell upon my. bosom, and bis arms clung around my neck. There was amoment's silence, broken only by poor Fid's . sobs. I said we should ; try to be happy ; that we should remember it was Christ mas eve, and that good times were in store for us. ' Fid, shall Ned sing for us ?' ; As you and Ned wish ; Dick-^-please do.'' j ' ?' Very fell, dear. Ned, will you sing for Fid and me?' Ned, whe was not an unaffected witness of Fid's sorrows, instantly said' he would with great pleasure ; his throat was very husky, he remarked but that would make no difference, as we were all friends, and no critics; For once, be was sure, Fid would not be critical. At this I strove: to laugh ; and Fid put his thin hand into Ned's, and squeezed it with all the warmth of his genial nature. Then Ned drew in his' feet and coughed twice, and began to sing the first stanza of ' The BardV Legacy.' ' 'Who's making that confounded racket ?' asked a voice from the top of the kitchen stairs. None of us had the courage to make an answer, but we gathered closer together, and whispered that it was Mr. Millet. In a minute Mr. Millet came down; he caught Ned, arid pressed his knuckles under the boy's ear, until he screamed from exquisite agony. 'I'll teacb the whole of you a little manners,' he said. 'You beggarly curs, do you want to turn my house into a ballad- singer's— do you?' 'We thought it was no barm, sir,' said Ned, in a very feeble, terrified voice. 'If well-off people sings,' said Mr. Millet, still holding Ned's hair, 'and if beggarly, pampered whelps as you are, sings too, I'd like te know where's the difference. And such a solemn night, too, when you should be down on your knees, thanking God that you have warm beds and bread and milk for breakfast.' ' And meat upon Sunday,' said Mrs. Millet, who had reeled down stairs and joined her busband. 'Prime beef that cost twopence 'apenny per pound, with the bone and suet' ' ' Too good for them,' observed Mr. Millet. ' Meat only gives people airs and pretensions. Let it be haddock for the future, dear, and herrings when that can't be had.' 'Haddock a*nd herrings it will be,';said the lady. ' Precious fine, indeed, a-singing obscene songs instead of being praying for your master and mistress.' 'I said so before,' observed Mr. Millet; 'but a good thing can't be said to often. Had they their suppers, Mrs. Baker ?' 'No, sir,' said the housekeeper, with an attempt at bowing. ' Then tbey deserves none,' replied Mr. Millet. ' Let them do without it, Mrs. Baker, It will teach them manners. Ttiat's the way showmen tames their bears.' Mrs. Baker who seldom saw a showman, and never a bear, endorsed this assertion with an emphatic affirmative,and we were ordered to bed. Upstairs in the Christmas darkness— up the long flights, guided by the dusty handrails — past the old clock, and the rotten hat-stand, and the slimy umbrella rack, we fled to the garret. The bells had long ceased, andwe heard nothing ex cept the voices of stragglers in the streets. far below, and tbe storm as it clattered across the slates. Creeping into bed, silently and miserable, God's universal comforter, sleep, visited our eyes, and we slept. It must have been past two o'clock, when a cnll hand grasping my arm like clasp of ice, caused me to start up nervously in bed. I stared about the room, a cowardly sense of fear beating down all emotions of curiosity, and filling me with indescribable terrors. Down through tht . foggy skylight a shaft of moonlight found its way ^afid spread like a pool of ligbton the wormeaten .floor.' The door was open, and I could discern through tfi'e top - of the lobby window the chimneys ?outsi'de,'; the bright 'ridges of the'roof, and tbe : outline of 'a poplar in a neighbouring yard. For ^tfew; minuti's I did not observe Fid, who stootV close to .'the b'sd ^- side, trembling from intense agi-' tatjon and cold. ' . j ;! -! -' v 7 'Fid dear fellow, what ; is it ?' : i - ' JrDick,;(), Dick, listen,' ° ' ;. \ ? l^bent my' head and did'as/he 'desired, but beard nothing. ? ' ' -??- i'V ' '. '?; ? , « ,Wba't is the : matter? \Wbat has frightened ,you?'l asked. ' Fid, you, are. very nervous. Fixinir bis eyes on tbe door, be sat on the edge of: the. bed and placed bis arm under my bea'i '. My mother,. Dick, has been here. I was lyinii wide, awake wben she knocked- at the door; 1 knew her knock —three little taps— quick ta'ps In a moment I was out of bed and opened the door, but no one was there. I groped.all round tbe lobby and down the flight — no one. Gieatfy * terrified, Dick, I came, and when I just closed the door the knock came again ; and again, Dick, when I caught your arm.' ' The wind— the rats,' I suggested. - ' No, no,' he said calmly, ' it was my mother she is dead ; X; know it.' ,' .i , ,:. I endeavoured to calin him ; and, although my own imagination was uncomfortably stimulated by what! had heard, I tried to convince rhim that be was the victim of a very common delusion of tbe senses. [?- ';''. [??'?? He shook Jhis head mournfullyl 'Dick,' he said, ' I don't know why it is, but I can't cry. I suppose I cried all my tears under the counter yesterday, and whilst I was awake in bed. I caiyiot cry again,- though , my eyes are burning and my bead is so hot. But I know, God pity her, sheisdead, she is dead— dead.' ; / ;.,«? ' Nonsense, you dear old fellow. She shall recover, and we shall all be so happy years hence, laughing over your ghost stories, you little fool.' ' In heaven, I hope,' said Fid. . ?? And on earth,, too, please God,' I replied. 'Noton earth, Dick— no, not on earth. She will . not blame me, for what could I do ? I he——.' : ???? ?? -.:.: , ? ... ?.:?..?; ' ,.;? An abrupt single knock at the hall door made us leap. The knock was repeated thrice; we heard Mr. Millet's window raised ; heard him speaking to somebody in tbe street; heard his door open and voice crying ' Ned ! ' ?? 'Yes. sir,' said Ned, waking up at the sound of that terrible voice. 'Tell that boy,' said Mr. Millet, 'that his mother's dead, and behanged te her. What an hour of night for people to die when everyone ought to be in their beds.' . A faint cry from Fid, and be fell heavily on the floor. I raised him up and laid him on my bed, (To be continued,) ??? 