THE INDEPENDENT FARMER. —English Paper. —Spectator. Let sailors sing of the windy dee p, Let soldiers praise their armour, But in my heart this toast I'll keep— The Independent Farmer. When first the rose in robe of green -Unfolds its crimson lining, ", ■ And’round his oottagoporch is seen ’ ■ ': The honeysuckle twining; When banka of bloom their sweetness yield, To bees'that gather honey, ’ ' ■ -He drives his teatp aoross'lho field' • '■ Where skies are'soft and balmy; '/ ( The blackbird clucks •behind the ploughf, \- The quail'pipes'loud and clearly, • '■ Yon-oreliard hides behind its bough * The home lie loves so dearly; • The grey old barn, whose doors unfold His ample stoj e in measure, More rich than heaps of hoarded gold, A precious, blessed treasure ; But yonder in the porch there stands His wife, the lovely charmer, The sweetest rose on all his lands— ■ The Independent Farmer. To him the Spring comes dancingly, To him tho Summer blushes, The Autumn smiles with mellow rayj . Hesleepr, old Winter hushes. He cares not how the world may move, No doubts nor fears confound him ; His little flocks are linked in love, And household angels round him; He trusts in God and loves his wife, Nor griefs nor ills may harm her; He’s nature’s nobleman in life— Tho Independent Farmer. One ox> the most curious phenomena of the times is the passion for ghost stories. Although no department of fiction is more monotonous or devoid of originality than the supernatural, there is none more eagerly sought after at the present moment. Ini on ago pre'eminoutly distinguished for its progress in the exact sciences, we find the most childish credulity flourishing beneath the shadow of a sensuous and upreaggnlng material* ism.' —John Joseph Briggs. —T. G.— Field. Age gv Geese,—“ A Subscriber” wishes to know to what age a goose will live. The reply of the market-woman to the lady who com plained that she last week had sold her a bad goose, was, »Why, ma’am, I’m sure it was a good one, for he hod been cob of Langley Com mon for twenty years.” But this age is incon siderable in comparison with the ago ol a goose in possession of Mr Everett, of Kirkby Lodge, near Rockingham, a few years ago. It was more than nineiy years old, having been upon his farm fifty yours, and the remaining portion noon an adjoining farm. “ A Subscriber wishes to know the greatest ago which geeso occasionally reach, and their average ago. I should think the average is about nine or ton months! but the greatest age would perhaps be very difficult to learn. I will, however, relate what has been told me on this subject, which may perhaps interest “ A Subscriber.” A late clergyman of Benthani (which is a village a short distance from Lan caster) took a goose with him when he went to undertake the clxargc of the parish. He lived there sixty years, during which time this goose hatched him a flock of goslings annually, and was eventually sold at the sale of his effects after his death. How old it was when he took it to Bentham, or how long it lived, after it changed owners, my informant could not tell. A Huge Pig. —l have this day seen an im mense pig, which two men are taking about the country in a cart, and admit people for the sum of 2d, children Id. I send yon the dimen sions of it, as given to me by the man (I had not time to measure it myself): —The height, 3 ft. 11 in. (taken from the middle of the back) ; length, 8 ft, Without the tail, the tail being 16 in.'; measuring round the body, 9 ft.;, age, two years and a fortnight; weight on the card (written) 12 cwt 1 qr. Bred by Mr Peckham, Milford, Hampshire- This is one of a litter of fourteen, and a barrow big.— Badger. — Field. 