BORNEO ; OR LIFE IN THE FORESTS OF THE FAR EAST.* (From the Times.) NORTHERN BORNEO may be roughly described as a species of triangle based on a square whixh is represented by the southern and larger part of the Great Island. Of this triangular territory Sarawak and the kingdom of Borneo Proper occupy the western side or shore, the latter in- cluding the northernmost part and islands in con- tinuation ; the Britis; island of Labuan fronting the capital town of Borneo being one of these. The whole country is of extraordinary fertility, (indeed, Sir James Brooke claims the title for it of the most fertile in the world), and while it bears some of the richest fruits and most gorgeous flowers conceivable, it is also well adapted in . Life in the Forests of the Far East. By Bpencer St. John, formerly Her Majesty's Consul-General in the Island of Borneo and now Her Majesty's Charge dAffaires to the Republic of Hayti. 9 vols, Smith, Rider, and Co., 1862 many parts for the growth of cotton, of which tillthe cheapness of imported English yarn deterred them, the natives used to make cloth of remarkably, durable texture. Though some- what deficient in harbours it iswatered by mag. nificent rivers and its capabilites are unlimited exceptby the wildness and anarchical condition of its people. It is notorious that they are addicted to piracy and the amusement of head-hunting, which latter interesting excitement they - pursue partly from a passion for teo chase, and partly as a con- cession to the social prejudices of Bornean society. They are fearfully tyrranised over by their rulers" for the Government of Borneo, if Government it can be called, is one of the worst in the world, and afforded little scope for cultivation or commerce until the advent ot Sir James Brooke. But his preence, as is well known, has begun to change the aspect of affairs in Sarawak, and nothing is more striking than the proofs afforded in this very book of the confidenceand affection with which this extraordinary man has inspired the natives within his own territory and the hopes he has spread everywhere, even among distant tribes. We read, for example, of a chief making a fort- night's journeytlo Sarawak to see for himself whether it could be true that Dyaks were living in peace and comfort, while we know from other sources the heavy blows which he has dealt to piracy, the chief curse of these fertile regions. In short, if Mr. Bright and his coadjutors were' anxious for a true opportunity of applauding the beneficial exercise of rightful force they would find it here in preference to the banks of the Chickahominy and tho valley of the Mississippi. Their perversity or indifference will not, however induce any one who may read this book in a candid spirit to doubt for a moment the policy or the duty of extirpating such enemies of humanity, for extirpated they must and will be, many old pirates among the Dyaks (taught the trade by the Malays), admitting already that the steamers have greatly spoilt their profession and proclaiming their resolve to sell their guns and take in future to commerce or agriculture. In fact, Manchester itself will some day bless the efforts which this book records for the suppression of a savage scandal in the interest of our peaceful and pro- fitable intercourse with a region so fertile and a race of future consumers so neglected and op- pressed. Among the Kanowik Dyaks, and, indeed, every where else, Mr. St. John heard of a race of men of whom it would be a fortune to bring one to this country while the controversy is rife as to the origin of the human race. It was no less then the old rumour of a race of men with tails, who were always said to be a few days journey further off. The most circumstanial account Mr. S. John obtained was from a man who had traded much on the north- east of Borneo, and who said he had seen and felt the tails : they were four inches long and very stiff, so that all the people sat on seats in which there was a hole made for this remarkable appendage to pass through." Could a specimen of those cau dati be procured by some Du Chaillu, what a con- troversy we should have among our Darwins, Haxleys, and Owens, and how quickly the go- rilla would descend in the scale of creation! The Dyaks are a sociable and affectionate race, and their very weakness for head-hunting is in one of its phases an amiable one, since a bereaved' Dyak is quite in consolable till he has comforted himself with an enemy's head. It is true he can- not, or could not, under the old regime, leave off his mourning till successful in procuring one. Not, however, that the head must necessarily be that of an enemy. " An atrocious case happened many years ago up the_ Ba- tang Lupar, where a young man started on an expedition by himself to seek for a head from a neighbouring tribe. In a few days he came back with the desired priie. His rela- tives question ed him asto how it was he had been away so few days, as they had never been able to do thesame journey in double the time. He replied gravely that the spirits of the woods had assisted him. " About a month afterwards a headless trunk was dis- covered near one of their farms, and on enquiry beings made it was found to be the body of an old woman of their own tribe, not very distantly related to the young fellow himself. He was only fined by the chief of the tribe, and the head taken from him and buried. ' This lazy headhunter lost his head on this occasion, but it appears from many other instances given that a chance windfall often does duty. In some tribes the first met person is the victim someofthese Dyaks put their head-hunting propensities on a low ground, as if they were indulged in for the sake of mere amusement. *' The white men," they say read books ; we hunt for heads instead." It is especially to be observed that in all Mr. St. John's remarks on head-hunting he desires it to be understood that he is speaking in the past tense, as all those portions of these tribes which have been brought under English influence are rapidly losing those customs ; and could any profitable agricultural industry be introduced among them, they would soon, he says, expend their energies in money-making. We are taken among the land Dyaks of the left branch of the Sarawak River, whom the author visited in company with the Rajah Muda, Captain Brooke, Sir James's nephew. Here he heard the story of the massacre of the crew of an English sugar ship some 30 years previously. Also at a spot where a Dyak suspension bridge spanned the river above a dangerous rapid, Kasim, a favourite follower, turned to the English traveller and said,... . " It was here Datu Tumanggong nearly lost his life." The story is, as the author says, a good il- lustration of Bornean life : - The Datu Tumanggong is the chief third in rank in Sarawak, and was in his early days known as a successful pirate. He was also the terror of the Dyaks. . Many years before Sir James Brooke arrived he had. for some cause killed a Dyak of teo tribe of Si-Bangoh, in thoso days not considered a deed requiring particular notice ¡ hut on this occasion tho tribe determined to bo revenged. The nert timo the Bala was known to be on his way up tbs rivor the DyakB assembled in great numbers round tho suspension bridtje, concealing themselves among tho troes. Unsus- picious of tho ambuscade, tho chief, with 20 Malay followon, waa endeavouring to polo up the rapid, when a shower ot spears throw them into confusion. The Datu was principally aimed at ;' hie umbrella was torn to Bhreds, and he was wounded severely about' tho shoulders. The mon, dropping their poles,' allowed the boat to got across tho stream, and she was instantly upset ; while they, unable te soe their enemies, ooattered themselves in oyorj direotion, and Liding among tho rooks shouted to their chief to fire. They say he Btood his ground manfully, and fired twice without euocess at his fees, who, thus embold- ened, drew nearer. The water was rushing down with groat force and roaohed over bis knees, whioh rendered the opera- tion of loadiag extremely diffioult, but his third shot mut fortunate, for, bringing down the boldest Dyak, it created s panioamong tho rest: On collecting his followers, hefonna two killed and several wounded, among the latter onei ot onr present boatmon. I have often hoard the Datu tell ina Btory since with groat (dee, his voice rising, and gowg. through nil lits romemborod movements with wonuenw spirit,-' Ah ! I waa young in thoso days. ' " Theso " light suspension bridges, ono of tho innumerablo usos of bamboo, are singularly in- genious and pretty-looking, judging from the description, and an excellent plato. At the village of Grung, whoso inhabitants excel all o'her iriDos visited by tho author in dirt, in asojndtng tue notched tree which served as a ladder to tho nonse of tho Orangkoya (tho village chief ) tho author was seized by a crowd of old women, who puueu off his shoes and stockings, and began vigorously, washing his feet, tho water being preserved w fertilise thefields. Such waalimma even of in80'T"8 objects appear to be plentifully used in Dyan; ' *' -cantfltîons,' vanny . forms of - which - the - anti . :.. "describes nt much length, ; The . most curions ¡???/i" these' is the' Bezobat Pinya, employed to r.opjt away sickness, in which the pries': catches;t escaping soul of the sick mau und restores it him through on imaginary hole in his heari. The author describes at some length the int rest taken by the natives in Madame Pfeiffi .whom he accompanied on a visit to the Siranib Dyaks in December, 1851. Sir James Brookt country house at Peningau, on the Mil of rirai bau,is described as a charming residence, and it evident from the plate that it commanda a gio ? ouspanorama, lhere are thr.ee villages in tr hill, boasting respectively 33, 32, and 21 head but all very old-looking, none having boon addi Bince the Rajah's accession ; though the authc we are sorry to say, has little doubt they ha^ still a longing for fresh acquisitions. Mita, tl Orang-kaya of Sirambau, had become unpopuli with the tribe, through forcing them to make lui three farms, which was considered a stretch of li prerogative claim to their services. It struck hin thereupon, that a fresh head would make all loo Up to him with respect, if not affection. On day, accordingly, he accosted the author to ask very great favour, permission from tho Rajah fe a foray into the neighbourhood. All the eldon < the. tribe were present and much interested in hi .reception, assuring the author the crops had bee bad for years because the spiritB were angry a the disuse of the ancient rites. Bis answer, how ever, was so disaoureging that they did not ven tore lo mention the subject to the Rajah, and Mit ' waa afterwards removed from his office to th great satisfaction of tho tribe. On descending from the mountain, nnd com ¡nj again to (heir old friends, the Bagus, tin travellers mnrle acquaintance with the Datu o Tamparuli, an old gentleman, who possesses tw< of those sacred jars so coveted in Borneo that tliej are valued at enormous prices. The Datu gav« £700 for one of 1rs; and even this is not ai valuable as another which he possesses, and oui of which he retails an infusion of horbs to people who may be suffering from sickness. In fact tbeso jars are said to have magical properties, ant are regarded as sacred. One which the Sultan o; Brunei possesses is reputed to speak or ntter sounds like an iE ol ¡an harp, as Mr. St. John conjee! ure8, from the wind blowing over its moutli under certain conditions of temperature. The Sultan was offered £2000 for his, but wonld nol part with it at any price ; and some of these vases are said to be so prized by our friends thc Japanese that they have decreed the punishment of death against any one who fells thom to any person but the Government. Car'etti says -thai some of them are valued ot £30,000, so that al the glories of our Soane collection, Sevres, Chel sea, or Henri Deux, are (brown into the shade bj this pottery of Po'ynesia. Thia Datu had an only daughter, who cvidentlj made a stronger impression on the narrator that even the mogical jars. " Sho was," sayB Mr, St John, " Tho lovelle't girl in Borneo. I have never seen a notlvi surpass ber in figure, or equal her gentle, expressive counte nance Sbe appeared but 16 years of ago, and as shi stood near, leaning against the doorpost in the most grace fal attitude, wo bad a perfoot view of all her perfections Her dress WAS slight indeed, cons! tine; of nothing but i short petticoat reaching from her waist to a little nbovo hoi knees. Her skin^ was of that light clear brown which it almost the perfection of colour m a sunny elimo ; and, ai ste was just ro.'uralog from bathing, her hair, unbound, fol in great luxuriance over her Bhouldorp. Her eyes were clack, not flashing, bnt rathor contemplative, and hoi features were regular,-even her note was straight. "Bo intent was she in watching; our mo vetnonts, and wondering at our novel mode of eating with spoons and knives and forks, that oho unconsciously remained in her graceful attitude for iomo timo t but, suddenly recollecting that she was not appearing- to tho bast advantage in her light costume, sbe moved away slowly to her room, and presently came ' forth dressed in a Bilk jaoket and new pettiooat, with bead neokloces and gold ornaments, lu our eyes she did not look'so interesting as before." Similar evidences of a growing respect for the convenances since thé former expedition of Mr. Low were observed by tho travellers among the Kians. Their loin cloths had gone out, and trou- sers had come in, and the population were getting addicted to cleanliness, and showed a pleasant in- clination for " chaff. " 'Perhaps a still more interesting journey was that of the author up' the great river Limbang, in search ' of the mysterious mountain of Molu. The first wonder he onme upon was tho disappearance of the river Trunan beneath an arched eavorn. Then he found trees growing without soil scattered over tho surface of a honeycombed limestone rock, the roots penetrating to aa immense distance below, so that this fine vegetation apparently drew its sus'enanco from the air. On this journey Mr. St. John was accompanied by a remarkable Bornean, by name Japer, whose antecedents and travellers' tales are ono of the most characteristic things, in these volumes. "He abounded with accounts of Mola, having been at its base several times, though he had never attempted to ascend it. But he told us stories of the dwarfs who inhabited the caves, of big eggs which ten men could not lift ; but what particularly fixed tbe attention of hts native audience was the account of a sight witnessed by a Tutong man. He said that one day he was seeking edible nests in holes round tho base of the mountain, when, being tired, he fell asleep in a cleft in the side of a large cavern. He was awoke by lights flashing in his eyes, and peering from his hiding-place, saw a long procession of supernatural beings pass slowly by him, each carrying a torch, and there was one to whom they all paid respect He was too frightened to remember the particulars, but he thinks they were dressed in flowing robes. " Some of my men were in hopes tlieso fearful storioi . would have deterred me from my design to expío o tho mountain ; but, on my offering a reward to any ono who would take me to tho cave where these wonderful sights were seen, they saw ghosts did not daunt white men." ~" Japer was then an old man, and ho had seen Lord Minto at Penang in 1811. Moreover he was a convert, and could laugh at the follies of his countrymen, though as respects head-hunting Mr. ' St. John suspects that his conversion was not altogether satisfactory. Japer's explanation of the penchant for decapitation is as follows : " He denies that head hunting is a religious ceremony ' among them; it is merely to show their bravery and manli ness.that it may be said So and So had obtained heads. When they quarrel, it is a constant phrase, ' How many heads did your father or grandfather get ? If less than his own number, 'Well,then, yon have no occasion to be proud !' The possession of heads gives them great consideration as warriors and men of wealth, the skulls being prised as the most valuable of goods. « Alas ! when I was a Kapir (infidel) I took more than 40 heads-hypocritical sorrow, but real pride, in his tone.". A good deal more was got, out of Japer in tho way of information, and among it one story so illustrative of Bornean life that we give it with- out abridgment from Mr. St. John's narrative : *' ' I will tell you what has happened to me since l here. . entered £1 Islam. Two of my grand-children died of sick- ness. How was I to lose the soreness of heart occasioned by this event f I determined to go head-hunting. -1 sent 100 of my tribo up the Rejang, and started myself with 70 to Bintulu. There the Orang Kaya Pamancha Came to me and said,' Ton are going to kill some of my people.', Kori am no V.I answered. 'Well,' he said, f there is a. tribe of Punans living near Bukit Lambir, who owe me for goods whicn they have had for some time. They sell' their camphor and their wax"to others, not to me. Go and attack them; there are only 3O males. But don't forget me when you divide the women and children.' .. ..; _i 3 - Éent T brother, who is a brave man, and ho storied in a small canoe, with three men. After a long . ««J»1 lie arrived in their neighbourhood, and heard them ' i . tauting in tho woods. . Ho therefore hid his canoe,;and that night walked np close to their village. He then stripped and left his sword and everything near a» old apd,' fastening a siring to. tbs. stump, orswled towards the bool like » pig OD all four«, but gradually letting ont tba ahrio t-ehind. Efm ; thia was to be bis gnlde in - returning to bi olotlioi. : He found that the boase voa large. He tbe crawled baok to the plaie whence fae started. Not satitfie with this inspection, he determined to remain there an have a look at the place during the day. At dawn he eon cealed himself ia a hollow tree, and waited there till all th Punans had gone out hunting ; ho then boldly went nea the house and counted the number of doors-' families,' which he found to be 40. Thereupon he-retnrned to hi companions, and they all together pulled off to Bintulu. " ' On meeting, I asked what was the news. As thia wa in pnblio, my younger brother answered, ' Antah,' (notkinj particular) ; but presently, tailing ma on one side, bc toll me all that he hod sees. That Tory night I started off wit my whole party. When we roaoked the entrance of th Lambir River a great alligator raso to the surface, and kop np with oar boats the whole way. Tiiis was a good omen and I addressed the anim il thus * Ob, grandfather, giv. us goad fortune, and wo will provide you with a feast.' Wi were all in tho highest spirits, when the omen-bird HOT from tho right bond to the loft, crying, ' Trik, trik ; . an« immediately another flew from the left to the right, sound ing ' Trik, trik. This double crossing was a Tory bad omen and portended a fight and mit-h contention ; so I said tc my foll iwers, « Let us return to our boats for three days this omen is very bad ' But they laughed at me, and said ' You oro becoming afraid.' ' Very well,' I nnswered, ' le us go on ; I shall not be the only one to die.' " ' Upon this we approached the house, and at break o day commenced hurling our siligis (wooden javelins) throng! the bark walla. Upon this the Tunnos answered tvitl a flight of sumpits (poisoned arrows), one of whioh straot rae on tho hand. I dragged it out with my teeth, of wtaiol I had then a few left, and bound up the wound. Thc chara I possessed prevented its having any bad effect. When my relations saw that I was wounded they said, ' Oh, father, you had better retire.' But I answered, ' No, I did not seek tbe fight to-day ; I shall not retire.' I tried to dis- charge a new gun 1 had bought, hut tho instrument (may it and ne who sold it me be accursed .') would not go oft'. " ' The Punan» loaring that we would use fire, began now to come down from their house to fight on the ground. They wore 35 ; we were 70 ; but the sun had descended as low as that in tho heavens'-pointing, as he said those words, to tho sky (4 p.m.)-' ere the fight was over. We killed them all ; they fought like brave men ; not one tried to ran away. Wo then went up to the house and seized the wo- men and children. We captured 55. When we caught a woman, it was like catching a hen ; all her children flocked to her like chickens. When we caught a child, the mother ran to it directly. That night we made merry in the house, and next day started off to liintulu. Some of the captives cried, others mode no sign. My share came to two, whom I sold to a Brunei man for a pikul of guns each (3O Spanish dollars.) On that oceasio i ten of our party were killed, and nearly every man wounded, which was all caused by neglecting the warning the omen-birds gave ; hut our young men were too eager. We got 85 heads. Had they followed my advice, we shoald have fallen upon them when unprepared, but I waa Bot listened to.' .. Suoli is the story I have before heard, and Japer has now again repeated tome in all its detail. I have written it down almost word for word, omitting, however, bis two single combats in whioh his opponents tell. He is a well known warrior among thom. The Punans had never done them the slightest injury ; but, for the sake of easing his sore heart, a tribe is massacred. The Orang Kaya, who gave the information, got a slave for his trouble. What country can prosper where such scenes ore constantly occurringî?" A chapter on Sarawak places in a strong ligh the beneficial influence of tho present rule, "it was not to be expected," says Mr. fc't. John of Sir James Brooke " That his teaohing and inti uenceshould suddenly change these men, accustomed to almost uncontrolled sway,into Jost and beneficent rulers, and he failed ia moulding the Data Patinggi, the principal ohio*'. As long as Sir James Brooke was himself present in Sarawak, he could keep him tolerably straight, but no amount of liberality oou'd prevent him oppressing the Daynks on every possible cscaBion. His rapacity increasing, he took bribes in his administration of Justico, nud it was at lust found necessary to remove him." " A generation is springing up, with new ideas and more enlarged views, who appear to appreoiate.the working of their prosent govornmont, and have a pride ia being con- nected with it." \- 11 By associating these men in the administration, and thus educating them in political life, and by setting tbe examplo of a great equa'ity in social intercourse, Sir James Brook laid the foundation of a government whioh stood a shook, that many of his best friends expaoted would prove fatal. 1 mean the Chinese insurrection. None of tho firedioted results have followed. 'Prado and revenue havq both aotually inoreased, aHd a much better system of management has been introduced." The Chinese insurrection of 1657 is concisely and graphically narrated, lt was an extraordi- nary exploit of a gold company, or Kunai, in com- munication with the great Tien-ti Secret Society, by which the immigrant Celes:ial gold- washers, some 4000, amid a hostile population, surprised and seized tho capital, and for a moment mas .ered the Government, losing tneir advantage again instantly when it came to a real trial of strength, lt was, ns the author remarks, perfectly Chinese all through. About 2000 esoapod to tho Dutch territory ; from which, by the way, no Chinaman is allowed to depart without paying a fine amounting to £0, BO highly is his industry valued in Sambas and Pontianak. It would be impussible iii the space we can afford to this work to bring out all,,, its interesting or nmu iug faots and statements. ' But there is ono which even at this point we must not omit for its attractiveness to tho many dowagers who put delicate questions to Du Chaillu respecting the tender susceptibilities of the gorilla. ".Some of the men, Who wandered further than the otheis in soaroh of wild fruits, reported seeing some very ' large monkeys, which they said might bs orang-utans, and while speaking of them 1 was reminded of the various stories told of people hoing carried off by them. I havo referred to this snbject in my account of my Journeys among the Sea Dayaks, bat although many stories are related of the male orang-utan carrying off young Dayak maidens into the Jungle, yet it is seldom that we hear of tho. foro alo orang- utan maning off with a man. But the Muruts of Padoa tell the following narrative, which, they say, may be believed : Some years ago one of their young men was wandering in the jungle, armed with a sumnitan, or blowpipe, and a sword. He came to the banka of a pebbly stream, and, being a hot day, ho thought he would have a bathe. He placed his erms nndJclotlieB ot the foot of a tree, 'and then went into the water. Alter a time, being snftioiently refreshed, he was returning to dress, when ko perceived an enormous female orang-utan standing between him and the tree. She advanced . towards him.os he stood paralysed by surprise, and seizing him by the arm, compelled him to follow her to a branching tree and climb up it. When ho rea'bed her restingplace, consisting of boughs and branohes woven into a comfortablo nest, she made him entor. There, he re- mained some months jealously, watohed by his strange com- panion, fed by her ? on fruits and the cabbage of the palm, and rarely pormitied to touok the earth with his feet,, but compelled to move from tree to tree. This life continued sometime, till tho female orang-utan, becoming less watch- ful, permitted the Murat more liberty. He availed himself of it to slip down tho trunk of the tree, and ronj to the place where he had formorly left his weapons., J5be, teeing his attempted escape, followed, tobo pierced,as sha ap- proached him, by a poisoned arrow. I was told, if I would ascend tho Podas riveras far as the man's villnge, I might hoar the story from hia own lips, as fae was still alive. Of course, we do not credit all the, assertions of our Bore can friends, but wo have no' doubt that Mr. Kt. John faithfully records what-he himself heard from them.7 For all., ¡that he says ho .saw wo eon entirely trust his narrative. He had un- usual opportunities of acquainting himself with the habits and vie WB of singular people, and of survey- ing tho wonders of a comparatively unknown landJ He used, these opportunities woll,,and though his book is desultory in form it ÍBnot only interesting but exceedingly . instructive. It may provo of unquestionable use in riveting our attention on the resources and prospects of this fertile region, and, in the meantime, it will be found to lio more amusing than most of the novels of tho present season.. , "j Mcrmrotjsrji.-AtAnKrao ILLNESS XHKOTJSH xps BITS OF AN INSECT.-On Wednesdoy, the; 90th November, (Bays.tho NexeeattU Chronicle); itt. Bidney, of the Mut. , ruiundi Hotel, was, bitten on the upper lip by ah insect, I supposed to bea black Bpider.'. At the time, it of need no nala ; in an hour the face became fearfully swollen, os well as tba bead,' with excruciating pain and delirium. I Dr. Gordon lies been in oonstant attendance upon tho snuerer'fijr' tbioo doys, and Mr, Sidney ia now conyoleB |oonti :' ?'., - . ' - ".' " .. . * ! .''.?'.* J '?> 