WHY TALK ABOUT DIVIDING' SQUATTERS' RUNS ? ; i . Is it because ten millions of acres is not n sufficient addition to the land nlrondy devoted to the purposes of agriculture - in this country ? Is it because the squatters are individually getting too rich, nnd that, somo of the larger and more wealthy of them ought now to give place to others, not of the. squat ting class, who would contribute more' liberally to the burdens of tlio State.? : Is it because agriculture, 1 which, like many other things, does not now yield more than fair returns on wages of labour and capital invested, . would pay better if sheep-farming land cattle-rearing were added toTtTn 1 it because thero must be somi> ,7 ' whereon to hang obstruction n nw .1 j all else that the more reasonable of tu ' ultra- liberal party ever dem'andprl i ! S? rede,d ? ?tlfei' 1U8stions sir t: gest themselves, but we refrain t nutting them, lest we should thereby? 1 led into a strain of remark, which ;; - Ifthose who raise this cry about „ division of tbo squatters' runs think, ii; ten millions of acres to be set apart? ngricuhural purposes DuFFY's bill an insufficient addi inJ' to the four millions of acres alreS f in the hands of purchasers, what f more would they have? The »! ' of tu. ,iV million, yjWo say some of the least reasonable p..p ' I selection, these personsadd, is vUtZ'J want, and free grass all over tho colon? i But this, as a cry, has completely died out Much as wo heard of it twelve Z I eighteen months ago, there is no on? i now in tlio House that would makJ such a solemn ass of himself ast0 think of raising it. No one above the level of a Nixon, a Foote, or a Bamsay in intelligence, or in common p0litL honesty, would think any move now of a man's crying forfree-seleotion, or free grass, than of a child's crying for tl" moon. Neither of these phrases ever had any very distinct signification attached to -if m the months of the many. But in the sensa in which Mr. Wilson Gray and, some few of his friends wished them to ; be taken, they meant respectively (ree ! confiscation, or free plunder. And in 1 :that sense, their use in the House has .been interdicted, as unparliamentary : Ilenee their infrequency in the debates So much so, indeed, is this the case' that if an hon. member now at anv time lets free selection, or free grass slip upon him, he is pointed out as strut ting abroad in Mr. Wilson Gray's cast off Illinois small clothes. More moderate men, however, object to this limitation of tho choice of land for agricultural purposes; to ton millions of acres, and think that a man should be allowed togowhere.be likes to layout his money on unsold" land, or to take up a farm for himself. And so do we. But why then impose, conditions of settlement ? Why say that a man shall buy so much land, and no more, or that he shall apply it to this purpose, and no other ? Why demand the suh- jectiqn of more land to this system of arbitrary legislation, than is 'likely to be required for the next generation at .least t Is the ten millions of acres thus to he taken out ot the squatters' runs such a poor paltry pittance, as that nothing less than a division of the whole will satisfy ? And if that were ! even done, how would agricultural set tlement thereby he promoted ? uur second question Had regard to the effect this proposed division of runs would have on the larger and more wealthy of tho squatters, and on the increased revenue, the State would derive from it. If the squatters do not pay enough for their runs, why not ask them for morel Why go this roundabout way of mak ing their runs smaller, in order to exact a higher rent ? If 8d per sheep, 3s per head on cattle, nnd Cs for every horse, in addition to tho L10 licence fee, is too little for the squatters to pay annually, why not make it Is per sheep, , 5s per head on cattle, and 10s for every horse, and double the licence fee ? But how would our squatters then compete with those in the neighbouring colo nies, who do not pay one-half, or even one-fourth of that amount ? Or who is there, not now of the squatting class, that could afford to con tribute more liberally to the sup port of the burdens of the State than those at present in possession of the pastoral lands ? Are we ever to he learning, and never to come to a know ledge1 of this simple truth, that capital despises legislative shackles, arid will force itself out ot unproductive into pro ductive channels, in spite of all the hindrances that may he thrown in its way.? . If squatting had been ns much more, and farming as much less pro fitable, as -is- now represented by that . class' of agriculturists, who wish to see ; the two united, is it to be believed that j those agriculturists would not long before this have found somo means for effecting such an union ? Nay more, if the runs ; were to he divided to morrow, and., were to pass with j their stock into the hands of a i number of ,-small squatters, is it to be supposed that the larger and more wealthy -squatters would not soon buyout thiq smnll race of squatters with their, stock at a much lower figure than, that at which they wero let in? Or' is the suggested division of tho squatters' runs to have this condition attached to it, that no man shall he allowed at any time to hold more than a certain number of acres, or nioro than a certain number of square miles? If so, we had better cap this absurd expe rimental legislation, by. declaring at once, that no man shall have more than a certain number of shops, more : than, a certain, number of rooms in his > house, or in iiis place of business, or more than a certain amount of money in his possession, or at his bankers. Next comes the quostion, however, as to the extent to which the fanners would he benefitted by such an arrange ment. Arid that, we may observe, is the main ground on which it has been I urged. .Not much, indeed, has .been j said on this subject,. outside the walls of Parliament, except in the district | of the lion, member for Ripon ami I Hampden, or on its immediate borders. Mr. Service stands in the position ot a man, who has raised a ghost, wbioU r he cannot lay, and who feels that ae j must now go whithersoever it beckons. That is' the secret of his notice, witli regard to a division of tho sqnntter= rifnsj " vvlien- that portion | of- Mr. Duffy's bill '"comes on for considera tion. Arid ' we will do him. trie | justirie 'of " believing, that he, na n no more ; -faith- in the fi0Un S tho proposition, than he seSS 'n his ability to carry it. But fj" no getting rid of pledges, ex- ted in the midst of electioneering 10 telities or even when freely given- conT1"l, o2ions. 1 he promise must ff kept to tho ear, if broken to the be kbp form of observing and re- Sting su=h pledges must be gone epeco n ,, notbjnn- comes of it. Mr. £Se roused his.constituents at the , iaktelv given him to a sense of inn«dvantnwes that would result from U ,.„1 nursuits— of neither of which S peverjudgin g most charit- ffi enn he be supposed to know much, and lie must now go through the \- we when the time comes round, if detaining the House on a qucs- in in which he is no more than he was on tho Orders nCouncil, which he so ludicrously in- '. i ,,nnti p.nfoi- cintr under the E oi-soN Administration or than Ewouhl he in a chapter of the Alco ran in Arabic. Still he must go i rough with it, nnd we sita e not a little curious to see how. Will he be able to show, that a half-taught farmer „; l tl0 nnv the better for being mado a half-taught squatter 1 Will he ho able te show, that by insisting upon a farmer's taking away one halt of his. capital from his present pursuit,, for which tliewholo is barely sufhcient, and Living that half to squatting, for which it is altogether insuflicient, he . ffill thereby bo benefitted? We have ever held ourselves that it wns not sound policy to nllow_ tlio snaatters to como into competition with the farmers in the supply of agricultural produce. And that, if we mistake not, is the principle by which wahave been guided in declaring, that the pastoral tenants of the Crown shall not grow move than is required for their own use. But is Mr. Service o-oinn- to change all that? Or is what he hits now in hand only to be a last : kick at the present attempt at a final and satisfactory adjustment of the land question? We only allude to this now thus cursorily. But we hope to have some opportunity of demonstrating that the proposed division of the squatters' runs is of all others the least : feasible, the least rational, and the least 1 defensible mode of seeking to obstruct the present attempt at a settlement of this great and already -too long delayed question. 