THIRD ANNIVERSARY OF TUB PRI Ml'ilVii METHODIST SOCIETY'. Anniveusaries aro peculiar ejoolis in our lives, looked forward to with anxiety, und cele brated with gladness; for, strange as t!ic asser tion may seem, tho older we get the better nli-naoil ven nutinnr to be. Portland uever bus this fooling been so fully cxempliuVd as during tho past week, especially with regard to the elitm-h whoso third nrinivorsary wo purpose now- briefly to record; and, judging1 by the deep interest displayed on the occasio.i referred to by all who were privileged to take part in, or twitnO'B the various* events that marked it, inunt have boon e«vinci^g that a cause thut wus at Cist beguoVuero uudcr most averse circumstances, 4ias uow, under God's blessing, guiued, thiough the zoal and con sistency of its members, tlio untiring' devotion aud ability of its pastor, and the peouliar adaptation of its mission to u ei louy like Now South Wales, oAlaco amoug the respected and recognised instit*ipwu|f. our town auddistriot. 9jjnn- ii«c a 7ftitfi-A n«ifl niistof.s hud more UkiUV'HI ?»»ifci *m ^??w»»«»« ^ J ? ? ? difficulties to contend against, and seldom bus energy, faith, and lovo accomplished so much in buoI) a short spaco of time as Primitive Methodfsm has in Newcastle ; aud, in tho words of holy writ, most reverently do we breathe the prayer, when wo reflect ujpn what has been accomplished through thoirvaJgM^ in the social and moral elevation of oursoctet:?, ' that tho Lord may remember them f(y^feood.fpr all they havo douo for this people.' . J *%' - Tlio anniversary sorvices were celebrated on tlio Suuday and Mouday of this week. On tho Sabbath sermons woro preached in tho ohapel— thut in the morning by the Kev. \V. J. Dean, the pastor of the churcu, who selootott as tno theme of bis discourse ' tho Church of God,' and pourtrayed in powerful and eloquent lan guago tho design and beauty of this spiritual structure ; in tho afternoon tho Rov. G. James, of Morpeth, from tho test ' Whom have I in Heaven but thoo ?' forcibly nnd nffeotionately dolinouted tlio only and chief object of the true Christian's nffeotion and desite, deducing many valuable and suggestivo applications from hia subject; and in tho ovening tho same gdKtlomun addressed a largo und attentive con giogatiou from the invitation ' Oh, tasto and soo that tho Lord is gracious'— a sermon which will bo long remembered by all who heard it, aud which, wo trust, will bear its fruit in duo reason. Collections wore mado after each ser vice, amounting in the wholo to between £0 and £7. 4 On the Monday evening, a largo ntimbor of ministers and friends met to partuko of tea together in tho Co-operativo Store. Of tho abundance and quality of tho good things pro vided wo need say nothing— our friends mo too well known us oatorcrs in this rospoot; and on this occasion they moro thnn ably sustuiuod tho rcputatiou they havo already acquired— at least, if wo nmy'judflo by tho colority and custo with which each delicacy disappeared. The1 laiHes who presided at tho various tables orac'i-fully nnd kindly discharged tho duties S««nl»Sni» otf them with tho greatest possible credit to themselves, and to tho grateful satis faction of their numerous guests. After grsoo hud bcou bung, and tho ton things removed, and singing and prnyor, Alderman J, Corlelto, J.P,, wus called upon to preside. Aldormnn Cohmjttb, in opening tbo pro ceedings of tho meeting, said he felt it an honour conferred upon him in being asked to preside on that oooasion. Ho presumed ono object of their present meeting1, wus to support and do all in thoir power to further and itrooct.hi'n tho church, whoso anniversary they uit-t That day to oulnbrule. What Mr. Dean, their pastor, hud undertaken, was a mission, thai was must importuu't; and his services in that mission were duly and highly appreciated by-all throughout this district ; and bis fidelity to his trust was not only important to his own church, but must be gratifying to the church universal. lie was not only approved of as a good man, but as a, loyal subject ; for though his travels bad extended far and wide, yet, as a patriot, he bad always returned with enthu siasm to bis natire land ; and these feelings of loyalty and pattiotisnv4£jLbad brought with him Jo this colony.; aud, lu\fdfcne, the cause he was connected with, wa's^fc^jSito the least, worthy of their consideration. Wit limit further trespassing on their time, he should cull upon the *revd. secretary to read tho report. The Revd. W. J. Deau then read the following re port : — Report of lite Primitive Methodist Church, New. castle, for the . Year ending Wth October, 18G2. In presenting their annual report to the Christian public, the Pus tor aud Oftice-bcurers of this Primi tive Methodist church in this city, desire to express their gratitude lo the God of nil grace fur liis mani fold mercies vouchsafed to them, and that pun of His heritage committed to their care, whereby they tliey huve been encouraged, comforted, uud blest, while doing the work thus assigned ihein. During die year improvements hive been made I in the church property by the painting of the out side walls to prevcM the penetration of (he rain ; lumps have also been placed in the pulpit, and additional news in the ctuircli. A new school hud also been built at a eust of ono hundred a ml fifty pomuU (£150), towards wliiuh .i! 100 had been con tribmo'l, leaving a debt of £')0, which the Building Committee hoped to pay oil1 at the expir-tion of the year, {lad it not been for Iho unsealed state of trude tho vvhoe of tlie expenses ilnu incurred would (lonbtlt-sri liuvc been met. The tota! amount con tributed during the your for various institutions of the church is JL'320 IUs. ?! I., nn account of which is given in Treasurer's rujiurt. When the Oilice bearers of the Church remember the unsettled stall) of trad j in this district during the past your, and the many changes arising therefrom, and then consider what )iaci been accomplished in this dcpiirtmeiit, they f«el they havo reason lo be gnit. ful for the liberality of their friends, mid also to 'thank God and take courage.' They also fe 1 thut they have great pleasure in staling that the congregation con times goo'l, nnd. the number of children ..ttending the Sabbath Schoui hhuw a considerable increase. During the lust year the names of. fifteen persons have been removed iron the roll b:jok, uud nineteen have been urideil, shewing an incrra-:c of four in church members. Total .lumber of members aro fifty-six, viz. : — Newcastle SI), Bnnvo 'd 17. Upon reviewing the labours of the past year they feu. lost iu wonder, love, and praise. Truly, God is good to Israel ! Hut while grateful for the measure of prospeiity enjoyed, they .till feel there is need of the baptism of the Holy (Jliost. It is a matter ol deep regrot lo ihein iluit the saving power of God is so seldom scuu in the Huuctiuiiy — that the same like efl'ueU do not attend the public onlinunccj of Christianity here ns bus bi'en witnessed by them in other places, They are still sensiljla there is « necessity amongst llie people of C«i-d f .r more of the spirit of fervent believing prayer ; more love to Christ and each other : inure if that burning zeal which was manifested by the Apostles of the lle deciner, and a firmer bond of union binding the var ous sections of the Christian church together. In conclusion, they would thank al their friends fur the I beral support rend-.-red during tlio past year, and respec fuliy solicit a continuance of the same, and pruy that every br.uich of Chi is 's Holy Cath olic Church may be blest with the favour und pru tpc'iin of (he Saiioiu, aud that God would speedily cuuse ' II in way lo bit known uinongdt thu heathen, und His saving he.'ihh umong all nations.' TREASURER'S REPORT. Newcastle Cjiuhcii Account, iscomi;. £ s. d. £ s. d. Balance from last year .. .. 7 1.1 o Collodions at Anniversary .. !?!? i) ~ Profits of Tea Meeting .. .. 10 19 10 Kent of Day Schoui .. .. 1 1 1+ 0 Seatlteiits ? 17 * 0 Collections for Lighting . . . . 5 4 & ? 07 ?!? 10 ISalanct duo to Treasurer . . 1!) 12 4 77 17 a BXPUXDITUnE. £ s, d. £ s. d.( Mortgage Interest ? 'li) 10 0 Insurance ? ? 10 0 Painting Walls mid Window .. H !) (i Lighting (Kerosene and Cnmlles) 4 II 11 Cleaning Church ? 2 ]()? 0 v Knntu Inl. fMmrnll . . . . '!? ti (I ' Glasses for Lamp ? 0 12 3 Sundries* ? O 11 0 77 17 2 CoNTiimuTioNS to Vamous Funds op the \ Ciiuacii. '. Fund for Suppor of Ministers:) ' Newcastle, .£78 14s: 4d. V 93 fl 5 Uurwood, £H Us. Id. J Fund for the Support of SabballA Schools: f 13, ,3 „ Newonstlo, £127 f Uurwood, £4 13s. ) Fumlfur Support of Churches: '- Newcastle, £71 4s/ Kid. J- 05 14 11 Burwood, £?U l's. Id. J 320 13 4 At the close of tho abovo, Mr. Dean ex plained with regard to Bomo items iu tho treasurer's account. It was a mistaken notion to iraagino that tho £93 9s. 5d., was the whole of tho ministerial stipend, it was not the wholo of the salary received^ jbut tlio deficiency was made up. by the Missionary Association at homo, but wuilo mentiouiti|- this ho must remind them that it was a fundamental prinoiplo in Metho dism, not only to inculeato economy but to prao tico it; at any rate, however, a greater spirit of liberality was boginning to provado thoir Execu tive Couucil at homo, moro liberal views were bo ginning to bo ontortainod with ^regard to what was required to mako a miuistor comfortable. Mr. Dean then traced in very foroiblo lan guage, tho riso and progress of Primitivo Mb Jiodism for tho last fifty-four yenrs. At tbut period the Society was but a tiny spark, now it wag a mighty llumo that soattorud not nlono light, but heut through overy part of tko Bri tish Empire. God h»d biassed their efforts — ' Tlio Lord of Hosts was with them, tho God of Jacob was thoir refuge.' l-'ifty-fuur years ago, thoir chureh members only amounted lo ton, wliioh oould all bo comfortably accommodated undor a largo- sized umbrolla, but now they numhored (acoordiog to tho latest returns) 141,185 j showing an increase over lust year of 5,701. Fifty-four years ago, thoy had only ono minister employed at ton shillings n woek, now thoir machinery had ihoroasod to 779 tra velling prcachors, showing an inoroaso of 17. Then thoir local preachers woro few and fur between, now thoy uumborod 12,-tl'i, showing an inorcuso iu ono year of 527., Lilcowiso a similar increase was soon in ovory.dopartmeut of' their Ghurcb, as for iostanco — Clsss leadors now numbered. .8,37'. Shewing a yearly 'iioruaao of 071 Conncctionnl Chnpcls . . .. 2,fiI0 ? 100. Other plnces of Worship ..3,542 ? 11)9. Suhtiath .School ? 2,il22 ? 143. Teuchmlndo ? 34.757 ? 2,010. Scholars ? 1W»,OS' ? S.OJW. Uenths ? H.S74 ? 13. Thoro wor ono item wliiob, though not al luded to in tlio report was wortny of notice, ho meant the Day SoUool iu eoiiucution witU tho Church, a school which was most ably coQ ducted under the direction of their good friend Mr. M'Phail, and whero the highest order of education was imparted, and tho deepest in terest evinced in advancing each pupil, not only in secular, but spiritual knowledge. Earnestly then in conclusion, would ho pray tbat they might continue to grow in grace, in unity of sentiment, and in the knowledge of their God ; they needed to practice patience, with prayer, and love, and when these were earnestly pur sued, there could be no doubt as to. the ulti« mate victory. May they all be enabled, under God's good providenoe to push their warfare against iniquity to the gate, and thus win many immortal souls to Christ. (Loud, and long applause). The Rev. Mr. Gainford next addressed t|ic meeting, and after saying* that bo had come there to speak to a child fifty-four years old, and expressing his pleasure at being associated with them on tbat occasion ; also reviewing in suitable and pertinent language some remini scences of his early life ; how tbat he laboured (or twelve years as a local preacher among the Wcsleyan body, and had the happiness, ho hoped, of effecting some littlo good, not be cause he was a Wcsleyan, but because ho had been forgiven by his Saviour. He wont on to slioiv that it was not belief in any peculiar sect of the Christian Church that could win souls; God was indebted to no tuch agency as that. They celebratedjthat evening there third nnuiversary ; tho tree they had planted was ofi'll Imnrinn fruit, nnrl nrAnimis rimn wrna still left to^jjjflparc us for etornity. All wo had ou earth wi^only valuable as it stood in relation to eternity. Thcira was a branch of the Christian church implanted here, and their teaching had, and should have, a reference to tho use of mind as regards its results to our selves in connection with eternity. After ex patiating at some length with great earnest ness and fervour on the necessity of prayer and faith, Mr. Gainford concluded by urging upon his audience tho necessity of honouring their Redeemer with their life and actions and tbu» bo a happy people — of embracing the plan of salvation as sot forth io tho Gospel of Jesus Christ, of haviug a faith iu his blood, and to bo enabled to lay hold of a preseut Saviour ; and ho.fearnestly prayed that they might be como a' healthful, prayer-wrestling, and bo lioving people. (Much Cheers.) The Rev. W. HiLti felt great pleasure in addressing them on that occasion, ho came with the intention of wishing his friend Mr. Dean and the church with which ho was connected ' God Spied.' After other congratula tory, and depreciation of his own oratorical remarks; and shewing how tho Primitive Methodist Church was, iu one respect, pecu liarly commcudable, namely, ' that it minded its own business;' aud also, that if not identi cal, thatWesleyauism and PrimitiveMothodistn had at,least great sympathy with each other. Mr. Hill then, at fiomo length, pointed out aud insisted on the necessity of earnest cou stant prayer in every church, professing to bo bused npon the priucii les of Christinnitv ; and shewed how prayer, when offcrred iu sin cerity aud truth, wus suro, sooocr or later, to meet with a reply ; nnd illustrated his position by a reference to that upper chamber iu Joru saleui, where those ns-omblod for tun days, waited for the descent of tho Holy Ghost ; and were We like minded with that band of early Christian?, wo should likewiso too have grate fully to acknowledge Puutccostul blessing. After allusion to the Kev. Samuel Loe, and the zcalousness and effect of his ministry in this district, ' tho speaker went on to insist that there \r-ts no blcssiug but that could bo ob tained by earnest, constaut, and importuning Waycr. Join whatever chuich their conscience nWght dictate ; and, it) conclusion, ho trusted tlnpr meetings of this und similar description would become increasing profitable, in overy sense of the word, temporarily and spiritually. (Mr. Hill's speech was vory warmly applauded.) ?♦/The Itev. G. Whitepoud next rose, and uftcr denvinft tbat he oouH, or ought to be glassed aj^olg-fkhe eloquent speakers, who Wght, in tpc langu'igo of no anecdote bo heard at Burwood, bo all coming after him, went on to suy thatMlthough not a Primitivo Methodist, still, in lbi«qPrit of that obarity, ^tiat was alovo all seotaVianism ; a charity that was allied to heaven and not to earth. Ho came forward to advocate tbo claims of bis friend and brother Dean. Mr. WLitoford next drew a vivid picture of ministerial responsi bility, and irresistably combated a vory widely conceived but erroneous opiuion, that tho life of a rainiste^wfis A^yory easy ono. On tbo contrary, urged tfcoMluv. . Speaker, whero the duties aro faithfully performed, it causes groat anxiety of miud aud maiiv sleeploss nights. Especially to a miuistor of Christ how impor tant is the thought that his ministry may be td gome ' a Savour of death unto death,'1 thbugh God be praised, with some, ' it was a oa^ur oi juo unto iuo; uuuu was tuu joy of finding that this was somotinics the case thut compensated for many other drawbacks. Never despair however, said UA but take ootirugo, and bo assurod thut with^jtafltyfa'ood blessing, His work bore shall be at lefigtb triumphant. Mr. Whiteford concludod a vory oarnost and striking appeal by urging, in the first plaoo, tho necessity of ooustant believing prayer, so that, aouording to soriptural autho rity, they might receive thoso blessings of wbioh they stood so tnuoli in need, for the promise was, whatovor yo ask in prayer, believing, yo shall receive; und seoondly, ho warmly insis ted on tbo duty of Christian brotherhood nn'Q lovo, resuming his seat amid muoh applause t The Eovd. Mr. Jambs (of Morpokb), who, on rising was roooivod with the warmoRt applauso of thoso present said, that ho was very pleased to be prosont on that occasion, and pleased ho was to bavo been onablod to havo listened to the many speakers tbat had preoedod him, and saying that thoy must not expect much olo quonoe from him, or.if so, thoy would, accord ing to tlie old proverb, bo sadly disappointed. After some few other prefaratory remarks, and warmly congratulating them on the progress made, as a matter affording muoh oooasion for thankfulness.; and, also as giving a bopo and prbstigo of better days tooomo — which at suoh aet%ous as tho jiroBeut he believed had already conio — ho wont on gratefully to allude to\tbe services of tho previous day, tho influonco'\of whioh ho felt to bo glorious, and he trusted tne impressions would not easily fade away. Mr.. Jaiuos then mado some remarks on' female prcaohing, which generally , he did not approvo of,' but there woro instances in thoir Conheo tiounl history whore fomulo preaching and teaching had boca attondod with tho happiost u results. Primitive Mutlioilisiu wa», jn (lie firbt instance a national boon, arid bad now becotnr, he would venture to Bay, a national necessity, God bad done wonders for (hem, with no ante cedents to boast of as regards cither intellect polish, or eloquence, with their first preachers taken from the rudest walks of life, their con nection had now become a mighty one, and Primitive Methodism was a great fact at tho present time, and he firmly believed, that God fully intended it to be very instrumental in ?converting others. He was always grieved to. hear of another's downfall, and he believed it was tho spirit of every true Primitive Metho dist to wish ' . : Tbat the arms of love that compass me Might all mankind embrace. Mr. James then dwelt on the good that Pri mitive Methodism had effected — or the difficul ties ft had overcome — on the trials it had en dured, but that now, victory might be said to bo inscribed on its banner. II o did not ap prove of moving in the strait jacket of formal ism, it was better to bavo a littlo wild fire than no fire at all. They hoped to labour on, till pagauism should bo brought low, and every ism contrary to Bibleism be done away with, until the banner of truth shall wavo over the rains of Satan's kingdom. Their strength lay in -fl'nity, and as had been well remarked iu minding their owu business — he was glad to say that, in their past history, they had done so, but it 'vas the spirit of unity which moro than aught else gavo them strength to go forth from conquering and to conquer. Tbosewho fiud fault with others, generally exaggerated their own excellence ; he was not going to do this. What made Ucavcn bo glorious but the tone of lovo, and*™ty thut prevailed there 1 one spirit actuated Jthjp*i^l|abitants of that blest abode — ono theme cflgarged their songs ?' Unto Him who loved us, aud {iavc Himself for us, bo glory and honour, immortality and power.' Mr. James couuluded u hi«hlv able and elo quent address by insisting on tho nocc.-sity of Cljiygtiuii forbearance in winning suuls from sin, that kindness could do moro than harsh, and austere fault-finding, thut there wore many professing chi istiuus who, iu this respect,would leave anything but a favourable impressiou ; that what they 'wanted was groa.tar faith, stronger unity, and' moro prayer, and thon he believed better dnyV would couio, aud that shortly, aud to this end ho heartily prayed ' God speed them.' (Loud, and continued ajiplausc). A The collection wss then mado, in introdoc- ing which the Cuaiuman forcibly advocated ?-. thu cause of this church. 1 The Rev. W. J. Dean apologised for tho all souce of tho Rov. Mr. Coutts, who was unavoid ably abseut at Syducy. The Rev. W. Dain— whoso speech wo re grot wo havo not space to publish in exleuso— eloquently proposed a vote of thauks to tbo ladies tlr thoir services, and nl»o to the pre vious speaker.-, which, on lioiug seconded, v 81 most cuthu\iastioully affirmed by all ]'restnt; and, on the i^ion of Mr. IIayden, a similar ' and well deserved com pi i men t was paid to tlio uUiuirmau. IU well-trained and efFjctivc choir greatly added lo tlio pleasures of this most agreeable ovenini', and the stdo in whioh the several.. pieces were executed during' (ho e veiling, re liecteil tho greatest possible crudit on all cou corned, ospceiuliy upon its conductor, Mr. Upworth. . '}. This closes our hurried anil imporfi'ct uccouut of an anniversary that, wo trust, will form lo others, as wo trust it will to ourselves', a plea sant and profitable subject of recoilootiou for years to come. 