THE BATTLE OF ANTIETAM. Antietam Creek (pronounced Anteatam) is a ipd mountain stream, "which cuts its way trass the Pennsylvania border in a doe aouthdy direction, until it enters tiie Potomac. Tiie Federal attach could not be made without fordng Antietam Creek, which is too deep cut to be osily passed. The line of battle extended some fre"miles, through the larger portion of which fa Confederate right and centre were protected i? the' stream: but on the Confederate left the cream bends away from the plateau and turns ustward towards Keedysville; and here, upon Tuesday evening, the 16th of September, the fct act of the battle was played by General Hooker, who advanced across the stream and tlong the Wflliałnsport road, upon which be fined an elevated position, in immediate proxiaity to the Confederate pickets. _ The two trades passed the lovely autnmrial night of that hutifal upland region of Maryland in dose jioxiimty. Wedesday, the 17th of September, twfce a cloudless morning. The -earliest streaks tf day were welcomed by men whose orisons We the shriek of the bursting eh ell, the deep, tnllen boom of the cannon, the whistling hiss of tnpr? musketry, Tiie extreme Federal ripht fflntbe Oonfederate ieli spriing natnrally aud instantaneously into ci.llision;'and I km w no letter way of enacing tiie Beverity of the contest is this part of the field than by stating that the official loss in Sumner's corps, consisting of ferie divisions,'is returned at ^208 men. Again ud again the battle surged backwards and forvards, and was espedslly "fierre rnnnd a large I>rmlionseand endosures callól RuUtte's Farm. Srfwick's Divisiou was the first to open the Wl, aud, as it advanced on the right.it was ftpported on the left by French's Division, *iich moved!into.»»|ńall-Wffod and.cornfield, iod snon Became hotly engaged. ; Simnlta- Wonsly the Conłederates bore down upon Sedwick, driving Lis divison baek for some Wdreds of yar Jł + To relievt . Sedgwick, an order was given by_General SnmhW (who,.bad Wen command after .^General Hooker was '"nnded, about 9 ó*doać in the moming) to rfench tA charge with his whole force and gain tte heights. The order was gallantly obeyed, aid the oVerhanging woods were s wept clear of tte enemy by Eimball's brigade. - But at what tost this successful onslaught wasimade ®an be gtimated by those who read the Ions list of Federal officers, wounded,. inclnding Eaiball timaelf, and almost evpjy;other.«nan who wore wotdder-straps in the brigade. Bat scarcely the haghts gnned when a strong body of Confederates, rushing bdii^ &td;^wict's and t rench's Divisions, And seizing fiulette's Louse Md farm bnildings, ekposed the attacking foree fc imminent jeopardv. Around this farm, the Honsomnnt of stłie ^ ay. t^ e fighting was too J"®* to be long protracted. About 10 o'dock Confederates were driveu elighdy back, ttarlre slackened, animniution seemed facing ®ort, and Frendi s Bivi4<m, a mere ghost «nd "adow of lis former edf, etood iinnly aiij on thegronnd -whidi it had won, and *Bieh it held imainly with the bayonet. , v;fŁ.. „The Confederates were not Jong inresamiBg tte oHensive. • At half-past oite the 'battlfeou. we Federal right And Corifaewte left was over, •ad one mi'e atid a Łalf -of ground dense y ^ered with dead and maugled meii, MoT; to Oention what arejdeścńbeS isJIi^.fii^ottP 8 « Pies of Rlan^fa^ A n i ^ ^ bloody obs&iaxy; «~ i As an evidence ;of therjemen and fcaUnced . •'tareof the i d ^ d ^ ' a m ^ ^ ^ l S H ^ ' * "t General M*01dlan ^»ot|!are,io ^npW Parto-'s le left WBBifcoiling arid Burnside iumBeU im 'S t h a t another Confederate lSHfi F ^ ^ S ^ P S f t J S « to check the rebels if they lucLSS fwhll them, they would have done) in drwinę Eurtn M n ™ ' '"p wa « the ohj^t ^th <!, af^! e r P< :i' teiSrnM1 were held in hand. Oir details ..f the athi.lc made liv General than 16 03 men. ,>T„m tiie 0l,llferlerate ń ht T ; r , t f t,,s » ^ operations K ^ '' ft Tt is "-i'lent that Mlnrnądec.iąid hav,. the bridge and hagh.s lieyontl it „nd hcid tl.em. the Con- Merateanny W d have been in extreme peril «f bei'ia cut off from Sharpslmnr. But it wa< impossible to carjy so tremendous a position when the the Confederates, relieved from Hookers or Sumner's attack on the right, massed dense bodies «f troops against Burnside andlm. 6t^. dlly hack The last orders of MUellan to him at Btmdnwn were, "Come what may, hold the bridge. If the bridce is lost, we are lost with it!" Hownearand imminent was the peril to which the whole Federal army was exposed is probably known to few. out tiie sun sjnk, and Burnside, weak, abat- • T"! 1 ?' was not pursued, and M Clellan had gained what, to oucfighting under such couditions, must be admitted to be a freat and substantial advantage. Seldom, sines the world first witnessed the ravages of war, lias Mich a scene of appalling carnage and suffering mutely appealed to Heaven. It is probable that within an area of five square niiiea at letwt 30,000 dead and wonnded men, the victims of the politicians ot the U sited States, lay in every conceivable pain. Every bush, every erevice of rock, every furrow ^if every field had its pale and bleeding tenant- while th« mangled but •Btall living snfferer, with faint and piteo-is wailing, demanded water to supply his exhausted life- blood, and harrowed up t''6 »oui of the anguished observer In the immediate vicinity of Gettesville an immense hole was rapidly filled with amputated limbs. Incidents of horror, enough to fill a volum-. m'lch as their insert ion -i* discounted in all Northern jonrtiali=, meet the «ye at every tui 11. I could quo'e from the papers before me column after column descriptive of s-ucli scenes as wonld be heartrending even if they related to transactions enacted, a thousand years ago. 