ADELAIDE. ii Friday, 8 p.m. f#S iiusineeB IB ueing nurrica through in the Assembly, h The Appropriation Act has been read a second time, Ï A new Waste Land Bill is laid on the tab!ei I It is intended to abolish assessments in outlying dil. | tricts, and to reduce them, ti one-half for medium ' country lands, and to postpone payments for serea j yearB. ; It is proposed at the end of the season to gire a \ a complimentary dinner to the Speaker, j THE ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE.-On Monday ovoa ing last, tho dramatio season couitnoncod at the Viotorii, when that eminent artiBt, Mr. Burry Sullivan, mudo hil first appearance before a Sydnoy audionco, and was vory favourably received-his mastorly roali/.ation of tho churao ter of Cardinal Kicholiou being deservedly appreciated by s largo and discriminating audioncc. Ho WOB woll supported in several characters, although, in somo respect?, tho pUy might, perhaps, havo boen moro judiciously oast, consider- ing tho resources of tho company. With nil such renuitito allowance for any obviouB draw- backs, it may bo fairly nssortod that Richelisa, as presented on_ Monday last, was a great | success. From this implied qualification, the namoi ol' Mr. j Barny Sullivan and of Mr. Kail Wurnor muBt ba under- stood to bo altogether exempted, as nothing could surpa» tho talent displayed by both of those gentlemen in their delineation ol tho characters of tho wily Cardinal and of too noble but too imuuUive Do Mauprat. Tho Cardinal of Mr. Bony Sullivan in a beautifully finished historical "portrait of the statesman Bichtlieu, in which tho speotator forgets the performer in the part. Mr. Sullivan dopiots, in a very forcible manner, tho dying energy and in- domitable courage of that fierce old priest, whose astuteness lifted tho throne of France out of tho mir« into which it had been hurled hy tho wars of the Fronde. Tho sword scene, that in which ho protects Julia, that ia which he bailles the conspirators, that in which ho claims justice from his ungrateful master, and tho many other striking situations of this remarkable play, wero all very Andy rendered and received with cordial approbation. Mr. Sullivan's Richelieu is always the cardinal, and »ever ths actor, for ho wholly identities himaolf with tho cUiracter, never overstepping " tho modesty of nature" for the applause of the groundlings. Richelieu was re- pented on Tuesday and Wednesday nlßhtf, with nn ailerpicco entitled, Tho Governor's Wife. On Thureday night, and yesterday evening^ the admirablo play of Hamlet was produoed at this home, in which tho principal character was sustainod by Mr. Barry Sullivim, Mr. Neil Warner playing tho part of ths ghost of tho niurderod king. Mrs. Charles Poole, an old favourite with Sydney playgoers, appeared in tho rather trjingond unimpressive character of Gortrudo, and was well received. Mrs. Hill's Ophelia was also a very csro fully studied and pleasing performance-especially in tho Book Scene, where she has tho interview with Hamlot. In speaking of Mr. Barry Sullivan's Hamlot-having now disposed of the accidents, os It wore, of that most rematk able impel Bonation-it would bo vain to attempt to do full justico in this passing notice. It is a part affording fall scope to tho finished elocution and graceful aotion whioh are so eminently chaiacteristicof Mr. Sullivan's performmcs with tho evident and particular recommendation of pro- found thought-evincing a Bludy of tho text which brmgi out many of its beauties in a very striking and unexpected manner. His roading of this magnificent play is very different from that of the ordinary stage version, and ia n:ott cases a decided improvement. This was very observ- able in tho interview with Ophelia, and that terrible scene in which ho roproaoho.i his weak and unhappy mother. It appeared ts us that Hamlet must, bo the favourito character of this groat ootor, for every point of it was an elaborate Btudy- from, the oa tianco of tho ill-fated prince to tho last duel scone. Ham- let is to bo played again on Tuotday ovoning next, when his Excellency has eifuiHod his intention of being prison*. If the gentleman who played Horatio last night is to sus- tain tho sanio character on that occasion, ho would do well to iufuso a little more animation into his part,-an utttr want of sympathy on tho pan of a bosom friend ia a rather needless diEcouragemeut-ono to which Shakespeare sever intended that Hamlet should bs subjected. The prinolpal piece announced for representation to-night is, Richard tho Third. THE BOYAL LYCEUM THEATRE.-The highly successfal equestrian drama of Timour tho Tartar, combined with an uninterrupted succession of novelties in all the many varieties of circus performance, has afforded much enter- tainment nightly, at this popular place of publio ouiusooient, to well attended houses during the past week. The tvitti citnis of clever jesters, (tho graceful riding of tho circle, and (he daring feats of acrobats, and other performers ia th« arena havo proved an unfailing saurce of attraction, and appear likely to ba so yet for somo days hence, It is understood, we believo, that tho engagement of Mr. Gardinor is to bo extondoJ for a fdw days lunger, and that another new spectacular druma will be produced. In the meantime we remind expectant, wull- bohavcd juveniles and indulgent parents that there ls a day performance this day, at half-putt (wo p.m. In the performances this eveniag Pony Races will bo part of tho programme provided. The dramatio season at the Lyceum is to commence on Monday week.' SWEEPING BOBBERY- OF Doon-MATS.-A police report in the Met aid of Tuesday regarding a woman named Eliza- beth Matthews, sentenced to imprisonment for throe months for stealing sundry door-mats, having been observed by a lady in Crown-street who had lost her mat, application wai made to tho polico, when one of tho D division elerorly overhauled a pawnbroker in South Hoad Hoad, and found tho mat. Ono shilling had been advanced to tho thief on tho mat, which originally cost I2s. Gd. The police had fhreo other mats at tho station-house, taken in the thief « possession on Saturday ovoning, and they were aware that her transactions in door-mat robberies numbered f jurteen, A lady in JDomain- terraco and several others having lost their inatB, they will probably reooyer their property by applying at tho station-house. NEWCASTLE.-Our correspondent says:-The Musial Association gave a concert on Wednesday and Thursday night in aid of tho Lancashire distrosBod operatives, 'fhn Court-houso was crowded to excess on both evonings, and the reBult was highly satisfactory. CRICKET. - The first match of the season among our metropolitan clubs is to be played to-day, on the Domain ground, and, judging from the antecedents of the players on both sides, a very interesting and spirited contest may be anticipated. The opposing parties are the Warwick Club, which now musters a stronger team than we have yet seen them bring into the field ; and the Albert Club, from whose chosen eleven we miss the names of a few who were wont to do them good service, although the vacancies are filled by others who are not altogether novices in the manly game. The two clubs are to be represented as follows : - WARWICK CLUB. --- ALBERT CLUB. Mr. N. Thompson --- Mr. Adams Boak --- J. Curran A. Park --- G. Curtis Kettle --- Deane Martyn --- Dixon C. Ferris --- Gorman Readett --- C. Lawrence G. Ferris --- Lynch J. Clark --- Morris Fowler --- Sullivan H. Ferris --- Captain Ward EMERGENCY. J. Perry --- Messrs. Docker and Mein, doubtful. 