.FABIiIîS ITOU FOOLS.. - RIOHAÏÏD JONES'S f OPINION Ol? CONGEWOI SMITH ANDÉIS' LETTISH«. ' .->-.- ' ! ' -' t To Ute Editor of Ute Bathurst Free Press and Mm¡»¡/ Journal, , ' Sin,-I wont to Tim Thornton's on Monday, 29t!',"íov F let him know what I thought of John Smith viind his '« ritings. After we'd had a blow otlt of bacon and turnip tops fwo can't get no cnbbngo now), wo squared round" 5 to tho fire an lit our pipes. 'Well,' says Tim, 'did you reed, tho let tors? Aint Smith u Btuniier ? " 'I red the letters,' I replied, 'and the 'elusion l'vo como to is; that John Smith is something Uko Sum Slick.' "Who's Sum Slick? * BOS Tim. 'Why Sum Slick is the linmo of a book* ses I 'as was ritten by a Canadian lawyer, coiled Judgo Hnliburton. This'coxo was n tory n's roto for the pur pus of gotten up a fculon'-ttgin democracy in the United Stntes, mid in Canndn. Ile describes Sam Slick as aloSr-, > bred Yankee, as went about the States, and who relajes ! his experience of human nutur nu politicks. Well, Shok j ?tells soino «tuning yarns, some lart'erble, samo aro mel* onkolly, mid all aro full of strong common sense j but ho ! 'nlwes bringa in something ngin democracy, nor ho don't do it hi a fair manly wny neither ¡ho institutes coin pa'rersons 'tween things ns'hnB no nalogy whale*.or, jost tho samo way ns Smith docs. But the book didn't liava < the eJTeot intended ; for though tho Yankees lnrfed at its ( jokes, they would'nlhnvo nothing to do with its pohlüs- j They stuck to their Universal SullVngo, pigment of mem- bers, and till that sort of thing ; and Hnliburton has tho mort ideation of seeing his countrymen, the Canadians at tho present time, its democratic as tho Yankee« ; pay- , mont ol'members, and all the reit ol' it too. The riuwn i is"eleni* cuuf ¡ the Book was n "dodge" to entran tin» unthinking; and It was soon exposed us all ' dodges' will , bo ouo time or noothar.' 'Just to giro you some idoo of what I means,' ses I, ' J'll make some comments on Kima of 'Smith's loiters.' ' One of these letters is tafctn np with a yarn about a Now Chum Supuiinlender.'^ rW,cll I red that yarn backwards, ond lbi'ards, s;îloV»cs, otiu erosB-wnys, live or six times, nmt I 'couldn't make any souse of.it/ " I lnrfed soïtonly when tho. jupotf got A« 1 ' "<...?:' í¡: tálttt 'V'-. ' ' ... ;. t. ., - \ - ai* Hie yaití among a mob o' wibi cuttle, '(though that wasn't the most mt terni thing in..tho world fin* H raro young towney to do,) mid L lavicd whim Smith eli ¡¡-ulai the . super' ont o' tho working bullocks,' hut I coiud'ht'mako but what Smith was aiming tit.' lie could'itt hnvo mont that a young man. could uovur hu a good pnuit ¡cal ovoi - seer cause ho'tl been a counter-jumper ; lui* If ho meut .? that ho might us well Bay a 'cockney' could uuvur be a good bullock driver; 'though wo know that cocknoys make as good bullock ilrlvors as any arter a 'lew months training.' .The fact ia any young niau that's fond of the * bush and sets his mind tu it van leam all tho bush knowledge ha wants in Uvulvo niontlia.' Nor ho couldn't have mont that (hero was any 'nalogy 'I ween lijo aupar* und Mi* Weekes, t lio Treasurer. JUr Weekes can't do nothing by himself* hu has to consult his mutes, and ho has to face tho Assembly, und what the Assembly tells him lo do ho must do und no mifctiiku; ho nniy malro what proposition he likes, but the Assembly id the muster aller till. So there's no 'nalogy 'tween air AVockes and .super' so fur. Mr Weekes tuny bo a bad treasurer, hut Smith hasn't shown how, 'ccpt by comparing him toa fount cr jumping supcrtntciulor ; und that's whot the lawyers call assertion, not proof. Then agin look at t-hmth's letter on ' tracking.' There's a capital yam about a lilllo girl na was lost in the- bush, that almost makes you cry, when ho tells you how the poor little thing picked up the flowers and wandered about ; your hair Btnnds ou un cud when he mentions the hawks und the crows ; and you feulas if a. mountain were taken oit" your chest when ho tells you tho crow's meal wasn't ready; bul. what has till tliiu to do with Cuneen, the member'of Parliament ? AU X enn u'.ako out of it is thal Cuneen is a liberal as voted far Free Selection, and generally sticks to the Cowper Ministry, and for that reason Smith hates him, but. neither mo nor nobody else can't seo no 'nulogy 'tween Cimeon and the little girl or anybody elso in the trucking story, hut then you seo Smith don't rite theso letters formen of sonso ; ho riles oin for the ignorant us van't reafou. He spins cm a nico pleasant yum, and at the end of it ho tolls em tho yarn proves soino liberal to . bo n. tool or a rogue*, and he thinks as tho simpletons will swallow nil his assertions luuipus und novel* see his trickery ; just liku a doctor tis has to 'miiiistor ti dose of lisie to a child, rolls tho dosu well up iu sugur, and the ..hild thinking it all right «.wullara it greedily at ilrst ; hut ns the child linds out tho doctor's ti ¡ck soon cr or Inter, BO will tho electors lind out Smith's dodge 'fore long, if (hey hasn't lound lum out already*! When I was a kid ntsi-liuol I had a book of ninusin and instructin fables. X'liero was one yarn in it us I was . very partial to, und as I often thinks over now j that was " a yarn about lite ' wolves und the sheep.' Once upon a time and a vory good lime it WIIB, in some part of Urope there was a mob of wolves as wua pretty nigh starved out, and they couldn't get at the sheep or cattle on nc . ?.omit of the caro as the shepherds took: of em. Well, ' the wolves consulted a long timo what they had best to do, and at last they hit on the following ' dodge.' They dressed up soino of themselves in sheepskins, and they fitted em on so well that some of tho wolves was going \- to kill vin and eat cm, they looked so Uko sheep ; but they was restrained by some of the moro coolheadcd «oves. In thal part of the country thcro was ti place as was culled in the language of tho country " Devils cave." This wits about half a milo long mid not moro'n fifty yards broad 5 as for the depth nobody could tell) seeing . llint nobody liked to go down, it was so sleep and rocky ; " mid all covered over with trees arid briars, hound together with wild vines as thick as your ann. Tho superstitious people usod to say ns devil», and ghosts, and uti sorts ol' 1 goblins stopped doun thuro j and on this account nubody *d try to go down, no the wolves and other erea \- tures lind it nil to themselves; although (hero was plenty of first-rate feed right up to the edges ol the cavo, tho shepherds wouldn't allow their flocks to go nigh it. ' Well, tho wolves ns was dresBed in sheeps' clothing was Bent among the sheep ; and they was to draw em on till they got cm near tho gully, and then all tho other wolves was to rush out and drivo as many as they could' right into it. The poor sheep liked their now mutes first rato, they was BO lively and frisky; and they follercd 'em about whororor they went; and in spito of all the shepherds could do t'*-ey was drawing near tho gully. The shepherds couldn't urderstand it~ot all, but they watched somo of the leading sheep, ns they thought, and tiley noticed as they were uncommon smart on their pins Tor »heap, mid us they didn't cat no gruss much, but just nibbled a bit, and spit it out ngin, ns if it didn't agree leith their slomaetu atod when thoy went near them they showed their teeth ; and by Job ! they wasn't «beeps' tei*th. Well, the shepherds got crabbed, and tried to knock some of'em down, and then there was a bolo out und no mistake. Tho wolves commenced snapping and burking iu a wny I hero lins no misthkiii, BO the HIICCJI bolted home and left the shepherds and wolves to fight it out. One or two of the wolves was cooked, so tho rest cut and run. TS'ow, Hint's the way with John Smith, and tim fools . lie's trying to toko in. lie's one of the wolves dressed in sheep's clothing, and 80 natorally that jou'd acurcely know him ; only when you watch him close you neo he's too smart to bo «lint he pretends to bo; and now and lh»n when ho trios to rite about progress and bbnefitting tho working classes, and all that, you find that it don't agree with his stomach, und ho runs on agin about the «tupidtiess and roguery of the liberals. The ignorant people is the sheep as aro pleased with his yarns, and would foil er hint any«hoi*c, only the shepherds are on tho look out : they Bees his teeth, and tliey knows what he is, und ho will bo snappinnnd burkitt l at toon as he's touched, and thon it's a caso with him. Democracy is tho place whero the good shepherds feed their sheep f Aristocracy is tho ' Devil's Cavo* as is in- habited hy i-uvei)in ïolws us will come ont mid destroy \- all before- cm if tho shepherds don't look out. So you «co there's inoro 'nnlogym this yam than thero is in nny ? 'of Smith's ; ' I don't know hut you're right ses Tim, but ' then you seo if Democracy goes ahead whnt's to become of our kids?-Thoy won't lmvo half so much chance to rise, causo thero'll bo so many clover follows of the lower classes try in' to rise'too j but if wo sticks to Aristocracy us land Iandholdcrs'll havo all the patronage of the coun- try in our hands ; and whot odtts who suflers as our families don't suffer. 1 Tim,' BOS I, ' tho boat pervision ns we can make for our families is to try to better tho condition of the peoplo. Tho higher we riso tho working classes, the bet- ter oil'our families '11 bo if they should go down in the world when wo'ro gotto. j^ll tho Inws in tlio world won't tonto rich men's children no wiser, nor no more provident then poor men's ; so there'll nllwcs bo ups and downs i While the world laBts. Ton seo Tim, Natur is a leceller . and TPlidom is a democrat, nnd if wo want to make the * world happy wo must follor Natur and Wisdom.' . Well . Dick,' ses 'IHiti, ' you'ro ft long hadad folder and I won't argy with you. I daro say you're right j but I'm almost ? too old to chango my opinions.' Tim and me shook hands and parted.. IUCHAÄD JONES, . Solitary Creek, near Hartley. 