I SYDNEY CITY MISSION. A PUBLIC MEETING was held in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street on the 11th instant, for tbe purpose of establishing a City Mission on the basis of the London City Mission. The large hall was crowded in every part, and a considerable proportion of the audience was composed of ladies. On llic plilform vc ol-ectvcd Uiollon. A. H'ArUiur, M.I,.C. : tit Hon. G. Allen, M.L.C, ; Dr. l)ou glass ; Mr. CaJdwcil, MX. A - *!-e Itt'v. Mam. J. 1!. Vcltcb, 11. A., J. l'ullurton, LL.l).. 8. Ina. .. »? jimmjiiijucs, u. 11, ouuucs, ait a., Adam Thomson, 8. C. Kent, T. Smith, R. Johnson, H, hartley, J. Voller, J. 13. M'Cure ; Mr. Justice Wise, Mr. li. Joy, Mr! B. Short, and other gentlemen. On tho motion or Mr. Justico Wis* the Hon. John Campbell. M.LC.j was placed In the chair. The proceedings were com mrnccd hy the ltev, Mr. Vcitch offering prayer, The CiiAiiiWAW then ropo ahd said, he regretted vrrv muoh that there was not a more able man In the chair, for he must confess that be knew very little of tho demoralisation »f the people of Sydney, lie understood, however, from hits friends, that there was & very great deal of immorality prevailing in tho city. He took a great dial «f interest in his native city, nod exceedingly regretted that there was a neoessity for eueh a meeting, to establish auch a feocicly ia the city. Thcro were a great many clergymen prcscat, and one would imagine that, with what they got by the voluntary eytltm and what they got by Slate-aid, thcro would be sufficient ibini&ters; to meet tue wants of all classes of the community; but he understood it wot impossible for the clergymen ta attena to their own respective duties and supply tho spiritual wants of the poorer people, and therefore it was necessary to have some person or persons specially set apart for the work. The City Mission of lUoiidon had been the means of doing a vast amountof good. Ths population of 1.oudon wua t-o vast that it wae no wonder a city mission was required for it. But in this city the population was eo Final], computed with that of Loudon, that one would think thcie would bu no necessity for It here. Some persons to the , richer elnes in Hydney were always talking about the immorality or the lower clM^ee. Mow lie should not tninec matters, hut say that a good deal of the immorality that prevailed was on accoont ol tbe bnd example set by eomv of those who belonged to tho richer chibf. (Ucar, hcai\\) Let tbcm set a good example, or how oould they bhunc those who were following their example. They should remember the parable of the rich man and Lazarus, He saw that the rich man punished hereafter, not for tbo harm that he bad done— for he lived Jn luxury, and got his dinner in first-rate style— (laughter! — ahd he saw no barm in that, but be war puuibhed for not doing good. (Bear, hear.) Ho was told the other -ioy of the immorality of aomcof the rich men of the city. arid he wa* n^ionithtd. For himself liedid not go about much, ana therefore did not know somuch or those who were more about the city, The elerpymen on the platform would be better able to ex* plain tho object of the meeting than lie could, and lie had no (icubt that the meeting would coincide with the project, lie dured say that the vt-tabUrtimcnt of such a misaiou would be tLoiue;!i)5 of doing prcatfTood, When he looked at the amount »! money spent by ibe country in suppressing and punishing crime, lie teU sure that the money would be far better laid out in educating the people. (Chcrrs.) The K( v. S. C. Kknt moved the liret resolution as follows ; — ''i Jiul Uie spiritual condition of n large purtion of tho iuhabi* taj.teofthia city reLdeis the establishment of a City Mission in fcyduiy highly desirable.' This molutiou was ncuonded and huppoitrd by Mr. JuHice Wise aad the Itev, J. Voller, and on its Iteing put to the meeting war carried unanimously. 'i'lie liv A*. 8. Ikokridi:, in rising to move tho second resolution, ( xpiwed his hear y pood will towards and his intense iutercat in the institution tbey were met to inaugurate, lie had long desiccd to ere eome concent rated efforts put forth and brought to bear on the ? piiiiual destitution of the masBcs of this city, and now that tbc.lhlng had assumed something like a practicable shape, he re joiced in it with all his heart. Be was glad to think that ao mnny Immunising and Christianising efforts would bo made, and wcuud tutc the opportunity of bearing- testimony to the )wi-our# of the ltev, Mr. ridgcon, who was dolus all in his power ia this pood woilc. 21c also rejoiced that this socicty was to have a broad (uiholic platfoim, and would conclude by moving that the following uilep form tbc constitution of the Sydney City Mission : '? 1, 1 h»l thifc society be called ibe Sydney fcity Mission. #t II. The design ot this socioly it. to promote the extcasion of r.vongclical religion, without icfcrcncc to denominational dis tinctions. *? 111. To effect thie object, missionaries of approved character ( and qualification, who shall give themselves to the work, shall \ be employed and paid by the institution. Their duty shall be to vif-ii from Iioueo u- house in the respective districts tliat shall be assigned to them, read the Scriptures, engage ia religious con vocation, aud urge thoso who are living in the neglect ofreliginD to observe the falibath, and to attend public worship ; they shall aho, as far as possible, *cc that all persons }ioescs? the Scripture!, shall distribute appiovcd religious tracts, nud aid In obtaining Heripturnl education for the children of tbe poor. By the approval of the committee, tbey shall bold meetings for reading and expounding tbe Scriptnrcs and prayer, and shall adopt such other means as tho committee may think necessary for tbe accomplishment of the niiRsion. ' IV.— No person shall be recognised at an office-bearer, or aicmlicr of committee, or be employed as u salaried agent of the Society, but such as fumfrh evidence ot pcieonat piety, and believe in the divine authority of the Scriptures, and hold the doctrines ofthe Unity of the Godhead, the Deity of Christ, the J)eiiy and Personality of tbe Holy Spirit, the total deprarity of nmn, eaivation through the atonement of Christ, aud the renew ing ot the Holy Ghost, the obligation resting on all men to repent and believe the Gospel, and the uiccfe'sity ol holiness as an evi dence of union with the Saviour. ' V,— The business of the Syjiney City Mission shall be con ducted by a committee, consisting of not less than twenty-four ininifrtert and members of evangelical denominations only, each i denomination to be represented, U practicable. AU ministers of evangelical denominations (being members of tbe society), the aiid beercuiry, shui! to members of the eoannillee, cr ' VI.— rersons subscribing ill annually; or ever* donor of 410 ; jin executor, on the payment of u legacy of £50 and Tip wattls : and ministers, as representative? of their congregations, who frubrcribc or collect for the mission the 6um of £5 annually, -liall be membcisof this institution. ' VJI.—A general lacetiug shall be held annuallr in Mar (and oftcncr, if necessary), to appoint tbc office-bearers, and receive a wperi uj iur prorceuijjgs oi lac mission, arid os tae state of tne innas. All matters projwscd *hall be detciininrd .ra majority of the members present. The meeting shall be opened and con cluded by prayer, and tbc pvcmdeU for tbe day stall sign the minutes ot the pioccedingB. ' VJJL— The fonds ot' the mission arising from donations, legacies, subscriptions, collection!:. &e.t; shall be expended, uudcr tbe direction of the committer, upon thrsilarict of missionaries, and in meeting all neccsbatj cUnvgo* iv. conducting the business ot the mission. ' IX,— That no alteration he made in this constitution except at the aanual meeiinp, due notice h;i\ing been given ia writing of the projKJwd amendment at least twenty-one davs previous to such alteration.' The ltev. A. Tuommn seconded the resolution, which was after varri* passed. The ltev. Tuomas SMirn moved the following resolution, 41 That tbis meeting, recognising tbc importance of such an institutioa as eminently fitted by tbe Divine blessing to promote the glory of (;od, and the salvation of soul?, cordially pledges ttself todoeverr thing in its jwwer to saptain ii* efficiency*'* Mr. C&LMV;}j.L6Ccomlcd the resolution. the resolution wae then put from tbe chair, and parsed unani mously amidst much applause. Mr. KnwAitii Jot moved tbc fourth resolution, as follows ; — ''that the following gentlemen be the committee for the ensuing j cur. Ice ltev. T. Smith, ltev. J. KtipWton. Iter. Dr, tan£, ltev. 8. C. Kent, Kcv. K. Hartley, ltev. \V. Allwortb, Rer. l-r. l'ullcitoii, Rev, James Voller, Jin', Ad;uu Thomson, Iter. J* J?. M'Curc, ltev, J, Manton, ltev. J. K Vcitch, ltev. I*, p. Agncw, ltev. V. AlTotyre, lie v. N. Phi goon, Iter. J, Sullivan. Mcsars. A.. M'Artbur, Ihomab licit, M.L.A., J. Caldwell, Justice tVi&c;, John Fairfax, Fritturd Joy, 'j'. llicbarddon, It. J. Horniman, Stephen Goold, T. U. liolin, U. K. Oliver, U. £tiort, and G. il. Coodlet.' This, be said, was okc ol the most delightful meetings he ever attcuded. lie had no doubt in his own mind that thiK society would vifect a great vcionuanon if carried on, us he felt it would be, by earnest prayerful men mid women, wbo had the good of their fcllow-crcsiturcs at heart. The work k- well commenced by j Mr. Widgeon wae as - et but in it6 infancy ; and so fai from fceliagr jealousy on account of the Rapgcd fecbool, he felt that there waa no agency that w ould do more to promote the objeetof the ragged j ecbooU than tbis very nietitutiou ol u Uty Mission, ! The Rev. Mr. A-.kkw seconded the resolution, pointing out ! the great necessity which existed tor cstaolishing tuck a work* ! and describing in afl'eciiug lonnt, the result of hip- own experi 1 cure of the spiritual destitution that exists ia tbe city and its neighbourhood* The CnAiEUA.N, iu putting the resolution, excused himself fr«in bring named on ibe comiuittec, alleging that he had so many committees to attcud that he could- not conscnt to act. The resolution was put, ami carrud unanimously, amidst ap plause. On the motion of Mr. A. M'Anui'ft, 51. L. A. (who made a promise to subscribe £25 or &r-0; a year to the fdnds of the so* cicty, conditional tliat nineteen other gentlemen did the same), a , vote of thanks woa passed to Mr, Campbell (or presiding, and having been conveyed to tliat gentleman bv the lion. George Allen, M. L. C., tbc proceedings closid witb the doxology and tbc benediction, pronounced by the Hev. John Reid. A colicetion, amounting to several puiiudt-, was mftdc as the audienvc leluhe Hall. WF.bLKVAJf Sunday S- u--0).. — The anniversary of the Sydney East Wctdeyau Sunday School Union was hold en Monday at the Wcsleyan Church, Bourke-street, Surry Rille, '1 he meeting was opened by religious worship by the Rev. the President of Confc-r&nce.; Immediately there alter Mr. Caldwell, M.L.A., was inducted into the chair, who, after a few pertinent remarks, called upon Mr. George J?. M*lienny to road the report, from which it appeared, that in the three schools of the Union (namely, tuose of Bourse-street, Paddington, and Dowling-streot) there are nearly 700 children uadcr instruction, by 01 teachers, and the committee reported very hopefully as to the beneficial reeult^of tlieir labours. The treasurer's statement showed a small balance in Land. The first resolution was moved, by the Itev. R, Hartley (Primitive Methodist) as follows : — 41 That the communications made in the report which has been read to «he meeting, being of so cheering a character, our friends the officers and teaohers ofthe schools, as also those by whoso gifts the schools are bupgerud. ought to 4 thank God and take courage.' ' Tho motion was seconded by tho ltev. W, Scliofield, supported by Mr. Cowlish&v;?, and tidoptcd. It was then moved by the Hev. -j. Hurot, aud seconded by the lie?. T. Johnson (Congregational), ' That while much has boon dono in the way of spreading religious education' — which, with us, is another name for Sunday school education — much remains to he done, for ignorance is still widespread and doep, Sabbath desecration is still extensively practised by poung people acd children ; Irit while this its cause of mourning, it should stimulate us to a^ply tbc remedy aB far as we can.' Carried. Mr. Alpass moved, and the Rev. tho President setonded, ' That i.s all success in such an enter - j rite a* ouiri.ie the result of the Diviue blossing, it ia our ?tuty to HCK.il by earnest p?&yer; : and as God will ouly bltfs in ftnewer to prayer, nccompauicd.by effort, it is our duly to bo uiding in any at*d every way we eun—rira-ing, working, giving.' Carried. Atotoof thanks to the chuirmnu Mas carried by acclamation, which having- V«n duly fccknoa ledged, the meeting was oioiod by tlie Rev. G. Hurst with the benediction. Af 'irTi'.n T rs m:n» — The following tiaideta have boon accepted by th& Government : — l or tho execution of certain works- on tbc. Grout Southern KondL, 1st di&tiict;, — contracts Nos-. -! and Mr. A. Pollack ; contract No. 7, Mr. It* Richardson, Tor the execution pf certain works on the Gr.eaV Southern Road, 2nd district,— contracts PTos, and -»:,Kr. A. Croshaw; contracts Nos. 7 and 9 (supply of *.a$*al), Jdr. David Fuller ; contract No. 4, Mr. George Sell. Pitoroeri) Fabtoha]. anji Aaiuei'LiviUL Associa tion.— It is in contemplation to form & pastoral and agri cultural association in Tass, for the purpose of holdiujr periodical exhibitions of Uie general uroduoo of tho vast aud rich districts of tho South. For somo years past, many oj our 6tockowners have introduced, from Germany aua Franco, rams of the right Bort, at great expense, the progeny of which will no doubt be brought forward at our first, exhibition.— 17m Courier* Muiiuay Navigation, —The steamer Settlor, with * cargo of flour, from Goolwa, arrived at Eohuca on Monday last, and started again down the river for Goolwa on WaJ,* noflday.—iWow Tims* 