OUR MONTHLY SUMMARY. As the mail per "Northam " closes at 6 p.m. on Thursday, 23rd instant, our Summary for trans mission to the United Kingdom, India, 1'e., cill be published on that day, and roill be forwarded to addresses sent to the office in time for posting. The subscription is fiee shillings per annum, paid in advance. Single copies sixpence. NORTHERN AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. The uanual meeting of this Societyheld at Longford on Wednesday last was so badly attended, that the few members present deemed it expedient to defer the business on the paper until a better at. tendance could be obtained. It Is much to be ro. gretted that members who professnso muchinterest when prompted by public approval at the exhibi tion of the Socicty, are so wilfully apathetic in the dischairge of thelr duty to the public. 'The Secretary was instructed to calt a meeting, spe cially, on the tst of Marchtnext. GOAT NUISANCE.—A large number of goats are allowed to run about the streets, utd the animals do cotelderablo damage by getting into gardens and tearing and cating up choice plants, &c.; We would caution owners to keep their goats within their own premises, or elso they will be liable to be summoned to the Mayor's Court, and lie penally imposed ranges trom five to forty shillinge. CHALMER'S FREE CHURCH.—Anniver- sneye sermons will be preached tomorrow by the Rev. L. Campbell. Collections after eatcl servico MUNICIPAL REDUCTION.--The rates for the next six months are to be as before. fourteen per cent. on the rental of the town, that Is five for water, five for police, and four for gene ral purposes, so that the reduction amounts to the stgnificant amount of-Nil. MESSRSs. POUSSARD AND DOUAY.— These clever lnstrumentalists gave another enter tainment at the Mechanice' Institute last evening There was a pretty good audieoce, and they seemed very well pleased with the performances. Messrs. Ponosard and Douay advertise another grand iliumination solrdo at the IIorticultural Gardens on Monday evening next. MARGARET-STREET CHAPEL.—Anni- versary services will be hetl In this cleopel to marrow. The Rev. H. B. Giles Is to preach in the atlernotn, atl the Rev. J. Hutchison itt the eventing. Collections in aid of the trust feud are to be made after each service. COCKED HAT.—STATE AID MEETING. -Sunday, December 29 -OnaSondpyiratler. noon, 20th ultimo, itmediatejy .atcr(j the tVealeyon service at this place, and itia~itng a collection for the Wesleynn minister -f Loon. ceston, Isaac Sherwin, Esq., M.tA:.', held a meeting in favor of Stato Aid. The object of the mnetingg was to get a petition signed for the pur pooe of securing to the Wesleyan body a larger share of State Ahd. No previous sotice having heen given of the meeting very few persons were present. and these were taken a little bynarprise. Mr. Sherwin staled that he had both spoken and written against State And to Religion; but na others were receiving it, tie thought they-thue Wt'eslnyans-oaght to have a fair share according to their numbers. Mr. Sherwhina natument atouted to the same na that of a schoolboy who joined with hie comrades in robbing a poor noon's orehard, and who has been immortalised by our great poet, Cowper: "If the matter depended alono upon me, His apples might hang till they dropped from the tree; But since they will take them, I think I'll go too; l1b will lose none by ome, though I get a few." Ills scruples thus silenced, Tom felt tones at ease, And went with his comrades the applcs to seleo; le blamed and protested, but joined in the plant He stared In the plunder, but pitied lae man." Mr.,Sherwin indorsed the proceedings with the opinion and authority of the Wesleyan minister in Launceston. Mr. Chirles Cihlicatt, who lion figured so much at police-courrs in connection with rape and gambling affairs, took a promieont part in the meeting. A respect able elderly female, not belonging to tili' Wesleyans, said site supposed they diii not require females to sign the petition. Oh, yes, Mr Sher. wion said, any person could sait it. This good woman wished to excuse herself-from signing it in tie absence of her husband; fiat Air. Chiicott spoke up, and goni her daughter could sign it for her.- Communicated. PARLIAMENTARY.—Mr. Gregson has been the assassin of lile ow-lnenaracter I And be has done the work of self destruction more effec. tuniil than can ever be undone. WVhtat is the position Air Gregson holds at this moment in the Assembly? What have I done-be asked-that these strictures shlould be thus made upon ale? He has done this. He has disgusted every rea savable man in the [touse, wit his irregulnte passions; with his offensive egotism; with his sys. tematic defiance of order, and his reiterated insoits to the chairt with his incessant interrup. tion of the course of dehatl and his unmannervd personalities. I-e lios definitely strengthened the the ministerial position; put an effective end to all the schemes that were in agitation for a cpli tion between the independent party and the moil erate opposition. Of the articles of which this geotlcmau complains no -bitterly, ttill the pre vamtued writer of which ihe assails ini a fasfiios on cowardly, the only really offensive poonoges are literal quotations from Air. Gregsoti's own speehes. and references to points on which he prided himaclf to dwell. We tell tr: Gregvin agint that, by the political course lie has been pursuing, by his reckless abuse of opportunities, by his exhibition of uncontrolled passion, and by his habitual indulgence inaliait of'slander revolt. ing to every mao of gentlemianly feeling, ine has been, In truth, the assassin of his own reputation. -ci. T. Mlfercury. SUDDEN DEATHS.—About 11 o'clock on Thuasday night a min was found lying dead on the 'Westbury road between Prospect Village and Muddy Plains. IVe learn that his name wirs Frederick Dowling, and that on Thursday after. toon about 4 n,clock lie left town with i waggon containing provisions for the form of a Mr. WYil son (residing in town) at Cressy. On his may out le talled at the ' Rising Sun," puiblie.honse, Prospect Village, and was then perfectly sober. About 8 o'clock Mr. Anthony Hart, who wasi riding into town, saw him alive lying on the side of the road near where ine was found. ir. Hart touched him with his whip and told him to get up sud look after his builocks, thinking he was drunk, and came on into town. At 11 o'clock le was found dead by two mien, and information was at once given to tie police. Ills bullcks and waggon were found some distance in advitce. An inqaest will be held by W. Gunn, Esq.,-Coroner, at the "itising Suit," Prospect Village, at 12 o'clock, to inquire into site cause of death. A WOMAN'S HAND CHOPPED OFF.— On 'Thursday, a woman named ontora Allen, was brought in to the Cornwall tlospltal from Ev'at dale, by the police in a van, having had her hand cut off about three inches above the wrist. fir. luxatable accompanied her on the way in, for fear of the hBsh bleeding too mticli. On tier arrival at the tiospital iste stated that on that afternoon, whilst she and her huisand were having a row wiit some nen who were trying to break through their boundary fence,. her husband presented a laaded gun at his assailants. She lifted up her right hand to stop him, andttho charge exploding, her hand was blown off. She has nince stated that her hand was chopped off with: a spade, by one of the men. The appearance of fte stump of the limb goes to confirm this statenut, na it has been very cleanly cut, and bears no signs whit ever of shot or gunpowder. - STEALING FRUIT FROM GARDENS.—We inform toys and other persons a ho are foiud of stealing fruit from gardens, that by doing so they render themselves liable to a - penalty ( lver ntiil iaove the vaile of the fruit) of £20; or the offence may be treated as larceny, and criminail be supplied with hboard ind lodging for six tmontho. At the Police Oilice, yesterday, a lid was fined in the mitigated penalty of to,. and coits, for stealing fruit frout the horticultural, Gardens. ' The damage done in sonme cases by the palling down of fences and breaking hranches off trees, &c.;, is very great. In connection with this we may also mentionm the stwaling of flowers. On Wednesday a woman wis sentenced to two moiths' hard labor, for steppinig into a snmil garden in front of a house, and picking some flowers. SOUTH AUSTRALIA.—In this province they tine not the ghost of e0ate aid to any de. oimination, iid yet what is the tentstionoy of-a stranger but impartial mind competent witness concerning ii P Why that the coleuists there ale more liberal and more in earnest than in bny of the other Australian colonies. At it meeting of the Blible Society, just held at Parratiattn, the agent of fte parent institution, the Rev. .1. It. 'lucker, conutenced lils epech "by expressing a very high opinion of thii Christian teal. activity, 1111 litmerality of file Ileople of South Auintrnlia, whlile colony lie had recently fleets vlnitiing. It hileaveil to himit thit ia warlti'r hinterCnt 1wa10 tabn liere tin oil reigipimis miittern tiist ii lisy oh' the tb~r celomnien. They had lately sent firomtAde. 10 lean than .£700 on a freo coatrihalutio to the plireat DItihe Society." SUDDEN DEATH.—An old man, named WVilliam Still, died sdddenly on Thbriday last whilst picking froit. We havo a tult report of the inquest iqttype. CONGREGATIONALISM.—The Church at St. Kilda, in Victoria, recently ministered to by the Into Rev. Mr. Fletcher, have invited the Rev. Air. Hlamrty, of Dundee, to become their pastor The Ree. Mr. Cuthbrrtson proceeds to England, but will return in twelve months, s0 that thi sop ply required will only be temporary. FINGAL GOLD.—Mr. Nevins is prose- cuting gold-digging at his own expense and risk, and with promising prospects of success. He brought into town a sample of about four and a half ounces, obtained from stuff thrown up in digging a channel to drain some holes he desired to bottom. RIFLE PRACTICE.—Some of the mem- hers of the Artillery are tiecotting very good shots. On Thursday last, Cadet James Atkinson mode o points in five shots at 400 yards-namely, four centres and one outer. On tto previous day, Culet T. D., hbb scored1 i points in five shots ot.200 yards. [ADVERTISEMENT.]—ROSE SALE.—We are requested to invite attention to the second of these safes, which will he held by Mr. Weedon at Bradshaw's yards, Ross, on Thursday ithe 23rd inst., upon which ocension a large quantity of sheept from many of the principal flocks in tite Midltnd district will be brooctt forward under instructions from the proprietors for unreserved 3de.1 