COTTOX-GROWIXa. TO THE EDITOR OP THE OBSERVER. Sir—I take the liberty to make a few remarks on the question of the day—cotton. Muck has been said and much written respecting that article and those employed in manufacturing and preparing it for use, so that on this point it is needless for me to enlarge. I will, therefore, with your permission merely address myself to those who, like myself, have abandoned the factories of the old country and sought new fields of enterprise and industry in South Australia, First, then, I would ask with respect to this to us comparatively novel work, have we been enabled to-give satisfaction to our present employers? Have we proved our efficiency in assisting to gather in the liarvests, to clear the land for cultivation, to fence it, to plough, it. to feed the flocks, and follow occupations of a kindred nature? If we have done so (and I feel satisfied wc have), then I think it is time we should direct our attention to the former companions of our labours, who could similarly raise themselves in the scale by adopting the same course that we have done. I need not refer to their present distressed position, and will there fore proceed to make a few suggestions. When the question of the introduction of the Lancashire operatives as immigrants was mooted in the House of Assembly it was met hy an ob jection on the ground that it was doubtful whether they would- be -able to perform the work which would be required of them here. Now, Sir, I have no doubt as to their ability to perform the work, and to satisfy the Legislature of it I would suggest that every member of the class to which I refer should write to bis representative. assuring him of the benefit he had derived from coming to the colony, and representing to liiin that those who are now suiferiug from want of employment in our native land would have similar means of bettering their position in life open to them. If we, the quondam factaiymen of old England, only exert ourselves, I fully believe our representatives would be willing to allow blocks of land—say 5,01)0 acres in extent—on condition that the people of Lancashire should settle upon and cultivate them: and from what I know of the moneyed men of Manchester, I think the}' would without hesitation form a company to send out some of the operatives and provide funds sufficient to. settle them iu this colony. The class to which 1 refer would soon become expert iu planting and gathering cotton, and would thus perform their part iu developing the resources of the province. In conclusion 1 beg to state that my project is to hring out persons from home, where they are at present, according to all accounts, experiencing great distress, to be employed, and with them to bring out capital to employ them. Hoping, then, that my fellow-operatives will without delay come forward, and, by urging the claims of distress upon their representatives, seek ' to have that distress ameliorated, 1 I am. Sir, Sc., It. MAHON, Goolwa Formerly a printer in Manchester. Gan you tell me," says a puudit, "wliy a conundrum tliat nobody can guess is like a ghost?" "Shall I teil 3"ou now or next month ?" "Now, if you please." "Well, Sir, because, sooner or later, everybody must give it up." 