LOCAL INTELLIGE Iv CB, THE ENGMSM MAY MAIIÍ,-Tho arrival" of the Mail Steamer Madras may ba expected late tina afternoon or evening, sho: haring cleared tho Melbourne Heads at 7,30 p.m. on Thursday. ,We trust, should this butha cose, that the'Fostniaster-Goneral viii mnko arrange» .. monts for tho delivery of letters before midnight. KKLtaiocs GLADIATORS.-If tho various sections of Christiana who aro now contending for treasury aid aro unublo to raiso a general fund equal to tho compara- tively small amount allowed them by tho Assembly, tho sooner thoy reliovo thoir spiritual advisors of their duties tho bettor it will bo for the religious tone of genera- tions yet unborn. Tho colonios aro still aa much under tho dominion of tho Secretary of Stato (ns they over woro before they wero gratified with Responsible So vernmont, or, in other words, " ploasod with a rattle tickled by a straw." ïïis very trtio that the Secretory in England has no wish whatever to thwart tho colonists here, but as no ono has his enr but thu official instru- ment, the " Government," whoso ear in turn is worked upon by tho local drones for tho time in. office, almost evory civil and religious agitation, however successful, may bo finally extinguished by tho deceitfulness of tba Íiolitical incumbents in ofllco through the channel el- uded to. So dark indeed is this channel that something ought tb be done to protect the colony against an unjust uso of it. ? Tho important agitation to abolish Govern- - mont Aid to religion is suro to mest a veto in England, for assuredly underhand nnd secret despatches will be forwarded. The struggle will require moro than an Achillas to load the van. Tho agitntion in some degree resembles tho triumph of liberal politics ovor "Toryism" in Edinburgh many years ago, when Lord Advocate Jeffery and Jlr Abercrombie defeated Sir David limiter Blair, n distinguished baronet, and Afr Ayton. The writer or these hurried remarles haring then, just joined the olDco of a friond, a writer to tho Signet, who was agont for tho liberal members, had many advantages within reach, which a boy from school gladly laid hold of. Aa a portion of tho Lord Advocate's speech on that occasion may bo applicable in this colony should vietory attend tho present agitation about State Aid, it may ba roforrod to. In alluding to " Toryism" tho Lord Advo- . cato remarked, with a wild peculiar eloquence which caused tho sea of living heads ta oscillate to and fro us fur as John Knox's house,-"Wo have' Btruck tho lion to tho heart in tho centro of his den, and notwithstand- ing tho rattling in his throat'and thu lashing of his t.nil> . it ia aurprisiug with what facility ho has givon up the . ghost." Since that poriod Toryism lins gradually dis- . appoarcd ; but if it-seemed nt tho time to tho mind of s boy, that Franois Jeffrey, who had incaaured intellectual .. swords with Englnnd's greatest * bard-tho author ef " Childo Harold"-was doing «an injusfico to his own . famo by appearing before a tumultuous mixed rabbi«, ?.? how much nioro does it now seem humiliating in min- isters of religion to be obliged to took to cinteras beyond their own pastures for that temporal Biipply which every. < clergyman's flock ought undoubtedly to supply. It- ' would almost bo as consistent to Bee France and Eng- land supplied from tho same source of rovonue as to soe tho Church of England and tho Church of Burne in tha arms of tho sarao nurse. ' TnB COLD WATEII Cr/liE.-As wo wero strolling along Elizabeth-street the other day, deeply musing on the -wonderful wisdom of our precious parliament, and other important matters, our nttontion was attracted to a podgy ' little gentleman, who WOB expatiating to a lady in some what singular terms on tho advantages" of homoeopathy. As wo passed, our tympanum was struck by tile fol- - lowing elegant and eloquent remarks from "podgy" who thus addressed tlio lady-"Bounciblo ns you aro, 1*11 lot . you soo what I can do-I'll cut your water off-BO I will." Our-"morality" was greatly shocked nt this barbarous throat, and on enquiry wo found that) "podgy" wu» n most important porsonugo connected with the collection of City rates. In tho caso to which wo refer, the conduct of tho "official" was neither creditable to his taste nor good manners. Civility is duo to'tho citizens from those lucky boings who live by tho taxos. Wo feel satiaflod that such insoloneo would never bo sanctioned by the Major, and wo hopo this gentío hint will operate às a caution- to " podgy !" REFOIISI in THE O. V. O.-A Parliamentary Com- . mittoo has been appointed to enquire into and report. upon tho sayings and doings of that popular place of amusoment tho Control l'olico Court. Buring tho dis- cussion in tho Houso thoso honornblo members who sra in tho habit of adorning the Bondi in Goorgo-itroot, wero very indignant at tho idea of it being supposed that tho- " great unpaid" could by any possibility err cither in law or common souse. According to these gontlomon tho pleasant stnto of tilinga oxisting at tito C. P. O. has been mainly brought about by tho longth of "jaw" displayed by ibo lawyers. Wo aro not quite sure of this, for'wo know moro than ono worthy J.P. whp has all tho talk to himself, and will acarcoly allow a poor hi wyor " to put a word in edgeways !" OPEHATIO Griioa.-In addition to an increased cir- culation of notes, tho Opera season has produced a new 'tipplo designed expressly for the occasion by an eminent . restaurateur, who hus named it tho " Lucy Bscott." . The effects of this prima donna of drinks aro truly aston- ishing. Gouts who never before could sing a note, after imbibing'n modicum of this melodious mixture, may boV beard warbling " Toko this cup of sparkling wine," and other bacchanalian airs with infinito tasto. We have . tried tliis operatic nectar, and can vouch for ita wondor ful powers m improving tho " human voice divino." Wa Btrongly recommend its constant use to amateur conoerfc singers, members of parliament, and all who ara engaged in -vocal vocations I ' - A CAUTION.-Amongst tho American " notions" r*r coived by tho Madras wo find that tho Right Worshipful tho Mayor and Aldermen of Now Orleans haying rofnseâ "tb bow to Lincoln's cap," havo been summarily daJt with, and committed to prison. Tho affair has created s> profound sensation throughout tho municipal wdrhl, and wo have boon informed, of courso "on tho very best au- thority," that at tho next meoting of tho Sydney Corpa . rotion, Alderman " Joe " will movo " nn address of con- dolence "to their n Mic ted brethren of Now Orleans. Wo understand that tho " butter " for tho "address" hos boon kindly supplied by Alderman Dtifltn, who it is 01 pocted will proceed to Now Orleans as tho roprosontntiro of tho City Council on this interesting occasion ! QUIiltY AMONTGBT THE OtTBIOUS.-"What hos bo coniq of tho BEICTÜEY MYSTBHT P Being inundated with' quorios rolutivo to this extraordinary ease, which wo aro utterly unable lo answer, wo invito communica- tions from any pf our readers who can throw any light upon tho perplexing subject. If any of our reade» should happen to be acquainted willi a "medium," wo shall bo glad of a spiritual" introduction, and would willingly "givo"any quantity of "raps" for a solution, of this enigma. " PIOEON- MATCH ron ¡WOO.-A match will be shot afc Homebush at mid-duy to- do},' between Messra if. Josophson and Gr. Hill, and Messrs R. Heany, and B. Payton; 21 birds each ; 25 yards rise; one hundred yards boundary. Tho parties engaged being tho ornóle shots of tho colony, tho match is etching unusual interest, and doubtless much money will change hands between the Parramatta and Sydnoy men.' Bo'saBViTi* OF . THE -HoltBE.-A pie-bald mare, th» produce of an imported-pie- bald introduced bytlio lato Mr, A. Badgery of Braidwood, - died at Kxoter Farm last week, at tho advanced ago of 38 years. "We should think this a romarkablo degree of longevity. .The S. B. JJ. K-'s Treatise records Bomowhoro n caso of a g«ntleman having, had throo horses which died at tho ages of thirty-live, thirty-Bovcn and thirty-nine, and Mr Cully rnontiona ons .that recoivod.a ballin his neck at .tho battlo of Preston in 1715, which was oxtruoted-at his death in 1768, but it was olear that they were not worked so early as is tba custom in Now South Wales, and therefore tho longevity of the late piobald is tho more romarkablo.-Brafdtcood . Oisercer. .- DAN AOAIN.-Mr Daniel Fowler, butcher, Campbell- town, has dnring tho last month Blaughtored throo pigB,' tho proporty of Mr II. Roso, of Woodbirio Ooltago, which weighed rospsciively 273 lbs, 874 lbs, and 403 lbs total 1050 lbs. *. AN .INDEPENDENT MEIIBEH.-.Talking in tho refresh- ment room of .tho IIouso on occentrio and hon gontleraan remarked that. ho did'nt " caro n. tinkor's button about tho opinions of any niau living, except the " golden opinions" of the Deputy. Master of tho Mint." This manly and independent'avowal WBB roccived with mach applause, and loud cribs'of " " wai-farV A COLD BATH UNDunDisAaiiEiîAiiLi; OIECTJMSTANCES, ,-Two lovers at Dover in htunblo lifo woro taking an .ovoning walk one frosty : night, and in course of their ramble tho couplo reached tho' trio of planks that places both sides of tho Dour in communication with each other. They lind gained about midway of the temporary passage, when tho loving swain .decided,, in au unpropitious mo- ment, to steiil a kiis. Howovcr slight tho resistance offered to Iiis wishes, it proved sufiioiont to destroy tho equilibrium of tho parties tipoh BO narrow a bridgn for two, and both wera phingod into, tho stream. Of tho gallantry'.'distilaveil by' tho young gentleman in res- cuing, his' lair indy, of tho woful appearance of both, whon they reached tho bank of tho river, and of their speedy disappcaranoo from tho scene of action, we nood say nothing. We understand that, , both oro contented with their single easay in ,thV'swimming art for thu aoaspii, and thut a repetitibli is ijp't' dtxñred.^-jtíaidtloiit Jtwrap/, i. t., .. . 