CITY MISSION. A Public meeting, called by advertisement, was held on Friday evening, at the Temperance Hall, Pitt street,for the purpose of considering the desirability of establishing in Sydney, a city mission, as the principals of that exist ing in London. John Campbell, Esq., in the chair The Rev. Mr. Vetch opened the proceedings with prayer On the platform were the Honorable G. Allen, Mr. Justice Wise, J. Cardwell, Esq, M.L A., Dr. Douglass, Mr. McArthur, the Revs.T. Smith, Vetch, Johnson Voller, McCure, Thomson, Ironside, Kent, Fullerton Agnew, Hartley, and some other gentlemen, The CHAIRMAN regretted that an abler person had been called on to preside at the meeting, and explain matters which would be brought before them that even ing. He, be must confess, was little acquainted with the demoralisation of Sydney, and was extremely sorry for the necessity of such a society as the one on which they had met to deliberate. There had, no doubt, been a great number of changes in the colony late years; but he thought that, what with voluntary subscriptions, and what with State aid, it might reasonably be supposed that such a society was unnecessary, but be was sorry to find that it was not so. He had only to say that if it wera neoesBary blamed tba people of tba upper olaaaea for not Betti better example. They wera alwaya talking of the ia reilly of tbeiowerordera ; but what waa their own it ate regard to morality Î (Hear, bear.i. There was no d the city missions in London bad done muon good ; bt should be remembered that tba fact of tba necessity a city miasiou io that densely populated city waa no that one waa wanted bare. How waa it to be woad at that the poor of thia oily practised immorality w the wealthier olaaaea, who ought to ba a pattern, aeen doing tbe aame thing., Tbe parable ot Liz and the rieb man should ba borne in mind when thin! of the duties of the riob. Tba wealthy man live splendour; he fed aunptuously, and clothed himaal purple and fine linen ; but he waa not punished for -there was no sin in tbat. He waa punished, oat what be did,but for what he omitted ts do. Vaat arnot were expended every ye»r for au rp ir ting orime, at rate for supporting those who were supposed to put orime, poltoa and the like. He oonld not help ihiol that if the people ooald be educated to better tbl with that money, it would be better expended. Mr.B. SHORT then read the fallowing statement : " Christian Friends,-We have called yon together cause we desire to aubmit for your seriooa considérât: the question-Is it notdetirablo that there be ettablia in Sydney a oily mission somewhat similar in obarai to the London city mission 7 "Oar Boals have been stirred within ns as we b observed the moral and spiritual state of a large port .f the inhabitants ol thia city, and we are perena that there oan be few disoiples of onr Lord and Sari« who will not sympathise with us in tbe feeling that tb ia needed a continued and united effort of tbe Christ Charoo that may tell upon the thousands of souls pt tag on to eternity. " We feel tl at something muBt be done, and (bat Christian Churches cannot be held guiltless If t neglect to stretch out a helping band to reaoue tb who are perishing around them. " The kind of effort in which we ask your co-operat is not a novelty in the history of Christian work, bot I been triad under auoh oiraumatanoea of difficulty opp iog, and of suecos resulting, as to put donbt as to feasibility altogether out of question. " The London City Mission bas been in existai upwards of a quarter of a oentury, and although at ii few expaoted'great resulta, and many derided the plan worae than useless, it is now universally confesa'd tl i hardly any other agenoy has been found efficient for the moral and spiritual elevation of I masses. Christiana of various deoomioatic have united in this grand enterpri deaigoed'to abed npon tbe dirk corners of the Briti metropolis the light of Gospel truth, by sending in the crowded etreeta and alleys tba ambassadors ot* t cross of Jesus. Other towns in Britain have follow the exasaple of London. In Manchester, a smiler m sion baa existed for mora than twenty years; and in t mother country this Bgéncy.ia now reoogniaed, ia eve populous neighbourhood, aa a necessity, i " Ia conclusion, it may be interesting to atate a ft particulars as to the workicg oi the London Ci ¡ Mission, " The committee ia composed of ministers and laymi belontjini to varions denominations, ita object being lead souls to Christ, without any oonoern whatever aa which section of the Cbriatian Charon tbs peraoo ben fited shall become oonneoted with; end BO imports ia tbis considered by the committee, that if a misaioua attempts to préjudice the individual in favour of at particular plaoe of worship other than the nearest I wbioh be resides, where the troths of the Gospel a proclaimed, he ia removed to another distriot; and the offence is repeated, however pious a man, he is once dismissed. "Eioh missionary works undera distriot supsrintei tendent, appointed by tba committee, being either tl minister of the nearest evangelical place ot worship, i gams other earnest Christian interested ia the missie whose dnty it is to overlook, assist, and encourage tl agent, receive bia monthly report, and present it to tl oommittee ; BO that the missionary haa only, after h appointment, to do with his superintendent or wit the committee through bim. "Tba aoolety s agents are required to spend thirty-al boara each week in domiciliary viaitation ; topsy apeeli regard to. the sick and dying; to see the Soripturt wisely distributed; to give away approved religious traot to hold Bible classes and meetings for explaining tt Scriptures ; to bold out.door services ; to seek to reeorj fallen women ¡and by all snitable means to promote tb preaent and everlasting welfare of the degraded and on oaat. A refersnoe to the society's report [for 1881 Btatc that the aooiety|bad then employed 389 missionaries, wht io t wei ie month) reported 1,810,382 visits paid 11,408 oopiea of the Scriptures distributed 3,721,738 religious traots given away 41,777 meetings explaining tbe Scriptures, and Bibi olaaaea held 4,489 out-door Bervices conducted 1,535 persons became communicants 307 backslid era reatored to communion 681 familios induced to commence family prayer 1,380 drunkards reclaimed 331 unmarried oouplea induced to many 081 fallen femalea admitted to asylumnB, restorei to their homes, or otherwise resoued 313 shops closed on the Lord's Day 10,108 cbildren sent to schools 7,383 death beda of adults visited, of wbom 1,798 were visited by no other Cbriatian than fbi missionary; while the report of the Man obester City Mission for 1860, atatea that o 3,108 death bede visited by their 88 agents, 1,100 wera visited by no other Christian than the missionary " Wc "see no reason why a similar agency should not bi attended in Sydney with proportionate reBults ; and ai effort which aball unite for the benefit of our felloe citizens, the] Cburohes of Christ in this oity cannot bu bave a relex influence for good on those Cburohei themselves. " The proposal for establiahing a city mission wai unanimously approved, and the ralea were pre. pared as a proposed constitution, which will be sub- mitted to thia meeting." The Ber. Mr. KERI moved the following resolution " That the spiritual condition of a large portion of the inhabitants of tbe city renders the establishment of a city mission in Sydney highly desirable." He said thal they bad mst to consult as to what should be done to send the glorious Gospel of the blessed God to tbe poor and needy. He repudiated tbe statement tbat such a society was not needed, for he felt there waa a great need for such a one. The men wbo had sought to ea tabliah tbis society in Sydney were men earnestly seeking to.do good. They did not want substitutes to work for them, whilst they lounged at home on silken oouches they wanted aaaiatance. Aa in the fatherland waa done for tbe poor, they said, " Go and do likewise." They wanted persons whose hearts were lull of love to Jesus, who would go out with the word of God in their hearts-men and women also, and persons acquainted with the class of persons they went to visit. They also wanted city missionaries to labour amongst tbe Jews, This waa a catholio Bociety. Whatever might;be their political or religions differences outside the walla of its meetings, within, they met surely aa Christians, proposing to teach the three great B's- Bain by the fall, Bedemp. tion by tte Cross, and Begeneration by tho Holy Gbost. Mr. JOSTICK WISE said that the city mission would disclose to high and low, that of which some of them wera ignorant; it would teach the rulers the depth of ignorance and vice with wbioh they were at present un. acquainted ; and this waa what was wanted, for without knowing the evils it waa impoasible to know the remedy. There was a proverb which said, - There is much good io tbs tUJige ot the poor." Lat-them apply that' a'steof things io Sydney; let them go forth am tba poor and Jokily, rejoiee ff toey Btw tbe germa of feater them. ' «id Un, into a flame the almoit ei ambara of Chriatiinity. ~ From' bis own c vation, he regretted to Sty that mt had come before bim-soe that very < to thick of which made the blood ran ol M in Teing. Tbe main objeot of this society would be ' forth with tba Bible in band, and with the hear! arith Christian lore,-to show the negleoted of the cot that they were not forgotten. Moat of all, moat teachers be of (ha alasa who eonld go amongst people, who oonld understand their peoaliar wantp, talk to them in their own language. Like wonld t like. He had much pleasure in aeoondiog tba resole He woola recommend the perosal of the folio books, " Tbe Miaaing Link,*1 and " Bagged Homes, Hoar to Mend them." The Be*. Mr. VOIXEB, in supporting the résolu said be deeply regretted tbat be had lo ooonpy, at stage of the meedug, the place which was allotti another Christian brother-the Betr. Mr. Erale who was to have discharged the duty tbat bad falle bim, but waa prevented from so doing ty circumsta over wbioh be bad no coo tro'. He did io: know be aver rosa to move, second, or support a resole with more cordiality thia the one that bad been se dad by Mr. Wise. The objeot was so good that it taken an irrésistible; and deep bold on his aympitby, would, he bad no donbt,{do so on all Cbriatian poop! this oily. There was much to be gratified at ia fla tbat their efforts bad suooeeded, and there waa a pe J pleasure in the beginning ol a movement when had no doubt of ita auecass. The plaoj in which wera assembled, he was happy to inform them, waa t every Sunday morning with outcasts wera gathered together, not only to ret food to sustain the body, but the food of While they bad reason to be intensly gratified with Statement in relation to tbia soei.tr, they mast tbiak to3 highly of it lest their sympathy migh damped, for what bad bean done waa oomparati small in relation to wbat has tc be done. This Ins lion, which will do good, immense good, inoaloul good, is not all that is requited to meet tbe astoam emoant of evil that exista in thia eily. In relerenci the movement inaugurated tbst night, tbere could bi difficulty io arguing that it will command tbesympat of tbe Christian people. Ia twelve months' limp, pl »ill bave paaied from time into eternity, who wi have been dimoei in tbs lowest pit of hell, but for establishment of tbis institution, and who, tnrougl maana, will weir the crown of glory. By this iaatitul miny a widow's heart wculd be m .de glad, nun] orphan redressed, manya drunkard reformed, mai woman reclaimed, sod be found kneeling at thefet her Saviour, likei Mary, confessing her sine. From heart ha wiabed the institution godspsed, and be ki that that wUh would be responded to by all tb present, and o rory devout spirit that would retad t night's prooerding. There wa « one thins wbioh rema] forbid to noli jeloamelj-the men who should be che for this work. They requited min who would not < go about with the Bible ia their bandi, but also io tl hearts, and boped that God would bless tba instul by seodlng forth missionaries af bis own choosing scatter tba seeds of eternal life. Tba m ilion waa then put and carried unanimoual j The Ber. Mr. IBONSIDE then moved tbs fallow resolution:-" Tbst in aeoordsnee with the forego reaolotion, a society ba established, of wbiah following rales sbsll form tba constitution. .T.-That tbia society be called the Sydney C Miision. .' IT.-The design of tbis society is to promote extension of Evaagetieal raligion, without refereno« dénomination»] diatinotions. "|IIL-To effaot thia objeot, missionaries of approi ebaraoter and qualifications, who shall give tbemsel' to the work, shall be employed and paid by tbe iosti tion. Their duty shall be to visit from boase to bot in the respective distiiots tbst shall ba assigned to the read tbe Scriptures, engago in religious oonveraatii . and urge those who are living ic the neglect of religi to observa tbe Sabbath, and to attend public worthi they shall also, aa far aa possible, see that all perse possess the Scriptures ; shall distribute approved re gious tr sots, and sid in obtaining Scriptural ednoiti for the children of the poor. By tbe approval of t committee, they abell bold meetings for reading a expounding the Soriptnres and prayer, and sb adopt sush otber means sa the committee may tbi i necessary for tba accomplishment of the mission. i "IV.-lío person shall be recognised as an offit bearer, or member of committee, or be employed as salaried agent of the society but such as furnish e1 denos of personal piety, and believe, in the Dili authority of tbe Scriptures, and hold the dootrinea the Unity of tbe Godbead, the Deity of Christ, the Dei and personality of the Holy Spirit, the total depravity man, salvation through tba atonement of Christ, ai the renewing of the Holy Ghost ; the obligation restii on all men to repent and believe the Goapel, and tl necessity of holiness as an evidenoe of union with tl Saviour. "V.-The bolineas of ths Sydney City Mission ebi be oondaoted by a committee, consisting of not leas tbi twenty-four ministers and members of Evangelical d rominatloDs only, each denomination to be represente il prasticable. All ministers of Evangelical denomin tiona (being members of the society), the treasurer, at secretary, shall be members of the oommiltee, i officio. "VI.-Persona subscribing; ono pound annually, i every donor of £10, an executor on tbe payment of of Iegioy of £60 and upwards, and ministers, as represent ti voa of their congregations, who subscribe or oolleat ft the mission the sum of £6 annually, abell be membei of tbe institution. "VII.-A general meeting abell be held annually i May, (and oftener, if necessary), to appoint tba offio bearers, and receive a report cf the proceedings] of tis mission, and of the state of the fonds. All matters pr< posed Bhall be determined by a m »jori ty of the membei present. The meeting shall be opened and concluded t prayer, and tbe President for the day shall sign tb minutes of tbe proceedings. " VIII.-The funds of the mission, arising from dont tlonB, legacies, subscriptions, collections, ¿co., shall t I expended, under the direction of the committee, upo the salaries of missionaries, and in meeting all neaessai obarges in conducting the business ot the mission. "IX,-That no alteration be made in thia Constitc tion, exaept at the annual meeting, due notioe bavin been given in writing of the proposed amendment, a least twenty- one daya previoua to euab alteration." In moving this resolution, ha did so bearti'y, as be tel a great interest in the proceedings. If there was on thing more than another that required their support, i was this.' Some concentrated effort should be brough to bear on the rruaa of sin in this city ; and if some thing like this were not done, it would be impossible ti check it Tbere waa much to mourn for, and muon ti rejoice it ; and, notwithstanding sll their institutions thsre waa still plenty of room for the estsblisbment ol the city mission. He had great pleasure in moving tbi resolution. The Ber. ADAH THOMSON, in seconding the résolu (iou, said tbst when tbe institution was put before tbi ; community, there would be nc wonder as to how ii 1 would ba supported, but there would be that it was nol in existence long sinoe. Tbere could be no doubt ol the morel position of the people around them justifying i the establishment of such an institution. They knew enough to be convinced that a large portion of the popu. tatton were living ia a Btate of practical heathenism ; and that fact alone made ont a cause for earnest Chris, i tian aotloc. They should not rely merely on indi. vidual efforts: tbere should be a concentrated aolion to i carry out the werk. They had many institutions, but . the grand desideratum was a city mission. The com \- munity waa under great obligation to Mr. B. Short, who originated this movement and zealously la. , bonred to set it on foot. What bsB boen , done in London by its means may be dona here ; , and if they bestirred themselves at tba different churches . and helped to preserve souls, their own sonia would be , watered with the love of God ; the piety of the people . around them wonld be quickened, and their own. And ¡ ta prayed that Gad in His mercy would grant it BO. . The resolution waa then put and carried. *" The Rev. Mr. Burra then propcaad the following re ; a:Iution:-" That this meeting, reoogniaing the impor ' tines of such an institution as eminently flited by the Divine blessing to promote tbe glery of i God and tbe salvation of souls, cordially pledges Itself to do everything in its power to sustain its efficiency." In proposing the reso. ' lotion which bsd been assigned to him, he was glad lo . find that the scheme of the city miision hid striven and succeeded. In looking over the report read, they could , not but say, godspeed the institution. He felt deeply 1 interested in tbe movement, as si! ho bid in life he owed to the London City Mission. If they but knew the ; emoant of crime and sin accumulated in thia city, they would use ail their endeavours to forrard euch an insti- tution ss they were sssembled to inaugurate. Ha liked an institution of the kind, for it was the means of uniting all bodies of Christians together, and would ! tend to put an end to tbe divisions among (bern, which .were a disgrace to them. The rev. gentleman spoke at ecnsiderabls length on the good snob an institution would be calculated to promote, and , \ urged upon them the desirability of doing all io their power to forward its Interests.1 : He bad muob pietra in propoaing tba rea- Juiion. ? ? . - ? ? j Mr.- CIXDWEIX, in seconding the resolution, said ¡ tbi it gave bim great pleaanre to fake part in ibe proeeer iogB of tbe night. Tbia waa not tba first Attempt of tb kind whiob had been made in S.dney. Referecoe ba been made to Mr. Pidgeon, and tbat gentleman deservei tbe wirmett tbanka of tbe community. (Hear, hear. It waa not generally known that tba ladies of Sydue; had, at their own ezpenae, employed a female mission ary. Reference bad been made to the Sunday momio; breakfast meetings. Tn ey bad been originated by a let earnest men, who bad done it ont of pure love to theil felloe .saan-thoae who had cone else to oars for them and who were spurned and saorned by society. Thi luven bal bern at woik, and from these Sunday morn iog breakfasts had emana cd the idea of the citj mission. Mr. JOY proposed the next resolution, wbioh was at follows :-" That the following gentlemen be the com mittee for tbe ensuing year-Reverends Thomas Smith J. Eggleston. Or. Lang. 8. C. Kent, B. Hartley. W. AU. worth. Dr. Fullerton, Jomes Voller, Adam Thomson, J. B. M Care. 3. Manton, J. E. Vetch, P. P. Agnew. W M'lutyre, N. Pidgeon, J. Sullivan, A. M'Arth'ur, Ksq., MjL.0.; Thom is Holt. Esq .M.L.A- ; John Caldwell, E«q, M.L.A.; Mr. Justice Wise, John Fairfax, Esq.; Edward Joy, E-q. ; T. Biobardaon, E'q.; and Messrs. B. J, Horiiimao, fetepbon Goold, T. B. Rollo, G. K. Oliver, |B. Short, and G. H. Goodlet!." Beferenoe bad been made to the Bagged School, and nothing could be more in keeriogwith tbe objeotaof tbat institution than this society, Tbe moro peopU knew a' these separate institutions, the more tbey would see that their ol-jeota wera aimilar, although the labouiB and tbe labourers were different. He would like to see male agent« employed SB visitors ; but wonld be disappointed ir a nimber of female visitors were not engaged in this werk, for men could DO! poasibly ba so useful in many instances aa could women, with tbeir womanly aymp>> bi H and knowledge of what waa required. The speaker went on to men ion s number of instances io wbioh the work- ings of the r<gged schools bad been productive of mach good, by the reformation ol many wbo bad fallen into habits of vloe and orime. Tb» Rev. Mr. AGNEW briefly aeoonded tba resolution. Toe CuAiajtiH stated that be must, in oanseqa?coe of the many calls an bis time, decline to become a member of ibe committee. Mr. M'AHTRUB stated that a slip of paper had been placed in bis band, stating that a gentleman on the plat, form had offered to support a female city miasionary if he wiiuid Bapport a male missionary ; be, however, answered tbe challenge by making another, namely, that if any twenty men in the city .wquld give from ¿'35 to £50 per annum to this sosiety, he would make one of che twenty. He then proposed a vote of tbanka to tbe Chair, man, wbiob waa seconded by tbe Bev. Mr. Hartley, «ad carried by acclamation. Tb . meeting, although rather sainty at first, be. ame erowdrd (miora it concluded, . A ls ter of apology waa received from Dr, Lang, re- gretting his inability tn attend. The doxology waa song, and tte meeting closed with | tb« ben< diction by the Bev. Jobn Reid. Mo previous notice or proposition bad been mada for a collection ; bat about £11 waa givan for the orjeota of tbe miision at the door, besides £9 tot tba Sunday I morning breakfasts. 