DOEST1CKS UPON CRICKET. A sarcastic New York writer, jealous of tbo prowess of Englishmen in tbeir national game of Cricket, somo years ago threw off and published his spleen as follows : — ' I have heard a good deal about the manly sports of ' Merrie England,' and bave always had a great respect for experts in the athletic games of the Britishers. Cricket has been spe cified as requiring the greatest possible quickness of eye and activity of limb, and I have heretofore looked upon it as a glorious sport, full of intense though inocunus excitement. In my lamb like innocence I have always, until yesterday, supposed cricket to be a diversion, an amusement, a pastime, a holiday recreation, and nothing but ocular demonstration could have con vinced me ot my great mistake. Two famous elevens were to play a match at Hoboken ; crack men on both sides ; heavy bets ; sporting world prophesy in; great things ; resolved to go ; did go ; am disappointed, and may say, disgusted. Crioket is not a game ; it is a popular fallacy to Buppose it is ; but it is a solemn ceremony periodi cally performed with tbe greatest se riousness by deluded Englishmen who think they are having fun. Fun 1 A cricketer has no more appreciation of genuine/im than a dead jackass has of a fancy hornpipe. Grim are the crick eters, and desponding, smileles, dejected forlorn, and bil ious. Tho Pilgrim Fathers, holding an out door prayer meeting on a side hill, in fonr feet of snow in the middle of February, were a gay set of jolly dogs, compared to these rueful cricketing Englishmen, out fora day's pleasure. A New York mur dor trial, or a Kentucky hanging match would be a roaring farce by tbo side of tho sportive tragedy of ' these two crack elevens. The ghost of Hamlet's father, and the spectre of the murdered Banquo, talking over their private matters at midnight, by the light of blue fire, would look gay and festive wheu likened to the Hoboken cricket ground, with a match in progress. Crioket! well, hereafter when I want a eynomque for all that is intolerably dull and stupid, I shall say, Cricket. When I want to express a grand climax of spiritless de jection, I shall remark, Cricket. When I desire to say of some man against whom I have a mortal spite, that he is grim-visaged, jauudiced, melancholic, dismal and fiat, I shall simply call him a cricketer, and then I shall dodge. And if any man accuses me in like manner, I bIjbII take out a warrant for defamation of character, and sue him for maliciously damaging my reputation to a huge extent. 'I weut to Hoboken, with Damp hool, who, although an American, is a criclceter. He told me I would see great sport. Got to tbe ground, stowed myself under a tree, while Damphool went to the club-bouse to attire liini self. Presently ho appeared again, dressed in white flannel from head to foot. He had a jockey oap on his head and buckskin slippers on his feel. Just before the game commenced he tied a bedquilt on each leg, and put on some leather gloves. Then tho people took bheir plaoes, the men who were not bowling all took the same position, with their hands on their knees, and their chins elevated at an angle of 45 degree Then the umpire called out ' play,, then the bowler, a disheartened-looking man, took up the ball, which was as bard as a brick, and threw it with all his might at a lugubrious individual with a two- handed pudding - stick in his grasp, who stood in front of some little sticks which were stuck in the ground like an unfinished hen coop. There were two melancholy bowlers, too drooping batsmen, and two unfinished hen coops. When the de jected man saw the ball coming, he made a poke at it with his pudding, stick, but didn't hit it ; then he Badly rested from bis labours, while a number of doleful men on the other side wea rily sought for the ball, Then the other bowler with a sad countenance threw the ball at the other gloomy batsman, who made another dispirited poke at it with his pudding stick ; this time he hit it ; then he ran to wards the other hen coop, while the man at his end ran to his hen coop. Then tbe marker put down one mark for his side ; then they all rested in desponding silence for five minutes; during which time everybody kept re ligiously mournfully still. I expected to hear some one lead in prayer or begin an exhortation, or commence reading the Burial Service, or somo in spiring thing of tbat kind ; but no ons volunteered any amusement, and pretty soon the downcast players re sumed the mysteries of cricket. There was more throwing at the hen coop and pretty soon one was knocked down! Then the batsman, who ought to have Btood before it and stopped tho ball with tho bed quilts on his legs, was' declared to be 'out'. Then he retired discomfited, while the rest of his eleven set up a dismal groan, Then Dansphool went in and took the pudding stick. Then the grave man threw the ball at Damphool. Damphool poked at it manfully ; then he ran for the other hen coop, and tbe man who presided at the other pudding stick ran for his lion coop. The bed quilts on Damphool's legs interfered with big speed, and he didn't get alorg very fast ; so tbo man pensively took the ball and knocked down Damphool's hen' coor ; then Danphool was 'out.' They persevered in this jocularity until sunset, at which time the funeral atate of things came to an end. Then the eleven whose pudding stick men had made the most journeys between the hen coops, were declared the winners : they then untied tbe bed quilts from their Iegf, took off their flannels, and went home. This is all there is of the game of cricket. It may be a very brisk amusement for some men ; but I would as soon think of taking a plea. sure ride in a hearse, or going to a dozen pedestrian funeral?, for a day's p'easure, as of participating in the gloomy ceremonies of cricket for the same length of time.' 