VAMKJE'fffiES A Military Road— One that is full of oart-ridges. An old maid, speaking of marriage, says it is like any other disease— while there'B life there's hope. Can a man with wooden legs be considered a 'foot passenger. Mr biinkins, viewing an old maid from the confines of her crinoline, the other day, prettily observed, ' 'Tto distance lends enchantment to the view.' We ascertain the qualities of a bell by ringing it. A young man had better learn the qualities of a bells before ringing her. A farmer's son, during a lesson in astronomv, wa asked by the teacher if bo knew what was meant by the milky way. Ho indignantly replied, ' Why, sir, 'tis the whey as comes irom the cheese.' Frenchman in a passion ' By Gar, you call my vifs a voman two three several times once more, an' I viU call call you the polease house, and blow out your brains like a caudle.' A ceutleman, in advertising ior a wife, says — 1 It would be as well if the lady were possessed of a compe tency sufficient to secure her against excessive grief in case of accideot occurring to her companion.' At a printer's festivnl the following toast was given 'The editor and the lawyer— the devil is satisfied with the copy of the former, but requires the original oi the latter.' The late Earl Dudley wound up an elegant tribute on the virtues of a deceased friend with these words 'He was a good man— an excellent man ; he had the best melted butter I ever tasted in my life.' A poor fellow who pawned his watch says that he raised money with a lever. 'Mister, how do you sell your beef this morning t' ' Why, uinepence a pound, how much will you have V ' Ninepence, cli ! have you got a heart?' 'No, justsold it.' ' Well, I just know'd you could'nt have e heart an ax ninepence for beef.' In London, died recently, Miss Viiette, aged 82. This lady is believed to have been the last survivor of the ac tors in the Gordon riots in 1780. A small actor, truly, for she could then have been only one year old. Miss Villette was the daughter of the ordinary of Newgate, and when the prison was attacked by the ' No Popery' mob, she was held up as a Aug of truce to the rioters, in order to induce them to desist from the attack. The Americans boast of a man so benevolent that he used to hold an umbrella over a duck in a shower. If you want to know a woman's true character, linger after the guests have gone, and listen to what Bhe has to say about them. Macaulay said that prize essays were very much akin to prize sheep?, the latter being only fit to make candles, and the former to light them, Spurzheim, lecturing on phrenology, said, 'What is to be called the organ of drunkenness?' 'The barrel, organ,' interrupted Banister. Why is a conundrum that nobody can guess like B ghost? ' Shall I tell you now or next month Now, is you please.1 ' Well, sir, because sooner or later everybody must give it up,' 'Sam, do you know why this stick of wood you arc sawing is like the elephant that was here last week?'— ' I'll he hanged if I can see any resemblance. Why Is it, Bill ? ' Because you saw it, to be sure.' Cicero said of a man who had ploughed tip the ground in which his father was buried, ' Hoc est vera colere monumentum patris.' (This is really to cultivate one's father's memory.) A short man became attached to a tall woman, and somebody said that he had fallen in love with her. ' Do you call it falling in love?' said the suitor : it's morelike climbing up to it.' A lady having spoken sharply to Dr Parr, apologised by saying, ' It was the privilege of women to talknon- sense ' The Doctor replied. ' No, madam, it is not their privilege, but their infirmity. Ducks would walk if they could, but nature suflers them only to waddle.' Prior to 1685, the butchers oi London in disposing of bullock bides to the fellmongers, were accustomed to leave on the tails. The French refugees however, bought them up, and introduced into use the nutritious dish called ox-tail soup. Jerrold was enjoyiug a drive one day with a well- known spendthrift. ' Well, Jerrold,' said a driver of a very fine pair of grays, 'what do you think of my grays?' ' To tell you the truth,' Jerrold replied, « I was just thinking or your dun3.' A Baptist minister, in Wiltshire, having been invited to a wedding breakfast, declined, giving the following as his reason : — ' That his position in society and his principles would be compromised by sitting down with a surpclied priest.' A son of the Emerald Isle, once riding to market with a sack of potatoes before him, discovered that his horse was getting tired ;whereupon he dismounted, put the potatoes npon his shoulder, and again mounted, saying 'It was better he should carry the praties, as he was fresher than the poor baste.' Charles Lamb once said to a brother player, Martin Burney, whose hands were none of the cleanest, ' Mar tin, if dirt were trumps, what a fine hand you would have.' Mrs Chibbles has great ideas of her husband's military powers. ' For two years,' says she, ' he was lieutenant m tho horse marines, after which he was promoted to the captaincy of a regular squad of fine eapheads and minors.' Those who ore always peering into the affairs of their neighbours constitute a very meau sort of a Peer age. A gentleman having a horse that ran away and broke bis wife's neck, was told by a neighbour that he wished to purchase it for his wife to ride upon. ' No,' said the wretch. ' I intend to marry again myself.' A man with a large family was complaining of the dif ficulty of supporting all of them. 'But,' said a friend, ' you have some big enough to earn something for you now.' ' The difficulty is,' said the man, ' they are too big to work.' A shop was broken opeD one night, but strange to say, nothing was carried off. The proprietor was ma king bis boast of it, at the same time expressing his sur prise at losing nothing. ' Not at all surprising,' said his neighbour, ' the robbers lighted a lamp, did'nt they ?' 'Yes,' was the reply. ' Well,' continued the neighbour ' they found your goods marked so high that they could'nt afford to take them. Common revenge is a momentary triumph, the satis faction of which dies at once, and is succeeded by re morse ; whereas forgiveness, which is the noblest of all revenges, entails a perpetual pleasure. It was well said by a wise Roman Emperor, that he wished to put an end to all his enemies by converting them into friends. The more a man works the less time he will have to grumble about bard times. He that studieth revenge keepeth his own wounds green, The desire of knowledge is not more natural than tho desire of communicating it. It derives its only value from that circumstance. The following appears at the Twigg Folly Bridge, Bethual Green- 'Take notice, any persons trespassing are requested to bring their coffins with them. Faith, said an Irishman, who could not got into his cabin at Ballingarty, his wife having turned the key upon him,: faith, "but I'm regularly -locked in 1 In! said his companion, in where .' Why, in the street, to be sure. Grace is to the body what good sense is to the mind. He that is a good man is three quarters of his way to— wrrds the being a good Christian, wheresoever ho lives- or whatsoever im is called. Men have a touchstone whereby to try gold, but gold is a touchstone whereby to try men. A man's house should he on the hill top of cheerfulness- and serenity, so high that no shadows rest upon it, and where the morning comes so early, and the evening tar ries so late, that the day has twice as many hours as- those of other men. Vicious habits are so great a stain to human nature,- and to odious in themselves, that every person actu ated by right reason would avoid them, though he- were sure they would be always concealed from both God and man, and had no future punishment entailed upon them. 