THE PURGATORY OF LOCAL MEMBER-ISM. (From the Weekly Dispatch.) The main thoroughfares of Sandhurst arc be coming absolutely dangerous, notwithstanding a vigilant police and the benefit of gas light. For the last fortnight no man with a decent coat upon his back has been able to pass along the streets without running the risk of being stuck up, and called upon to staud—as. a candidate for the Boroughs. There is a case quoted by one of Shnkspeare's; clowns—for chapter and verse consult Councillor Macartney—where a; young lady was married as slie went to the garden to get parsley to stuff a rabbit. ' So in Sandhurst at this present moment a man may leave his wife and family in the morn ing atid go down to his bank to pay. in his surplus Cash, or, as is.more- likely, to put in his paper for discount—he may start from his home a happy and hopeful man, and he may come back to his weeping household undone, a member of/the Assembly in prospective, and pledged mean'tiriie to issue an address to the electors, to do the drud gery of a political perambulation through the public-houses of .the? town, to make> more: or less an exhibition of himself upon platforms and hust ngs, to make bad' speeches, to bear with a grin upon liis face, but with misery in his soul, the badgering ' and -the chaff of the free and most certainly independent voters—lastly, to arrive at the beginning of tliq. end through the medium of the ballot-box; happy if he only knew it—if [ placed at the bottom of the poll.;; For the first and shortest folly is the best. A defeated candi date may put his hands in his pocket and go his ways whistling under the very noses of liberal committees, or of committees- who are the other thing. ' His real friends will congratulate him, as though, he had been tried for his life and escaped hanging; the wife of his bosom Avill. throw her arms about his .neck, - and 'be thankful that her husband i .. is,. , no M.L.A.; , [his little children piously brought up by. their sensible : and tender mother, in fear and hatred of that horrible Assembly, more than of the bogie, lurking up the chimney, or of the ghost chattering out side the verandah door, will cling to his knees and welcome home their father as one snatched from the burning. These are the consolations of the disappointed, but woe unto the candidate who is returned. Forthwith does his soul rise above sugar and candles; he goes1 down to Melbourne to play the part of a man1 about town.' Every post brings him a basket' full of letters from his constituents, some chock full of advice and sug gestion, some bursting with grievances, more insisting upon his immediately providing frtr them in the post-office or the customs or the railway— they will take, £200 a-vear to. begin witli-^-and ali these letters miist be answered by lvtum of post, and franks being no more, postage stamps at 4d; each' cost every popular member more, than the keep of a pair of horses. , By day; our new legislator kicks his heels in theante- chambers ot the Governs me.nt offices. The M.L.A. is an introduction certainly, but it is scarcelj' pleasant to see the " wlio the (blank) are you ?" legibly written' in the interrogative expression:on»the countenances of heads of departments; .Our:/spick and span new legislator gets bowed out^of the Govern ment offices j but to bow; himself into .the, inner circle of politicali society, he finds not so easy. He inust'do' something ,'to'keep up appea.rance5.—in stead of his up-country,villa?—slabs"or weather-' -'board the walls, and iron or zinc the roof, .maybe— he.musthave a house of anany apartments in the . Royal Crescent, or an elegant suburban retreat— ;carriage-drive' ;and jail—amongst the aristocracy iwho dwell upon the southern bank of the Yarra. Instead of chopping hi.s own firewood, and lend ing a hand to nurse the latest born of the babies, hei , finds it necessary to have • a-: cook with: crinoline, a housemaid with a Garibaldi, perhaps a page with many buttons, possibly a man, to make himself generally useful—to keep up tlie: spirits of the female domestics, and to lower liis master's, to keep down the stock of the larder, and for the honor of the house to drink himself into a' chronic state of uncertainty of limb and of thick ness of utterance. Meantime, balance at bank steadily descends, business up country goes .to the dogs, wife objects to late hours, and domestic peace is the legislator's nj more. The tranquil pleasures of home are gone, and in their place there are the long hours of tedious polishing the ' cushions of the benches of the " House," the un wholesome use of the parliamentary " hour;"; with bar and dining-room so convenient, the attempts to be in the fashion, and to do parlia mentary dinners at his own house—dinners which cost" lots of money, but which are rather ■failures; than' otherwise, from the fact that u^ori\these; occasions the cook is generally drunk ' upon the stairs. G;uests—all polite at the dinner table— affect to swallow the mpekest of mock turtle, . cold, half- sodden and greasy, to .eat poultry as old as their grandfathers, and joiiits raw enough to turn the stomach of a cannibal, or so burnt up as, , to disgust a stoker. More domestic: misunder standings. Next .comei maiden„ speech :, .lion.: members listen politely for the first-.,, two minutes; new legislator goes on, and his sole auditor is thenceforth .himself.. The Hon. the Speaker, apparently attentive to ; the truggling orator, thinks of the happy days of child -ood ; hon. members slink away one by one • to the benign presence of Mrs. Gregory; ; those who remain chat together in little knots amongst themselves upon indifferent subjects, loud enough for the gallery to participate in the enjoyment of the latest bit of news, and of the latest scandal; Reporters shut up their books, and resolve them selves into a free- and easy. Honorable: legislator talks his hour or so and sits down, to the' general relief, never to rise again. Wretched man, 'he spoke for an hour, and the Argus next day dis poses of him thus:—Mr. A., or B., or C.yor D.,( as the case may be, supported the motion in a feW; words ! Poor Mr. Green, what shall he do now ? . If he be deficient in self- knowledge, lie sticks to^a career which costs him money, which he can ill. afford, which troubles his domestic happiness, and: , the end is that he is sent back to his constituents, by a dissolution at the end of a year or two, finds; > many enemies where be left all friends, meets with thanks nowhere, and reaps a plentiful cropof: abuse in all quarters, puts up again, and is de feated by some newer and sillier man than him self. . . : • Is there any exaggeration in this: sketch ot a political career? We think not; we^ are rather of opinion that we mighty have drawn with a freer hnnd, and laid the colors thicker, on. What a farce, then, is this seeking to impress simple-minded men ;is mem bers for the Assembly. We verily and truly be lieve that the worst and most deadly enemy of a man could not invoke a more bitter curse upon him than that he should go into Parliament. Disappointment in all cases, and ruin in many cases, must he the inevitable result to a man who goes into the Assembly without an independent income of his own. It is a delusion to suppose that none but local men can protcct local in terests ; this is the idea of the narrow-minded. What is wanted first of all in a representative, is that his personal circumstances shall be such as >o entitle him to respect in social and political circles. It' will be the fault of the constituency if electing a man of high character, of average talent and of independent means, they do not keep 'him up to the nnrlc. We-consider that it is' mere cruelty to force a local man into a position which will entail upon himself sacrifices which no man ou-'ht to be asked to make, and upon his constituents disappointment in the long run ■ t nnv be a vexatious thing to confess that, well to do as we are, we arc not rich enough to raise the small crop of even two local representatives. It is of no u=e, however, to disguise the lact for fact it is—that local representatives are amongst the lux uries of life, and we must learn to do without them until better times. 