SACRED HEART YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. The inaugural lecture of the winter season was very appropriately given by the Spiritual Director if the Society, Fathfer Sheridan ; and the subject was one chosen with equal judgment, the title of it being 'Young Men's Societies and Guilds.' Not withstanding the unfavourable state of the weather, ihe rain conning on just as most persons were leaving their homes, the large hall was completely tilled, and the lecture listened to throughout with deep attention. On the platform ve observed the Very Rev. Dean Lynch, the Rev. Fathers Luckie, Cooke, Martin, and k. Walsh, JJr. Uailey, the President and ex- President of the Society, Sec, Sea. The President having briefly introduced the lecturer, . . The Rev. gentleman, who was received with loud cheers, commenced by saying that at the request 'of the members of the Australian Catholic Young Men's Society who had some claims upon him, he had promised to give what they flatteringly termed the opening lecture of the season, but he must say that his address would be more the bringing before them his views upon a most important subject, occupying at pre sent the whole Catholic world — namely, Catholic ? nn;oii;nn This pi eat movement is one of the happiest results of trHe, practical, religious feeling and sentiment. He would run rapidly over some of the many bright, instructive pictures which the annals of Christianity have preserved for us of the zeal and exemplary achievements of youth in various periods of Catholic history. — We may assume, at the very threshold, that it is nrtural for young men to associate together for high and glorious objects. Youth was full' of generous and ardent impulses. Would not these impulses degene rate into a hard and worldly selfishness, or towards some unworthy object, unless a noble and elevating influence lift them above the mean and perishable ? Where can young men meet such influences more unmistakeably than in those Associations foun ded for the greater glory of God and of His Church, and for the improvement of the faculties given us by the great Creator ? In Australia, we possess, more than in any other country, every advantage to encroach upon any other denomination. The Church has always placed great reliance upon the energies and zeal of young men, especially when they are employed in promoting the interests of Catholicity ; and for this reason she has always been anxious to enlist the sympathies and secure the services of her youth in the cause of Religion. He could cite many examples from Greek and Roman writers showing how (even in Pagan times) the highest pride of the young man, whether Patrician or Plebeian, was to serve the gods — to honour their ?emple* — to defend their fanes. This was the prompting of Nature — the working of the soul, though trammelled, not all controlled, by the dark superstition of the ape — the mysterious desire of the young man for the perfect, which is in itself a strong proof of the immortality of the 3oul which reigns within us. In those times, there was no such difference between the son of the rich man and the son of the poor. The son of a Roman citi zen, whether patrician or plebeian, could bear arms around the temple of Minerva; and eveiy freeborn maiden was eligible to be raised to the dignity of Vestal Virgin. The following quotation shows that veuth was a period of life looked upor with reve rence by pagan philosophers : — ?' Maxima debetur pueris revereutia.11 Must it not be a source of con aolation to ever, high-minded young n an to feel that he belongs to a brigade, Irish or Australian, whose pride and whose glory it is to surron a ana to de tenu1 the Sanctuary. Ecclesiastical history aud poetry is replete in th« illustrations of this develop ment oi heart and mind in Catholic youth. In the middle ages, the sods of the poor especially took part in the grand ceremonial of the Church. In those days of faith, of true philanthropy sprang up Holy Guilds. The various vocations -? f s cular life formed themselves into sodaliites or associations for mutual temporal, as well as spiritual advantages; and Religion like a kind and good mother, blessed and encouraged all. What a happiness for the labouring man after his week's toil to join on the Sunday alongside of the rich man, in some procession and praise God in God's temple. In theBe mediaeval Guilds young meu and boys formed a chief element; and gallant was the bearing, and lofty were the aspirations of these brave young sons oi the church. They forgot what we, in this cold and hard-hearted age call stein labour, and cherished on earth thoie heavenly aspi rations which seem to be the very health of the youthfful soul. The m. gentleman went on to — — ?— ?—— ?— M^—— — - p ove how the church in her ritual shows theater - ilerest love for youth, how in her, processions at- tie *ltar, and at. each ceremony she employ* youth, uid thus she induces children from theiT first useof reason to turn their eyes to heaven. Our Divine Saviour has on several occasions shown a partiality for young men. His beloved disciple, St. John the Evangelist, was the youngest of the Apostles. At the miracle of the loaves and fishes, the services of a young man were demanded. Father Sheridan here quoted some beautiful lines from Digby's Compitum, or the meeting of the Catho lie ways in the Catholic Church, bearing on this subject. Having seen that it is natural for young men to band themselves together round the Sanctuary, can it be wondered at that associations to promote virtue, intelligence, and brotherly love should spring up amongst them. These are the very societies that young men should join, protect and encourage. A French writer dis cussing this subject says, 'What do young men love? they love life under the name of youth. God is youth and life. Beauty is splen dour. God is the painter who has given to beauty these marvelous tints. God is the universal artist. You can love nothing which you do not love in God. You cannot taBte a single perfection of anything or of an amiable being of which he is not the sum and source, not an agreablp thought which does not spring from him, the focus of intelligence. You think and you feel in Him and by Him. The ideal is God seen through art or by reflexion; Jhe uiusic Mozart heard, the beauty which Raphoel saw, the harmony which Tasso caught, all these were seen and heard in God.' These words prove that youth can never even partially realise its ideal anless it tarn to God. The lecturer then read the beautiful poem by Longfellow embodying the longing of a yonng man for the perfect; . The shades of night were falling fast, As through an alpine village passed A youth who bore 'mid snow and ice, A banner with tfce strange device. Excelsior. The youth alluded to in the above words is on the right royal road, he meets with temptation but he overcomes them. (Here the lecturer read through the poem.) The key to the youthful mind was again discovered tending towards the noble and the elevated ; unless it be corrupted, unless the per nicious influences of bad company turn it from its way, it easily soars upwards. Some interesting ex tracts were here read from the works of Kenelm Digby, bearing on the same subject. The estab lishment of Young Men's Societies was the natural ? ..!«. nt n nrnninir dpsirfi for uninn jimnncr fVio Catholics of the mother country, which has already found its way into all parts of the world, and even to Australia. There never was a time when union among Catholics was more desirable than the pre sent, and when everything that could mar this union should be carefully avoided, such as petty jealousies, local bickerings, disagreements, or pecu. Hat whims which should never be tolerated, and which tend materially to blast the brightest pros pects of the great cause of Catholic organiiation in this theii adopted country. In this age we must progress, for if we are inert and our dissenting friends advance, the consequences will be disastrous to us. The best way of showing our attachment to religion is by joining one of the Soeieties or Guilds, to which if they are all faithful they secure a power irresistible, because it is the power of omnipotence. Both here and at home the establishing of one of these Young Men's Societies had caused a social resolution truly astonishing, and it engenders a feeling in favour of practical Catholicity.. Where these Societies existed could be seen bodies of young men approaching Holy Communion together. The effects of them upon thousands of families, who aie now happy, and who would have otherwise been wretched, were manifest. If the members of the Society are only faithful to the pledge they have taken, they will be so many missionaries — so many ministers of truth against falsehood, of right against wrong, of temperance against sensuality, and of God against the Devil. This Society was the cause of so much happiness reigning in families where, too frequently, brawls and disgraceful scenes had been wit nessed. Their Society being the first established in Australia, much was expected from them. Father Sheridan then read from the address delivered by the Very Reverend and distinguished founder at a General Conference held in Limerick, to the effect that grace and peace with God, which supposed the regular approach to the bacaments, was the first and fundamental condition. They weie essentially religious in their organization, in their means, and in their ends. One moment's cessation of their of the diocese resolved them into their original unities — they ceased to be an organized Catholic Young Men's Society. The second condition was a division into guilds, whose operations were to be constantly aggressive, so that they may be rendered a porJon of them. The third and most important condiiioH was an entire dependance upon the Spiri tual Director appointed by the Bishop. Unless toned down by this power, there would be constant bickerings: the foiled would become hostile, and t-i-,f- snoresRfnl nrnuH. The want of this ahsolute controlling power was the cause of the decay of most organizations. The Rev. lecturer quoted from an adiiress delivered by his Grace the Archbishop to the Catholic Young Men's Society of the Sacred Heart, at oue ot their meetings, in which. he re viewed the hist ry of organization, proving that all schemes, unless mellowed with the spirit ol humility and ol the Church, must come to naught. Like the balloon— which, as it inflates, indicates impatience to quit the earth and to throw off all control; it obtains the desired liberty ; it rises ; it ia admired ; it careers along for awhile ; the infla tion becomes exhausted ; it falls — a flattened thing ; its artificial life is exhausted;— so all Societies in organization with the Church must be one wHh the Church. These were the three essential conditions of their Society, which had received the blessing oi the Sovereign Pontiff. These were the essential rules which the Holy Father had appioved ; and with them alone were connected the indulgences which formed the treasury the Church had granted to the Society. Their Society could not be per verted to any other object but the one indicated by the rules. They never could continue to be a Young Men's Society and cease to be standing side by side with those whom the Holy Ghost had placed over the ChuTch — the Bishops. No doubt, the Young Men's Societies were destined by the Almighty as an agency for effecting a great refor mation in the hearts and homes of the people throughout the world. In concluding, the lecturer made a strong appeal to the young men to complete ?, ^ the good woik. which they had begun by manifesting the same spirit which characterised their early en. deavours. He implored all present to join one or other of the Societies or Guilds. The happiness they will enjoy — the instruction they will derive— the healthy amusement that will be open to them— will abundantly repay tbeir devotion to so good a cause, and prove to the world that virtue, intelligence, truth, brotherly love, and love of the Holy Catholic Church can flourish vigorously amongst them. The Very Rev. Dean Lynch, (who was received with the greatest enthusiasm) said that he had much pleasure in acceding to the request of the Presideut, to propose a vote of thanks for the able, affectionate, and useful address to which they had just listened. He had come there to be a listener, but, like the 'old clock, if he were wound up, he would gostill.and sbhe generally found something to say on such occasions, (Cheers and laughter.) Whatever he said that night he said with the sincere desire that the Society might flourish and prosper. The objects of such. Societies had been sufficiently dilated on, but the mention of Dr. O'Brien's name had carried him back to his early college days, when they were class fellows together, and when he (Dr. O'B.) was pri mus inter primos. The Dean, as every Irishman did, looked with interest on every project which, had. for its object the welfare, spiritual or temporal, of his native country, and he ranked the introduction of Young Men's Societies next to tbe Temperance Movement in Ireland. Indeed, one had paved the way foi the other ; ; for nothing could be done with a drunkard, as his own parochial experience amply proved. By such movements, he trusted that Ireland would regain the place she once held amongst the nations, eminent for knowledge as well as for sanctity; and it only required such a voice as Dr. O'Brien's to resuscitate the love of learning for which Ireland was. once so famous. The more the people were educated, the more brilliantly would they illustrate the glories and benign influences of religion. The Dean then concluded by impressing on the Soc'ety the necessity of implicit obedience to the injunc tions of their Spiritual Director; and so long as selfishness and peculiar views were excluded, fhe blessing of God would rest on them, and the Society which had been the first established in the colony would not be the firBt to fade away. (Loud choers.: , The Rev. J. Powell briefly seconded the vote which unanimously carried amid loud applause. .?- The Rev. Father Sheridan then returned thanks expressing his gratitude for the kind manner in which his efferts had been received. He repudiated the notion of being a professed lecturer ; he' had simply attended to incorporate Dr. O'Brien's sentiments and he trusted that they would be not the less appreciated; Father S. concluded by ex pressing his gratification at Dean Lynch's presence tliPt evening, who had himself established a most flourishing Young Men's Society at West Maitland, and announced that at the request of the members of the Society, Mr. Merewether had consented to deliver a lecture on ' Ecclesias tical^Symblism' in about three weeks time, an announcement which was received very warmly by the audience. The President (Mr. McMenemy) and the ex- President (Mr. Parker) then briefly addressed the assemblage, calling attention to the approoching Tea meeting and Concert on Whit Monday, which promised to outvie every previous entertainment which had been given in the district, and the audience then separated. Saint Yinoent's Ball. — A meeting of gentlemen favourable to this undertaking was held last evening at the Metropolitan Hotel; M.r. Forster, the member for New England, was voted to the chair. Mr. Hurley, on behalf of che gentle men who were requested to inspect the roo;a placed at their disposal by Mr. C. Moore, repeated that, in their opinion, it was a most appropriate place for holding the Ball ; and he moved a resolution, that the Annual Ball in sid of the funds of St. Vincent's Hospital be held on Tuesday, the 17th of June, in the rooms kindly lent by Mr. C. Moore, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Alexander uxuuic naa men a^jfii'iincu ucaouivij »u« ***i. n . Dolman Secretary. A Committee of the gentlemen present, with power to add to their number, was then appointed ; and the tickets were fixed at the same price as last year — the gentlemen, one guinea; the ladies, fifteen shillings. The Secretary was requested to convey to Mr. C. Moore the thanks of tha Committee, and to inform him that his offer had been accepted. It was further ar ranged that circulars be forwarded to all the gentle men who lent their assistance on the last occasion, requesting their co-operation on the present. The chairman with Dr. Milford and Mr. Hurley were appointed to wait upon His Excellency, requesting his patronage and that of Lady Young to the forth coming ball. The meeting was then adjourned till next Friday. 