In our desire to advocate the interests of the Catholics of this colony, we have had occa Bion lately to call attention to the extraordi nary position assumed by Mr. Leary, when mettsun 8 affecting them have been brought under the consideration of the Legislature. On the Matrimonial Causes Bill he enun ciated opinions totally inconsistent an! in cpmoatible with the tenets of the religion of which, until within the last few days, he professed himself a member. We perceive that he bus written to cortect the Empire's report of nis speech on the second reading of the Bill to Prohibit Future Ghauts for Public Worship, in which he is represented to have- described himself as a member of the Church of England; but if he has not taken that step we know what he ought not to call himself — and that is a member of the Church ot Rome, for although he may not yet nave, shaken off the name of Catholic, the spirit which animates the children of the Church ia not in him, he has joined him self with those who do all in their power to ?vilify nod degrade the Catholic Church, and according to tbe best of his small ability he renders, them' what assistance he can' in their object, Tt may gratify the excessive vanity of Mr; Leary to be patted on the back' by the party into whose ranks he has cast 'himself, to be told what a fine liberal fellow he? isj so much above the paltry pre judic?jg;i)f the sect to which he has the mis fortune to belong ; but blinded by a sense. oi his ciVu importance, .he is unable to per eire, like most men who turn traitors to their principles, that he is d'-spised at the same time that he ia made a convenient tool of by the party with which he has identified hi naelf. We have sometimes seen how, through the application of a galvanic batteryj directed by^t^e hand of a skilful op ratof, the limbs and carcass of an animal n ssessing no vitality of its own are made to S-ume all the appearances, and to perorm some of the functions of independent ex istence; the phenomenon continues as long as the operator continues to apply the electric fluid, but no sooner has the wire which was the instrument of producing results so extraordinary been removed than the frame collapses, the limbs falls helplesa, and tV. worthless thing after the purposes of rciences h»vp. been fulfilled, is caet forth to e-ter and de jay. Such will be thy lot, Leary I Tne men into whose hands you have fallen know you far better than you know yourself, they know your weakness, your vanity, your impotent desire to be thought a great man, and they make use of you accordingly. They fool you to the top i of your bent, and when they have squeezed v u dry they will throw the rind into the. itreet. What must have Heen the feelings ot ?v-jry honorable man in the House when on Wednesday night they saw Mr. Leary get up and make bis soee, h on the second reading ol Mr. Cowper's Bill ? Why even those with wJiom le has allied himself must have felt s unething like a feeling of shame come over them when they beard their protege stand up and vilify the clergy of his curch in the di- graceful manner that he did. ^ Tt is good p »Mcy to wash one's dirty linen at horn'1, and even if the Catholic clergy in this c mntry were as bad as they are represented to be by Mr. Leary, every one not entirely dead to all feelings of honour and principle must have felt the indecency of thus publicly parading the faults of the priests of his Church before the world. But we deny his statements most emphatically. No one knows better than himself that they were without foundation. But the speech was made to serve a purpose : it has served it ; and now Mr. Leary can point triumphantly to the division list of Thursday night as a monument to the slanders ne has uttered ag.imst me priest hood of the Catholic Church in this colony. Is it true that ' the effect of State pay upon many of them is indifference and perfect carelessness of their flocks ?' Is it true that ' many of these gentlemen never visit their flocks at all,' except those members of their parishes who give champagne lunches? Is it true that they do very little during the w ek? Now, these statements require no refutation whatever : they are simply, in good, plain, homely Saxon, lies, as any one acquainted with the ordinary every day duties of a Catholic priest knows very well Are there any priests amon*- us who negl-ct the saying of Mass, the administration of the Sacraments, the visiting of the sick, and other duties which occupy so large a portion of the time of a Catholic priest, or even who perform them witi the coldness and indiffe rence attributed to them by Mr. Leary ? If so, let the case be laid before the Arch bishop ; and we will answer for it that no time will be lost in thoroughly investigating the case and redressing the grievance ? If the arrogance and imperiousness of the Ca tholic clergy are so well known to the hon. member, the world ought to be made ac quainted with the names of the men who act so diametrically opposed to the maxims of their Divine Founder and to the principles of their sacred calling ; but we should cer tainly look for much stronger evidence than the mere dictum of Mr. Leary before we gave credence to the charges he brings against them, When Mr, Leary spoke of ? the arrogance and imperiousness of the Ca tholic clergy, one is tempted to believe that he was unconsciously pourtraying some of' his own characteristics — a description that, in the opinion of many persons, would apply with much greater force to himself than to tnose whom he was doing hi3 beat to vilify. Of the arguments of Mr. Leary's speech, very little need be said ; as what was true in them was not new ; and what was new was not true. He attempts to confound State-aid with an Established Church — cases we have shown to be entirely different, if not antagonistic. He attempts to identify the voluntary aid subscribed for Misssionary purposes — services which, in their very nature, must be uncertain and irregular— with the stipend granted to a clergyman in a country in which the religion to which he belongs has become a permanent institution, requiring not the irregular v and uncertain labours of men whose zeal in tho service of religion may in some cases produce abundaiv I fruit—in others, be thrown away upon in I different or unwilling listeners, but the con- I stant and regular exertions of a man whos* whole time must be devoted to the religious instiuction of the people immediately under his charge. Mr. Leary tells us that the vo luntary principle has been adopted in South Australia and Queensland, and that its suc cess has been perfect and complete. By the admission of Mr. Leary, Dr. Murphy suf fered severely bv the withdrawal of State-aid, but according to evidence of some unknown individual, religion is in a more flourishing state in that colony than it ever was before. However, to this anonymous witness we are enabled to oppose Dr. Geogbegan, who on his late visit to Sydney previous to proceeding to Rome, stated on several oc casions that it was with the greatest diffi culty he and his clergy were enabled to meet their expenses, and Dr. Quinn in Queens land complains of precisely the same thing. As Mr. Li-ary has not improbably received a visit from Father M'Donald, of_ New Zealand, he may be in a position to gtite whether religion is so liberally sup ported in that colony.astorenaer.it unne cessary to make any appeal elsewhere for that purpose supeifluous. Certain we are that if any application hasb^en made to Mr, Leary on behalf of the Church of New Zealand, that so warm a supporter of the voluntary prin uiple as himself would not let slip so favourable an opportunity of gjving a prac tical proof of his sincerity in its advocacv. We are very glad to hear from Mr. Leary's own lips, otherwise we might have enter tained some misgivings of the fact, that with he oic resignation he is ready to sacrifice h mself on the altar of principle, and to d--- g end from the dignity of a legislator into tiis original obscurity. We rfjnice at this announcement, because we have every .reason to believe Mr. L*ary will before long be called upon to exercise that submission to tha -W.rAfs of fate, to which he professes himself thoroughly prepared. The loss of Mr. Leary, whose convictions he modestly informs us are based on rectitude, honesty, and truth, (yaluablequaliti'S which we should be glad to see a little more plentifully dis tribnted among our legislators), should he be consigned to private life for the future, may, in his own opinion, be irreparable ;. still,' we do hope the country would manage to sur vive it; indeed, we are not prepated to admit that his loss would not be a public benefit. We eometimes see a fly in the middle of a lump of amber ; and although we don't attach much value to the fly, we wonder how on earth it managed to get there ; and how Mr. Leary and others we could mention managed to thrust themselves forward into the position of legislators is a problem equally dark and mys'erious, and quite as difficult to solve. We hope Mr. L^ary's principles of rectitude, honesty, and truth will enable him to retire with grace and dignity into the. seclusion of private life, where, we have much satisfaction in believ ing, he will speedily be consigned, and ™l, AM.t Its* -r-rr ill V\ ntM fho nr\naiftlatifin fit WUrJlP 11U Will UUVO UI1U \j\^t,A\J\f^va.-'*m -?- r^fltfcting that his patriotism has enabled him to tear asunder the ties of honour and gratitude, and, while still professing to be u member of the Catholic Church, to do whatever lay in his power to slander her priesthood and to cramp her in her endea vours to extend religion and mcr .lity among the people of the colony. Where is Mr. Peter Faucet t? We mean :he honourable and learned member for STass, the gentleman who was returned on Catholic principles, was expected to advo 3ate the Catholic cause in the Legislative Assembly, and to throw his vote in the scale when Catholic interests were endangered. Of late during the earlier part of the after noon, we have observed Mr. Faucett pre senting petitions, asking questions and doing other routine business, but as thr night wore on his voice ceased to resound in our ears, nor could we ever manage to catcW a glimpse of his person. What can be the reason of his continued absence from hi- post? Are his professional duties during the morning of so onerous a nature that his physical powers are unequal to the strain upo the nervous system induced by protracted sit tings in the heated and excited atmospli^r. of tlhe house ? Or arc his ' urgent private affairs' of so important and peremptory »- natjire that even those of his , country must defer to them ? The present week in tli. legjslature has been one of peculiar intereo; to Catholics; a question of vital important to 'the' whole Catholic body,1 and to jtiit clergy in particular, has been under discus- : sion, and one in which the legal acumen and , , ;?, -reat talents of Mr. Faucett might have had considerable weight in influencing the House to arrive at a different decision on . the subject than it has done ; at any rate it is quite certain that if his eloquence had no 1 -ffect, his vote would, and although it is ; probable that in the equal division of the . . ' House which would have ensued, had Mr. r. Fauc* tt voted the Speaker's vote would likely i have been given against the bill. On Mr, Faucett 's vote de{ end^d tho fate of the Mil ? .. and on him, and on him solely rests the responsibility of its having been carried. We have no right whatever to interfere in / ! any way with Mr. Faucett's domestic affairs, , -, but if their demands upon his time interfere with the duties of a legislator, which he has ? voluntarily undertaken, the only consistent !i an-1 honourable course would be to resign his - . seat. If the country entrusts men with the ;;??:. care of their interests, surely it is not too much ' to expect, that they will to the best of their '\ ability endeavour to discharge the solemn . : responsibilities they have undertaken^ or i£ : ; any obstacle stands in the way of their doing bo, that they will give place to otner men, it not better qualified than themselves, who will . ! at last honourably and conscientiously en- :- deavour to discharge the duties they have ? ? ?* bound themselves to perform. We have no. _'::';'i ;- means of knowing what Mr. Faucett's ideas 'tl ,'''i may be of the course he has lately pursued ; with regard to the affairs of the country, or r whether absorbed in other matters more con genial to his taste, he gives himself the ; .,, trouble of thinking about tnem at all ; but : f ?! we suppose the broad principles of common' justice and honour are applicable to a man's public and political, as well as to those of l his private life, and judged by these ,: principles, we maintain that Mr. Faucett's . conduct as a legislator is neither just nor '?'-? honourable— -an insult to his constituents, ? and inconsistent with the duty he owes to the country. It is rumoured that the honcrtible member for Yass made several : attempts to pair off during the late debates, ' ' \ which proved abortive; because every ?...'. member of the, House knew perfectly well . f that, as the clock panted to the hour of six, the legal physiognomy of the hon. member '';! was regularly observed to vanish through , the library door, and was seen to return no more that night. What might be the irre« ?- siKtible. influence which drew the hon. gen tleman so constantly and so regularly frorn, the c uncils of his country we have neither ??? .. . the ui'-ans nor the di-sire of ascertaining ; but this we do know, that a man who cannot remain in his place in the Assembly after six o'clock in the afternoon has no business in the House at all ; and;the sooner . - he is out of it the better We are informed, on good authority, that the other Catholic ' members who did not vote in the division on Thursday night are able to give good, s-*tis- ; | factory reasons for their absence: perhaps Mr. Fiincett can do so, too. If he can, we should like to hear what they are. Has he nought a farm? or has he gone to try. his1 -n\Tii ir/ilra r\\( nvan 9 or wlinK nthpr OVPllSp. hAO he to yive why the hour of six should be as fatal to his continuing longer in the House as cock-crow wtsto the longer appearance of the ghost in ?'Hamlet.' We should be sorry to. dispute the undoubted talent-) of the bonorahlu and learned member : what we complain of is, that he don't use them. We want men who will work, not dummies who won't. Again we ask, Where is Mr. Peter FiUCh'tt? 