DR. LIVINGSTONE'S , EXPEDITION. (I ron the Liverpool Albion August 18.) A ",letter has been received from Dr: Livingstnie by the Rev. W'. Monk, Cambbridge. It isdated on board her Majesty's ship Pio neer, Shire River, Jan. 2. Af ter giving a brief account, the extent, and atrocity of slave hunting in that district, and also of -a hostile encounter his party had with the slave hunting na tives, which has already appear ed in a previously published let ter, he proceeds to describe the cpluntry in Which he has been traylling : ' "Leaving the missionaries at a spot which to the eye looks as if fifteen miles south of mount Zomba, and which will serve till a" better locality is selected, we returned to the ship, and in the' beginning of August carried d boat past :Murchison's Cata racts. When we launched : er on the upper Shire we were vir tually on the lake, though sixty miles distant, because the river iN all smooth and deep. and has a gentle current. On the 2nd of' September, we sailed .into that island sea. It is surrounded iith mountains, and:;from them rush clown furious tempests with great.suddenness. 'I'reniiedous swells get up in fifteen or twenty minutes, and, had you ever cross ed the bar at Quillimune, you would know what I mean whlen I say that terrific rollers came across the lake with wall-like sides and hiaiiy heads, breaking in from seVen to fourteen fit thoms. We were once caught a mile fromn the shore, and could neither advance nor recede for six weary hours. The men all dreadfully sea- sick, did not cure how soon they .went down. as they were ' dead already.' rhe rollers broke either before or after they had passed our anchorage. The boat blehaved admirably, mounting.up the steep billows like a sea-bird, but one roller breaking on her would have en ded our exploration. After this we were less venturesome, and listened to the utterance of our seaaiini, John Neil, as ift' he had been an ioracle. We sailed. along the \vestein shore, and found that side to be a succession of bays. Thesouthern end is shaped some whatt like Italy on the map. The ankle of the boot is the narrow est part., eighteen or twenty miles wide. It expands towards the north to thirty-:five, then to fifty or sixty miles. T- he length is over 200 imiles, probably 225. The depth is very great. A fish ing-line found bottom in a bay at 10 fthoms, or 600 feet; but amniile outside none was. felt at 116fathoinms, or 696 feet. 'There are several small rounded rocky islands inu this lake which are covered with forests, uninhabited and..used only as fishing stations. De'tached rocks jut out adjacent to,these ."islands, and to all the rdcky 'headlands, which will be dangerous' to navigators. 1With our present knowledge, a ship coult find anchor'age only near the shore. Fishl abound, and a p:odigious population inhabits the shores,' and they catch fisih by large nets, creels, hooks, tor clies, orpoison. Alligators very wvell fed on fish, seldom or never molest man, so we could bathe in' the delicious cool waters whenever we chose, a great luxu rynot to be enjoyed in the Shire were civil-no dues were levied or fines demanded ; but slaving is the only trade. Colonel Rligby at Rainzibar, says, in a letter to Sir George Grey, that. 19,000 slaves pass through the custom house there annually-all, or nearly all, liom Nyassa or Shire; and he adds, ' If it should ever be possible to place a steamer on Lake Nyassa, it will cut off' the (chief supply of slaves to the east cotist.' Without knowing that gentleman's opinion, we have ordered a steamer from Glasgow .in twenty-four parts, which we hope to carry past the cataracts as our next.work. We expect her soon, and I shall not pen a syllable to you or anyone else till it is accomplished. I pray to him in whose hand nre our 'times' to permit me to accom plish this great service. Then a path to the sea by Rovuma, or some river in the dominions of the Sultan of Zanzibar, for we must have an outlet to the sea uncontrolled by the Portuguese. Fancy the fully of our allies; the Government builds a post at the mouth of the Shire, to be enrich ed by cotton dues, while the. people of Trette do all -in their power to depopulate the country from which the cotton is to come. 11 we have our own outlet, the cotton field now 400 miles long, will be prolonged to the north and west, and our own English honest poor may live on the is land aiid become blessings to Africa, our own sweet home, and to themselves. These are my hopes, and it ought to be b,:rne in mind that my expedi tion shouldld be dated only from the possession of the Pioneer. We wore forced to return by want of food, when, as we have reason to believe, we were in sight of the dark mountain masses in which Lake Nyaissa ends. A tribe of Zulus original I froiimr the south, had made ter rible havoc among the lake peo ple. We don't know why, as we received only one-sided stale ments, and never form an opin ion on that sort of evidence ; but human skeletons and putrid bo dies of the slain strewed the shores-' man's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn.' I met seven of these Marite or Zulus ; they belaved much as we may suppose old women of either sex .would do if' they Ilncied they had seen a ghost. In view of this tribe wandering up so for it strikes me that the more work Chris tian people attempt the more their Master gives them to per form. Thile bishop at the Cape, with his Kaffir College, is pro bably fitting missionaries to la bour much nearer the equator than he ever contemplated. I always rejoice to hear of efforts to spread our. blessed religion, no matter by whom, for I am sure that He who is at the head over all things to hlis Church concle scends to accept the hearty, though often feeble, offeiing of His people, and will guide all to a glori ous consummation. This college seems .an admirable institution. Frequent storms rendered it unadvi sable for us to attempt crossing to find out all about the matter for ourselves. It was the first time I over was forced back without accom plishing what I had to do, but had I time to tell you all you would see that further progress might lavo proved fatal to us. We returned to the uppermost cataract, slung our boat to a shady tree, and walked home, having in threo months, tra velled, in going and coming,. six hundred miles. Anything 'anent' a growing interest in the mission of the Church will be always welcome; systematic efforts to diffuse informa tion ought to be made. Without being particularly prone to grumble, I think there is room for a growl at the missionaries enlisting for three or five years only. It is probably from want of knowledge of mission ary work in Africa.; very few leave Africa without wishing to come back again, so it may all turn out right at last. I hear that the Froee Church of .'Scotland contemplates a mission out here, and the United Free Methodists are sending another mission out here, underDr. Krapf, to tlhe east coast. There is room for all, and for more thln will ever come. Burrup, Dickenson, and Clarke, came up'the Shire in corn mon country canoes, without know ing a word of the language, or a bit of the way.: ]3urrup came up first. In the dusk of the evening, on the 15th November, I discerned a canoo struggling down a point of the pland Dakanamois. Some English words eniitted therefrom made me prick ulp my ears, and I said, ' Pull to the port side.' ' What side is that?' responded Burrup. A capital fel low is he. Tulr: purest heart is that which dares to call itself impure. TErm OvrsrT.- -"My affairs tend down ward," as the oyster said when about to be swallowed. A DAD IIADTr.--An ill-made coat. Cob-Webb.-" Married, last week, John Cobb, to Miss Kate Webb." CONTRADICTORY TRUTH.-Many a daily paper comes out weekly. When do broken bones begin to make them- selves useful ? When they begin to knit. 