THE ANNUAL RACES. To the Editor. of the Yaaa Courier. Sin, — I am glad to learn that there is a prospect of our having some races next month, and if those who are interested in the matter will only exert themselves a little, and the sporting gentry co-operate with a really good will, we may have a good meeting. - But racing maiters will never experience a thorough revival until there is a Turf Club funned jn the district, with an energetic secretary or whipper-in to keep the sport from " going dead." Witli a turf club we should always have the means at hand for. striking out a good programme. And the materials by which success could be attained. There is lso another affair which a turf club would look attcr) at,d that is, the condition of the course. In order to get good ground to run on, there should be an inspection of it every month, and where repairs were necessary, they should immediately lie effected. But I un derstand that we are going to lose tho Douro course, and that this will he the last -year that it can be used, as Mr. O'Brien inteuds to put sbecp there. If such be his intention, I am afraid we shall fare ill for a convincing ground, there being few eligible spots near the town. On Mr. Hume's land tnere is, I believe, a suitable piece of "ground, and no doubt that gentleman would permit the meets to take place there if lie was only spoken to on tne subject. As the application is every one's business, of course no one will undertake to make it ; a turf clul), however, would do so through its secretary. Mr. O'Brien has been very liberal in his support of the annual races of the district, aud 1 hear he lias offered to be equally so for the future, hut it could not be expected that he would altogetliersurrender the use of the race-course. I understand it has been proposed that all the races shall be handicaps, a verv judicious arrangement if carried out with judgment ; I hope, how ever, that that absurd restriction in the terms of the Leger stakes that was intro duced last year will not be repeated. Two and three year olds areTeverywhere eligible to run' as such even though they have won a prize. It might be as well to restrict the races as much as possible to district horses ; and a careful watch should be had over the entrances for the hack race. As I have said, before, I consider it would be highly desir able to have the Leger the . highest stakes of the meet. I shall probably trouble you again before the event. Yours truly, THE GHOST OF JORROCKS. Yass Downs, March 3. 