. ANNUAL MEETING. Newcastle Auxiliary Branch of the Wesleyan Methodist Church Snstentation and Extension Society. According to announcement, the u&aal; an nual meeting of this most useful institution was held in the Wesleyau Chapel, on Mon day evening lust, the Rev.W. Hill, its much respected pastor presiding. We exceeding ly regret that, judging by the poor attend ance on the occasion referred to, so few should evince nn interest in a work so im portant to increasing the usefulness and sus taining the prosperity of that Church. Of the many claims on the Christian sympathy ftud support of Weslcynns, those of this so ciety stand pre-eminently forward, nnd we sincerely hope that it may meet with that encouragement from all clnsses of the com munity which it so well deserves. We quite agree in the tenor of the remarks that fell, from one or two of the speakers, that we often overlook, in tho application of our charity, many objects immediately surroun ding vS, that peculiarly demand-M^sjdiouId hare our paramount attention; and this so ciety, whoso claims we are now advocating, is one; as in the language of the interest* ing report that was read to the meeting on this evening, ' its purpose ns to this couu try must he like that of Wesley as to Eng land—to spread scriptural holiness through out the land.' The Rev. W. Hii.l, in opening tho pro oeediugs, said that all then present know the purpose for which they were assembled that evening — it was to hoar the annual re port of the proceedings of the Wesley un Methodist Church Sustentaiion and Exten sion Society ; or, in other words, the Wes leyan Home Mission for the colony of New South Wales, and to evince their sympathy in the same. Annual sermons, annual col lections, and subscriptions woro regularly made on behalf of Foreign Missions. Eut as great, if not greater necessity existed for Home Missions. (Cheers.) Ho (the speaker) would bo as glad as other Christians would be to see the church of Christ waking up and taking interest in the sustentation of Home Missions; as, it must be remem bered, they were tho life and support of Foreign Missions. For if the Homo Mis sion succeeded in sending a minister, and planting a .-church whero none before ex isted, that minister and that church would succeed in bringing in a few coppers for Foreign Missions ; and its they got on, they would iu time be able to do more nnd more fur Foreign Missions. A ftur alluding to the fact that if their meeting there that night had been to advocate tho cause of Fejee, Madagascar, and other foreign mis sions, doubtless there would have been a larger congregution, nnd a deeper interest manifested in their proceedings ; but, added the rev. speaker, are not the souls of thoso here us precious as souls elsewhere ? their claims upon us as great as those in the ends of the earth ? Ho felt persuaded that in Home Missions as well as Foreign Missions, our sympathy for both — our practical sympathy, should be very warm. Ha alluded to the preaching of the Rev. Mr. Wesley iu Moorfields, on one occasion, when owing to that gentleman being un ablo to attend personally to the many that were convicted under his discourse, and anxious to know what they should do to bo saved ? Ho was obliged to appoint tho following Thursday to meet his new con verts, and promised to pray with and speak to oach individually, nnd that circumstance led to the formation of class meetings, which had become so useful and honoured an in stitution in the Wosleyan Church. Mr. Hill, in spealnng on this matter, indignantly repelled the accusation often brought against his churoh of having a lust of power find a desire of place. After refer ring to nie dearth of ministerial labour iu many ofuhe outlying districts, ho said that what they wished was to send able and effi cient men to preach tho dootrine of tin three R.'s, not in tho sense of the explana tion given by tho schoolboy— Reading, Riting, nnd Eithmetic, but Regeneration by the, Holy Ghost, Redemption 'by Jesas Christ, nnd Ruiued by Sin ; and .whore thoso dootrines were faithfully and affeotion ately preached nnd urged, much good would be done. In some of the districts ho was alluding to, thero were men who had tot been in churoh, or had tho advantage of nny ministerial labour for ten,, twelve, four teen, ayo, and even some for twenty yeais. It was necessary, then, that somo ministsr Bhould be nppointed to find out such mot, and oudeavour to bring them to Christ. H« trusted, tn conclusion, that they would-bo all.roused up to feel the importance of, nnd I necessity of supporting such a society as that whose cause they had mot there to ad vocate. He should now proceed to read the report, aftor which, other gentlemen would address them. rbport. . ? In presenting their annual report, tho general ooininittoe of the ?' New South^VYaleB, Wesley an Methodist Churoh. Sustontation and Exten sion Society' congrntuluto its members and friends on an inoreuB'eof ouutrihuiious from tho Uirouita. ? Though, tho iucreaao is but email, yet, considering tl.o general oomraoroial do preEsion which has prevailed, it is matter of [ gratitude to God, inasmuch as it indicates the growing conviction of the Methodist people of the importance of this society, and their inte rest in its prosperity, and gives well- grounded hope that in tho future its funds will be yet further enlarged, and its usefulness augmented. Some of the circuits — especially in the country dibtriets — have tbis year presented, conside ring their circumstances, a liberal sum ; and the coraroitte earnestly hope that their example will be followed by all the circuits, both in town and country, during the ensuing year. The committee are so fully convinced of the importance of this society, and of its absoluto necessity to the prosperity of the Jlethodist Church in this colony, and to the spiritual and moral welfare of many of its inhabitants, and they confidcntally appeal to Weslcyans in every part of the land, and to the public generally, for a largo increase of its resources, to enable them to establish the ordinances of religion amongst those portions of the population never or but seldom visited by tho ministers of Christ. The committee regard this society as but yet in its infancy, and they are fully oonvinced that it is destined to become one of the roost flourishing Mcthodistic institutions in the Southern world. They, therefore, recommend that branch societies shall be fully organized in every cirouit in the colony, that a more gen eral and vigorous effort be made to obtain quarterly and yearly subscription, and that 'annual sermons be preached, and publie uiect ing* be held in every place where practicable. The committee also believe that the employ ment of Home Missionary boxes would contri bute most materially to tho increase of thu society's funds, and stroDgly recommend their introduction. The committee arc grateful that they are able to rrport, that through tho Divine bless ing ou the ministry of the Word iu the Graftou circuit, one of tho recently formed stations, their anticipations rcsptctin⁢ have been fully realized. In tho towh'orGyfcon, a neat and commodious church has been oponed for Divine worship during the year, in connection with which a congregation and society have been raided, giving hope of future nnd enlarged suc sesa. The erection of a luiriistur'is residence, and the building of several addittiuual churches in the oiruuit, are now contemplated, and there is every probability that 6ome of these projects will he shortly undertaken. Tins circuit ha ving for two years been partly sustained by a grant from the funds of this society, will, in future, be able to support its own minister. In Armidale, another station taken up by thissocioty, the minister has laboured diligently and successfully. The people in the district bavo contributed liberally towards his support, and this circuit would now require but little, if any, support ^rom 'his society, woro it the sta tion of a single man. But with a married minister, it will probably requirn usaistanoo, to a greater or less extent, for several years to come. Mudgco and Singleton have given up tho grants which they havo been accustomed to re ceive, and the oommiUoe hope that other oir cuits will soon be able to dispense with the sums, either wholly or iu part, whioh they now obtain, so that the tocieiy may bo ablo to oc cupy new grouud, nnd carry the ministrations of tho Methodist Churoh into other parts of the colony, where they are greatly needed. . A rainutor ..will, this year, bo sent toAde long, and an additional one to the Sydney South and IpswioU circuits, where they will be sustained by the people, who will enjoy the benefit of their miuistrations. Tho committee greatly regret that the fuuis of the society do not warrant them in forming any purely new mission stations this year, though earnestly re quested by Wesleyans,5who are at prcsont all butecprived of the pastoral care of the minis ters ef their own church, and tho churoh of their fathers. While the committeo would zealously promoto' the purely missionary de partment of tho work of God, they feel that they must advance prudently. Ground inju diciously ocoupied, would only watte the soci ety's funds, and must soon be abandoned, lead-, ing to the discouragement of efforts, whieh/in other places, might bo successful. Tho com. mittce, however, confidently hope that next year they will bo ablo to enlarge the spheee of tbo tooioty's operations. Five most promising young men have, du ring tho year, offered themselves in New South Wales as candidates for the Wosloyan ministry j and, after a Boarohing examination as to their gifts and graces, attainments and success, bo lief of Wesley an doctrine, and approval of our ecclesiastical order, they havo all been unan imously recommended to the Conferenoo as suitable persons to bo employed in our itin erant work. Five now churohes havo been fiaished and opened during tho year, tho aggregate cost of whioh is £1,790. They are situated at Pen rith, Hinton, (Maitland cirouit), Kiora (Mo ruya circuit), Fox-grounds (Kiama circuit), and Grufton. Improvements Lave also been mado in the Moorfields' chapel (Newtown cir cuit), at a coit of £70, aud iu tho Dnpto chapel (Wollongong cirouit), at a cost of £60. A new ichool-room has been built in Windsor, at the ixpenseof jC880 ; at West Maitlund, coating' JE600 j and in Goulburn, tho Bohool-room has ben enlarged at a coBt of £105. Tho eanotion of the committeo has boen ob taned to tho purchase of a Bito at Wtfilsond, (Sowoastle oircnit), at ncost of £80. ?-? jtt 131 Uiirra, Mr. W ? Clarke hns kiudly givnn liulf aDacroaa a Bite foraohurch. The following I grants httve also been obtained from the Crown: West Deuison, 2 acres ; Hendemeer, 2 acres ; Glen Innis, 2 acre?; and Cudgrgoog, 2 acres. The funds of tho tociety have been applied to the usual purposes, a detailed account of which is given in the bslance sheet, and as originally intended, grants have been made to both me tropolitan and country districts. About one fourth of the society':* income has bcon expen ded iD-aid of Methodist interests near the me tropolis, while three-fourths have been granted to the country circuits ; and it is probable that next year the proportion in fv.vour of the coun try will be still much greater. In conclusion, the committee again earnestly commend this society to the whole of the Me thodist rcoplc in this colony, and urgently so licit in its behalf that liberal support which its imporUnee demands. The spiritual and moral necessities of the country are still most urgent, and the Methodist church must take a foremost part in meeting those necessities. The com mittee believe that the anciuut zeal and liber ality of Methodism arc still retained, and that while it is distinguished for its generous efforts in tho foreign mission-field, it will never be subject to the charge of neglecting tho popula tion at home. lU purpose as to this country must Jbe like that of our venerable founder as to Kngland — ' To spread scriptural bolines* throughout the land.' In the course of rending the Report, the Rev. speaker remarked, that with regard to the Wesleyan Church in Neweastlo not being self-supporting, if, wns no disgrace, for they would be so if they could. Tho doings of their people hitherto were worthy of r.ll praise, and Jie was quite convinced they wore all anxious to be a selfsupport ing church. At present they received j630 a-year from the funds of this society, but he was quite sure they would rather sec their subscriptions spent elsewhere than re turned to themselvL's. lie also alluded to tho fact that horo they wcro deprived of some of thoso wealthy friends who at home could afford to give, and gave cheerfully such sums as £ 1,000 nnd upwards. The King of Hnnovor, tho King of the .Belgians, ami tho Emperor of France were patrons and supportors^oi Foreign Missions : ho wished they would also remember this so ciety. If any of those lie saw around him had a few thousands to spare, and were about to niuko tltoii* wills, he would remind them of the claims this society hail upon them, aud trusted ihuy would not bo ibr ffotten- (Cheers nnd laughter.) After singing u few versus of a hymn, the Chairman called upon Tho llcv. Mr. Dowson, (of West Mait land), who, on rising, was received with loud applaiisi1. He said he did not come there intending to speak, one great reason wub that hu wus not a speaker, that he was not at home on a platform ; for to confess the truth, when ho spoke in public, he liked to be exalted. Another reason wna, that he did not feel in so good a trim ns usual, in fact, ho felt very Mondayish, he had had a very heavy day's work yesterday, and to quote an old expression, he felt half dead. At any rate, he would try to say a little. He should have been ablo to say mors, if he had seen a greater number of pews fillel. The collectors for Foreign Missions hnd been often met with the ex cuse, 'Charily begins at home;1' andif that wns true, then he was afraid New castle, judging by the few then present, had but little charity. Yet those few felt doubt less some little interest iu tho prosperity and extension of Home Missions; and ho, too, naturally felt a deep and earnest in terest in the same. Ho had laboured in tho interior — on tho Turon Gold Fields for 18 months, and.during that period he had seen scenes he hail never expected to keo, and wit nessddr\ spiritual destitution and ^'abbath desecration to an extent of which but little conception could be formed. He, while there, had met numbers who had never at tended a placo of worship, although it was true they had a ministry, a place of worship, and a small society in that locality. He while stntionod at the Turon, had made two journeys to other gold fields, and it was eyery where the. same. The Sabbath- day, so far from beiug^jpetfogn^sod and observed, was the market day. It) was true that a great number of Chinese were on these gold fields, who did not profess the principles of tho Christum religion ; but ewen the Euro peans were all busy in the)r yAwous callings, butchers, bakers, publicans,'/- all alike. It wrungyhis heart to soe God's law so, flag- rantly bnAfeil}, and His dny so openly dese crated. After referring to ;the. difficulties he had to contend uguinst on*one gold field in gfltting a congregation to whom ho might address the glad tidings of salvation through a crucified Saviour, and that ho ouly event ually (succeeded in getting soma fifteen or twenty! liearers.~ The £o,y. speaker wont on to show how that if thai district had been, regularly^ -visitod 'Sabbath after Sabbath, they would iri''jill,nV.obtii)ili.ty have boen able tt- institute ft5 good onuso there; but as; it, wu8, all ministerial :]-vlrour;seetne-i 'thrown away. Ho hadAlao ibtien on tho Manning' River, Mnoleny hivftt; tHuatin'gs, arid PoVf Maoquano districts, ItHfns trtip flmtihere,' also, he witnessed groat spiritual dostitu- 1 : ? : ? — ? -i*. ? _ a^ tion, but it was also true that some gloridW' results accrued from the preaching of the- * Gospel of Jesus Christ, and in the Macleay^1 River district especially, men who had been ' sunk in the ldwest depths of moral degradav : tion, when brought under the influence of ?: this Gospel, testified in a simple . nianjier '* that would have cheered any Christian's heart as to their experience of the lov» of' God. The object, then, that Home Mis sions had in view, aud which it was their duly to assist, was to provida means for stud ing ministers to such districts. He was glaTi to see the cause of Christ's king dom prospering through any instrumentality and he was not so bigoted as to prevent others casting out devils because they did ; not exactly think as he did, but he certainly confessed that he felt a peculiar pleasure in f seeing that kingdom extended through Wes* i Ipyan Methodism, because he conscieti- ! tiously believed that its doctrines andinsti unions were more in accordance with the S revealed religion of the Gospel, and there fore more preferable than any other. ...As to class meetings, they had been, and would still prove blessings to thousands— they were a sort offence round about the church aAl at those meetings Christian brethren had- their hearts cheered and their spirits refreshed. It would be a dark day for Wes leyan Methodism when class meetirujs ceased, «nd ceased to be regarded as tho standard of church membership. He re joiced to be allowed to speak on behalf of this Homo Mission Society, because it sought to spread Wcsleyan Methodism. With regard to ministers themselves, they must live. It would he amazingly conve nient for somp people if they could have a spiritual minist^,\thgt is, if an angel could coino down from heaven once or twice a week and preach and minister to them; as such o being wouldnot require any of tlie vulgar and coinmon^ecessaries of lifo. But this was not in nccordauce with God's plan. : His plan was that the Gospel should be preached by men of like passions and with the like necessities as ourselves, and their ; necessities must bo met. The Wesleyan ministers had no extraneous means of sup- ' port, ami must altogether bo dependent on the people. They should then continueto ; support this fu^nl. M'hoy had in Newcastle a new chnpel in contemplation, and they ; expected that tho funds of this society would help them iu building this chapel, if ^ so, they must help the fund, and then therii would be the existence of mtiiunl sympti thion. After1 alluding to the objection ihiit there might be a wanft of suiiablo men for ? 4 the ministerial work, the rov. speaker gnve ' * it as his opinion that therejwere plentyjof young men both here and at home of the right stamp who could bo profitably eii- ;; ployed were sufficient pecuniary resources j at the command of their llonw Mission ! Committee, and concluded by earnestly, I eloquently, and affectionately urging upon i all to mnke it n matter of constant earnost ?; prayer that God would preserve and pourout .] His Spirit on our young men, that they j may be intluced'to oome forward and.offor ' themselves fbrvthis high and holy wprlfy ^ and oh, may that God, even their own God ; give them His blessing. (Loud and, long- ? i applause.) \ *' '.? J i After another hymn was sung, the Rev. Chairman called upon ' ' ' Mr. Caldecott (tho birouit steward) who, at first exhibited great reluotanoe, but at last row, and briefly axprossed his hearty sympathy with; the society whoso olaitns had boen bo eloquently - - advocated that night. Ho bad always. done what ho could— nay, it bad been urged against him— that at times ho had dono nioro than what ho ought. At any rate ho did not likei talking ; he had more faith in action, and' be- ' lievedNvhero thero was a groat deal of talking there wnsvery. little work. (Cheers).. Mr. Topham also, briefly and pertinently ad- ? ? dressed tho meeting, expressing too, his hearty, approval and sympathy not only with this, but' all kindrcoVftoototiea' whose objeot Was to apeak the Gospol of the Rodeoraor. v With this soci ety howevor, moro espeoially. After spine., other few remarks regarding tho outlying du tric^B'and tha ncoossity of additional, miniate-, rial aid tiyjt), Mr Topham conoludod with some sarcastic romarks as to tho oity of New castle not evincing a greater interest in th'eio^ tnat'tera,Andthii^howasaottytheir'6huroh'6ught to be abltj themselves to Bupport.thoir minister and somo means ought to bo dovisod for that purpose. (Gators).. j . ,. . .... ?;,A.iv; Tho Rov. Mr. Hill stated UmtjjBpfc judging1 by the number in attondaaoe that ? oyonipg would think that a new ohapol was uncalled .; for, and not wanted, but he bogged to soy that every, seat in their prosont church wafl full and that many of their membars, himself and wifo among the number, were without sittings. They besides had a vory long list of application * for acati,.in short they urgontly wantod, anlir £ ohapol and- trusted they would havo one. soon,.-. aud thay. oxp.cotcd to got 4&00 from thu ?--' oiety. (Oheors). ?'....? - The Kev.R. Woolnoughl0fHa3tMaitl-nd); nox^fortowed-lnVtt l-rtgr*bl--, Vand' interesting, address, in whioh ho reviewed tho prosont and past condition of Wesleyan Methodism, showing! that nnfr, by prosont statistics bo bad gleaned (' Chore was onokpsliooraan'in ev.ory,829),qf tho 'nhabitanta., and one Wcsleyan minister to [Vvery b.i'^J, ami argui-l it jjI ilwi» faots ilui [ it spake badly for ' tUo people whea thoy 'wanted more law than gospel. He also vividly ?pourtrayed the usefulness and necessity of these ,}lome Missioas funds, and that as now by lend jag their monies without interest to be repaid by ?fixed annual amounts, they made a little go a long way. exercised a large amount of good, tad gave an example worthy of more universal imitation. That the voluntary principle had (been a great del talked about, but now was a 'time for voluntsiy practice. That Wesleyan 'Methodists in accordance with this practice had ' jubioribed ^61,200,000 for the support of For eign Missions, but quietly and without ostenta tion— it was done and not talked about. Iu conclusion the Rev. gentleman, (amid loud 'cheering) made a forcible appeal to the liberal ity of the congregation. We trust that Mr. Woolnough will accept our sincere apologies for not furnishing in greater detail his address on this occasion, but the many other claims de volving upon our Reporter as well u our lim ited space, prevents us doing as we would wish in this matter. After a few further remarks from Mr. Hill, the 'Doxology' was sung, and the beuedic ,'tion pronounced, when the meeting sepcrated. Wo trust with a fresh impetus given to .their determinations, and purpose to labour .more energetically than hitherto in God's vineyard. The A. A. Company and theni Miners —By reference to our advertising1 columns it will be seen that a public meeting is convened for Thursday evening next, for tbo purpose of arranging, if possible, the present dispute be tweeu these contending parties. Earnestly do we hope that such meditorial oflieod may be eucci ssf ul, and thus that an cud may bo put to tbe stagnation of trade—to the bitterness of feeling that has been engendered — and to tbe distress that is begining to be felt in mauy lionea in this district. But to arrive at such a desirable end, both parties must bo prepared to concede somewhat, and if both are silicon; in thoir desire to renew amicable relations, wo hope to see pcaoj established ou a firmer and suier basis than hitherto. Atoident. — 6ni Sunday last, a young, lad named Frederick Neale, was standing with liis hands iu his pocket on the railway fence at Huueysuckle Point, when accidetitly falling to tbe ground, ho bad the misfortune to break his right arm. Dr. vlorgau w»s promptly in at laduioe, and uudcr that gentleman's skilful and kind euro, the sulfercr is^ progressing as favourably as j.oasible. Seal — A novel capturo of a soal was ef fected iu our harbour ou SuiiJay 1am;, ou the North Shore Beyoud, however, thnt it mea sured sonu eight aud u half fuct in Imigth, we Luve not been able to glean uny particulars. TuiibY't) SroUK — \Vu understand that those largo and ooinmoJioii.'i promisor have bi'eii pur chased by tho wall ktuiwu and influential linn of Dibbs, Thorno, mid Co , of this city. These gentlemen,' we aro given to understand, iutenJ io ? p u them as bonded warehouses, and large gitua ies, for whioh, from their proximity to tbo shipping wharves, and boing contingent to the termiuns of tbe Gre.it Northern Railway, they will be admirably adapted, affordiug to tbe agricultural lesidonts on tho Hunter, a most convenient and suitable depot for their j wheat and othor produce, while it is availing I thipmeut or disposal in the market. ; : CosroM-uoU8B. — A petition has been pro | parid aud numerously sigaed, addressed to the -? Logiblaiive Assembly of this colony, praying ?' that the Government would bo pleased to plaoe 'f each a sum upon the Estimates as may be no ?J eossary for the erection of a suitable building ? which shall comprise offices for Her Majesty's I Customs, Shipping Master, and Pilot Board ; 1 .and that the same may be erected on tho site f reserved by Govornment for that purpose. We I Lave little doubt but that a petition so reasou '- tb'e, and ao urgently necessitated, will be ac \- ceded to. But why could not the Post-offico i be included in the design ? for no one will I ioiroely contend that our present establishment ; if. either in a suitablo position or worthy ..of ' ' tbis important aud rapidly increasing city. ^ i . New Watchmaker's Establishment.— :? We beg to call attention to tho new and hand | Bomo establishments of Mr. W. J. Griffiths, I chroraetur and watch maker, Hunter- street. ?1 -.-In this business Mr. Griffiths has hadoonsider i, : .sble experience, and in a sea port town like :, 1 .Newcastle he will find a wide field for thoexor 1 eiseof his abilities, and whioh we presume at . times will be muoh meoded. The Buckingham Family.— These acoom . plished artistes have, during tne past week, been playing to large and fashionable audiences, ,? ind are well worthy «f the support they havo '-- Moeiyed. Wo have not spaoo on tho present f oeoaBion to enter into any oritioal analysis, suf-, '?fioa to observo, that tho entortainment itself is' \- elegant and attractive in all its details, and is carried out with graoo »nd talont that must ? oonimaud the admiration of all who witness 1 inimitublo performances. .. Sonooli of Arts.— The initiatory leoture of tbe course,, promised in aid. of tho funds of JbiB institution, will, as advertised in our 00 '. lamas .of to-day, be delivered, on Wednesday. :'the 6tli of August, noxt, by the Rev. Mr. ! riiaokery of West Maitlaud. Mr. Thaokery's ' oratorical powers and abilities are too well : known to need any eulogy from us, and we Vi «-ncorely trust that an undertaking that pro r'niisiito bo so aspibiously begun, wiil boas woll Y carrjod on to its oloso, to the satisfaction of tho f publio, tho credit of the lecturers, and tho I' tdvantngo of the institution. /,-.... I The Baftist Cuuuch.—Ou Monday evening r n«xt, the members of (his church inteud holding a »« meeting in rocognltion of the Rev. O. White 'ora ai their pastor, This gentleman's antecedents « ninthly-valued, earnest, and efficient miuistor of ''?Goipel are highly spoken of, arid wo have ne aonbtuhat his,minliterial 'brothreh in Newcastle 1 Iludl7 W8o°'« to 'hrlr ranks one who, uot *itMUnding alght denomlua'tiouar-difftfrenoa', u . nitedby odueation'al'iiUainrncnts, iiitollectunl nbili '??, and courtesy of demeanour to prove so useful 1 «nHuxiliiiry iu thii their field of missionary enter... I prls».- The Bnoaat Chmcli hdve,' in our opi.iion, I oewexceedingly: fortunate Iri'th'eir choice, and we H ni»vo no doubi' thatfutUrity willsauctlon our ver l-jj «'c» with 1 heis uppVoval,' -'- ??????? U ««i,EIUnN °,', Qoho DiooBM^-Durlng the past r Oi! ' Tna, f'SUty of, this' fraternity,, returnlnn from LJH&Jaindo;'},!'.t t'1111 P°n «' routo for Sydney and other. ra?,°calllM.; Humour was busy as to tho likvli. 'om . ''Jorityof -them being engagod by llio A.A. I SHSI- bu.1 wo have not hoard u to whsthei »ny sueb f *«8«munts hove, boon wrtcrod into. 