FRIGHTFUL CARNAGE IN- ! MARYLAND. " i (From tho special correspondent of Tho Times.) . baxitimoue, Ssfcehbrb 23.— It would bo nothing but tlio. gravoit injustice to dis pute the fact that, 'contrary io all probabili. ties, with heavy odds against him, G-erferul M'Clellnn lias -succeeded in fighting a battl'o in which ho certainly- has not been worsted, 'and ot wlitcli the ellect lias been that bis opponents lmvo fallen hack nnd declined a further (en gagement. To ,'estimato tho full meaning of theso few simple words would be impracticable, save for those who witnessod tho utter and apparently irretrievable demoralization of tlio Northern army during tho first few days of September, On the 2nd of September General M'Clellan responding to the uppoul cf Presi dent Lincoln and General Hallcek, again accepted the command in chief, -andttlieiV' is now no impropriety in- stating tlm't lie iiceo'ptcd it with a heavy heart, and glooinv. 'feiabodin«a; A few weeks of General Popo 'iiod not 'only sapped the instincts of discipline and solidarity partially instilled and infused iiito.ilfe army by a long winter's training on "tho' Potomne, but had substituted in their placo' lawiesa and buccaneering propensities ; ro that tho " vete rans of the Pcmiianlo'," ns M'Olelliih's: old army and M'Dowell's division were pompously oallod; woro an elemont of greater peril and graver weakness than the rawest recruits ifroin the counting-house and fiold. On tbq 17th of Septombcr, ono .fortnight from tlie day on :.which he seizod the helm, General: M'Cjollan gavo battle nnd fought what mov bq called tlio Borodjno of- this .war. uThc battlo ofAhtictam Creek, last 17ednes'dby, was. unqucstiohnbly the. best contested field which Tliia 'continent has ever' witnessed. By unsparing effort's and eolf- sacrificing devotion tho FedornT officers llVfli'Ipfl n rlnfsinf. u-ltinli m.i.s U t.. ... i 7 , uccn urusn- .ing and final; but they averted it at a cost of valunblo livca which has probably -never been equalled during tlio -present' contury. . The danger is past— tlie>isia is tided over— for the battle oflnat 'Wednesday,: if lost'to thbFederal cause, would have .summarily nnd. peremptorily concluded this war. ; Heroin, consists tho great difforcnoa" of the battles before Richmond, and the crowning .fightof 17th September. If M'Clclian.-und his army had succeeded in (irking Richmibrid, no man of sense, even nt tho North, -belibveB that the war would thus linvo bean finiehod; The groat ol-jcct for which it was sought to capture Richmond was to "remove from ' European nations any pretext for interference.' -There could bo no recognition oftlie indcpehdetico of a nation whieh was unable to retain possession of its sont of government. But it may. be as well to state hero that even if Richmond, 'Gh'arieaton, Savannah, and Mobile shared tho, fate. 'of New Orleans, there is not tho iesst rcaeoii "to think that tlio subjugation of tlio South .would thus boschioved andqonsummatod. Of course, tlio sufferings of .women . and children would, thus be gravely increased, but whirt ate the. sites of I four insignificant oil ies- compared with an area I of' 800, 000 square miles ? \Tery:qarJy in 'this I war it. was thought by shortsighted, fanatics that-, the desolating, fire, which 'swept over Charleston would bring its rebellious' children to-terms. But it is not in , the povi'bi- of the North to estimate, any morB'lhah'it'ia in. their power to tame, the' liereo and vindictive ani- uiosity of tiio Southern , heart, which rcoka little of suffering or loss'of'bittorest privation, iii comparison with emancipation from an 'qxeeratedyokc. 1 . On the other hand, the battle. qf Wodncsday last was tho fniql desperate si fiigglo of our old friend, the " Ahnbonda," to'ralax nnd unclasp the tightening grasp which his ' feo had fixed 'upon liis throat." Coil' after "coil his; spiral pmbrnea has been unwound, nnd on Wednes day the intondod -victim closed, for the death grapple. Tlio effort Iisb been defeated, but nothing more. ' The two breathless combatants glare nt cneh other; across the rapid 1'otbinic, which may any day bj swollen by the eqninoo- tiol gales into, an impassablo gulf. It was probably iu view of this contingency that it was deemed advisable .by the. wary Confederate generals to run no risks ot fighting with suoh a river behind ' tbom. Hut there doca | not seem much probability of thair — 7 ullowing Goncral M'Clellan and his army to follow them across tho stream. Tho fight of jest week lias saved Washington nnd Maryland ; it lias done nothing on earth to jnstily a par ticle of liopo or boliof that it will lead to a conclusion of tlio war. Nevertheless, too much praise ennnot be given to General M'Clellan and to tlio goncrnlB under him, and specially General Iiookor, for the maimer in which they handled ns unpro mising an army as over took the field. It is idle to attempt to analyse tho grounds and arguments which nocount for General M'Clel- lan's popularity. Ho is ss much beloved and trusted by his men as " the little corporal " himself. Nor can it bo denied that, valuable ns is bis army's enthusiasm on his behalf, tho danger which would arise if anything befell liim would bo proportionably great. If M'Clellan fell either in action or by disease, his army would becomo n ropo of sand. But if ever again there is an attompt to depose him, and he thinks proper to resist it, tho civil authorities in Washington would rue tho day. Nor can any ono bo blind to tho fact that already M'Clellan holds tho 20,000,000 of tho North in tho hollow of his hand. If ho thought proper to deposo tho Presidont, to Bend a lettre do cacliat to his old and consistent oncmy and detractor, Mr. Stanton, to let somo such words as Tako that baublo hence I" bo heard in the Capitol, his army would stand by him to tho last man. There is, probably, not a purer or more unselfish mnn in tho Northern States at this moment than Gonorol M'Clellan. But wielding as ho does at this moment an almost irresponsible power, it would bo dangerous for civilians of any kind to provoke or thwart liim. Upon one point it is material that tlio European publio should not bo doccivcd, though it wero idle to hope that thia truth could be brought 1 3 tlio knowledge of the American nation itself. Tho Nortli lias no such armies now in tho field bb aro prctonded by the Northern journals. It is doubtful whether 200,000 soldiers of the old army, whieh existed befora tile President's last cull for 000,000 men, are now under arms. What proportion of tlio 000,000. men ore actually under arms it is lia'd to say ; but I doiibt if their numbers are more than 200,000 now. Within tho laat few days it has been openly stated by high authorities in Washington, that it was absurd to expect General M'Clellan to do more than fight n level battle, or to crush IiIb enemy, when all tlio recent levies that have reaohed Washing ton liavo not dono more than supply tho losses in tlio various battles from Cedar Moun tain down to Antietam Creek. It is absurd nnd ridiculous to talk of another otislaught upon Richmond, unless very lprgo reinforce ments of troopB ore gained by M'Clellan.- A draught will not be resorted to if it is possiblo to avoid it, for ono simple reason. — (he draught is tho dernier rcssoirt, kept in reserve in case of any throat of interference by England nnd France. Under tlio excitement of any etioli intervention tlio Foderal Government, which, little as it condcsconds to ranson, can not be blind to tlio absurdity of supporting its " beneficent and beatific away " by the agency v wuovupie) wuiuu uuu ttiii|jiu juauuuttuou lor calling out a draught of 1,000, COO men. It is true that it could not arm oue-lialf. of . ilietn, except with such guns as aro called " hedge- poppers." But it trusts to the imposing offset upon paper of aueli countless hostB springing up ot the stomp of its foot.. . But without discussing this question of interference, it may bo interesting to your readers to learn a few details of the Battle of Antietam Creek of which the War office' still ignores tlio occurrence, while it vouchsafes no particulars to tho long suffering millions who are a principal in this gigantic duel. It must ho premised that the American press twits the correspondents ol tho English ' jour nals with an indisposition to witness, not without somo poesiblo . personal risk,- the bloody struggles of tbis war. In answer, it is only necessary to say tliat Mr. Stanton and his myrmidons take very good onro that no Englishman, cither civil or military,' shall bo within 50 miles of any United Stntosnrmy. It-, seemed good to Mr. - Stanton to preclude llip possibility of the battles oh thia continent being sketched by tlio .same graphic hand which brought the Crimea and its incidents home to every fireside in England. Had it been otherwise, the Batllo of Antiotnm Creek would have worthily livod in history, and Europe would liavo known something -about it. As it is, sccondory information; and most imperfect details, notwithstanding an unusally able despatch contributed to tho Now. York Tribune, leave ua sadly in the dark. Antietam Creek (pronounced Anteatam)'is a rapid mountnin stream, .which cuts its way across tho. Pennsylvania border; in a duo southerly direction, until it enters tho Potomac between Boonsboro' and Sharpsburg." The ground upon its right bank is . admirably adapted for a defensivaJpositibn, and ' consists of bluffs whieh riso into a plateau,' interaporsed with hero and there elight depressions, and dotted with cornfields and patelieB of forests, and intorseotcd in many places by stone walls. Ono or two lanes, ponotrating at right angles to the stream, and deeply sunk, afford hutural rifle pits, of which excellent . use una made by the Confederates. Tliey resemble greatly that "little hollow way" which playod so conspicuous a part -at "Waterloo, and whieh runs in front of the grounds of Hoiigomont. Tho Federal attack. -could not bo made with out-fording An tietom -Crook, wliich-is too deep out to be easily passed. The lino of bottle extended somo five. mites, through tho larger portion of which tho Confederate right and contra wore protected .by the stream; but on Ilia; Confedcrato left , tho .stream bends away from the plateau and turns eastward towards Koedysville ; and liore, upon Tuesday evening, tlio 10th of September, ' the first act of tlio battle waa played by General Ho'oker, who ndvnuoed across the. stream and slonir tha Williamsport road, upon - which he gained an elevated position, in - immodiato proximity to tho Confederate Piokcls. The two armies passed tho lovoly "autumnal night of that beautiful upland region of Maryland in close proximity. Wednesday, 17(li- September, broke a cloud less morning. The earliest Btreaks- of day wore woleomed by men whoso orisons wore the shriek of the bursting bIioD, the deep, sullen boom of the cannon, the. whistling hiss of angry musketry. " Tho exlr'qmo Federal' right and tho Confederate left sprung naturally and instantaneously into collision ; and I know bo bettor way of gauging tlio soverity of tbo contest in this part of tlio field than by stating that tho ofiioiol- loss in Sumner's corps, consisting .of .three divisions, is re turned at 6208 raon. . Again and again the' battle surged - backwards und forwards, and wbb especially fierce round a largo farm- houso and enclosures called Ruletto's Farm. Sedgwick's Division was the first to' open tlio ball, and, as it advanced on the right, it wna supported on tho loft, by Frorioh's division, which moved intoa small wood and cornfield, and eoon bocariio ' hotly engaged.' Simulta neously tlio Confederates bora fiercely down upon Sedgwick; driving bis division back for some hundreds of yards. To reliovo Sedgwick an oi-der was given by General Sumnor (who bad taken command after General Hooker was wounded, about niuo in' tho morning) I o French to oharge with bis' wholo force and gain tho ucignts. -Ana order - was gullantly oboyed, and the overhanging woods were swept clear of the enemy by Kimball's Brieade. But at what cost this successful. onslaught was modo can be estimated only by tlioso who read the long list of Federal offioera wounded,' including Kimball himself, and almost every other man who woro ahouldor-straps in tho brigado. But scarcely were the heights gained when a strong body of Confederates,- rushing between Sedg wick's and French's divisions, and, seizing Rulotte s houso and farm buildings, exposed the attacking force to imminent . jeopardy. Around this farm, tbo Hougomont of tho day, ths fighting was too severe to be long protracted. About 10 o'elook tlio Confederates wero driven slightly back, their fire slackened, ammunition seemed felling abort,, and Fronoh's division, a mere ghost and eliadow of its former Bolf, stood firmly, and savagely on tho grouud whioh it hod won and which it held mniuly with the bayonet. 7 ,w. The Confederates wore not long in resuming tho offensive. Again they descended upon French, and his shut tered columns seemed little capablo of offering resistance. At this moment tho third Division of Sumnor's oorps, com manded liy Gonornl Richardson, moved briskly up to support General French. Again tho bat'tlo raged more furiously than over, but Richardson's men, fresh and stronger in num ber tlinn their oppononts, drove them heavily book, and captured tho only rebel standards which were, I believe, lost on that eventful day. Tho Confederates fell back somo three-quarters of a mile ; the Federals had liardly strength to follow. At half-past ono tho battle on tho Federal right oud Confederate left was over, and one mile and a half of ground del aely covered with dead and mangled men, not to mention what era desoribed as high mounds or piles of slaughtered horses, bore evidence of tho bloody obstinacy of the fray. It must bo mentioned tliat the strugglo at Antietam Crcok was mainly fought out on the right and left wings. Tho nature of tho ground in tho centre, where the direct road from Keodysville to SliarpBburg orosscs tho creek, was too broken and rugged to admit of tho manoeuvring of troops or handling of artillery. Ncnr this road Ganorol Fitz-Iolin Portar, with 16,000 men in reserve, wob stationed during tho wholo day. Thia was tho only body of men on tlio Federal aide whieh waa not engaged. Aa an evidence of tho oven and balanced nature of tlio whole day's Btrugglc it is alleged that Gcnoral M'Olollan did not dare to omplov General Porter'B men when Burnoido'a attoek on tlio left was recoil ing and BurnBido himself importunate for assistance. Tho ground which had been gained on tlio right was so insecurely hold that it was felt tbnt another Confodorato onslaught might at any momont overwhelm tho exhausted Federals. To prevent this, as well as to check tho rebels if thoy succeeded (which, if half an hour more of light lmd bean granted llicm, tlioy would havo done) in driving Burneido across tho bridge, was tlio object with which Goncral Porter's nion woro held in hand. Our details of tlio attack modo by General Burnsidc, in command, as is stated, of nob more than 16,000 men, upon tho Confederate right, are much more scanty than of tho opera tions against tho Confedcrato loft. If one may venture to criticiso tho tactics of tho day, it would appear that Gonorol M'Clellan inndo two mistakes. In the first place, tho attack by Burn- side Bhould lmvo boen mado simultaneously with theat.tnrkby Hooker. Secondly, Bornsido's attack should havo bcon mado with a heavier forco and followed up by repeated bodies of men. It is evident that- if Burnsidc could havo carried tho bridge and heights beyond it, and held tbom, tho Cdnfodereto army would havo beon in extreme peril of being cut oif from Sharpsburg. But it was irapossiblo to oarry so tremendous a position when tho Confederates, relieved from Hooker's or Sumner's attack on the right, massed dense bodies of troops against Burnsido and drove liim steadily back. Tbo last orders of M'Clellan to liim at sundown down were, " Come what may, hold the bridge. If tlio oriago is losr, wo nro an lost with it I llow near and imminent wbb tho peril to whieh tlio" wholo Federal amy was exposed is probably known to few. But the sun sunk, and Burn side, weak, shattered, slid reeling, was not pursued, nnd M'Clellan had gained what, to ono fighting under such conditions, must bo admitted to bo a groat and substantial advantage. Tliut after aueli a frightful bntflo thoro should be innbility as . well as indisposition upon either side to renew tho strife, is little to bo wondered ah Upon Thursday, after a great- deal of coquet ting as to which party lmd sent ' tho flag of truce, a portion of both armies mot upon tlio debatable land so long and hotly contested. Seldom, sinco tho world first witncBsed-tlic ravages of war, lias such a scene of appalling carnnge nnd suffering mutely appealed to licavon. It is probable that within an area of five square miles at least 30,000 dead and wounded men, tho victims of tlio politicians of tlio United St-ue9, lay in every eonceirabla attitude of agony and- pain. - Every busb, every crevice of rock, evo-y furrow of- every fiold had its pale , ana bleeding tenant, while tho mangled but at ill living sufferer, with faint and piteous wailing, demanded water to supply his exbaustcd life-blood, and harrowed up tho soul of the auguiahod observer. After seeing the hospitals at "Washington, aud taking stock of some 20,000 sufferers in that devoted city — after recognising tlio many short-comings and deficiencies of tlio provision for the sick in every hospital I liavo seen, the thought that nt lenit 12,000 additional Federal sufferers, and many hundrodB of Confederate wonnded, thrown : into Federal ' hands, aro added to tho bloody rccoid of-' Washington, Baltimore, and Philadelphia, might well freezo tho heart with horror and dismay. I will not pause to call attention to. tho sufferings which must await tho Confederates, although it ia .soma .consolation- to- think that immense medical supplies fell into their. hand after tlio second battlo. of Bull Run. . It is marvellous, in tlio faco of this unutterablo aggregation of suffering and woe, that men with humau hearts and flesh and- blood ond bones of the eame stiifl' aa. that which is tliig" day writhing and quivering ' iri ovory building and . bam within twenty miles .of the battlefiold, should not endeavour to put sonio stop to nn effusion o f blood .which .has, never been paralleled in times known to history. But Mr. Soward is described as beiugin rapturous spirits and never to. liavo been more, light-hearted or gay? It is to the honour of Amoricen womanhood, that Miss Dix and soma companions havo not bcon deaf to tho appalling cry of sgony going up from Antietam Greek, but have repaired to tlio 8eono of action to do wliat thoy can. But if every surgeon in America had boon on the finnt. luaf tilltmnxr ill are ixakLI l.n«. t. t. -r y; uuutv jiuvu uu«n \YorK for theni all. In the immediate vicinity of Gottysvillo an immense holo was rapidly filled with amputated liraba. Incidents of horror enough to fill a volume, much ns their insertion is discouraged in all, A ortliern journals, meet the oyo at every turn.- ' I could quote from tho papers before me, oolumn after column descrip. tivo of such scenes as would bo heartrending even if thoy related to transactions ouacted a thousand years ago. And for-what has all tbis blood been shed.? To what hope that pence will arise from theso horrors does oil this anguish point tho way ? Tho Confoderato army is safe upon tho. Vir ginia aide of the Potomnc; it is neither de moralised; nor faint-hearted.; it has iuilioted such a loss upon .its gallant foe as must for a momont rufilo even tho insensibility of Wash ington. Tlio Generals of tlio Confederacy arc atill in menacing and defiant attitude, sup ported to tho. last by. thoir onthusiastio men- They may be as ragged and motley a crew aa tho Federal papers describe them ; but when the cry of battlo rises along tlio closing lino thoy light to the last of their blood and their breath.': Each section has mado its effort, and appa rently each section has failed. Gouoral M'Clcl- Inn'e broken nnd shattered rotreat'from "Har rison's Landing to Alexandria mnrka the extent of his failure. Tho Southern onsot upon. Washington has ..been battled by the battle of last Wodnesday, but Washington has ' been saved, so to speak, by the skin of its tenth. What will bo the next stop, the opening of the third act of this bloody drama ? It seems to me that the South enters upon it much stronger tlmn when it entered on the' war upon 13th April, I8G1. Thoro is, > after more than oightecn months of war, no portion of Southern territory in Federal hands except Now Orleans, a fraction of Kentucky, ten miles of Viveinia round Washington, Fortress Monroe and Norfolk, Hilton's Head, and pos sibly Curaborlaud Gap. Tho powcrof rasiitanco of tho South during thia next wiutor has grown at least ns fast, if not fastor, than the Northern power of offence. Mobilo is.held bv three iron olad gunboats, to wliioh has been lately added the Ovioto, an English gunboat, with iron platos inside ready for adaptation, and n heavy armament. Charlestonand Savannah both huvo thoir iron elada ; the Merrimac, No. 2 is in James River. During the equinoctial gales and throughout the wmter tho blockade is mncli ewier to run. It is difficult to believe that mon, womon, and childron who have shown such dauntless resolution at tlio Southern Con federacy will require anything more than the merest ncccssnriea of life sb tbo conditions of their assistance. It ia equally difficult to be lieve that M'Clellan, with an army almost denuded of its officers and frightfully deci mated, will bo able, in bis own language, to push liis onomy to tho wall. Kentucky will afford tlio Confederacy nmplo provision for the next twelvo months, and there seems great probability that Kentucky will become entirely Southern. Genornl Bragg is threat ening Louisville, nnd is enid at this mo ment- to have called on it to surrender, under a threat of abandoning it to bo sacked by his troops. Anyhow, if ho foil back from Louisville, a large portion of Kontucky will remain in his hands, and immonso herds of hogs and cat'lo must air. ndy havo beon driven south. One of the greatest wants of tho South — salt — will have been supplied, at least in great measure, hy their occupation of the salt works iu tho Kanawha Valley. At this moment, when Kontucky is wavering in tho balance, President Lincolu lias thought proper to issue his long threatened proclama tion, declaring that tho slaves of all States in rebellion after 1st January, 1803, shall bo thenceforward and for ever free. Comp'naation for their' slaves is offered to loyal slaveholders — if tho payment for such Blavcs ill " grcen-baeks," of wliioh tho apparently inevitable destiny is gradual depre ciation until they become worthless — can be called compensation. There arc two remarks suggested by this proclamation. The first is, that it is exceedingly likoly to be unpulatablo to General M'Clellan and ltia army, with regard to which tho following Eto-y is told. Senator Wilson, of Massachusetts, is reported ns having remonstrated with tlio President about u tho ro-uppouitment of M'Clellan to tlio supremo command. The President repliot, " Tlio army will fight under 110 other man, and will lay down its arms if expected to support such men as yourself and your Abolition policy." There is no doubt that the army is Democratic ; there ia also litllo doubt that tho elections of next November will show that tho great State of New York ie Deino ' orotic also. How will this proclamation com mand ilsolf to tlio Democratic party, which is just about to allow itself the domiuant party of America ? But the justification of tliia proclamation leads mo to my second remark. It is promulgated evidently aa a sop to keep England and Franca quiet. I do not believe that there is tho least idea of carry-- ing out n wholesale emnnoipalion policy in good faith, even if tho' Washington. Govern- ment had the power, to enforce it. But above all other things, moro important oven than the conciliation of Kentucky, is tho desire to paralyze any action on the part of European nations. The North is bleeding at every pore',' but aho fancies that the South must" bo far mora Eorcly .cripplod. Give the Federals another" winter and enough water in.'tlib rivers for the gunboats, and it is confidently hoped- tluit tho Stars and Stripes will again float over rue entirety ot tlio tana. My own belief is; tlint tlio' sufferings in" 9tofo for poor human' nature, if the war last 'through the coming, winter, will' bo horrible; but I do not for a momont believe that tliey will -lead to tlio - subjugation of lli6 South.'. .They will probably lend to (ho. destruction of four-fifths of, tho 'cotton still remaining in tho Southern States, and of the French storaB of tobacco in Richmond, and will thus gravely enhance tlio sufferings of Europe. But it is impossible for any ono wifh eyes in his head to bo blind to the 'invincible determination of tho Southern people to attain their independence. Thoy have already shown sufficient power of endiiranco to give an tarnest of what tlioy will do and dare. From the earliest commencement of this strife, the argu ments of tbo Northern press and Northern statesmen have been logical and convincing that ono moro turn of the Northern wrist woti'd crush out tho feeble spark of life loft in tlic famishing heart of rebeldom. Whether ihrre is moro or less life than, when tho first drop of blood was abed, it is for impartial Europe to decide. . To-morrow, or.WodneBdey, 2ith September, there is a secret mooting of tho Governors of all the loyal stales, convened to lake- plaee.at Altoonn in Pennsylvania. This synod excites: much suspicion ;' and ominrtus suggestions, likening it to 'the Hartford Convention, are not Unheard. It is strange that the South, which went out of Hid Union in order to assert tho principle of State rights, has been wielded and administered -with tlio eentralnod force 'aiid harmony of. the sternest of dospolisms. A conscription throughout the length nnd.brcndtli of the lend lies bren "unflinchingly enforced ; not one sign of,- vacillation or resistance has ever beon permitted to break the Southern front. In the North tlic conscription couid not bo enforced without consulting overy Governor of every State; and in any one State a Governor resisting tho conscription might light up civil war within civil war. Ir, remains to bo seitn " whether tha President's proclamation, eo fiercely insistod upon by New England, will bo acquiesced' in without, n murmur by Pennsylvania, New York, and Indiana, tho great democratic States of the Union. 