GARDNER AGAIN. The following extremely respectable note and letter appeared in the Lachlan Miner of the 19th instant. The iliner published Gardner's letter, as we .give it below, with the annexed endow ment as to its authenticity : — We have received the following letter, pur porting to be from the hand of Frank Gardner, thfl notorious highwayman of .Lachlan and .Lamb ing Flat roads. The circumstances under which we became possessed ot the documents can be known, and the original copies, with the enve lopes and seals, seen by 'the curious, on applica tion at th's office, and they can then use what judgment they choose as to the genuineness of them. We give it to our readers as we received it: — 'To the Editor of the Burrangong Miner, Lamb ing Fiat. Sir, — Having seen a paragraph in ono of the papers, wherein it is said that I took the boots off a man's feet, and that I also took the last few shillings that another man had, I wish it to be made known that I did not do anything of the kind. The man who took the boots ivas in my company„and for so doing I discharged him the following tjay. Silver I never .took from a man yet, and the shot that was fired at the sticking-up of Messrs Horaington and Hewitt was by acci dent, and the man who did it I also discharged. As for a mean, low, or petty action, I never com mitted it in my life. The letter that I last sent to the press there had not half of what I said put in it.- In all that has been said there never was any mention made of my taking the sergeant's horso and trying him ; and that when I found he was no good I went back and got my own. A.s for Mr Torpy, he is a perfect coward. After I spared his life as he fell out of the window, he fired at me as I rode away ; but I hopo that Mr Torpy and I have not done just yet, until we balance our a- counts properly. Mr Greig haa accused me of robbing his teams, but it is false, for I know nothing about the robbery whatever. In fact, I would not rob Mr Greig or any belong ing to him, on account of his taking things eo easy at Bogolor.g. MrTotpyw«s too bounce able or he would not have been robbed. A word to. Sir W. F. Pottinger. He wanted to know how it wns the man who led my horse up to me at the Pinnacle did not cut rny horse's reins as he gave me the horse. I should like to know if Mr Pot tinger would do so ? I shall anBwer for him by Baying no. It has been said that it would be ad visable to place a trap at each shanty on tl.e road, to put a btopto the depredations done on the road. I certainly think that it would be a great acquisition to me, for I should then have an increase of revolvers and carbines. When seven or eight men could do nothing with mo at tho Pinnacle, one would look well at a shanty. Three of .your troopers were at a house the other night, arid got drinking and gambling till all hours. I came there towards morning, when all was silent. The first room that I ' w-.nt into I found revolvers and carbines to any amount, tut seeing none an good as my own, 1 left them.: I then went out, and in the verandah found the troopers Bound aslceo. Satisfying myself that neither Battye nor Pottinger were there, I left them as I found them, in the arms of Morpheus. Fearing nothing, I remain, Prince of Tobymen, Francis Gardner, the highwayman. Insert the foregoing, ar.d rest f atisfied you shall be paid.' — Burrangong Courier, 23rd April. Reduced Rates. — It will bo seen by our police report that his Worship tho Police Magistrate, taking into consideration perhaps the hardness of the times and the present scarcity of money, has reduced the penalty for drunkenness fifty per cent. ! This no doubt will be considered as a great boon by the tipplers, who, instead of paying fis, or, in default of payment, lying in gaol for twenty- four hours, will now be charged only 2s 6d, or in default twelve hours. We would ad vise the gentlemen who frequent the court for being 'under the influence' not to put too much faith in thiB seeming lenity of Mr M'Lachlan, for wewouliTnot be surprised, if they did, that they would find him, next time, just as determined to ?punish for the .vice 'of . drunkenness as ever he ?waB.—Beii,digo Adctriiser^Qth May. Accident by Fire. —An, aciident, attended by fatal consequenues, occurred on Thursday to a Mrs Parker, near the Rooky. Waterhole It ap pears she was removing a pot of coffefe, which was' boiling on a fire outside the hut, when her clotheB became ignited, and in a moment she was en veloped in flames. Her screams brought some men, who were at work at a distance '.to her aid, and the flames were extinguished, but not until the entire front of her body and shoulders were so severely, burnt, that the mnfortunate woman expired about eight o'clock in the evening. One of the, men who assisted in. extinguishing the flames, was severely burnt about the arras. — . Wagga Wagga Egress. Novel Visitor. — Some considerable excitement has been occasioned during the past few days by the nocturnal appearance, in the neighborhood of the Botanic Garden, of a man or some other creature, or the ghost of a creature,- dressed in white. It has been seen by several who are not likely to have supposed they saw something when they did not, but what it ia they have seen no one is able to declare. The agility of the object, and the readiness with which it does disappear, would rather favor tho idea that it is something else than mortal; for it leaps trees and hedges and fenceB with the utmost ease, and when pursued cannot be found. Ghost stories are somewhat out of season now-a-days, still there are those who' incline to believe this novel visitor to be a veri table ghost. We hear that a number of young men are po ing out with spears and other means of assault for the purpose of laying the ghost, but if it reads newspapers and sees this paragraph it will perhaps shun the danger, and save them their trouble and others their fears. — Portland Chronicle, 2nd May. Death under Suspicious Circumstances. — Some consternation was created in Braidwood on Wednesday last, in consequence of a reported mu:der on board the steamer Kembln, which ar- ' rived at Nelligen, that morning, having left Sydney at a late hour on the previous evening, and the town has been much excited in the desire to hear tho full particulars, which we gleaned by the arrival of the Clyde mail la6t evening. Mrs Anderson, sub-matron of the Annie Wilson, emi grant vessel, with two interesting boysof fourteen years and nine years of age respectively, was a passenger in the fore cabin of the Kembla. The parties retired to rest when the vessel left Sydney harbor, and in the morning Mrs Anderson was found dead in a berth under -which the boys slept, with a man lying over the uppermost part of her body, beastly drunk, and his hands over her face. ? The man was a married man, naifaed Collins!, a passenger for. the Gulf,' and hi* wife .was a passenger in the same cabin. When the body -was discovered,', it was taken out of the betth, and the face' and .neck was blue and livid. The pocket of'' deceased was searched, i but no purse or money or cheque could be found ; ' nothing but a small memorandum book. The de ! ceased was known to have had in her possession | Beven sovereigns and. a cheque for £2, drawn in her favor by the Immigration Agent. The b'ody , was transhipped by order of the captain of the : Kembla, on board the Black Swan steamer, and the man placed in custody on board that vessel. I When he was taken off the Kembla, he was not ' searched, nor was this done until he got to j Moruya, when a lew notes and some silver were . found upon him. It is also stated that Collins was seen to go to the water-closet by the steward of the Black Swan, where he remained twenty minutes previous to his arrival at Moruya, 'and ?when told upon what charge he was arrested, he i trembled violently and changed color, but nothing ] could be found. An inquest was held by_ Mr Caswell, the coroner of Moruya, and the jury ! arrived at the conclusion, as recorded by ? their verdict, that the deceased died from ? apoplexy. The brother of the deceased, Mr Tay j lor, of Bedervale, brother-in- law to Mr F. Neylan, of Strike-a-light Flat, having heard of the cir cumstances, proceeded to Moruya', and brought up : the boys by way of Nelligen, and they arrived last night by the Clyde mail. Considerable comment ' has been made upon the occurrence, more espe cially a3 tho body was transhipped to the Moruya, | instead of being landed at Nelligen, which was ! the destination of the deceased on her way to meet j her brother, and where the bulk of the evidence landed. The only witnesses who were taken down j in the Black Swan wero a married, couple who were passengers to Moruya. The question has also been mooted, that the company should award some compensation to the children for tho loss ol ? the mother, as gross negligence must have pre vailed in the steamer, to allow o.f the occurrence of such a circumstance.— ?Braidwood Observer. 