l.V-Tfae-blossing8- of thy father are strengthened 'with the blessings of his fathers.' — Genesis,- '-'???? 4^1-26.. '?'????? ' : f';n';Sb,;mu'ch for the Holy Spirit as disclosed in ''l!ihe Scriptures. ? ? .:.- ; -'Vl '?' I have one other important subject on which I ? ' '' i'wonld speak to you with the most affectionate ?' '' 'importunity.*. It is the duty of Paschal com '', munion. The Church, impressed with the !'.' solemn declaration of her Lord — 'Except you '? ' 'eat 'the flesh of the Son of msn, and drink his ''' Wood, you shall not have life in you.' — John, f -! ;6.' 5i — has laid down the rule, that .every ':.';' Christian who has arrived at years of discretion' shall receive Holy Communion every .year,' at i' least at Paschal tim«. This is the rule enjoined ['upon yon by that authority of whom' our V '.'.Savour said— {'He that heareih. you: heareth ^ Me,'—- and it has, been accompanied by; a ;? '\ caution, and a severity such '? as. the Church1 ;.';? rarely exhibits. Whosoever does not make his ? ' .'confession at least once in the year, and receive1 ; Holy Communion at the Paschal season, unless his confessor shall have seen good reason to delay , it for a time, is liable to be excluded from the ? '.Church' .whilst living, and when dead to be ;' deprived of Christian .burial. But, Deaily Beloved, 1 am loth to speak to you words of ?warning alone on such a subject. I would far rather that the love of our Saviour should con strain you. And when should this love be more ;' Iceen, more constraining, than at the glorious Easier tide, when you are celebrating his resur ' ? reetion, after dwelling on the memory of His bitter passion and death. He is man as well as God, and ha wishes to draw you with the cords of love. What more, He says, could I do for yon than I have done — ' Do this in remembrance 1 of me.'' Surely all the strength of natural ?affection, in those who have truly a human heart ?within them, as well as every movement of su pernatnral graces must urge you to comply with this request. He, who, from indifference and :'; lukewarmness, goes on from month to month. ? .and year to year, despising the Sacrament by vhis neglect, if indeed there be such an one, can . ^. scarcely, look oh himself as a Christian. He ?vrh'o cjings to some besetting sin, and ho goes V ,on. from year to year heaping scorn and insult .pri the love of his Saviour, how can he account ,,'of himself but as of one standinor hefora the .face' of heaven, defying, at once the. gentleness ;;of God's mercy, and the awfulness of ; His ?.threatenings. I fear much there be some who ''think -of the neglect of Paschal communion, as /if it were what they consider only. a. sin of omis tsiori. ? But are there not cases in which to ; omit what one should do is really to commit a ; most positive crime ? Let such : bethink tbem Belyeg that there is no neutral ground for a . ^nsHan man-s conscience in ? this -matter. Here, if 'any where, the warning of Jeaus holds t-^' He who is not with me is against me.' Betw-een worship and contempt lies yoiir choice, there is no mean.: Either you receive from Him the bread of angels, the pledge of your -future glory, the means of your present station, or, you rank with' the unblest crowd of the indifferent, the sensual, the blas phemers, who stood about the cross on Calvary, and gazed in carelessness or in hate. But let. us'.not contemplate any one's abiding in the way of destruction. Let us all hope and pray,, that all-mil come, that the long estranged will rouse their; courage, and abandon their sin. One good resolution, and then come ; stay not for unworthi ness. and weakness how great soever. Come in the sincerity of the moment, and trust tW vnnr Lord's; grace will sustain you against the sinful habit.that is in you. Come honestly, trustinglv, With your best effort, and then be sure that U you should fall, you will be raised again. Only, if .you would be strong, never stay away, from *he;9.?urC8of strength ; if you would be pardoned for sin, and cleansed rrom sinfulneas, do not hide yourselves from the Precious Blood— ?? Come Unto me all ye that ; labour; and are burdened, *nd I will refresh you.'— Matthew, 11. 28: M If- your sins be as scarlet, they shall be made , T.-.-.aSi white as snow : and if tbey be red as ..crimson, they shall be white as wool.'— jjj.-.Isaias, 1. 18. ?:..,': ^Lastly, to you, Dearly Beloved, to whom the .Faschar Communion is the crown of many other communions, who come His usual guests,. but as on a day of high festivity— to you I say, remember Uiat'your Lord having now ?« ascended on high'' gives ;«:gift8 unto men.' The conqueror scatters his gifts.' Ask then what you know He desires to ;gi ve you; and you shall surely receive. His \- X^n/^lr^»l3a'd b0aieS i3 the ordinary effect of Hia Body and Blood ; bat ask now. as yoir well may, other graces according to your necessities,, for yourselves, and for those whom you love.. A,k especially the grace of contri noa.Jor all who have hitherto neglected the l»»schal Communion. And ask also the grace otfpei'severarice, if you have resolved, as I trust yon have,. to continue, or to begin, th'o holv eastom of family prayer. * 'Otnhe datum optimum et donum perfectnm .? : oesufsum est.' . .. . , ? ' Ev?fy best gift, and every perfect gift, is from i-;;- .above.'1 ' ?'? ??. : ; ? ? ' . ? ' ?' ? r ? A. '$$'$*$ grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and We 'chanty of God. and the communion of the .Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.' \+ JOHNBEDE, '?»f:r ' : : .Archbishop: of Sydney. Feast of the Annunciation, A.D., 1862. lAugTRALUN Catholic Tjsachirb' Asso «1*TION;— The usual monthly meeting of the Au« trajian Catholic Teacher's Association wai held on the 5th inst., at three o'clock, in the Bohool-room of St^Benedictfar—Mr; O'D. Maloney' in Jhe chair. Inipursuance of a notice of motion by Mr. Carroll tt the last meeting,, a resolution was brought for Wid h- .thargerrtlemah to' the effect; lhat a copy of 'fcvoiiki entitled .'-Papers for-SchooImastera' 'be provided by the. Society for th« me of ita numbers, v 1^icii8sion then took: P.l«oe on the question : ftim \?*?CM$e:]- a,nd theroeeting Jthen adjourned P«il the fit3t Saturday in May. ' 