COLONIAL EXTRACTS. Sydney -i?--iirr;il fc-iesBiosis. (Froih lite Herald.} Before Mr. District Justice Dolling. ... ItOUllKUY WITH VIOLENCE. Robert Nelson was charged with violently as saulting and robbing one John Sanderson of the sum of ten shillings 011 the 21st of August hist. Mr. liutler appeared on .behalf of tlio Crown, and stated tlio lo&dmir; Cunts of tho. caso. ? a — ? ? ? ? Inspector Harrison deposed that he was present when the prisoner was arrested in the Govern ment Domain at night on the 21st of August. Heard detectivc Sanderson's whistle nnd went to . _ wards that officer; Sanderson had the prisoner in custody. Prisoner begged very hard to be let go on account of his child. He said that bad company had led him to that ' suit,' and that lie had not been on that ' suit' for some two years previous. He begged to bo let .off on account of his child. Witness saw two half-crowns picked iip in the grass after the apprehension of the pri soner. The coins had been previously marked. 'Witness had seen this marked money previously to tho apprehension of tho prisoner. John Sanderson, the detective constable, de posed that on tlie evening of tho 21st of August, last he was in the Government Domain with a young man dressed up as. a female ; saw prisoner jvatchiug him and his companion. Prisoner was '?ftdlowing them about, lie came up to theui when .they w.ire sitting down on the grass. Ho .eauie sik'cltnly Mp to them and said to witness: ''-rI:hayo-got you .'low ; this is nice c induct you ?? aro .carrying ou, you must come with me. A pi etty thing it is for u respectable man like you to disgrace:. hiinseli' iu this maimer.' Witness said : ' I am- a rcspeclablc man ; I liavo not dis graced myself, .and I .hope I never shall.' Iri : prisoner laid hold of him saying, lio must tako liim to: the - watch-house. lie dragged witness ? down the- hill for twenty ot thirty yards, in the direction of. Lady Maqquaricf- Chair. Witness said: 'There is no watch-houso in that direction, and I won't go- that -way.' 'Die p risoner said he would stand 'no more of liis-il ? d .humbugging, aiid that lie should go with him. Prisoner took witness up the hill again by tho collar of his coat. Witness stood still, and prisoner said : ' Of course you know the penalty — fivo pounds T' Witness said lie did no-* know that. Prisoner said : ' If you make me a .present I'll let you .go!' Witness said : ' I have d^e nothing wrong, and I shall -not do so. Who arc /oil to demand money of me ?'' Prisoner said : ' I'll u ? d soon joe you Know who I am. it you make _any re sistance I will 'call Mr. Johnson.' Witness £aid : ' Where is lie? and prisoner replied, ' lie is Just down 'thoro.' He also said-: ' How much money have .you got about you?' Witness answered that he had ten shillings and a ten-pound note. Prisoner said : 'What is that you have in your Land ?' Witness said it was ten shillings. Pri soner took it forcibly out of witness' hand, and put it into his pocket. He said : ' Ten shillings is of no uso to me ; I must have c25. You will have to go and get change; I will take care of the young woman while you go for it.' Witness . said, ' No ; if I go she shall go with me.' Wit ' uess turned to the supposed young woman and told him that the prisoner had taken the money from him, and laid hold of him to handcuff liim. The prisoner made a desperate resistance, and struck witness a severe blow on the head when he found out that he was a detective, ?finding himself getting the worst of it, he begged hard to be let go, saying that he had not been on that lay for two years before, and that gairfbling aud bad company had led liim to it again. Whilst the struggle was going on, two men cauie running towards them and prisoner said they were his pals. Witness blew his whistle, and warned them off. Inspector Harrison came up to wit ness's assistance, aud the prisoner was taken to the watch-house. The prisoner, who was undefended, cross examined tho witness at some length, with great coolness and effrontery, but failed in any degree to affect his testimony. In answer to the Judge, the witness stated 4l,„ ? : ? ? l. i ? i: ? .i„ i __ e ? i -u uil miu jn ibuiiL-r tuiicit luni turumy no iouiiu out that he was a detective. Witness declined to state who the young man was who was in his com pany in disgirise. He was a young man iu highly respectable employment, who would not like his .name to be mentioned. .A point of law was raised as to whether the 'offence, under the circumstances, was one of rob bery-, with violence or of stealing from the person. The judge decided that it was a caso of steal !ing;fromithe person that it must go to tho jury. The judge summed up, pointing out the bear iing of the facts of tlie case as disclosed in evidence, ;and commenting in strong terms npon the sneak ing and disreputable nature of tho offeneo of which, .if the jury wore to believe the evidence, ?the prisoner had been guilty. Nothing could be ?baser than such attempts to extort money as tho .evidence pointed out. The jury, without hesitation, returned a vol iliot of guilty of stealing. ' The prisoner said it was the first of which he liad ever been guilty, and expressed a hope that the Judge would be lenient with him. The Judge asked tho prisoner if it was true \- that he had a child dependent 'upon him. The prisoner said it was. Tlie Judge enquired if he liad a wife living. The prisoner -replied that ho had, but that he had for some-time been separated from hor. lio could not say it was Self fault or . his ; they could not agree. ' . Mr. Inspector Harrison slated that attempts to extort money from couples walking in the Do main after dark were now of very frequent oc currence. The parlies who practised this disre putable mode of getting money, and who resorted to it as a means of livliliood, wcro well known to tho police, and had frequently been pointed out to theyi^y parties who had been their victims, but wlitjjmild not be prevailed upon to come forward aud prosecute. The prisoner, with many others, h;ul been carrying oh the game for several years. He had been identified by ono gentleman, .from whom he had extorted monoy by threats of ex posure. Tho ruffians often resorted to violence when the^ met with any rosvslauce ill cases where they knew the parties maltreated would be un^ willing to prosecute. [Several of these, ca^fj .were then specially instanced by Mr. Harrison, -S-^jreiu parties hart 8&ea; robbed in tfysj&tnner;, 1\. .... _ y ? * - and money extorted from them ; tho names being of .course suppressed.] Largo sums of money from £5 to .£'20 at a time wcro thus frequently extorted from fear, or taken by open violence. When tho Domain got too hot for thoso persons tlicy resorted to'cortain localities in tho suburbs of Sydnoy, and thero practised tho samo $mnc. The evil has become intolerable— a matter of isuch general complaint that it had boon felt necessary' | to lako.it in hand. Hcnco tho present case., | __ The Judge in passing tho sentence, said it' waV perhaps us well that it should be known to any who might havo bcou guilty of tho offence for which the prisoner had been found guilty, that the Court conld sentence any who so transgressed tho law, to ten years on Cockatoo Island. He should not sentence the prisoner to tho extreme penalty iu tho present instance, but he should give him such a severe sentence as would act as a caution to him and to others who might be inclined to levy blackmail in tho Domain or anywhero else, lie himself had heard of cases where money had been thus extorted ; a gentleman had mentioned to him that he had been thus virtually robbed when walking ono evening in the Domain with his own wife. A charge of indecent conduct had then been held out as a threat to extort money, and, he regretted to say, the device had been suc cessful. The sentence of this Court, was that the prisoner be imprisoned for three years in Parra matta gaol, and be kept to hard labor. Tlie prisoner had apparently expected that ho should not be sent quito so far as Parramatta, for he smiled with an air of relief when he heard the sentence, and nodded with a careless familiarity to several of his friends in the Court. lie was re moved in custody. Death of an old Colonist. — Wo regret to have to record tho death of Mr. James Norton, for upwards of forty years a resident in Sydney, aud in every phase of his life a deservedly re spected colonist. Mr. Norton arrived in tlio colony in the year 181 S, and was admitted an attorney, solicitor, and proctor, of the Supremo Court ou the 1st May, 1S24, in company with Mr. W. IT. Moore, Mr. C. II. Chambers, and Mr. George Allen. Sinco that period lie has enjoyed a largo and most respectable practice, and always maintained a leading place amongst the most in* llucntial members of his profession. Mr. Norton nearly throughout his professional career, hold tho office of Registrar of the diocese of Sydnoy, aud consequently conducted the* legal branch of ccclcsiastical business of the Church of England. Of this Church, he was a zealous member, enjoy ing to a large extent, the friendship aud confi dence of tho late and present Bishops of Sydney Although somewhat reserved in his habits nnd manners, the late Mr. Norton occasionally took an ajctivo part in 'public business, entering warmly into the discussion of most of the impor tant'' -political questions of the day. Of later years at least- 4ho bias of his political opinions tended strongly towards liberalism, though he did not *rro the length of the ultra-reformers of tho present day. On the transportation question, Mr. Nor ton took his stand conspicuously amongst tho leaders of tlio abolitionist party. In general poli tics ho was a zealous and ci-usistont supporter of of the present Premier, Mr. Charles Cowper, wlvom lie proposed as a candidate at several elec tions, both for tho County of Cumberland, and the City of Sydney. On more than one occasion Mr. Norton was solicited to stand for tho city,' but, although ho would undoubtedly have received the support of the High Church party, lie always declined to come forward. Jn all matters iu which the moral, educational, and physical advancement of the colony was concerned Mr. Norton was ever iu the van, and his patriot ism, unostentatious but earnest and sincere, will, without the circle of his immediate friends cause his name to be long revered by large numbers of citizens. In private life, Mr. Nortons character was irreproachable , inclined to habits of study and seclusion,' the domestic circle was peculiarly tho sphere in rhich his many social virtues found their best developemont. Mr. Norton was twice married, and had eight children by his first wife imd five by the second. His eldest son, in com pany with his lato father's partner, Mr. Barker carries ou the old busiuess in Elizabeth-street and he has another son, a barrister, who was lately appointed secretary to the commission of inquiry, at the Fiji Islands. Mr. Norton died at his seat, Elswiclc, Petersham, in the 07th year of his ago. He had for some time been failing in strength, but his death was peaceful and and ex pected. The funeral, which, although, aunouueed as private,, will probably bo attended by many friends, will take place at three o'clock this day, the procession moving from Elswiclc to Christ Church, where the accustomed ceremonies will be solemnised, and subsequently to the family vault in the old Church of England burying ground, whero his remains will be interred. — Empire. Late Dreadful Accident on the South Lead. — On Sunday evening last, according to the announcement, the Rev. II. S. Seaborn; Presby terian Minister, improved this melancholy event in an impressive and appropriate discourse, from Job xiv., 10. — ' Yea, man givetli up tho ghost and where is he ?' Tho sermon was preached in the Royal Standard Theatre, which was crowded in every part by an intelligent and attentive audi ence, large numbers being miners, who seemed greatly affected nt the eloquent and solemn ad dress of the preacher. More than a hundred persons were unable to gain admission. Among those present, wc understand, was the heroic man (J. B. Stewart) who volunteered to go down -into tho shaft and bring, up tho bodies of the unfortu nate persons who were suffocated. This ho ac complished at the risk of his own life — a noble act of humanity which wo hope will iiot bo for gotten by tho .inhabitants of this gold-field. — Lachlan Observer. Tiie Commercial Dank and Mil. Toitrv. — It will be in tho recollection of our readers that amongst the stolon;, gold appropriated by king Gardiner and Co., at uie period of the escort robbery, was a parcel consisting of 129 ounces, belonging to Mr. Torpy, which had been for warded with the gold dispatch, by tho Commer cial Dank ; and the question arose whether, under the circumstances of tho case, Mr. Torpy or the Bank would bo the loser- Some correspondence ljii4 taken plase in reference to the matter, which liairesulted in a denial by the Dank of its re sponsibility, but a liberal undertaking to reim burse him in the value of the gold. This fact is highly creditable to. the directory, and deserves Rjiecial notice, — Lachlan Miner i Manv a Slip hktween the Cue ani- Tin: Lie. — A correspondent, writing from Eingal on 14th instant, to the//. 2'. Advertiser, says : — An incident forcibly illustrating tho truth of the oil proverb, that ' there is many a slip between the cup and the lip,' occurred here last Sunday. A couple wero to bu'e been married, and the blush ing bride and happy bridegroom — duly escorted by thoir respective attendants, repaired to the building used for Catholic worship, to have the nuptial knot duly solemnized, Beforo the con clusion of divine service, it appears that the bride groom suddenly disappeared. The priest pointed out to the bride the difficulty of getting through tho ceremony without the presence of the bride groom. Sho immediately rushed out in search of liim, and having discovered him in a clump of wattles, bore htm back iu triumph, in company with her bridesmaids. Whilst .however, tlie bridal party was being reorganised, the bride groom made his escape, tho bride being in full pursuit. This time however he managed to se cure a horse rea.ly saddled and bridled, by means of which he escaped, aud has not since been heard of.' Oiustinate. — A remarkable instance of obsti nacy appears in our report of tho Court of Gene ral Sessions of the Peace held at tho Court House yesterday. A man named Michael M'Gee, ar rested for debt aud confined in Gaol at the suit of Mr. 11. M. Ayre, manager for Sir Richard Dry made an application for groats, or in other words petitioned the Court to order his detaining credi tor to furnish him with means to support while in gaol. Jt seems thai M'Gee is a somewhat troublesome tenant, and consequently hfs landlord is desirous to get rid of liim if possible. With that view tho solicitor to the detaining creditor has frequently offered to release him, and forego the debt, providing he consented to give up his interest in the lease of tlie farm. M'Gee has always refused this^offer, aud when the solicitor asked liim in Court if he would como to any ar rangement whatever for surrendering the lease he again most positively refused. He would make it over to his brother's children, or anyone ? else, so long as it did not fall into tlie hands of his landlord. Of course, under these circumstances, the Court had no power to compel the detaining creditor to support M'Gee, and he was accordingly sent back to prison, the Chairman intimating that he could no longer made an order for supplying him with gaol rations. To illustrate further the obstinate character of the man, we may mention that ho has nothing that he can turn into money, except tho lease, and consequently has no means with which to procure food for himself while in gaol. For tlirco whole days ho did not taste any thing, until at length somo of his fellow debtors took compassion on him and gave him a portion of their victuals.- When this was discovered by the gaoler, he communicated with the authorities, and tho Chairman of the Court made an order directing tlio Governor of the Gaol to supply M'Gee with gaol rations. This order was carried out until yesterday, when the petition came on for consideration. As no more rations will be sup plied, M'Geo has no alternative but to starve or else give in. At tho rising of tho Court several of the magistrates endeavored to persuado M'Gee to come to terms with Mr. Douglas, but he doggedly refused to tako their advice, and declared he never would surrender tho lease. — Launcaston Ex aminer. Inquest. — The Windsor correspondent of the Empire writes: — An inquest was held on Thurs day, at the Union Inn, Richmond, before Mr. WlJte, coroner, and a jury, on view of the body Sophia Cross, aged seventeen years. From the evidence of William Cross, father of the deceased, it appears that, living at North Richmond, he heard of the deceased having been burnt, and hastened immediately to Richmond, the deceased then laying at tho residence of her employer. On his own responsibility, ho had her removed to the residence of William Doyle, Catholic schoolmas tor, where she, shortly after arrival, expired. In answer to a jilryman the witness staled that the deceased had expressed a wish to see the Wind sor priest. Dr. Ilallinan and her employer objecting to allow the priest to see her, he (the witness) removed her to the above mentioned placc for the purpose of the deceased receiving the last rites of her Church. Crisford's family appeared very kind to her. The evidence of Caleb Crisford Went to prove that he was a bricklayer, and; While at work on the day pre- ; vious a messenger came aud told him his servant girl had caught lire. He went home and found the deceased under the care of Dr. Selkirk. In answer to a juryman, the witness stated the doctor gave possitivo orders to allow no person in the room but those iu direct attendance on de ceased. lie did not know what faith the girl professed. Alexander Elliott and Margaret Grif fiths deposed to seeing the deceased in tho yard with her clothes on fire. Mrs. Crisford was en deavoring to put the fire out with a blanket, but Elliott extinguished it with a bucket of water. A fire was burning in the yard, aud tho wind was strong at tlie time of the accident. Dr. Selkirk was called in to attend the deceased. Ho found her severely burnt from the feet upwards to the lower part of the body. The parts most severely burnt were the hip, loins, aud inner part of legs. The shock to the system was so severe that she could never have recovered. He, how ever, applied the usual remedies. In answer to a juryman Witness stated that ho forbade any ono to see her except thoso in actual attendance, and the father promised that his instructions should be complied with. Ho heard the deceased say she did not want the priest, her head was too heavy. Dr. Selkirk then certified that it would be imprudent for Mrs. Crisford to attoud to give evidence from the stato sho was in. The jury then returned a verdict of accidental burning. An amount of dissatisfaction was occasioned among the Catholic portion of tho community, by the refusal of the deceased's employer, asabove stated, to allow tho Catholic clergyman to attend deceased in his house. lie is, it appears, a Wes leyan, tho father, Win. Cross, being a Protestant, and the mother a Catholic. ' They supposed it to have arisen from bigotry, hence their annoyance, Judging from the evidence given, it appears there was no necessity to removo the unfortunate girl in her dying moments for the solo purpose of re ceiving the administrations of her clergyman. The caution given by medical men, usually,, to keep Mio patient quiet from visitors, does not apply to spiritual attendants. Crisford's conduct: therefore appears most unjustifiable. It certainly wa3 an inhuman act, to remove tho poor crcaturo in her dying moments, and when she must have suffered the most excruciating agony from the injuries re ceived. Certain statements have been made tome by residents of Richmond, detailing at greater length tho particulars of this apparent outrage on sullering humanity; but I havo thought fit to j confine my remarks solely to the sworn evidence | at the inquest. 