GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. EECTDBF,.—This evening a Lecture will he delivered by the l!ev. J. K. Tucker—Agent for tlic British and Foreign Bible Society—lit the room of the St. George's Parochial Association. Tin subject which the reverend gentleman has chosen is—" The operations of the Bible Society in connection with the Church of England Missions." Tins GOAT NUISANCE.—The complaints of the depredations committed by these exceedingly mischievous animals are still many, but tluinks to the vigilance of the officers appointed the animalare now kept under better restriction. For m mo time the cost of an information against a periui allowing his or her goats to be at large has been seven shillings aud six-pence, His Worship tin Mayor, however, at the conclusion of the Court business yesterday morning, very properly fixrd the costs of the information for the future at bal'i a-crown. We believe that about twelve inform . tions are already laid for the next Court day. VALUATION ROI.I., HOBAHT. —A Gazette Extraordinary was issued yesterday containing 111 Valuation Boll for the District of llobart. It i- notiiied that appeals against the valuations wil be heard at a Court of General Sessions at tin Court of HequestsOlBce, Murray-street,'oil Mondat 2nd of June next, at 11 o'clock ; notice of appen; to be given to the Clerk of the Peace at least iivi days prior to that date. WANNING TO JURYMEN.—Our attention has beer, called to the manner in which the summons-s to: Coroner's Juries arc treated by the persons sum moiled ; many pay not the least atention to il, am; seem heedless of the consequenees. At on inqnesheld yesterday the names of three persons were called who were not in attendance, and Mr Jones said that for the future heshould inflict the nsun 1 fine upon all so offending. WHEAT.— 1 The attention of those dealing in this article is directed to the factthattlie Cuiwm'x soriat invite Tenders for the supply of ln.nm Bushels of clean Colonial wheat, the Tender* must be sent ill oil or liefhre the 23rd instant, an.; the time lixed for the doliverv extends to the 30tl, June. * 1?,VALID DEPOT, BIHCKFIELDS.—In compliance with a request from the inmates, a deputation from the Committee of the Temperance Alliance visited this establishment last evening, and envi an exhibition of their Magic Lanlhorii and Dissolving \ lews. Temperance melodies were also sung. A large number of the men were present, whom conclusion gave expression to the pleasure they had received by three cheers most heartily given The following letter has since been forwards! to the Committee :-l,.vahd Depot, Brickfields, Hobart Town, 15th May ISG-> Gentlemen—Wo cannot express our gratitude and thankfulness for the kindness you Imd the goodness to afford lis yesterday evening, in having displayed before lis the many splendid views from the Magic Lanthoru. We were (at least many of us who never before had the opportunity of seeing such a sight) astounded with delight, aiid we may say rapture; we can never be so grateful as we ought for this consideration on your part, together with that of the gentlemen who worked the Janthorn, and who otherwise kindly amused us; our thanks aud gratitude are due to these gentlemen and to our own good Superintendent, who no doubt exerted himself in obtaining for us this rich gift- We can now only add once more the expression of grateful hearts, and beg to subscribe ? ^"orespect. Gentlemen,your very obedient and highly gratified servants, the In- AnS. p° the g 0 ," 0 - 3 " 1 -" 1 of the Committee, T™G«®SON OF BOME—A letter from Home of die 1st February in the Gazette du Mio ses that on the preceding night a meeting of tiie Ambassadors of Russia, Austria, Prussia^ Spa n! and another Power probably BaVia, took pla« at the Vatican. The question of tlie ^ssible l™ parture of the French Troops from Jtome Kng been opened, and the great dangers totheseeuri y of the l'opc and the tranquility of the City of Komc, which might result therefrom, being carefully examined, the Ambassadors declared that in case of the withdrawal of the French, those troops would be immediately replaced by a division of the German army, charged to watch over the person of the Sovereign Pontiff and the tranquility of Borne. ENGLISH SUBJECTS ABROAD.—Any person who requires evidence of the soUcitndewith which England watches over and groteeta bermtlijecte. even the meanest of, them, in whatever part of the world they may be, will find it iu the following occurrence .-—At the last assizes of the Bouchesdu- Bhone two English sailors were tried for murder. The Court appointed M. Boutcillc as advocate to defend diem, aud they were acquitted. Tiie English Consul at Marseilles hastened to Aiv to thank the advocate, and oficr him bis fee, which lie declinod to accept, and the Consul left with the two sailors, whom he sent to England. Shortly afterwards M. Bouteille received a case containing the collection of English lairs in five volumes, richly bound, and bearing Queen Victoria's arms, and the inscription—" The English Government to M Miutial Bouteille, advocate at Aix, in recognition of tiie talent, zeal, and disinterestedness with which lie defended its sub- jects.".— THE ENGLISH DIVORCE CounT.—'The Divorce Court lias astonished every one. The Act has been in operation for only four years, and from parliamentary returns it would seem tliat 1,200 petitions for dissolution of marriage and for judicial separation have been filed. The impression entertained generally, when the first rush of business took place ill the new court, that it was tlic arrears of past wrongs, lias proved to be erroneous. The business uf the court at the end of the fourth year of its existence shows that, instead of diminishing, the number of cases increase, and at the commeiicmcnt of the present year the list of causes ready for trial is considerably greater than before. Judging from the reports of causes already disposed of, it does not seem that the sweeping allegation, f6mier!y generally accepted, that the aristocracy as a class were more depraved than any other! borne out by the facts hitherto established. From tlic mass of business before the court it would 6eem hardly possible for even tiie indefatigable Sir Cresswell Cresswcll to get through it. The amended act will shortly expire, aud it is therefore quite possible that then the whole question of the constitution of the court will be gone into.— Instead of retaliating upon the man who calls you bad name?, coolly inform him you have not sufficient confidence in his veracity to believe him. A pedagogue was about to flog a pupil for having said he was a fool, when the boy cried out—Oil, don't I don't 1 I wont call you so any more I I'll never say wliat I think again in ail the days of my life." L'uiciiiriji. ACCIDENT.—During lunch hour in a School-room in Montreal lately some litle girls were conversing upon ghosts. One ot the young disputants, a fine girl 13 years of age, said warmly and loudly that before a gliost should catch her, she would throw herself out of tiie window on the sill of which she was sitting. The preceptress, who was in the room at the time, tapped her desk a6 a warning to make less noise, when this unfortuate young lady, startled by the noise, or her nervoussy^tem terribly worked upun, fell or threw herself out of the window and died soon afterwards. A WEDDING UNEXPECTEDLY DEFEBREIJ.—Two inhabitants oftlie parish of Capel, having reciprocal feeling, determined on stepping within the connubial cb'clc. Bans were duly published, and tlic happy pair presented themselves at, the hvineiieal altar on Sunday, Feb. 2. The clergyman proceeded with the ritual ceremony, the would-be bridegroom responding at the proper time"! will." As the formula and promise of fidelitywas being read to the intended bride the man "burst out in laughter; the clergyman closed his book, stayed the proceedings, and having admonished them in his usual courteous manner, left the 6aered edifice and tlic disappointed couple.— ROMAN Sciii.rTDnEs Fon THE GREAT Exmni- TION.—British sculptors ill Home who propose contributing marbles to the International Exhibition are now busily employed in superintending the packing of their respective works. Mr. Gatley's colossal husso reH'.vo of the destruction o Pharaoh's host in the Ued Sea. Mr. Cardwell's roup of Cupid aud Pun aud statue of Diana, and Mr. Spencer's colossal group of Pharaoh's dauchtcr finding the infant Moses, are striking productions to be forwarded f Mr. Gibson's contributions arc already in l-"n»lind • but I fear the public will not be satisfied with a sight of his celebrated Venus, as the proprietress of that, capo d'opera, Mrs. Preston, pnz« jt too highly to risk its carriage In and from the hibuion.— DivoncE CAPE is HIGH LIFE.-A suit for divorce of extraordinary interest, even in the remarkable records of the Divorce Court is likelv we understand, to occupy the attention 'of Kir 0 Cresswell towards) the latter end of the present month, 111 which both the petitioner and the re spondeut are members of the aristocratic claw* while the co-respondent is said to be connected mth a leading mainif.icfurin.tr firm at SheftVM 1 he husband, the Marquis of W , the rein ein^ talive of an ancient Irish peerage, entered into the marriage state it is state,1, ,u the venerable a-e of hree score and ten. selecting as his partner for ife an attractive voting]ady, only 2o v'crlrs of harly in last year while on a visit to (he Continent, 'lie marchioness became acquainted ,-iI Paris ,,-jih •fVw- :. t^f^»t<<»^q)reseiitativeofa Sheffield firm in that cny. The inlimacv HUK formed •iooii became of a very cordial description and re- -ulted in a correspondence, which continued after •he return rfthe maichinness to Kn ><and ' Jn May, 1861, the marchioness, evidently in aecorlance with a previous arrangement with Mr C went down to Matlock, iu Derbyshire, on pretence of needing change of air. X„t many days -,"fter the arrival of the marchioness at Matlock, apartments were engaged for herself, her maid and a voting gentleman, nt an hotel not far from the Uotanie Gardens. Sbetlield, ostensibly for a new h-- morried pair on a bridal tour. Their Slav prolonged to a month, during which they imsMl the time yer, pleasantly in making excursions in t ic neighbourhood of Sheffield, never failin" how- • or. to pay« weekly visit to Matlock: mid on caving the hotel expressed their satisfaction 'it •lieaccommodation that had been afforded th»m The wc/if of this agreeable iripto Sheffield' ias only recently transpired, On Friday last lb- •iroprietorof the hotel in question waV surprised iy the visit of a ;;cnllenian who announced that be was a member of a leg;1l firm i„ London, aud "Suit bis business was to serve a siibiia ia upon tne inlieeper. bis wife and his barmaid, 5 wiuiess?s n the pending divorce case of \V— -r. AV ind C—. which is fixed to wine o about the l!tlh inst. H,.ha-l travelled from J.„„. 'ii specially to serve the subpoenas personally It now belic- .'ed that t he object „f fyv.ig weekly to Matl.,^ was for the purpose of receiving or renlvimr to any letters from the marquis or from any other correspondent, a.-- no enmnimiieations were ever transmitted by po-t during their sinv in Sheffield There is no doubt, moreover, ihat the visit to Matioek was made available by the marchioness by •nvaiigj.-n,cut wiili Mr. C at -SbcflHd. „, d p.,sf„„; ,IS !ns T]|p di of theclandcsn,te correspond:.;ce was made, it is stated, m the most singular iun,>ser Mr C corresponded wi:h the marchioness through tiemedium of Uiz , .Inwcs, the lady's maid, and hv -ome „,,<cl-„.,c • , r other the mar.,,,,'., happened to >p,'H a letter addressed to the maid, and fmmd an inclosure for tlic iii;i,vliioncss. Curiosity .rompled bun to to read it, and he f.-und it. w.-i^ from the co- respondent C - lie then interrogated thonnid. who contend to the irrogularitie* of her mislres*. The consequence w„s„n immediate seyaratiDi. and the e,iabli<l,.u(,,t of (he present »mt. The damages .hv laid at X.Um. and Sergeant Slice is lcndnig counsel for the pelitioner. IJ.'.MES* KAXCV WOHK Talking. QI;F.STIOX rou A DHUATIX.I SOCM-TV—Does a Quaker love the sea for its broad brim ? SCFAI: iv A Tin;.vi.]:nsToini.—.lfa,„.. oh, Augustus, I want ID rsk you something so much Augustus: "What is it dear .}/,„•„. «js it „.„ that—that—thaL hoops attract ligliining r" A Nct DISH. A gentleman, whose knowled-e oftlie 1- reneh was limited U) a few words ami Who was Ignorant of the meaning even of those called in at one of ourrrench restaunims-ifewd u s since for his dinner. " Vat vill you have sarc said the attentive French waiter. ' I'll tike some of that-thut-whut.do you call it ? san,e as I had yesterd.iy—some French dish or other " 1 do wti recollect, sarc, vat yon did have day before dis.' —•<• Ob, some find fish—let's „ f 'r! , fto * rhamhrc—I believe that's what they call il." The poor waiter shrugged his shoulders, and put on n look of p,-r feet astonishment When hie customer called for a fned chambermaid. PAINFUL, III;T D.UIOHAIH.E.—In the notes of an army surgeon we find the following :—J remember one day, in making my hospital rounds, a patient just arnved, presented me nn amputated forearm' and in doing sojcould scarcely refrain from abroad laugh; the titter was constantly on his face "What is the matter?—this does not strike me" as a subject of laughter."—" It is not, doctor • but excuse me, I lost my arm in so funny a way' that I still laugh whenever I look at it. Our first sergeant wanted shaving, and got me to attend liim, as I am a corporal. We went together iu &oixt; of Ins tent; I had lathered him, took him by the nose, and was just applying the razor wlieu a ioinnon liaU came, and that was the last f ^w of his head and my arm. Kxcuse me, doctor, foHaughmg so, but I never saw such a tMng be- Afessager de Provenre. Observer. Sussex Exjiress. letter from Rome Star. -/;J,7„ \- 7 / cienrnph. 