i INDIAN VERSUS AMERICAN COTTON. (From the Bengal Hurkaru, March 25.) THE possession of the English cotton market is now the great question of the commercial world. America has had it; can India have it Bold speakers, some in England, some in India, say that America will always hold it-that India cannot get it though she do her best. One thing in the abstract, all allow ; namely that slavery is a false principle in labour and that nothing is so ruinous as a false principle in other words, slavery must one day ruin those who look to it for wealth. This being so, the American slave cotton supply cannot be permanent in the full sense of the word. When and how slavery is to ruin it is slowly but surely developing itself before the eyes of all who observe closely, and know that God lives, and that right rules the world. Commerce, however, deals with the concrete. It will have proximate facts and leave ultimate principles to philosophy. None the less sure that slave labour carries ruin in its right hand to those who undertake to live by it, we now lay that eternal verity out of the discussion, and proceed to summon facts, only facts, to prove that India has no reason to despair. We do believe that the actual permanence, for any lengthened period, of the Confederate supply of cotton, as commanding the English market and making it useless for India to attempt the supply-is a folly and a chimera. Were the total possible supply from India to be confined to Surat staples asd to cotton grown along the Bombay coast, the case would be different. Had not efforts to im- prove our Indian staples. been heretofore mainly conducted by government and been almost untouched by the grand stimulant of personal interest, the case would be different. So would it if new lands were not opening up in every part of India, whose varied soils are to effect changes in the staple which none can foretell, i Look at the improvement wrought in the potato, the mango, the plantain, and many other things here which Individual, not government action, has refined, and that within very brief periods. These are but indications of what may be done with cotton. Nil desperandum, we say ; believe and work, and you can do it Now, then, for facts that bear against the, statement that India cannot gain a hold worth having, on the English market, nor keep it if she gets it. A widely copied articled from the Economist, fully endorsed by the Times of India, and entitled Indian versus American Cotton, comes just now in our; way. And we propose to meet it as drawing the large con. clusions from small premises, as ignoring the present actual condition of things in America, and overlooking vital facts touching the cost of raising cotton in the two countries. We believe, in the first place, that the civil war is so changing the slave's condition, and the relations of things about him, that it is next to impossible that he should ever again, as a slave or even as a freed man, turn out his four million bales of cotton annually at its usual cost, or even the half of it. The slave's position in America is already sufficiently changed to convince a tolerably close observer that what he has done, he may not do again. We dare not believe that emancipation is to be soon declared, even in the event of the entire success of the Northern arms. Emancipation is possible, but not probable-what then ? We think even then, it is quite clear that we are not to expect the return to cotton culture, under the whip, of more than a considerable fraction of the three or four millions of American negroes who have been hitherto devoted to it. On the one hand, Mexico is getting occupied by those who will not allow her soil to be further encroached on by propagandists of slavery. Even Texas, who left Mexico some years since and seceded to the arms of slavery, is raising upland cotton' with some success, by the labour, not of free negroes, but - of whites, chiefly immigrant Germans, What may some of this experiment, " know not except- _TP»a*. a stretches question of their own life or death mmw, ABC "real Station of the slave power in the the slavery variously evidenced. ' j; ' . We have not space to-day for other fact that go to prove the day gone by for ever when slaves caribe, Sunted on Northern soil, or slave uprisings the She kept down by Northern bayonets. And if so we see more than the beginning of the end of American slavery. We cannot shut our eyes to the well defined limitations of a prairie fire which, were very long, must burn itself out. Our reference now, however, is to the article entitled Indian v. American Cotton." This article undertakes to affirm, in ex cathedra style, TAA great state of the case." It declares in the outset that " entire misapprehension prevails on this subject, and that " strange and transparent delusions are daily propagated concerning it through the various organs of the Press." In the same modest tone it considers it an abuse of language to say that any prejudice in judging the case can possibly exist in the minds of cotton spinners in that part of the world. It is claimed that in judging the question they grasp the subject in all its relations and rightly weigh all considerations, whether of the past or of the future. "We do not accept the argument of the Economist, nor believe that, in this instance, he has hit the real state of the case. This, we believe, will be better understood, in view of a few such facts . SB those given above, and such as we add here very briefly. 1. We deny that no improvement is to be looked for in the staple of Indian cotton. AU fruits, plants, and animals are found capable of untold modifications by transplantation, crossing, and cul- r ture. By a scientific treatment of germination, unexpected results appear, and that often which may , be promptly and widely used by the common labourer and least schooled cultivator. To say that Indian cotton-that even Surat cotton must always be what it always has been, and never be improved, seems like one of those strange and transparent delusions " which this writer so illiberally denounces in those who differ from him. He seems to have forgotten the magnificent deltas of the Ganges and the Indus, though one would imagine that the, name of Dacca could hardly have escaped one conversant with cotton. Both these delias are British possessions, and both are as well supplied with means of r transport to the sea as New Orleans itself-the Calcutta of the American States. India can raise only the inferior article, he says, an article permanently and necessarily inferior, and bearing the relation to American cotton of oats to wheat. Upon the unalter- able a nature of this inferiority, which seems to us " an entire misapprehension," he builds his argument. Why, it is scarcely three-fourths of a century since the seed of that queen of the cotton plants, the Sea Islands cotton, was first brought over seas from the Bahama, " Islands into Georgia. Thence it subsequently found its way into South Carolina, were the chief part of this crop is. now grown. Who shall say that as 1 marked changes are not possible on the shores of India by transplanting and importation. Is no prejudice at work in the denial of such a thing as possible ? No one doubts that it is now " of shorter fibre than Orleans " or that because so much more of it as now gathered, " falls down as dirt or flies off as dust and flock that a pound of Surat makes much less yarn than a pound of Orleans." True enough, that by reason of this waste " its value to the manipulator is never more than two-thirds that of an equal weight of its American rival." The arch fallacy lies in following up the statement of so obvious a fact with the tremendous non sequitur; which the Economist takes special pains to italicised " its value never can be more." Surely, all things are possible to him that believeth, whether in commerce or in creed-at least to an Englishman. " It never can be more" valuable than now ! Here is prejudice and assumption with a vengeance ! True, we say, it never can be better until it is improved : or, to use the words of the Economist, so long as its "(dirty)' quality and (Rocky) character remain unaltered. Quite true. There's ne'er a villain living in all Denmark, But he's an arrant knave 1 There needs no ghost to tell us that. The question is, are the characteristics of Surat to be the charge- _ teristics of all Indian cotton through all time. The affirmative answer which the Economist gives to this query constitutes, we repeat, the fallacy which mines and destroys his entire argument. All sorts of improvements, we repeat, are now coming into India as never before since the memory of man. Now is her opportunity ; now is the tide in her affairs which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. As she values a high place among the nations let her not make light, as this writer does, of " the year or two's start" which is now tendered her, during the American war, by a favouring Providence. Two years is time enough for her if she will bestir herself. She may, if she choose, escape from her place of thraldom and low esteem, to such open sail- ing as will make her mistress of the situation beyond interference or dispute. No mean authority, Mr. T. Bazley, says in an, article in the Athenaeum of September 14, 1861, 2 entitled "A Glance at the Cotton Trade," "thatsmall supplies of cotton, as good as that obtained from Ntvjl Orleans are now received" (in England) from India and the cotton of this vast dependency is certainly improving." What says the Economist to this He seems to lose sight of another fact which he would do well to bear in mind ; namely, that the cost of producing cotton in America though cultivated by. men to whom no wages are paid, is just about double what it is in India. It is three pence the pounding America on the average And in India but three halfpence per pound. Think of that, such as mean to plant cotton in India on lands accessible from the sea j.; , know that if you can save the present cost of carriage . you can save the market of England, and so, in a sense save India ! Surat is not India : nor is the Bombay Presidency India. And it is absurd to treat as fixed for ever in the unalterable nature of things the present and passing accident of the time, namely, that " for every purpose for which Surat is, or can be made available, Orleans is just half as available again." In view of the large variety of Indian cotton plants, howfutileis it to argue that the American and the Indian plant " are specifically different." Or that, since the American plant, the .' Orleans " is undeniably an exotic in India, we have no resource but to raise inferior cotton to the end of our days. Or that America is sure to supply England cheaper and better than any other country, so long as it shall suit her " to send cotton at all." Believe not, India, " for it would not be true ! In fact, yourdar ye outlays for cotton cultivation deny it. The entire argument for which we now express our respectful but decided dissent, is ruinously based upon 'too narrow premises. Again, we need not dwell upon the open secret, but the time is near when the American cultivator will cease to work for no wages at all, with the whip at his back, and no hope in the future. With or without emancipation it is not-it need not be true, " Southern States of America will always be the cheapest and best cotton field in the world. If "they have abundant labour," and " extraordinary richness," BO has India ; if they have capital, great intelligence, and energy, and access to scientific appliances on " the part of the governing race," so has india in equal measure. What means the Economist, then, when he says that "no other country can be named, beside America, which is not comparatively very deficient in one, or more, of all these necessary elements of cheap production." We doubt it. The assertion is a bold one, and on the part of India we challenge the truth of it. ! . . CHARLES DICKENS' CONTEMPLATED VISIT TO AB,. TRALIA. The Melbourne Argus of the 10th, adverting to this matter, says About five months ago, Messrs. - Spiers and Pond wrote to Mr. Dickens, offering him a large sum of money to visit the Australian colonies and give a series of readings in them, from his works, for a twelvemonth at the same time pointing out the great advantage he would derive from the study of a life and character in an entirely new field, and the full benefit he would confer upon these colonies by making them better known in the mother country is through the medium of those works which he would probably found on his Australian tour. By the mail - which left England in February Messrs. Spiers and Pond received an answer from Mr. Dickens sufficiently encouraging in its tone to justify a prosecution of the negotiation and as Mr. Spiers was about visiting England, he was charged, on behalf of the firm, with the duty of arranging the matter with Mr. Dickens, and was empowered to make such on advance upon the original offer as would convince that gentleman that the entrepreneurs were prepared to carry out this enterprise in a munificent spirit. FAMINO ADVICE.-" My son," said a descendant of St. Patrick, to the heir of his principles and his stick, " take this shillelagh, and whenever, you see a ' fight go in-whenever you see a head hit it You may not always be right, but 'it's better to be sometimes wrong than too late at a shindy." 