? X M^^ffanl irftuK^eqn^ ra- • lodge Of Ui sit.nmrBi r South Wnlos Wait, turns out I to be Gardner "SS^S bnt It was a clear case of mistalcen |tlie promotion of <^eomlng% 0 UaltanTt frora ;SncK!K« lMt, mu stopped near t robbed of £2 7*, he c Seta* who the men were. F MtthC l^rn numter wd overpowered him, ^^.ter riflinetbe whole of Id, pocket. lifts been in the lock-up at i tiietsep™ i_ n_. threeTOonthi,onsuBr^00 01 ^".kn' Woorooma station, has at lenfrth it~iC"to»a robbedhim of a few thilling* fflhPted on hit and abuied Him. They Lioff night being dark, thcyconld not SsL—BaBaret Paper. „ JL <nd believed to be a respccUble ttadesl irlio had a mask on, attempted to commit an rit MM a couple of toTHis first essay was tastratei, bat, cm J&W.; the cowardly fiUwr strnc* a blow at m nissed one of their heads, and at rock hii S'jwm a nail, which induced him tomakeoff— GOLD.—Dr Reeves, of Melbourne, F prwent in Creswickfc watching the procoses fend in obtaining gold, and in brtogwg wto r a pikn on wMefc he ha* been for some time bua! to Mvc tlie finegold now generally wasted, ftows shartlr to be in a position to place the bcesiWore tli mining pahllc.—Cresirick Adixr- Rtt Boi'w Mnrtiter of Monday *ays tint the oriilin fjTOitrof the conYict Ilaigh receiriag anratation of hi* sentence, has boon signed hjr ml 1,900 Moon fa Sandhurst, Comprising mbes of cw7 section of the community. It J probably be forwardedto His Ereellency ter or to-morrow. It is a question whether the iuoral would sot stand a greater chance of tog received, and better attended to, if intrusted one or two influential dtizens, than forwardedby The findof nuggets at the Whlpstiek, to which sslloiled eomedar* ago,seems to boon the loess, as we hire been inlonned of the sale of two three fc Sandhurtt, daring the week, nne bed If oj. and another 18 oz. Oar informant cd that tie heard ot a nugget weighing 4 lb«. ii htd rewardedthe perseverance of a miner, epwndio thelosality of Splitter*'Gully lias s very eiteniiTely taken up lately for puddling m many of the owners of which are doing pSiriy. Several disputesas to the [ossession "-rowl, repairingthe interference of the warden,; c Uken dace, which may be looked on u> i sip) «f the payable nature of the gnraod. 'Smnhlnglikea I'ro»pectiflg AModation be 3 —h utte HanUyjwoplt arcendearoring . x<? feel confident that it would be very to farther prospect the district aramd nFliUnd the Wbipatick.—Beiufjyi) Adetr- »etairhatittenna,"thegoatDai»aflce" i MMtriil Uar S gives the foBow- ">iordiy«ome of the resideoUon Quarry , OTiTeredinformatinn to the jwlicc authorities, tted«a body of a man was lying at the botof*ioli! pretesting ahaft at QuaiTy Hill, "at Drought, accompanied by an aide, proto the spot, around which were congregated iber of paws. Hie ooMtabte detcaided (taft-aboat thirty feet deep—fVom which was a_ «i<iHiing suacli of deoompoaing snima) BiwUenwMethapawjnionthet^ta tajaUa of swing the constable bring up the igud remaini of eome late sear niirfibor. ifff ^y breathlew waa the unfortunate con- ? fromthe smell that got stronger a* ho got •iithe bottom. Anired tliCTe, he found not »»•» .Mr.te the pntrid carcaas of. goat, "ihadteea thrown iato tlie hole; the^errau muf tireccraaonv having wrapped it in some ll ^lSl »Pr|earance of thc Utto from the CMlt ^J* o * w^tat a nrartered man «n the bottom. i alacrity in aeceoding We W he imaginod, u the &«mayh« fe^jW tali not writ SS.Tw! nu.efflattwto liia aergeant,m he hurried away » Anbt, rewiring mnr. In to without L.™ m " authentic ""ii receired." M "' i . ot ***** la«t makea S r t e r " 11 * amaoiinj up of Hi. We quote the opening ttilst^Slf ^ reminded u<of tbeedeBnTtS trial of Bardrfl f K thi. obwrvation In wo know whidl R j°7 wwedifwud iw a toota^ incOTsequeotial, mod inconclu- ^wy. miltaw JndgeWiiliatnarepeatedly S H ? ^ t h a t n «*led Booonflr- Ite^u^JS^S"? 6 m Hampahire nrtheS "^aerer?" the jury were S Z i i f l t f > ° Sftener, and tb w 8 ,,t t li^LZ' detected i tip Crown »a» not aalto *o well * STftSrlSS^ Otborne un- •n? aStte^Sr^ MeomprnW wlUi the BrtSLf' JS! 0 *) acrew W the ^ waMwt talnte I. which t u MtirliS !ff ™•» ,,wji » » tofnito order for the u j^^fisswsstsa he J'ng.wtd "8. and ywv SLSS^k nlco d biiTL j^T 1 rode «&out; the SSlrt'*- W iT ^ inmttnoL ^J"**** h f i i h e One hundred and elitv thouwuid acre* of l«nj have been purchased in New South Wales for settlemoiit. by two thouaand families. 1'he Bendigv Adtx-j-tiscrml other gol.lBoldi'newa pnpers state that the price of gold hat decreased tbtpeace per ounce, owing, it ii aaid, to the alteration of the rate* of exchange on England. The Ko-l-noor Company hare diHded about £40 per man for At fortnight. A now modeof lighting their workings liaa b«n introduced, that of illumination by It'will he a grcit improvement and gteatlf ftdlitfites thdr operationa.—Batkrot Inbuilt • lite Baliarat Star atates that Mr, Irwin, of the Star Hoid, who was one oi the cutler* at the Werriboe, haa aont to the Government a atatoment of losses snttalncd by the itorm whldi visited the camp. Hlsloss is eatimatcd at nearly £too. The Smythcadale and Brown'* Gold- mining Company have been fortunateenough, to And a naggret wolgbing flfly-two ounoes four peaarweighta In their claim. Ifce gold hitherto procured florathis company* data In* been fine,and fee discovery of thl* priie is looked upon as the index to aomcthing atUl bigger and richer.—Onen Constitution, On Saturday afternoon, as Ur*. McLuckie's blind daugiiter waa playing with her little aistcr, alio accidentally cut two of her titter's fingeri nearly off with a tomaliawk. Hie one flngcrhung jntt by a bit of Ala, the other being cut to the bone, whidi was broken. The child, by the advicc of Dr. Davis, *>f Stanley, was removed to the Hospital.—Oveni Constitution, Siltcb Oae.—Some very fine specimens of silver ore were brouglit to this office by a miner named Fotri. They wae found in Sebastian's daioi, Doctor's Gully, and having been tested by Mr. bench, watcfaaaket, of Vinceot street, vers found to contain SO per oent. of pure silver. There On Saturday evening oae of those disgraceful assaults, of which we sometimes resd in English but which happily have, we believe, never occurred la Beochworth, happened in Hiehrareec. It appears that a young woman was walking along High street, just opposite the Fremasons', when she was scired by tome cow»rdly disgrace to humanity, who endeavoured to drag her down the embarkment, but she acreamed for assistance and got away. A prompt search was iastituted for the brute, but he got dear off. The Quaes corrcapondentof the Crencict Aivertutr savsundcrdate of 1st May.—The costly results of a spree were illustrated in • caae which came hdbre the Bench on Tuesday and restodsy, when a man named Mahony was £ned in damages and costs no lets a mm thaa t£s Od for various assaults and wilful deatrnction of property, together with being bound over in his own rectguizances to keqi tlie peace In the sum of £30, The assaults committed were very no provoked and brutal, and tlie Reach marked their tense of his behaviour by inflicting heavy damages, administering a slurp rebuke at the same time. From Saturday's Portland Gardian we take the following ghost ttorr. It is an old trick:—The equanimity of the good people of South Portland has been much disturbed for eome nights past, by the eccentric doings of a reputedghost. The ghost la question chooses ai the scene of his perambulations the locality of the little bridge, by the Botanic Garden, where dressed in • white *heet and sometimes on all fours,his delight is to frighten paesera by and particularly women and children. Parties of men and bovs have been iti chase for some evenings past, and the Poli« have been on the look out but hitherto the ghost has escaped by liis remarkably fast running and by leaping over tlie Botinic Garden fence. A man roust be lurd up for amusement to have resort to ao reprehensible a practical joke. The Police, we learn, liave some doe to the discovery of the spirit and we may therefore expect bis ghostship's career will soon be cut abort. The Talbot LtaAcr says—Yesterday, at the Police Court, • Celestial camel Sin Fow summoned one PatrickLvans for£SO damages, forassault. A brother Celestial endeavored to act as interpreter, bat failed to make the Bench understand plaintiff's evidence, Plaintiff, who understood no English, gesticulated very violeatly, pointing to hit head and cheek, and the interpreter mentioning the word; Soger, and producing a tooth carefully wrapped up In paper, tried to gire the Court to understand that the tooth lisd been knocked out by a blow from defendant. The case was finallypostponed to Tliarsday n»it, wben Sin Fow wiil have another interpreter present. After the case was adjourned, plaintiff offered to raakafriendt with defendant if lie would pay £3 10s expenses incurred for medical advice. This defendant dedined to do. The Beniigo ArlrrThstrof Thursday last contains the following:—" ta»t evening a rumour was cur-, rent in Sandhurst, that some very extraordinary and important evidence connected with the late murder in Beroal-ctrieet, iisd come to light/which wiil materially alter the whole complexion of the aSiiir. If the information that we have beo* able to obtain it correct, the murder in Bernal-street will be almost a parallel case with that of th« late murder at the Big Hill, when the life of the convict Ktal was saved by somewhat similar means. Tlie following are tlte particulars af the ease, as we have heard them:—A man named Jardine, a miner,living near the junction of Spring and Tinpot Gullies,who has l>e«>n eonflaed to bis tent for some days back,was found by some of his neighbours to ba auffering from a woand inflicteionhim. After some time he h*d to tend for a doctor, and either to the latter or tosomeonewhowMaeeinfhiiii.bectatedtiiat on Hie might «f fte murdwin Bernal-strm, he wa* at M«.MalWshouse; thtt he. Mrs, Mallam, the deceased Bella, and Haig, were in tlie room. Hajgat the time was cutting up some tobacco with his knifej that words took place between Mrs. MalUm and Haig, a quarrel ensued, and ahe endqjvourcd to tura him out of the bouse, iariline states that he went in between them, and tliat HaW stabbed him with the knife; that he then attempted to stab Mm. Mallam, who avoided the blow, and that Bella interfcring at the moment, Haig stabbed iter, and afletwardt made a teeood blowat Mrs. Mallam. Jardine states that he left the house immediately afterwards, not wishing to be mixed in the row, and not knowing that the deceased was so seriously injured. In addition to the foregoing particulars, we have heard that in tlie day preceding the oceurreisco, fagfa — him already of three pounds, and that *he (deceased) was not going to have anything wene U> do with himj that she was one wbo liked to act fair and tquare, and would not hare any hand to robbin* tte man. -'Chnh «« Ae atataasit* w« have heard, and If then is any troth It Uietn, it will ba sufflciest at least la throw discredit on the main portion of the evidence of the principal witnesses, and on whidi the jut? (bond Halg gnilty. If the witnesses did not tdl " the whole troth," according to thtir Mth, it will be only reasonable to oondade that the portion of die evidence they did fire, did not pes. »MS then weaaaiy Ingredient of truth. Tfae Caitiemalni Advtriittr, in its account of the W*l» at the Orouit Court there, haa a long report oi a oaseaaaintt Utsory describod as a "moiicaT botanStt," who wa* diarged w rtithe manslanghtcr of KU«belhlinycr*n (the wSfc of a hlacktmlth of Oaattemaine) upon wtom he hri mttended in her oonflne»nMt, aud who died from hnmorriiage caused, a* was alleged, by the prisoner's neglect and want of iklll. The ArtaiU. of the ca* are not ouly too long, bi)t are of a nature not at for frablioation to their fall extent, Tiiey occupy hrickm«ker-ih« had sttbBeqoanly boeu anaasirtmt to* Mr. Frit!., another "medleal hottnist," is Mdhourne. spited tohjr tobsAwA who,|n hU erldcnoc, deposed U«t he believed him to be a pmperljr TbaUflSS tnedica! priiCtlttoBer, to attend tlie unfortuofie deoaa*od. WttrtM ewci1ng i into the detail*, it Ktms that the poor wotnan had not t)io roqutsite unreailtting attentlon necetsan- for thOie in her *ilanUon when any difficulty ari*es, or natuM la rtew-toperfotm bar ftmctions,and that 4k died from cxhauiUon MUM Ay oxepsrive limmorrhattc—whi^ mod|cal evidence was adduced, inciting thatofJ>r.M*Mdam-Wio waslnoourt u the report de*orib«, "to watch «io case," ana after lrt*ring ttie«»each6s of counul, fcndtiiesatnmlog pn of.Ula Bpm, Ur- Jjutioe WUliaras, the jur/retlr^, #ui.d worelotied up all nlgbt On the following morning, oh thc3r coming into court, tlie foreman stated they eoutd wtf agreo, arid the Judg discharged them. The prisoner »a* liberated upon the same bail as before, to appear (it the next Circuit Court. 