SKETCHES FROM; REAL LIFE. (BY SOLOMON SNELL.) fining the: Sydney Mail, July 6th J , SOMETHING) ABOUT LIFE ASSURANCE. " OCH further ! further ! being granmotneFs ghost, I'm kilt entirely, so I am, and its yerself has done it Mick Rooney, yet big surly waggon yer. I'm spotted all over like Tim Mooney's piebald pony, and the ugly bating yer guv me last night, form a limb name could I move if the hut was on fire. Och hone! I'm kilt, I'm kilt, an bad luck to yer Mick Rooney for doing it, but you'll be hanged, so yer will, and I shall be mighty glad of it, so." " Be jabers ! ye'd Better be away, or I'll soon make yer Bhtop yer noisy lather with another taste or two name Shillaker," replied Mick Rooney in an angry tone, " Here I am, come home to me dinner, as hungry as a blackfellow's dingo, and serra a ha'porth up anything in the house to see big enough to bait a rat-trap; and here's the poor childers, thirsty as Barney's pigs, caring for their bit a' little, while ye're lying in bed half drunk, and groaning like Casey's old cow, had cess to vex, ain't you ashamed of yourself entirely ? Dashed if it doesn't pretty nigh drive me cranky to look at you, so. But I'll be off an lave year just now, altogether, an I've a mighty good mind to crack all yer bones for yer before I go, and thin mayhap ye'll not be so unable to rise to the grog shop. Where's me Sunday shirt ? yer crater, year, an have yer sold that, besides all yer own in the children's bits of duds." " Arrah didn't yon begin to sell all the traps yerself Mick Rooney ? yer lazy, skulking, animated rum keg," retorted Mrs. Rooney, an didn't you take everything out in the house, barring the straw bed, that nobody ud buy, an the log table, and the stool, in the three-legged pot, that's cracked be the same token, and shire, didn't you sell me poor owld aunt Biddy's bellows last night for ninepence, an git half drunk and the money and thin, became yer couldn't get quite drunk, year came home cross an cranky, an bate the life came out by me, and the leg by the stool, yer wicked hay this year ! Didn't you do all that now, an a have no other ugly things besides, if I'd got breath to talk about 'em. Ugh, Mickey Rooney. Mickey Rooney, goes seize the day when I first seed yer ugly face. Shure I've had nothin' but hard work, an hard whacks Ever since that time, and there's just what me poor owld mother Sed I should catch from the likes o' you, but I didn't believe her, poor soul. An it serves me right, But it does after that, for War speaking to yez, or hastening to yer decateful blarney, bad manners toyer. Och musha, mush a, what for was I fool enough to marry a man, who I was told, three enough, would love the grog-shop betther than his own home and playing at skittles better than working for his childers ; what for did I do that sure and break me poor heart entirely. An its harf shrunk too, that yer Bay I am is it t" continued Mrs. Rooney with increasing warmth, " Ain't yer downright ashamed of yerself now, to tell such a thumping big crammer as that, which I haven't had a taste iv grog since yesterday morning, was luck. An shame if I was drunk thegither, it can be yer own fault Mick Rooney, so it would, for I never tasted a single drop of grog in all my life afore I know'd you. Faix there wasn't a decenter gal on the river this I war, and BO you've often told me yourself, when you first come a coaxing, an wheedling round me, wid yer face looking as aware as a sugar bag, an yer barneying words like lollipops, till you get me to like yer, ugh what a fool I was. Thin I lift a comfortable home, as good friends, and give all I'd got in the world to yer, so I did, so in less nor two years afther ye'd promised to love me for ever, yet begun to get drunk, and to bate me like a bullock. Och, it was yet cruelty that drove me to drink at first, Mick Rooney, an yer know it too. An now I drink grog when I can get it, just to drown me misery. Faix, it would take a mighty lot of grog to do that same too, I'm thinking. But be off wid yer, like a further big sat as ye are ; if you come anign me another inch I'll shout Further, an if the constables come, I'll swear ye kill me, SO I will get off and yet now, lave me alone I tell yer, och mur- the, Further, constables, further." " Och, shingles an' stockwhips, I'll make yer scratched for something," exclaimed theY, as he struck his wife savagely across the body with a thick stick, [ "There now take that wid yer, an if yer don't like that I'll give you another, take that, an that, an that," he continued, striking her with all his force. " Now mayhap ye'll be telling no lies when ye say I kill yer. There's a dose for a donkey, just to quiet year till I come back again, and maybe there'll be a long time past," he added as he rushed out of his miserable hut, leaving his wife shrieking murder, and her terrified children screaming around her. " Give us a gill of' rum, Misther Mac Swipes," said Mick Rooney, as he hastened into the bar of the Dog Trap Inn. " Hurry now, an good luck to yer," he added, " I'm going across the river to shoe a horse for would Blunt, and I'll pay you when I come back, and maybe I'll have yet the price of the job besides." " Eh, man ! ye've a muckle Score here the noo an I canna gr' ye ony mair trust, " drawled Mr. Mac Swipes, casting at the same time a calculating glance at his old customer and then, as though the latter part of Mick's address had favourably impressed him, he added, *' Weel noo, although I have seen a bawbees o' yours off the auld score this many a long day, as ye'll abling leave a leetle wi' me one night, I'll us turn ye awa thirsty like ; I'll e'en gr' ye six pennorth, but I'll na score it does, for my auld wine will fash me said an she knew what I had' done. Eh, non-white ! here cooma auld Peg ; ye'd better gang away the noo, or ye'll get a flea in yer lug, I'm thinking." "Eh I tell ye what, Sawney Mac Swipes, ye'll no gr' that grows only fair grog without the seller, while my name's Peggy," said a nimble old woman, with a face as rugged as a rock melon, as she darted into the bar, and then darted a look at Mick, sharp enough to cut his nose off, while she enquired of him fiercely, " Do ye think we steals our grog, man, or dinner pay our marchant fort Are honest folks rum kegs to be drained as dry as a snuff mill by the likes of you, think ye? Hoot, took! elves and bogies! What next, I'd like to ken ? Noo, I tell ye what, Mick Rooney ; ye'll no get show to drown a flea out o' my taps, without the seller, so ye need no stand gaping there gang an' work, ye lazy loon, an' pay your debts like a man. Just look at yer score as long as my two legs on the whiskey keg anent the door yonder ; when will ye pay, I'd like to ken ? Mair trust, indeed ! Ye main ha' the brow of' the devil himself to crave it of a body feet I wadna gr' ye another drop, an ye were groaning to death with gripes j so noo gang awa wi' shot in yer teeth." " And you, Sawney Mac Swipes," she continued, turning sharply to her befuddled husband, " ye heavens mair sense than a swine. Ye'll just sup, sup, Bup, all the day long, an let any lazy neer-do week, like yersel, come an take the bread out of your sin pair barnes' mouths. I'm downright ashamed o' ye ; ye Dinna deserve an honest woman to take care of her household, ye daft auld fare ye. Gang are in to bed the need, for ye're clean four, and that any body can see, Gang in, I tell ye, men, and dinna" stood there looking at me, or ye'll fash me till I do ye a harm," è Knowing, from long experience, the decisive cha- J racter of Peggy Mac Swipes, Mick Rooney saw the hopelessness of any further attempt to satisfy his tormenting cravings for a gill of rum : so grasping his stick, he hurried down to the river, jumped into the ferry-boat, and was soon at the opposite side. After promising the ferryman to pay him his fare at some future time, Mick trudged along at a quick pace, intent upon making for the farm of his old friend and shipmate, Paddy Ryan, whom he had not seen for some years. Along and tiresome walk it was for Mick, through the dreary bush. Tormenting were the reflections which haunted him, and bitter were his self-reproaches the while. At length, hungry, thirsty, and footsore, and withal sorely grieved in heart that he had given poor Judy " such a bating," he arrived about sun- down in sight of Paddy Ryan's snug little hut. A snug little hut it certainly was, although merely built of rough slabs, and covered with bark. Every crack that could admit the least draught was carefully plastered over, and the whole inside and outside, was well whitewashed. Monthly roses, pasBifloras, and honeysuckles, clustered around the rough verandah posts, and overspread the roof. A nice little flower garden in front, and a vegetable garden and orchard behind, were enclosed with sweet briar hedges. In one corner, under the shade of a castor-oil tree, were half- a-dozen hives of bees. Outside this enclosure, and near to a substantial barn were stockyards, 591 ii"S^311"8» and a pigsty and as Mick drew near, Paddy Ryan was just giving a bucketfull of milk to half a score of porcine grunters, "Them's party pigs, Paddy," was Mick's first salute, as Paddy (who had not observed the approach, of his friend) leant over the sty to empty his bucket into the pigs' trough. " Troth, thin, they are party pigs, and its meself as breeders," replied Paddy, and, on looking round, his bronzed, healthy face, brightened up with merry miles, so peculiar to a warm-hearted Irishman, as he seized Mick's hand, and exclaimed with ecstacy, at Arrah, me jewel, Mickey Rooney ! how are yez ? how are yez 1 Share, thin, I'm as pleased to see yer as if yer were my rich uncle Phelim, and had brought me a sackful of severing, "so I am. How's Judy, the dear crater, and the childers ? Bedad, then, it's a thousand years since I Been yer last. Come along into the hut, me boy poor would Nelly will be pleased enough to jump out of her brogan's to see you. But is it will yer are, Micky, darlint ? Truth, ye don't look versed at all at all yer thin as my ould blind, bullock Boxer, and her face is as long as his tail, axing yer pardon. Arrah, cheer up, me honey, and be afther telling us all yer news by and bye ; but come inside first. Hoy, Nelly j Nelly Ryan, where are ye, ye crater ? " shouted Paddy, at the top of his voice. 11 Ah, here she comes," he added, with a serious glance at Mick. " Here she comes, the dear old crater, hopping along like a magpie on one leg. By the same token, it was meself as made her shop, by an unlucky crack of my shillelay, afther I came home from Tim Murphy's wedding, and she's gone a shopping ever since, poor sowl, and that's just five years agone. Oh ! it was bad work that, sure enough and many's the time I've cried like a tabby about it; but I haven't hadatashte of the grog since then, thank God 1 Troth, it was the grog made me bate poor Nelly that time ; bad luck to the furthering spleen as invented it." " Och philatelic whack ! is it draining I am ? " shouted Nelly Ryan in an ecstasy, as she hobbled towards them at the top of her speed, with her hand extended, to greet her long absent friend. "Mickey Rooney, honey ! is it yerself ? And where have you in all this long time ? I heard you were dead and buried long ago, so I did. Troth, thin, it's Nelly Ryan as is glad to see yez, and no mistake. Be the hokey, it's not fat ye've but getting, since I seen you before, Mickey. But yer tired, I can see, so come along, and I'll soon make you comfortable, Run, now, Paddy, like a good boy ; get some eggs out of the hen's nest, while I cut some ham, for Mickey's hungry, I know, if he walked all the way from Pud dleton since breakfast. The kettle's biting, and I'll soon have the bay ready. Run, now, Paddy, as if the cranky cow were behind year : he off wid yer. Come, Micky, darlint, come into the hut. There, now, sit ye down in that arm chair and make your mind easy," said Nelly, as Mick slowly followed her inside her comfortable dwelling, while her little grey eyes glist- ened with pleasure, and her cheerful smile, spoke volumes of hearty welcomes. In a slabbed chimney-place, as large as a moderate sized coach-house, roared a blazing fire, over which suspended by an iron hook, was a huge tea-kettle, with the steam issuing from its spout in volumes, like the mail packet just about to start. Arranged on shelves, inside the chimney, were cooking utensils of all Boats while suspended to the nails above, and on the mantelshelf, were put lids, candlesticks, and sundry tin and brass articles of domestic use all shining as brightly as Nelly's face. A table in the centre of the clean-swept earthen floor, was laden with materials for a substantial supper. A large piece of corned beef, a nice, well-backed damper, recently taken from the ashes ; a pot full of fresh butter, of Nelly's own churning ; a large jug full of new milk, and a steaming four-quart tin teapot, were objects cheering enough to Mick, who had taken no food since breakfast; but Nelly insisted upon adding to the already abundant supply that favourite dish in the bush, ham and eggs. Soon the fryingpan WBS over the fire, and a dozen eggs, and sundry tempting shoes of ham, were frizzling and sputtering, and emitting an odour which further stimulated Mick's ravenous appetite. " Light the lamp, Paddy, KIO happy." said Nelly, " and don't be hopping about there Like a Kangiara 4 " There yer see, Mick, Nelly's the same funny could stick as ever she wor. She's always badgering and barneying me, God bless her," said Paddy, laughing merrily, as he lighted the bush lamp-a tinpot full of fat, with a large wick in it, which gave a brilliant light, and revealed to Mick's observant eyes scores of little comforts and conveniences which he had not seen before. " Patsy and Denis Ryan I'm clane ashamed of yez, BO I am," said Nelly, looking around from her occupation of separating the spluttering eggs in the fryingpan, to address her two red-faced, curly-headed boys, who were riding cock-horses on Mick's knees. " Behave yerselves, yer young wallabies ! bad manners to yez ; can't yer see Misther Rooney's half kilt with his long walk ? Here, Norah, darlint ! take those gossoon away," she continued, addressing her daughter, a pretty little blue-eyed girl, about ten years old, who was nursing a baby, and laughing at the pertinacity of her brothers, in turning Mick's legs into imaginary stock horses. " Now thin, boys, git out, or ye'll be scaly," said Nelly, taking the pan off the fire, and turning its contents into a large dish. " Sit up now, Mickey asthore ! and try to make a male. Arrah, boys, git out wid yer, yer young ragamuffins," she added, giving them a good-natured tap on the head with the handle of the fryingpan; "got to yer stools now, immediately. Shure, thin, they are as wild as young bandicoots, Misther Rooney, afther they come home from school. Sit down all of yez. Paddy, yer face is all over grins, like the top of me ould uncle Dan's fiddle. So, Norah, honey, say grace ; ye can say it decently. Whisht now, boys be away for two minutes, or under the table yer go. Good girl, Norah. Yes said grace like a parson. Now, Mickey, fall too, and make a male and share you're as welcome as if it were all per own." Most vigorously did the whole party commence operations on the wholesome viands before them and many were the humorous sallies of Nelly (as she presided at the Herculean teapot), which were generally directed at Paddy's omissions or blunders for in the excess of his joy at seeing his long-lost friend, he was, as he expressed it, not himself at all. " Did yon ever see such a rum ould crater as Nelly, Mick ? enquired Paddy, convulsed with laughter. " Bedad, she'd make a man laugh if he'd got the cheery mops, so she would," * * * t " Now, thin, Paddy, we'll go to prayers, and thin Norah will put those gossoon to bed, for you'll get no pace till they're asleep and afterwards Micky and yerself can smoke yer pipeB comfortably," said Nelly, after they had finished their meal, while she at the same time took from a shelf a large Bible, carefully covered with green baize, and handed it to Paddy, who put on his spectacles, and then slowly and reverently read a portion of the sacred oracle. They afterwards all knelt, and Paddy offered up a short but fervent prayer to Almighty God, in simple, humble phraseology, thanking Him for blessings bestowed upon them during another day, and craving His gracious protection during the hours of night. (To be continued.) 