CONFIRMATION AT PENRITH. Un S-unday,7-hinst.,-his Grace the Archbishop ad ministered Confirmation in the Church at Penrith to a large number of children and other inhabitants of that district who had not received that great Sacra ment. Under the zealous superintendence of Father Brennan, the children have for some time past been receiving instruction from some of the Nuns of the Good Shepherd, who were sent to Penrith for that purpose ; and as soon as they were sufficiently prepared, ihe day was fixed upon when the solemn rite should be administered to them and the Holy Spirit would descend to sanctify' their souls. After the earlv Mass on Sunday, the childrpn who were candidates for Confirmation, one hutidred and twenty in. number (sixty boys and sixty girls), were invited to breakfast in the school. room' through the liberality of Father Brennan, who had provided a substantial repast for thtir entertain ment, and which they did not fail to do ample ius tice to. J ? '? As the hour of eleven approached, the candidates were assembled outside the school- room, and walked in procession to the church— the girls being dressed in white, with white veils on their' heads, and boys as well as girls having medals attached to blue ribbon round their Decks. On entering the chut ch, they were conducted to the places provided for them — the girls .occupying, the seats in the centre of the nave; the boys behind them, and \a the auleou' tne Epistle side of the Altar ; and the adults oh the Gospel side. Shortly aftenvards, his Grace the Archbishop,- attended by the Very Rev. S. A Sheehy, V.G., and habited in his cope and mitre', with his pastoral staff in his hand, entered the' church; and Mass was then said by Rev. Father Murphy.. . At the conclusion of Mass, the Archbishop ad vanced to the front of the Altar, and, having taken his seat, proceeded to address those who wen about to be Confirmed on the naturs and effects of that great Sacrament. By the re ception of the Sacrament of Confirmation, they would have their souls enlightened and their wills strengthened, they would be fortified against the corruptions of human nature, and they wrjuld become strong and perftct Christians and sol-iiers of Jesus Christ. They saw these t-fc-o-* illustrated in the case of Peter, who previous to hi.ing confirmed denied his mas'.er, but after the descent of the Holy Ghost upon himself, and the resf of the Apostles, filled with fortitude went about publicly in the streets of Jerusalem, pro claiming that Jesus Christ was the promised Ales siah. Strengthened by this Sacrament St. Peter and others of ihe Apostles had hid do,vn their lives to give testimony to their faith in the doctrines of Jesus Christ. St. Bartholomew had been fLyeii alive, but he had endured unutterable torments with ji-y, not by any strength of his own, but by the strength that had been conferred upon him througn the reception of the Holy Ghost. By-this Sacra ment they were enabled to discharge the duties and obligations of their slate of life. The Apostles had I seen wonderful miracles performed by our Lorj giving testimony to the truth of his teaching but they were not prepared to fulfil his commands until they had received the Sacrament of Coi.firma tion. This Sacrament was received by the Apostles in the day of Pentecost, fifty days after the resurrection, of Our Lord when the Holy Ghost descended upon them in tongues of fire. They were immediately strengthened from above, and i:nmn.enced to preach the Gospel in divers tongues as the Holy Ghost gave them to spuak and to des- ' pis.- the malice of tbs Jews. Is Confirmation weV so. necessary for the Apostle*, it was not the less *a for. us who had not the same advantages eujoyed '!-?? them in lutening to the words that fell from the sacred lips of Our Lord himself. Wu read iu tlni ,8th,and 19th ciiapk-rs of the Acts of theApostla' ?that John and Peter gave Cdnfirmatiuii to all whom' ihdy baptized j but although it gave us Spiritual1 ,;life it did not impart to us fullness of life, although it conferred upon us strength, it did not euiiiei .upon, us iullnejs of streng;h. Baptism i emitted' tlit guilt of'oiigiu'al biu, b-U its effects, still remained, .aii/i: it ,w«s iitcessary that our uiidersundju y: .shou'd.be euli^htene::, .and our wills' sireugtheiifcU1' iJiV-jf.hii'iiJiicraujciit ut Confirmation, ' that we should7 j.i'.^iioe a. love for sjurhuarthingsj and be eiiabled'.ie iiultiSv'iiti.lhtt ;duus;.of. :ihe.:uLiOst wickea one. ' W.'. ,:;V«-.l.«?v$i0:.-.'4«s4r- jiu'.o.ur .Divinej.Luru thai He cairn' i'i',V ui &P;:i) iHesivyfi ..to; unite iiHis'.;Diviu-e;'.iia:uVe fc. ; 1A-r}jW-'&uo;'5»i?u).ej^rjdiiji{oru.tr io?pcrfec.t flAj wwti, ., . ,cu llv had begun, the iiolj Spirit inusl need- » come into our souls to infuse into them more than primitive brightness, and descendir.g upon us with his sevenfold gifts, work out our redemption and bring us to perfection. Although this Sacrament was not so necessary as baptism, still it was neces sary for our salvation, and gave us strength not to desert the standard of Jesus Christ. The Arch bishop then proceeded to explain the ceremonies used in the administration of the Sacrament. The Blessed Viigin and the Apostles had been engaged ten days in fervent prayer previous to the descent of the Holy Ghost, and they also had some time en-' ga^ed in earnest preparation under the care of the good nuns and their zealous pastor. The' time had row arrived when the Holy Spirit would descend into their s'ouls and teach them all truth, let them then conde'cseaH their piety, all their fervour, all their good resolutions that the Holy Spirit might descend 'and make them worthy temples for him self. . ' The Archbishop then recited the- hymn, 'Come, Holy Ghost, send down those beams;' after which 'he proceeded to the administration of ihe Sacrament— the girls receiving it first ; the boys then followed ; and lastly the adults. I At the conclusion of the ceremon-. . those who had been Confirmed recited the' \postles' Creed,' 'Our Father,' and ' Hail, Mary,' with the Arch bishop ; after which he addressed them briefly oh the sclenin obligations they had incurred by the reception of the Sacrament. The Catechism in formed them, that by the Sacrament of Confirmation tkey became strong and perfect Christians, and soldiers of Jesus Christ ; and if so, they were called upon to fulfil the immensity of their obligations. If they were soldiers, of necessity there must be battles io be fought, pneu;ies to be conquered, vic tories to be won. This Sacrament, like Baptism' ronferreti a character upon the soul: so that those who had beeu Confirmed once could never be Con firmed again. Jesus Christ was our General ; and in order to gam the victory, He called upon us to deny oui selves, to take up our cross, and to follow Him— tliat is, to practice the virtues ol which He had set us the example. By doing this, they would find consolation and find means of fulfilling their obligations. They might sometimes think that thoie who enjoyed riches were happy; but Our Lord said that those were not happy who fixed their affections on the tran^itoiy pleasures of this life; that thdy were not His disciples; and that He would nbt recognise them on the day when he came to judge the world. Most of those whom he saw before him were employed iu laborious occupations and it was only necessary that they should s nidify their lives by purity of indention, and by self denial and they would -have fulfilled all the obligations they had that day undertaken. He did not say that b; cause they took pleasure in tlnir duties, nhprpf/.,.,, .there -was no merit -in them, on the contrary, the' satisfaction they felt in the proper dischargeof those duties, Was the reward which they would receieve .even in this world. His Grace then spoke of the solemn, and awful responsibilitits of parents and .children., He called upon children to sacrifice their own wills to the will of thote whom God had placed over them. Our Lord Jesus Christ passed thirty years at Nazareth fulfilling the will of the Blesstid, Virgin,' and St. Joseph, with the o-reatest humility , and obedience. How delightful then must n he. to hare his example before them, and to imitate' it.; In the world at that time there Jived great conquerors, statesmen, philosophers, but in that cottage at Naza-eth, the humility of Jesus Christ of/.the Blessed Virgin Mary, and. St. Joseph, gave greater glory to God than all the world besides. And in that state of lite in which it had pleased to place them by the imitation of the life of Jesus Christ, they would give gieater glory to God than by the possession. of all those things which the world so much prizes. Whenever temptations and troubles Hssailed. them, let them remember the garden of Gethsemane, and if temptations assailed our Blessed Lord they could not be surprised that they should feel them also. But we should conquer by putting a restraint upon our own temper, on the indulgence of of our inclinations, by bearingin mind tueinstruciions we had received, and by fervent prayer. Let them then never omit to say their moroing and evening K...j,^.o kw v~j o.ni.1 ctuciuiuu io tuose instructions they had received from their Zealous pastor, and the good si.steis, and let them also place themselves under the protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary _ Let them f.equent the Sacrament, by which they would obtain pardon for sin and they would gather ne.v strength against temptation. Let them guard against curiosity, by which Eve fell, and how much more then are we likely to Lll, agair.st self indulgence' against evel company, against the luss of time He placed those children in the hands of fathers and mothers, he hoped they would be an example to iheir, children, that they would teach theaTtou how to regulate their temper, not to offi-nd against' chanty to avoid detraction, never to hold anv conversation of an uncharitable nature. He begged ot them to guard against those sins for the sake of their children. If any one mad., use of expressions or indulged in conversation which was unfit for their .children to hear, let them be shown outside the doors of the bouse and told never to enter ti em ? again.. Let them remove from their houses ' all causes of temptation ; what was a cause of tempta tioff to fathers and mothers was a cause of tempta tiont.o their children also, and they were bound to remove it. He entreated them to persevere in Ihe fear of God He was glad to hear from their good, pastor that, there was scarcely a family atnon i hem who did, not assemble daily for prayer and in° .Htr.ipt.on.. He prayed that tlu-y mi^ht continue ii, ; or Our Lord had promised that where two or three weregathered together iu his name he would b* uv .the .midst of .them, and if there wwre-auy among ;th.prn. woo. did ?not practise the custom of daily yprayer,!.! their families be hoped they would cum ..ru-uce that very day, lor they would find it an ineo ,u.«.,ablej a Ivant.,ge/to themselves and to their chil ,ir,,,).. Let them place then.sclve* under the pro :iecr,on;of the » Blessed. Virgi^Mary, who had been ,/}Hiiied fqlUf grace by, the Archangel, but who had lrf.i.c«eutd;day;by day to increased grace; so they i-..»,;by. sclf-deuiul, and .bearing then QC0&6 by being, '- ! P'^S-^-'lifate Jesus Christ, II:i^lu. add grace iMKrace.-: It: they -.did so- God would add ihe grace , ..j^rseyeikiied, and the la*t hour of their lire would »»: tl.e happiest. Jtsut Ciai.t would chase fcoai them all despair, he would inspire them with humble but full confidence, and would welcome them to the other world,; He would say to them well done thou true and faithful servant, because thou hast - been faithful to the obligations of thy Confirmation, because thou hast been my faithful and true soldier,., enier now int - the joy of thy Lord. The Arch- ; bishop thdn gave his blessing, and the congregation,. : which filled the Church to suffocation, dispersed. , - 