NANANGO. (fboh a OOBBESPONDENT.) Before this reaches you, probably some of the other Queensland papers will have published the queer production which we have forwarded to our scientific member. It is letter number two, from his fellow pastoral lords and their 6laves, gub up vawuBiuiy iu jittuiiy our uriuge-ouiiuiiig genius, but more in reality to show the Gayndah noodles that we can manufacture better English than they, though the ghost of good old Cobbett informs me that it is but a halting, miserable affair. Wean in a Wt of a fright at the news just received, that those-riotonsrascals atGayn dah are threatening- to write Haly also, but ask ing him to relieve them froin the stigma of his political connection, with them, and -that this step they are taking, not so much with the hope' that Haly has --sense -enough to see or be con vinced Of his singular senatorial unfitness, 'but for ..the aggravating purpose of. showing that they can write what they mean in pass&ble; Eng lish': It . must bo o'wned that our lll-timea aud unearned letter will not pass muster either in its *' quantities,' or jn£he quality of-ita signatures ; aud I may as well admit that while 'our Burran dowan friend is not heretO dot-our i's and cross our t'a, we don't half like giyingour signatures to these Clapperdom productions.' This is a cold and a'qneer part of the world, and ho^ frequently dol isllenHyregret thatyour independent columns are . not filled more with notioes of it. - : !'.Clapperdom,' as -this region - now goea by the name of. Is indeed a queer place. Every squatter, they say, has twice as fcuch cburitiy aB ' he is paying for, -Eaoh looks as important & spurs, boots, rind7 swaggering can ' ma&e;'rnan , and it.is a-caution to notice how two or three of them take full charge of our bodies and souls. ' ' -ToUr paper is under, the ban ; nearly all the Gayndah fellows «re, albeit some of then? have be-in made to sign number two, who were re sponsible for theelegance of number bus, which' is what I call walking round theiii ; and the cream of the joke -is, before ours was jent off to them bets were freely madej that so jnany of the noodles— (that's our common term for the Gayndabites) — who signed the first, should be made to sigh the sccond.- This is .legitimate work, Idare say, with those who are determined to make use or fools of, those thuy despise. But I object 'to the -Ol^perdum morality, which * unblushjngly appends the-jsignatures-of absent' p eople, even to^garnish b dish, for poor Haly.' . . I am, ? ? GORDON SANDEMAN OF EUROPE. Per 0. K. Dm. Nanango, May 6, 1862. ? \- .. From the we learn that If 'Allan, the post man employed lasVyearinthelihebetwoenN/i nango and Gayndah, was (charged at the police office with negligently losing a letter in Novem bur, but the case was remanded for eight days. Thomas Smith, charged . T^ifch stealing silver watch- guards from ? file. John Bright, was -jom- : mitted for trial it the next Maryborough assises. The Norte. — By the Clarence we have news from Eockliampton and Gladfl tone, which .we j are compelled to defer till next publication. | There is no intelligence from the gold-fields of importance. An immense alligator hus been shot and captured at Mr. Clark's Btation, Fort Curtis. 