OT *HB 1K*lf» AT aODHIGHfc (rrest «« CtnkiU Mb/time) « WfrtwBtstoLanebouM Eoseh, end London: isleftbelM. All tins while there has been ?stab* to sss bat lbs. sky above, eo thickly stnare with elan, to shimmering btaek water WtMii m atbersMe Urgm, , eli i ifrM, saJky 13»W mSHj tHi— »»?« i mAm Aa^k. \s\ltaaB^aB^BB9jaaBSei saaa^BaA ??% ^HMBalSjf some tavern-iiddler, the shrill, melancholy piping of some pour woman singing at a tap-room window for coppers (she hid a voice once, and wore riUbnns, and sang inside for love) floated out upon tiie stiil warm air. These were the only sounds that readied us front all that vast city — these thin, miserable voices, but I hear them still. To be sure, we are miles away from the haunts they made vocal. The fiddler's asleep with his fiddle, this woman has taken her ' Heart bowed Down' to her garret and her six email children (may her coppers be many I), but their sad piping and scraping seem to linger io the air yet There is a pathetic meaning in those ghostly sounds more than one can really under stand, suggesting as they do all that mi'jbt be heard. Silent as the great city seems— only one fi'idler audible — what a tumult is going on there ! How many sighs ore breaking; from how many hearts, each thinking itself the most sorrowful in all (he world ? How natty are crying for joy, for hate, hunger, love, money ? Children weprinff themselves into the world, and being wept out of it; plotters whispering, poets raving, auger bhrieking, guilt confessing in paa eionate prayers ; the suttpirations of hope, the laughter of fools, tbe kisses of sin, the cries of death. It is better not to hear all this — but it it is heard. .... We, Mr Boatman, oan only distinguish a fiddler's fiddling,and a woman's singing; hut there are ears in the hive which hear every sigh, every whisper. Altogether, n hat a terrible humming it must be I 1 almost tiiir ;: 1 can u* it rising up to the sky. That dull hase hinging over the town, surely it is the host of phantoms spawned into the air from so many aohing heads and teeming hearts — every thought, every wish taking shape, nn.4 ascending into the weltering throng of ghosts above. What a spectacle it isl The dead returning, lovers embracing, parents murdered, wives treacherous, thefts, poisonings, a rhousaud scenes ot shame, a thousand hypocritical viilaniet .' — 1 will look back no more.' 