(CONDENSED FROM THE GEELONG ADVERTISER, JAN. 21..) TWENTY-TWO OF GEELONG AND THE WESTERN DISTRICT V. THE ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN. The Eleven arrived by the first train from Melbourne yesterday morning, and were received at the railway station by the majority of their western antagonists Cobb and Co 's leviathan coach, drawn by twelve splendid greys, and driven by a famous whip, conveyed them and then friends to Gosling's British Hotel, where they reside during their sojourn send in their preparations for taking the field, the Twenty-two held a mt cling, and Mr S S Ronnie was unanimously elected captain All these preliminaries being adjusted, the whole of the persons engaged were driven to the new ground, at the east end of the Botanical Gardens, where the wickets were pitched without delay. THE PLAY The captain of the Twenty-two having won the toss, elected to go in first, and the match commenced at a quarter past twelve o'clock. The minute of the play are given below, but in a go neral way we must express our gratification at the excellent score made by the Geelong men, which is certainly higher than we ever hoped for. The fielding of the All-England Eleven is something g for our cricketers to profit by and it is well worth a day's study to watch the wicket keeping of H. H Stephenson, the captain, the long stopping of Hearne, Wells at point, or Sewell at short slip. But, indeed, they are all exceedingly smart in the field. George Marshall and T. Wray, the metropolitan "cracks' engaged to improve the occasion for country cousins, were the first to wield the willow, to the bottling of Caffyn and Iddison. Wray led off with a hit to fee for one, a good example that was followed by his colleague twice over After a little dalliance with the ball, Wray got a hit to leg for three, which evoked the first applause from the spectators, the clapping of hands being varied by cries of " Go it, Tommy." Between Iddison's "twisters and Caffyn's "shooters" and "lengths:," the batsmen had to exercise good caution However, Marshall got a drive to the off from Caffyn for two, and subsequently a hit to you for another one. Wray got another for a poke o mid wicket on, which gave occasion for the first telegraphic indication of the score, ten A bye was obtained and in Iddison's next over he took Marshall's stumps One wicket down for eleven runs George Tait went in to the vacant place, but only lived long enough to receive a single ball from Id line, which he went into Mudie's bands. T to wickets for eleven runs Elmnlic succeeded, and nan not slow to begin work his first drive to and on giving two, It was now Wrny's turn tosuceumb, without adding anything more to his score of five. He was bowled and c night by Cftflyn Three wickets for thirteen runs. Robinson commenced to Caffyn's bowling, and made a draw for one Um next contributions to the score were a hit to mid-wicket on for a double, and slip for one Elmslie cut to point for one, but he could do no more in the same company, for Robinson's stumps were taken by Iddi 600 Four wickets for eighteen runs. Cox was unfortunate He made a unit, saw finishes stopping an over, and then gave up the ghost for a shooter frnnCnfft n. 1 it o wickets for nineteen runs. Rippon bad even worse luck He went in to Caffyn's bowling, and, the ball rising over his head off his bat, w w caught by Mills, and he went out with a duck egg opposite to his name. Six wickets for nineteen runs The gallant captain," Rennie, next handled the willow, and, as was expected by his friends, he justified the position to which he had been elected by our team Patiently dealing' with his share of the balls in the first two overs an " eye openers," bin siding, Elmslie, availed of his chance to make three overs in succession two by him to Kg, and a slip Rennie's first attempt, however, wan for two to Ion,; hold on, and the next n " sing at a full pitcher for one, which convinced the bott let that the latter style of balls was not likely to give the delian easy time of it He next drew for two more, which sent the " Kentish fire " raging Elmslie addr d another single to the score, and lUmiu got two singles when a fatal ball from Caffyn took Elmsbe s stumps Seven wickets for thirty runs W Timms, a colt in the estimation of his colleagues at starting, but who earned by his prowess the character of a perfect " war horse, ' took Elmslio'n place He commenced to Caffyn's bowling, which he i Uyi d to leg presently, all the time exhibiting extreme oireiinispfction In the next over, however, he slipped for one. Rennie made a draw for three, and added another in conse- quence of an overthrow. Timms followed by a hit to the off for two. Such brilliant performances moved the captain of the All-England Eleven, who now put on left handed Griffith to bowl in the place of Iddison. However, Rennie got one to leg, and next made a fine drive for three, and two more for an overthrow (The river" but the supporters, of the Cue longest in high feather, and the captain was proclaimed " the right man in the right place.") Has ever Fortune is blind, and to her greatest favorite oft proved fickle. Mr. Konnio's score now reaehedpotentcen, unit he was destined to make no more; for, after another single had been added by Timms the captain's stumps were knocked over by Griffith. Eight wickets for forty runs. W. Tait, a third colt (his brother George being the first), federal OofTi n for his first bill from one of Old England's great gunn. He managed to lilies one opposite to his name, and then retired. Nine wickets for forty-five runs. Smith, the Hallarntian, played very cautiously, and, after getting one, he abided three maiden overs. His next contribution was two for an off hit from Griffiths, than a pretty one to do?, and another to point, which, however, was nearly began; this " death of him " in the hands of Wells. There was another change in the bowling at this juncture Smith made another one by a drive to mid-wicket on, and Timms followed suit by making one for a hit to the off South next scored one for a cut to the off, and for a pretty hit to leg another-which was really stolen. Timms ou in the slips for a two; and then got two ones in succession and Smith, emulous, also got a double off Iddison, who had given a full toss and run up, expecting a catch and next a single, by a out to point After another single. Timms got a rise at the ball, which he hit to mid-wicket off for four. (Loud applause from the spectators ). This incident led to another change of bowling, but the brace continued to play very steadily Timms soon got another chance, and made a drive through the crowd to mid wicket off for another four. Smith made a cut to the off for one but the next ball from Griffith closed Timms's career for seventeen runs-the equal of the captain's score. As the young hero returned to the tent he was loudly applauded Ten wickets for seventy-two runs. It was now half-past two o'clock, and the bell rang for luncheon, and called the whole field to the refreshment booth, where a capital spread was provided. The resumption of the match took place in less than an hour from its interruption Bryant went to the wickets in company with Smith, who already had a dozen runs placed to his credit, Caffyn and Griffith continuing the bowling. " Jerry" got one in the slips off Griffith, and in the next over he made a first rate drive to the off for a four He next got one for a poke, and next a unit for a hit to leg Smith scored one and Bryant made a draw for another single Smith cut for another, off Griffith, and gave place to Bryant, to whom the next sinister ball was fatal, for he hit it into Iddison n's hands at point Eleven wickets for eighty-three runs. George Cosstick was the first of the " second eleven to come to the wicket. He get one to square leg, and soon a second run was stolen There was one wide ball from Griffith , but after the over Cosstick was declared out for leg before wicket to Caffyn's bowling. Twelve wickets for eighty six runs. Morres next presented himself, to Caffyn's bowling, he got a driveforono, and subsequently another drive off Griffith for four A twister, the last of the same over, took his stumps With another wide ball from Griffith, the score was ninety-two for thirteen wickets M'Pherson was sent in Smith received a maiden from Caffyn M'Pherson hit to leg off his first bowler, Griffith, for one and soon followed with a drive to long-field on for two. Sewell was put on to bowl instead of Griffith , but, in Caffyn's next over, M'Phorson's middle stump was sent ogee. Fourteen wickets for ninety five runs. H. Timms, the fourth colt, joined Smith who seemed to have taken a lease of the wicket, though latterly he had not been adding to his score. His first touch at a ball from Sewell caused it to rise in the air, and being caught by Wells, though a sum ball, it " became a eau tion" to him to play down He made a capital drive to the off from Caffyn, and scored three. Hofliooda maiden over from Now all, whom report gave out to be the best bowler out of England " Smith was caught at point by Wells, from the first ball of Caffyn's succeeding over. Fifteen wickets for ninety eight runs. Osborne was the sixteenth man Sent in, to the bowling of Caffyn, and he got one to leg Timms got two from a splendid cut to cover point, off the same bowler, iddison making a great effort to catch it, and falling to mother earth. Osborne made another single off Caffyn, and was then bowled out Sixteen wickets for 102 runs. Fraser hit one of I Caffyn's bills to leg for one, and made a draw for another off Sewell In the next over Caffyn took his stumps, much to his dismay Seventeen wickets for 104 runs Boosey drew one off his first ball from Caffyn. In Now ell's over he was given out for leg before wicket. Eighteen wickets for 105 runs. Ibbotson, whose reputation as a past captain of the Kensington school, was a tower of hope, even though it was known he had been out of practice for two or three years, next came to the wickets, and commenced to the bowling of Sewell, his finished style of guard attracting the captain's no ice, as was evidenced by the directions to the field. Nothing resulted during the over, but in the next from Caffyn, Timms made a draw for one Ibbotson got one to leg and afterwards a draw for another off Sewell. At this juncture, Iddison with his slows relieved Caffyn Coming out of his ground to play to one of them, Ibbotson was stumped by H. H. Stephenson. Nineteen w rekets for 105 runs. Fisher was nearly stumped in the same way by the last ball of Iddison's over, and for a moment he was certainly dubious of his " life." TlmniB hit to the off for one, and soon another to square leg Iddison was fatal to Visitor in his next over, taking his stumps. Twenty wickets for 119 runs. Armytage, the last man, now came forward He made one for a drive off Iddison, but was bowled in the next over by Sewell-21 wickets for 141 runs, n Timms carrying out his bat. The result of the innings was regarded as satisfactory by the spectators, judging by their an plause As it was about half-past five o'clock, and as the stumps were to be drawn at six o'clock in accordance with agreement between both par ties, it was not thought that the All-England Eleven would begin their innings They did so, however. Iddison and Laurence went in, to the bottling of Bryant and O. Tait. Jerry opened the ball with a maiden to Iddison Tait's first ball was a wide, the next enabled Litiretico to slip for three -the ball having passed through three pair of hands before it was stopped Iddison drove the next to the off for four Eight runs off Tait's first-ever Bryant's second over was a maiden Iddison made another off Tait by a poke to the off, and then he got one off Bryant, which was well fielded by McPherson's mind wicket on His next was a drive to the off for one, and then a hit to leg for another. Tait bowled a maiden over Laurence hit to leg and got two off Bryant, and again one by a slip Iddison wound up for the evening's amusement with an off drive for four off Bryant The stumps were drawn shortly after six o'clock, the All-England score being twenty one runs, no wicket down. We append the scoring sheet - OEELI LONG AND WESTRUP DISTRICT TWENTY TWO G Marshall b I Ellson T Wray, c and b Chain E Tait c Mudie b Iddison \- Claudia b Daff n A Robinson b Iddison \- Oex b Caffyn G R. Rippon c MR lie, b OafTt n S S Rennie b G'MIith W Tin m", b Griffith W Tait b ralTtu H Smith Well b Caffyn J H B Catt c Iddison b Griffith G Costick 1 b w b Caffyn T Morres b Gi Mr his M Pherson b Caffyn II Time is not out N Osborne b Caffyn W Fraser b Gaffy n W H Bibby lbw b Sewell F Iobolajn, at H H Stephenson's Iddl son J Fisher b Iddison F Armytage, b Sewell Bros Wide balls Total first Innings ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN IN Iddison not out Lawrence) not out Byes Wide ball Bowling Bryant and Tait bowled 17 overs each Play will be resumed to day), at twelve o'clock (FROM our OWN CORRESPONDENT ) Tuesday Jan 21 The weather to-day has been remarkably warm, and with a hot wind blowing Iddison and Laurence opened the bail to clay having been left at their wickets last night when the stumps were struck They threatened to make an uncomfortably long innings of it having scored above forty before there was any prospect of a change Laurence, however, at last succumbed, and not long after Iddison followed suit, when bowling out and catching, I became too frequent to be pleasant to the Eleven H H Stephenson was bowled out without making a si era and Sewell only scored one when he was caught out. The Twenty) two fielded really very cleverly allowing, for one or two awkward position The score of the All England men is not expected to exceeding if it reaches that the attendance was not equal to that of yesterday, and not more than half a dozen people patronised the Grand Stand As for the booths, they deserve to be pitied. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH] ALL ENGLAND SCORE llKSr INNINGS Iddison 18 laurence 18 Griffith 5 Hearne 5 Caffyn 12 E Stephenson 26 Sewell 1 H. H Stephenson 0 Bennett 7 Wells 4 Mudie, not out 0 Byes 0 beg byo 1 Wides 12 Total 128 GEELONG SECOND INNINGS W Simms 7 Elnuho 0 Bryant, not out 15 Robinson, not out 1 Byes 2 Total 25 With two wickets down Game to commence at eleven o'clock to-morrow. 