VCOW X . BECAME A CIIICKEIEA ? (BY ONE OF TUB BNOIJSU KI.EVEN.V . ' . . A younger eon of a younger son, I found mvsolf, at the age oftwenty-slx, with a profession, a very small income, and no practice; but hoping still, as others had done before,' I studied on, always sticking to tho office to be ready for any business, should the goddess of Fortune think fit In one of her freaks to favour me with so diiirahlc a commodity, wticb sho at last did. I got a beginning, and if I bad Worked and studied hard before, I now mado myself almost a slave to iny profes sion; for was there not in tho distanco the protllest piir of bright eyes— combined with tho most lovely face ?_at)tAf. T finmotlittna In rrw wtlrtnef nrnnmg lir.hml *n» «n distant period to call my own ? But ' all work and no ploy makes Jack a dull boy'— and tbo author might have added a sickly one too — and so, after two years of intense mental application, I found myaolfons evening riding home to my little villa, by Kenuington, feeling altogether unwell, though unable to discover the cause. My appetite was pretty good, my sleep unbrokeu, but somehow in the morning I always seemed to wake more tired than when I went to bed. It so happened that on this evening I found, on my arrival at home, a note from my friend Newman (a young doctor, whoso acquaintance I had mado at college, and bad renewed upon finding that he resided in the samo locality as mysoH), inviting mo to spend tho evening with him, 1 his wile having gone to visit a relation at Colchester. I ' accspted the . invitation joyfully, for I found myself certainly in no humour for study. - Wo wore old friends now, as he often ran over to spend an evening with me —as ha said— to obeer mo up in my bachelor lodgings. After our usual greeting of ' Well, old fellow, how are you?'— a question, of course, which we never answered —Newman asked, In his jocular way, if I had swallowed a ghost, as I most certainly looked like one. - I took but little notice of tbe remark passing it off by Baying, I supposed a hard day's work had made me feel and look a little tired. We spent a very pleasant evening, and I rose to take my leave, when Newman, looking at mo seriously, and beginning with tho preface that ho hoped he had now known me Ion' enough, not to he misunderstood, told mo in plain word's that I was overworking myself, and that if 1 continued to do so much longer I Bhould soon bo unable to do any work at all. I admitted that I did not fee! well although I could not account in anyway for bo doing and begged bis advice as to what courso I should pursue', and that ho would prescribe for me— to which be replied —?'No! no I my dear fellow, I don't want you as a patient, for I could do you but little good, Tiie disease suggests ita own remedy. Close confinement in an office all day, and closer atudy at night, suggests at once re laxation.for body and mind— exerciso and plent^of fresh air.' ' But, my dear fellow, how am I to'get these; I am too poor to keep a horse, and if I toko walk ing exercises my mind (acontinually at work on my last readings.' '' CerUinly that is an objection, and although there aro many other ways of attaiuing tbo object, tho i^litoc* dues not at once Btriko me. Billiards would employ your mind, nnd give you exercise, but tho close atmosphere of u billiard-room I should certainly not re commend. Bowing would be better, but that has tbe iibjec'ion of not only being nearly as expensive as horae kooping, but also of belug, if any thing, rather too vio lent an exercise in your present state, tbo continued ex ertion being,' I am confident, more than you could mauoge with any degree of pleasure to yourself.' ' 1 fear it would,' 1 excluimed, dim lecollcctiuun of blistered handa, etc., floating before mo. 'I have it,' he cried 'I have it, old fellow— just tbo thing— can follow it at your own time— no tides, grooms, or anything else to .wait for— can leave off when you feel tired, and be cIobo to your own door. Cricket's the thing, my boy— Cricket; play tho gamo, and I'll stake iny professional reputation that, with two or threo hours on altcrnnto days for a month, you will feel yourself a different man.' 'Jlut, my dear fellow, I don't know anything about cricket; I never played n gomo in ?hv' life1' ' J'hat is no reason why you tfiould not learn ' ho replied; 'and you rcinomucr Doles, our old colleiro tutor nt tha gamo j he is living in the neighbourhood nnd would only be too bappy to give you an hour or two's tuition at nny time.' I did remembor Bole.i, but in another field than the cricket field (having had no taste for tho gamo), for it wns ho who had shown 1110 my first partridge, and many a good day's nport we had bud iogether-and I liked thohlca; so, promising to givo tho matter sonous consideration, I bado him cood night, end was soon at homo and fast asleep. ? It so happened that next morning, walking ffor I had at once determined to walk instead of ride to the ofllce) into town, I met Boles, who had a short ttUuo befor* renewed our old1 acquaintance by employing me in my professional capacity In- some little business in which I wm fortunate enough to succeed. After some conversation (remembering Nowman'a advice) I arranged to meet him tho next, afternoon, at a well-known ground in'the neighbourhood, he promising to fcuy for mo the necessary bat, pad*, and gloves. Behold mo now at tho appointed time, In company with Boles, arriving on tho ground, where, ho snid, ho hnd a capital wicket for ire, wbcro 'I could hit to leg.' I nodded, giving him to understand I know what he meant, though if ho had spoken Cingaleso ho could not havo puzzled mo inoro ns to his meaning. After some little difficulty in getting on my pads, and a narrow cscnp'o of falling on my noso, in consequence of my awkwardness, I stood in front of tho wicket; there were others on tho ground, but as they took no notico ofuol diit int caro. Boles wiis soon in readiness, with tin shirt sleeve of bin right arm tucked as high as ha could conveniently get it, find ! 0 now bright red ball in his hand. Thinking Hint all was now in rondincse, I endeavoured to place myself in the most approved attitude, looking on cithor, side of mo nt thoolbersprnctising.and copying tbemosnearlyuslconld, when I wns aBked by Boles if I didn't 'want puard?.'— another of his Cingaleao phrases, which was explained by Boles tolling me to bold my bat upright; having done which, ho informed mo it was the ' two. off' (still more puzzling). Hoicover, by Boles initiating tho motions of tho hand used by captains of tho river Btea mcrs, I was at last cot into position, Boles telling mo I was all right, as I had got tho ' two lest.' , I cannot Bay that dnring this time I had felf anything like com fortable. Once or twice I had a flying ball within an inch or two of my head, while another had bit mo fair between tho two shoulders, giving ino , n pain there somelhing.llkorhcnroatism ; bnt Iwonld not bodaunted, and having seen a fre3h neighbour hit tho gr.ir.nd two or tbreo times very hard with his' bat, I thought F could not be wrong in doing so myself, especially asl-fouml it gave me a apice of confidence, ami I hoped might be some intimidation to tho defiant Boles, who rinw,, after calling ' play,' I perceived , was 1 running frantically .townnis me. for what purpose I wondered, when sud denly stopping short, turning half round,- extending his right arm quickly, an if throwing tbo bull otsomoone practising about thirty yards to tho left, ho siood quitn still looking nt me. 'At tho nams instant I felt some thing, for I cannot call it seeing (to dpscribo it rightly, would be (0 say I felt Isawlt), prcjs with terrific forco between my legs and tha wicket, Bolesnt the pumo time exclaiming, ' that was very close to you, Sir.' ' I riuito agreed with Boles as to the proximity of the missile to my shins, and said as much to him, when I found that he had meant not close to mo personally, but to tho wicket I ,was;, supposed to bo guarding. ; I ; was now determined that the next ball should, find mo a little better prepared; nud keeping my eyo stcdfnstly on Boles, who went through the same maniacal performance ns before, I watched the. Imll leaving his band, and coming, as I supposed, to at least a foot tho. farther side from tho stumps, and stopped out accordingly with tlie idea of hitting; it as I had seen tbo others do Wh.it was my aurpriso to find that tho ball oh' touching tho ground, instead of continuing in tho same direction (as by all tbe laws of motion I bad, reason to believe it would), took a' nearly opposito cnursa to that it bad before, and, coming directlv towards the wicket, rising atWjosame time, struck me a tromcmlnus'blow on the fleshy part of tha thigh, I could have cried with the pain, and should certainly have Btoppcd awhile, to rub tho injured. part, had I not cnught sight in llio same instant of Boles, who in his Wnndent manner said, ' AH right sir;, five ounces and a half can't hurt .you; tho next time, Sir, keep your bat a little more upright, and allow a little for the break.' As to the first part of this small speech, though I said nothing, i begged to differ with him ;' and tbo latter was so much more Cingalese, though I half gueajed that tbo break must mean the peculiar direction the ball had taken after touching the ground. Sroartlngunderthopain, I placed myself again in position, (6 look out for tbo next ball, determined, if possible, as I could not have my revenge on Boles, at least have it on the ball, and with that intention again stepped out, and bit viciously, as I thought, directly at it. To my great disgnat my bat did not meet with the resistance I had expected ; and, turning half round with the forcoiof my 'intended hit, I saw to my still greater surprise that the stumps had evidently been disarranged. lUin OWI b VI. tUl..{^ bUIIUUUU IUI DVMIIU IJIJIV, VUt^f VUliVU by an occasional bit of moro or less forca in various parts of my body, with a ball played by some one of our nu merous companions, the general result being that on an average about evary alternate ball honied me out. . Being tired of continually refixing tbe stumps, and noticing also that moro than tho avcrago number of spectators wero ' looking at. at, I quietly suggested to Boles that if he were, to bowl not quite no fast I might stand a chanco of hitting the bnll now and then. He acquiesced; and proposed I should now try a few 'slows.' This being arranged, I went quietly back t-i my post, or, rather three posts, and found that, although I could now see, the balls with much greuterdistinctness, I .was farther than over from hitting thorn, for when I stepped out to do so they had always passed me, and when I remained as Boloi ealla it ' m home,' I invaria bly knocked tbe ball directly into Boles's hands, and that always when I thought I had hit it with sufficient force to send it to. the other side of the ground; and getting enraged at this did Dot, tend to improve iny play, so that eventually I was bowled out twica running. Boles now gave mo to understand that it was a rulo amongst cricketers, that whenever three wickets were bowled in succession, the bowler was entitled to a new bat, informing' me at the same time that the last few balls I had played much too forward. Anxious to save the forfeit, I determined it possible t0 avoid my former error, and for that purpose stood ? within my ground, and getting. well back to make a vigorous hit at tbe ball, which was now close upon me, I brought my new bat down with full force upon the braes ferrule of tho middle stump, splitting and otherwise damaging it, to tho great amusement ' of tbo surrounding crowd, and my own chagrin and annoyance.. Giving Boles to understand I. usual habiliments, and scarcely acknowledging tho ' Good day, Sir,' of the worthy Boles, I returned home, and lost no timo in doctoring my much bruised body, vowing inwardly I would forfeit «ny sum rather than be found on a cricket-field again in anv other capacity than that of a looker-on. The itifTne*«s I experienced nuxtdaywas something horrible, though I found my aptitude fur business much fresher than it bad been for many weeks, which I doubted not to be the result of the fresh air and exercise I had taken. How 1 afterwards became a cricketer, . by the untiring advice of Newman, and the zoal of the assiduous Bolea, I must leave for others to- tell ; suffice it to say,I am now a member of three clubs, and ono. of the first eleven in each. May everyone meet with my success, and derive as much benefit from tbe really good old game. East Mnr.HouiiHK v. Coast.— In consequenco of tho match Richmond v. tho Colts having to uo concluded this day, the match East Melbourne r. Coast will not take place. ? . . MAi.vKttN Hill v.Riciuiosn Sncoim Elevkn.— The Malvern team will bo from Hall, Chandler, Moon, R. Boom, H.M. Boom, B. Smllh, Jumw, Biclinrdson, W. II. Handfield, Patterson, Downward, Brooke, and W Chandler. Emkiiald Hitx v. CoLttxowoot).— A match will We played to.day between the above clubs, on tho JJmorold Hill ground, to commence at two o'clock snnrp. Tbe fol lowing will represent tho Hill :— Mooro, Slater, Ever we'l',.R,ynil'.-(!ullen' Cowper, Wilson, Staito, M. Hull, Marshall, nnd Homidge. East Memiouiine (Srcond Exkvkn) v. Pittas — Tho abovo elevens will meet this day, on the ground or the latter, when East Melbourne will be selected from Hedlev, King, Moore, Bland. Ollla, Murray, Langlands, Gomm, Heath, Carson, Wilkinsou, and ,\V. Campbell. Game to commence at two p.m. \- .EbsbndonJv. ABiioTSFOim.— Dear Sir,— Tbo Essen don and Abbotsford clubs met on the ground of the latter, on Saturday last, and had a very pleasant and well-contested game, the victory being on tba aide of the Abbotsford, that club beating their opponents by 15 runs. Tho total scores, including lived, etc., wero as follow:— Abbotsford, 130; Ei«-mlo-i, 12-1; to which Binell, of tho Abbotsford team, contributed the large score of 07, and Hall, on tho Bamo side, V!-. The two Dost Bcores of tho Esscndon wero modo by Tuckle and C Cauipboll, who scored respectively at aud 28. 