latest- erom -spirit land; I should liko to holp tho . poor; man whp'so oasoT'am going to bring before- tlie: Bfitisli public, but I really do not erio any way to as sist liira. I thought of writing a letter to tlio. Times,' and stating his riffiiotiori, but tlio only 'result of suoli an.nppoal would "he,1 so far as I, oaii Bee, to bring mo thrbo' or fnur thousand pounds to buy him. an annuity, nnd; .then to ' compel mo to borrow Policeman A -139 to keop tho charitable from forcing their way into -my house. with : their supororogatory liberality. Ho does not want nionoy, ho wants to get rid. of an- awful persecution; . but unless |some. Sooiety for . ;,tlio - Abolition .of Glio3ts' can .bp, /formed, arid, '.'j.osn "' got ! 'into prompt working, i I cannot , tell!; how my' unlucky friond.'is to bo reliovod. The House, of , Commpns'lcoinplains that it heB, nothing to do this riession ; I wish thp'casri could bo takeii up "by somo independent patriot! All 1 1 can do iB to state, tho plain facts.'1 " _ | ; . i' : .1 usually/attend ti Ghost -Meeting once n: wo'ek( as otic likes to know what is going on in tlio supernatural world. I had' been at one of these gathering's on Saturday kiiglit, and wo Had .-hiid'tho usual businpss.. :Tho medium was very, affable, thc knockings Had come at once)1 and" the regular bui ioees. had. been gone, through, — the Medium's shudder at tho proper moment,, his pinching the arms of the men nearest to him, the lady's iriiirio ia letters- of blood on"; his left arm; nnd not liis right, tlio little balls with the names, and the choice of the correct one, npd occasionally — in order to keep . up tlio supernatural idea as distinct from thai of clever .juggling— the usual blander, jnst as nt.Astley's- the lady pretends to be afraid of the leap, in order to hnvo a storm of applause wlion ebo takes it. We hud eight or nine spirits in tlio room, some tlio ghosts of people who had lived, and soino of people who had not, which aecms to mo h phenomenon of a far higher order than tho other, just ns tho rod lobsters iu the Italian picturo of St. Anthony, preach ing to tho fish shows tho attendance of boiled auditors, nnd increases thovaluoof tho miracle. Thri log of tlio lady next to tho Medium was touched, and slto screamed, and as tho Afedium declared that he had not done it, — and ns I never saw liim before I havo no right to eay tliet ho is n story-teller,— a spirit must have taken that liberty. Finally, wo began to yawn, nnd the Afedium in n gentlemanly manner took the hint and said that he was cxliaustod, and retired, and somo of us went home, and somo to tho club, to havo a cigar, and finish off tho week pleasantly. Tlio following morning my family had gono to church, and as wo had a friend staying with us, 'I had resigned my seat in his favour, for thrire is no sacrifice which wo ought not to make in tlio sacred cnuso of friendship, nnd, besidos, I had privately heard thrit the crack preacher under whom I havo the happiness to sit, lmd got influenza, and would not preach. So, I wns improving my mind with tlio answers to the Essays nnd Review?, tho replios which tbo Tlinhon of Savonia thinks so eood that' ho edits and commends them to the faithful without having cvon read them. Into my study, db I' call ir, -because my bIioos,': -and . fishing rods, and tho children's toys aro kept there, came, without : announcement, n gontlcman whoso face was not faotilinr to tnc, and whom, never theless, I. know that I had seen under peculiar circumstances. In another moment I recognised our Alodium of tlio preceding night. I' wos glad that tlio family had gono out, for my liking for attending spirit manifestations had pccasibried somo rather smart passages at arms between myself and my reepoeted mother in buy,. who hns very orthodox views, and. consi ders Ihnt in consorting with wizard?, ns sho is pleesod to term thorn, I tun proving mysolf to1 be littlo better than a licathon, though ' alio lmd a vory different opi nion of mo— or eaid eo — when olio wee kind oriough to ocecpt tho two rooms 'on thri second floor thnt . look into tho gardens ; arid, moreover, my wife, though sho has too much; good snise to say anything that mi»ht induco ino to reservo my confidences, hns hinted that 'spirit-rapping proclivities are all very woll for bachelors, but are sonreoly rospbetablo in a married man and tho father of » -'family. "But ns wo -wore sure of non-inter ruption for n oouplo of hours, I wolcomod tho Medium with somo cordiality, and gave him an arm- chair. In tho course of this narrative I had bettor call him by somo other narao than that wliioh sotuls a gentle thrill through tho fashionable world. I will nnme him Mr. Endor. Ho is a subject of King Lincoln I. ' ".Sir," said Mr. Endor, after apologising for calling nt such an hour on a Sunday, "you do not beliovo in tho fact that I am in communi cation with tlio other world. It is not neces sary for you to say anything pplito upon tho subject. I perceived Inst night that you dis- riroditcd all tlio messages from tho spirits, audi know that you asked mo to call upon a person ' who, so far as you knew, had no " As a man of science, sir," I said, " you oan not object to any test: that an inquirer -may wish to apply." ' ' " Certainly not, sir. But there is such a thing as bein» too uouto. ; You "wroto down for' mo :the nuino of 'Priscilto Bowkoridge,' which you ! thought an unreal name. Sir, tho spirit of rPrisoilla BowKoiidgo appeared and told you that she. was q'uito happy, and that her cousins wero a'l in purgatory, j .. . , "Sho did not in a cousinly manner, couplo those two facts, Mr. Endor." 1 " No,' sir; But youbelioved that .thore novqr wns sucb a person, and mat you una oqwipu mo out, as you . English say. Sir, Priscflla Bowkoridge was my aunt., Strango as tho coincidence may bp, I had an aunt of that name."": .... - " Well, Mr. Endor, in that caso I am sorry, for tlio -unpleasant condition iu which somo of your family are stated by tho tody to "That is my business, sir. But I did not, oomo hero to speak on that 'subject. I wished to toll you somotliing of a much more disagrcoablo nature."' ' ' " You nro very kind. "Yes - sir. The fact is that -yon linvo got mo "into a most awful- difficulty and ombar: rrissment, arid I think that you. aro bound to use all tlio racai.s in your power to extricate me.' : "Air Endor, tlicso are not days in which international , rights , should bo , disregarded. What'havq I done, arid what can I do ? " You may roirieinbor, sir,— for although I think you- had diriotl, as' you say in tlto old country, , you wore perfectly rational last night, you mtty voiiioriitcr that besides calling upon tbo spirit 01 my ooiuveu uum— "By 'sheer iriridvertonce, Mr. Endor. I nsvor willingly intrude upon the privacy of :a 'tt<"Yes, sir. But .besidos - calling upon Aliss' BowKoridgo, you gnvo mo the uamo of. another spirit -from whom you wished' me to have "intelligence."" "t ; "I-thinkT did.". . ' ' ; . -. i ' "Yes, sir. '. Here, ls.your own writing. WiU yon please to read that ?" . Mr. Endor gave mo a small crumpled pioco of paper. I ieeognised my own writing, though there was a certain freedom about it which is not usually perceptible in manusoript which I prepare before the hour of 7 p.m. The nntno which I had written was Windermere Bluelon. . , „ , . " Would vou read name, sir ? -j" Whidermore Blueton," I read; Jjjap riip— rap, eamo very distinctly, in deed upon tlio desk ou whioli I now pen theso ' ""How did. you do tiiat?" I said, moro hastily than politely, for I was startled. Mr. Endor was sitting at least ten feet from -my "I do it ?" ho answered, reproachfully. " See Ho1 placed his two hands upon his head, and stood straight up in a military position. r « Cau;I bojplaying a trick now ? . Say tho name again, sir." - , I did so, and the tlireo raps were repeated. ' "Well, I don't know how it is done," Isaid, "and there's1 ah end. of the matter,; but I "coir drily" say-tlint- if you really do it with. T» _ -1 U..U >t-!a nnt- of nil tllA nP the aia oi ojwisouuu, iv w thing to bo bringing that party ; into private \- gentlemen's houses during .tho hpurs of- divino servico.',' /...- . " Sir, lot us t-ilk of what wo understand. That person wlicsri liairio you road' out was summoned by you tost night, and come. Who was lie in this life ?" 1 .' " A dreadful bore, Isaid. . Three angry raps. " " , - ' "Bothci ;"I said, " it is porfojtly true. We ;iiscd to call him Winny Blue, and there was iio- getting rid of him." - - j Throe more raps. ; _ "There is no gelling rid of him now, sir. "Eli?" I. answered, "I am very sorry; What havo I 'dono— ubi lapsus (quid,- and so on." 1 ' '' " "Quid -is not. my custom, shybut I'll iriko oio of those cigars', " said Air. Endor, |"ns I havo no appointments tOvday. , Your khigh folk are very funuy. people, and .won't bob spirits on Sunday." . I' Quito "tight too; Mr. Endor ?" - ' ! <f"If it's wrong, on Sunday, it's. wrong on Alonday, sir." " But you, are a superstitious old natiori/arid'thatls ahdrit'tho truth of it.' . .. " Are.'yori come here 'on a Sunday morn ing to ' nbuae iiiy! urifo'rlunate '"country, Mr. Endor?" - :;i «NTo, sir. ' T have como to tell you that you have got mo into this: fix,, and that you must help, mo out of it," "Wl.a'.fix?" -- " " Wtiy, this eternal prescnoft of your /.-fend,' j Mr. -Blueton. ., We've got him up, sir, and - f now, sir, by Jove, ho won't go down." ; " "But surely. you, as u msgicinn, can work the necessary spells ?.". _ . . " You may. deride,, sir, But. yon, have jus# let oat the truth. Your lamented friend, Mr. . - 'Blueton, was a bore in this life, ond a bore he , 1 hns remninod in tho other. Now I mast say v ' that, Anowing liis characteristics, it was veiy ' inoonsiderato of yon, . taking it ill (for mildest .? way, to call him up." "I aseure you, 3Ir. Endor, I -would not r havo mentioned his name tortile world, if. I '.'5 had not thought" 1 hosita'jed, fori was in - my own house. ' \ " If yon hnd riot thought, b5j, that I was oa all-fired humbug, ancl thore was us much .' clinnco of Air. Bluotsii'd coming up as o C ' . 1> Julius Cmsar's." i — " I wish," I said, trying to orsdo the' charge, » " thnt you would not say coming ' up.' Blue- ! ton wns not exactly "my 'friend, tut I should- be ' sorry to think that liis antecedents " Rap — rap— rap. "Ho will .be hoard, sir,. Ho followed me .. homo last night, ho pure mo no peace, sitting - j or lying don n, until I got at tlio writing table and began to. write to liis dictation ; ho kept ' mo nt it till four in tlio morning, tho morning of this blessed Sunday, and then I dropped asleep from dead fatigue." > "By Goorge," Isaid "tlmt. is like Biuotou. I belioro thnt you nro making a convei-J of" 7 ino, Air. Endor, ' " Well, sir, then yon'!', bo able to tako my place when I'am gone to the linppy. hunting. I grounds, for a week of- this ghost whom vou have raised will about finish me off.- When I "'" was awoko by those cussed watororesscs (and ; - you enH yourselves a Cliristiun, nation), this - j Blueton began at mo again, mul l havo boon scribbling ovor since, till I made a clean ruBh ',, out of tlio houso and came up to you, thnt you - might relievo me, as is just and right, of a . portion of my labour. Look hero." And ho pulled out a vast heap of rapidly; _ written manuscript, looking uncommonly like I tlio sort of tiling that an intending author - sends to unfortunate editors, with a jaunty' i note to tlio effect that it has bcon " dashed off," rind with somo little "pruning" will doubtless - bo acceptable to tho highly popular journal fa- c vourod by tho romittanoo. . Ran — rap — rap. ; " Alow, ho wnnts to be nt it again. Don't -- yon, spirit of Blueton ?" / - Rap—rap — rap. ; I " Yes, sir. Now, do you lake tlio pon, and, j take a spell at tho work." "But I am not a Medium," I said. Be-. r sides, I would not havo dono it for liim in life, and I don't sco why I should do' more when - his stories must bo nil old, and he can't tiara' 7' anything to say that I want to hour." - ' ? "I will mako you a Afedium in no timo,"-" said Air. Endor. " Would you riug for.'n T razor nnd n clean pinto — a soup plate would , bo tlio best ?" "No, I would not. I am particular about— my razors, and my wife does not liko hor ciiina 7 to be played with. You must tako this ghosO of a boro, Mr. Endor, as ono of tbo accidents / of trado. I oannot interfere." . . " I expected more liberal doaling, sir, capo--, cially after tho way vrq behaved iu that Mason , and Slidell affair." . /I "You touch me, sir, but it is! impossible.' Non- intorv.ontiou, Air. Endor, is the policy, and I; must carry it out in this ease. But, 17 surely, you know how to got rid of a spirit'! which you have summoned ?" " Generally, sir, -they are too' glad to. get") as you aro a family man. But this Blueton won't go, and that's a fact." t j Rap— rap — rap. - \ " An old plague. We blackballed liim at the, ICarnifox because lie was. such a bore, oud we, nearly expelled a man who invitod him there to' dinner! . It ii too bad of him to stick to you liko this. . But you must, soo that I can linvo' nothing to Bay to liim. ; What would Mrs.' Kent nnd hor mother say -when tliey dome in' from church, and found me. acting as amanuensis to a ghost ? Wo owe something to our families, Mr; Endor.- It won't do." — \-- xou nro unjust; to .America, sir. ear. Seward is right, and so ia., the Now York Herald, in Baying that you have en aristocratic hatred of UB." V On tho contrary, Mr. Endor, I assure you thnt all educated Englishmen are enraged at any attempt to sow hostility botweon your selves and lis. But I am net going to adopt your ghostB, for all that. Still, I should liko to make this up to you." . " Yes, sir." "I am not a medium, and I don't know what you wero going' to do to me with the razor and soup plate, ond I don't want to know. But oan I rcud thoso manuscripts of yours, wlucli the ghost has dictated ? I ask, becauso I am blessed ii I could read tho scrib ble you mndo.undor tho table last night, and produced ns a message from Aliss Priscilto." ' . " It was as - plain as print, sir, and this is plainer. You can read this fast enough, if you liko." Ho held mo out a leaf or two, nnd I saw that the handwriting was very clear, and I caught tho words, " my wife,"—" protestations," — VIIU W40jVi) IX1J UWit piUlUfUj Illiu BUUia other hits, easily enough. "Yes, that's plain sailing. Well, Aht. Endor, I take it that you havo a porfect right in any manuscript with which a ghost may favour you." "A copy-right you mean, eir ?" ho oskod. "I should like to bo.Bure on that subject, as you know that it is one on which wo Ameri cans are very particular." " Just SO. Well; I think I may certify, as an.author, that what you take down from the lipB— lias ho got lips ?— of a spirit, you may publish. Now, I'll look over Ghost Blueton's manuscript, and if it is nt all good for_ any thing, I will try and got you a price for it. don't say that it will he, mind, for ho never Baid anything in his lifetime that was worth n farthing. But most folks improve after death, or biograpliios aro written on false principles. " Well, Bir, that is a gentlemanly offer, and I shall bo obliged by your doing your best to consolo mc undor this unmerited persecution." " I will, nnd as I know old Blueton very well, I shall bo able to touch him up, if ho ventures on humbug. Besides, I shall bo able to annotate him by somo Btories ho would not liko told. Horo tliero was most indignant rapping on my poor desk. " Ho don't liko that sentiment, sir, " I don't care. I helped to blackball him nlivo, and I defy him. Raps — but, fainter. 7 " You see, Mr. Endor, ho wants to como to terms. Nothing like making a demonstration of power and will, Mr. Endor.' Oir, X liavu liuuru vi»»b douuuiwiu "Now, I tell you what, and you tell it to your ghost. If ho lots you alono for a weok, I will lot him off cosily in my notes to bis manusoript. But if he does not — " Three gentle raps. , ' ."Ho accepts tho terms, air. I wish you had said a fortnight." :'! Never mind— -two havo made tho bargain, aud wo must ho upon honour, oven with a disembodied spirit. Leave ine tho manuscript, and I wilh Bea what it is like. Whou is your next seance? " " No matter, sir. I will trouble you not to attend again, at, least till this torment is laid, for you aro not n person who can bo allowed to call on promiscuous ghosts. I wish you a good morning, sir, and I am sorry to havo dis turbed you on a Sunday, but it was for a work of mercy." , Mr. Endor departed, leaving, mo tho Spirit MS. I had barely had time to glnuce over it, when, tho family returned from sorvice. As my visitor had como anonymously, I escaped much interrogation ; but it is n curious fact thnt my wife, entering my Btudy, apologised for having forgotten to buy mo some Yesta matches, and wns sorry I had been obliged to uso one of thoso wooden ones, that smell so of sulphur. I had lighted no match. — Kent. — Once a lfreel', 8th March. 