^ — ? ? THE PAiTOttAL AuDivliSS. Of the Most Reverend the Archbishop, ahd op thjj Right Reverend the Bishops, of the Province of Australia, in Council Assembled. To the Faithful under our jurisdiction. Health and Benediction in our Lord Jesus Christ ? Dearly Beloved,— -It is with a deep sense of gratitude to Almighty God, that we recognize, in the nrogress of our holy religion, throughout these colonies, the fruits of your fidelity and *eal, accept ing and aiding the ceaseless labour* of our devoted priests, whom we, as pastors of our Lord|i flock, aave bceu aDie « »euu awuug j«u. *m^i» — — uf Iovb has not been in vain, became you have mei them With a welcome, and ministered to them an_» (heir objects with a heartines* as cheering and lelpml to them, as they were graceful in you, when ffereitotne servants ef such a master as theirs. You hive valued th*m as Miisionary prieits delight to be valued, for their work and for their Masier'n «ake. Maj th» fcflM*«ien oTCfoA reft npoa j«n ir v, a id .nay tie multiply Hia graced within you i souls ! . And now, Dearlv B-.'loved, after careful consider atiou of the condition and progress of the Church. «e fiid that our solicitude needs to be yet mort ?irgetuJy, and p'ovidentlv. directed to the future To vour readiness in providing for present wants, we willingly testify. We spetk of the faithful in {ener*!. We have to lament instances, and many instances, of large incoaie, atid stinted contributions. Men ot great wealth there are, of great possessions, wh is; generosity the Church has nerer experienced, who s^e » to ignore their resuonoib lit- and their privileg-s, their obligation and their bl-ssed distinction above their fellows, in being able, through their wealth, to co- operate with th Ministers of God in building up His Church, with all its appurtenances in this new laud. Oh! that the sentiment which inspired a king of old, glowed in the hearts of all our people, rich and poor— ' D -iuine dilcxi decoreru do in us tu» et locum hrfbitationis glor'es luae.'* : Now, let, us recur to the soMrces of ? Christian men's obligation to devote a portion of their substance not to this nor to that particular object only in the lensfih and b.reatu.ot God's 'ervice, but to its who! tiem. '' L^tiirn mandatu n tuum nimis.' Tlie com-nan Iment, O God, is. uceedii.g broad. You know, Duarly Beloved, tliMt, be sides the , natural obligati m under which all men confess, themselves bound to rentier back to G)d iu thanksgiving so --e part of th-ir meitns to Him from whom they have received all. and by whoai thev have been constituted stewards of His --i'ts, there were added, in the elder Church to the chosen people, a stiict precept, requiring not only a stated proportion of their permanent income, but als- (itst fruits. You have read, also, that in the early Christian Church, many parted with all that they had, and laid it iu the cotnmou fund at tlie Ap'tgtle'f feet ; and you remember how there was incidentally established the principle, that property s) offered was to he held Jacred to God's holy ser. vice, under the distribution of His appointed minis ters. You have further heard that, in later ages, those ministers decide I, at different times and different places, to imke a threefold partition of consesrated offerings made from yeat to year by the faithful, i i the measure of ttitir devotion, or of the estabiinhed regulations. This threefold partition assigned one part to the susteutation of the Bishop and Clergy— a second to the erection of churches, and of God's public service in the same -and a third to the support and comfort of the poor. Now, these things have been doue and written for our learning; and Holy Church, in her Sacred Scriptures, and in her later history presents then to you for your imi tation and guidance, expecting you to receive them in the Living, imitative, generous spirit et children, rather ea«ei to go beyond the expressed will of their dear mother, than studious kotr to fulfil it at least cost. And, thank. God, her teaching is so received by nu timers. Many and many a time have we been consoled and edified by the devout spiut of our servant girls, and humble day labourers bringing ot their burd eara'tngs to the treasury of God,. a sain that in its noble proportion to their all we- t tar beyond tithe and first fruit9 of the ancient Jew, or the canonical contributions of later and Christian tunes We offer these also, Dearly Be loved, us examples calculated to win your emula tion. Everything you see— whether it be in the old Law, or in Gospel record, or in Church History, or in the practice of their si pie faithful hearts amongst ou selves, convince you of the strict obligation of contributing statedly, constantly, to all the depart ments of G id's service, and not only convince \ou of strict obligation, but also persuade you to an openhanded, wiling, anticipation of the Church's wants. Freely -«u have received— freely gi»e — think of this— referring in your thoughts to the hard pinched lot, and the cold, iron-bound prospects that for themselves and their children, press upo the men and women of the eld countries, and comparing it with what you are enjo-ing, and what you may hooe to enj -y. We will no doubt, Dearly Beloved, that you are ready to accept aud cultivate the true Catholic spirit iu these regards. But now, receivt this our tififcctionate admonition in regard to that threefold ooject to which the Church directs the liberality ot Catholics, and th« way in which it it to be understood in theed early day* «f the Church in Australia. 1st.- The Clergy. We are not to understand certainly, thtt the few prieati who are actually serving amongst us ; but the Urge increase we want, the many we might, and ought to have, if «ur xeal fed sincere and hearty, and if our spiritual destitution i» to be remedied. Under this head comes the piessing- necessity of e?clesiestic«l seminaries, so sttonifly recco-nmended by tie Council of Trent. In the meanwhile, for those additional, for those future priests, we need funds for tccL-siasticrtl education, and funds to meet various other expenses. 2nd. The erection of Churches, and the pnolic . service of God. Bythia-ou will understand, if ) on are the grateful children of God, not merely churches only, but convents, schools, reformatories hospitals, lib. a'Ui. Above all appear pre-eminent the claims of the Cathedrals, or the Mother Churcn in each Dioctse, to your most generous and untiring love. 3rd The poor — who are they here ? So nether? are, certainly, who have not fuod and clothing, out our truly poor' are they who ara pasMiig their lives away from the ministrations of religion, in destitution, of sacraments, in i^aorvnee of th principles of Christian belief and practice. These thousands are at present beyond ttye reacft, perhaps, of a Catholic neighbour, who might from time to time speak of Gad's goodness and man's responsi hilSt.i ? mnA « nil .IPar f riprtH 4. II *nll At\ t\nt «t.i./i \JM ? a to W ? IV I » I* J ** **f — » — ?? B~va- mm-^--g mm j ^» m* *»V 9f^m SVIIVV and spend somewhat for their relief — spiritU4l retiet —you who enjoy, yourselves the uatuistraiioti of religion, then are you indeed, the rich men at whose gates their souls, Lazarus like, lie festering. Tue little ones, too,, of our dear Lord — how sad thtir lot, perishing in 'piritual buHger— parvuli petierunt pattern et turn erat qui fremgeret eit. Tne children ask tor bread, aud there, were none to break it unto them; and thus this third point, in some sort, merges in the first. . , .? . . . .:. :^ / . . This, then,. U the fashion «r interpretation for AusUalian Bonan Catboliaa, . as ^ f ef aria Jiuit I^BB^^^^HI^BBHHBBHBBHBBHBBBHHHDBSnHBK^BHi '?ligatioii ot cootrtbuiiug to the se vice or God; ind we trust that you will not any longer conflae vour cares— if any of you have hitherto so eonflnei them— to your own present wants and immediate «eeds. Only open your hearts to God's grace in the right spirit, and you will require little urging. Show that you appreciate the honour, and the : -ower, which the Providence of Almigh'y God has ilaced in your hand. See the men of the world, ^c »ow wise, how venturesome they are, and forecasting n their generation ; what provision they make to* i cure all advanlanges, and supply all wants as they shall arise! Lines of noble ships; miles of eostly railways: gorgeous banking houses, and places ef oublic . resort ; prove their faith in the futura. Show, al-o, your faitb in yours, and make to your se vea friends in Heaven, out of that Mammon of iniquity. . . Another subject about which we are mo9t anxioutr that you should be rightly informed and atesdfast in vour Catholic principles, is that of the public education of your children, and especially of the children of the poor. If is evident that attempts, are being made to wrest fiom us but liberty of «o'iscience in this matter, to entail the freedom is which we have been able to train onr children ia secular ledrttiog, q .ickened by Catholic. faUh, and guarded by Catholic discipline, in order *o submit them to the fetters of what ia called National Education. This ia a manifest misnomer. The so-called Na'ional Education, or Board of General Education,* is in truth sectarian, for it is at variance with the religious feelings of Catholics, that is, ft large body of the population, eq-ul t»one«fourth or even one-third of the nation— if we may uae the term— and it ia a persecuting sectarianism, since it would compel Catholics to accept a system vitally defective, however accepted by non- Catholics, who^ have of course, neither fear nor sense of such' deficiency. Catholics do not believe that the education of a child is like a thing of mechanism, '. that fo can be put together t^it by bit. Now a*, morsel of instruction on' religion, and then of inT-. structiun in secular learning— seperate parcels, with-, as little reciprocal action as have twa books on the shelves of a library. We hold, that subjects taught/ the teacher and his faith, the rule and practises of the shool day — all combine to produce the result which we Catholics consider to be education, and that, this desirable result cannot be looked for -^ withou; such combined action. The system to-- which we have adverted, seems to consider th«s ohildl as a receiving machine, and the teacher as att imparting machine, and that here their relation* end. If ia not so ; the human being teaching will* ' by reason of his religious faith, and other qualifier, - ~ ' influence the human being taught; th«- day* -with its work aud devotions, arranged on a , plan, consistent throughout with our faith, will mould one form of character, the day not so arranged wilt ' produce quite another; there is, in the system we ' deprecate, no unity, n-» consistency. It is not only - defective, it is corrupting ahd dissipating, and,- ' therefore, for reasons obvious to every well-informed ; Catholic, we mast hive for our children, Catholic: schools, Catholic teachers, and, as fast as we can- - supply them, Catholic books. Do not be seduced out of this determination by promises of superior learning for your children ! The promises are ?' vain ; our schools an and shall supply all that Catholic children could. obtain elsewhere. Make your determination known, see that your representa tives in Parliament are duly impressed with it, and ch -o*e only those who will respect your religious rights and liberties in this most vital point. Be not influenced by pUusible statements and appeal* to a f--Ue liberality. Catholics must sesure for their chillreu, above all things, a religious education^ add in a matter of so much importance, they must not rrsk hazardous experiments. Their children: ? may and must in school breathe a Catholic atmos* ' phere. It would bo a* wise to take away one of the constituent elements of common air, and think: t- maintain the he tltii and vigour of human beings^ living in that uniatural mediatn, by restoring' afcerivards the withJrawa element, as to make up * Catholic education fur childreu by adding at one time the religion which has been scrupulously banished at another. . [f yau grow a flower in cold aud darkness one-half of the day, no arbitrary amount of light aud heat afterwards will produce & plant of the vigour and beauty proper to its kind. Tne Divorce Bill, which has, unhappily, passef into liw in so lie of the Coluuies, »nd which, has beent si o1i iiibly presselupon the Legislatures of the ~ - other Coloniei during the present Session, hat na turally drawn our attention afresh to the evils of nixed nmriagea. Ttiis measure adds, you will ibu-rve, materially to,tbo^e erih, inasmuch as it ,?:??? ill)v»s, by human law, a separation which the Ca* . / iholie believes it is uot allowable by the Divine law, and no exposes the Oattiolic party to be left boiad as lotig as the n'-n Catholic p^rty, who mav choose* t) for.n other ties, shall live. Let this added mts» chief. Dearly Beloved, prevail upon you to renew your aversion tnd watchfulness against mixed mar riagee. You knot how the Church treats them, h«w she toleratei them only as an inevitable evil, how she stands by at luch a marriage, sad, and as if mourning. No holy, all grace- procuring Mass cele^ - brai«d ; no solemn nuptial blessing with upltfeed ? . h^n 8, pronounced by the Priest of God. it cannot. , be that young peoplp, properly trained in affection ate allegiance to Holy Church, duly esti mating the graces af which she u the channel, should so- ; lightly permit their thoughts to rest on the be- ; . ginning of attachments that must end in a dreary , prospect at best. Let the obstacle of » ; different religion bd frankly pronounced by ; parents an insurmountable [ one, and the youngv ? accustoned all their live* so to consider it, and see it considered, are in no danger of allowing them selves to be entangled. Iris the indecision aad worldliness of psren's that create for their chtldrett danger, and so we entreat you to cnt^mola^ '»om»h t tlie1S«ro^l^^ftttKly^o^o&^Wa^^^^ -a cprnpensation-foif'the. certain evils: of mixed marr -riag€s;; r- rAt the. best^ what must, ba the result ?' Huaband i and: ; wife- divided on- the most important, ..the- ? most. ?- influential, and perp ?vading'..- of-' alLi subjebta!.', Np^ ^ mutual raid, ono common-; sympathies in religion 'ithat -gives'dignity and; safety, to their union. As Gatho licsj you believe the marriednstate to be a vocation, ????.-. hav^ng-it8 special trials, dangers, hopes', and to meet ' thespjits special. graces ; .and.you know ^ it is idle-to i talk abojatieachi party worshipping God undisturbed, ?I .according 4o; [his or her. conscience ;And:of the ?children -of esuchu:marriages what can; we say, even ! where the Catholic conditions aro faithfully— as ther ! so frequently lareinoti-Akept? What can you, in ! jorflinary prudence, eixpectthem to leain, to be? ??? At '! fib e'Jbest.perhapsj' indifferent; born and practically I ' bred in that subtlest of the modern forms of; 1 infidelityrtbe notion that an essence of all religious ! ' .caanbe extracted andfsecufed,- in abstraction from :'j all positive 'belief j from all, sdcrament, within the ?recesses of aman?s own breast; ; Dare you 'do this? 'Will ' your: -children dare to do itj if ? you think, and ??teach them to think of H.'-as the danger of indiffer | ence^Jof practical infidelity, ought to be thought of. What is it to tempt the goodness of God if this be ?notiat-? We do 'hope, Dearly Beloved, that '?'£?;? thou'gbtlessness about consequences, more than un ..faitrifulriesaand reckless worldliness, is the cause of so many of these deplorable marriages. We must speak strongly, because we fear greatly; we can no longer maintain even an apparent silence in the tpresea.ee of a growing ?'evil ; we dare not see Ca-1 tholics,-were it to gain ' the whole world, divest themselves; as married people, of great safeguards ^?against the. loss of their own and children's souls. ' May. you,-'Dearly Beloved, lay these things to heart, ?? and 'may the Holy Spirit enlighten- and strengthen ??you.--' ''« '?'? ? :' '''. ' '? '? ' '; ' The' blessing of Cod.'the Father, the ' Son, and ,-HolyGhost, be withypu now and for ever. .' -f.' JOHN BEDE,: 'Archbishop of Sydney, -j- RO B ERT WlLLMiVr, Bishop of Hobarton. -p- JAMES ALIPIUS, Bishop ; of. Melbourne. . ^j'4;ME'.S,^s7h:op,\of [Brisbane.;' ; '; '?Given- at [Meibourhe,'1 ' '? ' . %. Fe'^st iii'Aii Saints,.:i862..: ?*. ? ; . is *M:-'-r ti' ' '?'??'?' ' ?? '? ' ? ' ' ' ? ' ?? 