MARYBOROUGH [From Our Own Correspondent.] Your humble scribe had the privilege of witnessing the starting of our new steam saw mills on Saturday last, and a most pleasant sight it was, I assure you. A few persons interested had, been invited on the occasion, and appeared all equally delighted with the success which has crowned the last six months' labours of the proprietors. Two circular saws were worked, one of which rapidly divided huge logs while the other no less rapidly converted the "junks" into flooring- boards. And the work was admirably done too, as you will believe when I say that several competent judges pronounced the boards worth at least twenty-five per cent, more than those supplied by the sawyers, owing to their being more cleanly and accurately cut. It is calcu- lated that the timber trade of this port will not fall far short of £10,000 during the next twelve months, which will be a very respectable addition to our exports. Another benefit we shall derive from this trade is, that numerous coasting vessels will visit us. Several have already been here, and the masters all testify to the superiority of our bay and river ; one went so far as to assert that Maryborough was more accessible—by the northern entrance—than any other port in Aus- tralia excepting, only Sydney. There is plenty of room and depth of water from Harvey's Bay to the heads of the Mary, and, they say, "wind or no wind, we can float up to the township in two tides." I have no desire to puff up our shipping capabilities to the disparagement of other ports, but feel called upon to rebut the scandalous allegations of our mob ridden Government, that large vessels cannot be got to run to Wide Bay. It is notorious that the Eagle in running between Glad- stone and Sydney passes through our bay rather than go outside Fraser's Island, and sailing vessels have been known to adopt the same course. Our river is un- doubtedly the narrowest, but it is cer- tainly the deepest of the three. The Duke of Wellington from your port arrived here on the 20th. Mr. Aldridge alias the " founder of Maryborough " has been elected an alder- man, and appears to be doing some ser- vice in making use of the " brains " which threatened undue development in our heterogeneous little Council. There is little doubt that the mania for China- men has subsided and that the electors are once more in their sober senses. This return of consciousness has been pro- duced by a deep thrust into the towns- people's pockets, which appears to be their only vulnerable point. A pretty bungle was made in the assessment papers which were issued without the ghost of a date or stating the time for which the tax was levied. For all the recipients knew to the contrary it might have been a weekly tax, a tax for last year or next year, anything in fact but a tax for the half-year ending December 31,1861. There is some stir here about explor- ing the Wide Bay District to the south- ward and prospecting f or gold. Copper ore is known to exist—in fact I have within the last few days seen a piece of ore which was unquestionably very rich, and was found on the surface in the southern part of this district. Coal also has been discovered, and specks of gold I have been seen. An old Victorian digger assured me lately that the coun- try presented all the usual indications of a rich gold-field, and he could almost believe himself to be on Ballarat when he visited it a few months ago. A party will start early next year, fitted out at their own expense, and rations being guaranteed by the townspeople, many of whom are sanguine of success. The Police Act is now in force here, and will, if judiciously carried out by the police, be productive of much good. Your leading article urging the neces- sity of increased representation for the North has been read with much satisfac- tion here. Let but unity prevail among us, and Moreton Bay will be stopped in her avaricious career ; but it were better to set out on a broomstick journey to the moon than to trust to spasmodic and isolated attempts to secure our proper share of Government attention and ex- penditure. The Christmas holidays are now oc- cupying everybody'e attention. Business is deferred till the new year. 