SOUTH AUSTRALIA. By way of Melbourne, we have BOWS to the 4th instant from Adelaide. M'KINLA-S'S ExrBDiTioK.-On the 2nd instant there was laid on the table of the House of Assembly the following letter of instructions, which was given by the Commissioner of Crown Lands to Mr. McKinlay when he left Adelaide. It refers to Stuart's country, on the v, custom side of Lake Eyre : " Crown Lands and Immigration Office, Adelaide, August 19,18 Sirs-I expected to have been able to give you some definite information as to the country west of Lake Eyre, bat and that I can only give you general information ; I therefore request that, when you may succeed in reaching the country to the west of Lake j re, you will carefully search that locality for. indications of gold, minerals, or precious stones, as there is reason to believe that some of these exist, and have been found, in that locality, and you will especially search the country between Longitude 138 dog and 137 dog and lntitud(;27drg and 32 deg having,' regard to those objroU It will be desirable that you are ill keep till information from the remainder of your party until it become s necessary that you should make use of their son dogs in digging . or washing the soil - 1 I need hardly mention that any also ivory of this nature will prove of great value to the colony. The neighbourhoods of Miranda Arthur, Hunter, and Koinuson are especially pointed out as worthy of a careful search. "I haven't, H. B T STRANGWAYS "J M'lunlay, 1 was, in charge Burke Relief expedition THE ltnAHcii MAU Slawen - Com F IVKNIAIIY Ullina -A dinner was given i to Mr Townsend, M P', and the other members who secured the resumption of the King George's Sound branch a service on Tuesday evening, at the Norfolk Arms His worship the Mayor occupied the chair, and Mr. K L Grundy, MP, the vice-chairs. Besides the toasts usual to such occasions, there were also given "The Parliament," "The health of Mr Townsend and the other members who supported the King George's Sound route " " the land we live in,' all of which were appropriately proposed and suitably acknowledged Several songs and recita- tions were given, and, though the company was by no means large, a very pleasant evening appeared to have been spent - 5 At Register, October 1. LANCASHIRE RELIEF FUND -The same journal of 26th ultimo says -We understand that the total amount in the hands of the treasurer in aid of the distressed operatives "of Lancashire is £1185 Is, 7d., £508 5s of which sum has been collected at Guichen Bay alone It is intended to remit £1000 by the in in which leaves to day. and MINISTEr, The misunderstanding between the Ministry and the Opposition is for the present arranged. A truce has been declared. The contending parties have agreed to a mutual cessa- tion from hostilities, in order that the business of the session may be disposed of, after which there is to be an immediate appeal to the country. The Government, as we anticipated, and as we strongly recommended as early as Thursday last, announced yesterday to the Legislature that they had resolved to proceed with the measures before the parliament, with a view to recommend him a dissolution immediately after the close of the session, The Attorney-General, in the Assembly, mentioned the 20th of the present month as the last day of sitting. But the 20th falls on a . Monday, so that the list is a more likely day, but in either case the session would practically terminate on 1 today, the 17th instant. A special reason for making the dissolution as early as possible Is that, unless the new elections are hold before the mMIa of November, they will not be able to take place until July next. At last there is sufficient doubt on this point to make the Attorney-General recommend that the risk of a disputed election should not be incurred. It is therefore intended to arrange for an appeal to the country prior to the sitting of the November Court of Revision, up to which time the old electoral rolls will be in force, for the existing Act, which was passed last year, states that "if any election shall take place after this act shall come into operation, i and before a Court of Revision shall have been held under the provisions hereof, the electoral roll for the province which would have been in force if this Act had not been passed shall be deemed and taken to be the register of voters under this Act for the purposes of each election " In the uncertainty relative to the formation of new rolls, then, there is an additional reason for the proposed dissolution But the Government do not need this as a justification for the course which they have determined upon It is sufficient to know that the Assembly cannot keep alive I for any useful purpose without an infusion of new blood, and though the country may And it inconvenient to have a general election taking place near harvest-, time, that inconvenience it will no doubt be cheerfully submitted to when the necessity for it is understood, The legislation which remains to be dealt with this session includes the several bills now before the House and one or two others which have yet to be introduced. The Attorney-General yesterday specially mentioned the Murray Railway Bill as the most important measure that still remained to be sent down to return I no reference to the Mineral Laws Bill, and it is therefore to be supposed that this subject is likely to be left till next session But It will be found that there is plenty of business to occupy honorable members during the fortnight which now belongs to them, especially as there will probably be a effort made to secure i next week for holiday purposes This, then, is the end of the crisis for the present, Ihoscslon, which opened so peaceably and dragged its slow length along so languidly, is certainly about to empire in a manner very different from what was expected The shouts of the hustings disturb its list moments, and honorable members separate for immediate war, instead of for a long recess of peace Register, October 2. lUiLV,A\ AcomxhT of The KAruNDA LINE -On Friday morning, the 3rd instant, an accident occurred to the Kapunda down train, which, although not very serious in its results, might have been accompanied with very disastrous consequences, involving not only a destruction of property but a considerable loss of life The following are the particulars, as furnished by the Kapunda correspondent of the South Australian Regala " the Kapunda up train left the station on Friday morning, at eight o'clock, as usual, with five passengers and the luggage v ans The steam is always shut off immediately after leaving the station, as it is all for. a hill to the bridge two miles, and the break is put on about half way. When within 300 yards of the bridge the train ran off the line, owing to some of the rails having sunk The prospect v. as now frightful in the extreme, as they were rushing along a high and very narrow embankment towards a bridge elevated forty feet above the light. The engineer, Big Bill, and the rest did not lose their presence of mind, however, but used every effort to stop the train, which ran on to the bridge and against and under the wooden uren with a frightful crash, smashing Iron bars two inches thick, and knocking beams into small fragments The engine, which was all across the bridge, then sank by Its weight through the floor, and remained supported by the boats Most providentially the bridge is remarkably strong, and built on the laminated arch suspension of people: had it been of any other description no thickness of wall could have prevented the engine falling over into the Light, to the probable destruction of every one in the train. As it was, it ran partly under the end of the arch, which is formed of twenty-two inch planks bolted together, and which is canted over to one side for its whole length, some 100 foot, while several of the iron him that support the bridge are snapped in two, and the recoil of the spring of the arch sent the engine back a foot. An engine was despatched immediately, which brought the passengers into town by about half-past twelve o'clock. No-one was hurt, and arrangements are being made for continuing the traffic, which, it is expected, will not be delayed after to day. It was continued from beyond the Light, The engine, an old one, can be repaired. The carriages are not much injured, but a number of the brow chairs are broken, and it will take some time to repair the bridge, which is greatly shaken and smashed " THE WENTWORTH (STATUE A. meeting of the sub- scriber to the Wentworth Statue will be held this evening, at the Temperance Hall, for the purpose of deciding as to the appropriation of the balance in hand, and to appoint a treasurer in lieu of Mr. Thomas Barker, resigned. The meeting is convened for 7 p.m. PADDUVGI-ON-Tho following addresses have been presented to the Rev. Mr. Brennan To the Rev. James D. Brennan, incumbent of St. Matthias', Paddington, New South Wales. Rev. dear Sir,-We, the undersigned wardens, seat-holders, and others of St Matthias' Church, have heard with deep regret or your having resigned the pastoral charge of this parish, and of 5 our intended speedy removal to Melbourne on account of your failing health. We wish to assure you of our sincere appreciation of your per- severing efforts and unceasing real For our spiritual welfare and in spreading the Gospel in our neighbourhood. To your earnest endeavours wo mainly owe the erection or that edifice in which you have for some time past laboured to impress us with the truths of the Gospel and we trust not in vain. In wishing you farewell, we would again express our concern at the cause of your hasty departure, but trust that the change will, with God's blessing, be the means of restoring to you the health you have lost in labouring among us. In conclusion, we desire to acknowledge the kindly sympathy and Christian friendship which have been manifested by Mrs. Brennan in her intercourse with one and all of us, and we would venture to hope that you may long be spared, both to each other and to those among whom the providence of God may place you, "All things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to His purpose." We remain, So. 11th. October. [Signed by 210 portions.] The Sunday-school teachers had previously presented Mr. Brennan with an interleaved handsomely-bound Bible, accompanied by the following address : To the Rev. James D. Brennan. Rev. and dear Sir-We have heard with deep regret of your intended departure from amongst us. We request your acceptance of the accompanying Bible as a slight expression of our sincere gratitude for all your kind and valuable instruction. We wish it to remind you of many happy teachers' meetings spent together, the benefits of which we earnestly pray may not have been lost upon us. We shall continue to play for you, that wherever, in the providence of God, you may be placed, His spirit may rest abundantly upon your labours. May we, through your ministry, draw many souls to Himself to be your crowns of rejoicing in the day of Christ. May He fill you with the Holy Ghost, comfort you in every sorrow with his own consolations, and grant that His joy may ever be your strength ; and however widely we may be separated in this life, may He unite uBattbolastbcfoio His throne, to spend eternity together in the service of our Redeemer, We are, rev. and dear sir, your sincere friends, SUPPOSED DEATH FROM SNAKEBITE. The Good Dog correspondent of the Illawarra Mercury, writing to that journal, reports that an inquest had been held by the coronor, Mr. T. M. Richards, on Wednesday, the 24th ultimo, touching the death of a boy named James Perkins, who died suddenly on the Monday evening previous. It appeared that the boy was employed after dinner in cutting down suckers, when he remarked to his grandfather that something with agrees head had bitten him. He had often seen snakes, and as he spoke of it as not being a snake, little alarm was felt until fatal symptoms set in, and the usual remedies were found to be incidental. He died the same evening about ten o'clock, before medical aid arrived. The poor lad was [sensible until within a short time of his death, and complained that his sight was leaving him. He was bitten in the ankle, the marks being little more than visible, and appearing like punctures with a pin. There was no apparent swelling or discoloration of the body. A verdict was returned to the effect that death ensued from the bite of some venomous reptile. CLEARING! OUT OF THE EUREKA READ-On Saturday morning the miners eil masse took their departure from the scene of their disappointment and loss, and made their way sad and weary into Forbes. The night before their departure, however, they gave a demonstration of their rage in the shape of a midnight procession with lamps, flambeaux, and torches. A number of those most inveterate against the prospectors formed an effigy of Red Jack, dressed out in diggers' garments, and, having assembled about 600 persons, started out in procession. The hand instruments consisted of tin kettles, billies, pannicans and wash dishes. The discord of the instruments, mingled with the groans and yells of the infuriated diggers, created a noise and tumult that it is difficult to describe, The procession marched up and down the lead, and then proceeded to Strickland's Reef, where a number of enthusiasts joined it, The procession next returned, took off the fly from the prospecting claim, piled the slabs about the windlass, and set fire to the heap. The effigy of Red Jack was then suspended from the fly pole, where it now hangs, waving in the wind, as a memento of the greatest act of swindling that was ever perpetrated on the Lachlan. The demonstration was continued till this of in the morning, when the diggers separated. The crisis of the Euroka has, put a damp on commercial business on this gold-field, and an evident want of confidence in the northern portion of the district. Lachlan Miner of Tuesday. Gibert MDNICIPAMTT.-An adjourned meeting of the Council was held in the Council Chamber on Saturday, the 11th instant. Present-The Chairman, and Councillors Blacket, Korff, Pinhey, Simpson, Brown, Thornley, Harwood, and Elphinstone. Moved by Mr. Finney, seconded by Mr. Korff, and carried, "That the council resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the purpose of of considering the applications for the appointments of council clerk and foreman of works." Council resumed, and the chairman brought up a report from the committee recommending the appointment of Mr. George Leslie, and that a month's notice be given to the present foreman of works, on account of the council having amalgamated the two offices. Resolved, "That the report Just brought up be adopted." 