FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 12th, 1862. NORTH • GIPPS LAND AND HER MINES. It lias before now been very unkindly sug gested that it is not our province to ■ interfere in nny way with matters concerning the upper district. With this insane view of things we did not think proper to contend at the moment-, but now venture, with proud humility, to enquire of its author in the first placo whether North Gipps Land and its residents have not for some time past been in possession of an invaluable import, viz , popu lation, to an extent which they had no reason condly, we should like to know whether the;-' have made such adequate use of it us would have been made by any other district pos sessing the most youthful notions of civiliza tion and progress? And, lastly, we apologise for enquiring whether the fugitive literature which has of late emanated from the invaluable Pre« which North Gipps Land lias the grati fication of possessing, has contained an ' enlarged idea of the probable future of its district, promulgated any far-sighted opinions as- to the advantage tu be derived from its enormous increase of population, or published the merest ghost of a sketch of the way in .which its residents should act in order to secura that population as permanent and ineradicable wealth to North Gipps Land ? We should have to wait some time for replies to these questions, and our object being the welfare of our near arid, conscientiously speaking, dear and valuable neighbours, we feel that we have no time to lose. We, therefore, anticipate those replies, and say " No, emphatically No," to each question, except the first. And, not anticipating that our view will be questioned, we refrain from apologising for now entering into questions which, nearly as they concern North Gipps Land, aie of no less importance to our own district, '.'.'he case is simply this :—By mere chance it was¡ discovered that the Jordan gold-field was at least as available to North Gipps Land as it was to Jamieson. A number of unsophisticated individuals succeeded in finding their way there and opened routes for the public at large. Prospectors, having main tracks cut, found their main difficulty obviated, and quickly commenced operations in close proximity thereto. The consequence has been the discovery of auriferous localities where human foot had never trod, and where those who are now reaping a transient benefit therefrom believed that 110 country existed except 'inaccessible mountains covered with impenetrable scrub. Diggers, strangers to the district, come in at eaoli end of it—from the Melbourne side at an average of an hun dred a week, and from the Jnmieson in incal culable numbers. North Gipps Land is •astonished; considers, wavers, and (like the woman who deliberates) is lost. It makes hay while the sun shines, but makes no pro vision for the future. Instead of requiring an outlet for produce as was a j'ear ago its greatest want, it finds itself without either oats,' hay, or potatoes, and flour it obtains a ready sale for. It adapt? the motto that (sufficient for the day is the evil thereof, and neglects to peer into the doubtful clouds which obscure the future. It regards the long vista of. the past as a stj-ies of events unworthy of remembrance. It buries them in a whitened sepulchre of prosperity, and rears a gaudy mausoleum of glittering hopes over their remains. In short, they were formerly not very prosperous, they aro greatly so now, and they believe that tliey will remain so in time t(j' come without any exertion on f.hyir part.' They, therefore, make nono, and suffer oppor tunities for which » yc;ir ago they fervently prayed to pass them by unnoticed. Por instance, they seem altogether to lose sight of the fact that North Gipps Land possesses no seaport of its own, and, judging by Captain Cox's report, is very unlikely to do so during the existence of the present genera tion. And, again, they do not remember that energetic efforts are being made to clear roads from Melbourne to the Gipps Land gold-fields, any amount of money being ready to accom plish such a work, and, if accomplished, that Sale and, indeed, all North Gipps Land will be excluded altogether from the gold-fields', market Not only is it possible that the Melbourne merchants may succeed in their, scheme, but private information of the most reliable kind assures us that it is a matter of immediate and reasonable probability. What, then, would suggest itself to any mind of. ordinary capacity as the simplest way of combating the sort of conventional robbery of which our neighbors seem likely to become. the victims ? Their tracks to the diggings , are, at all events, as good as any which can be found from Melbourne to the same destina tion ; these, therefore, require little compara tive attention. But, as they cannot get their stores except through Port Albert, how greatly it behoves them to secure instant and per-, manent good and speedy communication with that Port. We feel deeply interested in the , matter, we confess, but not one whit more so ¡ than years ago, when we first broached the ¡ subject. Since then we have pretty well exhausted both sides of the question, and to ; this day no reasonable argument in opposition to our views has ever been uttered. It would, therefore, be a work of supererogation to enter into stale arguments now on the subject, We merely mention it incidentally as a thing which seems to us would, under existing cir cumstances, have suggested itself to the most limited capacity in North Gipps Land as most desirable, yet not a soûl in that Garden of Victoria appeal's to have thought of it. But it is with the general view of the mat ter that we have to do, dropping for the moment thoseparish vestry politics with which some persons are so much enamoured. The fact is not realised that the great standing argument of Government against our demands is now up-rooted. The reply to these in variably was that our population was too small, and that the advantages derived would be incommensurate with the expenditure required. Who could now make such an answer as this ? Instead of the reputation of possessing vast tracts ofwild and impenetrable country unavail able for any purpose of whatsoever kind, the very lands heretofore pronounced valueless ara now proved to be the richest parts our bou'nda riptpniitnin Ws have a uonulation alreadv great, and which is certain to increase during the spring and summer months to an extent which the most sanguine would not over calculate What time, then, so propitious as this to reckon our long anvnrs of wants and' force them on the attention of the; Govern ment? And where is the prudent man who does not choose the time when present pros perity affords him leisure to provide for- the contingencies of the future? All sensible communities should imitate this example, and North Gipps Land, while she possesses thou sands of rriner.«, should use their presence as an engine to secure the performance of all works necessary to her permanent internal weal. By acting as if her mines were certain . to be exhausted in a short time she will secure' to herself a permanence of prosperity even when this disaster does occur, as in the natural course of things it some day must. But by permitting the existing apathy to fetter her energies and retard the progress of the district, her residents render themselves unworthy of the luck which has now befallen them, and will assuredly suffer bitterly for their laches m time to come t . 