NEW EPISCOPALIAN" CHURCH, KANGAROO FLAT. The foundation-stone of a New Church to ho greeted at Kangaroo I'iat. was laid on Monday last by the spiritual head of the diocese, his Lord ship "the Bishop of Melbourne. The ceremony was attended by a large number of ladies and gt- ntlcmen of Sandhurst, amongst whom were Mr. L. M'Lach'nn. P.M.. and Mr. llurrowes. tl:e Chairman of the Municipality. The "S i-ncrahle the Archdeacon of Castlcniaine was also present, as well as the clergymen of the district. Yerv soon after the appointed hour, four o'clock, the services commenced in the usual manner, and after the customary forms of prayer had been said bv })i? T.nrtlship, the following scroll, to be placed under the stone, was read bv Mr. Hopkins, one of the members of commit'ee:— In the name of the Father, and of the I?r>nr. and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. This tirst stone of the Church of Saint Marv the Virgin, in the Parish of Sandhurst, in the Diocese of Melbourne, in the Province of Sydney, is laid on the ."Oth day of June, boin Apostle Saint Peter, in the year of the Incarnation of our Lord God, one thousand eight hundred and si.\ty-tv,o, bein; the sixteenth y.-ar of the conse cration of the Risht Reverend Father in God, Charles, by Divine Providence rirst Lord iiishop of Melbourne! and the twenty- sixth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria. Sir Henry Barkly, K.C.B., Captain General and Governor-in Chief of the Colony of Victoria. W. I?. Crouton, Priest, Incumbent of the above-named Parish ; It. St'.phen, K. Mackie, and Rowland Ilavward, Deacons. William Holers, John Hopkins, Klijah Sutton, David Sutton, A. Roberts, M. Smith, mm bey t'f the Building Committee. Josepii Bird Bur gess", Hon. Secretary. This was placcd in r> bottle, accompanied by a copv of tiie Bexdigo Advertiser, one of the Indepfn'hnt. and the siWer coinage now current. His Lordship then proceeded to lay the stone. The usual formalities having been pone through, the Chairman of the Municipality, in a very low toned speech, presented the Iiishop with the silver trowel iie had used, ana which bore the following inscription :— Presented to the Right Reverend Fathir in God, Charles, by Divine permission Bishop of Melbourne, on his laying the foundation-stone of the Church of Saint Marv, Kangaroo Flat, Bendigo. 30th June, 1SS2. In reply. Tli? Lordship said that be would che rish the gift as a memorial of the occasion : many times as he had been called on to perform a simi lar ceremony to the one he had just conclud d, he had only once before been presented with a trowel. He reverted to the altered aspect of Bendigo since —in 1S52—he had visited it in company with the then Governor, Mr Latrobe. He drew a compa rison between the advantages for worship possessed in England and in this colony—there the people had their old parish churches and their ministers to look to from their birth : here, men had had to create their own churches and appoint their own ministers. There were, he said, many so- ca'led townships in the colony, few of them, however, tad yet attained to the dignity of a church of their own. He looked upon the settlement of the mi nistry in the land as a great object to be attained, which would tend greatly to the good of all : and he called upon them to support the committee, who had taken the responsibility of the building on their own shoulders. After a pithy address from the P.ev. Mr. Craw ford, the benediction was spoken by His Lordship, and the meeting dispersed, £0 having first been collected. The church, which is to be built of brick, and faced with stone quoins, will be of Gothic archi tecture, and wilL, when s.iished, show a verj* pretty exterior. It is to be erected under the supervision of Mr. William Smith, the well-known architect. A collation, at which some forty ladies and gen tlemen were present, was given in a large marquee, which had been erected close to the site of the church—the Rev. Mr. Croxton presiding. Here the usual toasts were proposed and responded to. and a further sum of £50 gathered from those present. In the evening a soiree, at which over three hundred persons were present, was held in the building used as a school-room at Kangaroo Gnlly. A tolerable tea was provided bv Mr. Haynes, of Bridge-street, and after this had been 1 discussed the tables were cleared, and somehow or : other the visitors settled into the best position they could assume: the size of the place being ' inadequate to accommodate so manv at oncet . Hdies and gentlemen were huddled into a con- I fused heap of uncomfortable and half-stifled ' humanity. j The incumbent of the district having taken the i chair, he introduced ~ j The Lord Bishop of Melbourne, who from a j chair at the lower end of the -ooin proceeded to ' address those present. He s'..d he had attended I all sorts of meetings in the colony, but he had i certainly nev.er before found himself in so peculiar ; a position as the oae he now occupied. He honed ; that hi? listeners could all se'e him. for he could not ainrm tint he saw them. He compli- 1 merited the inhabitants of Kangaroo Flat on thc fact of their being one of the first of the ouN districts of Sandhurst to erect a stone church. He believed that there wa« a very growing interest j felt by all in the progress of 'the church and ; church ordinance?. He reverted airain to hi; early colonial experience?, and spoke of Mr M'Lachlan as having episode? o{ his first visit to the dig'iinirs. Tr dirference between Bendiso then and now show* the rapid growth of colonial in«?itu',ior.?. V\V~ ir.g thr-nsih the town nn KaMrlav. he hid £n the br'lliant display of shop?: and the mar' ?**! progress everywhere was a rrost rcrna' i feature. He dwelt at length on the good in'^nce j of the church on the masses. and impr^ on i tho«; present the nece«,='ty of ^upportinVii? had heard many "dweller? in tents" 1° ' sub? cribs to repgious institutions ber'?? t,ic'r stay in any district we? uncertain. !1IS, ',vas_a ! bad argument. The memory of a s, Cl0m; 111 the should be in itself sufficient fM"c,:''ncnt to ali focw.t forward with v-hat thr ^'?*V„a For.ht? virt. he di 1 not look to tl r.1CJ l0r 'he maintenance of the church, bn to *',05e whom Providfjice had given n sSer "t:Lr'~|f le?= riches—the poor. In conc!.?°\ «hip dwelt on the advantages of •t'lenn£~ s,'eh as the one he was addre«in:r. as ,io .s!n*e at the rootof thetwo-;r=3: evi^f co!o^ l»fc— covetousness and intemperate ; - „ , The Venerable the Archdr=°.n of Ca^lematne, the Itev. Mr. Crawford, sp^f' ?ome the purport of his address bein. !? °Pr-n a« much as po-ible the packets of hi-'?te"fs- He verv uood comparison be',el1 ^/V;" moje °« w r'lini; the mines bv /bute and the mode of wlkoinz the Church fV^f1 a Yi'^an! ijo'icab'e anecdote, ar.fc' . a jJ,Ile 1,,e ™ 1 to the hero- worship 'na'Ie ,the the attraction to the publJ fe-T m theman ,h^fcCh;^U.t?„n4« been ma'le- ^fr- M'Lach i„ * l-r_! r ,ar^s on 'he pleasure he felt _-.n o..ir.' a-C'm j,;3 f^ordship and the rither in being ■^^.derUMn* It mhht be ministers m thv^ a PresSyter;an. shoul(1 be tnot^h strange hbwas f.vep (() ae?ist in oua-. . ure. Christi'initv, whether in tlie u,e pr.-i:n?t?o!jr .. Sco}ch foral of wor,hi 'rRC f1;,""- ;:' h-.'d found a worth}' pious .n *-j. ,.i,lr]]nlrst a, inini-iier to the !;;5"! , I!1 , England—the F'ev. .Mr. Oretrory— °L* Bishop he ha! often attended the . 'V '" as a place of worship. He saw be ent t';'-* jjjj.jy lle knew (laughter), and he I to put their shoulders to the wheel fore hiin 'i'qf their church. His- Lordship had re the crime of intemperance as one of the ' i:of colonial life : he was glad to fav it' ■'Jrv decreas:- in the district, and he hoped by V* ijsistaiice of his friend, the Chairman of the , jicipa'ity. and the clergy, to he able to put it .'/n altogether. 'After votes of thanks had been good-naturedly iswd to nearly ercrybody, Mr. Croxton 8]ie aliy eulogising the efforts made by the hen. eco., i j Mr. Biirjre.", rrlio, he said, though not jet s member of the Church, he hoped soon to bring' iriihin its fo!d, the meeting terminated in the ua,ial manner. The proceedings of the evening were most agreeably diversified by the vocal efforts of the Church of England Choir, and some other ama teurs under the leadership of Mr. Pollard. A vote of thanks, proposed by his Lordship, and seconded by the Rev. Mr. Crawford, was car ried to the singers by acclamation. 