CONFIRMATION AT THE SACRED HEART. On Sunday morning, the children who have been under instruction for some weeks past were admitted for the first time to Holy Communion, and after wards were Confirmed by his Grace the Archbishop. The children began to assemble shortly after seven o'clock in the large building attached to the Female. Home — thebnys under the care of the members of the confraternity of Christian, Doctrine, and the girls under the Sisters of Charity. The appearance of the children was very imposing. The girls were all dressed in white, with veils— emblems of that white robe which adorned their souls, and which was symbolized in the outer garment; the bojs were also neatly and respectably attired. There were about fifty children from the Asylum for des titute children at Randwick, who had been brought in omnibuses gratuitously sent by Mr. Dixon, of the South Head Road. There were altogether 116 girls and 74 boys confirmed. Shortly after eighi o'clock the procession was formed, the boys from the Asylum taking the lead ; and they proceeded from the Female Home to the Church singing tha1 beautiful and appropriate hymn, ' O Jesus, Jesus.' In the church they all knelt before the Altar of the Blessed Virgin. Before commencing the Mass, Father Sheridan read the Acts of Faith, Hepe, and Charity, and the prayers before Communion. During Mass the choir sang several sacred pieces. The girls were first admitted to the Altar-rails to receive Holy Communion, and then the boys. After Mass, they returned in the same order iii which they had come to the Home,singing the hymnc after Communion. By the kindness of the following ladies— Mrs. E. Butler, Mrs. M'Nab, Mrs. Han, the Misses White, Mrs. Mulroney, and Mrs. Keigan — an ample supply of tea and cake bad been pro vided for their breakfast, to which they all did full justice. The Hall, which is admirably suited for tea-parties, was crowded by the parents and friends of the children, many of whom occupied themselves in waiting and attending to their wants. At eleven o'clock Mass the. children who had had the happiness to make their First Communion at the the early Mass, received the sacrament of Confirma tion from the hands of his Grace the Archbishop The Church was densely crowded by persons anxious to witness the administration of tVie sacra ment. The persons who were to receive the sacra ment occupied the front seats, the girls and women those in the naive, and the boys and men those in the aisle on the gospel side of the altar. At the conclusion of the English prayers, which were said by Father Sheridan, the holy sacrifice was cele brated by Father Walsh, after which the Archbishop left the sanctuary and after a few moments re appeared and took his seat in a chair which had been provided for him on the, steps in front of the altaT, attended by Father Sheridan and the Rev. J. N. Quirk. He then addressed a few words to those who were about to be confirmed, reminding them that by the sacrament of Baptism they were ad mitted to the privilege of becoming members of the Catholic Church by that of Confirmation, they be come srrong and perfect Christians and soldiers of Jesus Christ, and received all the gifts of the Holy Ghost to strengthen them and enable them to per severe in the conflict against the powers of the world and of darkness. Until the day of Pentecost the Apostles concealed themselves for fear of falling into the hands of the Jews, but immediately after the Holy Ghost descended upon them they cast aside all fear, and St. Peter delivered that wonderful sermon which we read of in the Acts of the Apostles, by which so great a number of persons were converted. Previous to the administration of the Sacrament his Grace announced that the girls and women who were to be confirmed would receive the name of Mary, and the boys and men that of Joseph, by which they would be placed under the special protection' of the Ever Blessed Mother of God, and of the great St. Joseph. The candidates for the reception of the sacrament then advanced two at a time, the girls and women first, and then the boys and men to the feet of his Grace, and after re ? ceiving the sacraments retired in the same order. At the conclusion of the ceremony his Grace again briefly addressed those who had received the sacra ment, reminding them of the duties and responsi bilities they had incurred, and warned them against the temptations and dangers to which they would be exposed during their pilgrimage through the world. He particularly cautioned the girls against vanity and the love of dress, which were the prolific source of so many sins and temptations to them, against frequenting theatres and places of. public amusement by which they incurred so much hazard of falling into sin, and against curiosity and idle, ness the prolific sources of so many evils, and dwelt especially on the cultivation of the virtue of humility as .one of the. best preservatives against the dangers and temptations to which our virtue . would be_ exposed through life. He reminded those who. had' had the blessing of receiving the .grace of the sacrament of Confirmation, that 'they had that day placed themselves under the especial protection of the Blessed Virgin and St. Joseph, and exhorted them to persevere .to the end of their lives in the good dispositions they enjoyed at the present time. Trie ceremony concluded by the administration of the pontifical benediction. In spite of the large crowd assembled, the greatest good order and re gularity prevailed, and no confusion whatever was observable in any part of the Church. We cannot conclude without a word of congratulation on the very efficient manner in which the ladies who form the choir of the Church (for with the exception of Mr. Turner, the organist, we could distinguish no male voice), performed the music selected for the occasion. We believe this is' almost the only Church in the metropolis whose choir is. supported by Citholics and members of the congregation, and we should be glad to see the example followed more extensively in all our Churches, for without attempting in the slightest degree to deprecate the talents of ii ose I adies and gentlemen who are pro fessionally engaged in our chorus, it would be *ery much to the credit of our own people if they assis ted and showed a little more interest in the musical part of the services of the Church than they do at present. On next Sunday afternoon, at half-past two, all who received confirmation will assemble at the Sacred Heart to receive pictures in remembrance of the happy event. : . 