LATEST FROM EUROPE. 2-5s--. The Guards and cabmen of Montreal have been quarrelling and fighting. The Government do not intend to proceed further with the Wakefield bribery prosecutions. The Colonelcy of the 30th Regiment has been conferred on Major Wright, and that of the 42nd on General I'wecdale. A young lady of California recently broke her neck while resisting the attempt of a young man to kiss her. The young man broke his heart of course. Judging from the number of envelopes sup " plied to the Government offices, the number of of letters actually written on the public service must considerably exceed 12,000,000 a year ! The Countess of Hardwicke writes to the Cambridge, Independant urging collections in peace towards the memorial to the Prince Consort ; one who was emphatically The People's Friend,' " It is understood that the estate of the late Mr. I Duncan Dunbar has been placed in Chancery for administration. This step was taken by the executors for their own security in dealing with property of such magnitude. On the 13th of January last, the captain of the steamer Edward Hawkins, of Hull, lost his hat overboard. A few days afterwards he captured a shark eleven feet long, on opening which, the lost hat was found in its marshall Advertiser. A laborer clearing the garden of a person at Dalkeith, came upon a growing turnip which had been completely hollowed out and the interior filled by large garden beans, seventy four in number. The work was evidently that of a mouse, whose object, no doubt, was to provide against hunger in winter. The work of hanging the pictures in the English Gallery of the Exhibition is going on very fast under the judicious management and care of Mr. Redgrave and Mr. Creswick. Now that the pictures are being hung the light from the gallery notes found to be perfect. As a rule, very few of the pictures will be hung above twenty feet from the floor situations. Four hundred office seekers favored Secretary Stanton with a call t today, a number hailing from Tennessee. Among them was an old man on crutches, who presented his case thus : " I suppose I'm not young and spry enough for a Lieutenancy in the army, but I should make a good General. I can ride on horseback, and I don't see that Generals hereabout do anything more New York Tribune. A meeting of Volunteer officers was to have taken place in London on the 20th instant, for tho purpose of considering the expediency of requesting the Government to increase the public grants in aid of the Volunteer movement. it now appears that the proposed meeting has been abandoned, the committee having been officially requested to desist from a proceeding which is considered in high, quarters in improper mode of action." The Prince Imperial, who has now completed his sixth year, is a fine, well- grown boy of his ago-what is wanting in liveliness and agility is amply compensated by solidity and steadiness. I Hisicountonance resembles that of the Empress entirely, having no likeness to the Bonapartes. The care which is used in. cropping the hair after the fashion of that which ruled in the Great Napoleon's time gives the shape of a head characteristic of the family, but neither in the expression of the eyes, nor in complexion nor feature, is any other resemblance to be found. The Prince is beginning to evince some token of what his future oharactermaybo. They say he is a fine, manly little fellow, and has entirely mastered the nervous seizure from which he used to suffer in the sound of the cannon. Court Journal. A carpenter at Stuttgart has been committed for trial on a charge of cutting off the long hair of a number of young girls in that city. Fifteen magnificent plains d braids of hair were discovered at his lodgings. . A couple of "ghosts," it appears, have recently taken to wandering about the Abbey grounds at Bury St. Edmunds. 