JQNOßLEJ JDUKES. ¡ . Í. ! THH German, princes--and especially the little ones-are still too much attached to the despotic principles of their grandfathers of the eighteenth .contury. If they yield, now and then, to the pressure of the moment, it is still hard for them to look on tho people otherwise than as part of a property that is their own inheritance. 'I he gcod old princely way, however, having to be main- tained now willi a difference, let us confider tho good old Cl orman sovorcign, bil of the oldon timo, whilo yet his memory is green. . Soo him at home, for example, in tho smallest kingdom in Europe. Wurtemberg was formerly a largo earldom, but was raised at the end-of tho fifteenth century to tho rank of dukedom, .nd was nt lnat created a kingdom by tho grace .of Napoleon Bonaparte. Eberhard Lovyis, who lived between sixtei n 'seventy seven und seven- teen 'thirty-three, succeeded his father when yet in the cradle, and was declared of age at sixteen. Although his dukedom had been devastated by the wara-against Louis the'Fourteenth of Franco, his court, whioh hud been already Frenchified, was anoiiged with the greatest splendour*. Here being a groat dtartli of nobility in "Wur omberg, noblemen from all ports of Germany, but especially from Mecklenburg, flocked iound tho young duko. Chuted dis.Spline had 'then been very strict, but;, tho young duke bavirtg abolished it, and commanded gaity and masquerader, tho officers of the udurt and chancory, metchants, and other respectable citizens, wore oonipeli« d to attend tlieso autmtam meuts itt rcgulatod oi.Htumos. A French thu.itro .waa instituted, ai>d nil 'who belonged to tho court <wore on tao free-liat.. ' Tho duko wua also a great huntsman, tiud nH " ¡VIritter of tho I lint tor the Ilnif)irö," ho orciiictl, in bunour of t-t, dlubitrt, . thogrcat hununiitu's order. All the rooiminliisitunt ins lodges.weto.. adorned with the mitlers of stags ki Hod by him8u|f,,imilovery whore he was followed 'by lils favourite black wolf, Mölni, which slept 0.1 ' a tiger-tkiii nt the foot nfhiu bo.i. I Jo waa ftm.l . al ab pf B'ildicrliig, and kept' tho first ft an ling urniy of/two thoutájtd ,houBO,.'.,,troi»iB, 'horse , mid fnof ?-'1 :. ' . ' , ' ^ , ' . . ' guards, dressed In s yellow livery trimmod all o with silver. r r¡ ~ ThiswoB extravagant enough for,Jtb'VfBa ountry,.but,.mqreover,.tlie'dul5e was supplied his courtiers .with a Mninienon : the sister oft oT themselves/yVh'ó .was invited from Mock! ènb u Wflh.elmiñ'é von .Gtraevni'tz WOB1 made a lady honburr,to the, duchess. His highness marri Mademoiselle ? yon Graovnitz; not in", 1 morganatic manner, but'in the way bf'direct a open; bigamy, and bought for her' ih' Vienna, I twenty thousand ' florins, a 'countess's diplon The cjergy"reprimanded, and . refused the saci mônÇ,7 Charles';Xl f.' and several other;' pf i nc remonstrated,'but. tho duke said, iC Tam po in my country j and, aa a Lutheran prince^ T am, cases of conscience, not answerable to any o on' .eartli." At last,, . a very ' resol» prelate, John Ogiandes, succeeded in persuadii tho duke ,to deolare the second marriage void, an after rumours'bf án attempt topoison the duche by diamond powder, the duko took' tho'countess Geneva, Wurtemberg having! agreed to pay h fifty'thousand gon^s. Then he. went with , h to Bern, .where tbey.livbd for two ' years tbgethc and then, to ¡help, ' her 'return to Stuttgart!,, tl countess wBB married to an old count, Würbe who received,for/going through the marriage,so vice with, the'ïàay,'twenty thousand j fibrins and pension ( of oiglit thousand florins a year, besidi being rbade'cliief bf tho' court,1 président' of ' tl privy council and tho council of war; but wit all his dígnitiés and duties at ithe court of Wu tembcrg he was to reside in Vienna. Nowj tl: countess had two¡ husbands, and the duke tw wives. " But tho countess, keeping her name' c Graevnitz, returned. to Stuttgard, where sh governed duko and) pountry for twenty yean and was called by. tho people, Country's Buir As tho duchess, .would not leave.tho palaco i Stuttgard, the, countess induced the duke to bull for her* about fpur miles away, tho new residene of Eudwigaburg, in the middle of a kind of desorl It was built by tho "architect, Frigoni, after th pattern of Versailles ;. and Napoleon, when visit mg there,.found.his rooms so magnificent, tho ho said lo King Frederick of Wurtemberg tbat Ii would, not.be able in Paris to lodge him so well Eudiyi¿ijBburg obst ari' immense sum, for al theimaterials had to lió' fetched from afar, am oven ovory cart-load of Band cost a dollar. Th duko had herb his oxcel'ont band of music, hi fino pheasant-garden, and his magnificent stab'es The orange-trees of Eudwigaburg wore almost tin equalled iri Europe. When the first stone of thi palace was laid,' the duko amused himpclf witl having loaves thrown out amongst the people, bu so roughly that'some ' persons' were dangerously hurt and wounded. ' . * Tho countess persuaded the duke to institute "i secret cabinet which should superintend thc finance; andullo law. Of this she was herself preai dent, aMoMaintcnon, whose example she st'royi to'follow. ' The other 'members of the counci were her brother and his son, with two of bei creatures, all bound to each other, by n socre undertaking not to propose anything in the presence of tlife duke/ which they bad not,before agreed On; Evferythitlg wont through the ! handi 6t tho countess. Whoever was found opposing ber,'''ivas baiiished, and his property was confis catod;'1 All; therefore, cringed before her except Ogiandes, who answered her request to bo included in the public prayers of the church, by saying, '* Madam,; without remembrance of you, tbore is heyer a'Lord's prayer said. Wc pray every day; Deliver us from evil." In Wurtomberg it .> was overt severely prohibited tp reason about the relative pbY tibbs bf the duko arid tho " countess, bbesenl money to Vieüha to silence tho statocouneillorsaud bribed King 'Fredotic V. illiam" ofr l'russin, with some tall rocruitB. She'kept spies everywhere iii Wurtom,bérg,!had^ nt tho post-oflioesj and, ,'iier',, police were thoroughly despotic.' If the states of'.the,country refused money, sho thrpat e'nbd to take)'it 'from tho 'member. ' Sho sold everything-^monopblies and ..'justice? robbed, cheated, and laughed at the people openly. Bhe confiscated Krighsh goods that ploased her ; and even "" tho' duke appeared with' her iii public, wearing clothes .modo of a .stolen piree of gold brocade. Tho. countess's strong-box was always we .1 .filled ; that of the duke, always empty. She very readily îont uionoy to him, and was repaid in estates. The court absorbed enormous sums, and debts increased at a fearful rate, until even tho revenue of the country had to be anticipated. ThcjCouutess .was insolent to the duchess,' and oven maltreated the sickly hereditary prince. Even tho duko often complained that she roally was loo. hard with him ; but for twonty years ho was 'her, -slave.,/ She received company every evening, and .exiiotud tho strictest etiquette of dress, although BIIO herself, nppcarcd often in neglige, under pretext of not being well. She was.not even faithful to the duico' . ? , Atlast help came from I'russia. Tho hereditary (prince married a Prussian princesa.. King F. cderiu William I. came on a visit to Stuttgard und found means to persuade.tho duke to dismiss his tyrant. .Ho did so by lettors, when he was himself absent in Berlin. "Sho was to be left in possession of all her plunder, and to receive ten thousand florins n year, if she would behave properly. She did not give up her game, but, wishing to test u re- cipe in sorcery, offered the Duke's valot a largo sum of monoy for n low drops of. his master's blood. Tho frightened servant denounced ber, and tho duko ordered her to bo urrostod. A colonel at tho baud of a troop ol hussars sur- prised her at ono of her estates, and brought hor to the fortress of Urach. Mero she was compelled to stirronder nil her estiitos dut une for tho sum of two hundred thousand florins, und it waa u partic- ular stipulation in this treaty ibut sho was to givo tip tbewtddihg- iing and lock of hair she hud had (rom the Duke. Tho cou. twas closod ug'tinst her. A'ftor the dea'h of the dulce, fearing ibo tinner of his-succofsor, sho went to Berlin. During the reign of this prince, which lasted more than haifa century, tho poople were drivou to despair. They were plundered nnd oppressed mostshtimofully ; their despot even meddled with their cultivation of tho soil. In tho year lifter ii lumitie, rib compelled tho fut mci's and poasuuta to urow tobuoco nu a c'erinin purtion of their lund.' Thousands went to America. . ' Tho son ol tho Duke I'ihorhard Lewis having died bb toro his father without issue, II distant relativo becunio,Duko of Wurtemberg under *ho nutno uf Charles Alexander. Ho wat Governor ol Belgrado in tbe Ausirinu service, und a Caihi I'u. Mo had been II SI ldier BIUCO his four- teenth venr, and was a fierce and angry roan. Mis g.ivcriiiiicut distinguished itself by tho mis ulnuvuiiun(.HH ol lils fautotutii, a Jeu*, whom hu peiini'trtl io relievo tho propio ot tho 'little t1 ut. Wi s toit thom hy his pi cclncossor. This man, Jtitoph levi yuess-Oppcnhelmcs, was ono of thu tn iüt remarkable- uj.siuttH ol tho eighteenth cou itiry. ile WHS born hi Mititllolborjr, and educated among tito Jews ol' Friinkliirt. Thence ho went to Amstordttin nutl Vieniui, mtiklug money itt boili pl II libs,' uiid then hu'.b' uniii< age tit '.»» ibo, oouuniM-tii.iiii «lu»itig Oui TuiMnh war« uniler , I'l-iiioo I iiwcric, mid malin ilmiti'i-uahi'titnc til 'l o Duky oj ,\yuricutbt i JJ. The duke soon uiivde.hlui . ..,.''7,. ., . .. 1, . ' I agent for bia court and privy-councillor of ' finances. Ho was nn invaluable man, who, 'abased andltjckod out;of the room presented:l)i leif again, ëmWng, in' à quarter óf ari h'o He" was," indeed rivery ' able-man - of buaine arid a'vbry aouto' fellowJ He looked likçj courtier who was riot a Je w, Jived in. .splenç sty lei gave exquisite dinners, and twasv.a , ral Acting hs agent to the Countess Gravenitz, wi was " abroad, ? ho procured 'her- for' h remaining landed property fin Wurtomhei óní hundred ? 1 arid ' '- fifty . .thousai thalers:' in which affair he, oficourse, cheati her handsomely. ' He t sot up three ve profitable business offices. In one of thei all the government places were sold to tl highest bidder. In the second, justice w sold. By means of tho third, which w a banking and loan-office, ho >rjQ.aiingod get hold of all the .charitable and pioi foundations. Besides, ho' lent money c usurious terms, and kept an extensive sh o from which the courtiers, bad td take the 'dresses'" and' decorations. He also institute a lottery, ' which proved a great curse the : '? country.' To fill ' the over-empi purse of the dnko, ho monopolised the coffe houses, the' trodes ' in tobacco, grocery,:, an wino, nay1,'even tho chimnoy-swéèping businos Those1 trades he let to tho best bidders, mostl to people who liVed out of Wurtemberg.j ! tl imposed^ a'tax on property,' on foreignei living in' Wurtemberg, for the protection ! the enjoyed.. " ' ' ',?:.'' '-- j '" ' The dilke cared only for his amusement. A government officials were ordered.to attend th masquerades with their wives and grown-u daughters; on pain of tho loss of a quarter's salar The core of his soul, Duke Charles Alexahde left to the Jesuits, who proposed to make th country Catholic, and the Jew Suess had part i their conspiracy. This duke, who had increased th army to ten thousand'men and two thousnn horse,, died suddenly, when ho was prepared t suppress the last forms of public libertj Amongst the people, half a century .afterwords ghost stories, little to his credit, frighten o soldiers on guard near the ducal tomb. <? Tho Jew fled to the widowed duchess in Stnt gard, but was arrested; and brought to his" ow; house, whore rich booty was found. It is sai there were not less than three millions inigolc jewels, and other articles of virtu. Boing corr polled to undress, he pulled off three shirts ; i the shirt next his skin,'wore found diamond worth ninety thousand florins ; in his waistcoal íhañy bills of exchange. In due time he wa hanged.' ' ' '.' 1 Thé'widow of Duke Charles Alexander, wi Moria 'Augusta,' 'a'born princess of -Thurmam Toxis. Frederick tho Groat ol Prussia southe tho order of the Black J'agio ns soon: «H h ascended the throne ; but his sister, tho Mai 'gravine' of Buirouthj who hos written highly io foresting memoirs, does not seem to bc delightei with her, and was probably a little jealous. Bb wrote when the gay duchess was on o visit a her court in Baireuth: " In a fortnight th whole court was altered. They began to,romp lo.throw tho napkins at each other's- heads ; ,ti run like esonpodliorses ; and ut lost they kisset each other, singing equivocal songs." .The, duchess, lived fora time'in Berlin, ont Baron'Bielefteid gives on interesting account o her.' When ho paid her his visit, be 'found he lying on her bed in a most splendid niyht dres surrounded by her. three sons, some ministers III» courtiers, several chaplains and doctors, abd he Jody of honour. , Nopr.hcr head,,w.\s standing i little golden yessol with holy water,'and thordon wns'decorátéd'wltlí precious relics' and a chaplo of tho'finest pouria.' 'Her dress -and :bod« .wen triramed'with moat beautiful loee, and shel wore i coquettish''night-cap of point'd'Alenco'n,'with i greon and gold'ribbon.'1 The boron rernninot alone wiih'her for a whole hour, alter 'which- sh« invited him to dinrirr; begging his pardon in ad vaneo, 'for ." dining In ''her . night-dress The- baron then had a general iuviio lion tb . dinner. Often' ; the'- toblo - was plnced at hor bedside. "Thc good eating ont drinking," sold tho boron, '* is thohody of tnt'se really charming evenings, gaiety their soul. Th« duchess has two bollsoloso to her: iheonogivei the order to bring in' champagne, the otho Hungarian' wine? As soon as the first service if br u'ght tri, the pages and footmen leave, and a« reoulled <inly : to, chango the plates. ' Sc >rcoly loft alone, all restraint is at on end. ' Nobody thir,kf of being in' tho residence of a monarch arid at.ihi table of a princess. ' Ono is in u reivibliry whoa liberty is in tho choir, ourl'whére one's b;ll is lc bo paid with iheny jests. Wo lau.'!),' j'-ke, sing, 'dud, has'tlio conversation been'seasoned iwith.tui caustic ' uttic salt, we put ort it "a glass . ;o; champagne, ?which' sets ''all . "' right' , again Wo 'have bound' ' óuraclvés to thc never to - 'remember. hoyt nd < .tho, lay threshold of tho duchess what 'lie merry tnotnoni had produced." This gay p'rincosp, to bring the duo-d 'crown tc her second favourito son/declared her fir6t-bonj illegitimate ; but the first-born, 'DukoiCharles, touk this in part, arid kept' hr-r- ii prisoner in Goeppingen. There she died when forty-nine years old. ' ? ' Duke Chnrlos, hor oldest son; lind no mind foi anything but self-indulgbnce. During his mi- nority, the Government had been directed t>y one of ilib most respectable mon, who was celebrated us a slatosrunn nud philosopher. His nuroo woe Dillinger. ' As long ns ho lived^ tho youug dulce was restrained ; but when ho rued, iu tho middle of tho eighteenth century, tho prince began to livQ " ot a gallop." ? The well-known memoir writer, Oiijariovo,'who knew all tho courts, said, that tho court of fe túttgurd " was the most brillicnt in Europe." Thus it remo ned for forty-three moro years. Theatre, opera, ind ballet'Were'the duke's obiof hobbies. Tho Parisian god of dance, Veatiis, wus engagad for six mouths every year, and rc coived twolvo thousand florins. There were throughout thc whole your, festivities ' iu great variety, thc direction :of which was confidod to an Italian, Veronoso. Fireworks, sometimes of in- credible cóstlino&s;, were frequently exhibited. Ol'courso, nil theso things required money, oud the first minister of thc duke, Barou Hardinbourg did his uttni'Bt both to próvido it, dud at tho , samo time to check ex- penditure. 'J he baron somotini, H tried tu save money in petty things, and Pnoo vi fused to honour tho duke's ohoquo for a dozen of Bilk . do niinoos.' The enraged prince made'up bis mind to got rid of tho huron, abd at a b ill, where ho hud tried to savo a fow hundreds of wax OOIHIICB thc dukospuko to him publicly nod intoutiouully, in suoh on offoaslvo manner 'that tho old boron was compelled to taku his dismissal. Thc privy councillor, Baron Boodcs, tho same who arrested the Jow iSuoss, had bcon dismissed loog sluco. Tho duke thus became frito to iudulgo a 1 his in- clinations./ ' . ' .. ' .,. Onoutliö duko oorricd oil1 from a 'ball, tho thuightur of his privy" councillor; Barou von Vi,lg stuetlt; *. ho father killed himself.- ''..,?? 'f hist Duke Charles, >vho iucreusod hi» army to suvun'toeii thousand mun, hiwuot' uxiicuaivu luii-, I ' . - '. , ., ,).,. .. ; , I . ' ' " 1 l>. V'' llfl.'l l l 7M-, '» ,. h. i '. Iforms, ordered that every one should take off bat to a sen ry, as if he were the duke hirosi ?Ar councillor of . tho .chamber, for omitting tl homage) received, by^orderjof ;iho lieutenant the guard, tiventyrfive. str.o.koi. .with a stiele. Wi ion all those burdens, wore borne, tho pcoj of Wurtemberg, wlio had tó boar thom, nw herod only six hundred ! thousand ! ' Th.;y jiad j work and to starve, -payiug their wages to ainu their duke; but, not satisfied with ihe produce) their labour, he sold oven their very bodies.' I one year ho sohVto Franco six thousand of lj subjects'os soldiers for tho sum of about' ot hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds starlin. When tho duko commanded the receiver bf tl taxés to deliver up to him "their funds in bari and they had the courage to refuse, be used fore One day the House of tho fc'tat03 waa surroundc by soldiers, -and the moncy_takcn_ away. Jol ! Jacob Moser, one of tho most celebrated write ' upon pnblio low, who was then " conaulent," , ( councillor of tho States,. in very respectful tern protested agaiust tho act. Tho duke or lerod liii to'Lud wigs burg, and, maltreated liiaiwith hts ow hands in .'thé hall of ordinance, and sont him; I the fortress' of Hobentwiel, wbero he remained! prisoner for five years. . ' ' ! j Tho duke treated his subjects as slaves. If li chose to have a,winter's sletlgo party in Stuttgan and there was no snow in the'streets, the peasant had to bring it'in from the 'country;;1 They migb well emigrate to America, as iiumtíora of trier did. " ' -?.?"?' ?? v, [ - , y ?. -', ; , ' Another victim.of tho tyranny of this duke wo Colonel Rteger. He was a mari bf ' Hérculoa: frame and strength, and of inflexible mind. ; H became a great favourite of tho dtike'sf and wo envied by many. One of his enemies was i Frohchmori, Count Montmaftin, ' who becám prime ' minister. This man so raanagod tho ¡letters were sent to the duko's brothers, which' ¡rn plied that Koigbr intended to deliver up Wur têtnborg to tho Prussians; The duke gave , thi general a thrashing at parade, and sont him, with out even an examination, to tho castle of ti oben asporg, where he was kept in a subterranean dun geon for fivo ycara. Here, a. scoffer and free thinker, he became a dovotee. When Montmarth was diimiesed, the States succeeded in persuading thc duke to set.Ridgier free. 'His highness invitât him to supper, and (said-: " Rémáin"rhy" "friend os youhave alwaysber.nl" He afterwards mad« him general and governor . of Hohouosporg, tin place in which he had heon confined. j This Couat M:>ntmortin was one of the greates rasools in the world, ile won the- duke' bj his baso flattory, and bis c xpedionts for procuring money; Tho count required it to be said no mort bf a prince that he was born, but that ho In creasedthe; number of the High ou this or îhai doy." / :The count "helped the duke to abolish the States," and. in, faot governed without" them When Moser was v sent; - ;tto .;. -Hohontw.iel the- minister, for some' years declared, -tr. the States : " The duke thought himself much' toe august to permit such pooplo to dictate laws tc him;" ' " " - "According to a statement made by Frederic tho ' econd_.of_,J?russiu, tho personal revenue ol the,duke, amounted to, not quite sixty thousand pounds ; that of tho bburitry to two h'undrod- out] fifty tliousar.tl pounds, of which tho duke hod tc receive a port. But those :sums .-were far from sufficient for, bis wants.,. lt.. has -,beon calculated that,, ; besides.. tho constitutional taxés,' and. ' thc burden bf1 tho sorragé ' uíul the quirtoring' of th« soldiers,'' arid thVprbfit which was 'made hy the bale of places,' the six hundred thousand: inlt obi tauts'had to pay in seven years, the sum of more than, five hundred thousand pounds,, and. tho addi- tion from ' the revenue, of tho country to ' .thc private and .personal income of ' tho'.iluko ? vo¿e tb jone hundred and thirty-five thousand pVmbtls'u year! ' ... '''' ...;';"r, ' . '^''*? j .y*-;. To iricrensf! the revenue, Montmartîn instituted u W.urtemhurgian Ducal most' Graciously Pri- vileged, Gre t Lottery," and 'compelled, private person», communities and even pious ina itntioiiB, to buy tickets. ' He divided tho people into [twelve classes,.nccording to their income, and taxed them accordingly, ;, even, tho beggitr had to poy at least fivoporcc. When a deputation from tho town of Tnebingen remonstrated with the duke,. and en- treated him, to consider tho miserable átale of tho fatherland, he cried in imitation'of 'Louis 'tho Fourteenth^ " What fatherland ? 1 om the i<\,ihor lanel !". and' ordered troops-against the rebellious town. Thy tax was enforced, "ondscverol ol the most réspeoted . iubabitants sont ', 'tb t.'blion.isporg as jprlsbnors, ' tvhoro they _ remained 'foi- half a year.... " '. . ,'". " ^ Y" '. r. \ ' ? . ....Vet Wurtemberg jhdel a constitution which shor, d.with tho, English tho repute' of being tho fi obst in Europo /, in thi se freo'days the army was recruited in a forciblo mininer- "¡Even only s.ins of widows wero taken away from them, quel once the duke ordered all .tho farm labourers to' bc enrolled, saying very couiitleotly, *' That they cuttainly' would like bet- ter to Borve their sbvi reign than privutu per- sons." To prevent desertion, watchmen lind to patrol nil night ' around tho villogos, and, if an alarm wero givon, all the neighbouring communi- ties were bouud to place pickets on oil the roads, byways, footpaths, aud bridges, and to keep them guarded for at least twenty-four hours. On ac- count, of such, un alarm, three hundred persons, wlio wore not soldiers,'might be kept from their business, a, vvbole.day. A little placo containing only fifty families, furnished for this kind ofser vico ono thousand four hundred and eighty-eight mon in tliq.courso of one year. 'J ho place in which a deserter'might perhaps have' bet,u nrreut od but was not, had lo provide a man of* tho same statni'o; amt it was ordered, expressly thut thc sonsrof tho chief iulinhitantB shuuld be seloctcd in préférence. , Whoever assisted a deserter, or even omitted to denounce him, lost ' for himself and family all civil rights, and was Bent to a houso of correction. j Ju this army of the duke, there sorvod two I hundred noblemen, ' and, amongst thom twenty princes mid counts bf tho empire. 'Ibo duke kopt for his personal use eight hundred horses,1 ant), when guiu£ to ouo of his country residences, took with him about a dozoii cavaliers, -and bet woo» six mid seven hundred poisons-; oil only to contribute tb his amusement. . Thc duke bogan tb build tho now, pulaco in > tuttgard, which, however, was finished in this century, arid bullt thc palace bf Solitude, situated on (hu rough hills between Ptuttgard and l. eon borg. Lakos wero dug ibero to hunt tho stags into, und the.pensants hud to lino tt otu with cloy and fill them with water../At night ibo surrounding woods wera, illuminated, and, from . artificial grottoes, satyrs and nymphs rushed ou,, to dance midnight./ballots. Another, country seat iu tho ,|ilnck Forest, Gruferieok, was built also thon. "..,,' ' ' .".'."'; 'JL'he duko intended,,that tho church should poy his opera' singers and musicians, because they .per- formed somotitiita ittservlco; but tho direct jr of tho fliionccs oppoaod this.. Hu lost his pluto, und a; rascal uutiayl Wlltlbtlcr, who had boon formerly H.r.russitiu .si |g»oti|i bro ino tho rijilit-huud uian, ,Ho and ilicjdukeiiil 1 thc ¿b-drniiiúntiil phico.i ..ml sluircil . iliu'/prplltjj' O. çç tho, doled' wiote to his ngont, concerning n man who wanted to bi cert-iin place : " Altboutjh he has not much ta lie is un honest man, ami four thous florins are a nice sum of money ;" once'tho agont wrote to another applicant fi place : *' Give tho duke five-l^undred florins, one thousand to 'myself."' ' No wonder that morning "Wittleder ' found a donkey tiod at house door, wítbá'bill hearing the inscription, want a place." ' ; .'' 1/- -'' i At laBt Frederick, tho Groat wps in a position assisi the poor Wurtembergians, and tho th powers which 'liad warranted ' tho constitute Prussia, Denmark,: and Hanover, interfered cn goiically. Au imperial commission was sent fr« Vienna, and tho, duko ordered to make up I quarrels with his'States', in two months' tia J. ho commission is said to have found about c million of pounds of döbtsi. Tlie duko did all c.iuld to prevent interference. He went toVenii where the Nobili wrote his mme iu thc gold book, arid at: last shut himself up in solituc where nobody had admittance ox cop t such pi sons as could "show a'paBs^'written by h¡3 oj hand.i At last, aftersix^years' resistance, boga in, and the old constitution,, with tho old rights the States, wore recognised,' ngaiu under t gtiorantco of thc above-mentioned powers. T duke found'consolation in a new favourite; t wife of a stupid and" ugly Boron Lentruin, who divorco from ber be procured., Tho,lady w made,'Countess Hohenheim,.; and was raised' the, rank of consort of. the duke, to whom el became honestly attached. Sho was' noble ni simple in her manners, had - a kind heart, min knowledge, and a good understanding. "SI loved and protected tho hearts, and would ha' liked to maka Stuttgard a modern Athens," su; Baroness Oborkircb, in her memoirs. Tho dui attended to all her wishes, whioh woro, howovc not extravagant." For example, tho Wurtembo gian ambassador in Vienna was Baron Buklcr, u insignificant sou of tho minister who aucoccdc Montmnrtin. Tho wife of the Archduke Franci afterwards emperor, was a Wurtenibergia princess ; and tho ambassador was little moro thu a transmitter of letters; but he looked as niue like a profound statesman as he could, whenever courier arrived from his duko. A celebrate memoir writer, tíhovalior Lang,, was .then hi secretary, and ono day, ' when a special messengc had arrived; and' the dospatoh had been read wit portent io us solemnity, Lang was by; chance lol alono in the room .of tho ambassador. He opone tho drawer in which Biiklor generally kept th letters from tho cabinet of ' the dükfc, and read tb following: o. ?". ! ? ?'-, '; My dear Baron von Buklqr,'-By ,tho prëser special messenger, niy privy secretary, Pistoriti! I send you a shoo of my.princely consort, tho Lad Duchess'Highness, with tho' 'ordorjto" hnVo mod after this pattern, by the most celebrated ninstc in Vien'tin, a dozon pair, but with ' suth speed, tin tberètnrriipg; .mèssonger.'may.be able-to' delivc them in time for the next' groat"' assembly ,'whio will take .placel;.' ¡This' letter^, ho.woyer; having n other piirposo; we are, &c.;" ,1, This dilke,' on bi« fiftieth birthday, sm prised " his ;..subjects],',,jipd^'all, Gerinany, by a act 'as J remarkable asit? was unexpected. ' htm all-toe pulpits.therci was, read a' manifesto, undo his band; by. wbfeh fioregMttedbis formor, orrort and . promised to'? bo'1 a good prince'. tfio'iVcefortl The duke i was not jesting.''";,One ^yéá^': afterward, he obolishëd'a lottery Which hud done 'm'uoli iiiit chiof "to ¿lie country^ ' State's" - were ".so ''touched'.,^ him present of five hundred Carolines.-'' Hoyievorj i'; tl» obsei yation of tlie 'most'gori'uine 'duties of ! a tru father of the', cóuritry"-^-words - of his manifestó - , permitted tho .duke' afterwards to réstoVe 'thé' lói toryj and tb'.sóir'tó' thé ;D^ch,'oäe'';thousou nien, of whpm ' but ;fow ever' returned to ".thoi country. .??»< .'..?.wi-' « l"."' ¡! ..'¡¡'-.','.' ' .'After his conversion'tba fcluko,-tried./to" goven ns1 a philosopher. ' He instituted . schools j aai manufactories '5 protected trade, 'science,' nnd .art was interested in country life, and was frequent!; even seen at,tho milking of tho cöw*': '. His uyni; was reduced'to. five thousand mon. ' He spoke ii a confidential manner with burghersfand peasants clapped : them"' on thc shoulder,' and was rathe popular. Ho granted to tho committee of tin States many, uuoxpectctl' prerogative?, und thi cotnmitteo showed themselves yrateful-by betray ing thc interests of thu country. By 'tlioir moaiii tho duke got' monoy,tp build a now pallico ii honour of, his beloved counteas, named Hohen heim ; .an establishment ih1 thc ' tnaniicr ol Schwetzingen,' with , Hómish- - baths,, ruuiimtit castles, temples, mosques, um] little idyllic l-'in,; lish hamlets. : His winter-gardens were cele- brated ; they were tho fust in Guritinny, »ntl were made in imita ion of those of Princi Potemkin,, in tho Tuurior ? pallico 'in PoteiS' burg. ! Whoo tho Emperor Joseph ir., traveli ng in- cognito as a Omit von Fulkcnstein, amiutiucod lit« visit to the Duke ol' Stuttgard, the tinko wroto and offered him his palnco, but tho Km pcror answered that lio proferrctl to live iu ?? nu hotel ; therefore tho du Itu ordered all innkeepers to removo thoir sign- boards, nod ovor tho entrance of thc! palace wa» p'accd an itnmenso board, on which thc imperial arms wcro painted, and under which was written '' Hotel of the llonian limpcror." Tho cinporoi eu loree! into tho jest,. and thc duko reooivtd him in the dross and character of un innkeeper. Sont tiny tho disguise was droppod, and tho festivities commenced. , lu thin Inst period of his long enrew one of the.duke's hobbies was to make a colludion uf bi bios ; another was his school, tho Carlssehuh», which gained an 1 uropean narnu through chiller «nd Cuvier, who wore' educated there. Thu duke's collection, of. bi bios is uut equalled in thu whole world ; it numbers eight thousand different copies, which aro yet to bo fuutid itt tho lili nry of Stuttgard. In the1 school tho di (Tero ut CIII-KOH of society ' were' 'carefully ' distinguished. Only noblutnen and sous of ofllccrs had tho ri¡.lu lo ptiwdor their huir ; but Schiller hud tho right also, becnuso he had red bair, which thu duke could not abido, although hu hud red hair, himself. The disciplino, io tho school was very strict ; all was domv by word of command ; and even when gruco was Bald a l hands weio folded with a singlo clap. ' '",. Duke Chorlos livod into tho wild times of , thc Fro. oh revolution, and his noliom ttbout thu divine light of prinocs tcccivoil mtitiy uurruutiuiiu.' Even iu tho bosom bf IUB bolovttl Çurlnsuliule, tho spirit of : the, lovolutiuii' worked. Unco, nt 11 tiitisqtiorodo, threo,mitsk»1 iip'içurcd ; nil". Thur, curried 1111 urn to tho widillo ol' tho ball-room ; two others drow from it littlo I.¡UH, willah they diatrlbntutl profusely. Ibu, instead of tlie usual complitiioiitary verses, those hills contained, tho moot striking passages from tho Marseillaise Paine's IH^lits of Mau, Spoeçlie» of Robespierre, nud tliu liko. Iti'tho couliiblbn'tliat tUbtiad,: tho masks escaped, but thora was n'suH|iiuioti against cot tain pupils of tho Carli-ftchnto, mid I tho tinko delivered a vety sovoro t-pocoli there thc uoxt day, iiiuteiid of,behig.penitent, howovor, tho pupils' hissed and hobtod, und itt Inst fairly (Iriiiuuu'd Ins uiacious highness out of I he ruoiu. '?'. .. ,. ....,.i ¿ci ., >,.,'.'.... i 