NATIVE SUPERSTITION AT WANGANOI (From the Wanbahui Ohtoniele.) » Vv iiea the expedition recently went up the Wan- ganui,- on / a/ geological survey, they reported that the. natives were much engaged in killing lizards, in order to obtain which, they were cut ting down useful and ornamental trees, such as the beautiful iifid fruitful Sarulta. This curious proceeding took ito riBe at the head of the Wan- ganui, and has been gradually travelling down the river, until it - has reached this neighbour hood. Doubtless, many of the settlers have during-this last few weeks, seen large bands of 'natives, of from 100 to 200 in number, walking in single file, along some route, which no reason able motive could be thought of for their taking. Perhaps a . short' statement of these mysterious movements may lie interesting, and also a state ment of a ceremony that took place some days ago at Kaitoki Lake, about two rnileB from the town. It appears tben that the natives of this river are afflicted in various ways. There has been great sickness among them for years past : fishing has not, proBpeicd this season; and various other matters has b'en ad"-. — , ascribe this to the anger of. the-- cient cieitiss. These1 gods' they have "not wholly cast on, _ is still a lingering feeling ol .veneration tor tnem . at the same time they are not tVorBhipped as goas. Therefore, they are angry, and have brought trouble on their backsliding votaries. The nativ think that it is high time that this power was -brought to an end, nnd that it ma? b® acc0®I plinl.eri, by fmally. abjuring. 6 and iimimdediy the true God. These gods must bo destroyed as well as cast off, and the natives are going about the country collecting them for this purpose. They are found in the shape of lizards, spiders, &c.; In 'this neighbourhood they began to collect . these objects about a month ogo, and on Saturday, the 1st inst.', there was a large gather ing of .natives at Kaitoki to witness their de struction. About the middle of the day a large number, of. lizards were brought in in bottlea which were hung on a fence surrounding a snioll piece of grotiud about Bix feet square. A priest took them out of the bottle and examined them carefully. Some he threw away as being lizards and nothing more. About twenty of them ha returned to the bottles,' with the exclamation, " This is for us!" intimatffig that each of these was uu 'atiia.' A fire wa'a then kindled in front of the fenced square, and a large iron pot- hung over it. A number oi articles of apparel, and other things, such as wooden 'meres,' &c.;, were, at the desire of the priest, brought forward and burned.1 1 These articles were supposed to" have been 'tapu'd' along with, some ground in' the neighbourhood, from which, by this ' ceremony, the 'tapu' was how removed. The ' lizards re tained in the bottles were emptied into the pot and burned to ashes';! the remains were then emp tied into the fire, into which potatoes were put to lie roasted. AVhcn the process of cooking was accomplished, the priest invited all who were sick, or who had/sick relatives, to come forward and rcceivo n potatoe, which would be an infal lible core. No disciple of Holloway could have outdone the bystanders in credulity, and a general rush was made for the potatoes, which will no doubt do some good through, the force of imagination. The, gods that had been caught being thus destroyed, the 'tapu' removed from the laud, and the disease caused by the 'atuas' cured, the proeeetliogs of the day was brought to a close by the reading of tho Church of Eng land evening service -with due emphesis. and solemnity. During the ceremony there was a good deal of laughing and joking, most of those present seeming to look upon it as a pi:ce of fun, notwithstanding the solemn ' declarations of the priest, that what appeared to them only harm less lizards were known by him to be powerful spirits, - who might wreak their vengeance on tlicm if despised. The same ceremonies have been going on iu other partB of the district, and were only brought to a close iu the middle of last week, when it was supposed that a full end had been made of those evil spirits, which' had caused so much trouble. " No one who remembers the faith which even yet lingers among the lower classes in the home country in fortune-tellers, in ghosts fond this superstition is shared in by the riidre educated classes— witness the ' Night Side of Nature,' &c.;) and fairies, can wonder that in the short period during which these people have made a profes sion of Christianity, these superstitious feeliugs and practices have not entirely died out. The wonder may rather .be at the enlightenment which causes most of them to look upon' these ceremonies as calculated to amuse and excite laughter, rather than as to be regarded with veneration and awe. Death and Funeral of, a Gipsy Girl.— About six weeks since, a party of gipsies, - bearing with- them a very beautiful girl named Sepronia Lee, evidently in the. last /stage, of consumption encamped on the grounds adjacent to the Grey hound public-house, at irirton, about eight miles from Ip3wich.. No sooner had-, they taken -lip their quarters than' the intelligence of the illness of one who appeared to be a great favourite with the tribe was sent to all parts, nnd in a few days Kirton was the centre of an encampment, num bering some fifty ot" sixty men, women, and cbildren, some arriving. from Norwich and other distant places. Medical aid was immediately cailed iu, aud Mr Taylor, surgeon, of Buckle- sham, was daily in attendance upon the poor girl. Dr Bartlctt was also consulted, but from the first all hope was gone. During the illness of the girl at Kirton, which extended over six weeks, she was frequently visited by tha Rev. Mr Bartlett, his lady, and several other ladieB re siding in that neighbourhood, who spent some . hours with her daily, reading portions; of' the Scripture. Indeed, so great was her desire for tlio consolation of religion aud her. affection for those of her six who so kindly visited her, tHat she never appeared satisfied but when they were present. On the afternoon of Sunday, March 2nd; the poor g'irl breathed her- last, - having retained her consciousness to the last moment, ' and with her last breath expressed her hope in a glorious immortality: The greater' portion" of the tribe were at Kirton church at the time f her death took place, "and when it became' known the moaning aud lamentations of her people are described us dreadful in the extreme. The' de ceased was interred in Kirton churchyard1, on Fri day, the 7tb inBtant. the procession being headed by a hearse, ul'ter which followed the two / sisters and eousiuB of the; deceased,, dressed in white muslin corded with white' silk, their heads covered with white veilb reaching almost to the ground; Tlio men were dressed with" black silk hat bands tied with' white ribbon, and also wore white glove and nock- ties. The wo.men of the tribe, were in deep mourning. -.Many, hundred persons came from all parts of .the; district ; to witness the procession. The greatest decor am was- prc8brvcd . throughout,, ana shortly after their return from Kirton the membcro of , the tribe started1 for their various destinations. The tribe appeared to be in' affluent circumstances, aud' consisted of tho families: of the Lees, Youngs, Smiths,, and Sbilcocks. — 'Bury and Nor wich Host.' . ' ; . , ; ; : The Baron Db Vidil.— Some of , the friends of tho Baron Da Vidil— who was convicted at the Central Criminal Court of wounding his son with inteut to murder Itini,. and-sentenced to twelve months' hard labour — have recently been exerting themselves to obtain his release, upon the grounds, that - the six- months' irnpri- aonmenfi he'hns already undergone is sufficient punisUment;for!the.offenc0. For the purpose of/strengthening: an . application, which was about to be made. to the Home Office, the son was applied to; '-for his' signature, blithe posi tively! refused to interfere. On the determina tion!- of the son Wag. cominuuieated to the Baron, he requested his friends to desist moving in tho matter. Nearly -1,400 hones are training in" England for raging this 'yew. 