QUEENSLAND. WE have Brisbane papers to the Diet of Angnst. X QuientUni lime*, has, th» following on s anbjeot tt ba« excited muon interest amongst the Roman Cathe oomraaniiyin QueensUnJ :- : lt , . Oo Sanday lseVinamediately ftfjyr,the' serries of noe m<ss, {ha Bey. Dr..QaioD, the Bouhan Cttboltb Bishop BrisbinV," entered' into ari' explanation of'ltaef circa stances' wUioh hsd -led-'to tbe fate" painful occurrences' tbs Charoo' at'Ipswich.,, The /rjllowing;,^? bat,» br outline, of Er, .Quinn's explanation.: - I rylftorjtatinj; t(v»t the. Rev. W,"M*Giuiy did not Veto ! to bis (Dr. Q j/an**) diocese. Be'siVd^A-i Mri M'Gfa expressed a »lih to remain,-I offered'to obtain I Archbishop's sanction fox ois" doing sar bat Pp making toar through tba dtoc<se, raaliere oame anderray .natl which led,mo to take, deolded steps for tho removal your late pastor. ' On visiting Sydney at ObrUtmos'la Í arranged with (be Arotíbishop fon jour pastor's reta ti 'that dioses?, . and I .'wrote, to liirp. ;to,. th eff^ot;v I ri reply to my .letter, be wrote (to ,n using terms, wbicb I. need"'not repeat-evei one who knows him kuows the style'cf langdigs whic be Jseapahle of ntiog. He complained of tha sbortne of the notice. He" was o havo been in Sydney by Passii Sanday,'. bnt asked ta.be allowed to remain amil.bet) of June ; 'subsequently, rje said fiat he bod aclaim apt tbe diooese, and refused to loaveV' In" thia decision'1 w«s aided «nd abetted by a French prieur, wbo 'his g f afflcient knowledge to load perp/e ustmy, bat not sat oient to :make bim .understand his own du y."-E oUicnei to bolong Ip thia diocese, end not to that ' Sydney. I, paid that if fae bad tiny claim cn the didoes I would respect it; be, however,'etil1'refd'ed te obs Oo'ray requiring bira lo remain in Brisbane, he refu/BS tn do eo, sud retaroed to Ipkwiob ; thai, sad other oe of disobedience, caused me to suspend him. " Trier.? Wai two laws of tot;,Churoti invo r d in leis question ;' one was obliged .to oùrry'bat, and on« bo wes obliged to obs Trie BIBUC>P'bar » right to the control ol Sil property ar bequests fortbe Gnu rh ; on ray air'.vil l(.Bpplied t Uean Rigney for on account,, and tie ' gave it, rankle ooobj-otion to,do sq; your late pastor bad known thi for a wbqla year, enid ho also knew lhat he ooill ITO; take' the? money 'oat of tho ' diocese 'wit him, yet he refused to'give np nuy.Biootint ot the fane for tba gene'rol vervioo of (he Church, .building funds, nu » . boneo wbioh. had been b> qa -uthid to the Chard Now, all bequests of this'nature róquire that tbe'term of I he bequest should bo carried ont within aix monthi and sooner, if tho Biahsp reqaireit.. This,bequest wu made six years Ego, and no a<sooun,t( bas yet been rpi dered of it ;. be baa thu« held Ctiotoh mn ii'y »nd Chard property, and retasen cb give ic àp. Tho law on tbi nnhjeat sajs lbat.be who doe» BO,'bo ne even emperor c k ni, incurs tbe oens'ure of fha Oburoh. The same oer snrè'wb oi'fell', upon Connt Civoflr bas fallan on you p i8tor;jba was ndoqonisbed ot, th i existence of the lav and unless .he pi,ve ap tho' account that lie Would' b subject to its penalties, yet bo most obstinately refuse to ¿o Bf>V: The censure WAS not'paSÍSBd by me,-nor mad hy me-it is'tbe law of- the.Cbureb. Suppose a perso: o'remits murder, be transgresses the law, aud it is nc tin my power to alter the,luw to favour' his oise ; in tb latter case tho sm in against tht"lawn of man, In tb o th or it is bslore âo'l';-he who dammits tbe sin dio it bnowingly/and with bis py-iu'open. .Trie position, wa the.8amM.ua if I had admonished your pintor that ho wa standing on . tba verge of o precipice, and that one Bte; farther w'oald'ouune bim to fall'.'witty ot tb it of a mai dwelling in n: bouse on- fire, and I did all I oould ti arouse bim to move.therefrom, but who wilfully tarnet a deaf e ir to roy remonstrmnesj There is ono person it Ltliis congregation, who bas,expressed . n opinion that ni I pries'» aro equal, that ono ia to he he'ilcvad os' rriuoh ai another. 'Are' all' engols alite t When our blessed Ss I vijur appointed twelve apostles,' were ; they all equal] I Was ono apostle os,-good as another 7 Tbs greates heresies,of tho,,Church had been occasioned tbrougr prijsts i .arid the gre.ite'r this'dignity of'tbose who Binned the grrfutiir'wna ttio fall ' Those who'cimtnireil berani br werVdisibcdfent were under censuro of the'Courah they-.wSra ia rebolllon. , Soma,tf,you bava been led tc helluva that all P. otesfants ere herrtios. q Now. this is o false notion, whioh, na, I íxplniriéa 'toyon^on' a former rv'i:i', 8hodldrnot'be'b Id: Every person wh'6 io baptisr-d is'1 a Catbolio' ''and if fte > oot .according, '.to the best of his knowledge) and fulfil: tho. dictates of his,ooo. soieno -', ho is Dot e ueretio.bnt » Catholic. A heretic is . person who rejects toe* doctrines bf the faith io wbioh he bits b en (rainer), and knowingly rtjncts'tbe authority of thé Pope ¿nd his daly appointed, superior». .Tb ero are perhaps two br three , 'persons . in .the, congregation wbo bold the same'views ss their late paster, sad allow bim to associate, with them and'oqme' into their'hbosts. Ha .is an excommunicated l-rrioat,'arid'I wistfybo to anderstand ttat Such conduot i* wrong in any individu*) mWber of tlie oongrpgalion. On my Um visit to this plaoi', in a meeting p/( tbe membt>ra of the àongregatiqo', ope parly stateji t Jin tl wi: had to remove your Tate pSBtor jbocause h's.woá'lrl'not gl vu op the money that I might apply itto t'-iVge'nehil ase 61 tbe dioe'eee. :;I never asked him to give up the money, bat merely lo have my name ' nbs.ituted 1er ids along with the other (psteer. , On corning to tbe.diocese I laid it downes a raia for' my'own KpiJanoe that tho moneys subsoiibed 'io eaoh district »Tl on ld be¿ apenfiñ that'' diatríor, - This. ¡I explained to your pastor, and Valso to tho.person; vii0 made tbe elaiemeot-although tdat perron bod no rnore.to do be^ tween, pastor and bishop tenn nnyo ber.rriembl.r 'cf the congrega ion.' I have nb mere desire or.ïntéri-ibn of re. moiin^Jtbefan'dsfrom this district t^anlbsveof tba fonds subsoiibed for cbureb purposes in War wick or Toowoom- ba,; Iibava,mer«ly ORkid to bayo ,my came, substituted .a» a; trastee jp toe plaoe cf that bf a priest, and be' in tbe ,s,ime position to deal With, the money,-' atong 'with th« other trastees, ai that priest forme rly ooenpled. It bas been asserted that, in my>eorreB'poddencs with your late oistbr on thb-eur-jeot ofilia removal from ray diocese, I ! hive used.auch terms as I.migbt bavo* addressed to o buIIock- dri»er. I.bave a copy of thatiettèr here, which I will read to you, and let you judge.' "p - ! j ' The letter' wits to the following effect :-> ' . ' Jt 4t t.ia,l . ii.: ,-?.:.- ?> -i ... ".SfjMary's, Sydney. ' ' "I have to require yoa to return to Sydney by.Passion Sanday. 'I have appointed Father Scully to oat for me, and he will take an inventory, af the 'ohtirotrfurniture. I bave to rr'qa'étt yoti totran8fcr'-lo :nié the money and. 'property, of tbe' cbnrob; and-'ubstitnte my name for. yours as.trus'ee of the funds of tba cuurob.",. ? Sj , . 'I bnve. already told ¡yo* that oq m; arrival I mada a regulation, whiali.preotnded ma i< om, remoyiog facds fer. tha.general, purposes ol'thVdioce¿e¡ nud kj'tbis ltttar you see »II I requited ras tho substitutijo of my name as s trúitae in thé pisae of thaVcf your lote pastor. The unwarrantable Étalements whiob hav<> hu.n rntde.on this subjeot have caused rn» con»iJfraale, pain, and. have tended, to .destroy my ú«rÍUIIICBS.' I'called upon tba individual who made them.' lo retract, bat he did not do BO,'for wbilBt attempting an explanation be bit tba matter still in 'doubt, ond ieanaluded. by givinj; use a lesture: upon; tbe, proper .line. of..conduct X .ought to par sue. Alier.iadalging in this llo'eof procedrire, this individual almost sssaa'{a&aa;'gectUmsn 'cn'leaving tbs cbureb, and'obatgtd him-'with-writing to mtf'to repeat tbe opU nioBfiwMob'bsd been.pablioJy. expressed.' I ^sd never ressivtd any letter ftbm; that geotleman,on the subject. ! The third step tskeaby that iadivldasl was tOj deboonce ¡O i:Oj«;,iu^ y." ¡ , ; j ,'. :' - tba crasier of his bishop in bia pl«aa in «hi legislative Assembly, n'tn.'Ugh ho creop'fd ¡te position he htH Ka a tepre*rn'c;i'p nf the Cit1". 1-s i'h . n?x? »rrp w fi :d <?» inarTf-Tírs 1's «ny u.".> tb.^ fioci il ¡if >l'i>.-, uotS commit*''.c «>-w I on !.!» pas ir, i-«.>! > ... uti ^ ;<> ¡n. cite an in'uriatrd mah to imitate bia ex -f- i'L .. J? fxeu'. patton ot his nwn con'luci he re pres? nt* tn t ot the chair- man ai faulty, hat that individual bed co" moro light than any other member of the obutoh to speak io opposition to the chairman and pastor of tbe chntoh, and to tbe wishes of the meeting itsel'. I do frost, and I wish with my whole heart, that these misguided men may see the en or of their cor rar, and ¿retrace their steps. It is s most extraordinary thing that I should bs slandered on tbe ground of mency, for I expended over £60f O of my pri- vate means in fsrwsrding tbe interests of my mission, wbicb I n'«ver boped to be repaid. I also expended about £1820 in Ibu passage of priests and nuns to this colony, and I expected to receive something like that amount back again os my arrival herc. Privions to my arrival I bad been working for abont tiro years, and I certainly expiated that daring that time something would have been sat aside for yoar bishop's support. Bat what are tho feats f On my arrival ia Brisbane, I found a debt of £750 remaining on the oKniob thtxe, and tho furniture of tbe altar not even paid for. The furniture for my own house sad for the residence of the nuns I had to pay for, «o that altogether, ioa ead of ftn^i.is 8:mo provision for me on my arrival, I bad a de it of £1300 to £1300 to begin with I YJU sre alt aware of tho interest I feel in providing for j I «ha n/lnn llnnnl nnld nrn.Jt..... ..dih. .l.n. t.V.. t for th« istabl'sbmcnt of grammar lohooU ; I saw I Aot, and applied to the Government to allow me to av myself af its provisions ; for this 1 had a right ts ai Yoa know how my application was mst, bat the eabji is not yet set st tea*. Something has attempted to made bf another mat er. A Fqiatter named Fitsgers who died'on the tingan, left me half his property I ohoroh purposes. Jion may think .that tbe half of squatter's properly would be a very grand thing. I mt however, tell you that it will only be somewhere abo £100 when the.dabta ara paid. ; I bar's qo desire lo Ra wealth for myself; I have to work for' God Almigbi "Sackye first tbs kingdom of Heaven', and «Il otb things'shall be added thereto." I- have never bei troubled - about snob 'things as .tad been referr to oh my own account, and the patty who. arread the reports only' did it as sn electioneering dodge; knowii the jealousy Histing between Brisbane and Ipswisk, 1 mads use of. ii witb a view to gain political popularity. Its s sacred person; I, have been ordained and rcoaivi tb» Holy Ghost ; »ny one committing an aisault on n ''person oommits a sacrilegious set, and cowes under tl : censure cf :the- Church, and any one attacking rx ' character commits a moat grnss and esciilegiois *< , (Some*1 referents' WBB here mode to Kibbonism, Whit boyism, and secret societies.) There was anotht soo'ety «ailed Browniats;: there wero.certain dofds whit the members of this sooialy undertook to do at certal ptioes-poiton : or murder b»1 Its price. There was ceitaln portion of (be PreSa »hieb, occupied the placa i this soeiety-it does not occupy itB own proper,epher but-interferes-with matters with wnioh it bi no business. ? This portion of the Press passed a sort i civilised Ilrownism to exists-the people who owned tb portion of the Press in England and Europe were prino pally Jews, who .made it a money-making speculation they were supported by the Carbonari sud aeoret sooietic of Europe} they had nothing whatever to do with ri ligion, but were essentially opposed to Christianity Christ eommanded us to love eaoh other ; these Carbons teaob equal bate to all Christians, and whilst doings enter into the afiVrs of religions bodies, opposing th members ona to another. Devil's devil number ona i set against devil's devil number two to oréate qaarrellla and da tension. I a-k you ta anita with other religion bodies ia rn'.tiog down tbis infernal institution. Isa put down that portion ol tbe Press ia this town vrbiab ken tbe town in confusion two years ago .by discussion an correspondence of two parties, one a priest, and tb other a layman of this oburoh j Protestants also bad patt in thia discussion. How is it now? This portioi of the Pries now takes part with these men, apdsgait we have confusion; just ss it ia at home aud on tb Continent, so it is with tbs Corbonati hero, I most ear neatly pray befcra God that bctb patties may return ti their duty-tho priest to bis dury as a.minlsttr of Chris! sod the layman as a humble member nf the ohuroh. ; did all I could to savo bim from his headlong course but by his obstinacy I have been obligod to become thi instrument of bis punishment. You cannot look upci tho building in whiab you now worship without reoallini your lato pastor to mind. Fray for him I pray for th» poor miserable deacon wbo usod so in nob exertion tt get thia eburob ereoted-pray that, he may see bli fo'Iy and ooma baok to, bis duty I I could no allow him to continue, as your pastor, knowing' tha he bad refused the Baorament of baptism and other,rites of the oburoh to tha poer, who oould no pay for them- beaeuvo you could not pay, you could nol get tba ordintnoea of your religion; Ob, pray for him pray for the other pr- rties also. 1 have been chargée with using harab means towards your late pastor; bal if I allowed bis oohduot to pass, how could I appeal before tbe jadgment.aeat of Christ f I am placed herc to role over Christ's. Cbuicb, end I should not do my duty if I allowed it to be disturbed by a demagogue and a rebellious priest.-'--I-am called-upon to take a oalm decided course of action .aogording to God's commands, and I pray that God may beBtow His grace npr>n the ac -men, (bat they, may bo .restored to their daty, one ol them co longer as a leader ot Catholics, but to a bumble place amongst the members.: of tho congregation. Princes have donei penance on their -Anees st the doors . of . tho Church, .. and such conduct was tho fruit of a great, mind. . Narrow, bigotted mindB, however, always:*cted tn a contrary nancer, and were puffed up with pride and self-cocoeit. J pray that., during tbs services wbiob ore to, be held here ia tho aourse of the ..nest fortnight; these erring men may re tarn to their duty, and all shall he forgotten. Pray tbat they may do so ; .until then let them be to you as tho " heathen and the publican." ; This law was mado by Christ, not by me. If they retain, and confess their sins, they will be again reooived into the bosom of ¡ tbs Church as bumble memberBiof tbe congregation, but will have nothing whatever to do with . ecclesiastical mailers again.. ,i . ' . . ' j « The Bishop then r¿ad the lesion of. the day, and de. livered » Bbort exberta- ion ogoinatpride ona self>conaeit; and oonoluded by reoommending thc congregation to attend to their duties during tho coming fortnight, when Bpeolal Bervioes'will be held. . ? . THE MINISTUY.--Tho Courier, says : -Ponding tbe de. cisión of tbe elector* of th? Western Conns as tb whe- ther Mr Moffitt ox Mr. Hirst shall be tbe representative of that constituency, spéculation is rife aa to what oourse the Government will pursue in 'tbe event' of the Trea- surer being defeated. Ifct being honoured with the con* fidenoe cf. ¿be " inscrutable Mao," we are not able to give positive informatisa on the point : all we cm do is simply jbrepeat'the rumours which tire being circulated by those wbo assume to be well informer). One is,' that even if Mr. Moffatt should b* defeated, be. will still retain office ss Treasurer, and await tho ohanCe 6f a convenient váqsnoy occurring, before Parliament a'ssomblep. Another is, that tbe' treasurership 'will bo o Hared to Mr. M'L^OD, .the "moais'er 'for Eastern Downs. Of those two stalèmeit-i iwo'., are' more inollned to give credence to tfje former than to tbe latter ¡'for, after tho manner.ia,which the Ministry have already disregarded constitutional. practice, they would aoaroely be so scrupulous nsjo hesitate, in adopting BO simple a method of sui mounting their- present difficulty. j '"*TW*N5ffw"CoTOTnT--io THS- NoatH.-Toe .following ' notidektion appears in the Viatorian .Government Otxitle of tbe Otb instant:-"Pastoral Occupation inQieens. land,-Parties contemplating settling in Queensland aro cautioned to communicate With tbe Government. The country adjacent to tbe Gulf of Carpentaria ia not yet proclaimed open ta occupation'; and occupation will not be authorised, nor protection will be affords J, until the Government is satisfied with tbe plsoe and manner in whiob it is proposed to form stations or settlements. Hy bia Excellency's command, K. G, W. HKBJJEUT. Colonial Secretary's Office, Brisbane, July131,18118." 