SPECIAL RELIGIOUS SERVICES. In compliance with the desire of the Committee of the Evangelical Alliance of Great Britain, ex- pressed in a circular issued by them suggesting a week of special prayer for 1862, to be observed from January 5th to January 12th, inclusive, various Christian denominations in Adelaide held the first service of the series on Sunday, 5th inst. The object of the Committee is that the whole Church throughout the world should set apart a week at the beginning of the year for the simultaneous supplication of God's blessing during the en- suing twelve months. With a view of giving something of precision and agreement to the order of worship, the Committee have suggested various topics for thought and prayer throughout the week. The subject recommended for the com- mencement of the services was 'The Holy Spirit, and prayer for the Lord's blessing on the services of the week.' We have received the following particulars of some of Sunday's services :— Congregational Chapel, Freeman-street.— In the morning the Rev. Mr. Manthorpe delivered a discourse from Romans, 8th chapter, 2oth and 27th verses— ' Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities; for we know not what we should pray for as we ought; but the Spirit itself maketh inter- cession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.' 'And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God.' The Rev. Mr. Evan officiated in the evening, and chose as his text the 29th verse of the 34th chapter of Luke— ' But they constrained him, saying, Abide with us; for it is toward even- ing, and the day is far spent. And he went in to tarry with them.' Congregational Chubch, North Adelaide.— The Rev. C. W. Evan conducted the service in the morning, and preached from the following words contained in Matthew, 11th chapter 28th verse— 'Come unto me all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' In the evening the Rev. G. Stonehouse preached, took his text from Luke, 22nd chapter 61st and 62nd verses— 'And the Lord turned and looked upon Peter. And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice; and Peter went out and wept bitterly.' Ebenezer Chapel, Rundle-street.— The ser- vices at this chapel were conducted by the Rev. F. W. Cox, who chose for his text in the morning the 21st verse of the 30th chapter of Jeremiah— 'And their nobles shall be of themselves, and their Governor shall proceed from the midst of them; and I will cause him to draw near, and he shall approach unto me ; for who is this that engaged his heart to approach unto me ? saith the Lord.' In the evening, he dwelt on the vision described in the first ten verses of the 37th chapter of Ezekiel. Wesleyan Chapel, Archer-street, North Adelaide. — The Rev. Wm. Brown preached in the morning. He chose his text from Acts, 2nd chapter 17th verse— 'And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions and your old men shall dream dreams.' In the evening the Rev. J. B. Water- house delivered a discourse from the following words in 51st Psalm 11th verse— 'And take not thy Holy Spirit from me.' Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie-street.— The Rev. Spencer Williams preached in the morning, and selected for his text the 45th verse of the 10th chapter of Acts— 'And they of the circumcision which believed were astonished, as many as came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost.' In the evening the Rev. W. Butters delivered a sermon from, the 50th chapter of Jeremiah, 5th verse — 'They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward, saying— Come, and let us join our- selves to the Lord in a perpetual covenant that shall not be forgotten.' Baptist Church, White's Rooms.— Divine service was conducted at White's Rooms by the Rev. S. Mead, both in the morning and evening. In the morning he preached from John, 14th chapter and part of the 26th verse— 'The Com- forter.' He delivered a sermon in the evening from the 19th verse of the 5th chapter of the 1st Thessalonians. Baptist Chapel, Lefevre-terrace.— In the morning the Rev. Mr. Buttfield, of Uley, preached from Hebrews, 10th chapter 13th verse— 'From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool.' The sermon in the evening was also delivered by the Rev. Mr. Buttfield, the text being 1st Peter, 4th chapter 3rd verse— 'For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles, when we walked in lascivious- ness, lusts, excess of wine, revellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries.' Chalmers Free Church, North-terrace.— Mr. J. Gardner, the pastor of the church, preached both morning and evening. In the morning he took his text from the General Epistle of James, 4th chapter 13th and 14th verses—' Go to now, ye that say to-day or to-morrow we will go into such a city, and continue there a year, and buy and sell and get gain. Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow. For what is your life? It is even a vapour, that appearcth for a little time and then vanisheth away.' The text in the evening was also from the 4th chapter of James, the 15th, 16th, and 17th verses— 'For that ye ought to say, 'If the Lord will we shall live and do this or that.' But now ye rejoice in your boastings; all such rejoicing is evil. Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.' St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield-street.— The Rev. R. Haining conducted the services at this church in the morning and evening. His text in the morning was the 20th verse of the 3rd chapter of Revelations— 'Behold I stand at the door and knock.' He preached in the evening from Hebrews, 4th chapter 1st verse— 'Let us therefore fear lest, a promise being left us of entering into His rest, any of you should seem to come short of it.' United Presbyterian Church, Gouger Street.— The Rev. James Lyall delivered a dis- course from 2nd Corinthians, 4th chapter 6th verse — 'For God, who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.' In the evening he preached from Isaiah 44th chapter, 3rd, 4th, and 5th verses — ' For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my Spirit upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thine offspring: And they shall spring up as among the grass, as willows by the watercourses. One shall say, I am the Lord's; and another shall call him- self by the name of Jacob; and another shall sub- scribe with his hand unto the Lord, and surname himself by the name of Israel.' After service a prayer meeting in connection with the services of the week was held. Special sermons, of which no particulars have been forwarded for publication, were also held in other places of worship in the city, and also in the country. We have given the words of the texts which were used, although, in some instances, it was mentioned that they had not been especially selected in connection with the movement. The congregations were mostly about the average num- bers. The services will be continued at the various churches in the evening throughout the week, the subject for prayer to-day being 'Humiliation and Confession of Sin, &c.; Thanksgiving and Praise for recent Religious Awakenings.' 