RAILWAY EXTENSION. So far as the discussion has gone on the sub- ject of railway extension, the merits and demerits of the schemes propounded by other journals, particularly that of a line between Castlemaine and Maryborough, have been overlooked in an intense eagerness to grasp at something that would produce immediate local advantage. Statements have been hazarded by writers in various journals as to the extent of traffic and so forth, which those writers; could they free themselves of local prejudice, would be ashamed to maintain by sophistical argument— nay, even to utter. It is to the last degree lamentable to find a question of national importance treated as though it were a mere matter ot local adorn- ment, and fact so distorted as to create a great deal of ill-will and jealousy, and by consequence, much opposition. Whatever advantages the line between'Castlemaine and Maryborough may promise, or however more advisable it may be to construct one between this district and Balla- rat, can only be decided by a thorough inquiry into the extent of the population, and the ca- pacity and nature of the resources of the inter- vening country, and when this is impartially carried out it will be easy to select which is the best of the rival projects. Until the members for the district so vitally concerned in the matter obtain from the House, which we trust they will do before the closing of next session, a guarantee of 5 per cent, or even. 6 per cent, which would be better, to any company that will undertake to construct a line of railway whether from Bal- larat or Castlemaine, the question as to which of tho two routes is the best and most likely to re- turn a fair rate of interest on the money ex- pended, should be avoided. Few persons ques- tion the desirableness of extending the railway beyond Castlernaine or Ballarat, so as to embrace the large population, immense mineral resources and agricultural capabilities of the country to the north-west, but to bind down a company to construct a line from Castlemaine to Mary- borough, in return for a guarantee of 5 per cent, on the capital invested, when an inquiry may es- tablish that the Ballarat route is far preferable, would result either in a complete breaking down of the undertaking, or in the introduction of competition, alike ruinous to the investors and the country. It is purely on public grounds that we thus review the aspect the railway ques- tion in this part of the country has assumed, satisfied that while the rival projects are beiug so ruthlessly attacked, the main chance, that of combination to secure the guarantee, is wholly neglected. Meanwhile, it would facilitate the calculations of those who may be disposed to embark their money in railway enterprise in this direction, if the Government were to survey the rival routes, for which £500 were passed last session, and which, so far as we know, is not yet appropriated to the object for which it was voted. — Talbot Leader. [It is in this spirit that we have always written on this question. By all means let the two routes, from Castlemaine and Mary- borough, be surveyed before a private company or Government attempt to form a railway from either. In the meantime we are glad to perceive that the district so well looked after by our contemporary, the Leader, is now placed in direct daily communication with Castlemaine through the energy of Cobb and Co. — a coach arriving here from Talbot, in time for the mid- day train for Melbourne. Castlemaine will be the "great centre" for Talbot, as it is for so many other places. — ED. M] Accident. — On Friday an accident which was nearly being attended with very serious results, happened lo Mr Allan, of the firm of M'Briile and Co., Campbell's Creek. While pouring some ingredient used in brewing into a copper, it bubbled over, and severely scalded him 011 tho side and leg. Iu endeavoring' to avoid tho .scalding liquor he had a narrow escape from falling headlong into another copper or vat. The Banquet at Castle.uaixe and Saxd- hukst. — The Bendii/o Advertiser states that Mr. iSymonds' bill lo the Municipality, for refresh ments supplied at the banquet ami ball at Sand hurst, nuiouuts to £1600 ! ! Wc cannot credit this statement. The total expenses of the Custleniaumenlcrtnmmont will, we understand, be about £500, so far as the Council are con cerned. The Ixc it ix Ikspector " — ' 1 Case. — A cu. -pondent inquires wheth CI,AT,j I able to give tlie report of the Board w? Teare I inquired into the conduct of Mr Tno„ ! ate'j" I clay, in dealing with the late suli £ H- B estate. "We are not able to give tlin"v'ei'surer's 8 havo the slightest knowledge of ji01'; n,r 1 There can be 110 doubt, however . / n?-ure- I ought to be. We shall Probably bo re 4 I qnainted with fr by and byc, an"d theinn ac' I respondent s curiosity shall be gratified t?" I inquiry itself having been publicly conrl, i,. The I is only reasonable to suppL thi, , it 8 no permanent withholding of cither renn 8 final judgment in the case. UIX r PaooBEss OF Odd Felloivsiup — Tt, p., 8 Fellows are making remarkable 11 8 Campbell's Creek. Already their numLs" £t 8 said, 80 members, though a short time ar n 15 8 was not a single lodge, and hardly a memi ro. 8 the order in the vicinity. The 8 system commend themselves to every r 5 1 miner, who desires to protect himself'in tT l 8 of sickness, or to make provision for his ft'i if 8 case of death. The quartz reefers of f'-Aw' 3 8 Creek, who have already displayed so 8 dence in purchasing lands and buildinrr 1 pm" I ivith their money instead of " knockineni iUse,i 1 in the way which too many" of their ela-v I the habit of doing, have "given furthe-TOr I their good sense in availing themselves T.i I advantages couieiTcd by Odd Fellows. " I Savage Dogs. — On Saturday- 1 our runners, a lad named Dunster, iva/li ?e ing the Mail at the house of Mrs Bird r W" 1 hill, when he was attacked by a large do» ' 8 improperly allowed to be at large, a"nd i was rescued, the animal had inflicted some vc B severe wounds upon him, tearing onon lii _thigh. The boy is now iu the Hospital. Pe" ! 1 who keep vicious dogs 011 their premises dio,I| I see that they arc properly fastened at night e;rr 1 cially when persons in the discharge of their or' I dinaiy duties are compelled to go upon the n» 1 mises at unusual hours. ' I Ix Pubis NATUiuLiBus.-When rumours £ went abroad that a nude man was in the h-bit I of disporting himself in Castlemaine, with 2 a new, apparently, of frightening and annorine 1 females, it was received with an amount of in 1 credulity. Certain it is, however, ihat a reallv 1 naked individual was caught on Saturday last S in Temploton-street, or rather in the Catholic 1 Reserve. It seems that two females were mm 1 mg up Hargreave-street, when they encountered I this supposed apparition; one of them fled I forthwith, but the other gave chase, when the 1 " ghost" fairly turned tail and bolted, clearing 1 the Catholic fence at the corner like an ante- I lope. The cries of the lady pursuer drew a I number of people, and in no time the acrobat | was secured, though not without .desperate re- i sistanee. In the interim, between being fc; | seen and captured, ho had managed to sib a J shift over his head, and thus appeared ins®, I paratively decent costume beforo the numkn 1 that soon surrounded him. The police were sent for, and under their inspection he com pleted his toilet prior to going to the "logs," | his other clothes having been found tied up in a | bundle under the fence near where he leaped I over. His name is John Beal, and he has been a newspaper runner on Campbell's Creek. What .the charge against him will be wo are not aivare, but surely the Bench will make an example of him in such a manner as may deter others from following his example. Me may add, that on being introduced to the lock-up he smashed everything breakable, aud after being with great difficulty handcuffed and chained in the cell by two policemen, he was found at liberty yester day morning, so far as freedom from manacles was concerned. Exquiet ix Ixspectob Whitefobd's Case. — The Board appointed in this case, consistingof — Shcrard, Esq., resident warden at Ballarat (sitting in lieu of E. Colics. Esq., originally ap pointed), J. Amos, Esq.; police magistrate at Avoca, and Soperintendent Hill, held their first sitting on Saturday last, at Daylcsford. A large , number of witnesses were examined, aud tlie evidence was of a most contradictory character. The Boai-d, after a prolonged investigation, ail journed till this day- at eleven o'clock, when their labours will be resumed. Mr Superintendent Eeid attended to watch tho proceedings. The "We5Leyax Bazaar. — This long talked of event will come off on Wednesday iveek, November 5th, at the Mechanics' Institute. Some hundred pounds worth of fancy goods have been selected in Enerland for this bazaar, and have recently arrived in llobson's _ Bay. These goods embrace a splendid collection of papier machic articles, bohemian glassware, and various elegant ornaments, far superior to the usual thiugs sold at most bazaars. The exhibi tion of such choice and rare products should bo 1 sufficient attraction to all lovers of the beauti ful and good. We frust, however, that the articles will not only be seen and and admired, but sold for the benefit of the Wesleyan Church. Litebal Fikst Fruits. — On Saturday last Mr. Pcndrcd, fruiterer, of Market-square, ex- | hibited somo splendid ripe strawberries, grown at Waliner, which soon found purchasers. On tbe same day another lot of strawberries, received by train from the Melbourne market, were disposed of ivith equal facility. From this source also lie received bananas, pines, and a variety of other fruits, in as good condition as the metropolitans could have purchased them. Amongst the fruity curiosities was a pine, root, leaves, aud all com plete, the whole beiug upwards of three feet in length. Mr. Pcudrcd has beeu the first fruiterer to avail himself of railway accommodation, and the Forester's Lodge dinner was supplied through +1m enmn ivipmiw Uy' lnm. The Theatre. — This establishment lias been untenanted for an unwonted length of time, and the lovers ofthe drama have beeu loug anxiously looking to iis re-occupation. We arc glad to state it is more than probable that Mr. Jefferson, our real " American Cousin," will before long treat us lo some of the rich humour he has been lavishing 011 the playgoers of Melbourne and Sandhurst. Negotiations are now being carried 011 by Mr. Beddard, and though no fixed arrange ment is yet made for Mr. Jefferson's appearance, it is almost certain that a satisfactory treaty «m be concluded. We can only say that good .houses ivould be the immediate result. Melboubxe Visitors. — On Saturday last a great many Mclbourniles visited Castlemaine. Many of them had been diggers of olden days, thou"h food broadcloth had supplanted fustian, and freely expressed then- admiration at the great changes that had taken place in the courso of a few years, and the advimco that wc had made in civilisation. We learn that these lirst excursionists are only avunt couriers ot many others, the very judicious ana nucriu awi«.»» of return tickets having encouraged the metro politan holiday folks to extend then- trips iurtflei than Hobson's Bay. Melbourne people by lie- srecs, thank to the iron horse, will Icavuwat the residents on the gold-fields, and the denizens of gold-fields townships, aro not necessarily bat' barians, and that higher tastes than damper ana mutton are cultivated thereon. In fact, the in creased facilities for visiting those unexplored regions will tend to smooth down_ asperities, ami remove many prejudices from which the countl7 districts have so long suflercd. We only hl the railway department, by a reduction ot tar » may still iui-tlier promote this mutually udia tageous intercourse. . r Almost a Flood. — After the heavy ram Thursday, tlie water rose ivith great rapid' 'tj the lower end of Campbell's Creek, sweop g away dams and crossing places. The tempoia I fool-bridge at Ruutor's Gully, was earned the stream, and for a lime aH'communication b tii eon tho opposito luniks of the creek was e oil'. One of tho workmen engaged on the Iie , bridge gallantly transported across the cui'e several females who were prevented rcacjn g their homes. Another foot-bridge has since be constructed for tho accommodation of the mba tiuils, but it is supposed the contract for tiic p " mnncnt one will be comploled within six nee 