/ SriN/AND . YET TRUE. ! ' AVIien tho evening lamps aro lighted, or rather, just before that operation— soy in Pjo little interval which follows . tho rotirorjent of tho ladies front the dining room, and pr ecedes tlio appearance of tho laughing, scop Real faces : left temporarily below— a grain of liost talk mingles, not inliarmoniously, wi'.h tho gentle and domealio topics invoked -bj-' lire' subdued light and confidential feeling 04 the hour. Tho treatment of tlio subject ia, necessarily super ficial. Twenty minutes will not Buffice for a dive into pliilosophiodeps. Facts aro simply adduced. Thema o-gd propoeition are luid bare, and left so, for ' spy Qfter-manipulationa profoundcr thinV ,ers please. Hcvcrtheless, from tlio pabn jUm (often exceedingly raw) supplied by t nt!0 imle convoraations, moy bo deduced a w /(iqIq garden of thought-, worthy the atter.ti' JU 0f tlio most earnest Bage. ' Whate for bo tlib cause, tho fact will hardly bo disp uted that a tasto for tlio supernatural ii»o 1 jToairy augmented ot late among ino edu' jatod classes of society. It haB, indeed, 88 might be expected, abandoned its " ncient form of bald orcdulity. Wo hcitlior bolievo in tho ghost, nor shoot at liim. Wo require to know something of liis nature who walks uninvited into our dwelling, and what may bo his immediate bnsinoss there, hut not with rudeness nor in tolerance. ' In a word, the indulgent spirit of tho timo is the welcome child of progress. As every ago stamps itself upon the roil of time with tho seal of somo grand .discovery — as overy successive year roveals its half suspected wonders— tho inind becomes less and less inclined to impOBO limits upon that vaBt un explored ocean which, liko tlio natural horizon, seams to know no bound but God — and man, as lie grows wiser, grows humbler. To this improved feeling, nnd this bettor fliflflinlinn nf ri%nr»r. n»n ihriphtafl fnr rnnnv an interesting narrative which would clso havo never pnesed tho bounds of a family circle ; or, in doing so, would havo at least been carefully denuded of such corroboration as name, place, and timo ufford. In the incidents hereafter to bo rclntcd, theso havo been supplied without scruple, and without desire for any greater reticence than tlio oditor in his discre tion may impose. Tho circumstances of caah case have been verified with unusual care, be- onuse another object than simplo curiosity suggested tlio inquiry. Still, it may bo proper to call attention to the fact, that persons who have been, or who lmvo concoivod themselves to have beon, tho witneises of so-called super natural anncaranccs. arc, in recalling the occurrence, novel- wholly frco from tho domi nion of that exalted feeling which accom panied it, nnd which iB ill-calculated for minute nnd nccurato detail, no, therefore, who undertakes to relate n ghost Btory at second lmnd, may have tho difficult task of rendering incoherences in such a manner as shall rot bring down unjust doubt upon what is no less correct than clear. To assist analysis, wo must compare? To aid comparison, tlio least possible reserve should unite with tlio closest possible adhorenco to facts, so fur as fucts can bo ascertained after passing through strongly susceptible imagina tions. Evon were IhcBe extra-natural occur rences not explicable (which wo hold them in every case to be), thorc is surely nothing torrible or revolting in the pursuit. It is, for example, a simplo, touching, and beautiful faith that the last earthly regards of tho liberated spirit should be fixed upon its best beloved. - If sticli bo tho work of a mocking spirit, it wonrs a wonderfully heavenly dress. ."lama ghost," says Wolirau, in the Foal's Tragedy ; . . "Tremble not. Fear not me: The dond nrs ever good and innocoot, And - lore tho living. They - are cheerful creatures — And qultt as the sunbeams—and most like, In grace, and patient b>ve,-nud spotless beauty, The new-born of maukind." . To proceed nt oneo to illustration, hero nro bWU lUBUlllUfO Ui. . lUbUU/lUU, UOIU Ul'lUl UIIU true. Tho first iB' supplied by a gentloman well known in. French .literary 'circles, .whom it. induced to, bestow much attention on tlint nnd kindred subjects. In. 1815 he was visiting n lady of his acquaintance at Rouen. They wero- engaged in earnest conversation on tho Bubject of tho future prospects of tho lady's children, tho youngest of whom, a girl of eighteen, sat working beside thorn. Suddenly, tho latter sturtod from her seat with a loud shriek, and threw horself .into her mother's amis. On being questioned as to tho causooflicr agitation, sire pointed to n sofa, and, weeping bitterly, declared' she had seen descend upon it tho figure of her elder sister, Rosalie, then on a visit to somo relations nt or near Havre. Tho countcnnnco of tho phantom was pale and death-stricken. This ocnurrod at four o'clock in .tho afternoon of tho 17th Sep tember. Two days after, tidings arrived that Rosalia L — — lind been unhappily drowned in a boaling excursion at Havre, at (it was affirmed) tlio precise moinont of tho appear, once. As another instqneo, hero is n circumstance minutely related by Monsieur M , a retired French officer, in a letter to a friend : "Left an orphan at an enriy age, I was brought up under the caro of a kind-hearted 'odinother, who could scarcely have chorishod m 0 more, lind I been hor own offspring. She res."'dod at Harfieur, and being in easy circum- stinii',e3, rofusod mo nothing that could con- tribui.a to my youthful pleasure, keeping my pockets, witlial, comfortably lined with mntoriul which rendered my frequent visits to tire Sunday h'tos in tiio neighbourhoe'd doubly agreeable. On ono occasion I had started as usual in co.repany with a band or yonng vagabonds likif myself to attend a Ato of Quillcbceuf, on tl'ie opposito side of lite Seine. " Contrary to m_v natural habit, I felt uneasy and depressed. An inexplicable feeling of gloo."u hung upon iny mind, u'-nd neither my own efforts, nor tho raillery of my companions could drivo it 'away. I had, indeed, loft my good proteotress confined by illness to lie." bod, but I was not awaro that sho wob in any dangor. Howcvor, tho cloud upon my mind, fir from dispersing, momentarily increased. If 1" joined as usual 111 tlio different sporis, I wns s.'oiv nnd unskil ful ; nnd, in tho war of wit f'but generally uccotnpunied our games, had not a avord to say fur mysolf. Wo had ongaged in a match of skittles. It was my turn to deliver tho ball, and I was standing, half pensively, poising it in tny lmnd, when I' distinctly heard a soft voico pronounce my name. I started, and turnod round, hastily asking who had spokon. "'Nobody,' replied tlioso around me. " I insisted tlint I liad heard a woman's voice say ' Ar .' _ '" ' Bait ! you'ro dreaming. Flay away.' "Hardly had tho ball quittod my hand, when, a second .time- 1 heard my namo pro nounced in a soft and plaintive tone, but fainter than the formor. Again I enquired who called me. "Ho ono present had heard the sound. "Itstruok mo thatsoino ono of tho party wns playing a trick upon rao, in order to iucroaso my evident molanclioly. Nevertheless, under tho influenco of somo impression cnused by the plaintive summons, I refused to play any longer, nnd prosontly returned nlono to Hur- flour. On reaching my godmother's house, I was shocked to learn that sho had expired during tlio afternoon, pronouncing my name twice, and breathing her last eigh at tho moment of the second summons I had hoard. Theso facts nro woll known to somo l-w'oire or fifteen peoplo at Harfleur and nt Quillobceuf, moat of whom aro still (in 185-1) living, nnd Wero' I to live fifty years tho sound and tho impression will novor depart from ray memory." But, of course, tlioso so-called "facts" had their common . source in tho narrator. Therefore,, ns a /question of ovidmeo, no corro boration is gnin'cd by their being known to tho dozen or fifteen peoplo still living. Tho heroine of our next illustration is Mrs. D , an English lady. " : "When, five ycors'ngoj Mrs. D— — became a widow, it-plcasCd the brother of her ltueband to di/puto the dispositions of tlio lattor's wilt— s .proceeding the-moro annoying mado for ' the widow- was alrwsdv eklrorhrlv. moderate. Ultimately an npjpeal was made to Ohancery. The suit lastcVl three .years, nnd caused' Mrs.' Dr — - the utipost yex-»iiiui ar,d anxiety, when, nt length, thellnw, finding thoso 'claims' indisputable, whicli bod never beep anything else, decided-.in vier .favour. Some sliort timo after this, Airs. B wsb residing in L — —Place, Brighton. \A friend, Mifls F , ' usually shared lior -bedroom. Both wero lying awako ono morning about eight o'clock, whon Mrs. D , willi sonu- surprise, saw hor friend riso up sudflemy 111 bod, clasp lior hands nnd sink back again on tlic'pillow in a profound Bleep. Stroiltgo ns Eoemcd tho movement, it was so evident to Mrs. D- that hor friend was really Hit a tranquil slumber, that she made no efforp.to disturb her. A minute elapsed, when tlio door quietly opened, and there seemed to onter a figure wliioli she believed to bo super natural. She describes her feolingB with great minuteness. She owned that, by nature, she wsb Bomowliat nervous, yet her impressions, ns sho nfterwards remembered them, on this occasion, hid not the slightest intermixture 01 icnr. one was conscious 01 rovcrenuui awe, Biieh as might bocomo tho witnoss of a revela tion overruling tlio accepted law of niiture, united with a feeling of intense curiosity as to the object of the apparition. Gliding through tho subdued light, tho < figure liad all the appearance, gait, and manner of her deceased husband; until, pasaing round tho room, and sinking down into an arm chair that stood nearly opposite hor bed, turned slightly aside, tlio figuro presented its profilo, and Mrs. D— — instantly recognised her connexion, and late opponent, Mr. W. D -, at tlint time residing in the north. Ho soouor had tho mysterious visitor sat down, than lie raised his elapsed hands, as in passionate entreaty ; but though the spectral lips appeared to move, as in harmony with tho gesture, no sound was audible. _ Throe times tho hands were lifted in tho samo earnest manner, then the figure' rose, and retired as it came, tsoma uorvous reaction followed. its dis appearance, for MrB. D 's maid appearing a minuto or two iator, found her mistress trembling violently, nnd much agitated. Nevertheless, Bite quickly regained her self- possession, and cnlmly roiatod what sho had seen, both to Mis) F— — and tho moid,- tire former being unable to recnl anything unusual, and only knowing that bIio liad fullcn- asleep agnin, contrary to lior own intention. Tlio succeeding day wos cold and- Btormy, nnd neither of tho friends quitted the house. In tlio ovening some neighbours called; Ab they wero taking leave, one of the party sud denly inquired : ' ' . - " By-the-by, liavo you lind any rocent news nuiu mo nuiuir jx rumour lias rcncilou us, I hardly know liowj that Mr.' W. D-— k. :is dangerously ill, some eay dying, even (but it is only report) deod." " Ho is dead," said Mrs.' D — -, quietly. " He died this morning." "You have a telegram ? " — - - "You shall hear." - Aud Mrs. D told her story to liar won dering friends.' " - ' r As quiokly as nows could reach Brighton she received intimation of Air. D- 's death, at tho hour of -his appearance. . " A singular and suggestive statomont is, .that tho seono witnessed by Mrs. D nt Brigh ton, was being enacted in the death chamber of Mr. W. D , hundreds of miles distant. His mind wandered somewhat, as the end drew near, but perpetually, roturned to the subject of tlio unhappy lawsuit. Mistaking: liis sister for Mrs. D— — , ho addressed to'lier' the most fervent entreaties for pardon, avow ing liis bitter regret, condemning his own, -in justice nnd covotousneBs, and dcolaring ho could not diu in- peace without iter forgiveness. Three times tlio dying man hnd raised liis hands in tho manner alio liad witnessed, nnd so expired. ' Ono morning, some years since, the lady of II distinguished London physician was lying in lied nt her liouso in P- Btreet. It was day light, and sire was broad awoke."-' "Tho door maid, did not raisohor head, until a remarkable: looking figure, passing between her bed nnd tlio window, walked up to the fireplace, wlion, reflected in tlio mirror which hung above, Lady recognised tlio features of lier stepson, Dr. J. C — ; — -, then attached to n foreign embassy. "Ho wore a long night-dress, ond carried something on'his arm. "Good Heavens! is that you John? nnd ill that dress?" eriod Lady ; in tlio first surprise. ' . . ' The figuro turnod slowly round, and alio, tlion became aware that tlio object ho carried was a dead child,- tho body being swathed round and round in a large Indian scarf of rcmarknblo workmanship, which Lady — — had presented to Mrs. J. C 011 the ovo of hor departure.! As sho gazed, tlio outline of the figures be.- came indistinot— invisible. Tltoy ivoro lost in tho familiar objects of tho room. Lady neither fainted nor shrieked, nor even rung tho boll. Sho lay down and thought tho niuttor over, resolving to nientiori it to no ono until the roturn of her husband, then absent in -attendance on an illustrious household. His experience would decide whether her physical health offered any solution of tlio phenomenon. As for its being a dream, it may bo taken as an accepted fact, that, though nobody is eonaciiua of tho not of going to sleep, every body knows, by the sudden cliango of Boenery and snapping of tlio chain of thought alone, whon lie has awakened. Oh hearing her story, her Imsbnnd immedi ately looked at his lady's tongue, and felt her pulse. Both organs perfect. Of Iter nerves lie had seen, proof. Touching veracity sho was truth itself. All his skill could devise nothing better than a recommendation of patience, and to seo what camo of it. In tlio meantime tho day nnd hour wore noted down and tlio next advices from T nivaitcd with more than usual interest. At length they enmo. Dr. J. C — informed iiis father that their child — an only ono — hud died on such a day (tlint of tho apparition) and that liis wifo, anxious that it should bo: laid to rest in the land of its birth, hud beg'ged that it might bo forwarded by tho next ship. In duo course it arrived, embalmed, but enclosed in a a coffin so much larger than was require."! for the tiny occupant, that tire inter vening spaces had to bo filled up with clothes, etc., while the Iudian scarf hud beon wound, in many folds, around the child's body. A favourite theory has it down as law that it requires two minds to produce one ghost. Titoro must h4Fn the other side, tho power of projeotion of the image — on tho other that of receptivity. Unless tlio mirror bo specially prepared,; the object, though at hand, cannot become visible.' Yet, here is nn example of tho substitution of one, certainly in no such con dition of spoeini preparedness, for another un questionably interested. Colonel M , wlio porishod, witli a party of Iub men, in tlio lamentable burning of a transport on her . voyage to the Crimea, was well known to tho writer. . M was a man of tlio' coolest nerve, of tho most imperturb able self-possession. It was his habit to sit "up late, reading, in tho ohambor of his invalid wife, after tho latter had retirod to bod. One niglP, Mrs. AI ' having fallen asleep, the door opened, and her maid, Lucy, who had boeu sent home, ill, to the ehargo of her friends, a few days before, entered the room. Perfectly conscious, iis ho declared, from tlio first, that ' tho object I10 behold wus hot of this world, tire Btcndy soldier fixed iiis eyes on tlio nppavi- tion, careful only to catch its ovory movement, nnd irapi'oss tlio whole scono with accuracy on his memory. Tlio figuro moved slowly' 1 0 tlio sidoof 'tbo bed, gazed with a sad and wistful expression on tlio sleeper's face, and then, as - .though' 'reluctantly, died nwny into tho gloom. Colonel M then awoko his wife, and rclute'd ! what hud occurred. Tlio -hour 'wus noted, and proved to ho precisely that;nc:which tlio poor 'girl had breathed hor InBt, murmur ing her mistress's linrac. Somo'twenly years ugo,'tli'o attention of Sir M and Lady S was attracted to tho friendless position of a. little orphan boy. So great was the interest witli wMoli he inspired thorn both that they took entire chargwqf- his|' future, giving liim'ah'eXbclient-etitfett'Any ihiGL ; at a proper age, introducing him, cnhVovm earnest request, into the navy. Several years pasted, during which tbo young man ed .iced rapidly in professional and general knowledge, and wob to all appearance on the outsot of n prosperous career, whon, one rude November night, about "half-pnst twelve, the inmateB of Lady S 'b Country house, at which alio was then residing, in the absence abroad of Sir M , were aroused by a loud ringing at tlio bell. LsdyS— , herself nwakoned, henrd tho step of hor steady old butler moving in person to ascertain wlio could possibly be arriving at such an hour. A furious gust of wind and rain scemod to burst in with the oponing door. A long pause succeeded ; nftor wbicli'tlio butler henrd ro-OBCsnding to his npartmont. Lady S— — -'a curiosity waB sufficiently aroused to indueo her to summon her maid, who slept in an adjoining room, and send lior to question tho butler as to the untimely visitor. The answer returned was that, on opening tlio door, no one was to bo seen. The night, though rough, was not very dark, nnd neither on the gravelled approach, nor on tbo brand lawns, could bo discerned a living thing. Biit for sa IIIU1IY llUYIIIfr licaru lUO UL'1)| IIIU UUllCt HUUIU havo imagined it a dream. Gradually tho household resumed its repose, when, nt two o'clock, a second summons startled everybody. There was 110 mistaking now, for tlio bell had not ccnscd its impatient vibrn'inbs when the butler, with several other servants, Bot foot on tlio stairs. Again the storm dashed into tho house, and nothing but tlio Btorm. No human Bhape was visible without, nor wero any footprints to bo traced on the smooth gravel sheltered by tlio porch. As 'they wero about to close the door, for- .the second time, Lady S 's moid '.appeared on the landing, nnd beckoned, with a -while seared face, to those below. ' " Come up — come up, Bomebody ! My lady has seen Mr. D . I dare not stay there olone!" It was, in effect, as bIio had snid." Imme diately after the group of servants.''' -Imd descended mo stairs, Jjaay a nan seen me figure of young D-— standing at the foot of her bod. Believing at tho moment that it :was actually himself, ;b1io had accosted him "What, Edward, your hero?" The figure immediately disappeared \ Nowb shortly arrived that the young , man had porished at sea on that wild November night, botwoen the hours of twelve and two. ' The following -singular" story, belonging, -perhaps, moro strictly to tho realm of drontnB than visions, was related to tho writer, a'; 6hort lime since, by the lady of a distinguished German diplomatist, now residing at Frauk- fort : — . a : A friend of the narrator had herself a beloved andrqttached'friend, who died after a brief but severe interval of suffering. A short tiine'after, tlio spirit of tho departed stood, in a dream, by. th'o'bedeido of her friend, Madame L , nnd, with a countenance distorted with indesnribuble agony, implored tho.lattcr to interest in 'her behalf somo " groat strong soul," that might Wrestle fur lior in prayer, und emancipate' tlic afflicted spirit, if it might be, from its present intolerable condition. This condition she de scribed as ono of nn eager longing to repent, but of perpetual contention with somo terrible hindrance, only removable through tho meuns suggested. Much troubled in mind, Madame L , after somo deliberation, resolved to appeal to tho strongest and most ardent s'oul within the range of her acquaintance, in (ho person of , sometimes called tlio " German Lutlier," To liim, accordingly, she made her appeal. The good mun consented;- nnd re deemed his promise witli characteristic zeal, i Soon after, the apparition rcvisitod Madiuno L — : — . This timo withospect mbi-o composed, but still marked with traces of suffering nnd anxiety, nnd -warmly thnnking her friend for what had been already done, adjured her, in tho mcst touching innguago (repeated by the narrator witli wonderful power and. pathos), to prevail upon tlio zouious intercessor to engage once moro — but once agnin — in prayerj on her behalf. .Miidamo L , deeply moved, did as she 'wns requested, nnd wroto at once to — i . wlio llannennrl ah this timo In'bo oVisoof. at the distnnco of two dnya' journoy. - ; On the third night, tho spirit ones more stood by lior friend's 6ide, witli an aspect of complete' tranquillity, and surrounded wilb nngclie radiance, declaring that nil wos now well. Two days more, and hurit into Afadnino L— — 's presence, pale, and greatly ugitnled. "Womnn, woman!" he exclaimed, " what. lmvo you done ? For no reward that could be proposed to mo would I endure such anothor hour of conflict And ngony us that which my compliance with your request lias caused me." IIo ' then proceeded; to relate "flint, having — though witli somo reluctance— en gaged in prayer as I10 wns . desired, ho felt as though at once environed by; all tho powers of evil. Nevertheless, witli reeling brain mid bursting heart, mul all but overcome, ho steeled himself to tlio very utmost, and, struggling on through umiUcrablo mental torture, 11b length regained his calm But' never more, lor him, 6U0I1 fearful cham pionship. Without entering more deoply. into discus sion of this lust example,' it may bo enough to hint that a solution might probably be fouit'l in tho collision of two ardent- and impressible natures, "devoted, for'tlio' moment, with intense eagerness to n common object. A broad distinction, of course, lies between oases of mere cerobml excitement and such us wo -have before adduced. Hallucinations nro as fully recognised, if not quite so common, ns colds in the head. Few of thoso who must have noticed the. twitch or toss of the head peculiar to tlio luto eminent counsel Ah. B , wero aivnro that it was engendered by a perpe tual vision of n raven perched on his -left shoulder. A gentleman now residing in Broad, way, Now York, -trunsncts business daily, under tlio immediate supervision of his great, -uncle, who, in a lnced c-ont nnd rallies, occupies 11 largo unnchair placed expressly to receive the honoured vision. However, tho ptirposo of this paper being rather to suggest tliun to demonstrate, enough 1ms been said, if we reiterate tho opinion tlnit inquiry is better than ridicule, tlint the object of relating "ghost stories" is not to propa gate idle falsehood, but to elicit philesapbi.: truth, und if there bo among our readers one whoso norves are not trustworthy, if may com fort that individual to know fh.it, in our ex perience, 110110 who lmvo been tlio subject of what' (until wo bet tor comprehend their nature) must, bo cnlled extra natural visitations, lmvo over, nt tlio trying moment, experienced the slightest agitation of fear. Tlio infer ence is that tie witnesses themselves ore — albeit unconscious of the fact— inti mately concerned in tho production of those phenomena which they have beon hi-herto dis-, posed to iiltributo to influences entirely inde pendent of their own bodily and mental organisation.— All the Year Bound, Man Cut in Two nkau Kv'nkton.— A frightful accident occuTod yotrrduv niornii g, near Kynoton. It seems that 11 loaded 1 ri in oflruoks wns coming up tho line, between Kynetcn and Mulmsbury, ivltcn by some ineanH the guard or ir.au in charge slipped und fell olfion tho rails, tho trucks passing, and, us wo aro| informed, literally cutting him in half. Of oourso dentil was instantaneous. The remains wero gathered up, und tire train re turned- to ICyneton with lhe.ii- mc'uncho y load. Tlio deceased man, as we aro Jul uruou, had a wife and family resident at "Wborieiid, and hail boon .engaged for some time on Aha lino. — Mount Alexander Mail, Geatitude. — There is not 11 more pleasing exercise of the -mind than gratitude. It, js accompanied with such inward satisfaction tlint tire dutyris suflliiently reu'iirded by tie performntioe. (It is nor, liko tire praeiico oc many other vi.tues, difficult und puiuful, b it attended with bo much pleasure thai a grno- rous mind would indulge in it for the 'natural gratification that uccbinpanics it. Air. Gluidter, in his report of ilia balloon accent fr tu Sydenham r.-n the 3llth July, says that j tbo test r.eono papers were not coloured. Nor - was there any ozone noticed in the ascent from . Wolverkami- ton. 