THE NARRINYERI, OR TRIBES OF THE LAKES AND LOWER MURRAY, Worship of the Dead, — Narrinyeri point out several stars, and say that they are deceased warriors who have gone to heaven (Wyirre- warre). There are Wungare, and Mepalle, and the Manchingga, and several others. Every native expects to go to Wyirreewarre after death. They also believe that the dead descend from thence, and walk the earth ; and that they are able to injure those whom they dislike. Consequently, men who have been notorious in life for a domineering and revengeful disposition are very much dreaded after death. For in- stance, there is Karungpe, who comes in the dead of night, when tho camp fire has burned low, and like a rushing wind scatters the dy ing embers, and then takes advantage of the darkness to rob some sleeper of life ; and it is considered dangerous to whistle in the dark, for Karungpe is especially attracted by a whis tle. There is another restless spirit — the deceased father of a boy whom I know well— who is said to roam about armed with a rope, with which he catches people. All the Nar rinyeri, old and young, are dreadfully afraid of seeing ghosts, and none of them will venture into tbe scrub after dark, lest he should en counter the spirits that are supposed to roam there. I heard some admirable specimens of ghost stories from them. In one case I re- member the ghost was represented to have set fire to a wurley, and ascended to heaven in the flame. The Narrinyeri regard the disapprobation of the spirits of the dead as a thing to be dreaded ; and if a serious quarrel takes place between near relatives, some of their friends are sure to interpose with entreaties to the contending parties to be reconciled, lest the spirits of the dead should be offended at unseemly disputes between those who ought to be at peace. The name of the dead must not be mentioned until his body has decayed, lest a want of sorrow should seem to be indicated by the common and flippant use of his name. A native would have the deceased believe that he cannot hear or speak his name without weeping. But the most direct way in which the rever ence of these people is shown for the dead is in their funeral ceremonies. When a man dies they conclude at once that sorcery has been the cause of the mournful event, and that either ngadhungi or miliin must have been practised against him. Millin is a different kind of sor cery from that described in a previous paper. The first night after a man has died his nearest relation sleeps with his head on the corpse, in order that he may be led to dream who is the sorcerer that caused his death. The next day the corpse is elevated on men's shoulders on a sort of bier called ngaratta. The friends of the deceased then gather round, and several names are called out to try if the mention of them produces any effect on the corpse. At last the nearest relative calls out the name of the person of whom he has dreamed, and then an impulse towards him on the part of the dead body is said to be felt by the bearers, which they pre tend they cannot resist, and consequently tbey walk towards him. This impulse is the sign by which it is known that the right name has been called out. The deceased, still lying on the ngaratta, is then placed over a slow fire for a day or two, until the outer skin blisters. This is removed with the hair, and all the apertureB of the body are sewed up. It is then rubbed over with grease and red ocbre, and set up naked on a sort of stage inside the wurley in a sitting pos ition, A great lamentation and wailing is made at this time by ail the relations and friends of the dead man. They cut their hair off close to the head, and besmear themselves with oil and powdered charcoal. The women besmear themselves with the most disgusting filth ; they all beat and cut themselves, and make violent demonstration grief. All the relatives are careful to be present and not to be wanting in the proper signs of sorrow, lest they should be suspected of complicity in causing the death. A slow fire is placed under the corpse, in order to dry it. The relatives live, eat, drink, and sleep under the putrefying mass until it is dried. It is then wrapped up in mats and kept in the wurley. During the time in which it is drying the female relatives relieve one another in weep ing before the body, so as to keep some woman always weeping in front of if. All this has very much the appearance of idolatry. The smoke rising round the red sitting figure, the wailing women, the old men with long wands, with a brush of feathers at the end, anointing it with grease and red ochre — all these contri bute to give one this impression of the whole scene. When anyone leaves the wurley where the body is for a few days, they are expected to stand before it, and weep and wail on their return. However they manage the requisite amount of crying I never could imagine. For one minute a woman will appear in the deepest agony of grief and tears ; a few minutes after, the conventional amount of weeping having been accomplished, they will laugh and talk with the merriest. I feel persuaded that fear has more to do with most of these exhibitions than grief. But the spirit of the dead is not considered to have been appeased until his relatives have aven ged his death. They will kill the sorcerer who has caused it if they can catch him; but generally they cannot catch him and often do not wish to. Most probably he belongs to some other tribe of the Narrinyeri. Messengers pass between the tribes relative to the affair, and the friends of the accused person at lost formally curse the dead man and all his dead relatives. This constitutes a ' casus belli.' Arrangements are forthwith made for a pitched battle, and the two tribes meet in company with their respective allies. The tribe to which the dead man belongs weep and make a great lamentation for him, and the opposing tribe gets some fellows to dance about and play antics in derision of their enemies. Then the whole tribe will set up a great laugh by way of further provocation. If there is any other cause of animosity between the tribes besides the matter of avenging the dead there will now be a pretty severe fight with spears. If, however, the tribes have nothing but the dead man to fight about, they will probably throw a few spears, indulge in considerable abuse of each other, perhaps one or two will get slightly wounded, and then some of the old men will declare that enough has been done. The dead man is considered to have been appeased by the efforts of his friends to avenge his death by fighting, and the two tribes are friendly again. In such a case the fighting is a mere ceremony. Tbe hair of the dead is spun into a cord, which is made into a headband, and commonly worn by men. They say that thereby they smell the dead, and that it makes their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight they are enabled to see the spears coming, and either to parry or avoid thein.- S. A. Register.' English Summers. — The highest temperature in tbe summer of this year at any of the 60 sta tions from which the Registrar-General receives returns was 89'5 deg., which was reached at Cam den Town in August. Last year the highest tem perature was 81 (leg., which waa attained at Whitehall, and so early as the month of May ; in 1859, 94 "4 deg. at the same place in July ; in 1858 97 deg. at Bedford iu June; in 1857, 93 deg. at Worcester, also in June. From watering places included in these returns of the weather we learn that 75 deg. was the highest reading this summer at Ventnor, 775 deg. at Fairlight (Hastings), and 81 deg. at Worthing, all in June; while in the north the greatest heat at Scarborough waB 75 deg., ani at Llandudno 72'3 deg., both in Au gust. The mean temperature of tho three sum mer monthB of June, July, and August at the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, was 61.1 deg. in 1856, 64 deg. in 1857, 62 5 deg. in 1858, 64'3 deg. in 1859, 56'7 dog. in I860, and 61 deg. in 1861\. The average of the last 90 years is 60. This summer a truly tropical rain fell at Rose Hill, near Oxford, on the 25th day of July, 2-9 inches in about eight hours. The Scotch Farmer soys — Iu ail the best potato growing districts the crop, as a whole, is a sad wreck. On the rioli black loams in in the north and weBt of Scotland — mora espe cially those in the neighbourhood of the towns, and which were highly manured — the disease appeared early. A cavalry regiment having been raised in New York city, of which the majority were of the Jewish faith, a Rabbi had applied for the chaplainship. The Secretary of "War replied that the Act of Congress only allowed the ap - pointment of chaplains who belonged to " some Christian denomination"; the restric tion is generally condemned, and public opinion demands that at the ensuing Session of Con- green the Act be modified in a liberal eensot 