i DUMONa COURT. I Briars Messrs. Caldwell and Murphy.. TRO oani-s of assault, and one threatening .langnag«, between Elizabeth Nutt against Kate Boulanger, «rere postponed lill Wednesday on'.. George A. Davis appeared on the Information ol John Fritohard, oh.irged with obtaining goods und r false pretenoes. It waa proved tbat the defendant w>nt to Pritobard's on the 1-lih instant, and p,arohased thirty balea of bay,for a Mr. George Chard. The bf j. was to bs delivered on Chard's order.. It waa delivered on tba 16th, on an order not signed by Chard, or by anyone, but merely an order .for tbe delivery ot bay purohasod by DJVIB for Cbaid, Tba hay was taken to-Chard'.* atora, aed tba aocount was sent ia to bim; and although the plaintiff: swore posi'ively that Chard said be knew nothing about it and repudiated the aaoonnt,. Chard bims'-lf swore that be bad authorised Pavia lo ¿uv and sell for him, and o'ver lopod ated tho aoaount. jE20oi the amoun (Í.U3 IO-). Gd.}.was psid two dayB before the summous. waa taken nut, £tl. 10s. on tba day it was sworn, an ? thebalanoo btd ainoe brien paid and received by the prosecutor. Case dismissed. Mr. Cai roi I appeared /or the defendant. SYNOD, OF AU rsuu.-The Synod of Australia oom i minced their annual sittings yestrr-'ay, at Si. Andtew's Church. Tbe Bari Alexander M'Ewen, the retiring moderator, preoobed an icnpreHnive sermon on the vision ! of tba apostle Joi n, described in R-telations i, 19,13 . Ine Redeerrer walking in the midst of the eeven golden candlesticks. After explaining tbo use of symnols in the old and new Tirstsmmis, and setting loith the special dtaign > of. Ibo seven golden oandlealloks, as representing the Heven oburohes of Asia, the preacher applied Ihn IABHOOS derived from tnis vision to Christian ohnrohes generally. The differonoe between tbe one candlestick with Brven branabd», detorlord in the book ol Exodos, ard th^sestvrn oandlesiiaktt, was suggestive of tbe difiérenos between the post and present di-prosa* lions, trae religion having in Judaism been iden'Jflcd with national unity, bat now having many oenlri-s vf organi- aiion and aotion. .All, however, are enlightened j and blesaed from tbe aime souroe, the " light of tbe I world," tba Son of Ood. Tbs duties of Obiiitlan Oburohes, as tcoBe who are enlightened and warmed I wltb tba beams of the " Min of righteousness" »ere nrged by way of ap-llootion ; th« missionary oharaater of th« obarahes was enioracd, and they were exhorted to retient the light they reoeived, and diffuse it through the dark plaaee of the eaifi. The sermon being oon oluded, the synod was oonstituted by prtje-, and tba roll oalled. There wore about fourteen uluisters present; others are expected dally. The synod then prooi>eded to the oleotion of a moderator for the enduing year, and their choice foll on tb» Rev. Thomas Craig, of Parra- matta. Alter sorna preliminary arrangements for tho business of the sittings, the synod adjourned until even* lng, wnen they met ag«in for devotional exeroises, wblob wera conducted by tho lUve. A. M'Eweo, X. B. Loughton, and J. Dougall. The synod meotB again this morning at ten, In St. Andrew's Church. VioiontA TfiEATnn.-Sbaksperc's '» Hamlet" w»s re peaiud last evoking, and the roproontation of this oburanter again proved beyond doubt the truth of our asaerlions that this is undoabtedly Mr. Barry Sullivan's mest genial und artistio tfl'jrl ; and, indeed, that in this abaraater we bavo seon no one equal to bim in tba southern hemisphere. If bia reading ha9 a faolt, it is that it appears, if anything, too stu .ltd-the olooution is more regarded than the oratory (wltb a suparabun danoo of which we are usually aflliatud by aotots of leas Bole), ond the endeavour to make bis understanding"of the maiter-creiitlon palpadlo seems lo oaot a sll hi shadow ovnr tbe stage i-flVot. Bat these ure faults decidedly on the tight »id;, and sirve to show tba talent and mind of 'the seor. Wo have before onterod so fully into Mr. Sullivan's eonoepticn and rendering of thiB oharaoter, that we might well dispense with any fnriher remarks; butas new beauties are always discovered by tho Sbaknpore at evory fresh perusal, so in each recitation by Hamlet's present representative, some new point of interest is observable. Be pourtrays with great skill tbe cnlgmati oil oharactnr ot ibe D minti prince, sod óoovinoee those Who «rb not aff-ttid by his conduct that he IB only feigning madness. Tho air of oausiio wit with whiob Hamlet deosives those wbo aro sent to ie?ott on the state of his reason is a-sumcd with just sufficient asperity to deativo thane he wishes merely by bis nnwolcotiO truths. We could find many postages to' show ' the eleganoe of Mr. Sullivan's readiog, but it ls saarooly ptaclioable I in ibe limits' of this notice. Next to Barnier, Mr. Warn i's Ghost is the most notiieable performance, despite a little roughness : ibo traveller, arrived from tho bourne, from wblob Hamlet'* pbiloBopby proolaims tint there ia uo return, appears even to bim as a deception, alter it has passed from bis Bight, Tbe Quean of Mrr. Pjolo presents al«o very obaraoterlstia features: dignity, remorse, fear, e yrapothy,-ooah in its turn reaeives due regard at the bosds ol ibis lady. The other oharaotets have previously reoeived their duo meed of praiB». This evening tho admirablo oomedy of "Tho Wonder" will bo given as Ibe first performance, to be SUOjeeded by the cíaselo tragedy af " Medea," LYCEUM TITÉAME.-A. neo drama, entitled ' Ti fa in the South " waa p oenti-d tor the finit limo last evening to o very foll hon SP, and ii is liki-ly to oontlnuo io atlroot very large audiences; for lhere U throughout the plot a oonstant Bucoumion of lifelike end o maning incidents, without any of the terrifying melodrt matta horrors that aoiiBtl'ute a main foaluts in modern stories adupted for the Bieg.', The outline, of the story ia aa follows :-A Ut. Le Ni.ir, in 3ouib Carolina, diee, leaving the whole of bia fottuuo to an infant daughter, Capitol» (Misa Qotigenboim.) His brother. Colonel Le Noir, in order to obtain the property, endeavours to make away with Ibe child, whian in Bared by aa old uegroset, wbo carries her off to No« York, and for a timo supports her, but failing in tbi i, returns to Carolina to procure justice for tba girl. Oapltola, loft to horself, is at a IOBS for the meanB of existence, so; s that the nowsb' ya of tbe " Bowity " aod " Ana.street" make a good living by literature, dons their costume, and crios the " Second edition of the Beratil," unfortu- nately, however, adopts tbo mannum, uuitoma, and language (witty, if not polite) ol tba New York Arabs. Her aap falli :g off ona day, her long hair, which aha had neglected to trim, flows down over ber Shoulders, she is Been by a policemen, marobed off to " The Tombs," and brought before "their worsbipp.** Bäo re« lates ber eitnplu story," truly founded on facie, and ie claimed by a listeuor, M jor Warfield, " OH Hurrf. oine," as he is onl.ed (Mr. Barry), »ho, having been in* formed in his oapuoiiy of magis rats by tbe old negress, of tho pesttioti of Oopltolo, hurtles off, witb Southern generosity to claim and protect ber, and her life is honoeforth passed on tba pim. tallon, of which sba beaomcB ibo lifo anrt joy-though raihcr a boisterous one-to tbs daligbt of tho " niggard," [¡DB abo finds it difficult to throw off lier New York " rowdyism." This is tho major premiss of Ibo dramatic proposition. The minor points are a love incident between Capitela and Horben (a prouse of tho Major), whiob of course ends happily; the Wij ir himuelf bas a diaoarded wife (Miss Fauny Morgan) nod son, tho former having been entrapped into nn upparcnt liaison with Ii-Noir, bu" nltimatily romtns at the drrjouetnent. Xe Noir likewise employa " Blaak Donald," (Mr. Bur.'ord-who does tbe C'ámitu part of tho business in bit grand st style,) to entrap Capitula, but is Lltnself caught by her. From these aimplo mutet lois n really interesting and very amusing entertainment ID for med, but willoh weald be impravod by oarlaifmrnt. Miss Gougonhcim is tho lite of tbe pieoe in every scene t end her efforiR are ably neoooded by the actors ob JVO. tn on Honed, OB also by Mr. F. Younga and Mr. S. Howard, as two genuine darkies. AB tho piooo ia announced for some evenings, wo bare given a more outline, and shall bara an oppor. tunity of reonrring to it oo a in turo occasion. TEETOTAL MEETINGS, MOONI KBIIIA, WorxotmoNo. Tho advocates of temperauoe have beun exerting them- selves to form » tolol absllDonooaoolety on Minni Keira, and for Ibis purpose two mooting! nave already been held-the former on Saturday, Oolober lilli, and tbe lat. lor on Ibo Salli instant. On tbo former oooaslcn Mr. J. W. Ball oooupiod tho «hair, and several gentlemen, among «bom was tho Bov. Mr. Mell, of Newtown, ad dressed the mooting, whloa was a numerous and attentive one. At- tba oonoluslon seventeen pur sons oumo forward and took the pledge. On Saturday last, Mr. M. Hobson, jun., presided, ond very efleotive ?ddresaoa were delivered by Messrs. B. Perts, J, TV. Ball, W. Fincham, W. Hobson jun., W. Capowcll, and Bev. Mr. Mell. At the ooaolualon ol the meeting, which waa a vary oh thuslaatio one, nineteen , more oame for- ward and signified their intention to ecBtaln from intoxi. eating beverages j making ? a total of thirty, six tinao Saturday fortnight. Tba following officers were elected i President, Mr. IV. Pinobatn; soorotary, Mr. J, W. Ball; oommlttoe, Messrs. T. Vardy, W, Hobson, jun,, W. Capo* well, li. Perkfi and M. Hobson, aeeior. lt is intended lo call tho scold-"The Illawarra Total- Abstinence SooJety." SaIHS fB.Uni.B.S' AJIMO«, tetSuOI, TXBTITAL.-- Th* annual (tapirai oi Hie Sr. B.ruaba.' Snho. i »u> neu brafed yesterday, by a «team f *pnr-ton to W lion's B .T, in that magnificent steamboat Kembla. At bait pas' 8 o'clock, the childieo ««re drawn np> in lina) oat kid e tbe tohoo), where a number of omnib'isss- wi h the &v.; Tbomaa Smith and . brass band were in attendano', to * convey them bo the n'émet at Phaanïx Wharf. The nanal amount of bustle , prevailed amongst the Indy passengers,, wbo mustered ia targe majority,.thus rendering, die kata*) one of brilli- ance and real pleasure. At lulf-paai nine o'clock tba steamer pro ceded on ber trip »mid-»t loud cheers from tbe juveniles, and Safely landed between 800 and SOO passengers. When tbe iiîfr.'ieni p.'roon H present pro» needed to tba aides of lbs hill with several b.nnere, flag«» caa., tba sigh»of so many persons in their holiday attire», and all onxloos to enjoy a holiday BR pleasantly na they could was really delightful.. Tbs juveniles theo, commence* ranning, jiimpinar..skipping, and other,inno- cent amusements, for pris-a- given by their worthy pas-, tor, who exerted himself to tho utmost tn giv) pleaboxev to everyone. All seemed in tl.e er j >y ment ot olieerfnl, spirit i and bigb hopes;:-and why should ibey not t Sm that as it may, they, noon showed how.they could es j aw , a festival airoRS the water-some with old, others with new friends. Having partaken, of tbe good things they bad provided, they . amused themselves with several games. Ctiokst and, faotnaU being foremost arooBRHt' some,' while " drop- ' handkerchief " and dancing was tenor»d to hy. a good 'many ot tbe Broiling ones. Aeont balf.past flv.â. o'oloek tba signal to return won gi>-en, and the ohilCier,.having I «sn again supplied with cake end oiber eatableV» pro ee>ded on board tho Kembla, wbieb waa found tobe adrift on tbe sand and with very little probability of , getting free for soma time. H.iwevtr, the steamers Rapid ann Herald were at once called into .r.qolBit ion and safely landed all I be passengers beiûre ll o'clock, who returned to their renpective home».quilo satbfied with the day's amusement. Nothing occurred to mac tba pleasures of the day only the liuls. citcumstecoa . rthnve mentioned. 