BEATING ABOUT THE BUSH. (From Chambers.) DURING a six years' checkered experience of Austra- lian life, in the course of which I turned my head and hand to sundry and very different callings, the hap- piest time, I think, I had was a year I spent as tutor in the bush. To be sure, a hundred a year did not seem much, when a few weeks before I had been making five times that sum in Sydney; but then, as a few days before I obtained my appointment, I had been making nothing, wandering about by day, hard up for a meal, a nobbler, and a pipe, and more than once couching at night in the damp grass of the Domain, or finding a drier bed in the silvery sand of Rose Bay, with a bundle of shrivelled sea- weed for my pillow, I was exceeding glad of that hundred, I can assute you, and of the board, lodging, and wash- ing that accompanied it. My employers were kind-hearted and considerate people; my jolly little pupils --mirabile dictu in Aus- tralia--were not saucy, although they were high- spirited; a pleasant family lived at the nearest station to ours; and if inclined I could go over, out of my short school-hours, as often as I liked, unquestioned and uncriticised, to the nearest township, and there foregather with the roystering Irish clerk of petty- sessions, and the jovial spirits-- owners and superin- tendents of stations round the town--whom his never- failing fund of jest collected about him in his own hospitable home, or in one or other of the taverns, whose large number was altogether out of proportion to the scanty population of the weather- boarded little place. I had the run of two or three acres of delicious grapes; and peaches were so com- mon that, from the boughs of the standard tree, which \--when the cottage stood knee- deep in the green- mottled-with-brown-black leaves, and fragrant bosses of blossom of the white clover—blushed like sunlit snow, and buzzed all day long with the cheerful hum of the black and steel-blue flies, and the brown busy bees—I used to pluck the luscious globes of bloomy rose-pink and gold to pitch into the yawning mouth of a huge China sow, big and unwieldy as a little hip- popotamus, which, as long as the peaches lasted, was sure to waddle up as soon as, with a jug of sugar- beer, or a pannikin of cold tea by my side, I had seated myself in my rocking-chair on the brick floor of the verandah to have a smoke. Did we want to brew punch at the house, we had only to step across its railway platform-like planked verandah, and pull as many lemons as we needed from the tree which grew beside it, to add their delicate flavour and fragrance, and floating discs of palest gold, to the sweetened dilution of home-distilled grape- brandy, white as water, but strong almost as pure alcohol. Did I want to pull sculls instead of lemons, there was a "cot" always at my service on the creek; there was fishing-tackle, if I felt disposed to angle; there were guns, if I wished to shoot, and birds and 'possums galore to be shot, if I could but manage to hit them. As for riding, if, excelling all recorded circus-exploits, I could have ridden two dozen horses at once, Bob, the Yorkshire groom and local jockey, for whom the owners of local racers fought--Harry, the "native" horsebreaker, who didn't understand piloting race-horses, but would sit a buck-jumper that had barely "had the tacklings on," with a coolness that made Bob open the eyes with astonish- ment, and frankly acknowledge his infe- riority--or George, my slim eldest pupil, as good as any man, when mounted on a stanch, on- heels- turning stock-horse, with his idolised stock- whip in his hand for cattle-in- driving purposes--any of these three would gladly have run up my multitu- dinous stud from the flat on which six times that number grazed. But now I must make a humiliating confession. Short-sight--of course, not lack of skill \--prevented me from caring much about shooting, and I blazed away thirteen times at a 'possum, which never moved, without doing it the slightest injury. I had a dim recollection of having been able to ride when a child; but long residence in large cities, with small means, had deprived me of the power of witching the world with noble horsemanship. During my tutorship, I was almost daily on a horse, and, in the first portion of it, almost daily thrown from the same. At length "the cove," to render in Australian the English slang of "the governor," gave orders that no unmanageable animals should longer be sup- plied me by my practical joke-loving mounters. A pretty but lazy bay mare—a good un to look at, but a very bad un to go—on which had been bestowed the appropriate name of Creeping Jenny, was set apart for my especial use, and very religiously was my right to her respected, since no one else on the station would condescend to ride her. On Creeping Jenny I used to jog to the township and back, and potter about in the bush, losing my way in five cases out of six, for, though I rather pride myself on my organ of locality when it has to be exercised on masonry, I never found it of any service to me in the monotony of the Australian woods. "You're sure you know your way, sir?" said George, with a roguish smile, as he took down the slip-panels for me. With saddle-bags distended with books, I was bound to a station nine or ten miles off, the manager of which was a liberal lender of litera- ture, and had promised me a return-cargo, including the third and fourth volumes of Macaulay, which had just reached our part of the colony. I had been to the station three or four times under George's guidance, and felt certain that I could get thither and back alone. I answered somewhat grandiloquently to that effect, tried to crack a stock-whip I had borrowed from him, but only succeeded in stinging my face and tying myself up into a bundle with the twining lash; and then, to avoid further inspection by the grinning George, galloped as fast as Jenny would consent to go down to the swampy hollow, in the centre of which there was a tolerably big lagoon, one of a "chain of ponds," most of which were then dried up. It was a scorchingly hot day. The locusts chattered on the trees like myriads of shipwrights hammering on the sides of iron vessels, and the tree trunks were dotted with the ghost- like exuviæ they had shed. Butterflies as broad-winged as sparrows flaunted their gold- bedropped black velvet. The mosquitos rose and fell, and crossed in a shimmering chaos-like fountain- jetB. Under the shade of a "plump" of rushes, a black snake floated in the tepid water of the lagoon. At its further end, two black, swans—not raræ aves in Aus- tralia—paddled hither and thither in languid pride. They rose when I "cooeyed," and passed over my head discoursing low sweet music, their snowy pinion-plumes beautifully setting-off and being set off by their jet-black bodies. A cloud of velvety wild-ducks also startled by my cry, sprang from the water with a splashing splutter, but after a short flight, dropped suddenly into the lake's fringe of reeds and tea-tree. The king-fisher, sporting, like an old-fashioned Whig, a plum-blue coat and buff waist- coat, zigzagged across the sunlit, daily shallowing sheet. For the first time in my life I saw a native companion wild--indeed, three of those curious cranes. The cock's warning trumpet-blast called my attention to the trio, clad in light blue like that which some of the French cavalry regiments wear, taller than many French infantry soldiers, striding away as fast as their long legs would carry them. I topped the further edge of the hollow, and rode over an arid, sparsely grassed, red-soiled level. Great ant-hills, swarming with great black ants, dotted it like boils. On one lay the skeleton of a snake--every bone picked clean--bleaching in the sweltering sun- light, which gave a strange, dream- like aspect to the vistas of white-boled or ragged-barked trees, with leaves of the hue of a ship's copper after a long voyage, that checkered the ground with a mere sham of shade. Charred, jagged stumps of trees diver- sified the scene, and felled trees, over which Creeping Jenny, thinking, perhaps, that it would be more trouble to go round them, mustered up energy enough to leap-- generally obtaining, through her unwonted activity, an affectionate embrace from her rider, prone upon her neck. One bit of scrub the splendid crimson of the peony-like waratah glorified; about it a flock of tiny pheasant-wrens, not so big as many humming- birds, flittered and twittered. Twittered and ran, too, right and left, the beautiful little diamond sparrow of the pœcil plumage --gray and black, white and yellow, sprinkled with blood-red. The large spotless-white and glossy-black Australian magpie flirted its head and tail, and fluted its rich but few-noted melody on all sides of me. The big Australian crows paraded, croaked, and winked with a wicked solemnity, north, south, east, and west of my progress--well aware that I carried no gun; doubtless, also, well aware that if I had been armed, small harm could have come to them. I saw, moreover, that ornithological swell, the bronze-wing pigeon, puffing out his gleam- ing breast, and preserving his balance by flaps of the burnished wings, to which he owes his name, as, swaying on a branch, he pecked at a wild cherry clasped beneath his claw. King-parrots, looking, not- withstanding the dignity of their name and the splen- dour of their hues, somewhat flunkey-like in their green coats and red vests and breeches; flocks of blue-mountainers, that "seemed to a fanciful view " shreds of a rainbow just blown out of the sky, as they swept across the sunshine; red lowries, green lowries, lighting up the shade with ruby and emerald, that appeared to burst into flame when they, too, darted into the full blaze of light; groups of crimson-polled rosellas, with variegated bodies like charged palettes, chatting and pecking on the ground, ground paroquets, green paroquets, and lovely little budgereeghas—birds that seem almost too delicately graceful for this world, strays from Fairy Land, their satiny pea- green streaked with velvety black and golden-yellow, golden their tiny heads, and their cheeks spotted with violet beauty-patches--dazzled the eye with their plumage and deafened the ear with their screams. Lithe little lizards, with glittering eyes and scales, basked, scampered, and peered on the charred or sun-cracked ash-gray logs. A great brown fellow lazily raised himself on a trunk I was going to leap, and opening his ugly gulf of a mouth, literally made faces at my startled mare. A far bigger one, a hideous iguana, scuttled up a gum-tree, when the sound of Jenny's hoofs disturbed his day- dream. I always thought of a crocodile in a con- sumption, or a crocodile's wraith, when I saw an iguana. There was something very uncanny in the look of the big-mouthed, long-tailed, desiccated reptile watching your movements with its inscrutable unwinking gaze. A canter over a stretch of undulating ground lightly dotted with trees, like an English park, and covered with short grass, dried almost to the slipperi- ness of ice, brought me to the end of the first stage of my journey--a slab- hut, roofed with loose sheets of bark, clumsily connected with an ill-built brick fireplace and chimney. This was the head quarters of two flocks, and I had been commissioned by "the cove" to leave a message for one of the shepherds with the hut-keeper in case I managed to find out the hovel. Very proud to think that I had done so, I looked about for this fellow, an old Irishman, much given to mythologise, and found him hot in argument with a certain Yorkshireman, who had long ago been transported for poaching, but who, at the time I speak of was paid by the settlers in the district to wander about with his gun, and rid the neighbour- hood of dingoes. The two old fellows, clad in blue serge shirts and dirty moleskin trousers, were squatted on the floor of the hut, smoking in rapid puffs, and angrily disputing. The barking and snapping of their dogs having at length drawn their attention to me, the Yorkshireman claimed me for an umpire. A water-melon which he had brought to the hut, had, in conjunction with some rum (also of his importa- tion), proved the apple of strife. Paddy having got jolly on his friend's grog—meanwhile cooling his throat with pink and white gores of his friend's melon--had begun to abuse, after the manner of Irishmen who have received a favour, his Yorkshire acquaintance as a stingy, cowardly Sassenach, as also, to brag of Ireland's "shuparioritee" to the rest of the "univarse." Yorkshireman, after the manner of his countryman, being more given to respect facts than phrases, had pointed to the crescents of green rind, speckled with yellow, which littered the floor, and asked Paddy whether the colony didn't beat Ireland in melons. Paddy had replied that "milons, and poin- apples, and sush-loike" were in Ireland "plinty as the praties." On this point issue had been joined. My adverse judgment gave dire offence to Paddy. "Were ye iver in Ireland?" he asked. I confessed that I had never crossed St. George's Channel. "Thin, what can the loikes of shush as you know about Oireland?" he triumphantly exclaimed, recovering good temper enough to receive my message. I, in return, was commissioned by the Yorkshireman to "tell t' measter" that a calf of his had been killed by "ould Grab-an'-hookit," a noto- rious native dog, which had long baffled the York- shireman's destructive skill; but that the robber, kenspeckle by his great size and loss of one ear, having been seen loitering in the neighbourhood, and the remnants of the mangled carcass having been dosed with strychnine, a faint hope might be enter- tained that the cunning old felon's hours were numbered. I had unusual luck, and after half an hour's further ride, hit the creek at the proper crossing-place for the station to which I was bound. There, a few hundred yards off, were the house, and the huts, and the barn, the wool-shed, and the empty stock-yard, silently baking in the sunlight. A loud barking of dogs brought out the superintendent from a carouse with a friend, who, like myself, had just happened to drop in upon him. He carried my saddle-bags indoors for me, and a merry little black fellow, with an almost bald, glossy head, exactly the shape of a Dutch cheese, led Jenny off to the stables. In a minute or two, I had been introduced to the other chance visitor, and was seated in a darkened room before a table lit- tered with pipe ashes and cheroot stumps, and laden with a porous-clay water- monkey, wine-glasses, tumblers, spirit decanters, and black bottles of the Australian wine, for the making of which mine host was famed; and certainly it was a very different tipple from the atrocious vinegar which Australian publics generally sell under its name. I have not a very distinct recol- lection of what occurred during my sojourn in that darkened room; I vaguely remember that my fellow guest was a very funny fellow, and told droll stories of life in the real bush, the squatting districts. He was exceedingly facetious in his enumeration of the various uses to which "squatters' cement" (that is, green hide) might be put. The way in which, with a lasso of it, he had noosed and dragged from his horse, without being seen, a fresh-coloured unsophisticated young pastor—known as the "English Rose" and "Daisy" —on his first appearance at a far-off station in the course of a "propagation" tour amongst the white heathens, this swarthy young "native" gentleman of the bronzed, battered "cabbage-tree" ap- peared to consider a display of humour by the side of which Theodore Hook's best Doings as well as Sayings would look poor indeed. Now, it is by no means unpleasant to hear of tricks played on others, but it is not so satisfactory to suspect that the narrator intends, if possible, to perpetrate them upon yourself. From the assiduity, however, with which my native friend urged me to drink and to mix my liquors, I began to suspect that he was devising some practical joke for my own benefit. A roguish look in the drink- inflamed eye of the superintendent showed me, too, that I must expect rather hindrance than help from him in resisting the "rise" that was evidently to be taken out of me. Accordingly, I resolved to attempt a retreat before I was quite "overtaken." I emptied my saddle-bags, and reminded my host of his promise of fresh books, adding that I must be off at once. He would not hear of my going so soon-- Macaulay I should not have for hours to come. Well, then, I said, I must go without him. I rose and walked to the door, but the "cornstalk" got there before me, and stradeled across the doorway, swearing thickly and saucily at English milksoppishness. This was too much, even for a quiet fellow like myself to bear; so I made a butt at the tall young gentleman, sent him sprawling rather by mere impetus than science, and then made a bolt for the stables. I ex- pected soon to be followed, but, to my astonishment, was allowed to buckle on the empty saddle-bags, to slip on the bridle, to lead out, and mount my mare in peace. When I trotted toward the crossing-place, I discovered the reason of this quiet: in the nar- rowest part of the hollowed road leading down to the creek, through which Creeping Jemmy was not game enough to charge, even had I liked to ride down a man who, whatever his motives might have been, had just given me plentifully of his best, stood the superintendent and his friend in tipsy wrath prepared to dispute my passage. I jerked Jenny's right rein, made her scramble up the right bank of the hollow road, and commenced a canter parallel with the creek. A shout of mocking laughter from my tormentors greeted this manœuvre. They knew, and thought I knew (but I didn't), that owing to the rottenness and precipitous- ness of the banks, there was not another crossing-place for twelve miles, and that the creek trended away to the east so sharply before it made an elbow and re- turned to the neighbourhood of our house, that I should be many miles away from home before I could cross the water on the course they imagined I had only shammed to take, and that, therefore, they had only to wait a little while to catch me. On and on, however, I rode, in a dreamy state of consciousness, but keeping as near to the creek as the scrubby nature of the ground would allow me. I was almost myself again by the time I came to the cross- ing-place above referred to. The sun was sinking, dyeing a distant range of hills in gold and silver- shot mauve. A flock of cockatoos flecked a stray purple thunder-cloud with snow, as they flew screaming to their roost, a sombre she-oak, dipping its long-tressed branches into a deep pool of greenish brown. When the birds dropped upon the gloomy tree, it seemed suddenly to burst forth in clusters of white blossom. As I rode by the tree, a few of the birds on the lower boughs serrated their sulphur crests and shewed the sulphur plumage beneath their wings, as with harsh complaint, they sulkily left their just-reached couches, and wheeled impa- tiently about the oak until I had got some way be- yond them. A long way off, a cloud of dust above the tree-tops told me that a flock of sheep were slowly seeking their hurdles, lazily cropping sparse grass blades as they went. In the creek floated a water- mole, looking very much like an empty porter bottle, and making me long for a draught of Guinness's stout. A nankeen crane, looking exceedingly clean, and cool, and West-Indian- planter-like in his suit of pure yel- low, stalked and croaked amongst a patch of reeds. Jenny would have crossed the creek, and taken me home that night, but I must needs trust my precious bushmanship instead of her instinct, and resolved still to follow the stream, believing that a mile or two ahead I should come to the shallow pool where our sheep were washed, within a hundred yards or so from my cottage. The evening darkened rapidly. The gray night-jar flitted about me, clamouring for "more pork! more pork!" but feasting on the huge night-moths, which also flitted around me on wings no more noiseless than those of their destroyer. The weird-looking flying-fox dropped from a high branch on its broad vans, almost brushing Jenny's nose. I heard but could not see the opossums scampering up and down the gum-trees. Their boles loomed uncer- tainly out of the eerie gloom which seemed to steam upwards from the aromatic scrub. I passed a deserted, dilapidated hut, from the hearth of which came the voice of a frog, mourning in solitude over the deso- lation--a melancholy Lar. From a swamp I skirted, came the voices of ten thousand frogs, croaking in chorus, and the curlew's cry, despairingly doleful, as the last wail for aid or mercy which the murderer's victim raises where there is none to help or pity. My fancies momentarily became more sombre. I had not the slightest idea of my whereabouts. Like the eye of a drowsy lion, the smouldering fire of some camped-out traveller or travellers sullenly winked in the distance. I steered towards it, but found myself cut off from it by a gully, down which Jenny refused to go. In vain I cooeyed; no one answered. At last I did what I ought to have done long before laid the bridle on Jenny's neck, and let her wander at her own sweet will. About midnight, however, I was so tired, that I determined to have a nap, so, taking off the saddle for a pillow, and slipping my arm through the bridle, since I had no hobbles, to prevent Jenny from straying, I stretched my weary limbs upon a dry hillock, and looked between the dusky branches up at the Southern Cross and the other golden globes floating in a sea of molten, intermingled pearl and jet. I fell asleep, but soon was awakened by Jenny's jerkings. Some half-dozen times this occurred, but at length "deep sleep" came upon me. This eventu- ally was troubled by a dream. Hanging from the sky, with anvils hanging from her heels, I saw Hera. A cord broke, and an anvil fell upon my breast, whilst the fragment of rope was changed into a boa-constric- tor, and crushed me in its coils. I awoke struggling \--fruitlessly, as a man, kneeling on me, informed me with an oath. He had securely pinioned me, and very coolly proceeded to rob me. He took my watch and chain, and the pound or two I had in my pockets; my boots, too, he pulled off and put on his own feet, quietly remarking: "Exchange is no robbery, mate," as he flung towards me a worn-out pair of his own. Next, he lugged me to a tree, and there securely "bailed" me "up." Then he caught, saddled, and mounted my mare—I could make her out dimly trotting round and round, and tripping herself up with the dangling bridle--and kindly advising me to keep my pluck up, crashed away through the scrub. A facetious felon, certainly! Half-scared, half-savage though I felt I could scarcely refrain from laughing at a Free Lance who was also so free and easy. In vain I writhed; my struggles only made the cords that bound me cut my limbs the more. Eagerly I longed for the morning, and yet half hopelessly, for might not days go by and yet no one pass the tree to which I was tied? When I thought of this, pitiless looked the stars gazing down on me, just as they did before. At last the dawn broke, and a dissonant burst of mirth startled the stillness of the fragrant morning air. Three big, brown, gaping, laughing jackasses, clumsy wretches, comfortably seated on a leafless bough, were making a mock of my misfortune. How I hated the hideous birds for their brutal hilarity! The landscape light- ened, and oh, blissful sight, I saw a man! A long, wild cooey brought the Yorkshire dingo-slayer to me, and of course I was soon freed from my bonds. The apathy with which the old man heard my story, how- ever, made me almost as angry as the laughing jack- asses' derision. Fondling the fur of a white wafered black native cat that he had killed, whilst I pulled on as well as my cramped arms and legs would per- mit me, the bushrangers' boots, which had lost at least half of their soles, and even the memory of blacking, the old fellow unconcernedly "guessed" that it must have been my cooey that he had heard the night before, when he was "too plaguey tired" to answer it; and added, that he had seen some time ago in the Sydney Morning Herald that "Brummagem Jim " had escaped from Cockatoo, and always ex- pected that he would "work back" to his old "lay." The Yorkshireman himself told "t'measter" about the mangled calf. Under his guidance--passing more than one flock spreading like a fan, in front of blue- bloused smoking shepherds; brood mares with colts, that seemed to walk on stilts, and herds of bellowing cattle--I at last got home, and recounted to an anxious audience my adventures. A few hours after- wards. Jenny came home unharnessed--"Brumma- gem Jim" had soon wearied of so slow a steed, but of course had kept the plated bridle and the capital colonial-made saddle; the empty saddle-bags my facetious friend had satirically strapped about her neck. George looked rather glum when he found that I had lost his stock-whip. A few days after- wards, my superintendent friend having heard of my mishaps, cantered up, sober and apologetic, to the cottage wherein I sat, amongst my boys, with Macau- lay, a bran new saddle, bridle, and stock-whip, and a request that I would get measured at his expense for a new pair of boots, and tell him how much my watch had cost, and what were the contents of my purse when plundered.--Peter 'Possum. 