THE LATEST THING IN GHOSTS. As I was finiahing'bTíakfaat-the other day, I received a viait from my -lend Parkina, who entered my room haatily, with aome papera in hia hand. " I've written a ghost tale," said Perkins, "and I want your opinion on it." , "I'll devote my morning pipe to you. 1 cant afford you any more time than that; BO hand me tne tobacco, and produce your spirit." And I filled a 1 pipe and assumed the critic. " The sun had set some two hours," began Pertana, " and dark night waa-" " One moment." I interrupted ; " ia it a tale of past or present times ?" > . " Present," answered Perkins. " Rather an old fashioned beginning," I observed. " However, fire away." "The sun had set some two houra,' resumed Perkins, firing-away, as directed, " and dark night was gradually extending her reign over field and fell,, when a traveller might be peroehed making hia way, SB well as the darkness would permit, through one of those immense German forests, the haunt of the wild boar and the wolf." . " What on earth was he doing there ?" I asked. " He had lost his way, of course," replied Perkins. " So I suppose," I said. " Travellers always do in ghost stories. But is this a tale at the present time : pardon mv inquiring where his luggage is ?" " He left it m the chaise," answered Perkins. ** Which had been overturned, and our traveller wished to get to the nearest town on foot. Is not that it?" " Of course" said Perkins, with'some irritation. " And in order to reach the nearest town he turns into the nearest torest." i !. "He thought he would take a short cut across country," explained Perkins. i " And after walking some distance he comes to an old castle,eh?" " \Vell !" said our author sulkily. " And, finding it uninhabited, he wraps his ample cloak around him, and goes to Bleep in a corner, does not he ?" ? " Yes," said Perkins, something surprised. " liut he is aroused from his sleep by the clanking of chains, and, on raising his head, perceives a figure standing in the doorway." t " Why, confound it !" said' Perkins, starting up indignantly, " you must have seen my manuscript." " Which figure, I continued, " raises its manacled arma above its head, and, clanking its chains together, utters a frightful cry. My dear fellow, this will not do, you know ; it won't indeed. This kind of spectre doth not suit the time. Modern readers must have modern ghosts." " Well ! but give it a fair hearing ; don't condemn it unheard," said the author. < " Oh ! read it. By all means read it," and I re- sumed my pipe, and he his story, which was much as I1 had anticipated. " Some two hundred years before the story opens, the lord of the castle, a man possessed of large property and all kinds of virtues, had been bar- barously murdered' by his nephew, who had not an acre of land, or a single virtue to bless himself with. When about to strike the fatal blow, this nephew, being a religious ruffian, prayed to his patron saint for aid, promising her a pair of candle- sticks, with snuffers and extinguisher, all complete, if she grarited him the assistance he needed. The blow was struck ; the rightful lord died, and the murderer inherited the property." Perkins takes this opportunity of remarking on the similarity between a vicious man and a nie in the cellar. "Open the cellar door and break the windows, and you will have the house 'on fire. Supply your vicious man with money, and all his vices blaze up at once. Our villain waa an in Btance of this. He raised his rents, turned out his tenants, insulted his neighbours, murdered peasants, ill-treated travellers, and forgot all about the candlesticks and his patron saint. But, of course, he was a miserable man all the while. The ghost of his murdered uncle stood nightly by his bed, reproaching him for his crimes, and comparing the vices of the murderer with the virtues of the mur- dered. For ghosts of this kind, when speaking of themselves, generally go upon the principle of Ve mortuii nil nui bonum. But the villain continued his reckless course, spite of ghost and everything else, till, at last, the public of the period could stand him no longer. They rose with one .consent; pulled his castle'about hir ears, slew his soldiers, hanged his steward (awful itcoundrel that steward), and, in fact, after the manner of publica in all ages, caught every- body except the man they went to catch. He was never seen afterwards, and none knew how he died, byt rumour said that hia spirit walked the scene of { hi« crime», and the ruined castle wa« avoided in con- I sequence. Well, our traveller, knowing nothing of all ? this, sees to sleep in the castle, is visited by the spectre, and compelled to follow it to the court- yard,' where there is an old well. The ghost recounts the above history, adds that till the' candlesticks, _c., as per now, are paid to the saint, it can never rest in its grave, points into the well, crying ' Search, search !' Then utter- ing a loud cry, it raises both hands above its head, and taking a regular header, like Mr. Bourcicault in the ' Colleen Bawn,' disappears into the abyss. The traveller goes to sleep instantly, and when he awakes in¡ the morning, finds that he has spent the night in the open air, andhaB got rheumatic pains all about him. Calling to mind his vision of the night, he leaves the castle, obtains the assistance of some pea- sants, returns, explores the well, and finds a skeleton and a chest of treasure. He buries the first, appro- priates the last, pays the ghost's debt to the saint, and the spectre never walks again. Now, you know, this will not do. Who is safe for an hour, it he is liable to have these antiquated ghosts let loobe upon him at any turn of a page ? Progress, as I said to Perkins, who, without even wishing me good morning, progressed to the door and banged it after him, progress is the word for ghost stories, as well as for everything else in these days, and since the ghosts of which the above is a specimen, the spit its have made immense progress. Ruined castles have given place to railway stations : trackless forests to the streets of cities ; and ghosts in armour are as much out of fashion as mail coaches. A modern spectre would no more think of dressing in blue armour and carrying a truncheon than a man of fashion would think of strolling down Poll Mall in bandais and a toga. I do not mean to say that the ghost of Perkins' wicked baron ought to have been dressed in a tail coat and pegtops, or, as he was a soldier, that he should have worn a modern uniform, and carried a revolver. No ! The fault was not in the ghost, who was in perfect keeping with the story, but in PeikinB, for ever writing the story at all. I am afraid my friend's educatien must have been grossly neglected, or he would have remembered fifty tales of exactly the same type as his own, < Time and custom have so changed not only the dress but the manners of the spirits, that to say So-and-So's ghost walks, would be no more strictly true than it is to say that the Great Eastern sailed on such a day. Such expressions are merely the relics of p«Bt customs, and that is all. Ships go by steam now-a-days, and so do ghosts. Time waB, too, when the boldest ghost that walked would shrink in haste away at the crowing of a cock ; but now the spirits care no more fer a cock than they do for a cart-horse. All the cocks in the parish might crow themselves hoarse before a modern ghost would budge an inch. An old-fashioned ghost on the tramp would come out with the stats, clothed " in his habit as he lived," and would station himself in a draughty corridor, or pace sentinel-like on a windy terrace ; or he would spend the night in walking up and down all the stairs in the house, going into all the uninhabited rooms, and moving the furniture ; or if he had any particular mis- sion, which was by no means the case always, he would accost his victim and command him to take up the front d6or step, or to prepare for death, or what not. At other times he would wail like a child, or groan like a dying man, or shriek like a woman ; but how- ever he was engaged, no sooner did " the cock that is the trumpet to the morn " " awake the god of day," than the spirit folded his mantle round him, and vanished, leaving the bird literally cock of the walk. Does our modern ghost do so ? Not he-or she. To sai e trouble about the sex, not it. It drives to a rail- way station in broad daylight, takes a ticket (first class ticket ; no ghost has yet been known to travel second), gets into a carriage, arranges, if a female, its I crinoline (Oh! shade of Hamlet's father! a ghost in crinoline !) borrows your Bradshaw, begs you to tell it how it can get to A-, is sorry to trouble you, but it cannot understand Bradshaw (another evidence of the inscrutable nature of that book : even the ghosts, who are generally supposed to understand things far beyond the comprehension of the living, even ghosts cannot make out Bradshaw), converses with you fluently on various subjects, and shakes hands with you affectionately at parting. Now that is a ghost of the very newest style. What a consola, tion it is to think that if we are haunted in these days, we shall have nothing more dreadful to encounter than a good-looking spectre of the female sex, who will not pain our ears" polite with any reference to its own peculiar position, but, on the contrary, will entertain us with a flow of conversation, so flattering to ourselves, and at the same time so credit ' able to its own intellectual powers (of course credit. I able to it, if flattering to tis), that when it yaniahe«,, .far from having any terrible recollection of the in-, ¡terview, we shall think of our late companion with feelings that have much more of love than horror in them. " ...., Still it must be confessed that a story of this kind has its advantages. * Ghosts are no exceptions to the truth of the old proverb, " Familiarity breeds con- tempt ;" and an author who allows his_ ghost to enter, into familiar conversation with its victim, and, even to eat in his presence, must be content_ to* lose in horror what he gains in origi-i nality. But to .frighten your reader is the great end and , aim of a ghost tale, and: everything ought' to give place to that;' so,\ describe with au the minuteness you please the wains- coted room, the dark cabinet, the old bed, and the oaken floor, with that extraordinary stain upon it ; but when the ghost enters, abandon" the pre Raphaelite style, paul him with no more distinctness than is absolutely necessary, and leave your reader s imagination to finish the picture. For instance : ..I awoke suddenly, fancying something touched my cheek. I looked round, but seeing nothing, I laid my head again upon my pillow, when, even as I did so, the curtain was . pulled on one side, and a face approached mine, a face so fearful-so utterly shock iog-oh ! to forget it would be easier than to describe it-and when shall I forget that 190k of unearthly misery ? &c.;" ' < That, from its very indefimteness, would be more likely to affect the reader than the following :- ' " I saw a fearful spectre standing by my bed. Ita hair was of a blood-red colour, and, unlike the hair of a living creature, stood straight up from its head. ItB eyes burned like fire, and the fire seemed to be differ- ently situitedïn each eye. Beneath one of them was a dark-blue mark. Its nose was slightly bent from the straight line, as if from a blow. Ita mouth, which was horribly deficient of teeth, was wide open, and its tongue moved violently from side to side, as if it had some difficulty in articulating. After groaning fearfully several times, this terrible vision addressed me in theBe awful words : ' Unaccustomed as I am,' &c.;" Terrible ! Not at all. Such a ghost as that would never frighten anvbody. And yet what more' would you haye ? Bloody hair ! fiery eyes ! distorted features ! marks of violence all about it ! How is it that the effect is rather absurd than otherwise ? The reason plain,enough. Your "vaulting ambition" to describe something intensely horrible hath o'erleaped itBelt, and you have fallen rather violently on the other, that is, the ridiculous side of the subject. But I am growing didactic. Take another example of the Ghost Story-one of the modern kind, though not with the very latest improvement. This, too, shall be an instance of the pantomime ghost; that is to say of the ghost that does its errand without the use of words. The spirits, I think, might be divided .very satisfac totily into the ghosts that speak, and the ghosts that do not »peak ; though, perhaps, after all, we might need another division for the especial accommodation of the ghosts that howl. But now for the pantomime ghost, You have a relation, we will suppose, on the other Bide of the world, and you are expecting him home ia about six months. (The relation is always expected shortly in these cases.) You are Bitting alone in your room, thinking of the pleasure it will afford you to shake your friend once more by the hand, and to hear again that long silent voice. With feelings half sweet, half painful, you try to imagine the changes that Time will have made in his face, and affectionately recall its every line and pimple. 1 As you thus sit " revolving many memories," you take out your watch, and while winding it up, you casually observe that it ia a quarter to one, a.m. (I say .casually, but the fact ia that you must be very particular about the time, as it is often of the last importance). You gape, stretch, recover yourself, and-there he is. There is your long-loBt relation sitting on the sofa. His face is pale -very pale. His eyes, expressing the deepest melan- choly-he used to have such merry eyes-are bent upon you. You observe that he has a white handkerchief tied round his left calf. You perceive, for nothing escapes you, the initials A. J. (not his initials) in one corner of the handkerchief, and you see that on one foot is a slipper, while the other wears a boot. When you can articulate, you gasp out, .' Why, George ! what is iha meaning of this ! How did you get here ?" The spirit shakes its head solemnly, points to the hand- kerchief, rises from the sofa, gazing at you fixedly all the time, and disappears. Now, if you understand ghosts-as everyone one ought to do by this time you grieve for your friend 'at once, and prepare your mourning. If you are incredulous, and disposed to attribute the vision to those oysters or that chop, you wonder for a week or nine days, and forget the inci- dent. But the necessary time* elapses, and the letter an ives. You recollect the ghost and break the seal, trembling. Your correspondent Alfred Jones, or rather Johnston, or so, informs you that it is with feelings, that he finds himself .totally unable to ex- press, that he takes the pen to send you word of the death of his friend and your kinsman, who was bitten by a snake in the left leg (that accounts for the hand- kerchief), on such a day, as he was preparing to retire for the night (that accounts for the boot and the slipper). Your correspondent did all in his power to avert the catastrophe, by binding his handkerchief (that accounts for the initials) round the wound, and shouting for the surgeon, but all was -vain. Your unfortunate relative died, regretted by all who knew him, at 12.46 a.m. (time to a minute)." Perhaps this kind of ghost has been worked harder than any other.' The man whom it represents has died all kinds of deaths. He has been drowned, hanged, peisoned, killed by tigers, killed by horses, killed by mad dogs ; the person whom it visits has been brother, cousin, of dear friend, over and over again ; and the place where it visits him a study, or a bedroom, or a church- yard ; any place, in fact, where there ÍB a clock or timepiece of some kind ; that is most necessary, for this ghost would be nothing at all if you did not time it. It certainly has done a great deal of work; nor is that strange, for it is useful, rather terrible, and easily adapted to circumstances. There is another kind of spirit that I cannot pasB without mention, and that is the ghost that returns to upper air because it has forgotten somethine;. This must not be confounded with the ghost of Perkins' "Baion," who was an enormous villain, with scores of other reasons for walking besides his vow to the saint ; and who, too, never intended to pay the vow. This is quite a different case. A man dies, owing money to his saddler, his hairdresser, and his tobacconist. You unfortunately happen to have been his friend, and he pitches upon you to pay his debts for him. Accordingly, one night he makes his appearance in your bedroom with his head thrust through a horse collar. You are naturally alarmed ; for to see a man grin through a horse-collar is bad enough, but to see a ghost do it must be terrible. As he refuses to speak, you have to gueBs at his reaBon for appearing in this extraordinary manner. After asking him a number of questions, you at last put the right one, and in- quire whether he owes money to his saddler. The spectre nods, grins one last ghastly grin, and disap- pears. The next morning you, of course, hurry off, pay the debt, and hope the spirit will disturb you no more. But at night he appears again, this time with a comb and a pair ef scissors in his hands, and walks about your room, dressing imaginary head», till you ask whether he owes anything to the barber. He nods and vanishes. ïou pay the barber. But the next night the spirit is with you again, and now he has a short pipe in his mouth. You do not detain him long, but grown wise "by ex- perience, mention the tobacconist at once, and he takes his leave for good. You rise in the early morn- ing, and hasten to pay the tobacco bill, hoping, not unnaturally, that the next friend of yours that dies will pay his other debts as well as the debt of nature ; but, at the same time, thankful that this " New Way to Pay Old Debts" did not run for more than three nights. There is another kind of ghost which I suppose must _be mentioned, though I am almost ashamed to do so. I refer to that eccentric spirit that rings bells, smashes crockery, sets the beer run ning, and performs other feats of the sort, equally useless and absurd. Ghosts, in general, have a purpose in their visitations. They walk to expose cnmeB, to reveal secrets, to give warnings, or to bring intelligence ; but this one has neither end nor aim in what it doe«. It ii evidently the ghost of a practical joker condemned to be perpetually playing the same pi anks that were ita delight in life. Its form is never seen ; its voice is never heard, but it is constantly engaged in making people uncomfortable. It is the most contemptible of spirits, as, when alive, it must have been the most contemptible of men. However I venture to hope that we shall never hear of this spirit again. It would show a great lack of originality in anyone who made use of it, and originality in ghost tales is very easy to get. AU you have to do is to imagine some very unlikely position for a ghpst to be in, and to put him into it. For instance, a ghost in a balloon, or a ghost under water, or a ghost shaving himBelf would, if I mistake not, be all of them new. Here, now, is 9 skeleton of a ghost-itory, which I flatter myself is entirely original. , Mr. 8., (initia-, of cowrie, For some*«««<»o* 1 other initU may do t__gift»t names may Wfe TO« oublie allow Mr. 8« to-"*,««- and àonethM«», which.'tf Msigned to Mr. Smith, they- worud Meet' _g «Xf/UonaWe sea, fide town of ^fog one- morning Mr. S. receives a letter homJM friend B., requesting Mm to come without/to«** a moment, to L,, wnere B. is lying m Hera« the «host," think the public ; . B. ia XbB ghost?" À false scent is rather »/judicious thing in a ghost tale. The public are mistaken. B. will Uve ffr fifty years longer, very likely ; at any rate, h* ghost wUl not walk in this story. In due course, S. Appears at B.'B house, and witnesses the will,^Tat ewt it may be, for which he was wanted. WhUe,he is at dinner, the servant I. brings him .a telegraphic message. It U from Mrs. 8.-" Return at once-I have fallen over the cliff." S. is in great agitation - ; returns by the night-train. When he reaches his I 'house, M., the housemaid opens the door for him. I " Oh ! is that you, sir ? Poor Missis' has fallen over the cliff." * ."",.. v o» " Well, I know that," cries S. ; " how is she ? "Lor,,sir," replies M., "she's been dead ever Binée." ' " . y Dead !" gasps S., " why did you not say so when you telegraphed ?" " I never sent no telegrapht," Bays M. weeping. 1 " Oh, no, I forgot. My wife sent the message, of course. She lived long enough to do that, did she ?" asks the much agitated S. I " Missis never sent no telegrapht, I'm sure, re- plies M. ; "I saw her fall from the cliff and she never stirred afterwards." ' 1 "This ia most extraordinary,' says b., but where is she ! Let me see her. > He finds that there is a fearful cut on his wife s temple, and that the left arm is broken. When ha agitation will allow him, he again thinks of the mysterious telegram, and as every one in the house denies that any telegram was sent by them, and «a every one asserts that it was impossible that Mrs. S. could have sent it, the perplexed widower goes to the telegraph office. '"Do you remember who Bent this telegram, and at i what time ?" he asks the clerk. The reply is : . «« Yes, I remember it distinctly. It will be a long time before I forget it. The message waa sent just at the very time ,that that unhappy accident hap- pened Bt the cliff j and the person'who sent the mes- sage was a deadly-pale lady, with a fearful cut on her temple, and whose left arm hung by her side as if broken." . .. _ l S with a fearful shudder, rushes from the office. There can be no1 doubt about it. Mrs. S.'s ghost sent the telegram. There ! I consider that I have capped the ghost in the railway carriage now. My ghost tale ia positively the last out. The only merit that I claim for it, however, are these. It is short, which, I take it, is one of the greatest merits that a ghost story can have. It shows progress-the latest improve- ment in ghosts being their travelling by rail ; my i ghost goes a step farther, and telegraphs. And it does not pretend to be true. I candidly confess that there is,not a word of truth in it from beginning to end. ÑótverygreatmeritBthese.yousay.No! but then I labour undera great disadvantage in writing a ghost tale. The fact is that I am not a believer in ghosts, though a perusal of this paper might lead people to suppose the contrary. I don't believe in ghosts, and it ÍB a happy thing for me that I do not, for: according to the ghost story-tellers, I live in a thoroughly haunted house. 1 hear in the stillneBS of the night the wailing of a child. I am often disturbed in my sleep by a heavy footfall on the stairB, and by the trampling of feet in the room over- head. My room door opens without being touched by mortal hand. My crockery falla to the ground, and the housemaid declares she never laid a finger on it. Now, all these things are said to be certain signs that the spirits are about, and'to spirits I might attri- bute them if I liked. But I do nothing of the kind ; I attribute them to natural causes. When I hear the wailing of a child, I put it down to Mrs. Jones's baby,' next door ; and'as I often see the child going out in ai perambulator in the day-time-it generally cries then, too-I feel confirmed in my opinion. When I hear the, footfall on the stairs, and the trampling of feet over- head, I might shudder and think it a ghost, of ¡course -but I don't. I conclude at once that it is the man who lodges above me, who comes in very late,' and wears shamefully thick boots. When the door of my room opens, and no one enters, it may be the work of a spirit certainly who may be stationed on the landing outside ; but, if so, I regret to Bay that I .uncere- moniously bang the door in his face, and put it all down to a want of oil. Then, when I hear a terrible noise of falling crockery, I have too much respect for the memory ot my deceased friends to charge them for an instant with the tendencies of a bull in a china shop. I say to myself, " Hang it ! there's Phillis upsetting the tray again." And though she declares that the cups and saucers broke themselves, yet, sooner than do an injustice to the departed, I venture to disbelieve Phillis. Such scepticism as this is very unfortunate, truly ; but upon my word I cannot help it. I should be only too glad to believe in ghosts ; for if such things could be, what immense services might they not render to society? In a mysterious murder case, what detec- tive like your ghost ? For all we know, there may be buried in various parts of the kingdom treasure suffi- cient to poy off the National Debt. All we need is a ghost to find it for us. And, oh ! what would not the Times give for a ghost at the seat of war ? But this hope is vain. The only good the spirits have ever done has been done in fiction, and in fiction may they long do it. The man who writes an interesting ghost tale is a general benefactor, but he should have mercy upon thoBe poor old ghosts who have walked tneir legs off in our service, and whose horrors are worn threadbare by this time, and give us in their stead something that may make us shudder and not laugh, something that, in the slang of the day, would be called a Great Novelty in Spirits.- Once a-Week. COTTON- GROWING.-We understand that the land agent has receiveda'communication from the Surveyor General informing him that Mr. De Coin, on behalf of the new Cotton Cultivation Company, has received authority to select two thousand acres of land on Hoddle's line of road, between Berrima and Kiama, in the vicinity of the reserve for a town at the Three Creeks ; and Mr. Meares is instructed that in receiv- ing applications for conditional purchases in the same vicinity, he is to make the applicants understand that their applications can be received provisionally only, and subject to Mr. De Coin's selection. We very much fear that the situation is not adapted for the growth of the cotton plant.-Kiama Examiner. THE SEASON.-The weather continues very fine at Shoalhaven, and the plough is in fast progress through, the district-promising full supplies of wheat for next year. The privilege of Free Selection has been suc- cessfully exercised by many parties, and no doubt while it tends to increase agricultural pursuits, it will re-act on the market through increased consumption, and thereby serve all parties in the community. Illawarra Mercury. TELBÖBAPH TO WOLI.owaoNG.-The clearing of the line for the telegraph is progressing vigorously, and haB reached within a short distance of the Cabbage- tree. It is therefore expected by the end of the present week that the whole line will be cleared to Wollongong. The stretching the wires, it is believed, will be commenced to-day, and as the posts have been fixed, or the post holes dug, throughout the greater part of the distance, and the line will be stretched at the rate of seven miles a dey, a very short time will see communication opened with the metropolis. Illawarra Mercury of Tuesday. DEVELOPMENT OP THE DIGGINGS. - We understand that it is the intention of Captain Browne to introduce a fresh system in working the ground on the south side of the river, in order to a more speedy develop- ment of the leads if such should exist. His modus operandi will be to amalgamate several claims, and by thus putting a larger number of men to work the more quickly to prove the country. By adopting such a course, Captain Browne will confer a great benefit upon the community, and materially aid in the solu- ion of a very interesting problem. - Lachlan Observer. CRUSHED TO DEATH,-On Wednesday last as John Knowles, who was driving a waggon, was passing the sideling near to Post's Cookendina Hotel he unfor- tunately met with a capsize, and was crushed to death, being unable to get clear through a tree being in the way which prevented his escape. The remains of the deceased, who was a married man, were interred by his mates the following day.-Albury Banner, LOST AND FOUND.-A person named Cawthorne, on Wednesday morning last, received about £50 cash for a cheque at the Bank of New South Wales, and pro- ceeded towards the South Lead. When half-way up Brown-street, he suddenly discovered that he had lost the money, a roll of £5 notes. He at once wended his way back towards the bank, with the intention, if possible, of ascertaining the numbers and stopping payment. A forlorn hope at Forbes-when within twenty yards of Govers' Hotel he was delighted to observe the money lying on the ground. He of course secured it with a lightened heart.-Lachlan . Obierter. 