II?YIiRMAY POLICE. To the Editor of the Launceston Eraminer. 'I'd take the ghoas's word fora thousand pounds." -. Ilum'et Srn,-Doubtless you will be surprised at receiving a communication from a visitant fron the other world; but be not alarmed, sir, for I come on a good errand, the purport of which I will presently unfold. For what cause I, a ho was, when in the flesh, a peaceful inhabitant of the quiet seclusion of lnvermny, am "doomed for a certain time to soalk the earth" in that vi.inity is at matter [must' not explairi. Like my illustrious pre decessor in the nice of spirits, "I could a tale unfold," yet will forbear. Suffice it to say that in my wnnderings amongst the scenes of my earthly career I glean more than is allotted to mortal observation of the manners, customs, and converse of thoso around. It was therefore with some interest that not long since I clianced to overhear a conversa tion in which the character antd utility of the police in this neighbuorhood fell under discus. sion. ,It would not be consistent with that nice sense of honor which has in all ages distin guished your true ghst for me to divulge names; s6 I will content myslf with repet. ing. as notirly'n:[l can recolledt (for I fear my memory is n:little gone), that part of the cou versation which, figuratively speaking, reached nmy ears. As I drew near I heard one of the speakers remarking how improved the place had been by the establishment of a local police station ; that whereas formerly robberies and even murders (here, sir, I listened, ansyou may imagine, with breathless interest) were perpe trated with impunity, now nothing troa serious over occurred than pilfering from a larder, robbing an occasional orehard, or the not un common area sneak.practice of surreptitiously turning nattle to graze in n neighbor's padduck at twilight, antI retnoving them at dawn ; atid even in these cases the delinquent always stood detected and condentned in public opinion, if not invariably brodght to justice. Strange as it may appm;r, sir, these facts, adduced by the one speaker, seemed antytl.ing but gratifying to his companion. Hlavingg listened to them with some impatience, hlie broke out into furious denunciations ngainst the police, towards whom he seemed to enter. thin the bitt rast grudge, and decl;red that he would do evsrytbing in his tower to h,.r- .r disturb them. I did not attach any particular weight to th,. foregoing colloquy until some days later, when w shing to find out whether anything of interest had taken place in the world since I I1 st quitted it, f slipped into a house which used to be a resort of mion in days gone by and unobtrusively leant over the shoulder or a' person who was studying the Cornwall Chronicle. Commencing, of couro., with the announce. ments of deaths (for there, as you anny ima. gine, I naturally felt most at home), I passed on till my at ention was caught by a lette, from a correspondent, ini depreciation of the police at Invormny. " Stoil;' I said to myself in a sepulchrml vice and ble only to myself, and putting what used to be my ing'ra up to what was once my forehead to collect my wandering ideas, "Surely I've heard something verb like this before;" and then the conversation [ have repeated a mo back cleo.ly to my re collection. " So you want to get rid of the police at Ins ormay do you, my friend ?" said I; will, -I'm not surprised at you,- but there is'some thing to be said on both sides of tile question. It seems to me that it' those policemen had been' established at Insermay in the year never mind what, the chances ard that I should'nt, now be in my present predicamnrit. These constables are a terror to evil doers alone, ans- I will step forth to their protection by narrating to an editor (for whom I have a just esteem) what I have a on and heard, though lie may tIel that it needed no ghost to enlighten him on such a subject. But the difficulty occurr d, "how shall I send sy letter ?" Then I thought me of the " Dead Letter Office " as an institut on upon which I had some claim; and as soon as the pale gbmipses of the Invermny moon easured me that I was sale from interruption, I re paired to n shady nook which is a favorite haunt of mine, an I having with some diffi culty procured what I can scarcely term writ. ing materials, for they consist of the remains or -a sheet of paper and a mere shade of a pencil (I have not the ghost of a drop of ink), Iproceeded at once to furnish you-nith the foregoing particulars. Forgive me if I have troubled you by mank. ing away wih much of your valuabl.' time, and let me hope the spirit in which I write will beounderstood a.d appieciated by yourself and a discerning public. - In the assurance of your sympathy and anp prival I shall earn n reward that will be'an ample recompense for having thu. come out of my selol to make my appearance before the world in pri'it. Apoloeising for bringing a subject of so grace a nature before your notice at the pre sent festive so'ison, and wishing you plhity of good spirits to enjoy a happy new year, I beg leave to disalp .ar. RIemaining your unseen friend, 'als cGnuos r'F Ca?eno.v. Upper Hades. - Wednesday at cock crow. 