SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Although the Adelaide papers report the proceedings of our Parliament at very great and needless length, they also criticise with great severity. Thus, the "Chronicle" says Legislation appears to have reached a dead stop, and perhaps the best thing that could next happen would be for the Governor to prorogue -Parlia ment, and thus afford Minsters an op portunity of considering what course should be adopted in the present emer gency.- Or, iitill better, His Excellency, might with great advantage to the general interests of the community - dissolve the present House of Assembly,, and thus not only cut the Gordian knot in which legislation is entangled, but at the same time afford the inhabitants of the pro vince an opportunity of expressing an opinion on those great .questions which now agitate .the public mind. Whatever may be.the course. pursued by His Ex cellency, > >ojLe thing is quite certain, namely, that the proceedings of Parlia ment are at present simply ridiculous. It is the farce of-legislation, and nothing more. Day after day important public Bills, are thrown out upon questions of form, and the House of Assembly is as helplessly fettered and manacled as-ever was Gujliver in the land of the Lilli pnts. The only power left to the Assem bly is the power of talk; or, if indeed, there be action, it is like that of Mr. Pecksniff's horse-action without pro gress. The mnarimnm of dignity is the minimum of works in exact proportion as the privileges of Parliament are magnified the business of the country is retarded; in fact, the Assembly is likely to die of dignity; to .give up the ghost in conse quence of the exhaustion brought about \- by its fearful efforts,to become immortal. 5 It is no doubt a delicious mode of exit; a death of " aromatic pain," and the apo theosis must be glorious. It may be questioned, however, whether the Legis \- lature should be any further encouraged in performing the rights of suttee; at all events, the penchant for self- immola , tion should be restrained until the ne cessary business of the country is trans acted, after which hon. members might offer themselves up as burnt offerings to Privilege without let or hindrance. 