THE BATTLES IN MARYLAND. (From the Times' Special Correspondent.) BALTIMORE, September 23.- It would be nothing but the gravest injustice to dispute the fact that, contrary to all probabilities, with heavy odds against him, General M'Clellan has succeeded in fighting a battle in which he certainly has not been worsted, and of which the effect has been that his opponents have fallen back and declined a further engagement. To estimate the full meaning of. these few simple words would be impracticable, save for those who witnessed the utter and apparently irretrievable demoralization of the Northern army during the first few days of Sep- tember. On the 2nd oí September General M'Clellan, responding to the appeal of President Lincoln and General Halleck, again accepted the command in chief, and there is now no impropriety in stating that he accepted it with a heavy heart and gloomy fore- bodings. A few weeks of General Pope had not only sapped the instincts of discipline and solidarity partially instilled and infused into the army by a long winter's training on the Potomac, but had substituted in their place lawless and buccaneering propensities ; so that the" veterans of the Peninsula," as M'Clellan's old army and M'Dowell's Division were pompously called, were an element of greater peril and graver weakness than the rawest recruits from the counting house and field. On the 17th September, one fortnight from the day on which he seized the helm, General M'Clellan gave battle and fought what may be called the Borodino of this war. The Battle of Antietam Creek, last Wednesday, was unquestionably the best contested field which this continent has ever witnessed. By unsparing efforts and self, sacrificing devotion the Federal officers averted a defeat which must have been crushing and final ; but they averted it at a cost of valuable lives which has probably never been equalled during the present century. The danger is past – the crisis is tided over – for the battle of last Wednesday, if lost to the Federal cause, would have summarily and peremptorily concluded this war. Herein consists the great difference of the battles before Richmond and the crowning sight of September 17\. If M'Clellan and his army had succeeded in taking Richmond, no man of sense, even at the North, believes that the war would thus have been finished. The great object for which it was sought to capture Richmond was to remove from European nations any pretext for interference. There could be no recognition of the independence of a nation which was unable to retain possession of its seat of government. But it may be as well to state here that even if Richmond, Charleston, Sa- vannah, and Mobile shared the fate of New Orleans, there is not the least reason to think that the subju- gation of the South would thus be achieved and con- summated. Of course, the sufferings of women and children would thus be gravely increased, but what are the sites of four insignificant cities compared with an area of 800,000 square miles ? Very early in this war it was thought by shortsighted fanatics that the desolating fire which swept over Charleston would bring its rebellious children to terms. But it is not in the power of the North to estimate any more than it is in their power to tame, the fierce and vindictive animosity of the Southern heart, which recks little of suffering or loss or bitterest privation, in comparison with emancipation from an execrated yoke. On the other hand, the battle of Wednesday last was the final desperate struggle of our old friend, the "Anaconda," to relax and unclasp the tightening grasp which his foe had fixed upon his throat. Coil after coil his spiral embrace has been unwound, and on Wednesday the intended victim closed for the death grapple. The effort has been defeated, but nothing more. The two breathless combatants glare at each other across the rapid Potomac, which may any day be swollen by the equinoctial rains into an impas- sable gulf. It was probably in view of this contin- gency that it was deemed advisable by the wary Con- federate generals to run no risk of fighting with such a river behind them. But there does not seem much probability of their allowing General M'Clellan and his army to follow them across the stream. The fight of last week has saved Washington and Maryland ; it has done nothing on earth to justify a particle of hope or belief that it will to a conclusion of the war. Nevertheless, too much praise cannot be given to General M'Clellan and to the generals under him, and specially General Hooker, for the manner in which they handled as unpromising an army as ever took the field. Upon one point it is material that the European public should not be deceived, though it were idle to hope that this truth could be brought to the know- ledge of the American nation itself. The North has no such armies now in the field as are pretended in the Northern journals. It is doubtful whether 200,000 soldiers of the old army, which existed before the President's last call for 600,000 men, are now under arms. What proportion of the 600,000 men are actually under arms it is hard to say , but I doubt if their numbers are more than 200,000 now. Within the last few days it has been openly stated by high authorities in Washington, that it was absurd to ex- pect General M'Clellan to do more than fight a level battle or to crush his enemy, when all the recent levies that have reached Washington have not done more than supply the losses in the various battles from Cedar Mountain down to Antietam Creek. But, without discussing this question of interfer- ence, it may be interesting to your readers to learn a few details of the battle of Antietam Creek, of which the War-office still ignores the occurrence, while it vouchsafes no particulars to the long-suffering mil- lions who are a principal in this gigantic duel. It must be premised that the American Press twits the correspondents of the English journals with an indis- position to witness, not without seme possible per- sonal risk, the bloody struggles of this war. In answer, it is only necessary to say that Mr. Stanton and his myrmidons take very good care that no Eng- lishman, either civil or military, shall be within 50 miles of any United States' army. It seemed good to Mr. Stanton to preclude the possibility of the battles on this continent being sketched by the same graphic hand which brought the Crimea and its incidents home to every fireside in England. Had it been otherwise, the Battle of Antietam Creek would have worthily lived in history, and Europe would have known something about it. As it is, secondary information, and most imperfect details, notwithstanding an un- usually able despatch contributed to the New York Tribune, leave us sadly in the dark. Antietam Creek (pronounced Anteatam) is a rapid mountain stream, which cuts its way across the Pennsylvanian border in a due southerly direction, until it enters the Potomac between Boonsboro' and Sharpsburg. The ground upon its right bank is admirably adapted for a defensive position, and con- sists of bluffs which rise into a plateau, interspersed with here and there slight depressions, and dotted with cornfields and patches of forests, and intersected in many places by stone walls. One or two lanes, penetrating at right angles to the stream, and deeply sunk, afford natural rifle pits, of which excellent use was made by the Confederates. They resemble greatly that "little hollow way" which played so conspicuous a part at Waterloo, and which runs in front of the grounds of Hougomont. The Federal attack could not be made without fording Antietam Creek, which is too deep cut to be easily passed. The line of battle extended some five miles, through the larger portion of which the Confederate right and centre were protected by the stream ; but on the Con- federate left the stream bends away from the plateau and turns eastward towards Reedyesville ; and here, upon Tuesday evening, the 16th of September, the first act of the battle was played by General Hooker, who advanced across the stream and along the Williamsport Road, upon which he gained an elevated position, in immediate proximity to the Confederate picquets. The two armies passed the lovely autumnal night of that beautiful upland region of Maryland in close proximity. Wednesday, September 17, broke a cloudless morn- ing. The earliest streaks of day were welcomed by men whose orisons were the shriek of the bursting shell, the deep, sullen boom of the cannon, the whist- ling hiss of angry musketry. The extreme Federal right and the Confederate left sprung naturally and instantaneously into collision ; and I know no better way of gauging the severity of the contest in this part of the field than by stating that the official loss in Sumner's corps, consisting of three divisions, is returned at 5208 men. Again and again the battle surged backwards and forwards, and was especially fierce round a large farm-house and enclo- sures called Rulette's Farm. Sedgwick's division was the first to open the ball, and, as it advanced on the right, it was supported on the left by French's division, which moved into a small wood and corn- filid and soon became hotly engaged. Simultaneously the Confederates bore fiercely down upon Sedgwick, driving his division back for some hundreds of yards. To relieve Sedgwick an order was given by General Sumner (who had taken command, after General Hooker was wounded, about nine in the morning) to French to charge with his whole force and gain the heights. The order was gallantly obeyed, and the overhanging woods were swept clear of the enemy by Kimbell's brigade. But at what cost this successful onslaught was made can be estimated only by those who read the long list of Federal officers wounded, including Kimbell himself, and almost every other man who wore shoulder-straps in the brigade. But scarcely were the heights gained when a strong body of Confederates, rushing between Sedgwick's and French's divisions, and seizing Ru- lette's house and farm buildings, exposed the attack- ing force to imminent jeopardy. Around this farm, the Hougomont of the day, the fighting was too severe to be long protracted. About ten o'clock the Confe- derates were driven slightly back, their fire slackened, ammunition seemed falling short, and French's division, a mere ghost and shadow of its former self, stood firmly and savagely on the ground which it had won and which it held mainly with the bayonet. The Confederates were not long in resuming the offensive. Again they descended upon French, and his shattered columns seemed little capable of offer- ing assistance. At this moment the third Division of Sumner's corps, commanded by General Richard- son, moved briskly up to support General French. Again the battle raged more furiously than ever, but Richardson's men, fresh and stronger in num- ber than their opponents, drove them heavily back, and captured the only rebel standards which were, I believe, lost on that eventful day. The Confede- rates fell back some three-quarters of a mile ; the Federals had hardly strength to follow. At half-past one the battle on the Federal right and Confederate left was over, and one mile and a half of ground densely covered with dead and mangled men, not to mention what are described as high mounds or piles of slaughtered horses, bore evidence of the bloody obstinacy of the fray. It must be mentioned that the struggle at Antietam Creek was mainly fought out on the right and left wings. The nature of the ground in the centre, where the direct road from Reedysville to Sharpsburg crosses the creek, was too broken and rugged to admit of the manœuvring of troops or handling of artillery. Near this road General Fitz John Porter, with 15,000 men in reserve, was stationed during the whole day. This was the only body of men on the Federal side which was not engaged. As an evidence of the even and balanced nature of the whole day's struggle it is alleged that General M'Clellan did not dare to employ General Porter's men when Burn- side's attack on the left was recoiling and Burnside himself was importunate for assistance. The ground which had been gained on the right was so insecurely held, that it was felt that another Confederate on- slaught might at any moment overwhelm the ex- hausted Federals. To prevent this, as well as to check the rebels if they succeeded (which, if half an hour more of light had been granted them, they would have done) in driving Burnside across the bridge, was the object with which General Porter's men were held in hand. Our details of the attack made by General Burn- side, in command, as is stated, of not more than 16,000 men, upon the Confederate right, are much more scanty than of the operations ogamst the Confederate left. It one may venture to criticise the tactics of the day, it would appear that General M'Clellan made two mistakes. In the first place, the attack by Burnside should have been made simul- taneously with the attack by Hooper. Secondly, Burnside's attack should have been made with a heavier force and followed up by repeated bodies of men. It is evident that if Burnside could have carried the bridge and heights beyond it, and held them, the Confederate army would have been in extreme peril of being cut off from Sharpsburg. But it was im- possible to carry so tremendous a position when the Confederates, relieved from Hooker's or Sumner's attack on the right, massed dense bodies of troops against Burnside and drove him steadily back. The last orders of M'Clellan to him at sundown were, " Come what may, hold the bridge. If the bridge is lost, we are all lost with it ! " How near and immi- nent was the peril to which the whole Federal army was exposed is probably known to few. But the sun sank, and Burnside, weak, shattered, and reel- ing, was not pursued, and M'Clellan had gained what, to one fighting under such conditions, must be admitted to be a great and substantial advantage. That after such a frightful battle there should be inability as well as indisposition upon either side to renew the strife is little to be wondered at. Upon Thursday, after a great deal of coquetting as to which party had sent the first flag of truce, a portion of both armies met upon the debatable land so long and hotly contested. Seldom, since the world first witnessed the ravages of war, has such a scene of appalling carnage and suffering mutely appealed to heaven. It is probable that within an area of five square miles at least 30,000 dead and wounded men, the victims of the politicians of the United States, lay in every conceivable attitude of agony and pain. And for what has all this blood been shed ? To what hope that peace will arise from these horrors does all this anguish point the way ? The Con- federate army is safe upon the Virginia side of the Potomac ; it is neither demoralised nor faint-hearted, it has inflicted such a loss upon its gallant foe as must for a moment ruffle even the insensibility of Washington. The generals of the Confederacy are still in menacing and defiant attitude, supported to the last by their enthusiastic men. They may be as ragged and motley a crew as the Federal papers describe them ; but when the cry of battle rises along the closing line they fight to the last of their blood and their breath. Each section has made its effort, and apparently each section has failed. General M'Clellan's broken and shattered retreat from Harrison's Landing to Alexandria marks the extent of his failure. The Southern onset upon Washington has been baffled by the battle of last Wednesday, but Washington has been saved, so to speak, by the skin of its teeth What will be the next act of this bloody drama ? 