BERKELEY AND BALLOT. . i [Times.) It is impossible not to do justice to the heroism with which M>.Berkeley spontaneously endures the chief torments which Virgil assigns to the damned. ( Once a year, with much canvassing and speaking, he carries up his big ballot- box to the threshold of a second reading, and then sees it suddenly roll down to the quiet depth of the summer recess. Once a year he stretches out his hands to grasp the fruits just over his head, when an adverse majority blows it far out of his reach. Once a year? his' thirsty lips touch the cool element, which instantly leaves him high and dry. is only wants the object to be worthy of this devotion to make Sir. Berkely a s pint and, a martyr., Unfortunately, the idol is a mere block of wood. A thousand significant hints teach the worth lessness of the toy, only to make it more precious in Mr. Berkeley's eyes. This yqryjSession he carried, a first reading in a House which, as he admits, was on the point of being counted out and his triumphant explanation of the circumstance is that 112 of his own supporters cared more for their dinners than they did for his speech orchis ballot-box. He takes comfort in the knowledge that he can count in the present House 230 good men and a true who have recorded their votes in favor of the Ballot. But of these 230 only 125 were found at their posts yesterday afternoon. According to Mr. Berkeley, there are numerous' constituencies' where the election would be turned by the Ballot, and in the aggregate, the Ballot makes the whole difference in the national policy. This is only saying, in other words, that the voters of Mr. Berkeley's own way of thinking are more affected by the existing system of open voting than the other side ; vat which is as much as to say that the Reformers are the worse trucklers, cowards, and self-seeking., ,ï\Ir. > Berkeley appeals to Parliament to liberate this own friends from the danger of being sold up or deserted by their best customers. It is virtue for which he asks the protection of secrecy and patriotism he would invest with the mask and the domino. This is anything but civility to his friends, but it really proves nothing but the worthlessness of , the, proposed expedient.' , His friends "don't want the Ballot! They, don't care for it. They keep up the ghost, , of an old agitation about it, but they believe to be an impostor, and will, not listen to a speech for it, or vote for it they will rather eat their dinners] or run down to an Oxford Commemoration Or go toga Cattle Show or to the International Exhibition in - Every word Mr. Berkeley says on the subject only proves that the Ballot would be a foolish illusion, and that elections in this country must and will be open. He assumes, 'Ayith great truth, that Englishmen have opinions that those opinions are known and that he can himself speculate on the result of a ' perfectly free expression of those opinions. He tells us, among other particulars, that, but for open voting, the Conservatives would carry the day in this or that borough, though in the majority of cases the Liberal cause is the sufferer and it really does suffer. ' All this testifies to the notoriety of opinions, and the certainty of votes being given in accordance ve then those t opinions. Mr. Berkeley's friends and informants can put their fingers, on this river, and that man, and the other, and say with certainty . what their opinions are, and; how they, will vote under the " protection" of the Ballot. This is tantamount to an admission that the Ballot will not make the slightest difference in the publicity of the vote, which will be known just as we under one system as the other. Meanwhile, it is not to be supposed that the men who, according to Mr. -Berkeley, are ready '"to sell up their tenants, to drag reluctant voters from under their beds and to off r the , alternatives of competency or ruin, will, relax their efforts or desist from extorting promises., The whole, thing' will go on just as it does now. Even, the' few without'opinions, and ready to sell their vote to the highest bidder, will be trusted to vote as they say they vote, and will be paid £10 or £20 for a transaction done in the friendly shade of the B ballot- box. Everybody who has had much to do with the British people knows how apt they are to be true to their words whether in a good cause or a bad one, or in no consent all. Cabmen have their faults butson a thousand messages by a thousand cabs, and every one of them will be delivered without fail. Servants may have all sorts of dishonest Avays ; they may differ and even steal, they may have absurd ideas about perquisites, they may be idle, irregular, and conceited j but when they say they will do a thing, they are safely do it. So, putting these two things together,-qi the one hand, the openness, and plain-3pokpuness, and open dealing of tenants, shopkeeper?, and servants, and, on the other hand, the interest, the importunity, and the violence of masters, landlords, and customers, we are driven to the conclusion that the Ballot box would make no difference in the matter, for- that English Voters will never be 'lights hid in a bushel. ' Secrecy is, in fact, impossible, and the pretence of secrecy will not secure the voter from the consequences of his vote. England is governed by opinion, by opinionmen climb to power, position, to office, to rank and to wealth-; so they will always be apt to collect favourable opinions with excessive ardour and with a recklessness bordering upon immorality. The freer and more evenly balanced opinions are, | | the more valuable they become, till influence and personal bribery in all their forms, to come the very proofs of the reign of opinion. But this cannot be done AMth secrecy, for publicity is the very soul of the system. In a despotism there is no opinion and no ambition ; there is no canvassing for opinions. It is only, 1 under free institutions and liberty of speech that a man can aspire to political influence, but it is the very essence of such a system that everything should be open, and above-board. As the member gives his vote openly in the House, so does the elector at the hustings in ( this reign of publicity, Mr. Berkeley stops in and insists to claim for his own a lot of black sheep. who wish tá'"ha\\-o' opinions without telling people what they are. He wishes to constitute this precious little community an exception to the general rule of British society, For its' sake," and, indeed, to invest it with a respectability above its due, who wishes all the votes for Parliament' to be, taken in secret. For the sake of one section he wishes (the whole country to be involved, in darkness. We are all to go about assassinating one another murder that a pot, corps with especial turn this, way, may. pass muster with the rest and not "be deflected and " is not the system, of the time for a country less at variance with, the manner, ; and rule ottbe'pe'oMe^ándHhe age.- "No matter what they do elsewhere, if indeed, they really have the Ballot anywhere, it will not do here, unless we first change the. Englishman's whole nature. What can he the use of the Ballot to ( a man whosc'-whole'lifeiii a public announcement of his opinion. and his political connexions? SIR CHARLES EASTLAKE has bought Gains; borough's ' portrait of Mrs. ' Siddons for the National Gallery, for 1000 guineas Express, 11 A LONG MARCH -The following is the Confederate route from Corinth to Richmond- viz,, to Meridian, 194 miles to Minon Town,, Alabama, 50 miles j to Selma, 38 miles ; Tito is Tallapega, 110, to Rome, 20; to Atlantic, 79 ditto Augusta, 171; to Brandy wine, 75; Uto Columbia,, 68, to Charlotte, 169; to Golds- borough, 223; to Richmond, 163, making a total of 1288 miles by railroad, and 70-miles by common road. THE RIGHT TO AEIIOBIAL BHAMNGS.TTA seriousness Stubs. Stubs, was heard in the Exchequer Court, on Wednesday.' The case stated that Joseph Stubs, of Warrington, having by his own industry amassed a considerable for tune, and been placed on the commission of the peace, was desirous to possess the right to wear armorial bearings, and obtained a grant for that purpose from the College of Heralds, paying fees to the amount of £76. 10s in addition to 55 3s. the charge for the herald's painter. He had no lineal descendants, and the grant extended the right to wear the arms to the two sons of his deceased brother Peter and John Stubs, who, were the present plaintiffs. On the 20th July, 1860\. Joseph Stubbs made a will, in which he left absolutely to his wife, the defendant in this action, all his household goods, books, pictures plate ¿c.and'ahotly afterwards died, Under this bequest the widow claimed the grant of the College of Heralds; and it was agreed that if the court thought she was entitled to possession of the document, the verdict should be entered for the defendant. Mr. Brett on the part of the plaintiffs, contended that the patent belonged to the sons of the testator's brother, in whose favour at WBR granted. Mr. Baron Bramwell : It does not appear that they ever consented to wear the arms. (Jan the t Earl Marshal inflict arms on a man without his consent?.- (Laughter ) Ought We not to see whether the article is a picture ? Mr Grove, who appeared for the defendant, said it was contained in a very' handsome box. The grant was subsequently handed up to their Lord ships. It was a large sheet of vellum, engrossed and surrounded by a coloured border containing Stubs' aims. The Lord Chie^,Baron: The wife I can bear' the arms during her, widowhood? Mr. ["Brett thought she could not. The Lord Chief Baron: Unquestionably she can, and she may say, I will keep the grant in order that I may justify my use of them. Mr Brett: supposing the testator had a son, would he not UB his heir been titled to the grant, the right to bear the same having descended upon him? The Lord Chief Baron The right to bear arms belongs to all the children of a family equally, but with certain heraldic distinctions. The instant old Stubs got the grant, his lineal descendants were on 'the Held to wear the arms. His Lordship was of opinion that judgment should be entered for the defendant. ""She had a right to keep the granite justify herself in using the arms of her husband, and nobody could take it from her. It was not a sort of instrument which anyone could specifically claim like a patent for a peerage; but it might be that the plaintiffs could file a bill in Chancery to prevent the widow defacing or getting, rid of the document. Mr Baron Bramwell being of the same opinion judgment was entered for the defendant. THE CAPTURE OF' NEW ORLEANS The Virginian papers express themselves very strongly on the fall of New Orleans, and some of them sharply censure the conduct of the defence. It appears that neither of the Confederate iron clad steamers, the Mississipi nor the Louisa headway employed against the Federal squadron. although they were assigned for the defence of the Cres- cent City The Mississippi was burnt, in order that she might not fall into the hands of the Federals; and l\\\&Norfolk; Day Book expresses the hope that it will prove' that the Louisiana was similarly disposed of. The Richmond Dispatch says that much had been expected of the ships, and that there is a mystery about them which wants clear ring Jun. The Norfolk Day Doorways, i" They might as well have been glass-cased ships, for the good they did." The Richmond Dispatch says, " It. is useless to deny that the fall of New Orleans is a heavy blow, and afterwards observed that "it cuts off the Confederate Government from West Louiaiana.Texas, Missouri, and Arkansas. The Norfolk Day Book says, " This is by far the most serious reverse of the war. It suggests future privation and want to all classes of society ; but. most serious of all. it threatens our army supplies." The Atlantic Intelligencer says, " We had looked for a different result. Time and again we had been advised that the enemy's approach to the city, should they succeed in passing fort Jackson, would be hotly contested that even stronger works of defence than at Port Jack- son had been erroted-that^hcavier artillery was planted on the batteries upon the banks of the river-that obstructions of a most formidable character were on the river and that a successful resistance to its capture would be made. In this it appears, we have been deluded, as in every other case where a fort has been assailed upon which reliance was put for the defence of a town or city. Modern inventions, it seems, render forts useless for defence. Iron clad gunboats destroy or pass them by with certainty. Memphis, M'e apprehend, will share the fate of No wOrleans, To delude ourselves with any other hope is now a folly. The Befa sburg Express says, *' The capture of New Orleans is under the circumstances, one of the most extraordinary events which the war has brought forth." ) PRINCE NAPOLEON AND HIS EXPECTED HERE. -It seems that Victor Emmanuel, entirely on- a cupied with the conviction, born of the wish has accepted as a certainty the birth of an heir, and. with the good uaturodeMiMicsscmeiii so characteristic of the king, has determined to create him a prince of Sicily leaving to prince Napoleon the choice of site and apanage upon which the title is to be founded. The Prince has been much occupied in the examination of the various disposable properties the archives of Palermo have been consulted, and the same rumour to which we owe these details declares that the finest land in the country possessing amongst other advantages,, the the most classical 1 ruins in all the Neapolitan dominions, has been selected by the Prince, and that the donation will soon become publicly know was Cowl Journal. PARISIAN DISSIPATION.-A-Pat is letter says : -"For the present everyone here belonging, to the upper classes seems to be bent upon pursuing a round of dissipation too fatiguing to be sociable. The Countess Persigny has brought in by giving her last ball at midnight a fashion in a fair way of being widely adopted as well as one that will make the sociability of the brilliant world more info consuming than it ever has been. Soirees now commence long after ten, private concerts at about eleven and balls twelve. When they end may easily be inferred from the time of their beginning. The wearing effects of such unnatural hours on the , constitution are warded off by the ladies and indeed often by gentlemen, in a manner so ingenious that it deserves (john recorded. Ding neck are ordered' half an hour earlier then they are usually so redland inroad of being finished at 3 half-past seven or, eight, are over at seven and' half-past seven, other persons of quality can got bombed and-hare a long-, sleep before they dress" to gout at midnight." Globe. a - > His " i <. i). J ._: tt' 