BREACH OF PROMISE CASE. A case of breach of promise, Agnes Harrison v. John Hooks, which afforded great amusement to all iu court, was tried on Friday last, in the Court of Exchequer, Dublin, iu which the plain tiff is a lady who had passed thirty- five summers, and resides with her brother near Ballylcagh, county Autriin. The. defendant, who rejoices in the eupho nious name of Hooks, a farmer, is one of the ' ruling elders' of the eonvenanting congregation in tho locality, ntid has gone fur beyond the allotted thrcoseorc years aud ten. The alleged courtship commenced about ten years ago. The plaintiff laid her damages at £000, and the defendant pleaded a denial of the promise; audit was a somewhat novel feature iu tho case that both parties wero examined by conseut. Air. White side and Sergeant Armstrong appeared for tho defeudant; and Air. Lowry,Q.C., and Mr. Falkner, for the plaintiff. Agnes J. Harrison, the plaiutiff, ex amined by Air. Falkner : I am about ten years acquainted with tho defendant, ; we i went to tho same place of worship at Biilivlenirh. viz; . tho driven an tine Pres. lyierian Church ; Rev. Air. Hutchinson H'Faddeu is the pastor, and lie came .villi tho defendant on his lirst visit to nir house. From that period, about ,eti years ago, lie began to pay atten tions to me — iiis attentions were con nected with myself— and paid his ad dresses to nic, but I did not accept thciu 1 1, first. He spoko of marriage several times, aud did so after tbe second or third timo I hud been in his company. Counsel : AVhcu did you relent to wards the defendant? (Laughter.) Air. Whiteside : I object to that uiodo of asking a question. Mr. Falkner : It is a rather bad imitation of your own method. (Laughter.) Mr. Whiteside : I admit that fully — (laughter) — that is quite true. Witness: The defendant' proposed marriage to me. Ho said lie intended to marry mo if I would accept him. IJe said he had fixed his mind oil me, and on no otic else, for a wife. I said I thought he was too old for me, aud tbat it would bo better if ho got one uioro of his own ago. Tie again made me the same offer, aud did so many times ; I made no particular answer when lie repeated his offer. After a while I said my friends advised me to take him. I accepted him, but cannot tell when I first did so, it is so long ago. It might be about four years ago. I told liim I had made up my mind to take liiin. lie often visitod at my brother's house, where I lived aud kept hou.ie for my brother. I have never met him at neighbour's houses, but I went with iny brother once, about five years ago, to defendant's house. He used to come about onoo a week to see me. AVhen we went to his house on the occasion referred to, he said that he wished us to come, in order to give us an opportunity of seeing his house and place and Sue furniture, how well it was furnished. Tic spoko of marriago on that occasion. I met him at, Carlisle's (a neighbour's) bouse. When he would know that I was iuvitcd to Carlisle's house lie would always come round that way. I met bim in Newry by chance. He often wanted mc to meet bim thereto buy mo u present of anything I would choose- That occurred about three years ago. He said bo thought I had no right to encourage others, when I was engaged to bim. I told him, three years last summer, that I iutonded going to Australia, aud he said I was to stay at home and he would marry mo after harvest. He still continued his visits. In December, 18G0, he asked for ati immediate marriage, and said he thought it was time, aud that as my brother was getting married there could bo no objec tion. I told bim after my brother's marriage that I bad seaway my trunks to my brother, who lives ucar Belfast, iu the townland of Dcvernagb, and the defendant made me send for tbem, and said be would marry me in threo or four weeks at the farthest. Me came to our house aud said ho would buy uio a new dress, and would have about three or four cars for tho company. He said be would buy me a new gig, and he would keep a servant. He never kept compauy with me after the night this conversa tion took place in December, 1S60. ITc also spoke of money, and said ho would like to get about £40. lie did not come uftcr the three or four weeks ap pointed had elapsed. The Rev. Air. Wallace And Air. Harper were the arbi trators, and Mr. Stewart was the umpire. I was examined before them They seut for mc, after a little, and I came back into the room ; the defendant was prescut. They made jests. Counsel ; When you sigu your name arc you in I he habit of writing it? (A laugh.) Witness : Yes ; the arbitrators said wo wore signing our names after tho mar riage, and jokid, saying to Hooks lie might now go court, and marry, for he was free'. (Laughter.) 'roves the consent for the arbitration. -The award was not read to tne, anil the gentlemen told mo to write my name to it. I put my mark to it, for I felt nervous in con sequence of the jests they made, and I could not writo my name to it. After the uarncs were signed the award was read. Aly brother paid 5s. for the room in the public-house at Newry. The de fendant spoke about his means — that ho was very rich, and well off. lie has a farm of thirty-nine acres. Cross-examin ed by Mr. Whiteside: I live at Drum-, nalioney, and he lives at the townland of Grange. Aly brother is a farmer and i is a yoiing'nian. AArhcn my brother got I married, in December, 1SG0, I was thinking of leaving; but, tuy brother I did not want mc to go. I disrcniembor i where the arbitration was. I told my i story, I got no justice, and I think the award was a corrupt ono. Counsel : Which of the arbitrators was the great est villian ? Witness: I think they were ail alike. (Laughter.) Stewart, the umpire, is a ruliug elder' — (laugh- tor) — and the Rev. Mr. Wallace is a covenanting minister. I told old Hooks wlicn he first asked me, ' that he was too old.' Counsel : Do you think lie has improved of that, complaint? (Laughter.) Witness : Wo were all gcttiug farther acquainted for the first six years. Air. AVhitoside : If you had a fair choice, .what age would you select for a liusbaud? (Laughter.) Witness: I always respected old ago. (Roars of laughter.) Mr. Whiteside: You need not be afraid of inc. I am disposed of, and atu an old fellow. You must not think these gentlemen here utider tho "wigs are so old as they soem. (Laugh ter.) Witness : It was on au evening in December, in my brother's house, that ho spoke of buying the gig. I was aloue. Air. AVhiteside: You were not afraid of Hie old fellow ? AVituess: Not a bit. ITc fetched mc through his place. I wan invited several times, but I never went. It was in December. Mr. Whiteside: You took a survey of the premises? Did you go round tbe farm with lighted candles? Is not wealth a despicable tiling where love comes in ? (A laugh.) AVituess : I do not know anything about love. '(Laugh ter.) To Mr. Falkner: He never told mo bis age. Air. AVhiteside : AVould you kuow the difference between an old and a young man by the geueral ap- noarance of tho article? (Laughter/! Witness: I would. (Laughter.) Thus. Harrison and AVm. Harrison, plaintiff's brothers, .were examined as to conversations with the defendant, and promises made by himself of marrying Miss Harrison. This closed the case for the plaintiff. Air. Whiteside, QC., stated the de fence in an amusing speech, and stated inter alia, that tic agreed with the plain tiff that, ago is always to be respected, and that love had nothing to do with tho case which they had to try. It took the same timo for the great captaius to attain t.hc object of that war, their deeds in wiicli have been sung by great poets — that it did for this venerable suitor to bring a consent from tin: coy lips of that blushing plaintiff. The jury bad had t.hc opportunity of seeing the injured fair cue examined, and it would bo his" duty to present before them the gallant gay Lothario. Tbe plaintiff aud her friends, being dissatisfied with the award, seized on a legal quibble to get rid of it. What can wo do but place before the jury this .young and ardcut lover? What do the plaintiff and her friends requiro but to get the. defendant for the purpose of waking bim in peace, burying liiin respectably, and getting possession of the farm ? (Luughtor.) Tbe plain tiff's brother said to himself, 'I'll get riil of my sister, and marry her to the defendant.' who would not for six weeks liavosurvivedthcshook. (Laughter.) The defendant is a brisk young man of 75. AVill she- .marry him when ho is a skele ton, and within a short distance of ghost- land ? Why did she not marry him, vvhen ho \vsi9 fresh, ten years ago, and had a little flesh on his old bones ? The defendant's caso is, that being u ruling elder of the congregation she belonged to, lie was directed to speak to her for not attending to religious worship. He called on her for that purpose. It is utterly, absolutely, and prepostorously false that be ever, during the first six years, promised to marry. As au old man, wbeu she' asked his advice, he ad vised her not to leave her brothers house on the very day of the marriage, lest people should suppose there was a family quarrel. There never was a promise to marry her when the old fellow was coz ened down to tho house to get a promise extracted from him, but he smelt a rat, saw it in the coruiug storm, and said, ' I'll crush it in the bud.' (Laughter.) He said the night air was bad for bim, and be took up bis stick and left. AArlicn he went to the church, and after the sermon, which was of au. average length — that is, about three hours aud throe quarters — (laughter) she lay in wait for bim, and asked bim what kept him, and lie said be was speaking to the other el ders about tho serinou. But ho never promised to marry her when sucli an alarming proposition was made to him most unconscionably after such a long sermon. (Laughter.) They selected tne arbitrators to leave the matter to them. T.hc arbitrators heard all the witnesses, and signed tbe award, by which they awarded that each party pay their own expenses, and the defeudant pay over £5 to tho Jewish m'ssions of the Presbyterian Church. (Laughter.) He (Air. Whiteside) branded this action as a most perfidious one after tbat sub mission aud award ; and they bring their action in one of tho Superior Courts, far from the sceue of the ease, and uuder the impression tbat the jury would yield to tho blandishments of a fair and for- s lorn woman, and give her damages. Il ; was a flagitious action, brought to ex- : tort money, and the jury would not al low it to be perverted into ,a means of depriving the defendant of the means of livelihood. ' Joliu Hooks, the defendant, then enter ed the witness-box, and his appearance was tho sigiial for uproarious laughter. In the course of bis examination by Ser jeant Armstrong, the defendant said, he never intended courting the plaintiff, but ouly friendship, aud neighbourly feeling, and altogether repudiated tho construc tion put upon his conduct at the inter view with tho brothers of tho plaintiff. The concluding and most characteristic portion "of his evidence was as follows : On the day of the futioral there was a cursed plan to follow me, and AATm. Harrison asked mo to go into a public- hoiiso to driok, but I was so disgusted that I could not, and: we followed along until wo came to the turn to my house, uid our womnn had a cup of tea . ready for us, nud her brother pulled out some papers and said ' bo had plenty of money hero for me tho night/ I said ' I wanted neither him nor his money,' fori was affronted with hiui for coming in that felonious, hidden manner to my house, offering mc money as if I were a pauper, and forcing his sister on me in such a manner, lie put up his money. He did not tell ran what bo offered the money for, but I bad an impression it was about his sister( I was hunted up and I down like a partridge. I never ' mouthed' a word about his sister, or marrying her. I never after opened my lips to him on that subject. There novor was such a subject between us as about her going to Australia. Thero never was a word passed between us about her trunks or 1 bringing thorn back. I never proposed or said a word about marriago to her, or asked her to marry me, although she often spoke of the subject to me. I -never was married, nor am I likely' ever to be. (Laughter.) I am not engaged or disen gaged to any wonan. I never courted her nor led her to believe that I would make her my wife. I have to support my sister, which leaves the farm at about 25s. or 2Gs. per aero. I never told her I was rich. I had to borrow sonio of the house moucy to defend the case. 'I havo not paid a peony of rent, and maybo III bo' prossed' for it. I named Harper as my arbitrator. The arbitrators knew mo since I was a ohiid. (Laughter) There was no objection made to the- award, but all appeared reconoileablc. — At thecloso of the examination the wit ness turned confidentially to his lordship and said — ' I wish to a>k your lordship a question. Do you think is it going in my favour? This uaive appeal brought forth roars of laughter. — The court then adjourned till the following morning. A Terrific and desperate strug gle took place a few nights ago between a Air. Samuel Robinson, printer and pub lisher of tho Fifeshirc Journal, and Air. Bell, chief constable of the county of Fife. Mr. Robinson had been apprehended in London on a charge of forgery, and Mr Boll had come up to town to take him down to Cupar Fife. They left King's- cross by the night express for tho north. They rode first-class. The coiupartnient had no other occupants, and cure was taken to havo both doors locked. Tho prisoner was further secured by handcuffs On -the journey he chatted familiarly, with Mr. Bell, and when at York was provided with refreshment. Between York and Darlington, by some means be contrived to free himself of the iron cuff, the romaining cuff being left on the wrist Pf the constable, and manifested a v/ild- ness of manner which somewhat alarmed bis guardian. Without any further warning, he threw himself backwards out of the window, but was baulked in his attempt to commit suicide by bis companion, who bud to stretch himself to tho immineut peril of his own lifo, a a considerable way out of the window in order to got hold of bis collar,. and so re cover bim. The maniac was desperate, and a fearful struggle ensued, which lasted, Air. Bell states, for a whole half- hour. The would-ho suicide almost pit- eously bogged Air Bell to let go his bold, and Mr. Bell, with a view rather to save hiin from inevitable death than to retain tho custody of his prisoner, as despcrate- ly gripped him by the throat. Air. Bell was unable to drag him in, owing to the positiou iu whicli tho wilful fellow buug out of the window, his legs from the kneo joint only being in tho carriage. Mr. Bell was overcome at last by exhaustion, and the maniac made ono more desperate effort, and broko away from bis captor, tumbling headlong by the side of the train. The engine-whistle had just then been sounded, beforo drawing up at Darlington, and in a few seconds more tho train stopped at the station. The side of the carriage was besmeared with blood, indicativo of tho fearful nature of tho struggle. Tbe express suffered a detention of half an hour or more while a pilot engine was despatched up the liuc in search, it was supposed, of the nan's mangled remains, but in the thick darkness that prevailed, no trace what ever could be found On tho afternoon of the following day, howover, tho police got on bis track, on the edgo of the moors near Osinotherley, where, after the lapse of auotlier day, they actually captured him. He was not. at all dis abled. As ho bad no money on him, be can scarcely have been expected to elude his pursuers for any length of time. He says ho intended to commit suicide. His forgery tronsactions wore perpetrat ed on one of the banking houses in Cupar, and are reported to amount to be tween £3000 aud £4000. He ab sconded from Cupar in tbe latter part of January lust, aud when apprehended was living in lodgings in the Brompton road, London. frightful colltery accident. — Another appalling colliery accident has taken place. The scene of this disaster is the Cetliin pit, near Alerthyr Tydvil, the property of Air Crawshay. It. ap pears that shortly after uoon on tlic 19th uf February a loud explosion, followed by a succession of smaller reports, was heard by the men who were engaged at the mouth of the pit, and almost immqdi- ntcly a body of fiune and smoke issued from the shaft. The nature of tbe cal amity at ouce revealed itself, and a body of men wore speedily gathered together, and the utmost efforts made to descend into the workings to rescue the 50 .men and boys who were known to bo below ; but the deadly gas which rapidly follows in the traiu of an explosion baffled for a timo all attempts to reach the poor fel lows. At length perseverance was crowned with success, hut too late of course for the saving of life, as there cap be little doubt that those in Uio pit were killed almost immediately after the first explosion was heard. Forty-nine bodies have been recovered, ono, at tho. last no- count, still remaining uiissiug. The scene at the mouth of rtio pit is described as most heartrending, and the sound of lamentation greeted the car everywhere The catastrophe, following so closely on tho terrible occurrence at Now Hartley, has filled the minds of the people of the district with terror aud alarm. On tuf, forenoon of February 11, a portion of Birmingham was thrown into a state of considerable excitement in con sequence of t.hc frightful and melancholy end of Airs Sarah Stanley, the proprie tress of t.hc Stauley Saw-mills. She was in tho act of stopping over a spindle in the middle, when her dross was caught, and she was dragged into tho machinery. Her son, who was standing close by at tho time, immediately took hold of her, and prevented her from being carried round by tho shaft, aud raised an alarm. The engine was at ouco stepped, and the unfortunate wonian was extricated from her awful position. It was then found that" her body was almost severed in two, her clothes torn from Iter person. Death must have keen instantaneous. Love and AIuuder. — One woman lias been shot at, and another murdered, by disappointed lovers. The son of a tradesman -at Chobhatn, named Stevens, had fallen in love with a servant girl named Dewberry, but she would havo I nothing to do with . him. One evening the girl was waiting on her master aud mistross in the drawing-room. Her shadow fell on the window curtains, aud at that moment a gun was fired without — the bullet entering the room, and smashing the lamp, but without doing any further injury. Stevens was suspected of this outrage, which occurred just aftor Christmas. Tho girl return ed home. A few days ago as sho was sittiug with her mother -in the kitchen of t.lio house, a gun was fired, and two bullets struck tho wall just over their heads. Stevens was seen hovering near tho house about tho time wbon this second attempt at assasination was made, and lie has been arrested. Tho other affair is more serious. A man named Thorlcy, a smith, of Derby, who is a widower, full in love with a good-looking Irish girl, named Eliza Alnrell. She did not caro for him. On a recent Sun day Thorley found the girl in the com pany of a soldier. Next night, Tlioilc-y saw the girl, tlicy quarrelled, and he threatened to take away her life. On a subsequent night, after she had retired to rest, he wont under her window with a drum, ahd made a great noise by calling her foul names. Nevertheless, when ho called on her a few eveniDgs afterwards, she followed him out into the court where she lived: here ho murdered her by cuttiug her throat. Deported attempt to Assassinate tiie French Ambassador at Rome. — The Turin correspondent of the Times, writes' on the 17tli February: — "The report, of an attempted assassination of t.hc French Ainoasador, Al. Lavalette, at Rum-", is not unlikely to create a sensa tion throughout Europe. As it is not always easy to get at the real truth of what may bo passing in the Eternal City, I may, perhaps, he allowed to communi- oatc sueli particulars as reach us here in Turin through tho medium of private correspondence. On the evening of Saturday, the 8th of this month, Al. Li- valctto was alighting from his carriage at tho door of the Palazo Coldnna, his ambassadorial residence. His chasseur who opened the coach door, saw threo men near, iu plain clothes, who crowded up to the carriage, and aroused his sus picion. Drawing Iiis cutlass, the chasseur laid hold of one of the throe suspected persons ; auotlier servant collared the second, when the third took to flight. There arose a general hubbub, and the police hasteucd to the spot and took the two prisoners into custody. They were searched, and "both"' were found to be armed with revolvers and daggers. The throe supposed assassins belong to differ ent, countries — one is a Belgian, another a Bavarian, the third a Neapolitan run away. They are all uow in the hands of the police, and the Neapolitan, it is as serted, avowed bis intention to murder tho Frencli diplomatic agent, adding that ho wus hired for the purpose by a Legi- itmist, Clerical, or Bourbonist committee. Our information goes on to state tbat the prisoners would soon be brought before a French Court martial, i'hc day appointed for the trial was to be last Saturday. The particulars of the proceedings, if tlicy actually took place, have uot yet reached us." One of tho most important events of the lust month is the recognition of the ltiugdom of Italy by Prussia, a step which, after long delay, is now understood to be fully taken. The exceptions taken to the charge of Chief Justice Alonahan at the close of the late Yelverton trial in Dublin have been lodged in the Court of Common . Pleas. Tho arguments will lake place next term. Forgery by a Solicitor. — At the Central Criminal Court, Henry Wells Young, a solicitor, a man of thirty-two years of age, pleaded guilty to two indict ments charging him with feloniously forg ing two warrants of attorney for the transfer of £G000 stock, with intent to defraud the Governor aud Company of the Bank of England. On behalf of the prisoner it was urged that lie was young, | that lie hail unhappily expended tie money in speculation, and hoped to bo able to replace it. Baron Cliuniiell ad dressed the prisoner, and said 'from the 1 position which lie luuR held lie must know that but a few years ago the crime \- to which ho bad pleaded guilty was very frequently visited by capital punishment. The law now took a more merciful view : of such eases ; but still the crime of for gery, and such forgery as the prisoner had been guilty of, must bo put down by severe punishment. Ho considered the circumstances under which the forgery had been committed were very aggravate ed. Tho prisoner had abused the con fidence of his client, and painful as it was to him, he felt that he would not be do ing his duty if he were not to pas3 such a heavy sentence as he was about to pass. He then sentenced the prisoner to bo kept in penal servitude for twenty years. 