THE HIGH PRIEST vQF SPIRIT RA.P PEES. .' ' I (From tUt Spectator.) . . PEiuiAFSiit'hasnotoccurrod to.many of ourreaders to ask themselves, what is their position " on the spiritual plaint'' Mr. William Howitt has just forced i the ¡inquiry upon us, and wo are Boro that many .of .our readers will share with us the anxiety with -which we perceived that we 'bad hitherto neglect d the problem. The '* spiritual plane," ns far as we understaudiit, is an inclined plane which has lits base at the point where no value whaever.is attached to "mediumistic" truth«, and its opex .among the clouds of transcendent»! apiritualism. But here again we must define : <*« Mediumistic" truths are, according to the great I ¡hero of spiritualism, Mr. Harrie-who resembles ?the great Mrs. Harris, in being a " medium" for rthe intellect of another, but not in the force and (vividness of the thoughts conveyed through that .medium-truths .conveyed by disembodied spirits through an embodied spirit with the .help of a table, an alphabet, ,ond, apparently, spiritual jcnuckle.«. The question has boen brought before us afresh hy the perusal of a volume which has just been edited by n gentleman of aliiglily transcendental turn called 4Í>cepti«,"* from the pages of the Morning . $Ur and Dial. It is the .custom of oar sagacious contemporary, at that period of the autumn when the prorogation of Parliament forcibly suggests to the newspaper press disparaging reflections on ats own incessant periodicity, to open its columns to . the discussion of the phenomena of the newest phase of what " Sceptic" calls "credenciveness," | and other peoples' credulity. During the two last autumns the correspondence on tabular demeanour, spirit-hands, and the rest of it, has been actively carried on in the pages of our contemporary, and it is this which " Sceptic" has kindly edited and accompanied with a commentary, not elucidative, of his own. We have read it, and Mr. Dale Owen's similar work with care; anxious to dis- cover the secret why respectable and worthy ! individuals like Mr. "William Howitt "and others look down with such profound pity on all who oc- cupy what they call a low position, or no position at all, on the spiritual plane ;"-wherein they think 'that their own ad vantage consists over those who, trusting in God and Christ, the immortality "of man, and the divine inspiration, are willing to wait for another world for that fuller intercourse with tho dead which; our normal faculties here refuse us. Mr. Howitt, indeed, apparently regards it as a kind of heathenism, at least as badas the omission of domestic prayers, not to form family circles when the tea-things are removed for com munication with such spirits as are willing to tele- graph messages : through a medium and an alphabet. "There are thousands of families," he says, who in their own quiet circles, and in; a spirit of reverence and thankfulness, are sitting down in the evening to their table as a family altar,' and there learning daily that the oracles of God which have in all ages spoken to the patriarchs, ' ' the apostles, the prophets, tho fathers, ,tbe saints, \- have no more ceased than the sun to sabine and * the earth to yield its harvests. . For my own part spiritualism has been to me, tom^ whole1 family, J,.aai tp3a .wide circle, of., relations an<î j friends, through which it has ^radiated, tte. most sub ': stantial blessing of- existence." 'He waras us, ' indeed, very Boïemnly, that these1 " substantial V blessings ".are apt'$o be alloyed by corresponding : dangers. \ " I-, solemnly warn themJof;.;the dangers ; as! well as of'th'e benefits.'. Whoever ' ,f "especia to; walk: through ; London ' and í nptí¡ to'pe elbowedby ' thieves.", anet ..prostitutes,' ,'ís i jost* as: 1 ;.1 *r;; -j.' fin Expositivo!"SpirituálUn'...Manwanrigî':,' ;u. .ttt-iCi MI JSÍ! "¡3-* » }i. <J A. J is. i «tapie atra tva "tycre *a than the men who expects to traverse the spirit- thronged highways of pneumatology without, like Bunyan's Pilgrim, encountering Appollyon and his snares." It scarcely needed Mr. Howitt to tell ns this; but surely the highways of London would not be so dangerous as they are if they were not also very obviously "^piiit-throng?d-=-rf they were only body thronged. And as for the'disembodied spirits whoj throng táble-lega and play on theharmoniuml(why do they-so neglect the piano ?) they do notseem to us, as'far as Mr, Dale Owen's stories, and those of the believing correspondents of the Stir and 'Dial go, 'to be more than -exceedingly empty-minded Calibans. Mr. Howitt is reilly acting unfairly by those whom he condemns in not pointing-out some of the higher spiritual advantages which he has received by this peculiar method. He- enumerates some of them, bnt'they do not strike us-as remu- nerative. He had seen a pencil stand up «of itself, j<md write on paper, he s-ys ; but he''does not say .what the writing was, whether it wsrs a Mené 'Mené Tekel Upharsin, or such a communication ; as the folkjwiug, which one -of the gentlemen I records : .«Moitai Questioner. Will you'tell mo Mr. B.'s age ? «to. . " SpHt answer. Somebody has lost a black dog. .«Q. Who"? " A. Find "out. QAddingjJ 1 vwill give you such a pc*k." Nor can we-say, in spite of Mr. Howitt, that the malevolent disembodied spirits-seem quite -BO dangerous as-tnose other embodied evil spirits to which he refers. The most profoundly evil spirit of which we'cau find any record is tbe following, who obviously combined malicious views with a strong desire to hasten the process by wfei cb. the English language may eventually lose its digamma:: Q. Drt-you know Rev. Mr. M. ? "A. Yes, I know Hm very-well. ; '* Q. Ja he married? "A. No. [We knew this to-be false.] " Q. Are you sure of that ? .*« A. Yes, Wolf-dog. " It [the table] then cimmenc^d rolling about in the manner which your other carres-* pondents have described, and "it was some time before wccould resume tho «conversation. We then asked H " Q. By what agency do »you toll us these things? " Desoil. '.The answer was eeverál 'ímes repeated. No cros3-examication could induce it to alter the ? middle letter." Mr. Howitt would, of course^-say with us, that these inspirations come from-a- vcry uninstructivei not to say degraded, order of-spirits. But when we press 'him to show us 'tho advantages of his higher position on '' the spiritual plane," he answers, liko all bi.« friends, in>vague generalities:; talks of mediated poetry, wbkh is dreadtally inferior to 'the terrestrial product, so far as .our experience goes ; mediated .niu>ic,- which seems limited to tho harmonium ; modiated drawing, of which we 'have seen a collection of specimens, exceedingly inferior, not merely to human art, but, as we believe, to the unmediated. art of the same individual s end the Baron .'-Goldensttabbe'a " thousaod specimens of direct spirit writing," tile value of which appears to consist, not in their 1 meaning, but their origin. These spirit auto- graphs were obtained " by persons going into the first stationer's shop they came to, haying a packet of note-paper, putting their seal on it, and never Jetting it pass out of th e r bands till they had laid nit down at a distance from themselves and the iBaron in open light and sight. Baron Goldenatubbe -Sias published a book on this subject, and given !'£eC'siruiies of some-of the commuoieaiiona." Yes,: . bat were tliese wonderful communications worth ihawing when thoy-catne ? VVe haye seen a good raeny, private and .printed, and can honestly say .we never saw ono ofany kind of intrinsic, valuo yet. Mr. Howitt gives us a story of 9 physician who, ?haring left a little country , patient about Wliom he was-very anxious, inquired by a silent question of 'hisi(Mr. Howitt's) table-spirit how the boy was, and r-eceived for answer, "Jesus Christ has taken little David to his rest," which turned out Ao bo .true;; bat as Mr. Howitt himself observes, the same answer might hat e .been obtained as .quiakly, and .perhaps with more .certainty, by the'iron telegraph, seeing that the .^mendacity of many of tho spiritual agents is admitted, and even anxiously maintained by the spiritualists .them' i selves. Daca, then, the pitiableness of our condition at the fool -of the " spiritual plane" consist in our rennouncing the advantage of tho rather untrust- worthy species of telegraph, in which a false an- swer teems rather more common than a true one ? Or do these .dictated! oracles which make " me- diumistic** viaducts of tables and alphabets ' really appear to participate in any degree in the nature ofthat older kiitd of inspiration whieh fastened its hold on some human character kefore finding its way into language bf any kind ? All ; we can say is, that if there be such oracles, Mr. Howitt and his friends do themselves great injustice in .withholding them. Mr. Dale Owen tells us of the spirit of a rejected lover, then no more, who suddenly seized on the hand of the lady who had rejected him; and comforted her in a season of grief by writing from left to right and upwards, so that she had no notion of what she was writing, till the whole was completed, the following words, of which he gives us a facsimile. "Ye are; sorrowing. as one without hope. Cast thy burden' on thy God arid he will help thee. -B.G.D." ? ; ; But only -the curious selection of pronouns appears, to be due to R. G. D., the other words being a compound of a sentence ; in St.- Paul' , and a',' sentence in the Psalms.; On 'another occasion the flame spirit , telegraphed in the same way-i; ,?' ; V ? 1 ? '-'< "R. a. D. " To show you that we are thinking and work- ing for you " accompanying : the communication by a present j (mediated through a mortal .stranger) of'a large I Kewfoundlorid dog for which the : lady had been wishing. This is the' nearest approach to a'com- bination of spiritual teaching ' and . secular bene- ficence of which we have read.' But might not the Bible and the direct influence pf Heaven have given this lady ratner fuller spiritual helpiwithout K." G. D.Z. andas to.the Newfoundland dog, the spirit's Togenoy ia certainly* :not "'clearly made out. AU we'wish to know is, why we ought, as Mr. Howitt insists, to. expend time in sitting in a devotional frame of mind in: a domestic "circle, with the tips of ¿ur fingers on a table, in order to;*investigate spiritual phenomenai:whichi if real at all, are usually quite aa frivolous, and not so ¡wfiólspme.as around game at cards,?. Mr.; Howitt alludes1 vvith-respectful awe to a<spiritualist lady, Mrs.' R,, in a haunted house at Ramhurst¿ in Kent, whose story ia told. by Mr rt.Dalo Owen, and! who 'had attained a very high position n " on the -.spiri tuaT plano.** íTintfing the door 'of, her;^bedroom ?blocked;up by a1 phantom^supersotib^} In,.'illùy with a spiritual epitaph on Dame Children's earthly errors, she »hue her eyea and ru-hed thiongh it, exclaiming to a lady in the drawing room who was yet higher on the spiritual plane than herself, "Lawaï my dear, I've ron through Mrs. Children." Now suppose that, by solici- tous "mediumistic'' studies, we could so far raise our own posi ion on the spiritual plane'' as to walk through a ghost at every step down the Strand, how wouM that elevate our spiritual con- dition ? " Mrs. B." does not appear to have de- rived any advantage, spiritual or otherwise, by I penetrating this antique shadow in Queen Anne cosíame. There is no kind of «évidence that a conscious dive through the bust t)r bowels of a ghost has aoy spiritualising irifloence at all. We are disposed to «grée with the spirits of Lady Blessiogton's crystal, as against the alphabetic and mechanical spirits, 'that " the class ot-spirits who are in the habit cf commu- nicating with mortals by rapping and such proceedings, is such that'H behoves all Christian people"*! be on their guard against error and delusion through tlreir metns." And wo should ?quite assent to situiiar warning testimony on the part' of the noisy table-turners against the quiet spirits in Lady Blessingtons' crystal, if, as wedo not-doubt-looking to tko mutualijealousiea of the ?paries-such warning-testimony exists. On the whole, we must say that Mr. Howitt his made no ¡prima facie case for amortal1 inquiry. That the .Emperor of the French, Adalbert ot Bavaria, the 'ftueen of Holland, «the Czar, end Lord Lynd- hurst believe ia thoro -creatures may be tree-; and ?if «o, they are no doubt at " a higher position on the spiritual plane" titan we who Btand at the bottom without even a wish to ascend, Bet why .should we wish to-sbare in these unseemly -romps .with spirits, who tug at your . trousers and pinch yaur legs ? We ean only say that to us it would be a personal «hame to learn that any lost friend of our own had'taken to floating tables-*ind fat -.gentlemen as a gratification to mortal cariosity, or to *' poak " a joko tt us by their bad -spelling. Unit ss Mr. Ho witt has something better to tell -us of the resnltsof his fimity-a'tar, we "muât say that, the question of evidence apart, -we should not wish to become " mediumistic." If it be .God's will that those who are gone into a world of light" while-we-yet linger here, should-influence our minds for good, we can be truly thankful for tho unconscious gain. But, for God's-«ake, let .us be content-with spirits speaking to'the spirit, -and not degrade the sweet and venerable images of the departed bysumtnoniag<thetn to-such tours <de force as alphabetical spelling, liavmonium playing, spirit-drawing, NewfoundJand-dcg-giving, .or waste of notepaper by.bad autographs %accom panted with -raps. 