THE CALEDONIAN GAMES. New Year's Day was bonny. To those indeed who, less fastidiously fashionable than the ghost in Hamlet, do not object to getting up in time to "scent the morning air," some dubious mists might have been seen early yesterday morning banging about the shaggy locks of the brow of Warrenheip. Soon, however, the sun shone forth, and asserted himself right royally all the live long day. The overarching heavens were unspecked with a cloud, and Christopher North's holiday-keeping countrymen, at the Copenhagen Grounds, really did, as he says (barring the nativity ot the skies) "hold up smiling faces in the sunshine, and from their bold foreheads fling back the blue beauty of their native skies." There was, however, a trifle more dust and a trifle less "Glenleevet" under the colonial "blue beauty" than in the latitude of the noctes; but we doubt if ever a merrier day was spent by the men of tartan and heather. Indeed, the Scotchmen and Scotchwomen seemed to muster in greater force than ever yesterday as if by way of practical retort to the Argus strictures anent the sports called Caledonian. There never was a more suc cessful gathering in this district, and as Ballarat generally excels Melbourne in its show of kilts, and pipers, and athletes, our readers will understand the success of the day when we state that yesterday there were more than double the usual number of bagpipes and bare legs visible, while the competitors in some of the events very far exceeded previous occasions. Early in the morning the cars began to ply to and fro, and groups of people, among whom the Scottish bonnets and tartans were very fre quently to be seen, lined the road in the direction of the grounds. With their usual want of punctuality the procession of the Caledonian Society did not begin its march till an hour or more after the appointed time. About ten o'clock the pro cession began the march from Stewart's Family Hotel, Main road. Pipers in cos tume headed the procession, followed by the band of the B.V.R.R. Then came more pipers behind bearers of the Scottish flag, of the Buninyong Society, and following these were members of the Ballarat and Bunin yong societies, the band of the Western Fire Brigade closing the procession. Hanging on the skirts, and indeed surrounding the procession, were a host of miscellaneous pleasure seekers, who swelled the crowd as the march proceeded until by the time the grounds were reached the whole road was filled. Arrived at the entrance to the grounds the earnest tone of the day began to make itself more unmistakable. Cars and other vehicles, filled with holiday folks, driven by drivers recklessly in haste to get rid of their freights, jostled each other, el bowing crowds of pedestrians pushed their way through clouds of dust and stalls of confectionary and fruit, eager equestrians pelted along to the ter ror of shrinking women and children and the unhappy ticket-sellers at the gates were at their wits-end in endeavoring to meet the clamorous demands of the increas ing and still increasing crowd. Inside the grounds the scene was soon even more exciting, and by noon the whole boundary circle of the arena and every portion of the grand stand were packed close with a gaily dressed mass of people, not fewer than from 5000 to 6000 persons being present. From the southern side of the grounds the sight was worth the looking at, and bright bonnie eyes there were to look at it too. In the centre of the arena a gay arch of cosmopoli tan bunting was flattering in the breeze, its centre being supported by a tall pole erected there. Beyond the arch, which served as a varicolored frame, the grand stand sloped upwards with its serried rows of pleasure-takers, amongst whom the light dresses and waving ribbons of the ladies predominated, and lent a charming mobility to the picture. In the middle foreground ever shifting groups of tartaned Highlanders, interspersed with the rather prononcé uniforms of the two bands, heightened the general impression, and made up a strikingly picturesque tableau. Nor were there wanting certain smaller acces sories to the picture. Along the whole front of the grand stand ran colored sheeting with various devices, and at the top a line of tiny pennons waved restlessly in the wind, while over these there hung divers national flags. Beneath pennons and flags there was depicted a fierce- looking bunch of thistles, and widely stretched on either hand of the thistles was the Scottish warning, "Nemo me impune lacessit." Scanty bunches of evergreens hardly hid the nakedness of the timber framework of the gallery- front, nor hid the more important view of the field and its ever changing sports. Nor were there wanting more vulgar, but equally valuable elements in the business. Booths for the supply of refreshments were in plentiful supply. Underneath the grand stand there were Armstong's Camp booth, Maconochie's Albion booth, and Stewart's Family booth. West of the stand were Tait's Highlander's booth, and Carter's con fectionary stall. East of the stand were Chapple's confectionary stall, and Moody's Royal Oak booth ; and on the south side of the arena, immediately opposite the stand, was Crow's Supreme Court booth. All these places thrived famously all day long. On the north-west side of the arena was the building set apart for the committee, guests and competitors, and tables were then amply served by the contractor, Mr Tait, of Tait's Hotel. It was noon before the familiar sound of "Auld Lang Syne'' proclaimed the opening of the day's games, the ball being begun by a reel by the Highlanders. And here we must make note of the unwonted display both of kilted men and pipers. Instead of the illus trious "one piper," who inspired criticisms in Melbourne, there were half a dozen de lighting Scottish ears at the Copenhagen Grounds on Wednesday; and instead of the "dozen men in kilts" who did duty for the Melbourne Society, there were more than thirty on Wednesday asserting their rever ence tor philabegs and sporrans. The first event was PUTTING THE HEAVY STOKE, (22lbs.) First prize, £5 5s; second do, £2 2s. (Judges—Messrs Gray, Boy, and Morton.) Entries—C. Nicholson, J. Haig, J. M'Lean, and J. Brown. First prize, Nicholson, dis tance 31 feet 8½ inches; second prize, Haig, distance 31 feet 5½ inches. STANDING HIGH LEAP.—First prize, £3 3s; second do, £1 1s. (Judges—Messrs W. C. Smith, Elliott, and Lewis.) Entries—P. Telford, W. M'Kelvie, W. Bellett. First prize, M'Kelvie, height, 4 feet 4 inches; second prize, Telford, height, 4 feet 3 inches. HIGHLAND FLING —First Prize, £8 8s; Second do, £1 1s. (Judges—Messrs Stewart and Robertson.) Entries—W. Coutts, W. A. Stewart, W. Haig. First prize, Haig; second prize, Stewart. PUTTING THE LIGHT STONE—First Prize, £4 4s; Second do, £2 2s. (Judges—Messrs Hedrick, Morton, and Chalmers.) Entries—J. M'Lean, C. Nicholson, J. Haig, J. McDonald, D. Reedy. First prize, Haig, distance 34 feet 6½ inches) second prize, Nicholson, 33 feet 11 inches. HOP STEP AND LEAP—First Prize, £3 2s; Second do, £1 1s. (Judges—Messrs W. C. Smith, St Quentin, and Glover.) Entries—C. Hatfield, W. Bellett, Spears, W. M'Kelvie, P. Burke, A. Thompson First prize, M'Kelvie, distance 89 feet 8 inches; second prize, 38 feet 6 inches. HIGHLAND REEL. THROWING HEAVY HAMMER.—First Prize, £6 5s; Second do, £2 2s. (Judges—Messrs Chalmers, Dunne, and M'Kay. Entries—J. Haig, C. Nicholson, F. M'Do nald, C. Lamont, J. M'Lean. First prize, Nicholson, distance 91 feet 10 inches; Haig, 87 feet. EA« 120 YABM.-First Prize, £3 Sc Ci^, Kelly, and BUiot 1 Starter-Mr Danes.) Entries-C. Perrin, C. Hatfield, C. Traver n sdbv J. T. Mason, J. Tamer, Emen W StoPK», J-T- Walker. w- Bellett, W R Gili P Telford. Mason had the stan w hi« professional renown waned befor the better luck of Travers and faery. J iostline of Emery by «avers disqualifie Travers, who was in first, from claiming th tot prize, «nd as he refused to run agaii with Emery, the prizes were awarded a follows:-First prize, Emery; second prize ^Brei DssssBD HIOHXÍSDBB.- Shoulde; Buckle, or £3 3s. rJudges- Messrs Gray, Stewart, and lorimer.) Entries-B. B. Paton, W. A. Stewart, A finlayson, J- M'Millan, A. M'Donald. The prize was awarded to Finlayson, but the judges highly commended all the com petitors as exhibiting excellent taste in theil costume. BIST DBKSSED HIQSXAND Bor.-Society's SOvsr Medal, with suitable inscription. (Judges-Messrs Gunn, Sinclair, and Lorimer.} Entries-B. Durie, Di Kennedy, S. Men zies.) * The prize was awarded to Durie, bnt Menzies was deemed to have merited a com ? ptiiuentary gift of 10s, which was therefore giren. DAKOE-GnsdE CALLVM. -First Prize, £8 3a; Second do, £1 ls. (Judges-Messrs Robertson, Stewart, and Boy.) Entries-W. A. Stewart, W. Coutts. First prize-Coutts; second prize, Stewart* Vxmnsa WITH THE Pou.-First Prize, £5 SB; Second do, ¿62 2s. * (Judges-Messrs Elliott, Kelly, and Chal mers. Entries - Bellett. M'Kelvie, Simpson. There w som« capital play in this event as will Be seen by the heights attained.' First prize, M'Kelrie, height 9ft 3io; second prize, Simpson, height 9ft Sin. THROWIHG LIGHT HAKXXB-First Prize £i 4s; Second do, £i 2s. ' (Judges-Messrs Hedrick, M*Kay and I Warren.'» . filtrier- J. Haig, C. Lamont, F. M'Don ald, C. Nicholson. The same competitors were successful in this as in the heavy ham mer event, and indeed a more masterful wielder of the hammer than the inevitable Haig and Nicholson would be a phenomenon, first prize, Nicholson, distance 112ft 2£in; sennd prize, Haig, distance 105ft 2in. TosMHG THE CAUB-First Prize, £i 4s ; Second do, £2 ¡ts; Third do, £1 ls. (Judges: Messrs Gunn, Gray, and M'Kay.) Entries -J. Haig, J. Swan, C. Nichol son, F. M'Donald, W. Haig, J. M'Donald, W. B. Bishop. The caber was a green white gum pole, 16 feet IO inches long, and from 12 to 18 laches in circumference. In this game John Haig is unapproached, as yet, at all ooz gatherings here. In it the hardest «otk and the strongest man met together yesterday, as usual, but even Haig could not " toss" the pole till it was abridged of its too great length. He tossed it at 15 feet 3 inches, and J. M'Dowall succeeded at 14 feet 9 inches, Bishop coming in for the third prize. HtoatAND KEEL. - GRAND HANDICAP SIMPLE-CHASE, 600 TAEDS, over Six flights of Hurdles 3 feet 6 inches high. Two Water 1 Laps, one 22 feet long and 5 feet deep, and the other 14 feet long and 4 feet deep. First Prize. £6 6s; Second do, £i 4a; Third do, jU 3s; Fourth do, £2 2s. (Judges-Messrs Davies, Kelly and Craig.) Entries-J. P. Coleman (25), W. Foster (scratch), M'Kelvie (10), Pusch (30), Bellett («cratch). Travers (20), Walker (25), Mason (10), Selby (10). This event created a good deal of interest, and the floundering in the deep water caused no ead of fan. M'Kelvie was expert in all the items of the race, and won an easy first, Bellett being second, Selby third, and Travers fourth. Pira MOMO-P3EOCH.-First Prize, £3 3s ; second prize, £2 2s. (Judges-Mesara Robertson and Stewart.) Entries-Finlayson, A. M'Donald, Charle First prize, Finlayson ; second prize A. li'Dooald. j SACK BACK.-Firet prize, £2 2s ; second do, £1 ls. (Judges-Messrs Morton and Davies.) Entries-W. Coulthard, B. Baine, Pro fessor Sampson, R. Coulthard, A. Thompson. The distance in this event was not so great as it should have been, and the fun therefore vas not so capital as was expected by many. Still it was a laughable affair, and was highly enjoyed by everybody, no doubt. W. Coulthard won the first prize and Baine the second. BBOAD SWORD EXERCISE.-First prize, ¿33«; second prize, £2 2s. (Judges-Messrs St. Quentin, M. Campbell, and R. Thompson.) Entries-Bugler Gunn, W. Calderwood, i. M'Millan, C. Pimm, J. Hunter, Posch. There was some very good play shown it this event, and the men managed to keep their tempers well; a feat sometimes failed in «hile wielding the mimic weapon. Ii the first bout Calderwood, M'Mfllan, am Posch made 11 points each, Hunter 8 points Pimm 5 point«, and Gunn 4 point!«. M'Millan aod Pusch then had anothe round, «hen Pusch made 11 and M'Millai 4 points. M'Millan and Calderwood chet set-to, and Calderwood made 11 points, ani M'Millan 9 points. The first prize wa Aerdote adjudged to Pusch, and the s econ t» Calderwood. iUet IT KIMBERS OF THE SOCTETT, I HIGHLAKD COSTUME -Silver Shoe Buckles (Judges-Messrs Craig, Lewis, and Rankin Entries-A, Greenfield, W. Haig, J. 1 walker, C. Nicholson. First prize, Greet field; second prize, Nicholson. Düren, SamnaEWs-First Prize, £2 2i Second do, £1 lg. (Judges-Messrs Stewart and Robertson.; Entries-W. A. Stewart, M'Milla First prize, Stewart ; second priz M'Millan. Btnrawo HIGH LEAF-First Prize, f 3 3 second do, £1 ls. (Judges-Messrs Chalmers, Elliott, al W. C. Smith.) Eutriea-C. Hatfield, W. Meredith, Y M'EeNie, W. Simpson, F. Lyons. Fii prize, M'Kelvie, height 5 feet 1 inch; seco; prhe, Meredith, height 5 feet. HAKDICAP BACK, 800 YABDS. First Pris « 5s; Second do, £2 2s; Third do, £1 3 (Judges-Messrs Craig. Davies, and KeJlj Entries-Walker and Gellatly (2! «füll (20), Mason, Emery, and Sel t*J"<*)i Victor (20), Bowes (35). This was a good event, and all the kno >ng ones, and those who were not kno wi .»es, too, were electrified by seeing all t "Perts beaten by Gellatly, a raw Ball* "na. Gellatly and Mason, the great M wrarne runner, came in a dead heat, w «»wes third ; and the tie being run oflf T*»n*nd Gellatly, the "young no" cc P'eteiy distanced his antagonist, and v «WJy^ Prises, l, Gellatly; 2, Masoni ftri Music MASCH ES ABD STRATHAM *uw Prize, £3 ag. second do, £2 2a. *» ext» prize-a Set of Bagpipes ?» given to tile best player of Pibrw ?«««s, Beela, and Strathspeys. J^gw-Messrs. Stewart, M'Lach a¿SeUan, Bankin, and Dr. Rowan.) ïn?"?"-^ K«»layson, A. M'Dori '.Lnarlison, E Edgar. a T«« events were tried on theprev « *.« fte j^ges nOTr made their awi ?s follows : Rm prize-For marches and atrathsc &°; BECOND PH». Edyar. M"DonaldPtiZe gener*1 ext*Nence » __, HITCH AHD KICK. nnrt Pru», £3 8s¡ Second do, £1 li yndps-Messrs. Dalgleish and Gnni öitnes- Hatfield, Boyd, Selby, E V" »as the first time thia pecul **S«>t came has been tried here, consists in kicking a tin plate pended from a tiling like a gallows, and be wno kicks highest wins the higbest prize. The conditions are that the kicker shall " rise off one foot, sick, and aught upon same foot." Selby andSlton soon exhausted their abilities, .and after a great deal of dis puting between the ether two and the judges, the first prize was won by Hatfield, and the second by Boyd. j DANCE-BEEL or TULLOCH. First Prize, £2 2s; second do, £1 ls. (Judges-Messrs Stewart and Robertson.) Entries -D. M Donald, F. M'Donald, J. M'Millán, W. A. Stewart. Krst prize, F. M'Donald; second prize. Stewart, HANDICAP HURDLE RASE, 400 YABDS. Over Six flights of Hurdles, S feet 6 inches high. First Prize, £5 Ss; Second do, £3 3s; Third do, £1 ls. (Judges-Messrs Kelly, Davies, and Craig.) Entries-Emery and M'Kelvie (scratch), Bellett (5), Greenfield and Turner (8), Wil liams, Simpson, Hatfield, and Coleman (10), Selby (15), Travers, Walker, and Mason (20), Poach and Spiers (25). ~ It was resolved, as the day was now nigh spent, and the competitor nigh spent too, that there should only be one event: and after a smart brisk run the winners were Selby, 1; M'Kelvie, 2. Greenfield, 3. TrXiTiKQ AX THE RiNQ.-Cup and Silver Medal. (Judgesj-Messrs Kelly, Craig, and Bankin,] The following entries and points wert made:-G. Smeaton, 2; F. Clarke, 7; B Mather, 2,- M'Gee, 3; Dalgleish. <S\ D Gunn, 3; D. Stewart, 7; P. Hedrick, 6: Innes, 5; W. Drysdale, 3; W. Calderwood 0; Fraser, 2. Messrs Clarke and Stewarl then rode off their tie, with the following xe suit:-Clarke, 2; Stewart, 1. The pris« was therefore awarded to Mr Clarke. This closed the events of the day, one oi two boys' races having been introduced a intervals to the great amusement, of the on lookers. The whole proceedings of the pro gramme were got through with as mud order as is generally compassable, but wit! a better office arrangement the entries cooli be more easily made; and they would thei be also more easily obtained by the repre sentatives of the press, who had yesterday to pick up their information here, there, an« everywhere, instead of being able, as the: onght, to get all the figures from the secre tary's office. That unfortunate officer, hov erer, tras imprisoned in a tiny pox about S feet by 4 feet, and was himself at the mercy of a chronic assault of tongues, without being made the only authorized recipient of entries. Of the activity and courtesy of the judges and the directors of the games generally, we cannot speak too highly. Their labors were very onerous, and their patience beyond praise. The temper of the great crowd was excellent in the main, and the police, under the superintendence of Mr Inspector Kabat and Mr Sub-Inspector Downing, bad but little to do except when, on one occasion, a drunken pair of Irishmen created a violent row in the crowd, terrified j a lot of ladies, and were not secured tm they I had brutally assaulted Sergeant Lamer, and his assistants. Both rowdies were at length I handcuffed, and tied by the legs and so safely conveyed per car to the lock-up. Tlie games being finished, the procession of the morning re-formed, and began the homeward march ; but a quarrel ensued between certain members of the rival bands as to the right of precedence in the procession. This little difficulty was after awhile partially got over, and the march continued as far as Bellair's Bain bow Hotel, when a halt was called, and tiie President of the Caledonian Society, Mr A. C. Kerr, and the other directors, ac companied by their Buninyong guests and others, repaired to the large room of the hotel. The chair was taken by Mr Kerr, and, among other toasts, the company drunk " Success to the Ballarat and Bun inyong Highland Societies." Several speakers alluded to the late article in the Argus touching the games of the Cale donians, and pointed mention was made of the ineffectual effort of the " leading jour nal " to damp the ardour of the lovers of celebrations so criticised ; the entire success of the gathering that day being regarded as the most gratifying proof of the determina tion of Scotsmen hereabouts to maintain their time-honored and heal th-promoting recreations. After a brief sojourn at Bel lair's Hotel, the company broke up, and the pipers were soon heard wending their way homeward. THE OVENS DEPUTATION MYSTERY. Messrs O'Connor and Weekes are openly stat&l; by the Ovens Constitution to be two of the M.P.'s who-as insinuated by Messrs Toxall and Darvall-participated in the £139 12s charged by them as their expenses in Melbourne, upon the occasion of the recent deputation relative to the Municipal Water Scheme. Commenting upon the con duct of the two msmbers of the deputation in circulating such reports, the Ovens Con stitution remarks:-"Throughout the while affair there has been no circumstance more dastardly and reprehensible than the endeavor of these men to divert censure from themselves by casting imputation upon the membeis of the House. This they have notoriously done from the beginning. From the hour when their extravagance was first challenged to the present moment they have sought to shield themselves ander the dishonorable pretence of having had hungry, thirsty, and greedy M L A.'« to deal with I We have not yet exposed, in its true colors, this barefaced 'dodge,' by which the real cul prits hope to escape by means of political prejudices and an unmanly attempt to impli cate others in the offence for which they alone are responsible. And be it observed, this calumny upon the representatives of the country originated with the deputies and their backers, and has been reiterated in one form or another in the hearing of every ratepayer in Beech worth. If a portion of the sum in question was spent as intimated, then these men are accomplices in corruption, and are now informers against their mates. If no such outlay was perpetrated, they are public calumniators, and have themselves incurred the condemnation they thought to bring upon others. Let them take their choice, and if they hold to the latter alternative, we shall still find it necessary to press the further inquirç-,-'If you did not "tip," how did you spend the money.'" SOMETHING WRONG IN THE ARRANGE" KENTS.-The constables who escorted Sydney Fenny from Sale to the lower district had a very narrow escape. The manager of the Bank of Victoria at Sale sent some gold down by the coach which contained the pri soner, having placed it in the charge of the senior constable of the escort. Just before entering the big swamp this officer took a survey of his prisoner, and to his dismay saw one of the parcels of gold lying on the floor of the coach directly between Penny's feet. He, of course, halted the escort, and secured the treasure, which eventually reached Port Albert in safety. In cases where no constable rides in the coach with prisoners, the bank, which desires to avail itself of a police escort, should send a special messenger in charge of their gold. In this case Penny was accompanied by an old mate, and it would have been very easy for this man, had be known the value of the parcel, to have thrown it into the scrub, and returned for it at a future time. Had he done so, the whole blame would have been visited on the unfortunate constable. Gipps Land Guardian, 27th December. WANTING TO BE MARRIED.-Ou the morning of Christmas Day a clergyman of Ballarat bad nearly delivered half his ser mon, when a young digger, dressed in a new suit, with A blooming tassie by his side, and attended by two friends, entered the church, and, advancing towards the pulpit, ex claimed," An you please, your honor, I am come to be married !" The minister was for the instant astounded by his most unreason able application, but presently recovered bis composure, and told the young gentleman he must come the next day.-GttUng Chro nirie, 31st December. 