THEATRE ROYAL. RICHARD THE THIRD. Mr. Barry Sullivan has hit the taste of the audience in his Richard the Third, though it is a character which depends for its success less upon the mental than upon the physical qualities of the actor. Hence while in Richelieu and Hamlet Mr. Sullivan receives the silent approba- tion of thoughtful minds, whose close attention to the progress of the piece is in itself a compliment, he effects, as the stormy Duke of Gloucester, frequent and vociferous applause Speaking for ourselves, we prefer the quieter . scenes of Richard the Third" as, for example, his wooing of the Lady Anne, and his interview with the civic magnates, who come to press upon him the acceptance of the crown ; but the popular taste lies in the opposite direction, and the most boisterous passages of the tragedy were those which were received last night with the most tumultuous demonstrations of applause. To say that Mr. Sullivan rants in " Richard the Third" is not to pass censure on him, for so has every representative of the crooked-back usurper we ever saw. ' It is a necessity imposed upon ' them by the language but into their months, and the situations in which they are placed, by the chapters of the acting edition of the play, which, though it contains a good deal of Shakspeare, comprises much that has been imported into the tragedy for the sake of dramatic or melo-dramatic effect. In effect, Richard the Third, as he is presented to us in the stage versions of the play, is one of those roaring villains who out-Herod Herod, an unscrupulous cut-throat, who makes a commodity of conscience, revels in atrocities which would cause other men's blood to curdle, behaves with repulsive cruelty to his wife, practises dissimulation to friends and foes, is brave on the battlefield and a coward after dark, and finishes a life of almost incredible wickedness by dying a hardened reprobate, and praying with his latest breath that " one spirit of the first-born Cain" may Reign In all bosoms that each heart being set On bloody actions, the trade pleasingly end, And darkness be the burier of the dead." The popularity of Mr. Sullivan's interpretation of the character may be inferred from the fact that he was called before the curtain at the end of every act ; while a similar compliment was paid to Mr. Warner at the close of the performance. In the final combat with Richmond, Mr. Sullivan showed the ruling passion of the character he portrayed strong in death. After a hand to hand encounter, conducted with an earnestness that carried the by nips thies of the audience with it, Richard is partially disabled and sinks upon the ground, but continue the fight in the disadvantageous position, until on access of energy, inspired by passion, enables him to regain his footing. Then, fighting wildly, and with the unguardedness of desperation, he receives his death wound, in disarmed, and endeavours to grapple with and strangle his victorious enemy. Foiled in this and faint with loss of blood, he falls upon the ground, breathing stertorously, but still holding death at bay by the exercise of a resolute will. Lifting himself on one arm, by a vigorous effort, be glares at his destroyer, and utters the male- diction, " perdition, catch my arm," to, which exhausts him in the utterance. Deprived of the power of articulation, and still turning his eye, upon which the film of death is gathering fast towards Richmond, he spits at him, betrays by the spasm which passes over his countenance the intensity of his vindictive hate, and its identification with his latest thought, and so yields up. his ghost. This climax was powerfully wrought up, and brought the curtain down amidst vehement expressions of applause. Men- tion deserves to be made, in conclusion, of the rich and appropriate costume adopted by Mr. Sullivan in the last act, which caused him to resemble the portrait of the last of the Plantagenets, cut from some emblazoned manuscript or illuminated chronicle of the period. 