À NIGHT ON THE CRICKET GROUND. tam «tamp> were drawn-ia was tbe lett bork. Mor look's seventy-six bed oeased to be dliouaaed, and tb tented'field waa deaerted. No eonad bat tbegentl BighiDg of tbe night air broke apon the alienee, BB it (tbi ia the night air, not the silenoe), flattered the siege 01 the deaerted marqueea, even aa he of Gorioli flattere the VolBoes in that quarter. The atara above wer sweetly shining, baring at tbat moment no pressing oe enpation of any other deaorlption ou band, «nd th solitary policeman who guardad the relioa of the ban queuing waa buried in profound meditation on loa oys, the eooka of other days and other lands, ant the probable influence of the new Aot on the privilege) end emolumenta of hie offloo. Even be, at last, oom' posed himself to lbs sleep of innoeeooe, and we sat looking from bia Ex->-n-cy's box upon tba deaerted battle-field, and pondering on the probable events of tbt morrow. We had been muoh diatnrbed, and aoareel] able to enjoy the kindness of our hospitable friend, bj tho wrangling of oar parliamentary neighbours io tbe next ahops, wbo, having duly, divided themselves inte Upper and Lower Hoaeta, with tbe appropriate .flunkeynary adjunots, ' had very nearly gol np a free fLthf on aooount of some vandal bringlag in ona of tbe noonointed and uooleagenous .from without. What form waa that, clothed in white, ao stealthily lurking among tbe troea that bordered the opposite Bide of the cricket around ? Now another, and another oreepB oat, and aa they seem to \- float or sail aUng towarda tbe scene of the lato oonteati . tbe starlight ahinea through them, and we know very well that they are gboata. But who's afraid ? Not we, ndeed. "Mind, my dear fellow," said S-r J-n, with bia usual consideration, aa we were about to leave G--t House, " mind you don't forget the pooket piatol." We winked, - with our usual urbanity. It was not very likely that we should forget that; and, having not only remembered but paid due attention to it in the eourso of the day, we were rather in a humour to tickle a ghost than to lank on it. So we indulged tbe unsub- stantial vlaitors witb a emile of ineffable benevolence and remarked, BB nearly aa weean recoiled:-"Go it, ole i'le.*' DevTah gie' see ye' ; how'a y'r'm'th'r ?" Warily and solemnly the leading flgurea moved to the wiabeta, and now, for the first time, we baoame aware tbat the gboata of old ofEolaliam were going to try for another innings f " All right," . we obuokled ; " you'll . be bowled oat in a quarter lesa than no time. Take the field, you radicals," we added, hilatioualy, " where the d-1 are yon f for we are never nloe of speeoh eave in the company of ladle's, wltb'wbom, it ls hardly neoe. Bary to'any, wo ore irresistible. But no'radicals responded to the oall, excepting a few ragamuffins whose appearanoo waa BO discreditable tbot wc were atout to awaken tho poliooman and give them in oborge,'when wa wifely remembered that evan ouch unmitigated Guys as these might be ecoeptable in an omerg-noy. But where waa tbe captain t W li oro were the leading mon of our team? The gboata of tbe de- parted had possession of the wijkets, and begar>i stealthily, to throw out íkirmisboa for the purpose ol tripping up the Guys In' tho darkness, and spoiling the \- field. Yet nobody who might .bave been roally useful . put in an appearance. Wo began to be suspicious Throwing ourselves baok In the seat, and oockiog up our patent leathers on the baok of a .chair, with tbe graoe whloh is ao natural to UB, we tapped our noBe with the foroQpgi r of our right hand, and sagacioualy awaited éventa, t .' V The firat balla were taken quietly, Tbe bowling was wrotohod, and the batsmen soon began nodding to each othor, and taking quiet lunars at the field. "Lat them go.on," said tho sepulchral voice of tbe loading -abbat ; " they'll tire thumselvee pteaently, and then we'll b'gin." And ao the gamo went on,' Our disgust waB intense, but smothered. Not a wioket waa touohed :by the - ragamuffins. They soddenly aeemcd elevated by the honour of playing ia deoent . company, and ' thought tbat sufficient, " D-n it," remarked wo to ' ouraelvoa, " tboy are men, at any rato, and BO far.better than shadows." But still tb0 wickets, were untouched. . ''Now then," oried tbe anoient cricketer at the playiog bat, "now for a run look out." " No you won't," said we, quietly entering the field, . ? You've bad it your own way pretty woll, and ought to be eatisfled. Fray what right right bavo you here ? Has tho Cricketing Aaaociation elooted yon f There was aome confusion ot oar appearance, and a simpering voice replied : " nominated by the Crown I" " Oh, bo," auld we ; " that's it, ia it ? We love and \- honour the Crown- eapooially when it ÍB oar IBBI ; but whore's your commlsaion from that quarter t ' Some ' very dirty, pieoea of papor were pro duoed, whloh wo requeatod honorable apparltlona to light their pipes witb, while we prepared to have a sby at their wickele, giving them fair warning tbat they ahonld have no underhand bowling. Wo don't know whether anybody has ever seen us when wa intend tokn'ook down an advirsary'a Blicks. If any* \- boby has ever bad tbat delight, he ia advised to commit auioide forthwith, for no greater or moro magnificent apeo, -taole awaits bim in tbia world. Aa wo poitelihe ball for a moment, tbeio waa an evident tremuloslty (we are doeply read in Italian) in the unfortnnnte speotre beforo us. Another moment, and, like a three pounder from a rifled cannon, tho leather globe deft the air, leaviog a streak of lightning in ita traok, and o -alight vapour and a few seattoiod grains of saw-duat were alone left oMiateman, bat, and wlcketat "Well ployed 1" inid aome jovial voloea boside aa; and we immediately recognised a fow of our oldest Miaislerial acquaintances. Giving them a gentle hint * that they were rather late in the field, wo again oried " pity I" while our blood WBB up, and let drive at tbe othor wicket,' which will probably bc found somewhere oo the Nerlh Shore. ' Ball aVpr bail vanished before oar stalwart assaults, and beforo we bad been Ave minutes Jo tbe field, nota voatige -remainad of the misärablea who had thought to oatoh na napping. The violory was our own, and we threw up tbe bad in triumph, whittling the national anthem, as wo turned upon our biol lo go borne. " Novar talk lo ran of oxiodioncy," enid wo to Cowper and tho others. " The 'game would have boon loat to you all bat for are deoialon and promptitude. Never let thc BI unquiet aplrila get at the wiokela again," " Bat really," aald Johannen, they aro. so very respect- able. When I tock my farewell of them tbeybriod like a child." .. ' - r " Gammon I ' aald we, Irreverently. " Don't yon be believe it, my boy. They were only poking fan at you, .aod practicing the sublimation of humbug, wbioh ia to humbug acmttoiy else into the bellof that he ia hom* bugging you." . . ' . . . ' They munt bave left us about thia time, lor it was daylight when we found oureelvea Investing witb great attention tl e state of tho vegetation on the critket Sround, whloh we ara prepaiod to pronounce deoidediy amp. It «ill ba all tbe better for a roller tbla morning after tho desperate play of lost night. We feel aatisDed that furrow! have been left by sume of our rippers, and we shall have no.objection to give Ooflyn a law lesscna when wo'vu tot over tho rheumatism. IIB luoky, by the. woy, that the Ovo shillings fino i a n't in foroe now, for wo didn't happen to bavo it about ua. 