-i[0rrtfispnd«tcij. Asa general rale, wevish it to lie understood that ire do not identity ourselves with the opinions or expressions of our correspondents. 2b the JEditor of the Inquirer and Commercial News. Sib.— -In common with the community in general, I felt a deep interest in the fate of the unfortunate men who were lately convicted, and sentenced to suffer death, at Perth. The noble and simultaneous effort made in their behalf by a large portion of the wealth and intelligence of the colony, and the manner in which their appeal for mercy was responded to by the Governor, is worthy of all praise. 1 wish the matter has been allowed to rest at that point. But, Sir, we are supplied with a sequel, in the shape of a letter front the Colonial Secretary, that could have been well spared. The letter appeared in your issue of the 20th inst. It reminds me of our late ruler, and I was led to euppose, for a moment, that he had died suddenly from chagrin, at our Governor's act of mercy, and that bis ghost had ap peared to our Colonial Secretary, and had dictated that precious epistle. The writer of*tthe letter would have us be lieve that His Excellency vas not satisfied witb himself, for having spared the doomed men. ' That he had not been sufficiently informed, on some points.' That the probability of the convicts not being aware of the fearful consequences of their crime, &c.; What twaddle is this ? Sir, I wonder n-ho does know tbe law. It has been said by a great authority, himself a lawyer, *? that there are three classes of persons who did nut understand the law ; namely, the persons who make them, the persous who administer them, and the persons who are punished for breaking them.' I be«?to remind the Colonial Secretary that *one man has been lmnged here in his time, for violence, (not murder) no robbery, and one not long since, for robbery, no violence. A man was also hung for an assault upon a warder at the Convict Establishment. . Yet it is supposed that those men did not kaow these things. H ere there is an answer forw. your contemporary, who ad vocates tbe penalty of death, in order, as he says to deter others. Sir, our excellent Governor's act of mercy, required neither anolofifv nor ex planation. 'Twas a noble act, and done like a gentleman aud a Christian. But this letter tells us that the Governor will never act so again, he has done a good action, but it will be bis last ; and why not ? Is the public executioner, the best corrector of morals ? The parent' country has made the law much milder than formerly ; and, like wise and dispassiouate legislators, th y do not now condemn to death, a man who though guilty of one bad act, has done, or is likely to do, more service, than injury to society. England has now put in requisition the restrictive aits of Government, thinking it wrong to convert correction u-.io vengeance, and thas the laws have become the protector and not the tyrant of tbe public. Surely, Sir, this colony cannot do wron-r in acting in this particular like England. I have little sympathy with heroes and politicians, as we usually term them, but far above them all would be the benefactor to his species, whose ; wisdom shall have taught him, to set a right value on the life of man ; whose eloquence in legislative assemblies should cause ' mercy and truth to meet together,' and under whose auspices should arise an order of things, more worthy of man as a social being 'than the golden age pourtrayed by poets, or the iuillenium panted for by enthusiasts. It would be presumpsion in a very humble individual, like the writer, to pre tend to dictate to persons placed in au thoritj-, what amount of'punishmentoffendcrs against the laws either merit, or should receive ; but I would plead for life, O ! do nut shed Mood. VW. may find that creatures whose souls were held as dross, only wanted the Land of the refiner. That wretches, whom we are disposed to cut off, lest our interests might be endangered, might if properly treated, serve by their exertions to benefit society, to a much greater amount, than their crimes had injured it. That, as their faces were like ours, their hearts were so also ; that few minds are so base, but that perseverance and kindness will amend ? hem ; that a njan may see his last crime without dying for it ; aud that very little blood serves to cement our security. I have the honour, to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant, James CoFFKr. Dalkeith, near Perth, I August 30, 1862. J ' 