HOW ...-?ECAME..A.CB!CETSR ...... (By one of the Bgus Seven, itn Be's Ls/fse in flicZbrie.) A younger son ofa younger son, I found myself, at the age of twesty-sxl, with a profession, a very small income, and no practice; but hoping still as others had done belore; I studied ben, always sticking to the office to be ready for any business, should the goddess of Fortune think fit in one of her freaks to favour me with so desirab!e a commodity, which she at last did. I got a beginning, and if I had worked and studied hard before, I now made myself almost a slave tomy profession; for was there not in the'distane tihe prettiest pair of bright eyes combined with the most lovely face-that I some times in my wildest dreamns hoped at no distant period to call my own ? But* ."all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy'r-and the author might have added a sickly one too-and so, after two years of intense mental application, I found myself one evening riding home to my little villa, by Kenning ton, feeling altogether unwell, though unable to discover the cause. Mty appetite was pretty good, my sleep unbroken, but somehow in the morning I always seemed to wake mote tired than when I went to bed. It so happened that on this evening I found, on my arrival at home, a note from my friend Newman (a young doctor, whose acquaintance I had made at college, and had renewed upon find ing that he resided in the the same locality as myself). inviting me to spend the evening with him, his wife having gone to visit a relation at Colchester. I aecepted the invitation joyfully, for I found myself certainly in no humour for study. We were old friends, as he often ran over to spend an evening with me--as he saidto cheer me up in my bachelor lodgincs. After our usual greeting of " Well, old fellow, how are you? "--a question, of course, which we never answered-Newman asked, in his jocular way, if I had swallowed a ghost, as I most certainly looked like one. I took but little notice of the remark passing it off by saying, I supposed a hard day's work had made me feel and look a little tired. We spent a very pleasant even. inhg, and I rose to take my leave, when Newman, looking at me seriously, and beginning with the preface that he hoped he had now known me long enough, not to be misunderstood, told me in plain words that I was overworkinig myself, and that if I continued to do so much longer I should soon be unable to do any work at all. I admitted that I did not feel well, although I could not account in any way for so doing; and begged his advice as to what course I could pursue, and that be would prescribe for me-to which he replied, "Nol no! my dear fellow, I don't want you as a patient, for I could do you but little good. The disease suggests its own remedy. Close confinement in a office all day, and closer study st night; suggesets at once relaxation for body and mind-exercise and plenty of fresh air." " But my dear fellow how am I to get these; I am too poor to keep a horse, and if I take walking exercise my mind is continually at work on my last readings." "Certainly that is an objection, and although there are many other wayes of attaining the object, the right one does not at once strike me. -Billiards would employ your mind, and give you exercise, but the close atmosphere of a billiard-room I should certainly not recommend. Rowing would be better, but that has the objection of not only being nearly as expensive as horsekeep. uing, but also of being, if anything, rather too violent an exercise in your present state, the continued exertion being, Iam confident, more than you could manage with any degree of pleasure to yourself."' " I fear it would," I exclaimed, dim recollections of blistered hands, &c.;, floating before me. "I have it," he cried, "I have it, old fellow-just the thing \--can follow it at your own time-no tides, grooms, or anything else to wait for-can leave off when you feel tired, and be close to your own door. Cricket's the thing, my boy-cricket; play the game, and I'll stake my professional reputation that, with two or three hours on alternate days for a month, you will feel yourself a different man." "But, my dear fellow, I don't know anything about cricket; I' never played a game in my life." "That is no reason why you should not learn," he replied; "and you remember Boles, our old college tutor at the game; he is living in the neighbourhood, and would only be to happy to give you an hour or two's tuition at any time." I did remember Boles, but in another field than the cricket field (having bad no taste for the game), for it was he who had shown memy first partridge, and many agood day's sport we had had together-and I liked the ideal so, promising to give the matter serious considers tion, I bade him good night, and was soon at home and fast asleep. It so happened the next morning, walking (for I ' had at once determined to walk instead of rideto the office) into town, I met Boles who had a shoIrt time before renewed our old- acquaintaqce by employing me in my professioual capacity in some little busi ness in which I . was fortunate enough to succeed. After some conversation (~temembering Newman's advice).I arranged to meet him the next afternoon, at a well known ground in the neighbourhood, he promising to buy for me the .necessary bat, pads, and glboves. Behold me now at the appointed tirie, in company.with Boles, arriving. on the grounid, where, he said, he had a capital wicket for me, where "I could lit to leg." I nodded, giving him to understand I knew what he meant, though if he had spoken Cingalese he could not have puzzled me more as to his meaiing. After some little difficulty in getting on my pads, and a narrow escape of falling on nay nose, in consequenceof myawkward ness, I stood in front .of the wicket; theie were others on the ground, but as they took no notice of s I did not care. Boles was soLp in readiness, with the shirt sleeve of his right arm tucked as high 'as he could conveniently get it, and anew bright red ball.in his hand. Thinking that all was now in readiness, I endeavoured.to place myedlf in the most approved attituide, looking on either side of me at the others practising, and copying them as nearly -s I could, wh&n; I was asked by Bols if I didn't "want guard t"-another of his Clngalese phrases, *which was explained by Boles telling me tolhold my bat upright; having done which he informed me it was the-" two off" (still more pussling). However, by Boles imitating the motions of thb hand used by captains of the river steamers, I was at last got into iosition, Boles telling me I was all ight, as I had got the " two leg." Icannot.say that during this time I had felt anythinso like comfortable. Onceor twice I had a flying ball within an ich or two'of my head, while another had hit ime fair' between the two shoulders, giving.me a pain there somewhat like rheumatism; but I would not be daunted, and having seen a fresh neighbour hit the ground two or three times very hard with his.bat, I thought I could not be wrong in doing so myself, especially as I found it gave me more confidence, and I hoped mightbe some intimidation to the defiant Boles, who now, after calling ".play," I perceived was runnig frantically towards me. for what' purpose I wondered, when suriddenly stopping short turning half round, extending hisright armnn quick y, hs if throwing ,the ball at some one practiajng .about thirty yards to the left, he stood quite Itoll looking at me. At the same instant I felt something, or I cannot call it seeing (to describe it rightly, would be to say I felt I saw it), pass with terrific force between my legs and the wicket, Boles at the same time exolaiming, "that it was very close to you air." I quite agreed with Boles as to the proximity of the missile to my shins, and said.as much to him, when I found that he had meant not close to me pehsonally, but to the wicket I waks suppose to be guarding. I was now determined that the nest ball should find me a'ittle better prepared;: and keeping my eye steadfastly on Boles, who went through the same maniacal performance as before I watched the ball leaving his hand, ad cdmlng, as I supposed, to at least a foot the farther side foii the stumps, ant stepped out accordingly with the Idea of hittlngit as I had.seen the otheis do. 'Wht was my surprise to.8find that the ball, on touching thbe ground, insitead of continuing in the same direc tion (as by all the laws of motion I 'had reespa to beliee it would), took a nearly opposite coumatothat Ithadbefore,and,coming directly towards the wicket rising at-the same time, struck me .a tremendous blow on:the flesh part of the thigh. I ould havei 'erlqd with the pal,' and' hould eerteluly..s , .4.. ,..'v hfls h ,- tba ..! , ;; ",e,.4 oanht siabt in the same instant of lBole, who in hbleiTiaIst 'm?niiner saild, 'Al rgliht air, fve ounces and a half can't hurt you; the next time, Sir, keep your bat a little more upright, and allow a little for the break." As to the first part of this smea?ll speech, though I said nothing, 1 begged to differ with him; and the latter was so much more Cingalee, though I half guessed that the break must mean the peculiar direction the bell had taken after touching the grouud. Smarting under the pain, I placed myself again in position, to look out for the next ball, determined, if possible, as I could not have my revenge on Boles, at least to have it on the hall, and with that intention again stepped out, and hit viciously, as I thought, directly at it. To my great disgust my bat did not meet with the resistanceI had expected; and, turning half round with the force of my intended hit, I saw to my still grearer surprise that thestumps had evidently been disarranged. This sort of thing continued for some time, only varied by an occasional hit of more or less force in various parts of my body, with a ball played by some one of our numerous companions, the general result being that on an average about every alternate ball bowled me out. Being tired of continually refixing the stumps, and noticing also that more tllan theaverage number of spectators were looking at us. I quietly suggested to Bowles that if hie were to bowl not quite so fast I might stand a chance of hitting the ball now and then. He acquiesced, and proposed I ebould now try a few "slows." This being arranged, I went uletly back to my post, or rather three pste, and ound that, although I could now see the balls with much greater distinctuess, I was farther than ever from hlitting them, for when I stepped out to do so they bad always piassed me, and when I remained as Bowles calls it" at home," I iunvarialy knocked the balldirect into Boles' hands, and thatalways when I thought I had hit it with sufficient force to send it to the other side of the grouud ; and gettiog enraged at this did not tend to improve my play, so that eventually I was bowled out twice running. lowles now gave me to understand that it was a rule amongst cricketers, that whenever three wickets were bowled in succession, the bowler was entitled to anew bat, informing me at the same time that the last few balls I had played much too forward. Anxious to save the forfeit, I determined if possible to avoid my formner error, and for that purpose stood within my ground, and getting well back to make a vigorous hit at the baell, which was'now close upon me, I brought my new bat down with full force upon the brass ferule of the middle stump, splitting and otherwise damaging it, to the geat amusement of the surrounding erowd, and my own chagrin and annoyance. Giving Bowles to understand I had enough for that day, I quickly resumed my usual babiliments, and scarcely acknowledging the "Goodl day, Sir," of the worthy Bowles, I returned home. and lost no time in doctoring my inuch bruised body, vowing inwardly I would forfeit any sum rather than he found on a crieket field again in any other capllacity tlian that ofa looker on. The stiffness I experienced next day was something horrible, though I found my aptitude for business much fresher than it had been for many weeks, which I doubted not to be the result of the fresh air and exercise I had taken. How I afterwards became a cricketer, by the untiring advice of Newman, and the zeal of the assiduous Bowles; I must leave for others to tell; sufice it to say, I am now a member of three clubs, and one of the lest eleven in each. May everyone meet.with my success, and derive as much benefit from the really good old game. 