EBENEZER UNITED PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. THE FOUNDATION STONE The foundation stone of the new church for the use of the United Presbyterian Church in Ballarat, was laid at four o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, by the Rev. R. T. Walker, pastor of the congregation, in the presence of a considerable number of persons. The area on which the new church is to be placed, a portion of which has for the last five years been occupied by a temporary wooden erection, is situ ated on the west side of Armstrong street, between Eyre and Urquhart streets, and the new structure, when completed, will undoubtedly grace it and be an ornament to the neighborhood. At the hour mentioned the architect and contractor had every thing in readiness for the ceremony, not forgetting a plentiful supply of bunting, which fluttered around the rising walls of the new building, and from the summit Of the apparatus by which the stone was to be lowered. On the arrival of the Rev. Mr Walker from the temporary church, he ascended an elevated portion ot the south wall, closely adjoining the south east buttress, of which the foundation stones were to form a part, and gave out a portion of the 107th Psalm, which those present joined in singing. The pastor then read a portion of the Word of God taken from the 72nd Psalm. To him succeeded the Rev. James Hender son, minister of the United Presbyterian Church in Geelong, who, at the conclusion of a long prayer, supplicated Divine Providence over the workmen, engaged in the proposed building. The stone having been lowered to the right depth previous to its final deposition, and the mortar duly spread under the direction of the contractor Mr St. Quentin and the architect Mr H R. Caselli, the reverend pastor stated that the bottle he held in his hand, and pro posed to place in the cavity beneath the foundation stone, contained that day's issue of the Argus, the Star, the Tribune, Saturday's issue of the Weekly Review, and a document, of which the following is a transcript: The foundation stone of the Ebenezer United Presby terian Church, Armstrong street, Ballarat, was laid on the tenth day of December, 1862, by the Rev. Robert Thompson Walker, minister, ordained at Comrie, Perth shire, Scotland, eighteenth January, 1837, translated to Dunfermline, Fifeshire, Scotland sixth November, 1844, and with concurrence of the Foreign Mission Committee of the United Presbyterian Church, and, at the call of the congregation here, translated to Ballarat, Victoria, December, 1858. Ruling Elders.-Messrs John Whitman Gray, John Hunter, John Ramsay, William Whately, Russell Cooper, Archibald Sneddon, Alexander Liddell, Joseph Cameron, and George Kyle. Trustees and Committee of Management-Messrs J. W. Gray, Alexander Liddell, John Hunter, Archibald Sneddon, William Hardie, John Ramsay, and David Turpie, trustees ; William Gavin, Robt. Thos. Walker, Thomas Chalmers, Alexander Bonella, John Lessells, Wm. Henderson, Thomas Hart, John Eltringham, and Joseph Cameron, committee. Co-operating Building Committee-Messrs John Fer guson, James Law, George Robertson, Heriot Brown, John Henderson, Robert Smith, William Fernie, Henry Spence. President-Mr J. W. Gray. Secretary-Mr John Ramsay. Treasurer -Mr William Gavin. Architect-Henry B. Caselli, Esq. Contractor-John Calcott St. Quentin. Esq. The congregation for which this building is erected originated in March 1857. Before this, two small bodies of Presbyterians had existed on Ballarat,-the ono con nected with the Synod of Victoria, and the other with the Free Presbyterian Church of Victoria ; both re ceiving state-aid in grants of money and land. Unable to co-operate with either of these, several persons re solved that a separate congregation should be formed, holding the principles and following the practice of the United Presbyterian Church, with which, either in Scotland or in England, most of them had been con nected. The temporary building in which they now meet was consequently erected, and having been com pleted on the twenty-sixth, was opened for public worship on the twenty- seventh of December, 1857\. Tho Ordinance of the Lord's Supper was observed, for the first time on the twenty-eighth March, 1S58. The number of members on the roll on the arrival of Mr Walker, was fifty. Since then there have been added two hundred and twenty-eight. The number at present upon the roll, in full communion, is about two hundred. Not having- seen its way clear to union with any Presbyterian church in the colony, tbe congregation retained a nominal connection with the home church till, in March, 1661, it gave its adhesion to the United Presbyterian Church of Victoria, a non State aid receiving church, with which it now stands connected, cherishing the hope, however, that, by the withdrawal of State aid to religion, a way may be speedily opened to a closer connection with the other Presbyterian bodies in the colony. The temporary place of worship having been found inconveniently small, it was resolved that a new church should be erected, and plans and tenders having been called for, approved of, and accepted, the building has been auspiciously commenced. The con tract for the portion of the work now in progress, not including internal fittings for area, proposed gallery, and, it may be, tower to be added, is £1563. The land on which the building is erected is freehold, as is also that on which thc Manse in Drummond street was erected in 1859, (the improvements on this being valued at £1100), reserves in land and grants in aid, of money from the State, having been, on principle, systematically refused by the congregation. The people have offered willingly, and, with the Divine blessing on their efforts, it is confidently hoped that at no distant date the entire property belonging to the congregation will be free of debt. The name Ebenezer is given to the building, as ex pressive of grateful feelings for the Divine goodness hitherto experienced by the congregation, and as fitted to be practically useful. May that God for whose honor the house is builded fill it with his glory, ever secure within its walls the preaching of tho Gospel of his Son, in purity and sim plicity, and, accompanying the dispensation of word and ordinance with the power of the Holy Ghost, render these effectual to the salvation of many souls, so that here race unto race may praise Him and show forth His mighty deeds. Signed, in the name and on behalf of the congrega tion. ROBERT THOMPSON WALKER, Minister. JOHN WHITMAN GEAY, Preses. JOHN RAMSET, Secretary. Upon concluding the reading of the above, the Rev. Mr Walker placed the bottle within the cavity prepared for it, and after the usual ceremonies de clared the stone well and truly laid. Then mounting the stone, he delivered an address, of which the fol lowing is a transcript: Having in the name of the congregation laid the foundation stone of 'the Ebenezer United Pres byterian Church,' and declared it to be 'well and truly laid,' I do not now detain you with many remarks, seeing, if need be, I may have a more favorable opportunity afforded me for addressing many of you in connection with our proposed meeting this evening. I cannot, however, allow the present opportunity to pass without congratu lating the congregation on the auspicious commence ment of their work, and that, after worshipping for nearly five years in their present temporary church, they have the prospects, with the divine countenance and blessing accompanying their ef forts, of occupying, in as many months, a building more worthy of the denomination with which it is their honor and privilege to be connected. May he 'without whom the builders build in vain, graci ously protect from all danger those who may be personally and practically engaged in rearing the structure, may he lead his people here to present voluntary offerings in this the day of his mediato rial dignity to the now exalted Saviour, may he. when the building is completed, fill it with his promised glory, and on the day when he shall count, when he reckons up the people, may it be found, to the eternal 'praise of the glory of His grace,' that many souls have been borne here." The proceedings concluded with the usual ex hortation and prayer. DESCRIPTION OF THE NEW BUILDING. The proposed building, of which the foundations and several courses of masonry have been laid, is to be entirely of bluestone, the walls two feet thick throughout and twenty-five feet high on the sides. In the front elevation, facing Armstrong street, all the quoins of the buttresses, the table mouldings, and heads of the semicircular windows, will all be finely tooled. The style of architecture adopted, is that generally designated the Italian, but sometimes it approaches in severity to the Norman. Its Italian character is chiefly conveyed by the campa- nile or bell-tower sixteen, feet square, rising direct from the ground, irrespective of the main building, about a third of the way along to the western end. In order to economise space within the church this tower will carry the staircase leading to the in tended gallery. Each side of the tower will consist of two compartments, divided by buttresses of small projection. The two lower stages of the tower will contain the doorway to the gallery, staircase and the windows which light it, the third forms the bel fry. These will be covered by a projecting roof supported upon wooden trusses. Surmounting this there will be a lantern of three lights, on each of all four sides, also roofed, the whole reaching to an eleva tion from the ground of sixty feet or with the lightning conductor, sixty-seven feet. The prin cipal front will consist of three compartments, sepa rated by heavy buttresses of good projection. In the middle compartment will be the principal en trance doorway, entered from a flight of steps, and leading into a vestibule with swinging doors. Over head is to be a triplet window. The compartments on either side of the middle one "will each contain one large semi-circular-headed window. The main walls will each be pierced with five lights of the same form, with heavy buttresses intervening. The west wall will give admission to light by two other windows, one at each side of the building, and a wooden vestry will occupy the extreme rear. The interior measurement of the church is to be 36 feet by 70 feet, and it ts intended ultimately to have the floor supplied with open seats of deal, with pannelled ends or standards. The pulpit is to be of elaborate design, but not to be proceeded with at present for want of the necessary funds. The same reason will prevent the immediate commence ment of a gallery designed to extend around three shies of the church, but the necessary corbels will be placed on the walls as the work progresses. The ceiling will be of plaster, and flat, but divided into panels by the wooden beams forming the supports to the principals of the roof. This will occupy an ele vation over the floor of the building of 38 feet. The seating on the floor is arranged to accommodate some 450 persons, and light will be admitted to the edifice through the medium of a beautiful new cor rugated glass, which will have the effect of modify ing its intensity. The roof is to be covered with slate, and at each end will project far over the gable, being supported on wooden trusses, and terminated with a pinnacle. We need hardly say that the lands of the congregation will not admit of the tower being proceeded with at present, at least not beyond its foundations. THE SOIREE. From half-past six o'clock till after eight o'clock the temporary church was crowded by relays of members of the congregation and others, who par took of a substantial tea and accompaniments, pro vided by the liberality of the ladies ot the congrega tion. Upwards of £31 were taken at the door. After the tea equipage had been removed, and a crowded audience seated itself as comfortably as circum stances would admit, the Rev. R. T. Walker, pastor of the congregation, congratulated himself in being surrounded by so many sympathising clergy, and countenanced by so many members of congregations other than his own. He then briefly adverted to the important business they had that day concluded-the foundation of another house of God, a step that was much needed, as the old building in which they then were, was exceedingly incommodious. Four years had gone by since he reached these shores and Bal larat, in obedience to the call of this church. He then found the congregation ~ small, but it had steadily increased, and with greater accommodation had the prospect of much greater increase. During bis ministry he bad had much to encourage him, and he trusted that his efforts in his vocation would not be in vain. His previous studies had been of a linguistic and controversial nature, nevertheless, he was not conscious of having been tempted to preach anything but the simple gospel of Christ, which his experience had led him to know was the only course calculated to effect the end that all ardently desired. The rev. gentleman asserted his entire reliance in Presbyterianism as a system of church polity. He was a voluntary, too, and contended that man should live and die in submission to the Christian law of giving. The congregation was a body of practical voluntaries. For his part, he would do all he could to put a stop to grants-in-aid to religious denominations, whether in money or land. In South Australia they had no such thing, and he trusted the time would come when they would have nothing of the kind in Vic toria. This congregation was the third he had had in charge, and he did not want to be called from it, but trusted to be happy with his people, and not leave them until he left them for a better state of being. Thc reverend gentleman then read a copy of the document placed in the bottle which had been depo sited in the foundation stone, subsequently calling upon the architect to explain his plans to the meeting. Mr Caselli, after doing so, hoped that the congre gation would not allow the new building to go up in part only, but to subscribe liberally, and let them bare the tower, gallery, and all-if not at once, as soon as possible. No doubt people might say that was because be wanted his commission (laughter). There might be some truth in that, but he assured them that he himself would contribute his mite. The building's chief characteristics would be eco nomy, stability, and capacity (bear, hear)-not any particular architectural beauty. The Rev. William Duncan, of Soldiers' Hill, then addressed the meeting, and congratulated it and its pastor on the auspicious nature of the day's pro ceedings. The Rev. Pastor Niquet followed in the same strain, and alluding to the subject of Voluntaryism, and the fact that the ground on which the church was now erecting was freehold, jocularly remarked that if the congregation thought fit it could sell it and get a good price for it (laughter). The Rey. James Henderson, of Geelong, alluded to a former tea meeting at which he had perhaps spoken a little too plainly of the miserable building in which they were now assembled-that so rich and numerous a congregation should have submitted for so long a time to worship in such a place. An old lady of his acquaintance had expressed her surprise to him that "so good-looking a man as Mr Walker - so professional in his ap pearance-should be in such a place. (Laugh ter) Had he been as weather-beaten and un comely as Mr Duncan or himself-(laughter)-he might have been more in keeping, as the artist would say. It was different now. He had left a large meeting in his own church at Geelong in order to be present at this day's interesting occasion. (Hear, hear.) His feelings has sustained a revulsion. He noticed that the pastor had stated that there was placed in the bottle copies of the Argus, the Star, thc Tribune, and the Weekly Review. He did not see that there had been enclosed with them a copy of that wonderful periodical the Geelong Advertiser. (Laugh ter,) Had it been so enclosed, no doubt it would have contained a good sample of the Geelongese dialect, and that would have been of great interest to future generations. (Laughter.) He noticed that in the document enclosed in the bottle, something was implied to the effect that the tower, &c.; could not at present be proceeded with. He hoped that this was not seriously contemplated in Ballarat. In Geelong the United Presbyterian Church was the only ecclesiastical structure that was finished. (Applause). He was sorry the con gregation was not going to complete the church at once. He hoped there would be no "one side shabby" in Armstrong-street. (Hear, hear. Mr Caselli, " No, no.") He hoped to be present when the whole was completed, and then they would have another house heating. (Hear hear). After I some further observations, the rev. gentleman sat down amidst much applause. The Rev. Mr Walker hoped the members of the congregation would put their hands in their pockets and carry out Mr Henderson's suggestion. He would now call upon the chairman of the committee, Mr Gray. Mr Gray would not trouble the meeting with formal reports and balance sheets, but at once direct the at tention of the congregation to the fact that the com mittee had signed the contract for the work on the understanding that a deficiency of £400 would be made up in five months. He scarcely needed to point out how this had to be made up, for it had to be made up, and no doubt would be made up. Sub scription lists would shortly be issued, and steps taken to raise the required amount. The committee had determined not to expend one pound more than was requisite on the works, and he trusted no one would leave the meeting that night without consider ing himself under the obligation which he had pointed-out. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Mr Walker announced that there would be a collection, to which he hoped all would con tribute liberally. He should afterwards call upon the Rev. Mr Gosmsn and other gentlemen to speak. (At this stage of the proceedings our reporter withdrew.) 