TEOLLOPE'S TALES OP ALL COUNTRIES. By Anthony TuoiiorE. It is always a great matter to be able to do nny one thing supremely well. Never mind how small the thing is — if any indi vidual is the ono porscn who can do that tlnng, no is Bure ot reputation, and worthy of EOmo sort of respect. At ono of the races wliero tho Indian Decrfoot has Jately exhibited himself, a crowd unusually largo wus assem bled ; . and as tho scono was somewhere Bormondsey way, tho crowd had its own peculiar standard of judgment. A pnrty of Bpeototors from tho AVcst End observed that, during tho period of expectation before tho rncc bcgaii, one individual as ho moved through tho ranks was trented with tho homage of silent and deferential respect. Every eyo wns turned on him with looks of nwo and admiration. Tho strangers ventured to ask who this great lioro might be. At last they learnt, though no ono could at first credit tlioir ignorance, that this wns the groat Maodojinld. But who wns tho great Hnc- donald ? Ho was tho man who brought Ilconan over, and lias gained immortnl glory by uuiugsu. jLiiore was one. ruing no coutu do, and ho had done it. lfo alono hnd had tho wit and luck to bring over that bulky prizofightcr to to mnko a sensation in Englnnd.' In Ber- mondscy to havo dono that wns to bo truly groat. In tho snmo way, in the set of people who enn appreciate Mr. Trollope,' ho too de serves to bo called pre-eminont. There is ono thing which ha enn do which no ono else can do lienrly so well, and in which his excellence is supremo. Many people can tell a story with very little material to go upon, or they can in troduce episodes, or they can pour out a flood of irrelevant jokes. Pooplo oan fill.put Bpaco without hnving anything in particular to say; But Mr. T'rollopo is alcno in his power of telling a stoiy about absolutely nothing. Thcso "Tales of all Countries" are really wonderful as pieces of composition. To say that tho incidents on which they turn ore trivial Ib grossly to exaggorato their importanco. They aro about nothing ; and yet tho flow of narration about this nothing is uninterrupted. Tho language is never vulgar 5 there are no arid wastes of funny writing ; there ore 110 descriptions of scenery or philosophical reflections; thoro are no moral or sporting anecdotes. All is narrative — easy, continuous, and flowing. Every pago is in its way entertaining, and is written with a certain force and gruce, and yet it is all about nothing what- "ever. Surely tin's is a feat quite equal in itB way to_ tli 0 importation of Hecnan ; and people who write stories, or who care to think how stories are written, may reasonably look up to Mr. Trollopo as Bermondsey looks up to the . great Macdonald. O110 wliolo story, for "' example, turns solely upon i>nis — iiiuo a -gentleman who is asked to stay in a strange house finds, when I10 goes to dress for dinnor, that ho has no pumps with him, nnd that a pair of fishing boots havo been sent instead. AVo should like to tako an ordi nary artist and ask liirn how lie would fancy having to write botwecn thirty nnd forty pages on bucIi a promising' subject. Mr. Trollopo makes no difficulty about doing it, nnd lie docs it so easily and so well, that wo feel certain lie could do something more trying if ha wero put to it. Wo should not be at all surprised, for instance, if we benrd that lie had undertaken to write fifty pages about a man going to a ball without a pockot-handkorcliief. As wd have said, any ono could do this hoots-story who only did it nominally. It would be vory light work if it wero allowable to go off into a ghost Btory about a cobbler, or to have nn overflow of learned fine writing about tho boots of different countries. But ' this is avoiding tho difficulty, not facing it. Mr. Trollopo sticks to his narrntivo, and to his narrative only. Ho divides his story as nearly as may bo into three equal parts. In tho first, tholiero finds that ho has not got tho pumps ; in tho second, lio goes down to dinnor inn pair lie borrows from the' butler; in tlio third, tho excliongo .. Ib revealed to tlio company by tho misfortunes to which the fishing-boots bring the butler, and a bay . is sent oil' for' tlio "pump's" before tho dancing ' begins. Tliero are plenty of' characters intro duced, but they all are brought to boar on tlio boots. There aro dauglitors of the house, all curls and loveliness, but their mission is to goun 1110 nero 10 ranancss Dy tneir suggestions of tho delights of tlio dance that lies before them. There is a fine old Irish squire ; nnd ho exists in order .to bo in n hurry for dinnor, so that the lioro may be flurried and agonised to the utmost by the fatal discovery that lie cannot finish his toilet as I10 had mount to do. In tho simplest and easiest way in the world, and well knowing that true art is to conceal art, Mr. Trollopo brings everything and every person to convergo on the ono central thought of boiiig without evening shoes. Another Btory, the " Belies of Goncral Chnsse," is almost as great a toui' do force. An English clergyman, beautifully got up, and tho pink of propriety, goes to Antwerp with a friend. They only go for tho day from Brus sels, nnd so leavo ull their luggago behind. At Antwerp tlloy go to see tho Castle, and at tho Castlo they are shown the upartments of General Oliassc, who was then just dead, and was the hero of tho placo. Their guide goes off to receive another party, and they aro loft alone. In tho late Gonoral's bedroom they find a pair of military trousers, and a disoUBsion arises as to whether they would or would not bo too smnll for tho clergyman. Ho himself insists llmt lie could easily get them on, nnd oilers to bIiow practically that I10 can do so. Ho takes off his black trousers, and is woll 1 into tho leathers when tlio noiso of an advanc ing parly of siglit-seors scares liim. Ho nnd Ins friend retire into nn inner chamber, and tho friend gently peeps out to see what happens. Tho parly turns out to be composed of ladies only, led by a fierce and domineering old maid. She sees tho black trousers, and at once announces to her friends that they are "relies of Genoral Cliasse." Eurthor, she is not going to let bucIi interesting rolics escape her ; 1 so she pulls out u pair of scissors, and cuts | out a patch ss a kcopsako. Tho others I aro influenced by tlio example and by tlio I greatness of the prizo. First one and then | another petitions for a souvonir. One wants | to make a pen-wiper, another n pincushion. I Tho arch-thief herself even wants to got leg- ! gings out of thcso devoted garments. At last, all is cut away except a few straps and buttons, 1 wisva tttu auuaco uujjttl i. \\_/uu uuuil'o mio clergy- I man, and finds what- has liapponod. Ho is overwhelmed with tlio horror of his situation, and sits shivoring till nightfall ennblcB him to get back to his inn, and there dash into bed, and forgot his griefs till tho morning. To toll such a tale gravely and woll, 'and to tell it without nppnrent effort — to go on< page after pago doing thebusinessof sucha very simple story — is a very considerable fent. . Nor is a i third story much inferior, in which tho dramatic I interest is sustained to tho laBt, and wo aro I kept all tho timo waiting for n conclusion j 1 which we cannot anticipate. This story is I irocd -N10 Chateau of Prince Polignae." There is nn English widow who goes to reside in a provincial town of France. She dinee at the inble-d'hoto of tho principal hotel, nnd f. there she nttrnols tho rospeotful liomngo of I J well-to-do middle-aged Frenchman. She I «as no particular tics to England, nnd bIio does oat dislike tho thought of settling in Eranco if 1 ' lecnn get a comfortable home. Howover, | 'Ho is on her guard, and her lover is timid. 1 1ass k?' nlld they are 110 forwardor. She 1 1, lau,Cr Puzz'cd as to his calling, nnd diverts i )?r!clf wi"' trying to find out whethor his 4 ti, tiaino is written up on tho Iiousob of any of I ficipnl merchants. For that ho is n | , B,'10 'las learnt at tho hotel, but bIio If Trail I1"0'' reBpect for tho cxigoncieB of Mr. .1 aml 'P 8, st0I7 to continuo her investigations A is „ U! r 80rt t morohand ho is. So this il Wi„,er Bcfrof "id slio and her friend go on out Plu.cid overtures to onoli other witli- II 8'uUon being calculable. .Ono day, I 1 tlioy decido to make up a party to tho Chateau of Prince Polignae, nnd in tho ruins of that retreat they onjoy a tcto-a-toto, by which the mnrclinnd profits to dcclnro his love, - Tho lady prudently answers, that beforo coining to nny decision, she must know his fortune. This I10 tells her ; and then sho is brought fairly to tho necessity of putting tho great central question, AVhnt aro you ? A blush, a silence, and then tho Frenchman braces his nerves to tho occasion, nnd faintly.'whispcrs jo suis taillour. Tho warmest of Mr. Trollopo's admirers would pro bably agree with U9 in saying that this is a very slight story. If it does not turn on abso lutcly nothing, it turns 011 as little 113 a story can possibly turn on, and yet it is pleasantly written and will entertain almost nny reader. There nro parte, howover, of this collection wlioro Mr. Trollopo reveals Iris liighor though not. rarer powers. Thoro is ono story, more especially, called " Tho Courtship of Susan Bell," in which thoro aro some scenes and somo peoplo who deserve, perhaps, to ho drawn with a fuller brush nnd on a larger canvass. Susan is tho daughter of n widow at Soratoga Springs, United States, and she lives with tier mother and sister by letting lodgings. Her sister has a lover — a priggish but not intolerablo Baptist minister — and very soon Susan gctsa lover too. A certain engineer, named Aaron Dunn, takes tho lodgings, nnd makes up to Susan. Sho is inclined to likohim, but her mother is afraid biiuij 1 it.') iiftu uii ubiu-r lut'ii, is ruuuy u tvuu 111 sheep's clothing, and tlio Bister thinks every 0110 but Baptist ministers nro most doubtful characters. Aaron draws a pretty bridge, nnd offers it as a present to Susan, but her mother interferes, and Aaron throws tho picture in tho fire, on which Susan cries — as Mr. Trollopo's heroines nro so npt- to. do; so ho offers to draw lier - another, and this time, tlio Biator being out of tlio way, the mother allows Aaron to understand ho may give it, " only it is not, to mean anything." Itis tho contrast between tho hard common eotiEO of tho older sister hnd tho timidity of tho mother on tho 0110 hand, and tho docility of Susan on tlio other, that makes tho basis on which tho story is built. To found a story on character is a lrghor, though not perhaps a more difficult, task than to found a story on the nbsenco of evening shoos, or tho inroads of an old maid on a pair of clergyman's block trousers. Thn following passage will probably show those who oinnot bear that Mr. Trollopo should fall below Barehoster Towers or Frain- Icy Farsonago that thcro aro bits of thcso miscellaneous tales whioh are in their author's favourite planner : — "That evening certainly made a uonimonco- mont. Though Hctta wont on portinncionsly with tho body of a now dress, tho other two Indies did not put in another stitch tlmt night. From liis drawings Aaron got to liis instru ments, and beforo bedtime whs teaching Susan how to draw parallel lines. Susan found that sho had quite an uptitudo for parallel lines, nnd altogether had a good timo of it that ovening. It is dull to go on week after week, and month after, month talking only to one's mother and sister. It is dull though 0110 dors not oneself recognise if 10 oa so. a uruo cnangc in suoii mat ters isso very pleasant. Susanhndnottheslightest idea of regarding. Aaron as ovon a possible lover. But young ladies do like tlio conversa tion of young gentlemen. Oh ! my exceedingly proper, prim, old lady, you who are so shocked at this as a g'enornl doctrine, has it novor oc curred to you that tho Creator has so intendod it? "Susan understanding little of tho how and why, knew that she had had a goad time, and was rather in spirits as sho went to bed. But Hetta had been frightened by the dodge. " Oh, Hctta, you should have looked at those drawings. He is so clover !" said Susan. " I don't know that they would have done mo much good," replied lletra. "Good! . Woll, they'd do mo. more good than a long sormon, I know," raid Susan ; "except on a Sunday, of course," she added, apologetically. This was an ill-tempered at tack both on Hetta and Hetla's admirer. But then why had Hetta been so snappish. "I'm sura bo's a wolf," thought Hetta as sho went to bed. "What a very clever young man I10 is!" thought Susan to herself as sho pnllod the worm clothes round about her shoulders and ears." — Saturday Review. Petrarch and his Laura. — Ho entered the ahuroli of Sr.. Oluir. at Avignon, one. April morning, in 1327, 11 philosophor, as lio tiriicved, nnd ho left it, nftcr service, a lover. Ho had seen Laura, nnd this meeting broke up his plan of life. His loro-poetrv spread over Europe, nnd kindled tho imagination of all Europe, whioh oould read or listen to reading. Stran gers struggled for a sight of Laura, or ail inter view with Petrarch; nnd I ho lover, in his impatience and waywardness, now broko away from Avignon, to csonpo from men's eyos, nnd now-returned, with an intention to settle down to his studies, and nwaii tho fulfilment of tho Pope's promises of honour and employment ; and then lie would abscond into Bolitudo again. Tho valley of VuncluBe, so well known to his readers, was a wild nnd beautiful placo, not far from Avignon, and there he strova to forget Lauru, by sotting up a kind of domostio lifo nnd devoting himself to study. But ho did not hira liis two children, or their mother, with ail nffcotion which could destroy his passion for Laura. Ho did his duty towards t'lora as well as tho caso ndmittcd, but ho found no pcaco in it. Ho bitterly complained of the vices of socioty wherover tho Papal CoUrt was, and of the Pope's delay in. fulfilling his promises ; and he gave theso disgusts as his reason for retiring to tho Ynueluse; but lie could not remain thoro much' longer than, nny where clsp. We find. him travelling in almost ovory country on the Continent, besidcB exploring overy part of Italy ; nnd Ilia travels wore not without object. Ho fulfilled his function of Man of Lottors wherover I10 .wont. In Franco, Germany, and Spain ho hunted up overy MS. lie .could get scent of, and set copyists to work'a&'enablo him to carry them home. Ho discovered not a few works of, the great Latin authora, somo of which havo como down to us, while Bomo remain only in their titles. Ho bought up medals and otlior illustrations of antiquity, and he stimulated rich and accomplished men, wherever ho went, to advance leurning accord ing to their ability, lie induced a princely friend to found the University of Pavin, and I10 himself founded the library of St. Murk, at Venice. — Once a Week. Scolds and Scolding. — If laughter begets fat, it is no less true that scolding is tlio parent of mengrencss. Who ever saw a plump tcrrangnnt? The rirago is scraggy — sarnggi- ness is tho bndgo of all lior tribo. It would sccin that tho attrition of n fierce exacting temper gives Bhurpncss to tho human frame as inevitably as a gritty grindstone. puts a wiry odgo on a bread axo. Artists understand this fact, and guide their poncils accordingly. Tl.oy invariably represont Indies', supposed to ho given to tho "ranipngc," os remarkably high in , bono. Shrows aro thus dopictod in comio valentines, and all tho illustrators of Curtain Lectures havo represented tlio "rib" of Mr. Cuudlo without a portiolo of fat. Lavater referring to female fi-ebrands, says flatly to their facoB that tlioir noses ore sharp. Wo hove' a dim . idea tlmt. ho mentions soino exceptional cases of ladies with snub noses, who o'o-giving -to snubbing tlioir husbands ; but thcso form a niild variety and only u Bmull proportion of tlio genus scold. Rather Severe on tiie Faculty.— Tho prinoipal nvcnuo loading to Detroit lias a toll- gato near tho Elmwood Cemetery road. As tlio cemetery was laid out some timo previous to tho construction of tho phmkod road, i'. was mndo ono of the conditions of tho company's charter that nil funeral processions should go back und forth freo. Ono iluy, 03 Dootor Prico, a colcbrated physician, stoppod to pay his toll, lie remarked to the gatekeeper : " Con sidering tho benevolent clmraoter of our pro fession, I think ynu ought to' let us pass free of ..charge." " No, no, doctor," " tho keeper readily replied, " wo couldn't afford that. You send too many dead heads throughhoro as it is!" The doctor' paid his toll, and never asked any favour oflor that. . . Tlio. Japanese Ambassadors have just had their .portraits taken at tlio pliotographio 'estab lishment, of M. Nadar, Paris. , 