WESLEYAN COLONIAL MISSIONS. Last evening a public meeting was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Melville- street, in aid of the fund for the Wesleyan Colonial Missions, J. Crookes, Esq., M. H. A. in the chair. The proceedings were opened by a hymn, and then by an impressive prayer by the Rev. Mr. Quick, when the chairman addressed the meeting, pointing out the progress of the Gospel movement on both sides of the colony, rejoicing heartily in the prosperity of all the churches, and hoping that all denominations would carry out their objects. so as to effect eventually the most beneficial results. The REV. Mr. LOWE then read the report, point- ing out the results of the mission, especially at New Norfolk, Campbell Town, Perth, Longford, Westbury, Hamilton, Deloraine, Oatlands, and other places. The rev. gentleman then read the amount of the collections made by several ladies, and those accruing from other sources, observing that this collection altogether was larger than any before obtained in this circuit, making a total of £80 12s. The Rev. speaker went on to say, that without energy and exertion on the part of the friends of the Gospel, the cause of missions could never prosper, nor could it be in any way effected. The Rev. Mr. ROYCE then addressed the meeting and entered into an explanation of the benefits which must accrue from the extension and propagation of Christianity the blessings of which were universal, and permeated through every grade of society, and indeed, through every christian nation. The Rev. speaker commended the principles of Methodism, as calculated to convert sinners, and related several anecdotes illustrative of his position, and demons tative of the beneficial working of the Wesleyan body. Rpferrinarto Now "Nr<w<v>u-. M- .i«.;»» -sale there were only about forty who attended the Church of England, while more than a hundred attended the Wesleyan chapel, and there were hundreds, he said, in that district, who attend no place of worship to nil. The Rev. Mr. FILMNOHAM strenuously advocated the extension of Christian missions, and the pro- pagation of the holy word of God, as enunciated in the Gospel. He contended that the methodist ministry was essentially a converting ministry, both in spirit, in doctrine, and in fact, adducing the ordinances of that couininnnity in support of his of his assertion, and the fact that the members were decidedly a church-going people. The Rev, Mr. Quick said he had a strong conviction that the Saviour was now here among them. Adverting to a remark made by the chairman, the Rev. speaker said they were all of the church, working together for one great and good object, and he firmly believed that Almighty God with- held none of his omnipotent power from any one particular religious community. Referring fa Methodism Mr. Quick thought that this demand' ation came as near as possible to the spirit of the New Testament but with all their missions, and all their visiting they wanted the assistance of the Holy Ghost, and let them pray that this holy spirit, may full upon all Christian Churches, for without this no good can be effected. The Royal, speaker then adverted to the want of spiritual aid in various parts of the colony, and to the fact that the golden treasures of the Australian colonies and Tasmania itself, had not fallen into the hands of infidels and idolaters, deducing from this the interposition of a beneficent and an especial provi- dence. As a community we had great obligations to Almighty God for our possession of so large an amount of civil and religious liberty, and that we ought to maintain in the only manner in which it ought to be maintained. As a religions community we had privileges, and as individuals we had the same privileges, which we ought to m.aintain by the support and spread of the gospel by keeping its busy influence always before Hi; The speaker then referred to the pecuniary claims upon the Society, and explained the mode by which the Wesleyan Ministers were remunerated. It appeared that for four years of probation they were not permitted to marry nor to receive any payment, and he, Mr. Quick, mentioned this as an inducement to his hearers to contribute liberally to the funds of the Society. ' After an impressive and fervent address by the chairman on the efficacy of prayer, A collection was made and the Committee for the current year was appointed. A vote of thanks was cordially awarded to the Chairman, and the doxology having been sung, and the blessing pronounced by the Revd. Mr. Lowe, The meeting separated. -A---? 