out of harness. "What's . a holiday ?— who knows?— does anybody care ?— did anybody over rcnUso ono in any decent souso at all after calicoes had once givon woy to corduroys, and that gushing period arrivod when— as a matter of course — sweet Mary wst to lay her throbbing little head upon j'our palpitating little bosom and tearfully promiso to bo " thine alone for over ? Do any, or did' any, or will any of tlieso young Marys ever keop that touching plodgo of artless, or artful youth ? I don't know ; does tlio dinr render ' know ? does Martin know ? (overybody knows Martin) ; docs tlio Boleinn Editor.' of tin's .dimml know? if not, docs anybody know the "precise effect of' that shuttering lip of ono's first affections, and of its ir (luoncb ibr evil or for good upon every body and cvciybpdy's 1-istoiy for all,, timo afterwards ? . . . , , - 1 I put 'three, qiiciies not nlon'c njmn paper, but, adopiiug the dignified style and haughty bearing of a' Nixon, 'poise Thyself on tiptoo before a erack'd and bic'ary wreck of, what, lias been — nn some' old time and country — , a sura'!' m:". or, and looking defiantly .at lio'liing, "piutsd for a reply !" Does oiicbomo? ,1 think one docs, biit in a voice unknown to (inc. '''Not iii liio" voice of Diiffy— not shrill 'enough lor that. Not in tho voice of my little Ipluymute Knlic — nn, nn, not i thousandth' part so musical ns that iii which mv tiny one' wou'd prall lo — nor docs it fall upon the ear in' iOssianic Triigmoiitsrliko soft mellowness-sub- 'duod; as it would from tho larynx of Sninl. Jolmsoii Evniis : that , splendid Roman ever !cpbalfetbJr-oro:profundos — frou'his boot heels; Mr oracio is ovidchlly -somewhere " iqii the 'chimblayj"-arid litis for "interpreter— I tliihk, foi' Ii deeliho full reeponsibilit y— I lie - disembodied 'spirit Of s6mo byegoiio Micliio— may we never ioso'tlioqiresont !— wliioli lias lately Takeii tho: place of somo oilier brick in tlie old- chimney, and given; itself up to . moralising," ns many other, used up spirits doubtless, often, do. iteiir' it':' " " Mr. : Pedlhigton, you're a fool, for as nobody ever lo'vod t ou, and you nevor loved nobody, and never liad oven-n spico of true- ndcctiuii in y ,ur whole voinpcsilion, you are only 'wns'ing t.hnojn' talking- rot,, Go on with I ho Holiday— Guffy !" Very well tlien, Sii-,1— " thoHoliluy bo it.- '.Will Stokes over get ono? (everybody: knows Stokes). Will Du in (sou of old Biuiii). ever got one? .Will Scirry, will Pegs/ will Bos," over got one? By spreading on the table tlio contents of a' matoli-box— 781- fair, limber pipe- lights— I strive to counl tho pco-le, known to me, — soine . owing . me money niid soirie' not, — whom I have novor once seen " out of harness" since the bit (tnndd cf Government broad and ratlior mouldy) wns first . put into thoir mouths, — but the .matches'/, however good iii point of quality, are misor- nhlv weak in numbers, and I liut them unnniiin" despairingly. ' The oracle of " tho oliimb'oy" is ngnin growling something about " discursive idiot,"— so, fearing something -even ; woreo, lot : mo admit at: once,- as I might lin'vd done sooner/ but did'ut, tlrat I've got n holiday ; I would ' havo said i1 fourteen- days " 'but that tlio term- is cruelly suggesliro of a continuous something in con-, nection with treadmills,', or post offices,., or." telegraphs, or newspapers, anything but cheerful for a right-minded 'mini orTvoiriah'tb oonteinplnte, bosido wliieli tho bloated nristo- oruoy of; my department, taught me for the- first timo that in departmental arithmetic, ten- and two, by dragging in a couplo of Sundays, made: fourteen. ' " Qf. 'course you know, Sir, that—. i j-..,; - JlitsLucy i;ot tlio hvliy . By a-staying out at utght. . .but, as a Cliristion man and a .public servant, I 'foel morally bound to state that' my baby' didn't come to- mo- as 'a -reward for any such shocking conduct.' Slrado. of Mis, Chisel'tun - .(wlipro is .slip?), .forbid! I ;g,>t it, for the, 'asking,. sir, just , as ono might got a broken .nose ! or 'V black eye, but not altogether sd ihstaritaheously. Herb's the process, ill pnrt' j— I got (niJt buy) 'slirou.Of' foolscap-— set, down .bpforo.- samo— wipe noso— wigo penall; right so t far;., now composition— now ..fpldr-rtlioc: AYIU liustl upur IIICI1 tuiiu JIJIU JJUA .nose, but" pn'fier)— Box is doubtful; almost iifrnid— begins: to- think That -.under- "Oou- /splulated, Junipria. Starvation, Bill" tjiis kind . of , thing . threatens, cnlmhndo . in sqiinsli ' nb3 lute' rind blatuiit hurley durdlc- .dotn/but'U do best enn, etc., oto, N B.— Box 'net..bad fellow tin main, nnd don't -mean Tr : qlover-i tilings , lie i. utters. .. „Box; thou -refers -document to Sirerius. Sivvy. cratches liqa.d/ (bis owii)i and bites poriiliolder 'likp kionti (ih : .manner of), cogitates awhile, and maki'-s-calcu- ' lationB -til's-' way :-f-Mail out 3 works . ago,- one . .diie liore7 weeks hence— via Mauritius .and . Fog .Islands, full staff down, to day, conse quently short To morrow, S'ink in offico not qiiito so fiiiil ns usual; but increasing,':-' Rosult ! pf -.hitter ,refl-:ations:— 1: .stench- equal 2. : extraordinary smells, r 2 .stenches . mako. 1 . .malaria, , ' 1 malaria make .' 5. fevers,' 5 fovers ,1 Yai'ua'Bend, ' I Yurrii Bend makes ' ' . "Well; Mr. P.,- what dooa a mero- . blank imply, or mean?"1 Simply this, my ; dear Publ'e,1 — tlrat if: you will (persist in keep-,, jag. your servants, tight-, down, to their Hi tie, gaiila' of '.'Nbso 'ind Grindstone" day by day .and " nil 'the year round," i ill reason llirs nway . from tliom and passive imbocility seta in',' that , mere blank" above represents the full value. of a man,— oxcopt to a body snateher,— after. ; somo ton of the. brightest years of life have . .boon devoted to ah honest 'earning of tlio poor HtinftiYfT wlitfth '1 rViti iiftYflP vol a wii linnh h wrangle, arid never pay/ without- a grudge ! " Brains in a pannikin,"' indeod! Why not? " Discursivo idiot " from '! ohimbley " again— can't help it— total result To S. of foi-ogoirig. Rpnlly'onrinbt'pbssibly-reoorriniend at'presen1", but'll -speak Billy courso of fortnight — that is: supposing nothing intervenes to make speaker; change mind,. for anybody olso'a mind in. in terim.' 1 Billy o'vcntually gels doct.',' lipids con fab "with Siv'ry thereon — then ' ariotlibr— then - another— puts document solemnly in porner for day or two — tbon hands to. little Fakes—, for Romulus— Romulus gets it from hands of Fakos . senior, .(kneeling , and unclassified). Rbmulii's'lights.'eigar, and trembles at", magnfe ,tudo of applications, gets down " Delolme". and: " LempHore," studies', hard and breathes jthiok for/ 2 . Iioun. — finally makes . :a. Memo, arid' "takes '"'down " Assembly in' evening — shows it to Jos— Jos shows to Girdlesfcprie as juniar-.niombor— junior member, 'writes in red pencil 'f Granted." . So I get . me nway at lost, and at. a timo of year when , half the country is undbr' water, and I go Boatlbss through a griin . lagoon on to blank Bits and patolics of dry land; so' dull and dismal looking .in the. prematura: dying out' of all that over told. a tale of lifo about them, tliat thcy scaros seem worth a wetting from SteSwithins, or indeed from/any other s'nirit whatever, .whether, canonised or:broil'd. ' /', Over many hundred milos of country hero and tiiero, nnd what did I seo in return for my little outlay in labour and money. ? ; Did I seo' townships growing from panvasa to wood, or grown "already from "wood to brink and stone, nnd carrying plainly graven on their solid fronts - the unimpeachable intimation that there thoy — -the townsliips-r-stood. Strong .and. fenrleBS in tlio present, and representatives of a broad aggregate of human' interests too deeply rooted for an early. scattering to tlio winds of timo? I did not! . , -. Did I seo aught of tlio olivo and tlio vino, or of the fig troo ; or even rif.a decent pnteh of virgin earth turned up as being ready to receive tliem ? ' No ! Forecasting to tlio future, .did 1/seo a garden of a sheep run— an Egypt or "a Tadinor ? Tadmor wins ; the sheep rnn has it | Sandhurst "and ' its Pall Mall loafers will doubt it; Oasflemeine— half goats and China men— -may object, to it; and sturdy, Ballaarat feel indignant .at eomothing never meant for it. But thou, O Nowstoad, of tho 'mushroom plains and bore hill-sides! 0 Talbot, of tlio drinking dens so dirty and so vile 1 O Am herst, with thy now town hall standing so brightly red abovo thy new -mado gross-grown streets, bare shells of houses, and grini ghosts of what, not long ago, claimed kindred right to fight for procodonco with other claimants ns a field of gold . Dars t thou dony tlio hard impeachment ? Iliou, too, Avoca! tlio sweotly placed and all but beautiful, what of thy ono gaunt street, looking a full mile wido and nearly a quarter long! Do thine empty tenements toll no talo os Olio thinks of good old times? Amphi theatre! art thou Btill a goldfield or a town in any but tho merest shadow of a name ? Is. tlioro one solitary digger's tout within sight or ooory- of thine outer boundary ? I trow not ! Elmhurst ! be tiiero man woman or oliild oxistnnt on tbo town that has boruo thy "name for yoars ? -Evcrslcy ! of the two houses (for drink) wert thou not almost lifted for,, a..; moment from my leaden lethargy, when, a ,rpal live traveller erilt'd t'o 6eo the'o in ids Wanderings, nnd ate of nil thou lradst to sell him — solt fi- li ! so siilr, so old. Ah inc ! I sigh as I go bark in" memory ' to where in old ship on the old wuto-s, playing between this and. fid old home, lay tossing about upon an old Good Friday, as I Iricd to eat something of tlrat sumo' old kind, before, and couldn't", lutt throw it overboard without "a sliado of fear t lrat it was one , day to turn up ogninst me, and to. bo eaten by me, with n very flabby egg'sauce accompanimeiit in bri Aiisl'nl wilderness, ' and at a cost of— f Kcwrious,' O'Heriild ! is -it- not? Trow is it, on tho word of the poor - uutlior ! Ararat, last, but not loasfc upon my , loll, shall I 6»v nuglit of tlrae? or ratlior sliiill I lcavo tlice'to the joint eriibraco of a M'toilnh und a-Qirdlestoiio ? Perhaps . the -latter would be tlio bettor oourso'; .except that for old acquaint- iinco sake, nnd foe somo old familiar fapes, as well as . for soTri'o bid memories always deafly kept, I feel oonslrained to shy that I (hid thou hash efown old -and seedy looking in a, Very vary short iapso of time:; nnd I hill J. fuel sadly enough assured that tlio, advent of thy. second' greatness is not yet "nigh; SiiH"amT puoud to own: tlrae for tho cleanest and the prettiest, town tlrat . comes ucrnsj iny vision in. . a fortnight's ramble. Not ias of .'old,, thong1", dost tliou Btrik-i "m> tioie." "Wliorit Oo'.by— griin 'theii mid grimmer how — audi I- lived. -in .your bosom 'mong tl o smaller lights, of A "grout rush" Ira and I woro happy with ouif. faith, in each other.- When thirty Thousand /sturdy ' -fellow's worked thy, Oaiiton Lend— O 1 Ararat ! — When monied ioistorers, exuberantly wild with rough good humour, tliroiigld thy slushy, crooked lines of street at. night— lit up, ns thoy wore, by liugo tiu-dfelios. of flaring blazing fat— lliy lot' was hripeful and 'thy children -jolly. Street bulls were numerous, and goiigs deal'eiiing. .. -TlienTlie oainp ftris lit tho.vallcy, And a ruddiest blilo threw ; ;' Ovor li-.rdca of fcungiy diggers ; -' .-As ili'ey coolc'd the evening stew. What n, banquet we sprend for Burkly ! What a bnll we got" up for liirii ! What splendid versos tlio present author (ahem !) -wrote'. for him, and hew ; superb they looked in gold jotters on white satin, os U. B. condescendingly, toon incm irom inc irauusui vuiu, oi- jmuueiu, . or somebody else ! What a " spread, " too, wo arranged fu-r John O'Slrannssy ; and what pleasant follows mof other pli-iisant fellows at tlrat tightening feed ! " .. . Po!lington, thy poet! Colby, thy mentor! Jolm Drew,r thy bellman ! and 'Jolin. Woods, tliino orator ! t)h, Ararat ! I say again what- did you want! why .not liaye.let, things go on: in ilra pleasant good old way? , Weill, woll! 1-7-Sio transitj etc. ' ' . ' '/''" All thy township's now as (leadened i -, As tlio Btump in Market square. 'And .tliou liust built an enormous jail, before' a singlo stone is laid towards a ohuroli. ' LetTis' got away; tlio'n; Tvith tho 'old memo- vies" yet' upon us,- not even stopping'to tiike o flying pe.rp at. ohl- Catlicart as it- lies nestling in lira shadow of the big Mount,, so hard 10 climb, with its one remaining ndiilt stolidly playing with his one stolid baby at tlio door way of. the 0110 homo — crowded -with good company or.co upon.a time; — slid travel borne-, .ward by some roiite "whiqti, . if not more .cheerful than lira' upward" one, shall have at loast.tlio meritrof bring shorter," and oil wliioli,: dear reader, tho, ruthless Cobb; may punish less, tho head and backbone /of , your, .friend and, servant, - ' ....... , Mordinlloe, 1st June. . PEDLINGTON. 