oua a. SOWToaz.Y rnaneot Y. As thinail per " Madras" closes at 6 p.m. on Saturday, 23rd instant, our Summary for trans. mission to the United Kingdom, India, ?ec., will be published on that ..day, and will be forwarded to addresses sent to the ?ice in time for posting. The subscription is fliv shillings per annum, paid in advance. Single copies sixpence. INrLUBNIzA.--The season for this epidemio again comes round, as hundreds can testify-from painful experience. This year, however, the dis ease has been somewhat milder in its manifesats. tions. STASTWCS POTr 1861.-Conniami6DA.-The ult Joined' notice appears' In the Government Gazette. On reference to the Statistias it will be seen tlat.the correctloas consist In the transposl. !inn of the,figares.... - . "In the published Statisties for 1861, at page 54, Return No. 31 (Post Oficens) the following is the correct reading:- 1860\. 1861. Town or Dist. Letters, Franked 6,289 7,780 HobartTown ..... j Stamped 30,181 30,525 Town or Dist. Letters, Franked 944 1,192 SLuniceston....:.... j Stamped 35,360 34,326 Dy lls Excellency' Command, 'WILLIAM IInTr. COLONIAL' JrwrwL antY. - Yesterday after. noon we':had the pleaiure of inspecting several specimens of Jeiellery manufactured by MAr. Davey, of Charlesastreet. Amongst them were some crowns, (made to the order of Mr. C. G. Crolts, contractor for the police clothing) to be fixed on the front of the caps of the Sub-Inspec. tors. These are principally composed of sliver studded with small Maltese crosses, and other designs in gold, the Interstices being filled up with daik red velvet. The. metals are frosted and uicely.cngraved. Tihe crowns being,of solid metal, can be easily cleaned, and the velvet can be renewed wlhenever it becomes at all faded WVhen it is known that articles of'jewellery, of a superior descriptl,o, can be manufactured here at a moderate coat, it seems a great pity the'colonlats do not give more encouragement to local industry, instead of importing front foreign markets. Ia ianANTr4s.-- Some twenty intmmigrants arrived by the Black Swan on Saturday night; rmonget them are nine or ten Norfolk ploughmen, who are now available forhire, It is announced in oht advertising columns that those who are in want. of plouhmenu .may. apply by letter addressed "Ilen'y Dt ling,.Esq, , S.vings Bank." Ronnenr: o HAY, &c.-- I; will be ason on reference to our police intelligence that John Bryan, alias SmithI alias Brown, and William Finlay; lharged with stealing hay, potatoes,' &c.;, from the premises of John Abre, blMddy Plains, were again brought up on Tnesday. The woman, Isabella Ward, clharged with feloniously receiving the stolen goods, was discharged, and was examined na a witness in the case. Bryan, in company of a man named.Jones, was also charged with stealing two blankets, the property, of the woman Ward, who was herself afterwards sen tenced to six months' hard 'labor for stealing a shawl, belonging to a woman named: Jane. War lock. Finlay and Bryan :wero both committed for trial. INSoLVENT CoultT.-There. are only twvo cases set down for to-day, viz. :-First meet Ing-James Gardner, of Circular Head, farmer. Adjourned meeting on appi?cation fordischarge Daniel O'lfeeffe, of Mountford, fiarmer. LANDS OP TasuAIA.-Woe have to acknow ledge a volume of returns Illustrative of the settlement of the lands of. Tasmania from the Surveyor-General. We have neither time nor spare to give p.rticulars this iasue, but hope to dip into the returns on a fltart occasion. DERWENT AND TAMAR INSURANCE COMPANY.- At a special general meeting of the shareholders of this company, held at Hobart Town, on Tuesday, Mr. H. B. Tonkin was elected manager, in place of the late Alfred Garrett, Esq. The only other candidate was Mr. H. W. Whitton. The votes were as follow;--Tonkin, 214; Whitton 86\. On the result of the ballot being declared, Mr. Tonkin briefly thanked the shareholders for electing him to the office, and in conclusion, stated it the most handsome manner, that he should, so long as he held the office of manager, set apart for the benefit of Mrs. Garrett, the widow of the late manager, and her family, the sum of £100 per annum, stating at the same time that the family were not to think the amount so given was from him, but as a yearly gift from the Company. The shareholders recorded their unanimous thanks to Mr. Tonkin for this liberal offer, and the meeting closed. RIFLE CONTEST - RIFLES V. ARTILLERY. - Four members of the Launceston Rifle Corp - Sergeants Coulter, Brown, and Cadets Carey and Moore, having challeng any four of the Volun- teer Artillery, the challenge has been taken up by Captain Cowle, Sergeants Martini and Prosser, and Gunner T. D. Webb. At a meeting held at the Star Hotel yesterday evening, it was arranged that the match should take place at the Butts on next Friday week (22nd instant), at three o'clock in the afternoon. Third class ranges have been chosen, five shots at each dis- tance, both hits and points being counted. This contest will, doubtless, excite much interest, as all the parties are excellent marksmen, and the ma- jority of them carried off prizes at the recent Government Rifle Matches. INTRODUCTION OF SALMON.- At a meeting of the Royal Society of Tasmanla, held at Hobart Town last week, a paper "on the late attempt to introduce salmon ova" was read by Morton Allport, Esq., and portions of the apparatus made use of were exhibited in illustra- tion. The contrivance adopted by Mr. Rams- bottom (who conducted the experiment) for securing the particles of gravel, and so preserving the ova from injury, was remarked upon by the fellows present as being very ingenious. The paper was one of great interest, and was followed by animated discussion, in which his Excellency, Rev. T. J. Ewing, Mr. Stotzer, Dr. Agnew, Mr. Buckland, and others, took part. Mr. Ramsbottom, who was present, answered various questions in reference' to the management of the ova on board ship and the cause of failure in the late attempt. It was fully agreed upon that the failure itself, considering the circumstances under which it took place, afforded the clearest proof of the ease with which the ova under proper management may be introduced into our rivers, and no doubt was entertained that the next at- tempt (for which the funds still in hand are nearly adequate) will prove successful. Mr. Ramsbottom himself was quite confident of suc- cess. His suggestion was thrown out by his Ex- cellency as to the advisability of attempting the introduction of the Californian salmon, but doubts were expressed as to this being so fine in flavor as that of the eastern rivers of North America or of the English rivers. Mr.Ewing thought that at tention should at some future time be directed to the introduction of the so- called salmon of the Danube - a noble fish which,` as Mr. Stutser -stated, fre- quently reaches to the enormous weight of two hundred ponuds and never requires to go into salt water. THE NEW SUPERINTENDENT OF POLICE At Hobart Town.- Mr. Propsting, the newly elected Superintendent of Police, will be sworn in to his office on the 14th inst, and commence his duties on that day. Mr. Boyd, the late Super- intendent, takes charge of his new duties at the Queen's Asylum, on the 21st. Since Mr. Prop- sting's appointment, Mr. Boyd has been employed in putting his successor into the way of his new duties.-Adeertisir. RIFLE PRIZES.- We are informed on relia- ble authority that Captain Fawns, Paymaster of the Launceston Rifle Corps, has liberally offered to give 20l., provided that the Paymaster of the Artillery lays down a similar amount, to be shot for as a prize by the members of both these Corps. THE FARM - PIG FEEDING.- We direct attention to an article under this heading which appears in another column. It is well worthy careful perusal. in these depressed times, when any hint calculated to be useful is welcomed. When any quantity of grain and potatoes could be readily sold at high figures, the mind of the farmer was set on their production to the neglect, and in many instances the entire exclusion, of other matters.' Stock was rarely dreamt of, and the result was that with good natural pastures and every facility for producing artificial food, several thousands of pounds were annually sent out of the colony to purchase meat. Things are altered now, but it is not easy suddenly to throw oft pernicious habits. At the present time, whilst wheat and potatoes are all but unsaleable, how large a sum is still expended in importing hams and bacon. When properly carried on, pig- breeding is highly remunerative, as is shown by Mr. Baldwyn, who, commencing in 1846 with two sows and one boar, in 1851, or five years afterwards, sold £1000 worth of fat pork, and continued to sell about the same quantity every subsequent year. One of his pigs, only thirty months, old, weighed 80 score - six hundred poundsl and so huge was the breed that the entire bony skeleton of this huge animal only weighed 21 pounds. 'What is there to prevent Tasmania from exporting cored pork? The demand for this article is enormous, and if it could be sup- plied in good quality and at a low price a very large trade would inevitably spring up. DErTn OF COMMANDER REILLY, R.N., or II.lM.. Paonaan.-We regret to have to notice the death of another naval ofileer in the Australian Station. The lrlsbane correspondence of the Argus reports the death of Commander Reilly, of H.M.S. Pioneer, while cut on a plea. sure excursion: at Port Denison. One of the Brisbane papers gives the following account of the melancholy event as given by.the correspoadent of a dailypaper :--" Oa Friday morning, after breakfast, Captain Reilly, of the Pioneer, in com pany with several officers of the ship, Mr. Dal. rymple, and a few squatters, started on horseback to spend the day kangarooing and dingo hnoting. About seven or eight in the evening the party were quietly returning. Captaio Reilly, being in converse with Mr. Bode, and a little behind, made a start to get to the front, when his head came It contact with an overhanging branch of a tree. lie was unhorsed, and, upon examination, was found [to be breathing, bet wholly insensible. This was at a distance of about five miles from town. Messengers were despatched for blankets, hot-water bottles, and other appliances. Two medical men were on the spot, bat all human effort proved of no avail. The unfortunate gentle man breathed his last in about aon hour from the occurrence. The body was during the night con veyed on board ship. The following day the melancholy operations of burial were proceeded with. At four p.m. the body was brought ashore, minute guns being fired. The funeral passed through the town just as tie sun was setting, but the moon shone clearly, thereby enabling every thing to be orderly carried out, which was strictly done in conformity with naval custom$ Truly is it divinely said-' In the midst of lile we are tn death. " Tu? FEans o' CutLDnnE.-- A country parson, whose pleasant gossip contains much food for rellectlon, writes thus upon a suaject, which is,-perhaps, too little considered-" An extremely wicked way of punishing children is by shutting them up in a dark place. Darkness is naturally fearful to human beings, and the stupid ghost stories of many nurses make it especially fearfol to a child. It is a stupid and wicked thing to send a child on an errand on a dark night. I do not remember passing through a greater trial in my youth than once walking three miles alone (it was not going on an elrand) its the dark, along a road thickly shaded with trees. I was a little fellow ; but I got over the distance in a half an hour. Part of the way was along the wall of a churchyard,one of those ghastly, weedy, neglected, accursed-looking spots where stupidity has done what it can to add circumstances of disgust and horror to the Christian's long sleep. Nobody ever supposed that this walk was a trial to a boy of twelve years old, so little are the thoughts of children understood. And children are reticent: 1 am telling now about that dismal walk for the very first time." TREBs LIKE COMMUNITIES.-For there is a strange coincidence in this between trees and communities of men. When the community is small, people fall more easily into their places and take, each in his place, a firmer standing than can be obtained by the individuals ofa great nation. The members of a vast community are separately weaker, as an aspen or elm leaf is thin, tremulous, and directionless, compared with the spear-like setting and firm substance of a rhodoe dendron or laurel leaf. The laurel and rhodo. dendron are like the Athenian or Florentine re publics; the aspen like England-strong trunk enough when puot to proof, and very good for making cartwheels of, but shaking pale with epi demic panic at every breeze. Nevertheless, the aspen has the better of the great nation, In thlat if you take it bough by bough, you shall find the gentle law of respect and room for each other truly observed by the leaves In such broken way as they can manage it; but in the nation you find every one scrambling for his neighbor's place. - Itsknto's MAodern Painlers. ONCE TOO OFTse.--The lady with the marsupial crinoline has experimented on its girl concealing qualities once too often. Just before the starting of the mid-day train to Mel bourne yesterday, an unusual amount of fidgetty whispering among the porters on the platform, resulting In repeated peeps, which seemed very rnde, in at the door of a first-class carriage where sat the lady of te an:ploe skirt, the neatest little bottlno in the world (military. heels), planted on tie cushion. This, though not perhaps an ex traordinary position for a lady to assume when fatiuned during the journey seemed odd at the station. A porter thought he saw a pair of juve. nile trotters on the carpet, just under the grace= fatl folds of the lady's dress, but could hardly believe his eyes. Another and another looked; there could be no mistake. A polite hint was given to the. lady that two passengers could not travel onon one ticket. The insinuation was indig nantly repelled, but alas I the unsentimental porter laid hold of the Juveniles ancle, and out the young lady walked from her hiding place. Au additional ticket was procured, and tee pair p oceeded on their jorney.-Gaeelong Adeertiaer, Aug. a. Aw EDITOR DIsTUnano.--l'The editor of a Constantinople paper was recently aroused at midnight by some of the Sultan's servants, and ordered to repair to the palace. On their way there the party was detained such a length of time that in the meantime tlhe sultan had retired to rest. The editor, therefore, was allowed to sleep all night on a divan. In the morning the sultan saw him and said he was sorry to see how little the press spoke of public affalrs, and that be wished to see all facts of importance in print. HEARING-TRoUMPaTe Pwn Scoaure.The war mania in America has brought out all sorts of inventions for military purposes-new guns, self- loading rifles, camp tents, and candlesticks, and variety of similar' and dissimilar articles. Hearing-trumpets (1), formed of vulcanised india rubber, and made to fasten on a suitable cap, so as to fit to each ear, are now proposed for mill. tary scouts for the purpose of detecting distant soands inappreciable by the unassisted auditory organ. The detection of military movements d. ring the night-a period when sudden attacks by the foe may be expected-is undoubtedly of the highest importance. EvnaYnooY knows the story of the Quaker in his gig, contronted, in a lane where it was Impossible for two carriages to pass, by an obsatinate fellow n a one-horse chaise. The Quaker mildly declined to back his horse-the obstinate fellow swore he would not. After an hour or so of ineffectual dlscussion, the man In the chalse thought to crush the Quaker into sub mission by taking out a newspaper and calmly pernsing it. "Friend," said the Quaker, " wben thou hast flnished thy paper I trust thou wilt lend it to me." The man was beaten, and backed his borno without nmor. ndo.-Sahurday Revoew. YoUNo L.ula~t' AcccoMPLIslMEraNTse . Blean their little filagres, hearts I. before they marry they ought to pert rm quo ratine in cotton, and servo seven yearn to pics alpudditgae.--s Dosglas Jerrole 