THE ELECTORAL ACT. A question of some importance has arisen in connection with the new Electoral Act That measure was recently received from England, where it had been sent for Her Mojestv's sanction, ana is now in operation. The next general election will therefore take place in accordance with its provisions, But an un expected difficulty presents itself. The Bill, it appears from the statement of the Attorney General, was most carefully and anxiously revised by himself when submitted to the Ilouae last year ; and as it waa an important measure, so much attention was bestowed upon it that at the time it was passed it was sup posed to have beea made us nearly perfect as possible. But, unfortunately, there was one important contingency lefc unprovided for. Hut win the chance °of the Bill not being promptly returned from England ; and now, on account of this oversight, it will be necessary to puss a special Act of Parliament for amending the measure of last ECision. This difficulty arises from the circumstance that both the new and the old laws muko ic necessary for an elector to have been on the roll at least six months befoiu the time of voting. Any one, therefore, wishing to vote before July next under tbo Act now in foice should have been put on the electoral roll when it was revised in May last. The framcrs of the new Act considered, appa rently, that there could be no doubt as to its being in operation before May, and that thus all the necessary steps towards the next general election could be taken under it. But the Act was not returned to the colony until after the month of May, and it is now doubtful whether any elections subj.ct to its provisions can take place earlier than July next. To meet tins oversight, and also to remedy one or two other defects of less importance, a Bill to amend the Electoral Act has been read a d st time in the Legislative Council. It provides that 'any person whoacuatucuppears on any electoral roil, either for the L'gUlative Council or House of Assembly, revised at any Court of Eevision held during the month of May in the present year, shall be entitled to have his name placed on (he register of voters to be made up at the Courts of Eevision in November next, for the district or division within which liis place of abodo as appearing en such electoral roll may novr be situate ; and every such person shall be entitled to vote at any election for the Legislative Council o» louse of Aescinbly respectively that may take place between the last day of November next and the first day of July, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.' Another point involved, and which is of special interest to the citizens cf Adelaide, is the one relating to the new electoral districts which are constituted by the present Act. Mr. Reynolds drew the attention of the Attorney- General to this on Friday last, aud expressed his fear that, under the clauses of the new law, many of the electors in the city of Adelaide would run the risk of being disfranchised at the next election. The Attorney- General, however, ia of opinion that the provisions of the Act of 1SC1 with those of the amending Bill now before the Legislative Council will prevent any such ruk being incurred. A proviso in the new Bill states that ' when, by reason of the alteration of any district by the Electoral Act, 1861, the polling-place at which any person so entitled to vote at any election which may take place between the last day of November next and the first day of July next shall be without the limits of the. district for which such person shall be entitled to vote, it shall be lawful for the Eeturning Officer or Court of Eevision to fix on the said electoral roll eomo polling-place situate, within the district for which such person, shall be entitled to vote, and such person shall be entitled to vote at such polling place at any election which may thereafter take place,,, until the Bame polling-plaeo shall be changed under the provisions of the said Electoral Act, 1861.' This counteracts any difficulty which might have arisen in the new electoral districts on account of polling-places ; and in reference to all other matters it is the opinion of the Attorney- General that the provisions of the Act of last session are sufficient. The amending Bill, it is stated will not re quire to be reserved for Her Majesty's approval, because, although it affects the electoral law of the colony, it does not relate either to tb» readjustment of boundaries or the qualification of voters. This, wo say, b the opinion of the Attorney-General, and the Legislature will probably act in accordance with-it, though there is at least one other legal member of the House who takes a different view. 'When the Bill cornea to the Assembly several amendments may be expected in reference to additional polling-pLieea, as two or three honourable members have intimated that their districts are urging them to move in this matter, on account of the inconvenience which is now felt in getting to some of the polling-places as at pre sent atablished. Several fresh voting-places, including one at Kudina, are provided in the Act of last year; but it is said that there are other wants of the samo kind which ought to be attended to before the next general election takes place. The only other matter of importance which the amending Bill provides for is the rectifying of a singular error which crept into the Act of kit MUion, and which illustrates one of the difficulties connected with our prwent ?yitem of Iftwmaking. The Bfll of Iwt year, it ap pears, repealed a previous Act without provi ding against the revival of three other measures which that Act had repealed. Accordingly, the setting aside of the most recent Act brings into operation portions of its long-defunct predecessors. But this was never intended, and therefore one object of the present amend ing Bill is to lay the ghosts of those re animated Acts that have ' revisited the glimpses of the moon' long after they had been dead aud buried. 