INTERVENTION IN AMERICA. HOUSE OF COMMONS JULY 18. The order of the day for going into Committee of supply having been read. , Mr. Lindsay rose pursuant to notice and said he wished to call the attention of the House to a matter of great importance the unhappy war which of aged in the United States. In doing so he felt assured that an expression of opinion on the part of the House on the subject would have an effect contrary to that which some of his son. friends near him seemed to apprehend He might add that, in the course of the observations which he was about to make, he would not say one word with reference to the sinking of the stone fleet at Charleston, or the proclamations which had been recently issued by the Federal Generals ; but would, on the contrary, confine himself as strictly as possible to the terms of the motion which he had placed on the paper. He begged leave to move, " That, in the opinion of this House, the States which have seceded from the Union of the Republic of the United States have so long maintained themselves under a separate and established Government, and have given such proof of their determina- tion and ability to support their independence, that the propriety of offering mediation with the view of terminating hostilities between the contending parties is worthy of the serious and immediate attention of Her Majesty's Government," He meant to leave out the latter part, of the resolution of which he had given notice ; but he trusted the other portion of it would receive the sanction of the House. He thought the Confederate States had shown their determination and ability' to support their independence. There could be no difference of opinion on that point; but, there might be a difference of opinion as to the propriety of our mediation, He would first address hnajäf tighe bngm of the fearful war now, rigjng now tjiell other side of the Atlantic; he would then. touch on the causes of that war; he would then refer to its effects ; next he would show that, as he conceived, the end of that war must be separation and lastly, he would endeavour to show how humanity and our own interests demanded that a stop should be put to that war. The hon. gentleman then alluded the compact. formed between the different independent States of the Union for their mutual convenience, the . area covered by their territory, and the aggregate population. The trade of the country in 1860 amounted to $350,000,000. Many people were under the impression that disunion was the impulse of the moment. It was not so. It had been working for more than a quarter of a century. The Southern States were dissatisfied with the Uñi0ñ7"añdliatlbueu protesting against the oppressive taxation of the North. On the 20th of December South Carolina gave notice that she desired to withdraw from the compact. He did not argue the question whether South Carolina, or any minority of the States, had a right to withdraw from the compact made for the convenience of all the States ; but he could find no clause in the Constitution of the United States which prevented any State from withdrawing when she felt herself aggrieved and certainly none which vested in the President of the Federal Government a power to coerce those states that did secede. The resolution of South Caro- lina was formed by the unanimous vote of the Legislature met specially to consider whether it was for the interest of that State to remain by the compact. It was resolved to be for their interest that they should remain by it no longer, and three of their most distinguished citizens were appointed to wait on President Buchanan and his Government, and represent their grievances, state the reasons why they could no longer remain in the Union, and arrange, if possible, the terms of separation. These gentlemen were not received by the Federal President 1 They drew up a memorial representing their case in respectful but determined language, and sent it to the then Secretary of State ; but it was returned to them unanswered. They reported, as the only course left to them, that the Government of Washington was unwilling even to hear their grievances. South Carolina, still anxious to preserve peace, and above all to avoid bloodshed, in the following February sent the Attorney-General to the Government at Washington. He met similar usage -he was not received, his letter was returned. Other States seeing how the Federal Government were resolved to treat the representations and complaints of South Carolina, resolved to follow the example of that State and withdraw from the Union. The States of Mississippi,Georgia,Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, and Texas, withdrew, and in March. 1861, met in Convention, formed a provisional Government to last one year, and elected Mr. Davis to be President. These seven Confederates States, anxious to avoid a rupture, and above all to avoid bloodshed, " deputed three of their number to proceed to Washington and represent their grievances to the Government, arrange terms, and settle all questions of disagreement upon principles of right, equity, and good faith. The Commissioners arrived immediately after President Lincoln had been inducted into office, and on the 12th of March they officially communicated their object to Mr. Seward. No reply was received till the 8th of the following month, when they received a peremptory refusal. President Davis published on the 29th of April a history of that mission and all the incidents connected with it. Every hon. member who read that statement must arrive at the conclusion to which he had come, that these three commissioners were shamefully treated. The Message of President Davis clearly showed that at the earnest request of Mr. Seward, and with the view of promoting the peaceful settlement of all difficulties, the commissioners were induced to forbear pressing for an early answer to their communication. Secondly, it was stated that during the interview the Commissioners were assured that Fort Sumter,commanding the entrance to the port of Charleston, would be evacuated that no measures which could prejudice the Confederate States were contemplated that a demand for an immediate a swer would be productive of evil and lastly, that while these promises were given in the most solemn manner by Mr. Secretary Seward the Government of the United States was secretly preparing a great naval and military expedition, which had for its object the reinforcement of Fort Sumter, and which actually sailed while the Commissioners were kept at Washington waiting for a peaceful settlement. The knowledge of that expedition reached the Confederate States only two or three days before its actual arrival off Charleston. Then the people of that place rose to a man and it was not surprising. They saw their appeals for justice, their remonstrances against oppressive taxation, that, in fact, the prayer of 5,500,000 persons-for that was the population of the seven States which had then t withdrawn-were to be answered only by the cannon's mouth. The people of Charleston were then obliged in self defence to lay hold of Fort Sumter. Soon after that, President Lincoln issued his first proclamation for 75,000men to subdue what he termed the rebellion of the South. Then it was, that North Carolina Arkansas, Tennessee, Missouri, Kentucky, and Virginia followed the example of the seven' first seceding States in rapid succession. As to the causes of the civil war, the suppression of slavery had very little to do with it. if it had, perhaps the people of the North would, have received more sympathy from the people of this country. During the last Presidential election, the .woi&'ilavery was used as a mere polite zeal #ry for party purposes. In his inaugural address President Lincoln declared,-" I have no intention to interfere, directly or indirectly, in the question of slavery where it exists. I do not think I have the right to do so legally, and I am by no means, inclined to do it." Such was the policy of Mr. Lincoln and the majority of his Cabinet, and they had acted upon it. When General Fremont proclaimed a freedom of the slaves in Missouri he was immediately recalled from his command. When General Hunter took a similar course in the district under his control, his conduct was at once disowned by the Government at Washington. Again when Mr. Cameron, as Secretary at War, in his report to the president, stated that one object of the war was the suppression of slavery in the South, Mr. Lincoln ordered that clause to be struck out, and the re | port appeared without it. The Government of Washington would not even admit that the suppression of slavery in the South was one of the objects of this unfortunate war. The opinion of the New York Herald might not be worthy of great consideration, but the proprietor of that journal printed it to sell, and must therefore write so as to suit the taste of his leaders. When he was himself at New York, some 15 months ago, the average circulation of that newspaper was about 120,000 daily. Reviewing very recently the sermons preached on the day of fasting, humiliation, and prayer observed in the Northern States, the New York Herald said that negro slavery was part of the Constitution, and the attempt to abolish it by the Congress or the Executive would be a violation of the Federal compact, and would, moreover, be an imputa- tion on the character of Washington and the other founders of the Republic, who agreed by a solemn league and covenant that the rights of the Southern slaveholders should be guaranteed for ever. The writer disowned entirely that slavery had anything to do with this war, and combatted the argument that slavery was a sin in the North there was not, perhaps, one person out of ten who desired to see it abolished. They should view this question not merely as benevolent, but as practical men. The slaves in the South represented a property estimated at £500,000,000. sterling, and where was the compensation money to come from if they were to be emancipated all at once ? Each of the 3 4 States sent two members to the Senate, the smallest State sending twoaswellasthelargest. On the other hand, the number of members returned from each State to the Lower House was entirely regulated by population. The ratio of population had been changed. In 1790, shortly after the Constitution was framed there was one representative to every 38,000 persons; while in 1850 there was one to to every 93,420. For many years past the tide of emigration had set to the Northern and Western States. Thus, in consequence of numbers being the measure of representation in the Lower House, year by year the wealth, the intelligence, and the commerce of the Southern States had been slowly losing their influence in that assembly. Between 1800 and 1850 the North had gained 31 representatives, and the South had lost four. The people of the South thus felt that they were saddled with taxation, in the levying of which practically they had no voice. The interests of the North and of the South were diametrically opposite. The South was purely an agricultural country, and its interest was perfect free trade. The supposed interests of the North were in the direction of protection. As the population of the North increased those States began to obtain an ascendancy in Congress, and then for the first time in 1824 a ' protective tariff was introduced. In 1828 that tariff was rendered more stringent. As far back as 1838 Soutlr-Carolma protested against the tariff, and gave notice of her intention to withdraw from the Union. She was induced to remain upon a promise that the tariff should be relaxed; but that promise was not kept, and in 1846 it was made still heavier. In addition to that the Morrill tariff had since increased the duties upon imports to an enormous extent. The exports from the United States in 1860 amounted to 350,000,000dols., of which no less than 250,000,000dols. represented the produce of the South. If it were true that exports must be paid for by imports the South must either directly or indirectly bo bearing an undue proportion of the taxation levied by the Federal Government. But the people of the South also complained that the increasing taxation was not levied for the purposes laid down in the constitution, but for the purpose of encouraging the ironmasters of Pennsylvania and the manufactures of New England The evil consequence of that taxation was felt by them in two ways because while they were called upon to bear an undue proportion of taxation, they were also obliged to pay an increased price for articles which they required from the North and which they could obtain cheaper and better from Europe. The real causes of the present disruption vero taxation without representation, and taxa- tion levied not for the purposes of all the States, but for the benefit of particular States. A very large proportion of the cotton grown in the Southern States found its way to this country, and the stoppage of the supply had created intense suffering here. By the last accounts it appeared that the poor-rate at Preston was 18s. in the pound. At Blackburn there were about 15,000 persons receiving relief, at Preston close upon 12,000 and about 17,000 claimants upon the Relief Fund. The English people were patient and bore their trials quietly, but their patience and endurance must not be tried ' too far. (Hear, hear.) He believed that the distress was greater than appeared from the account in the newspapers ; but the people knew what was the cause of their sufferings ; they believed that the fighting in America could only res suit in the permanent separation of the North and South, and they looked to that House to express an opinion and to try whether by mediation or some representa- tion to the contending Powers they might not be induced to reflect, if not upon the injury they were doing to themselves, at least upon the serious injury they were inflicting upon the people of this country. What was to be the end of the war ? No one could seriously believe that the South would ever be brought back into the Union. In March last the Confederate Congress solemnly declared the unalterable determination of the people of the Confederate States to suffer all the calamities of a protracted war, but under no. circumstances would they again enter into union with those who had invaded their soil and butchered their people. Even if the North could overcome the armies of the South there would be an amount of passive resistance, such as was the case in New Orleans which it would be impossible to overcome. Such was the unanimous feeling throughout the Confederate States. It was said at one time. " Only let the Union flag be hoisted in any part of the South, and you will see the people rally round it." But the Union flag had been hoisted at New Orleans and at Beaufort, where an attempt was made to open up a trade, and the people would have nothing to do with it. (Hear, hear.) Reunion was hopeless; and if we arrived at that conclusion then it behoved England, in concert, he hoped, with the great Powers of Europe, to offer mediation He held but one opinion as to this war from the beginning, in proof of which he would read a letter which he wrote when the war broke out, and which had been extensively circulated in the Northern States. The hon. gentleman then read the letter, and proceeded thus Independent of his wish to see an end put to the war and the distress in this country brought to a close, he desired to see the South separated from the North in the interest of this country. They all knew that the South would enter into free trade relations with us, and politically, we had been put to constant trouble and subjected to constant threats from the United States. (Hear.) Was it really the case that the offer of mediation would be scouted by the North ? Men of post tion,propeity,and intelligence dared not express an opinion there, because mob law reigned supreme. In proof of how earnestly the mediation of England was desired by the better class of American citizens, he would read part of a letter he had. received from New York only to-day, and which was dated July I. The writer said " Will England hesitate any longer to offer mediation ? Why, if she had in the first month of the war forcibly interfered, no greater illfeeling could have been shown towards her than has been shown under her magnanimous forbearance. Nor need a war be feared if you recognise the South. Gold is at 10 percent. premium, silver disappearing, " shin-plus rers,' or tradesmen's debt tickets, becoming a currency, millions of irredeemable paper constantly issuing by Government, and millions more to come if war continues. . . . What is all this against the stupendous power of England ? No, indeed, there can be no way short of England declaring it ... Is she afraid for her Northern supplies of bread stuffs ? Let her consider that her demand for them is the lifeblood of our agricultural States. They must sell to her. The probable loss of her custom alone would secure her from any danger on our part. We awaitheraction in sad dismay." (Hear hear.) Such were the sentiments of the people, and he believed the Government of Washington, seeing the hopeless for they have got into, would be glad to have some excuse for discontinuing the war. He had received another letter from Brunswick, in the State of Maine, dated also the 4th of this month, in which the writer, a man of strong Union feeling, said he saw now the war was hopeless, and he trusted the Powers of EUJ one would offer mediation. (Hear, hear.) That gentleman wrote to him not knowing that he had any intention of bringing the subject before the House. Would foreign Powers go , with us in this matter ? He thought there could be no doubt of it. The Emperor of the French, whose people were suffering from the stoppage of their cotton supplies, was known to be favourable. All that he asked was that the Government, in concert with foreign Powers, should offer media- tion. The South, he believed, would be willing to accept it-of course, on the basis of separation and even the North, he thought, would not be unwilling. Seeing how our own people were suffering from this fratricidal war, he trusted that Her Majesty's Government, either alone or in concert with other great Powers, would use her best efforts to put an end to the terrible struggle which was now raging in America. (Hear, hear.) It appeared strange and unaccountable that Her Majesty 'Government had taken no steps in that direction. It was clear that the South could not be conquered, and it was, still more clear that it could never be brought back again into the Union. He therefore submitted that the time had arrived when the Southern States ought to be received into the family of nations, and he begged to move " that, in the opinion of this House, the States which have seceded from the Union of the Republic of the United States have so long maintained themselves under a separate and established Government, and have given such proof of their determination * and ability to support their independence, that the propriety of offering media- tion, with the view of ' terminating hostilities between the contending parties, is worthy of the serious and immediate attention of Government." (Hear, hear.) ' - Mr.iTaylôrjr'whb had given uotiétfatfún' x amendment to Mr. Lindsay's emotion,, to leave put all the words after the word, 5 House,", in order to insert the words " it is desirable that this country should continue to maintain the strictest neutrality in the civil war unhappily existing in the Republic of the United States," said he thought Mr. Lindsay had not acted prudently in disregarding the suggestion of Mr. Clay, to forbear to move his resolution, which would, he believed, add to the bitterness of the feeling in America. He complained that a portion of the press of this country had not acted fairly towards the Northern States. The resolution meant of the recognition of the Southern States and intervention by force, which was another word for war with America. He had never heard, he said, such tremendous issues so raised. The reasons which Mr. Lindsay had assigned for the war were fallacious. It was no casual strife ; it had been inevitable for years ; it was the Nemesis of that system of slavery which condemned to chattelism millions of human beings. The Northern States had endeavoured to postpone this crisis by discreditable compromises ; but there was at length a sacrifice they could not make. He implored the House not to adopt the resolution. Lord A. V. Tempest, who had given notice of a resolution, " That it is the duty of Her Majesty's Government to endeavour, either by itself or in combination with other European Powers, by mediation or otherwise, to bring to a termination the existing, contest in America," said he thought the House should not separate without expressing an opinion upon the subject of this war. He justified the interference of this country on the grounds of humanity and of its responsibilities and duties. Laying out of view the hostility and insult evinced by the North towards England, and putting aside the motive of interest and even moral responsibility, he thought the people of the South, who had courageously m unturned their independence for 16 months, claimed the sympathy of this country and of Europe. Mediation, however, he thought, would be worthless unless backed by ulterior measures. Mr. W. Forster, after replying to some remarks of Lord V. Tempest, said, in his opinion, the motion of Mr. Lindsay and the manner in which it had been supported by the last speaker were not calculated to terminate the war, but were more likely to aggravate and prolong it, and even to drag us into it. He advocated the principle and policy of non-intervention. Was the object of this resolution, he asked, mediation or forcible interference ? If the former, the less that was publicly said about it there the better, and the mediator should be considered a friend by both parties ; whereas Mr Lindsay had avowed his partiality to the South. Then, if the mediation was to be accompanied by a threat, it would be justly regarded as an insult, and would aggravate the evil. If the North were let alone, it was not improbable it would find out that the sub- jugation of the South was too hard a task. Forcible interference and a war would not only be wicked and unjust, but foolish. He insisted that this civil strife was a great revolution that tariffs had nothing to do with it, that slavery was the real cause of the war, and that it would be the end of slavery. , Mr. Whiteside observed that although this question was difficult and delicate, that was no reason why the House of Commons should not express an opinion upon it to shrink from doing it would be a cowardly proceeding on our part, and he thought Mr. Lindsay had deserved well of the country in giving the Government an opportunity of making their sentiments known. Considering the distinctions between the Southern and Northern States, the fact of Secession was not surprising. The assertion that slavery was the true cause of the war was contradicted by the denunciation in the North of those who made this assertion. If there was an opposition of interests between the Northern and Southern States, why should they not be recommended to separate quietly ? If the quarrel was, as had been stated, deep rooted the mutual hatred malignant, when would they be reconciled? When would other States be entitled to interfere e ? It was not proposed to enter fore as Mr Forster supposed, by force, but in the spirit of the resolution. If it was possible to check the waste of human life, it was criminal calmly to stand by. The interference proposed by the resolution, he argued, was perfectly compatible with neutrality. Recognition was a mere acknowledgment of a de facto Government nothing more and no ground of war, as he showed on the authority of Sir James Mackintosh and by reference to analogous cases. In all those cases the question, he observed, was one of time and of events, and in his opinion the time had come when, upon the principles of international law, the Southern States, which had so long maintained their independence, might be recognized, without giving just ground of war or umbrage to the North. Mr. Gregory contended that though the war was, as Lord Russell had said, for independence on one side, it was not for empire but for revenge on the other, in pursuit of which object every other consideration had been lost sight of by the North, and we insisted that we had a perfect right to endeavour to put a stop to such a state of things. Recognition he considered to be clearly involved in the resolution of Mr. Lindsay, and he added other instances to those cited by Mr. Whitesides to prove that it was the policy of this country and the practice of the United States to recognize defacto Governments. He enumerated the titles which the Confederate States had established to recognition in the long maintenance of their independence, in the power to carrier" their government, as well as in their commercial policy and the stringent provisions they had enacted against the slave trade, the real encouragers of which traffic, he maintained, had been in the North. Those who hated slavery in their hearts must be mad, he said, to suppose that the reconstruction of the Union would be favourable to their views. The slavery pretext was a gross imposture attempted to be palmed upon public credulity. The question had been asked if the House adopted the resolution, and mediation was offered and refused, what should next be done ? He I did not think it would be refused ; but if it were, should we recognize the Southern States, it would most probably produce war; but he believed if we acted in conjunction with other States we should hear nothing of war, and meanwhile the impulse would arise from within Mr. S. Fitzgerald moved the adjournment of the debate. Lord Palmerston's should hope, after the length to which the debate has gone, that the House will be disposed to come to a division to-night (cheers) on the motion of the hon. member for Sunder- land. The subject which we have been debating is one of the highest importance, and one also of the most delicate character (hear, hear), and I cannot think that the postponement of the conclusion of this debate till next week can be attended with any beneficial result, either one way or the other. (Cheers.) I confess I regret very much that my hon. friend has thought it his duty to bring this subject under discussion in this House in the present state of things. (Cheers.) There can be but one wish on the part of every man in the country with respect to this war in America, and that is that it should end. (Hear.) I might doubt whether any end which can be satisfactory, or which could lead to an amicable settlement between the two parties, is likely to be accelerated by angry debates in this House. (Cheers.) We have had to-night the American war waged here, in words, by champions on both sides. It is quite true that many things have been said which must be gratifying to the feelings of both parties now fighting in America ; but, on the other hand, things have been said in the warmth of debate which must tend to irritate and wound the feelings of both sides, and it is in human nature to think more of things that are offensive, than of things which are gratifying and friendly. I confess, therefore, that I regret that the debate has been brought on, and I should earnestly hope that the House would not agree to the motion of my hon, friend, but would leave it in the hands of the Government, to deal with the future, content as I believe the country is with the manner in which the past has been conducted by them. (Cheers ) I don't ask this upon the ground of confidence in the Government of the day, because I think that whatever party might have the rule in this country whoever might sit on these benches, it would be wise and expedient in the House to leave a matter of such difficulty, of such delicacy, and of such immense importance in the hands of the responsible Government of the day (hear, hear) to deal with it according to the varying circumstances of the moment, and not by a resolution to dictate and point out a specific course, and to tie up their hands, thus taking upon the "House of Commons the responsibility which ought properly to belong to the Government. (Cheers.) The motion of my hon, friend points to two courses mediation and acknowledgement. We have heard a very learned and well argued speech from the right hon. gentleman opposite on the question of acknowledg- ment. I am not going to dispute that if this country thought it right to take that course we should be perfectly justified in acknowledging the independence of the Southern States, provided only that that independence Had been-in the words which he used, '' firmly and permanently established." (Hear, hear.) Moreover, I quite concur with him that our acknowledgement of that independence, if we thought right to make it, would be no just cause of war, no just cause of offence on the part of the United States as against this country. But the cases which the right hon. gentleman cited more especially the case of the South American republics were totally different from that which is now presented to our consideration. (Hear, hear.) The South American republics were notacknowledgedtilla great many years after they had practically achieved and obtained their independence. That was a war between them and Spain separated by the wide Atlantic from her revolted subjects-and unable with any degree of power to re- establish her authority over them and I believe, it was nearly 15 years certainly a great many years before their independence was acknowledged. But what was the state of affairs in this case until the uncertain rumours we have received this day ? A fortnight ago it was doubtful whether the Confederates or Federals would be in possession of Richmond. It was but a few days ago that we imagined that the whole course of the Mississippi was in the hands of the Federals-we knew that New Orleans, and possibly Charleston were in their hands, and, I contend, that up to the present moment, whatever may be the opinion which anybody may entertain of the resolution of this great determined nation of the South to fight to the last for the maintenance of its independence, practically, the contest has not yet assumed that character which would justify this country in assuming that that independence was permanently and fully established. (Cheers.) But, then, many people who talk of acknowledgment seem j to imply that that acknowledgment,, if I made, would establish" jsome,!* different relations between this country and the Southern States. But that is not the case. Acknowledgment would not establish a nation unless it were followed by some direct active interference. (Hear, hear.) Neutrality, as was well observed by the right hon. gentleman opposite, is perfectly compatible with acknowledgment. You may be neutral in a war between two countries whose independence you never called in question. Two long-established countries go to war ; you acknowledge the independence of both, but you are not on that account bound to take part in the contest. (Hear.) The right hon. gentleman argued that we had taken a step towards acknowledgment by admittingthatthe South had belligerent rights, but Vattel and all the best authorities on the law of nations hold that when a civil war breaks out in a country, and is firmly established there, other nations have a right to deal with those two parties as belligerents, without acknowledging the independence of the revolted portion of the country. (Hear, hear.) Admitting that the war has been established on such a footing that each party is entitled to be regarded by other countries as belligerents, the mere fact of our having acknowledged that those two parties are belligerents in the international sense of the word does not imply a step towards acknowledging one or other of them as an independent nation. Nobody can be insensible for a moment of the vast importance to this country of a speedy termination of that war. (Hear, hear.) We all know the priva- tions and sufferings which a great portion of our population are enduring in consequence of that unfortunate war ; but, on the other hand, it has been well put by an hon. gentleman who spoke in this debate that any attempt to put an end to it by active interference would only produce greater evils, greater sufferings, and greater privations to those who interfered. (Hear, hear.) There is no instance, I believe in the history of the world of a contest such as that which is now going on in America-a contest of such magnitude between two different sections of the same people. The Thirty Years' War in Germany was a joke to it in point of amount and magnitude. It was but the other day that I saw a man sent by the Quartermaster-General of the Federal forces on which were marked out the positions of 7"20,O00 Federal troops. We now hear that 300,000 more men are to be called into the field-making 1,000,000 of men on one side and probably there is something not much less on the other. Irritation and exasperation on both sides are admitted by all who have taken part in the debate, and is that the moment when it can be thought that a successful offer of mediation could be made to the two parties? (Hear, hear.) My hon, friend said, " I don't care for that we had better offer mediation and let it be refused and, if that were followed by acknowledgement, that acknowledgement would ultimately lead to a satisfactory settlement between the two parties." I wish to guard myself against any thing in regard to the future. The events of this war have been so contrary to all anticipation, from time to time, that he would be a bold man indeed who should attempt to prophesy from month to month what character the war _wonld_ asqumo _ÍHí>ar X_ "T-Winna. the country and this House are of opinion that the Government has up to the present time pursued a wise and prudent course. (Cheers.) We should be too happy if any opportunity should present itself which would afford us a fair and reasonable prospect that any effort on our part might be conducive to establish peace between these two parties who are carrying on a desolating and afflicting contest, but I think that the House had better leave it to the discretion of the Government to judge of the occasions which may arise, and of the opportunities which may present themselves. (Hear, hear.) It is upon that ground that, without going into any investigation of the rights on either side as to which may be right and which wrong, without expressing any judgment-because I think it is the duty of the Government of this country to abstain from expressing any judgment upon the two parties, I ask the House not to sanction this resolution. If at any time we should be able by friendly offices to contribute to the establishment of peace-it can be only by presenting ourselves in the shape of impartial persons not tied by opinions either one way or the other anxious only to promote that settlement between the two which may be consistent with the feelings and interests of both. It is only in that way that we can render any service, and, in order to remain in that position, to enjoy that character, it is necessary that we should avoid pronounc- ing any judgment or opinion. I therefore do not follow the example of those who have expressed opinions upon the merits of two parties. I only entreat the House not to adopt the resolution of my hon. friend (hear, hear), but to leave to the responsible Government the task of judging what can be done, when it can be done, and how it can be done. (Cheers ) Mr. S. Fitzgerald supported the resolution, insisting that a friendly Power was justified in interfering in order to put a stop to such a sanguinary contest. Mr. Hop-wood entertained the same view, believing it to be the duty of the Government to endeavor to terminate the war by using every means consistent with the maintenance of peace. Mr. Lindsay withdrew his motion, and the House went into Committee of Supply pro forma. A THE man who would stab a ghost would stick at nothing. > ' 