) ;* ,. '.LONDON GfOSSiP.. ~~~\ (From the Liverpool Albion, September 8.) No sooner is it announced that the spirit pf I -Doctor Bird Sumner is on the wing for a flight to the sphere above, than, lo 1 the. archiepiscopal mitre of Canterbury runs in ..every head as tho crowning tassel in the luoky cap of the Lord Viscount Fortunatus ; another armful of ! lawn sleeves being thus thrown into the hands of Him .who snaps his .fingers at ' original sin, and Tjijos his thumb at second-hand sinners. The English Primacy, with its twenty secs, and £1C,000 a year, is now the prize of the Anglo Hibernian Premier, who has just disposed of the Primacy of Ireland, worth £14,404. He has also had tho bestowal of the Arehbishopiick of York, worth £10,000 a year ; besides diocssses enough to ensure each of the Thirty-nine Articles a bishop of its own to provo that it belonged to somebody else, in the manner of tho Essayiste and Reviewer», whom everybody is essaying to review, only nobody does it. ! Woro the Rev. Peter Plymley, late comic -Canon of St. Paul's, as frisk} in the flesh as the live anti-Bt. Peter Canon of Chester, the piquant pastor would probably stagger the herds of bulls and bears in Copel-oourt, just now, with the prospectus of a' Right Reverend Tontine Company, for the mutual assurance and -recipro- cal insurance of the joint and eovoral lives of the Protestant hierarchy against that of the'Ciyia Romanos. There is aatd to be a superstition among the whole episcopal corps that they will, turn, have to giro up. thc ghost to bim who embodies the spirit of the time, meaning the spirit of time- serving, the mpst familiar serviceable spirit we . aré acquainted with,,'even in these table-turning days, when the art of avoiding a fall between two atoóla is carried to a Blon- din stretch of perfectability. The joint stock co-operative principle is there- fore obviously the sacred interest of the sacre dotal temporalities, and the sooner they set about establishing it the better for the Estab- lishment, or at least for the pillars thereof. It is evident the epoch of patriarchal longevity is revived in the Viscount ; but as he appears to possess the Parr's pill patent, they have small chance single- handed of keeping np with him. Hence the desirability of some communistic adjustment on the Agspemmone plan, every father being a brother, only avoiding Brother Prince's blunder, and eschewing sisters-in law ; or else good night to brotherhood, and welcome Kilkenny cat clapper claw tooth and-nailery till crack of doom. The only bishop between whom and the ' lively Viscount there promises to be a dead heat is he of Exeter. Old Harry seems to have renewed- his lease of exist- ence since a oertain. curate, not only threatened to take his life, but asked the Bishop to lend a hand at/clo de se, to' avoid a more un- comfortable biographic butchery ; there being somewhat apostolic precedent, however, for this performance, as in the case, of the snakes and toads of Tipperary, who committed suicide to save themselves from the crook of St. Patrick. Exeter's indignant inhibition of the menaced procedure does not seem to intimidate the intended assassin, who, in. the manner of the tenant right gentlemen across the water request- ing their landlords'*o bring their coffias.when they call " for the " rent»'has advertised his determination to do execution the 1st of next month. Then " pheasant shooting begins," as the almanac says, or prelate shooting, as they may say henceforth, unless the Bishop spoils the sport by falling foul of the fowler, and having a legal crack at the marksman who wants to make him his target, and to make him pay the shot as well. Until the first volume appear there, is no saying if there will be ever a second, for there is no telling what joint of terrible Toby Philpott's tale will be unfolded that would warrant the stoppage of further articulation. \- It is rather remarkable that the first, and last, time the copyright of private letters was publicly proved to belong to their writer was in the case of Dr. Ooplestone, late Bishop of Llandaff, whom the executors of Lord- Sudley restrained from issuing a second instalment of the Earl's cor- respondence ; and now à live bishop means t do the same thing ; but it is first to be see whether an injunction will lie against the pub-' Ushers, who, oddly 'enough, are pre-eminently pious, biblipoles, printing for archdeacons, and are otherwise types of prim propriety. Exeter is fortunate in having .' the : advice gratis of the. most competent of all counsel,. one whose general perception of the bearings of every public question is sharpened by the perso- nal application to himself of what is involved in the present interrogatory. Next to the Bishop, no man living has a more lively, interest in burk- ing all books about Exeter than Lyndhurst, who naturally desires that there-should be for ev>r buried all trace of what the resurrection of the "remains" of PhilpottB can alone .unearth, namely, that astounding episode of 1897, wherein " Crafty and cool, sly Copely shifts his ground, on the Catholic cause ^-s-re- delivering, as a speech, a whole hog No Popery pamphlet of Philpotts, to the consternation of Canning, who had just made him Master pf the Bolls for the very opposite purpose ; and the very, oppo« site purpose he served soon after, when Can- ning was gone, and eely Peel slipped into, his place,- making the unconscionable ' Copely conscience koeper to the conscienceless George IV.-a most sovereign sinecure assuredly. The learned lord, now 90, is Bave Brougham [six years his junior), sole surviving participant in tho.Queen Caroline trials, whereat the astute Yankee'(born at Boston), who had only .the year before defended Watson and other British' revo-. lution lets with American republican ardour, be- came a courtier, and so advanced*;to fortune. The period waa -prop'tious for such promotion ; souvenir of Hs success is suggested by the late prelate, who, then Canon ot Durham, spoke so disparagingly of the Mrs. Potiphar relations of , tho royal Br uns wicker towards Ber gam i BB to ingratiate himself with that model of all ma- tronly merit, the Marchioness of Conyngham, to whom a' member of his family bad: been tutor, and taught her young idea how to shoot graceless harts of old bucks in the buxomest, manner. She accordingly .com- mended him to G.B., and that " Curled Antony, barbered ten times o'er, whom ne'er the word of nay woman heard speak," (wife, of course, ex- cepted), made of tho - lady's Bird a bishop " Lady's Bishops " as he and a couple of others who had similarly feathered their .nests by the same fair hands, were irreverently called; and not miss- called because of majesty's majestic mistress either... Antediluvian dita do all these seem now ; yet he who truly sayB " After mo the deluge,"-for even the lineal descendant of Noah, the.member for Bucks, will be all at sea . when' the waters are out, and the flood gates of the deep broken open, on the departure of the Tiverton compass-boxer to Davy's looker-was a middle-aged man, and a fifteen-year-old official.' hack, while these things were taking place, nearly forty years ago. He is still-the youthfulest of his present contemporaries,'tho sons, and grandsons, and great grandsons of the men of his early prime.; and some of these great grandsons, Sheridan's, for ..instance, Lord .rrDufferin,'"^"h.avingV «.y.considerable graver Paterfamilias .- aspect than him se'f. If. Riobard Brindley were alive now he would produce a piece of os many characters as the " School for Scandal," yet con- taining only one character, that of his old crony, the Junior Lord of the Admiralty, 1800 ; and the dramaticvariety effected by this multipotont individuality would be as good as a play to look at, and it is considerably better than most plays now merely to think of. What would not Sothern make of such a role; coming out in every second scene, as somebody beside himself, and exclaiming that how ? ho became so is , something that no fellah can understand. Such is exactly the case with our highly enlightened pnblio and the incom- parable Dundrcady of Downing-street, who fills the whole stage himself, no fellah can un- derstand how, why, or wheroforo ; and, what's more, no fellah wants to understand ; and every fellah becomes furious if any other fellah tries to induce him to endeavour to understand. : "It posses imagination, as well as understand-1 ing, the probable part he will now play in the new phase of tho world's affairs that is unfold- ing, with perhaps inconvenient rapidity, in conse- quence of tho Garibaldian collapse, occasioned by as premeditated a piece of perfidy as any of which the Corsican plotter and his Turin cal's paws have been the authors. This is saying a good deal to those that know what's what and who's who ; whereas, to say so to those who don't know is about the same BB saying it in Parliament or the newspapers ; and therefore it might as well be said to the Man in the Moon. Nay, much bet- ter; for that sensib'eand serene indi tiánil would simply respond to the simpleton informant "The fellah'a a lunatic;" instead of congratu- lating bim on his sagacity, and talking of organs of intelligence, and such like neodlerie. That Garibaldi should be first imeighled and tre- panned into seeming treason, and then lured into an ambuscade, and there stung into aggres- sive rage by the semi-frozen Alpine snakes he had warmed in a southern sun, is simply of a piece with all the proceedings of the parricidal traitor of Novara, who will now assuredly have to follow the course he then drove bis own father to, and fly that country whose dark an- nals he has deepened with a sable stain beside "which all other spots are but a speck. Half a dozen years agi -vas it said, half a dozen times, every six weeks, in this column-" The Piedmontete pullet will give three crows on his own dunghill, and then have his throat cut;" 'and now the prophecy is being consummated. " Thrioe the brindle cat hath mewed ; thrice and once the hedge pig whined ; bubble, bubble, toil and trouble." The hell- broth bails as the fell fate bf Macbeth hurries on; but into, the demon oauldron has yet to be flung Sardinia, and cer- tain other weird ingredients, that will set iEtna and Vesuvius seething aa these craters, never did since the Titans were babbies.: Torrid hot water in Tiber, Seine, and Thames will pre- sently be the consequence, as was schemed on the Neva when the soldiers of the Po de- filed on the Tchernaya, for the purpose of "humbling Russia," as the wiseacre foolish phrase rJn in those wild-oat days ; and it is rather against the Gobemouohe grain to run otherwise now; for mouths.only, not ears and eyes, continue to. be open ; else should we not only see what we see, but. be able to make something of it, which now we don't, can't, and shan't. ' .""* *":" ' " ' "" It is a very odd tbjog, though it'would be twice as odd were it otherwise, that in all the polyglotical provocatives in the uprising of the down trodden, there is sq little "said of Poland. Signor " Anarchus OloDtz . Mazzini, whose pro- phetic eye, in fine phroDzy rolling, glances from the Fiji Islands to the metropolis of Gorilladom in search of chaos, unaccountably overlooks the very spot in all this wor'd most favourable for his topsy-turvycal purposes, provided' those pur- poses were really in the interests of the peoples. So obviously is this the case, that Kossuth, when comparatively ' fresh from ' Kutayah," and smart» ing from that"judicious bottle holding which tried to get him hanged while pretending to drag his neck out of the halter, repeatedly said that the only way to prove the Crimean mock war a real one, was, to strike the Northern Colossus direct through the heart, at Riga, instead of tickling his toe at Sevastopol... But soon the noble Magyar became imbued with the discretion of taciturnity in regard to. that inflam- mable topic, the Poles being singularly un- learned in the science of sham, and having a very inconvenient habit of going a head in, the right direction, once they make a start even in the wrong one. The Hungarian,- with a price on his head, a fugitive for hhilife,and with a professing British friend" baiting . a trap for his ruin with the Sultan, wasa puissance far greater than Czar or Kaiser,'.as long ss he Blood upon the law. .But soon he became moro lawless than they. . Then he withered into the less than nothing we behold. So that even' G'eorgey, were he ,the traitor Kossuth declares, would still be less censurable than his censor ; inasmuch as the discomfited soldier : at best yielded under pressure of distraction,. disaster, resentment, and temptation of . all kinds, whereas Kossuth deliberately became the salaried tool of that conspirator of the 2nd Deoember who had pro* hibited his landing in France, as though he were a pestilence, and for whose destruction he him- self had conspired with Ledru Rollin, Mazzini, and Louis Blanc, in furtherance of principles abhorrent to the whole spirit of the Hungarian revolt, which was based in legality and genuine constitutionalism. The Turin correspondent of_to-day's journal - - says- that - Mazzini's myrmidons in'Italy have; plenty of money, and are making the usual use of. it ; but it never occurs to the correspondent, and of course won't occur to his readers, to inquire where does this money come from, any more than it has. ever occurred to any of them to inquire where it ever came, from, for there has always been abundance of it. llazaini .himself-has been rather communicative'on thisi head'before now ; but the source he indicated was of a kind his hearers were so frightened to bear à word about, that they cried " Fray don't mention it," in the manner of Panmure, at the War-Office; when Lord Melville told him the Indian mutiny was bursting out, Pan being too busy " taking care of Dowb" to take heed of anything else, especially as he said he *. knew, all about it,"-; tho greased cartridges omitted; which was the part of the . Prince of Denmark left, out pt .Hamlet.by special desire. Truly-some people's oversight of things under their nose; and percep- tion of other things miles off is astonishing! ; j 