'A 'MEDIUM' IN 1772: I Being ' an authentic, candid, and circumstantial narrative of the astounding ; transactions at Stockwellrin the County of Surrey, on the 6th and 7th days .'of January, ; 1772, containing .a series of, the most surprising and unaccoantabl« events that ever; happened ; which continued, uom ursi to last, upwaras oi twenty nours,- ana at different- places, published With the oonsent of the family, and other parties concerned.'* Does any one remember the Stockwell Ghost?' The world'was less scientific1 and more gullible, ?perhaps, ninety years ago, that it is at present ; but yet certain 'surprising and ?unaccountable events' 'which it recordB in these days eeeni so suggestive of Stockwell- rediviviis that 1 have hunted up the story ; frontpages damp, 'good reader, not with the delightful dampness1 of your Uncut serial, but Vith the' damp 6f years,^-all covered with yellb\v blotches.' ': ;'t ' :': ? '? - ' . .?_?????'? The 'astonwhing .Iransactions ' wereas.foi On Twelfth-Day, 1772, a certain Mrs Golding was in the parlor of her house at Stockwell when she heard a noise of falling glass and china in the kitchen, iand her maid, who had been in her ser vice but a few days.came to tell her that the stone plates were:falling from the shelf. Mrs Golding went out, andimraediately noises began to be heard ell over the house ; a clock fell down and was shattered, a lantern tumbled from the staircase and smashed itself, and an 'earthen pan started in pieces, and its contents were scat tered about the floor. The noise attracted several persons to the spot, one of whom, a- carpenter, gave in his opinion that the foundations of1 the house were giving way. 'Mrs Gblding ran into a neighbor's house and fainted. When she came to herself, being still weak and faint, a Burgeon was desired to bleed her, which hedid— rather a questionable rf medy for weakness — and the blood, in a congealed state, sprang from the basin to the floor, the basin breaking to pieces. A bottle of rum, at thesame time, made .shipwreck of itself. In the meantime. the bystanders, for fear of the catastrophe' foretold by the carpenter, were busily engaged in removing Mrs .Golding's effects to the house in which she herself had taken refuge. ??? It soon became evident, however, that some agentj more mysterious and horrible than a yielding foundation^ was at work. j A pier-glass wrenched itself from the arms of the man who carried it and fell, smashing itself; It was pushed under a side board, and immediately a scene of destruction began above it. Glasses, jars, cups, and bottles danced over each other and into each other in a furious manner, many of them springing to the ground in fragments. , Some' one being asked to take a glass of wine or spirits,- both the indi cated bottles flew in pieces before they could be touched. -Mrs Golding's surprise and fear became intolerable;^: Seeing that wherever she and her maid went,* these strange, destructive circum -. stances followed them, it could not beexpected that the neighbors would receive such certain* loss into their /houses; and what was to become of her? ItTis : to be remarked that though the ser vant of the unhappy lady was the only person who expressed no terror, yet she was constantly walking .about, and could not be persuaded to sit still. Mrs Golding next took refuge in the house of her niece; a Mrs Pain, sending her own servant back to see what went on at the house which was not falling.' During the absence of the servant1 Ann Robmsori—aU was quiet, but soon after her return to her mistress a fresh scene began. - First a whole tow of pewter plates fell from a shelf to the floor, rolled; about a little while, then settled, and as soon as they were quiet, turned over. Being replaced, they repeated the performance, ' after which a second row perpetrated the same feat. An egg, which stotfd on one of the shelves, flew eff across the kit6hen, struck a cat on its head, and^hen broke to pieces. A pestle and mortar next jumped from'the high chimney-piece, folio wed'by the candlesticks and all the 'brasses,'' till nothing remained on the shelf. Mrs Pain and her servant then put the glasses and china on the floor^thihking to save something ; but the spi rits laughed at such' a precaution, and a tumbler immediately jumped up about two feet, and was broken. ' Another followed the example; then a china bowl, and a tumbler, with rura and water in it, jumped about ten feet, and was shattered. Next, a mustard potffiew out of a closet in pieces, and a simple'cup that had been left on the table jumped lip; flew'across the kitchen, ringing like a bell, and dashed itself to pieces against the dresser ; Then the table itself began to dance. It did not use its claws after the fashion of quadrupeds, as some tables d 3 in these days to climb upon sofas, &c.; — perhaps it had no claws — but it put itself inte 8uridry'unriatural positions before it couldbe induced to lie quiet. ..' A,.ham then raised itself from its liook', and fell to the ground. Some time, afterwards another , one performed ? the same feat, and a flitch of bacon brought up the rear. Several of Mrs Pain's family were reduced to such a state of terror that they could not stay in the house,; .but Mrs Golding's servant, Ann Robinson, was perfectly composed, and continued walking i -backwards and forwards in a ghostly manner, entreating her mistress not to be alarmed, as these things could not be helped. This curious way of viewing the matter, added to the fact that whenever Ann Robinson was absent the manifes tations ceased* caused her to be looked upon with mingled, dred and suspicion jibutj since she was never seen near any of the falling objects, it was evident .that if she had anything, to do with the transaotigpsj'her power must be supernatural. ? The noised 'arid destruction, however, eontmued at intervals, 'during the night, till there was net more than: a cup arid sauoer or two remaining : to the unfortunate Mrs Pain. About five o'clock in the morning, Mrs Golding declared that she could remain in that house no longer, and went over. deBired her maid to follow, to the house of a Mr Fowler: ' ?-..?-?'. '.;'?''? ': As usual, nothing' happened there until the appearance of Ann Robinson, on which, however, the unaccountable disturbances began again ;rand the maid, going privately to Mr Fowler, warned him not to' let her mistress remain there, as wherever she was, the same things wonld follow. Mr Fowler, then; ?? fearing greater loss, requested Mra Golding1 to: leave -his ' house ; first begging her to consider whether she had not been guilty of some atrocious crime, for which Providence was determined to pursue her on - this side the grave. ? ''. ?; :- \ '???' ?'?';-. ? ? ;?'/? i Mrs Golding replied that her conscience was elear, and shs would not stay hi his, or any other person's house any longer, but would go back- to ?her own. Mr Pain wont with her, Ann Robin son, of course, being brie of the party. As soon a^. .they arrived, a pail of water began to boil, like 'a pot' on ; the ? fire ; a box of candles fell down from a shelf, and a table began to move, and fell down. Mr 'Pain then sent Ann Robinson for his wife; during her absence no thing happened, and on her -return she was immediately discharged. And there ended the disturbances. Some few, pertinacious and dis agreeable persons; ventured to suggest that Ann Robinson might be able to explain the affair in a natural) rnanner, but they were hissed down. If she Had anything at all to do with it, then she must have had means at her Command of which ordinary mojctals know nothing. 'It was decided that the animation of inanimate crockery, furni ture, &c;, could hot possibly have been effected By h'uirian ! -means. . , , - For the 'satisfaction of such, for instance, as the narrative probably and srieeringly ? alludes to as being . ??' so ready to discover natural causes for everything,' it .may be added that some years after the astonishing transactions, and when the Stockwell Ghost had begun to fade and be no more heard of, this same Ann Robinson made a private confession to a gentleman capable of en joying a practical joke even when it ' bordered— as this certainly did— on downright wickedness. She put long horsehairs to some of the crockery, and wires under others ; on pulling or 'touching these of course the moveables'fell. When she saw the effect of her first feats she was tempted to ex ercise her dexterity beyond -the original purpose, for mere amusement. She loosened the hams and bacon, attaching thembytheskinatwhichsoorigave way ; and she threw a chemical powder into the pail of water as she passed, ' after which it . bubbled. She managed to throw down several articles with her own hands, arid when the victims turned and saw them broken or in motion, they attributed it to unseen agency. In short, the only magic was the dexterity of the supposed witch, and— a very large feature in the case — the alarm of the spec-1 tators, whose terror at the time, and their con? versationa afterwards, magnified many of the circumstances and invented others, arid who were too full: of their own dread of supernatural agency to be capable of examining anything, or even of a/moderate degree of observation.— Once a Week. . * Title; of an octavo trabt, ' printed for J. Marks, book, seller; in St. Martin's Lane, 1772,' ; .. 