GENE HAL INTELLIGENCE. I.ETTI'BE.—This evening a Lecture will be delivered by Ihe llev. ,1. K. Tucker—Agent for tlie British and Foreign liible Society—at the room of the St. lleorge's Purochial Association. The subject which the reverend gentleman has chosen is—'" Thc operations of the Bible Society in connection with the Church of Kngland Missions." Tin: Ghat IKAN<T:.—The complaints of the depredations committed by iliese exceedingly misciiievous animals are still many, but thanks to the vijrilnuec of the oliiccrs appointed the animals nro now kept under better restriction. For some time the cost of an information against a person allowing his or her goats to be ill large has been seven shillings and six-pence, IliB Worship the Mayor, however, at the conclusion of the Court business yesterday morning, very properly fixed the costs of the information for the future at half. a-croH'ii. We believe thai about twelve inform - lions are already laid for Ihe next Court day. V.'.i.r.iiiox li.MJ, Hoiuar.— A Gazette Kxtruordiii:irv was issued yesterday containing the Valuati .n lioll for the jji-.trict of Ilobart. It is notified that appeals against thc valuations will be heard at a Court of General Sessions at the OiuriofKcqui stsOJIiec.'. Murray-street,'on Mond.iji!• ni of .luin* next, a'. 11 o'clock : no'.ice of appeal to he 'Jreu to tiie Clerk of the Peace at least five daivprior i<> tli.it date. \V IRNINU TO .li'ia-iOur alteiitionhiisbeen enlhil to the manner in which the sununonsi s lor Coroner's Juries.are treated by the persons sunimn ie I ; many pay not ihe least ateiition to it, and fer.eiul.eedlessof the consi-qilenees. At an inquest held yibteriluy the naiiu s of three persons were culled who were nof in attendance, and Mr Jones said tliat .orthe future he should inflict tiie usuai fine upon all'so offending, W'IIIAV.—'Ihe attention of those dealing in this article is liirecled to thc fact that thc;C'«.mui.ss i.int invite Tenders for the supply of m.Ontl liusliels of clean Colonial wheat. The Tenders inns', lie sent in oil < r befo.'e the 23rd instant, and the lime fixedfor tl.c delivei'v extends to the 30th Jul ie. v vi.ili IIKI'OT. VitioKriKi.iv;.—In compliance with a rcj'.ios: fiom tlie inmates,a deputation from the Committee of the Tcmpeiai ce Alliance visited li is establishment lust evening, and gave nu exl ihilion of their Magic L.mluiu and J>issolving Views. Tempor.meo melodies were also sung. A large number of the men were present, who in conclusion gave expression to tiie plea- Mire they hntl received hv three cheers most heartily given. Tiie following Idler has since been forwiir.W to the Committee :—Invalid Dcpnt, Hriekficl'ls, [ln'urtTown, ISiliMiiv, lHHJ. Gentlemen—We cannot- express our gratitude and thankfulness lor the kindness you had the goodness to allord us yesterday evening, in having disp!."y.''d before us the many splendid views from the Magic l.illUlmril. We were (at least many of us wl.o never bcibrchad thc opportunity of seeing such a siglu) astounded with delight, and we may siiv rapture; we can never he so grateful as we ought tor this eoiisidoraijou on your p.irf, together with that of the gentlemen who worked Ihe lauthorn, and who otherwise kindly amused us : onr thanks .mil gratitude arc due to ihe«e gentlemen, mid to oi.r ov, n good Superintendent, who no doubt excited liiniiclf in obtaining for us this rich gift. We can iio-.v only add oiico more the expresfion of grateful heart--, and beg to subscribe ourselves wifh due re.:jicct. Gentlemen, your very obedient and liL'idv gratified servants, the In- • Vnliils. To the Gentlemen of the Committee, I Alliance Uooms, Unhurt Town.—OmaiMiiirottd. '• lloiiAUT Tows Cili a™ UXION.—The first ! meeting of this society was held nt thc Alliance Hooins'last evening, the llev. F. II. Cox being voted to the cliair. Tlia tieksU of acUmEsion . were supplied gratis, and a-large number availed themselves of the invitation to attend, tlie room being crowded in every port. Hie proceedings of the evening consisted of addresses by tlie 15c*. F. H. Cox and W.Henty, Esq. (Colonial Secretary), the latter gentleman taking for his subject " Elegies of Poets," and illustrating his lecture by special reference to the late Prince Consort's death aud the absence of any effective clergy upon him. Mr. Packer, senr., officiated at the harmonium, and several gentlemen addressed the assemblage. The cborousaes were most effectively given, and the chairman explained tlrnt although the present meeting was tlirown open to every one, in order to shew the intention and meaning of the Church Union, . for the future none but members of the Church Union would licadmitted. Tlie Ilcv. gentleman informed the meeting that to constitute themselves members of the Society it would be incumbent on tlieni to subscribe something towards the church fund, and however small that amount was it would constitute tlie donors members of (lie Union aud entitle them to admissiun to these assemblies. No one would he expected to give more than tlicir means would allow, if only from one shilling upwards. Those who were not members would .henceforth be admitted on payment of some small charge at the door. A most pleasant evening was spent, and the assemblage dispersed at about 10 o clock. ifn. CHABLH8I)ICKESS' VISIT TO AUSTRALIA.— " 'i lie paragraph in our telegraphicsuminary of English news relating to Mr. Charles Dickens' contemplated visit to this colony admits of the following explanation:—About five months ago Messrs. Spiers nnd Pond wrote to Mr. Dickens, offering a large 6um of money to visit the Australian colonics, and give a series of readings in them, from iiis works, for a twelve-month; at tlie time pointing out the great advantage he would derive from the study of life and character in an cnt l K=ly held, and the benefit he would confcr HP™ these colonies by making them better known ™ mother country through the medium ° f ™ ose Y luch ,. be would probably l0 1 " l<1 °. n ,us . Australian tour. By the ' u . a,i ™": h England m February s ? r f; S ,P ie , re <"><1 Pond received an answer * rom Mr ' U ' ckens sufficiently encouraging Jn its tone to justify a prosecution of the negotiation; and ns Mr. Spiers was about visiting England, he was charged, on behalf of the firm, with the duty of arranging the matter with Mr. Dickens, and wns empowered to make such an advance upon tlie original ofler as would convince that gentleman that the entcij>rencurs were prepared to carry o the enterprise in a munificent spirit."— Argus. " Amongst the items of English news telegraphed from Adelaide yesterday is an announcement that Mr. Charles Dickens is about to pay a visit to Australia. We are now at libirty In state tliat negotiations have been for some months carried on by Messrs. Spiers and Pond and the great English author, with the object of obtainins liis presence in these colonies. The paragraph in the intelligence received hy the mail would seem to indicate the conclusion of preliminaries, and it may now consequently be regarded as certain tliat Mr. Dickens inteudsbeing a parlv to a. contract ^ ^ S ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ r i ^ ^ w S r isiinri;!lty,a„litilcAu6U^mpuMic. This mfact js tho )le,Vcnterprise i„ ,ri,ic) I ;Megsrfi. Sp^rs Pond have embarked, and about which rumour has been so husy and so characteristically incorrect. The Great Eastern, Bloudin, Grisi, the Industrious Fleas, the llev. Mr. Spurgeon, have each in turn been proposed ns the real object of Messrs. Spiers aud Poud's speculative attention." —Iff,-aid. Taj; GARRISON OP HOME.—A letter from Home of the 1st February ill the Gazette da ilia say6 that on tho preceding night a meeting of the Ambassadors of liussia, Austria, Prussia, Spain, and anolher Power, probably Bavaria, took place at the Vatican. Tlie question of thc )iossib!e departure of the French Troops front Home having b ' oi opened,and the great dangers to the security of ihe Poiie, nml the tranquility of thc City of ltoin >, which might result thereliimi, being carefully c tamined, the Ambassadors declared that in case of the withdrawal of the French, those troops wo lid be immediately replaced by a division of the German army, charged to watch over the person of the Sovc- ivign l'ooliir and the tranquility of Ilonii i-.si,i.i--o SRARF.CTS Anr.oAl).—Any person who requires ev.den 'eof thesolicitudewith which Fugland wat»-hes over and protects her subjects, even tiie meanest of tiiem, ill whatever part of the world they may be, will find it in tho following occurrence .-—Ar tlie last assizes of the Bouchesdu-Hliouc two English sailors were tried for murder. The Court appointed M. Bouteille as advocate to defend ihc-iii, and tliev were acquitted. The linglisb Consul at Mai-sei'lles hastened to Aix to thank tlie advocate, and offer him his fee, which he declined to accept, and the Consul loft wiih the two sailors, whom he sent lo lingland. jShoi'lly .'ifterivards M. Bouteille received a case containing the collection of Kiiiilish laws in five volumes, richly bound, and bearing Queen Victoria's arms, and llie inscription—'"The Knglish Government to M. Martial Bouteille. advocate at Aix. in recognition of the talent, zeal, and disinterestedness with which he defended its subjects."—Mrjuagrr i k I'r THE KXGLISII DIVORCE COI:TIT.—Tiie Divorce Court has astonished every one. Thc Act lias been in operation for only four years, and from parliamentary returns it would secin that 1,200 petitions for dissolution of marriage and for judicial separation have been filed. The impression enteriained generally, when the first rush of business took place in the new court, that it was the arrears of past wrongs, has proved to be erroneous. The business of the court at the end of the fourth year of its existence shows that, instead of diminishing, the number of cases increase, and at tlie cnnnnencineiit of the present year the list of causes ready for trial is considerably greater than before. Judging from the reports of causes already disposed of, it does not seem that the sweeping allegation, formerly generally accepted, that thc aristocracy as a class were more depraved than any other, is borne out by the facts hitherto established. l-'rom the mass of business before the court it would seem har.lly possible for even the indefiiiigiible Sir Crossivell Cix?sswcll to get through it. The amended act will shortly expire, nml ii is therefore quite possible that then the whole question of the constitution of tlie courl will he gone into.—Qhsnrvtr. Instead of retaliating upon the mnii who calls you bad names, coolly inform hint you have not sufficient confidence in his veracity to believe him. A pedagogue was about }o flog a pupil for having said he was a fool, when the boy cried out—"Oh, don't ! don't! I wont call you so any more 1 I'll never say what 1 think again in all the days of my life." 1'IIIUHTI'UI. ACCIDENT.—During lunch hour in a School-room iu Montreal atelv some litlc girls were conversing upsn f; hosts. 'One of the young din miauls, a line girl 13 years of age. said warmly aud loudly that before a ghost should catch lier, she would throw herself out of the window on the sill of which 6hc was sitting. The preceptress, who was in the room at the tune, tapped her desk as a warning to make less noise, when this imfortuate yuung lady, startled by tlie noise, or her lien oussy stem terribly worked'upon, fell or threw herself out of the window and died soon afterwards. A Wuimxd Cxi:xi>I:CTI:ni.V ])EI I-.r.iti.I).—Two inhabitnntsoftheparishof Otpcl,having reciprocal feeling, determined on stepping within the connul ial circle. Bans were duly published, and the happy pair presented iliemselves at the hymeneal aileron Sunday, Feb. 2. Thc clergyman proceeded with Ihe ritual ceremony, the would-be bridegroom responding at the "proper time "I will.'' As llie formula and promise of fidelity was being read to the intended bride tlie mail hurst out in laughter; Ihe clergyman closed his hook, stayed the proceedings, uiid having admonished ilicm in his usual courteous manner, left thc sacred eili/iee and the liisappuiuted couple.— 6'HSSO.I' Kvprrss. - WivoncK CAM: IN HH;H J.IH;.—A suit for divorce , .. of extraordinary , - interest, . even iu tlie - re- - niarkaule records of the Divorce Court, is likely, '"-' understand, to occupy the atteuu'on of Sir C. Cresswcll towardsjtlie latter end'of the present month, in which both the petitioner and thc respomtent are members of the aristocratic clasfea, 'wmlethe eo-rapondent ii taldto I* connects with a leading manufacturing firm at Sheffield. Tlie lmsband, thc Marquis of W , the representative of an ancient Irish peerage, entered into the marriage state, it is stated, at the venerable age of three score and ten, selecting as his partner tor life an attractive younglady,only22 yeareof age. Early in last year while on a visit to the Continent, the marchioness became acquainted at Paris with Sir. C the agent and representative of a Sheffield firm in that city. The intimacy thus formed soon became of » veiy cordial description, and resulted in a correspondence, which continued after the return of the marchioness to England. In May, 1861, the marchioness, evidently in accordance with a previous arrangement with Mr. C., went down to Matlock, in Derbyshire^ on pretence of needing change of air. Not maiiv days after tlie arrival of the marcliioness at Matlock, apartments were engaged for herself, her maid, and » young gentleman, at an hotel not far from the Botanic Gardens, Sheffield, ostensibly for a newlymarried pair on a bridal tour. Tlicir stay w«s prolonged to a month, during which they passed the time verj pleasantly in making excursions in tlie neighbourhood of Sheffield, never failiug, however, to pay a weekly visit to Matlock; and on leaving the hotel expressed their satisfaction nt theaccommodation tliat had been afforded them. The denouement of this aereeablc trip to Sheffield liaB only recently transpired. On Friday last the proprietor of tlie liotel in qnemion was surprised by the visit of a gentleman who announced that lie jvas a member of a legal firm in London, end tliat his business was to serve a subpoeni upon the inkeeper, his wife, and his barmaid, as wi'nesees hi thc pending divorce case of W u. Vj andC .which is fixed to come ou about the 19 th inst. He had travelled from London specially to serve tlie subpomas personally. It is now believed that the object of going weekly to Matlock was for the purpose of receiving or replying to any letters from the marquis or from any other correspondent, as no communications were crtr transmitted by post during their stay in Sheffield There is no doubt, moreover, that the visit to Matlock was made available ly the marchioness for a meeting by arrangement with Mr. C at Sheffield, and passing ns his wife. The discovery of the clandestine correspondence was made, it is stated, in the most singular manner. Mr. C——- corresponded with the marcliioness through the medium of Eliza Jamie, the lady's maid, and hy some mischance or other the marquis happened to open a letter addressed to the maid, and found an inlosure for the marchioness. Curiosity prompted hint to to read it, and he found it was from the ut co-respondent C . He then interrogated the maid, who confessed to the irregularities ct her mistress, llie consequence wasan immediate separation, and tlie establishment of the present suit. The damagcsarelaidat £5,000, and Sergeant Slice is leading counsel for the petitioner.—Dailu Telegraph. LADIES' FANCV WOEK.—Talking. Q' •lisnox L OJT A. DIMUTINC SOCIETY.— DOSI & Quaker love the sea for its broad brim ? SCENE JN A THBKDKBSTOEK.—Mary: "Oh, Augustus, I want to ask you something so much 1" Augustus: " What is it dear t" Mary: "Is it true that—that—that hoops attract lightning?" A NEW Disn.—A gentleman, whose knowledge of the French was limited to a few words, and who was ignorant of thc meaning even of those, called in at one ofourFrench restaurants nfew days since for his dinner. " Vat rill you have sare t" said the attentive French waiter. "IU take some of that—that—what do you call it? same as I had yesterday—some French dish or other." —"I do not recollect, 6are, vat you did have day before dis."—'• Oh, some fried Ssh—let'« sec a fried flic de chambn—l believe tliat's wliat they call it." The poor waiter shrugged his shoulders, and put on a took of perfeet nttnnisluiient when his customer culled for a fried chambermaid. PAIXFUI, nm LAiicnABiE.—In the notes of an army surgeon we find the following:—! remember one day, in making my hospital rounds, a patient, just arrived, presented me an amputated forearm, and in doing so, could scarcely refrain from abroad laugh; tlie titter was constantly on his face. " What is the matter?—this does not strike n e as ft subject of laughter."—" It is not, doctor but excuse me, 1 lost my arm in so funny a way, that 1 still laugh whenever I look at it. Our first sergeant wanted sbflving,-and got me to attend him, as I am a corporal. We went together in front of his tent; 1 had lathered him, took liim by the nose, and was just applying the raior, when a cannon ball came, and that was the last I saw of his head and my arm. Excuse me, doctor, for laughing so, but 1 never saw such a thing before." In chemistry, the best way to separate two lwdies is to introduce a third. The same hoV» true in other departments. To increase ti e distance between a pair of lovers, all that's required • is to let Willie walk into the "back parlour" with a lighted cundle ill his hand, Tlie court jester of Francis I. complained that a great lord threatened to murder him if he did uot cease joking about him. * If he does «o," said the king, I will hang him Ave minutes 1 after —" I wish your majesty would hang bim five minutes before," replied the jester. When at college, Surtecs was waiting on the Dean on business, and feeling coldish stirred the fire. "Pray, Mr. Surtces." said the great man, " do you think tlmt any other undergraduate in this college would have taken that liberty?" " Yes, Mr. Dean," was the rcplv," any one as cool as I mil !" We remember hearing a story of a fellow who roused a venerable doctor about twelve o'clock one cold winter's night, and on coming to the doir, coolly inquired, " Have you lost a dog, Mr. Brown:"—"No," growlcdjthe victim. "Well, nevermind," said the wag. " I thought I'd just call and inquire, for 1 found one yesterday." "Poor Hans !" wrote a German to a friend who hud been inquiringafterhis son, u lie bit himself mit a rattlesnake, and vas sick into his ped for weeks in Ie month of August; and all his ciy was ' Vaier 1 vntcr!' And he couldn't eat nottin at all till lie complained of pcing a leetle petter so he could shtand up ou his elbow and eat a osp o* tea." •• What d'ye tl ii Ilk tl lim chaps ashore call abut ?" said a jolly jack' tnr, whose vessel was laying in the harbour of Valparaiso, to a shipmate enjoying a pipe by his side. I Jont know," replied his messmate" "some outlandish name or other, 1 suppose,"—"Why, they calls it a sombrero," said Jack. " Tlie old fools," said the other, why can't they just as cosy say ' hat' at once ?" An Irish girl called at the poet-office thc other day, and inquired for her letter. After asking the name, tlie clerk proceeded to look for a letter, but not being successful in finding it, asked if tlie name was on thc list of returned letters. " No, in faith," answered she; "but I now it's there, for I put it iu more than a week ago, and now 1 want to take it out to add something to it, sure!" "In one respect, at least," said Dr. Spooner to a person everlastingly shaking al-Out himself, who bad for nearly iifi.vye.irs growled about the tvorla overlooking his merits, "in one respect, tit least, you are qualified to be prime minister—all will admit this."—" Thank you, doctor," responded the bore much mollified. "But what particular qualification may that be''"—"Why, you are old enough,"' said tlie doctor, turning on liis heel, IIOSUN Sei I.ITIINI:s FOB THE GHF.AT EXHIBI- TION.—Ih-n.-h sculptors in Home who propose contributing marbles to the International Exhibit ion are now busily employed in superintending llie packing of their respective works. Mr. Galley's colossal hassa relievo of the destruction of Pharaoh's host in the lied Sea. Mr. Chhlwell's group of Cupid mid Pail and statue of Dialia, and Mr. Spencer's colossal group of Pliaraoh's daughter finding the infant Moses, are the most striking productions to lie forwarded from Borne. Mr. Gibson's contributions are already in England; but 1 tear tiie public will not be satisfied with a sight of his celebrated Venus, as the proprietress of tliat cn/ia <tnjmv, Mis. Preston, prizes it too highly to riik its carriage to and from the Eihibition.—filler from lb mc Star. What a suspicious monster the man must hare been who firstinvented a lock! but what a trusting creature the woman who first allowed a'latchkey} " John's wife and John werc<efe-a-fefe;'sbl; witty was; industrious he; says John, " I've earned the bread we're ate" and I,"«ay>she "bar* wW the tax," 