[frob tue ghost of gayndah ] I Well done Gayndabi poor little town! thou host-hung back long enpugb; and now thou urt about tttsbake off -tbe thrall which bas bound I thee. Once in the papers a variety ot produc tions appeared signed '''Ghost of Ban B.tu;' that laughter-making individual having vncat.nl [his j)lace; I, the Ghost of Gayu-!ahr intend to fill I tbe vacuum be has left. My visits, like the angels, will be few lind far between, am! will take place wnen least expccteu 'uy mosy tjuve cause to fear an exposi of their misiii fedri. But I. must prate no longer of. iuyse.lt, lest yuu think me egotistical. Now for the news. There was glorious fun the other night at tile Gayn iah Hotel. Haly, the member for the Burnett Dis trict, met his constituents, anil for* the space iif two hours gave tliem locric lind' jaw. It was astonishing to ohserve the -volubility :of.:his speech— how he told us what he bad -done lor [the district. He, and none other hud done this f — how through bis means money had been voted Ifor bridges, and other roaid impvoyeiiients: AH this was stated witboutteference to grammatical jeirors, for the one-hall' lie fead^was Simply a [conglomeration of evidence wblcli'was'far It'oin jtbc point, and was.iu a uiannerciUculaitd to [disgust the .people , with. the proceedings. ? Aud then, bow he did goon about the '* Ghost of [Ban Ban,' who he affirmed was a scurrilous [writer, arid shielded by the press.- ' 'The press,' he said, 'bad .ever beeh against him, and not !oniy bim. but all .the Government.' . ? 1 couirl [scarcely 'co.ntaiu myself when he spoke of your Ipapi'j, tb'e ^ttryborovgh Chronicle . as being a imiserHble'vub''c*t''-1'' aud my heairt's-blood rose Iwheii he Attacked the cbiintc-er of .that ventr iated, though departed shade. Jhe ' 'Ghost of Bnu Ban.' Nor was I sorry whi n from the obscu rity [of Kiiine iiiifg.lcfcted nook emerged, an individual iirho' bad hatched the £rocecdlsg« of our rcpi--- entativo from afar, ami who jiow. tasked him8 F'A'tT.'i! questions w!i i-;h he {Mr. ' Haly) wiisj? unable to H-! MY -jr. . iJi iin t forpidnt, claw lurclavy.S argument for argument, ^ufetiiin for question, | on went these two, (ill tbeclocVtbld the hours for retiring, and as Mr! Haiy ha3' completed hiss rigid examination, then (J Vote of censure wasl called for. ami responded to by n!l iu the'.rootn,! two exceptions only being found— twolninds only/ lield up' in confidence for t-ur member. Thu- result of this latter proceeding will tell better at] tlie election, which is expected shoitly.tg takej place. [ A ,™.l, ...I.I.U it 1* tfwunrM-. will lu. k ioMNt f-ivourite with eleel-ns is about to be published -.!& t contains good hints to legislators, and theg ' 'method and plan for forminc a good constitu-|| tinn according to the latest modes, founded ong i xperieiicu. An extract therefrom may not beR deemed inappropriate: — 'All persons puttingpj npfnr mnnbersof parliament should lte;caruful to speak only to bullock drivers, shepherds,' farm labourers, and uneducated men. Such individu als having no knowledge of what they lieally are voting for must necessarily ensure a safe return to any mail who is possessed of a few pounds, mid has the hardihood to put himself up for M.L.A, Avoid men of sense nnd refinement as vipers, leave discussions and arguments behind, and fhhalf of cash and plenty of cbeett:, must carry you safely through.' We could forgive Mr, Haly's assertions and mis-statements, his shortcomings,^:., had it Dot been for his deliberate attack oil the liberty .-of the Press. Tile Gagging Act has his sanction, 'tis clear, and the downfall of the organ of right and truth— that mighty thnude.rer must be sucnt.— jvever ! l lie coixiuct ot tnose wno act justly and uprightly, no matter what their situ ation or position, need never fear the censure oi the Press. It is only those who desire to hide their sentiments under a cloak who fancy they will prevail by means of bouuee. These, and these alone, have cause to tremble. As a some what voluminous repoit of tbe proceedings ap pears in our local paper, 1 shall not refer further to it, but would wish you to peruse the same, ij you have any regard for the honour of Maty borough, A meeting took place an Wednesday last at the School of ArtB. Mr. George E. Loyan read a collcction of original poetry. The pieces on the whole were thonght very good and those per sons present appeared well satisfied. Dr. Ste venson being absent op urgent business, Mr M'Nee presided on the occasion. There has been one death in the Hospital .at.lv — tjeorge Williams, formerly stockman to Jr. Ftrathdee, who about twelve months since was thrown from his horse, and received severe injuries. The unfortunate man was 27 years of age, and had only been an inmate of the Hos pital a .few days. He was 'buried. with respect, several old residents and .those who had known him iu life following to the grave; It is believed that death was accelerated by intemperance. The heat lias been excessive , here dining the past few weeks. Several heavy showers have passed over the town, accompanied by high wind. The feed is now Teally splendid far and wide ; whichever way we turn the country pre sents a beautiful green nppearance. We have not yet starteS our gold prospecting party from Gayndah. Either tlie inhabitants do not appear to think the precious metal exists in sufficient quantity to repay the trouble, or want of that necessary commodity, the ' tiu,' is the cause of the delay. However, we bad better not send out a party than that they should act in a similar manuer to your Maryborough prospec tors. ? Business here is slack at present, and various parties complaining of the dulneBS of the times Money is scarce, too, good lOU's and calabashes being the common currency. Agenuine£l note or golden sovereign. jire rarities, such sb might be classed with curiosities from the Burnett for the Great Exhibition of 1802 . ,- ,-. . The various bridges in this and surrounding neighbourhoods arc progressing steadily. The Bev. Fathers Eenehan and Cania arrived here last week .and held high mass in bur court house. The. Rev. Mr. 'Wilson was absent last Sabbath, so-::tbat 'oo Protestant servibetook place. ... — ? ? - - . The health of tbe district is not very good, several cases of diarrhoea, &c.;, having occurred lute]}'.' '' ? February 26, '1862. \ 