_ , - I ROMANDE IN REAL LIFE. , . j AT {ho Bow-street polfoooourt,on Monday. Mre. Bat Ä,lr^WiL80NL ,B «^Baetlyldrossed ' "oman, pleeednUbobnrohorged with bovin» feloniously li married wiih' Wllllum Langham Lo Banu Wilson «í«ÍJ?i,l,m,Mí oonn^tc<1 "llb Ibo case aro of Ibo i extraordinary obaraoter, »nd, in ordur that thor ma próporly «indflMtcod, lc will be neooeearv io *nT fajas 1887, nt whloh time O.ptXffiV! «me Oopuin wi.hoo,-d- 'Ä1-«SS "tilVobed; Morgji "ud-tuH* yoting, widow, and on tho 19tb i Xanuaiy, 1838, bo married bot, at tho parish ohuroh i St. PinoroB, London. Tbe pair lived happily until tb beginning of 18(10, t hoir only sorrow appearing to botbi tbe.ro WOB no prospect of Mr«. Wilson being blosBCd wit a family ; but carly in 18110, Mrs. Wilson informed hi happy husband that Rho was in "tho Blate that ladle wlBh to bo who love' their lords,' and on an ovrning i June it was eluted that tbo .ouspiaiouB, event woe 1mm noni, and uuortly otter midnight Captain Wilson twae, t bia intense delight, ioformod that be was the father of duo boy; Tho wet-nurse who was engaged if morbo tbnt tho child was unusually largo, and hod tbo Oppen; anoo of being two or three months old, for which rad .'Btntcmont Bbc was sent about ber buBincHo. Oaptul .Wilson, rendered still moro, happy by tho birth of j «on and heir, wbieh win, as ia uBO.nl in snob oaeei declared from' tho first to bear a - striking r< B'dmblanoo1' to himself, oontinuud to ? indulge hi wifo in ber little fanoiem, nnd, ii possible, poid wore otter tlon to ber then ever. All went on happily for a ' timi. , until Mrs. .Wilson qiiariolledwllh Misa Karie,'Who bo lived'with her aa companion BIHOO January, 1800, and separation between the two ensued. Miss Karlo, who 1 :» young lady of eonniderableporeonal attractions, possess lng many acoomplishmoDlp, bi'ing able to eonyorBu ii Buvornl languages,' and who, it la «aid, boo figured as i popular ni tiaro in Loddon oonoert rooms, befug thu thrown ripen her own rraourous, myslerioutly hinted ti tho mother of Captain Wilson, who lived in a quiet ll ttl Tillage In Herefordshire, Unit nae could elvo her infor mation that WOB of tho very greatest importance to bei younger BOD. ' Miss Berle having stated that tho obili prèeonted td Captain'Wilson os ni» son was spurious, tb mattor 1 waa placed in. tbe hand« of jo fire >ofi London Bolioitors, -, who eornmeooed proooodings . . at , onoe. ' Misa ' Eulo! wa seaured «nd kept alrn*jt a prlsonor In Hèrofordnhlri while tba bane¡.'waa belüg prepmoil, tbo'oroÍBHario<¿ of Mri \- Barbare'Wilson maMng two or throe- desperate attempt to gain her over to tbolr bido by moaoB of largo bilbo; I »nd larger promises. ,. , , j At length ali was.propavod,' brid oh Thursday, ¡the lltl i of April last,' ' MrB. JJarbarn'Wilson waa brought [boforo i ¡ full bench of niaglntratea at Ilaverfordwest, ibbergei j' "that Bho tho said 'lîjrbsra Lo Xliinto Wilson,'orí, o »boot ibelStb day ol July, 1800, did, together, with on \-- JUtown ana nw mm, u...u..n... ._ oonsnlro, combino, confederate, nod ogroo1 together ti falsify sud framlnlonlly to palm off a Otirtain malo obllt of tho said - Brown ond wito aa tho lawful child o William Xo Hunlo "Wilson and tho Bii.d,u»rbaia; hts wife qo that thu said oblld,might, on thu decenas of tim,sall WillUm T,o Hunto Wilson,, potmeSB, sa tenant in"tall tho çstntea to willoh ihd Bald1 William Ls Hunli Wilson lo ttnant for Hf.', for tho pnrposo of, defraud lng thoroby tho ntxt older brother." Mr. Blolgl appeircd for tho prosecution, and Mr. William Davies solicitor, with Mr, 3. C. J«mop, BOlloltor, oonduotod th' defonoe. Id opening tho eise Mr. Sloigb said (hat novel tn the oonria of a long professional career waa bo en gagad 'in soon an Important ossa,, or one in whiol great» Í pabilo intireaU wera involrid. Qa know'o nothing aomparabla to it In Impórtanos alno« Uta otis J brat«. nooglM p«r*f« ease. Tua. dpfeodaot wai I married «orno few yens, ago to .Mr. Wilson, and she was then in Tory bumble eironmstanoes, and very on. e uoated. Ur. Wilson HOB . gentleman of largo wealth, 1 and of him'' bo' wis' désirons 'to sneak with overy respeot,-' li» was iiploitanat'ely- alloted .w4th_* .mental ;'? malady, whioh .entitled ihim.,to',.every,Yoonsld oration. Well, be Biw this person, was smitton by har, it uppeara, 1 and married her, or ratbrr slie murried horsdf to bim. Tho maglstratoB ' .would '.''nridera'lnnd,...with " what feelings of sorrow his family raw 'this nriequal and , most imprudent marriage. To tbe estates now pos- sessed'by Mr. Wilson his younger-brother"waB hoir io tal), and, if there wire rio isstie by the marriage of Mr. Wilson,,would inherit.'them.' aire. Wilson, bo wm er, to pervert' this,' hit upon 'an expedient,; and, ns tbero was'no earthly , prospect; of ber having a child by Mr. Wilson,, it waa resolved ' to palaroo* a ouppoettoue oblld upon Mr. Wilson BB. hts son. Tliis nolirmo was carried out with "considerable skill and ability. It appeared that in^hTTTnonth. of .April, 1800, a Mr. Br.>*'n.i'and , hiB. wifp^roBl^dd'at.'.'tb'o Box, near Mr. Wilson's residence, at Mijobinharopton. Brown, wat Mr. Wilson's " oonohmnn; and his wife was Mrs. Wilson's sister. In tho carly" part of '. April ¿ Mrs. Brown was .deJivored" bf, a. oblld, and at this time Mrs.1 Wilson waa roaming about .the- country. with a companion, a' Miss Karlo, and : a gentleman' .whom be .oúld inot name:' 'They' .Weht t6''Ireland together and shortly: alter. ' Mr?». Wilson's anti'. ; Miss' lîntlo's return they; went to Loudon, where ,lbey w<r'<j met by tho name, gentlman, who''took'lodgings for thew. . On tho 13th of July, while,'rosidiog'In; London, a telo , gram waa bent, to Mr». Brown to ooma up. to Londi.'| she and ber husband'went up, taking .bar baby wiib them; and tbey wsre 'raet at tho station.by Mio» Karlo, 'who brought them to n oofTao-hpuao in Boohjatoo-street, where .Brown and tho, tjaby remained till "noitijy mid. night, i Mrs. Brown thou wont .with Mina Karie to the residence of Mr. ,WI|BI,U, In Charleywood-streel, Pim* lioo; and abont:'midni|fht 'of that day (Urcwn .brought the ohtkl to Charley wood-street, whrrj it was received . by Mrs. Brown,'aiid'^biouglit' arl to Mr-. Wilson's room, .' and on the next 'morning, ¿j" was reported in tho IIOUBB that'Mri*. Wilson'had been: oohflneii during tbe night. Toe learned oounael, amplified,tbefle' foots oonsidoru&ly;, and, alter, ó long'sad eloquent' address, sold (but he would oalli witnesses in support of, all tho statements be had made. Miss Estie was then onllod, ond govo eyidonao Bnpportîng every' stateroom mado by the loamed ooupsu!..witn' record, to, the nll.-giJ con «pi raoy, and the manner in willoh the child pt Brown u«d been palmed' 'off on1 the nniuspoottag. Captain Wilson, as hts eon. , Ia lier orog..examination ehe said that " when Mrsl.>WilHon went, to Ireland, Captain Wiltoo was ill. . She went to Ireland to seo rt fr iou J of hor>, h.» trustee. They NUJ-OI at an hotel at'W.torfard, und the [ruateo ôaruii f uijueutly. tu HBO, Mrs Wimm. Too g -n. Haman wlioaoobmpa'uiad .therd from Waterford was pre. -sentón all nooaaioua but the first, Sho did «eu some, thing wrong uppnon* dc halon betweun this gont!eman . and Mrri. Wilson.'.'' This'.took place in Chorleywood. street, after their return from Ireland.". - It wat; about a .week or two before Mrs, Wilson was. suppled to bu onflned. ' It happened In; tho bedroom. Sho wini in accidentally and uaw. the gentleman io bed wilb thu l.idy. That waa tho same'gentleman who went with ihoni io Ireland.".', Corroborativa, evidenoe 'was givon, anti tb» magistrates, after, ooneultatióv, resolved'to itoud the fendant for trial tb tho O niral Criminal O.iurt, Iioadon, 'buj.y to ,, nbcept './btU-bur 'husband Mu £8UD, «nil -two sureties'in jC^Ob'caab., Captain'Wilsqu put in tho ' requisite "bail.- > The otber , two surpliuB '.werul John Abóyalos Blake. Ktq., M.P., for Waterford, and Maxi- milian decente, Bag.. Tbe óiaa waa aftorwardv removed by certiorari from the Central Criminal. Court, to tba Oourt of Qaeoa'n Bénob, but bas not yet come on for trial, and on TODB \- day week Mrs. Wilson, wbo, it was eaid, bad corne from PariB to answer, the oharge of conspiracy, was placed at tho bar of the Bow-street polioo-oouit to anBwera obarge of bigamy.-Mr. Sleigh, who in this case also appeared for tba prosecution, said that ecoordfng to tho documenta before him it appeared that' Mr«, Wilson was originally married in 1848, at Billeriesy, to Jonathan Qotobed, who soon after wont to America, and thoo she, in the year 18Û8, married a Captain, Hunt, her former husband being' then alive. The oertifloatos bf both marriages wore pat io, and.a Mr. George Parkea.eaid he know Mr. Gotobed, who bad come with bim to town that morning. Somo farther evidento'wo's giyan, and the aase waa thou remanded to Mundar,. bail hoing, taken for the ap. .psaranee of Mrs. Wilson, ia one surety bf £80. A TiQEn SxonTt-Tho following, from the pan of an Ensign lt, the 78ud Regiment, oppsars in tbf jFUldT Öi5 ^"^r*.,8"^? 01 KhT«»"»» »nd I met th're an relied rue, and we went out, about . mile and a hulf ZI ÄTiDB' wlth" «'» »''«h «ountalnPSn ono side, ond a low one on tho otbor, and filled ur> with miTjlWï ??*f«"»P««M Pieced himself nbout tbS 5\. ¿Sí i "Vu °« ond 1 ,ook nP mT P°»»i°«> near "o fha end, wbere tbo ravine narrowed. Wo had below about forty beater« or oooHon. who bevan at tbi °Pen »nd b,at up towards rn* Tb *, had passed Heyland without anything beingT aoeo but as they neared the epot where I waa stationed I heard « ruehing and breaking among the basho, «nd naturally expected to ea« eorae pigs come oaf\o Î ÄiM'JMml' "Í'^ ««"««émeut, ont bounded « "Ber ; I then did wi at I have ainoe been told woe ai verv foolish thing. I flred at him with a slDgle-bwreU. d rifle. Luckily, the «bot struck bim through beth I ii ohnÄ' Wf11 ""».Bjwhefe else heTould have «ïît «i Vd 1 8bou,d h«ve t"" no ohaneo of St-** i* "wa*, however, he nabed'an ae w«»< \- Wnï nio the email pon'OI tho jun"". J.?a.wmoktnga lucky otra to «how himB.Vr>lrouKa his Btorqaob. Upon tbla T0rÄa u&'ánd with a frightful roar, that made my Hean green, he rushed baek to bia old haunt, receiving two or tbreo balls in his body as ho bounded through tho open Bpaao botwooo.tbo two jungles. It appeared, however, that he was in no hurry, to give up the ghost, for he got book nil right to hi« original lair. We now fonnd, apon calling for more ammunition, that tho nativoa who werq ' carrying it bad, through exeesa 'of fear, thrown away every bullet wo hod. We had now no alternative hut to ride home for froBh supplies, wbioh we did, ofter giving the culptlta m woll-doaerved thrashing;, and wo took advantago of tba opportunity' of 'making 'a late breakfast ; having done which, wo agiiln alerted for tho eoonp of aotien this tima'eoou oorrying two rifloa and a largo huntltig knifr. Sorewihg up our pluck wo entered tbe thick of the jungla on loot, and traoked, him. by bis blood: At last a native pointccfhltn out to Hoyland, who fired at and wounded' him; tho tiger oatno ofter us with a terrific roar, rind considering disorotlon tbo bottbr pn'rt of valour, we hastily mounted a tree ; this operation waa repeated throe times, and at last we' found bim lying on hie side, QpparonUy dead.. Wo, went lip within (Wo'yards ot him to have a look at him, Heyland firing both barrels at him, about 10 yarda off, previously, to make eertain of him j i but I ' suppose in his exoltotnont be missed I him, na tho' tiger never moved. Wbon we were about flveyarda from him, I proposed to give him a shot and make doubly eure; but Ueyland said,' Mo,no 1 you will spoil tho (kin,' »pd laid hold of my rifle, which 1, . like a fool, lot go, thinking the bruto must be doad ; tul- as wo were taking another atop forward he rose with an awful roar, and sprang Bf ter me. Heyland ran down- hill, and got bit all right) but I ran up-hill »a hard asl oould, end the tiger ofter me. I hod just got up to aomecooUta who hud followed,us"in bur aivonoe, arid were now running away OBI fast ,«e they oould, a rfd I beard the boast breathing at my baok. Whet en awi al moment 'waa that ? I hover expOoted,to get out of the serape alive, so drew my knife'.and turned- round'in'desperation to make a usoloss effort to save myself, when the tiger, ohanging his mind,' looped upon tbe b ok af a native whq ,WOH running'ülongéido of rae, and mn'dlod bim most frightfully j but it WOB bia .dying, effort, end the coolie got off with o mauling that would have killod any Euro, pean, but did not kill him. I OAO asaure you that J i abell in future bo a llttlo more oauUoua about aolog i up to one again befoio I am quite oottsin of til« beleg .'' dú»d." COAL.-The drat mention of »be nee of 00») at mu oogara- in a ohattar of Henry, tho Third,' gramlng lioenaefl to tbo burgosaos of Nowoaatle to dig for «eal. In 1381, Newoastlo ia enid'to have bad'tome alight trado in thia artiole. (Shortly aflornárda; doal began to bu imported into - London fot the' uao' of atnitbv, browùie, djOr»; ao»p.bellera, &o.; In 11)10, during the reign of ICüwarü ibo KitaJ, ita trna in London waa pro htbitod, beoaoae of tho euppoeod injnrjoua iniloenoe ot tbs «ruóle, lu 1000, the, nab of coal in the imetiopulla bcoaiue uO|ipraal J about, two bubdr'ed venóla wet* employed in tho London tradia,. and about UU.OÜO obaldrons annually Imported. In 18aH, howettr, thar» were,, beeide» lb# railway.bornn ebala, 19,907 augora imported, or 8,418,8X0.. tone. , Th* London «ual-ttatr» ,' nôw employa 9700 VMteley and 81,800 ateanma, and , oonatitutea onc-fborin ot the whola awaeral (rad« of I. tb« Tbamer, 