TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR. Why is a wise man like a pin?-Because he has got a head and comes to the point. The man who "challenged contradiction" got into an awful fight, and was severely bitten. Sophia's lover says she is above all price, yet fas expects some one to giro her away Boon. He who can find nobody that will credit a word he says, may fairly boast that he has no creditors. f A confirmed young thief is convinced that "prison isn't "ealthy." He attributes this to the " cutting air" that prevails there. Some one at a ball in Paris, being Beted how ho was pleased with the French beauties, 6aid, " I am no Judge of painting" The lay of the nightingale may be very delightful to a veil-fed man, but the ?lays" of a hen are liked better by a hungry one. Somebody has discovered a candid doctor who laving beenasked by a lady why he had aent her three draughts, replied, ? The first* madam, is to warm yon ; the second to cool you; and the third is to prevent the excessive efiects of either." Sir Robert Peel, speaking of Lord Eldon, ramaiked (hat *? even his fellings leaned to virtue's side ;" upon which a gentleman observed, that his Lordship's foil ing resembled the leaning tower of Pisa, which, in epite of its inclination, has never yet gone over." A young child in a respectable femfly in Wrexham narrowly escaped the consequences of poisoning by kissing the nurse's cheek, who was in the habit of painting.—[We iancy the story is coloured, whatever the cheek may have been.] A gentleman was one day arranging music for a young lady to whom he was paying his addresses. " Pf ?Ji Mi" IV* said he, " what time do yon pre fer ?" "Oh," she replied carelessly, "any time will do, tint (he quicker the better." Charles H., playing at tennis with a dignified pre bend who had struck the ball veil, the former ex claimed, " That's a good stroke for a Dean." " Til give it the stroke of a Bishop, if your Majesty pleases," was (he suggestive rejoinder. Miss Mary Bussell Watford once created immense merriment at an evening party. On her wnyehe purchased a turban, the shopkeeper having forgotten to remove from it the ticket, bearing the piiated in scription, "Very chaste. Only ss. 6d." She wots t at the parly, label and aIL A man named Stone exclaimed in a tavern, " Til bet five pounds I have (he hardest name in (he com pany!" " Done!" said one of the companr. "What is your name?" "Stone," eaid the first.* "Hand me (he money," said the other. "my name is Harder." One shockingly inclement day a poor woman begged of Aeries Lamb, ending her appeal with ? Believe me, sir, I have seen better day?." " So have I," said Lamb, handing the poor woman a shil ling, "so have I; i£? a miserable day! Good by." John Hunter, the great teacher of anatomy, in demonstrating (he jaw bone, observed (hat (he bono was known to abound in proportion to the want of brains. Some students at the time were talking in stead of attending to the lecture, when Hunter ex claimed, *' Gentlemen, let us have more intellect and less jaw." An Englishman and a party of Irishmen were one day at a public- house, and one of the Irishmen went oat and bought some cheeses. When he came back, he said, " If anybody in the room can guess how many clteeses I have, I will give him the whole fire." " Five!" says John Bull." " Oh, bedad, here they are," said Fat; " but how did you manage to cuesa it the first time?" " Do let me have your photograph," eaid a dashing belle to a gentleman who had been annoying her with, his attentions. The gentleman was delighted, and in a short tune the Lady received the picture She gave it to her serrant, with the question, " Would you know the original if he were to call?" Tho ser vant replied in the affirmative. " Well, whenever ha comes, tell him I am engaged." Popdiae Snm.E3.—Some ingenious writer has placed the following sayings in poetic order, (he opposite in juxtaposition:— As wet as a fish—as dry as a bone ; As live as a bird—as dead as a stone ; As plump as a partridge—as poor as a rat; As strong as a horse—as weak as a cat; As hard as a flint—as soft as a mole; As white as a lily—as black a? a coal; As plain as a pikestaff—as rough as a bear; As light as a drnm—as free as the air ; As heavy as lead—as light as a feather; As steady as time—uncertain as weather; As hot as an oven—as cold as a frog ; As ??ay as a but —as sick as a dog ; As slow as a tortoise—as swift as the wind ? As true as the gospel—as false as mankind ? As proud as a peacock—as Mas as a grig ; As thin as a herring—as (at as a pig; As savage as tigers—as mild as a dove ; As stiff as a poker—as limp as a glove ; As blind as a bat—as deaf as a post; As cool as a cucumber—as warm as a toast; As red as a cherry—as pale as a ghost. Brtces axd Moktab.—The lotal cost to Paris of the improvements executed in tlie last tea yeans, has been £319,134,000. That is the cost to Paris, paid rather in capital or rental; but, of course, a number of old proprietors hare spent nothing, aid are, therefore, simply reaping profits. Supposing how ever, one thud of Paris to have changed han4-> and the speculation has been enormous, the speculators making fortunes as quickly mon tj, e Bourse—tho actual outlay paid for by existing proprietors will ba as follows:— Cost of erecting 12,003 houses ... £118,200.030 Cost of enlarging old bouses 6,y91/);)0 Cost of demolitions 6,520,009 £131,621,000 Cost of fiie increased price given for one-third of old houses 57,300,000 £188, 4J2t,0U0 That sum, or more than a fourth of the English national debt, represents the actual sum laid out .by present proprietors, and actually demonstrable, item by item, as kind, masons' work, &c; Tiiis money must bear interest, and to pay it the rental of Paris must be increased by at least eight per ceut. on the capital expended, that is, by £15,010,000 a year. How long will it contine to be paid?— Spectator. Attempt at Poisoning in CBrtojr.—The cold blood persistence of an Oriental bent on revenge the utter recklessness as to the consequence* to others—the absence of all idea of the eacredness of life, are well known, and were very near having a fatal exemplification amongst us recently. On the evening of Friday hist, Mr. Shand en tertained a large party including General and Mrs. O'Brien. After coffee liad been served they all became more or less sick, some vio lently co. The General suffered very severely, and we understand that Mr. Ponnefather continued to. feel the evil effects of the dose until yesterday cren ing. No suspicion attaclies to the ook, who having partaken largely of tho coffee, after a day of fasting and fatigue, himself suffered frightfully. A consi derable uumber of native eerrants belonging to tho house, and in attendance on tho guests, also partook of the coffee and suffered in consequence. The. symptoms and the indications, as Car as tests havo been _ applied, all point to arsenic as the poisonous agent" employed. We regret to say that the old question, v Who is she ?" applies to this case. A lad in Mr. Shand's service carried on a liason with, tlie ayah, a married womau. The cook denounced the guilty parties to the husband, and it is supposed, that, to be revenged on the cook, the lad referred to mixed the poison with the coffee, nearly sacrificing the lives of twenty or thirty persons who partook of it. This is the suspicion at present, and the sup posed guilty party is in custody. Mr. Shand is about to issue notices in the native languages offering a reward of £30 for evidence which shall lead to conviction.— Colombo Observer. Kiixed IK Battle.—At Austerlilz, the Pre-jch, lost 14 men out of ever/100; the Russians 30 tho Austrians 45, or nearly one- halt At Wagr% m the French lost 10 men out of every 100; the Juutriau? 14\. At Moscow, the French 33; die 44. At Waterloo, Hie French 36; tlie Allies 31. At Magenta, June 4th, 1859, the Fr^cJ, 7. the Aus trians 7. At SoUerino, the Freehand Sardinians 10; the Austrians 8. It is eome what remarkable in the last example, that *' aaaT toy which was best pro- Tiiad with rifled did lew damage (ban the cna, if hioh was eotyppadintheold style.—Am, . _ 