ESCAPE AND RECAPTURE OF PEISLEY THE BUSHRANGER.--After mentioning the fact of the apprehension of this notori ous character, his identification before the Gundagai police bench, and being ordered to be forwarded to Carcoar, to undergo examination on a charge of having murderously assaulted troopers Hosie and Middleton, the ' Yass Courier' says :- A gentleman who arrived in town on Thursday, states that Peisley had reached Burrowa under a strong escort on the previous day, and was on the same night confined in the lock-up. On the following morning he was forwarded towards Carcoar. We are informed that the escort consisted of five mounted men, and the chief-constable of Gundagai. Peisley also was mounted and handcuffed On reaching Marengo, it would appear that he was handed over to the solitary policeman at the temporary quarters. What became of the escort we are un able to learn, but it appears the man in charge of the place, with unwise com passion, took the handcuffs off Peisley for a minute or two, during which time the highwayman took advantage of this temporary liberty, made a bolt, and got away. He was not, however, many mi nutes in the enjoyment of freedom when he was re-captured. The precise par ticulars of his re-apprehension have not reached us. However, it will be grati fying to learn that the next time he was seen under his old escort mounted on a horse, one statement says handcuffed with the reins in his hands, while ano ther affirms that each hand was secured to the D's on the pummel of the saddle. We have been informed that a man, suspected to be an confederate of Peis ley's, was seen yesterday morning follow ing in the track of the prisoner, riding one horse and leading another, probably with a view to aid his friend's escape. We shall be much surprised if the es cort succeeds in safely landing Peisley at Carcoar. We consider the authori ties at Gundagai much to blame in or dering so dangerous a character as Peis ley to be escorted direct to Carcoar, as he would have to pass through a coun try infested at the present time with bushrangers, who would no doubt wil lingly lend a hand for his rescue. Peis ley has a thorough knowledge of the whole of that part of the district, and has, no doubt, many confederates located in the quarter who would facilitate his escape. As there is a charge of mur der against this desperado, it would have been a more judicious plan to have had him conveyed straight to Goulburn, the Abercrombie, where Benyon was mur dered, being within the limits of that police district; and there would have been no hardship, even if it were not, to have compelled the attendance of wit nesses there. The main southern road, with its lockups and police patrol, would have afforded a more secure route than the cross-country one. WHEAT AND FLOUR.--The same pa per says that the price of wheat in that district has receded to 4s. and 4s 6d, and none but first-class samples will obtain these prices. Flour has fallen to 161. for fine and 141. for seconds. It is not to be expected that with a limited and over-glutted market, coupled with a new crop, about up to an average, that the raw materal could maintain its recent price. The Bathurst papers of the 1st instant represent wheat to be 7s to 7s 3d in that district, and flour 201. to 181. We do not anticipate that these prices will be maintained, as the market there is quite as limited as in this neighbour hood. A MAN FOUND HANGING.--Informa tion was received (says the paper we have quoted above) a few days since by the police of Lambing. Flat, that a man had been found hanging in the bush on the road to the Lachlan. On going to the spot with a cart, for the purpose of bringing in the body, the police found it in such a state of decomposition that they were obliged to dig a hole close by and there inter it. The name of the de ceased is unknown. THE LATE CAPTAIN WILKIE.---We quote from the same columns:- The fu neral of this lamented gentleman, whose melancholy death at Burrangong we re corded in our last issue, took place on Monday last. The highest respect for the memory of the deceased was paid on the occasion by the inhabitants of Young. The small detachment remain ing of the 12th regiment, with arms re versed, accompanied the remains to the cemetery. There were also present the gold-commissioners, the sub-superinten dent of the Southern Patrol, all the troopers and foot- police available, with a very large body of the inhabitants. The deceased officer was buried with military honours. The German band, and the Circus band played the " Dead March in Saul," as the mournful proces sion was on its way to the grave. Out of respect to the deceased, the chief places of business were closed while the cavalcade passed, and there was no per formance at the circus that evening. NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, MUNDOO NAN. --- We again abridge from the 'Yass Courier:' --- Last Thursday the interest ing ceremony of laying the foundation stone of this intended edifice was per formed. The attendance of spectators numbered nearly one hundred. After singing, refiding, and prayer, the Rev. Mr. Gaud intimated that thle stone would be laid by their old friend, Mr. Thomas Brown, of Jerrawa. Mr. B3rown ex pressed his sense of the honour confer red upon him,, and after sundry:-other. appropriate remarks, he cast off his coat, remrarking that "when a man was going to work, he should ailways takelhis coat off." (Laughter.) Having spread thle mortar and adjusted the stone, Mr Brown snid-" I lay the foundation stbne of this Methodist Chapel, in thie ftlame: of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." He then, examining his work minutely, turned towards the spectators,.and re marked-" I think that will do very well; what do you think? " (Laughter.) A brief and suitable address then fol lowed by the Rev. Mr. Gaud; after which all sat down to luncheon. A pub lic meeting followed, addressed by seve ral clergymen and other gentlemen pre sent; and at a later hour in the evening a tea meeting took place. The collec tions throughout the day in aid of the building tund amounted to over £24. The builling, which is to be constructed of brick on a stone foundation, and will measure 19 feet by 29, will cost £265, and be ready fpr occupation within the next three months. LAMBING FLAT GOLD ESCORT. --- The 'Cosmopolitan' says:-- On Monday our weekly escort left Lambing Flat in charge of Sergeant Smith, taking down to Sydney 4131 ounces of the precious metal. This is not so much by 164ozs. as our yield for last week; yet it shows more on an average than 2 ozs. per man for those actually digging-not so bad after all, if we could only bring our selves to disbelieve the flaming false hoods that are so perseveringly promul gated by selfish parties mostly in the western interest, to bring a mining popu lation to the Lachlan goldfield, regard less of the ruin that might befal hund reds of faltmilies through leaviing a cer tainty for an uncertainty. This one fact is patent, and should be generally known as it speaks volumes on our present sub ject, and fobr the truth of which we can vouch-namely that withiri the last sii days upwards of .200 diggers have re turned to Lambing Flat, mostly in a state of destitution, from the Lachlan, and have set into the old ground once more, with a confidence of success and remuneration for their labour that they have never.felt elsewhere., MELANCHOLY DEATH. --- Last week (says the ' Wynyard Times,') brought forth another of the melancholy events unfortunately of too common occurrence in this district. On Wednesday Mr. Jonathan Regent, a farmer, residing on Tumut Plains, left home in the morning to look after some cattle, intimating to his wife his intention of being back in the evening. Evening came, however, but not poor Regent, and he being a man of very regular and punctual habits, his wife and family became alarmed at his absence, and as night drew on, kept an anxious look-out for his return, but alas! it was ordained that " For him no more the blazing hearth shall burn, Or busy housewife ply her evening care; No chl'dren run to lisp their sire's return Or climb his knee, the envied kiss to share." On the following. morning the neigh bours instituted a search, which did not terminate successfully till about three o'clock on Friday afternoon, when RLe gent and his horse were both found dead under a tree which had been been struck by lightning. Death, both toi himself and horse must have been instantaneous, -there could have been no struggle, as one of Regent's feet still remained in the stirrup. COLONIAL. --- We (the 'Border Post,') noticed a funeral the other day going through Beechworth, which we should like to have seen Cruikshank sketch. The coffin of an adult was covered with a sheet and placed cornerways in a dray, driven by a man sitting on the shafts, quietly smoking his pipe. On the coffin were sitting three women, all talking loudly at once, and probably discussing the merits of the deceased, while as many children were at play at the other end, thumping the coffin with, all their might. Behind the dray followed two male friends, who took advantage of. an opportunity to leave the procession and moisten their grief at a public house they were passing. They were evidently not missed during the. female palaver, and whether they ever saw the deceased to his last restiifg-place, is a matter of doubt. We could hot help thinking this was strictly colonial. PERILOUS ACCCIDENT. --- An accident (we learn from the 'Maitland Mercury') happened on Tuesday on the Morpeth road, by which the lives of several per sons were placed in imminent danger. A Mrs. Fulford, was returning from Morpeth, driving a phaton, containing besides herself, one of her children and another boy. While comiungdown'the hill on the upper road, just on this side. of the town, the left rein snapped. Mrs. Fulford pulled him in' as hard as she could withl the remaining rein,.which of course madehhim veer to the right side of the road, at that part bordering ona dangerous and steep bank.' The horse could not be got to stop.,and Mrs. Ful ford, apprehending danger,: lifted the child and dropped hisn on the road. In a very short time afterivirds the pheoton overtook a bullock-dray, close :to; the lowecr side of the rbod, and coming into collision with it, was :partly twisted round,d andat the same time throwrn off the road, down the slope;, ad upsety Mrs. Filftbrd and the boy, probably .owv-. ing to the'shock which the vehicle lhadd sustained from the- dray, were thrown a shidrt'distanice aside from tihe pot where it turned over, and this nprovidentially escaped almost ,uinjured. TiThe child was alsd picked up safe and sound, with. the exception of a fewiscriitches on, the head and face. The party,?wvholi had so narrowly escaped a melancholy fate, were safely driven to Maitland, in the some vehicle, by asgentleman who' had come up with them at the time of the hccident. ." MAN FOUND DEAD IN THE BUSH. --- On Saturday evening (18th ult.) a messen ger arrived from Mr. Brown's station, Pullaming, with the melancholy intelli gence that the body of a tian had been found on lBumbergo :Ianges, a part of M?. 'Brown's run, and ablbut twelve miles distant from Gunnedah. Mr.T. Forster, J.P.,:imniediatelyproceeded to the spot, and held a ninagisterial itquiry, When it transpired that the unfortuuat.q ,mIan was ashepherd in Mr. Brown's employ; and that, in returning from the head station with a flock of sheep to one of the back stations, he must' have lost hiinself, and wandered about until excessive weakness or thirst, or perhaps both combined causad by the oppressive state of the weather, forced him to lay down. He was undressed, and rolled up in his blanket. [Since the above was written it has been.as-." certained that the deceased man's name is; VWards']--.Maitanid Mercury.? . TERRIFIC ACCIDENT FROM LIGHTNING. We extract the following from the same pa per:-" Yesterday evening, during the heavy thunderstorm which passed over our town, the house occupied by Mrs. Bailey, on Campbell's- Hill was struck by lightning, doing great damage. The lightning appears to.have en- ' tered by the top of the chimney, and burst through the brickwork into the house, and escaped through a slab on the opposite side of the chimney. During its brief visitation it smashed two clocks to atoms and scattered them over the room; besides smashing other other articles of furniture. At the time Mrs .Bailey and her two youngest children were in a back room, and one of the children was struck senseless; the other was hurt on the face with a splinter, but we are happy to state that the children are now recovering. The men in the employ of MIr. Boggs, who were, working in 'a shop adjacent state that the flash was intensely vivid, and seemed to affect them whilst at work. We believe the room will be left so as to .afford an opportunity to parties to witness the scene of devastation." A youth, of the name of Chappelow, .was killed by a fall from a horse in the.neighbour hood of Cook's river, onFriday last. An'in quest was held and 'it verdict of accidental death returned. "The whole of the children of the Destitute Asylum at Randwick, 274 in number, were treated to an excursion to Cnmpbelltown on: Thursday last. Refreshments were provided,' and amusements entered into by the young sters with great: zest. The conveyance by train was at the expense of the Government. They 'returned to town at an early, hour, highly pleased with 'their excursion. Three lascars belonging to the ship. Shah Jehahan, have been tried by 'the Supreme Court, and convicted of the wilful m,.rder or . the serang of that vessel. They 'all received sentence of death. CAPTURE BY THE DETECTIVE POLICE. --- A few evenings ago Captain Kelly,. well known in Sydney, was arrested on a charge uof stealing jewellery. Lieutenant' Hillier was also arrested about the same time, on the charge of obtaining money under false pre tences. These persons it appears have been for some time under the surveillance of the 'detective police.-.Empire. THE CHINESE NEW YEAR. --- On Wednes day last, says the Sydney Herald, all the Chinese shopkeepers in Sydney closed their establishments, and refused to serve cus tourners. Upon inquiry, it was discovered that, according to the Chinese reckoning, the old year closed with Wednesday, and that the event was being:celebrated in the.;usuall Chi nose fishion. Tn the evening a pig:was killed. and its head having been dresse'd,i:.t..- wa adorned with flowers and -placed .in?ia ':on.:, spicuoirs place in one of the Chinese houses,.' where each Chinaman in turn bowed down before it,: apparently performing some act of religious homage. The floor of each of th'e apartments in the house was extensively: lighted with candles in bottles, and after the religious ceremonial was over, .the company adjourned to partake of a sumptuous supper, consisting of an abundance of poultry. The body.of.the pig was also served up and.eaten. Musical performances in the Chinese style followed, and were kept up till daylight in the new year, " ' LETTING THE RAILWAYS. --- The Tamworth Examiner says:-- "If it should happen that our metropolitan telegraphic correspondent is correct in his announcement that the Govern ment are likely to let the railways, the public will need a guarantee against any extortion on the part of the lessees. In England strong - competition prevents managers of railways from changing exorbitantly; but here, where we can have no such.healthy competition, the public must be protected in another. manner,:: and no lessee allowed' to exceed p.resntr ates;: \Ve hliae heard that Mr. J. H. Atkinson,. M.P., has offered a very.handsome annual rent for the Great Southern line, and promises besides, if.hls' tender -be accepted, to consi derably lower.the present fares; We believe Mir. Atkinson would be a gainer in the end' by adopting this course." ACCIDENT. --- Last Saturday week, at midday, a shepherd a Aberfoil sat down in the shade of a tree. As the tree bore no appearance of decay, and the heat was very oppressive, he soon fell asleep. He was awakened by the cracking of branches above him, and endea- voured to escape, but was struck down by the falling wood, which fractured the bone of his right leg his calf was lpenetrated by a splin ter his right hip was severely bruised:- and his head was soihonsly 'ut. 'He contrived.to craivl from amongst thebroken wood, buthad' to remain Inthe vicinity.of the spot till one or two o'clock on Sunday morning, whien Ihe was discovered by a.party who had gone out in search of:him. On Monday hb was taken to. the Armldalo hospital, whereor under the care of Drs.' Vest and Skinner, of whose at-: tontton Ihe speaks highly, he is now'l ecover . Ing.-rpreaso.. The latest accounts received from the Otago gold-fieolds state that a a largo falling off has taken place in the quantity of gold brought down by escort. A conusidrable number of 'diggers had left Otago, to try their luck in other parts of Now Zealand, said to be aurd ferous. , I : : A singular case has recently occurred at Maldon in connection with the society of odd fellows, A charge was tiro ght In:a. lodge. against a member named 'eveers, who,, It. was' alleged, had tidelted hlswife to follow' anur" immoral course of life. The cbhargo wan 'proved to the satisfaction of' the lodge by the evidence of several members, and Vevoerswas expelled. He then appealed against thedeci sion to tihe maglistrates, on the ground that the offenco for Abrhivt6h he had been curt off from; thie lodge was not provided for liy the rules of the odd-ifellows, and he therefore clanimed to be reinstated amember oft that body. The bbnch held, after hearing ervilence, that the plaintiff Ilad been properly dehslwith under the 221st 'general law of the order, which Is as follows, and dismissed the appeal:---"If any member be guilty of fraud, or any. other disgraceful; conduct, or following any evil, wilcked, or notorious practice, he should be orpilled."? i ~i 