MESMERISM IN AUSTRALIA. THE following is from the latest portion of Edward Bulwer Lytton's new tale, "A Strange Story," in the last January number of All the Year Round. It will be seen that the novel haï conducted hts characters to Australia, whc it scams probabte, the story will terminate : Tt;e voyage is over. At the seaport at whi wo Untied I found a lotter /rom Faber, I instrtic ions hid reached him in time to effi the purchase on which his description had fix my desire. Tho stock, the implements of lu dandry, the furniture of the house, were inclut] in tho purchase. All- was prepared fori arrival, and I hastened from the then miserai ?village, which may como day rise into one tho mightiest capitals of tho world, to my lod in the wilderness. It wai tho burst of the Australian sprÎDg, whi co'nmeucoa in tho autumn month of Ootob The air waa loadod with tho perfume of t aoaùss. Amidst tho glades of the open fon laud, or climbing the craggy banks of windi silvery creeks,* creepers and flowers of dazzling hua contrasted tho olive-green of the surroundi foliage. Tho exhilirating effect of the olimi in that season hoightons tho charm of I atrtngo scenery. In tho brilliancy of the si in tho lightness of tho atmosphere, the sense life Í3 wondrously quickened. With tho ve breath tho Adventurer draws in from thew air, lie feels as if inhaling hope. We have reached our home—we aro settled in it ; the early unfamiliar impressions aro wo away. We have learned to dispense with mu that wo nt first missed, nnd are reconciled mno'i that at first disappointed or displeased. Tao house is built but of logs--tho lato pi prie tor lind commenced, upon a rising grout: a milo distant, a more imposing edifico of ston but it ia not half finished. Jills log-house is commodious, and much h bean done, within and without, to conceal adpra its primitivo rudeness. It is of irrogul picturesque form, with verandahs round thr sideB of ir, to whioh the grape-vine has ba trained, with glossy leaves that clamber up thegiblo roof. There is a large garden in froi in which many English fruit-trees have been si and grow fist amongst the plants of the tropi and tho ornngo-treas of Southern Europe. B yond, stretch nntlulous pastures, studded wi flecks und herds ; to tho left, soar up, long range, tho many-ooloured hills ; tho right, meanders a creek, bel« by feathery trees ; and on its opp sito bank a forest opens, through frequo breaks, into park-like glades and alleys. Tl territory, of whioh I so suddenly find myself tl lord, is vost, even for a oolonial capitalist. It' had boon originally purchased as " special survey,", comprising twonty thouaai acres, with the privilege of pasture ovar for thousand more. In very little of this lan though it includes som o of the most fertile d: trials in the known world, has cultivation bei «ven commenced. At the time I on tor od in possession even sheep wero barely profitable Jabour was scarco and costly. . Regarded as speculation, I could not wonder that my prod cess sr fled in fear from his domain. Had invested tho bulk of my capital in this lord purchase I should have doomed myself ruined man ; but a villa near Londo with a hundred acres, would have cost mo i much to buy, and thiice as much to keep uj I could afford the investment I : had made. . io tad a Scotch biiliff already on the esta'e, an I was contented to escapo from rural ocaup; tiona, to which I brought no experience, b making it worth his while to serve mo wit zeal. Two domestics of my own, and two wh had beeu for many years with . Mr. Ashleigl had accompanied us ; they romained : faithfu and seemed contented. So tho clocl work of our mere household arrangi meats wont on much the same as i our nativo homes. Lilian was not subjecte to tho ordinary privations and discomforts tin await tho wife even of the wealthy emigran Alas 1 would sho havo heeded them if she ha been? Tho change of scone wrought a decide -chango for the better in hor health and spirit! but not snob as implied a dawn of revivin zo ison. But her countenanco was now mor rarely overcast. Its usual aspect was glad wit' a soft mysterious smilo. Sha would murmu snatches of songs, that were partly borrowo from English poets, partly gliding aw.iy inti what seemed spontaneous additions of her owi -wanting intelligible meuning, but nove melody nor rhyme. Strange, that memory um imitation-tho two oarltcst parents of all ir vnntive knowledge- should still bo so active añá judgment-tho after faculty, that combine tho vest into ptirposo and method-be annulled , Julius Faber I seo continually, though hi residence is n few miles distant. Ho is sanguia as to Lilian's nltimato recovery; and, to m amizemout and to my envy, ho has contiived by somo art which I cunnot attain, to establisl between her nnd himself intolligiblo cora muninn. Sho comprehends his quostions when mino, though tho simples! secan to hor in unknown langnnge and ho cimslruos into sonso her words, that ti mo oro meaningless riddles. " I was right," ho said to mo ono day, loavinj hor sca'.od in the garden beside her quiet, patten mother, nnd joining mo whore I lay-listless yo fretful-under tho shadeless gum-trees, gazing not on tho flocks and fields that I could etil mj own, but on tho far mountain range, from which tho arch nf tho horizon seemod to spring ;-" ] was right," said tho great physician; " thiî is reason suspended, not reason lost. Your wife will recover ; but——" " But what?" " Give me your arm as I walk homeward, and I will toll you the conclusion to which I havo como." I rose, the old man loant on me, and wc went down the valley, along the craggy ridges of tho winding creek. Tho woodland on the op poa i ta bank was voonl. with tho chirp, and creak, and chatter of Australian birds - ail mirthful and songloss, savo that sweotness of warblers, whioh somo carly irreverent emigrant degraded to the naroo of rangio, bat whoso noto is sweotor than tho nightingale's, and trills through tho luoont air with a distinct ecstatic melody of joy tlint dominatos all the discords;--so ravishing tho senso, that, while it sings, tito oar sdiircoly heeds tho scroirn of tho parrots. " You may remember," said Julius Fi?0«, Sir I-Iamphry Davys oloquont description thoefloot produced on him by tho inhalation of nitrous oxido. Ho statos that he began to lose tho porcoptlon of oxtornal things : trains of yivid visib'lo imagos rapidly passed through his mind, and woro connco'od with words in such n nviunor ns to produoo' porcoptions perfectly novel. 'Ioxlstcd,' ho says, «In a world of . Crock ls tbu nemo giron by Austia>l|*n colonists to praoirloui watotoouteoB and tributary simms. > newly-oonnocled :. rind f newly-modified ideat When be recovered, he 'exclaimed : ' Nothir exists but tbôughts ; thé universe ia compose of impressions, ideas', pleasures and pains I: ' " Now observó, that thus, a cultivator i positive science', endowed with "ono"of til healthiest of human brains, is, by tbo inhali tion of a gas, abstracted from all external lif enters into a new world, which consists < images ho himself creates, and animates s vividly that, on waking, he resolves the univers itself into thoughts." " Well," said I, " bat what inferenco do yo draw from that voluntary experiment, opplicaV to the malady of which you bid me hope tb caro ? ' " Simply this : that the effect produced on healthful brain by the nitrouî oxido may I producsd alco by moral causes operating on tl blood, or on the nerves. There is a degree < mental excitement in which i j eas are moro vivi than sensations, and then the world bf extern: things gives way to tho world within, the brain. But thia, though a suspension of that reason which comprehends accuracy of judgment is no more a permanent aberration of reason than wero Sir Humphrey Davy's visionary ecstasies under the influence of the gas. Tho different between the two states of suspension is that i time, and it is but an affair of time with ot beloved patient. Yet prepare yourself. I fct that the mind will not recover without son critical malady of the body." " Critical 1 but no", dangéróús ?-say n< dangerous. I can endure tho pause of her reason ; I could not enduro the void in ttl universe if her life were to fade from th earth.»' " Poor friend ! would not you yourself ratht lose lifo thau reagan ?" "I-yes! But we men are taught to s< cheap vnluo on our own lives ; we do not estimât at the same mean rate tho lives of those vc lore. Did we do so, humanity would lose il virtues." "What, then! Love-teaches that there i something of nobler value than mero mind ? y( surely it cannot be tho mero body ? What is i if not that continuance of being' which you philosophy declines to acknowledge-viz Soul ? If you fear so painfully that your Lilia should die, is it not that you fear to. lose her fe over ?" " Oh, cease, ceoBe," I cried, impatiently. " cannot now argue on metaphysics. What is : that you anticipate of harm to her lifo ? He health has been stronger ever since her nfl! ic tion. Sho never seoms to know ailment nov Do yon not percoivo that her cheek has a mor hardy bloom, her frame a more rounded syn metry, than when you saw her in England ?" *' Unquestionably. Her physioal forces hav boen silently recruiting themselves in the dream which half lull, half amuse her imagination. Imt gination, that faculty, the most glorious whic is bestowed on the human miud, because it is tri faculty which enables thought to create, is of a others the most exhausting to life when unduly stimulated, and consciously reasoning on its own creations. I think it probable that, ha this sorrow not befallen yon, you would hav known a sorrow yet graver-you would hav long survived your Lilian. As it is now, whe: she reaovers, her whole organisation, physioo and mental, will have "undergone a benoficon change. But, I repeat my prediction ;' som severe malady of the body will precede th restoration of the mind ; and it is my hope tbs tho present suspense or aberration of the mor woaring powers of the mind fit the body to ec dure and surmount tho physical crisis. I rc member a case, within my own professional es porienco, in many respects similar to this, bu in other respects it was less hopeful. I wa consulted by a young student ot the frailes physical conformation, of great mental energies and consumed by an intense ambition. Ho wa reading for university honours. He would na listen to me when I entreated him to rest hi mind. I thought that he was cortaii to obtain the distinction for which h toiled, and equally certain to die a fet months aftor obtaining it. Ho falsified botl my deductions. ' He so overworked himsel that, on the day of examination, his nerves wer ngitatod, his memory failed him ; ho passed, no without a certain credit, but fell far short of th' rank amongst his fellow-competitors to whicl he aspired. Hero, then, the irritated mind actei on the disappointed heart, end raised a new tra! of emotions. Ho was first visited by spectra illusions ; then he sank into a state in which th external world seemod quite blotted out. H heeded nothing that was said to him ; scomet to see nothing that was plncod bo foro his eyes in a word, eonsations became dormant, idoa preconceived usurped their placo, and thosi ids):is gavo him pleasure. Me boliewd that hi genius was recognised, and lived amongst iti supposed croatians, enjoying an imaginary fame So it went on for two years. During tba period hi3 frail form bocamo robust am vigorous. At tho end of that timo he wa seized with n fever, which would havo swep him in thrco days to the grave had it occurrer whon I w:is first callod in to attend. [Io con querorl tho fover, and, in recovering, ncqmroc tho full possession of tho intellectual faculties st long susponded. When I last saw bim, man] year* afterwards, ho was in perfect health, ant the object of his yoting ambition was realised tho budy had supported tho mind, ho nae acbiovod distinction. Now, what had so, for a time laid this strong intellect into visionary sleep Í tho most agonising of human emotions in a noble spirit-shamo I What has so Btrickon down your Lilian? You have told rae tho story; shame I-tho shamo of a nature pro-eminent!) pure. But observe, that in his caso as in hers, tho shock inflictod does not producá n succes- sion oi painful illusions ; on tho contrary, in both, tho illusions aro generally ploasing. Had tho illusions boen painful, tho body would havo suffered-the patient died. Why did a painful shock produce ploasing illusions f because, no matter how a shook on tho ñervos mny originate, if it affects tho roason, it does but make moro vivid than impressions from riotual extornal objects, tho ideas previously moat eherishod. Such ideas in the young student were idoas of earthly fame ; such ideas in tho young maiden aro idoas of angel com- forters and heavenly Edens. Youmiss her mind on tho earth, and, while we speak, it is in paradise" " Muoh that you say, my friond, is authorised by tho spéculations of groat writer* with whom I ara not unfamiliar ; but in none of those writors, nor in your encouraging words do I t?,nd a solution for much that lins no precedents in ti?y experience-much, indeod, that has ana- logies' io my roadlng, but analogies which I havo ovo'." boforo dosplscd as old wi vos' fables. I havo bared to your searching oyo tho vvoird mystorios of lifo« How do you account for j * Seo, on tho theory oïaboratod from (bia principle, Or. lilbbort'd interesting ona ve.luo.blo wotk pu tho ? Philosophy of Apparitions,' MMmmÊsmmiÈÊKÊÊÊiÊÊÊBSÊBaËÈÊ facta which you cannot resolve into illusion! for (ho influence wbioh that strange bein Margrave, exerciejd over Lilian's mind i fancy, so that for a time her lo for me was as dormant as is her reason-now:-:-so- that-he oou draw her-her' whose nnture you adm to. be singularly pure and modest-from h mother's home ? The magic wand ! tho trance into which that wand threw Hargrave himsel the apparition which it conjured up in my ow quiet chamber, when my mind was without care and my I:ea 1th without a flaw. How a count for nil this-as you endeavoured, and pc haps successfully, to account for all my impro sioos of the Vision in tbe Museum, of the lum nous haunting shadow in its earlier apparition when my fancy was heated, my heart tormente and, it might be even the physical forces of th strong frame disordered ?" " Allen," said the old pathologist, «. hero v approach a ground which few physicians ha1 dared to examine. Honour to thoäe who, lil our bold contemporary, Elliotson, have brave scoff and sacrificed dross in seeking to extra what is practical in nses, what can bo tested 1 experiment, from those oxcoptional phenomei on which magic sought to found a philosoph and to which philosophy tracks the origin magic." " What ! Do 1 understand you ? Is it yo Julius Faber, who attach faith to tho wondo ascribed to animal magnetism, and eleotr biology, ' or subscribe to tho doctrines whit their practitioners teach?" "I have not examined] into those doctrine norsoen with my own eyes tho wonders recordt upon evidence too respectable, nevertheless, permit me peremptorily to dany what I have m witnessed.* But wherever Hook through the Hi tory of Mankind in all ages and all races, I fit a concurrence in certain beliefs which s?,ems 1 countenance thc theory that there is in son peculiar and rare temperaments a pDwer ov forms of animated organisation, with which thi establish some unaccauntable affinity ; nnd ave though much more rarely, a power over innn mate matter. You are fomilar with tho theo: of Descartes ' that thoEe particles of tho bloc which-penetrate to the brain do not only servo i nourish and sustain its substance, but to pr duos there a certain very subtle Auro, or rAth a flame vory vivid and pure that obtains tl namo of the Animal Spirits ;.+ and at tho clo: of his groat fragment upm Man, he asserts th, " this flame is of no other nature than all tl fires which are in inanimate bodies."} Th notion does but forestal tho more recent do trino that electricity is more or les3 in all, < nearly all, known matter. Now, whether, i the electric fluid or some other fluid akin! it of which wo know still less, thus equally pe vading all matter, there may bo a certain mai netio property moro active, more opsr tivo- upon sympathy in some human coi stitutions than in others, and whic can account for tho mysterious power I ha' spoken of, is a query I might suggest, but m an opinion I would hazard. For an opinion must have that basis of experience or a nth or ii which I do not need when I submit a query I the experience and authority of others. Still tl: supposition conveyed in the query is so ft worthy of notioo that the ecstatic temperated (id which phrase I comprehend all constitution) mystics) is peculiarly sensitivo to electric attnoi pheric influences. This is a fact which moi medical observers will have remarked in th rango of their practice. Accordingly I wc prepared to find Mr. Hare Townshend, i his interesting work,§ state'that he himself wa of « the electric temperament,1 sparks flyin from his hair when combod in the dark, &< That accomplished writer, whoso veracity n one would impugn, affirms that 1 betwoe this electrical endowment and whatever mci morie properties he might possess, there, a remarkable relationship and parallolisn Whatever state of the atmosphen tends to accumulate and insulate eloi tricity in tho body, promotes equally (soj Mr. Townshend) the power and facility wit which I influence others mcsmerically.' Whi Mr. Townshend thus observes in himsolf, Amer caa physicians and professors of chemistry dc pose to havo observed in thoso modern mag cians, the mediums of (SD called) 'spirit manifes ation.' They state that nil such mediums aro < the electric temperament, thus everywhere foun allied with tho ecstatic, and their power varie in proportion as the state of the attnosphei serves to depress or augment tho cleotricit stored in themselves. Here, then, tn tho mid! of vagrant phenomena, either too hastily dis missed as altogothor tho tricks of fraudful in posture, or too credulously accepted as supei natural portents- here, at least, in one gene ralised fact, we may, perhaps, find a starting * What Faber titiro t oys ix uxpro.-iMJ wini IUUI authority by ono ofthe mint nccomplijliod motapbysi dsn rn of our time (Sir W. Hamilton) : " Somnambulism is a phenomenon still more oBtr Dishing (than (¡roaming). In this singular otate a poi son performs a regalar «orlos of rational aolions, an tlioso frequently of tbs moat dillloult and dell cato nature; and what is still moro marvellous, with talent to which he could mahn no protension who anulka. (Or Anoillon, EHRHIH Philos, ii. 101.) Hi mnmory and .reminitjoenco supply him nilli reoolleotion of words nnd thing« willoh, perhaps, nover wer at his disparut in tho ordinary stato-he speak moro fluoiitly n moro refined language. Ánd i wo are to orrdit what tba oridenco on wbioh j rosts hardly allowa us to disbelieve, ho bas not ont; perception of things throu3h other ahonnela thai '. tho common orgauB of Boose, but tho sphero of hi oognitiou ii umplitlcrl to an extent far beyond the limit to wlijh sensible perception is eonfinod. This subj;o ÍH aa» of tba most perplexing in the whola compass o philosophy ; for, on the ono band, the phenomena ore si remarkable that they oannotbe believed, end yet, on thc otbor, they uro of so ambiguous nnd palpable a character and tho witnesses to their ro.ilily aro BO numerous, si intelligent, uni np high ahora every BUjpioi.n of deoelt that it is equally impossible to deny oredit to what ii nttestpd by suob ampio nnd nnexoeptiontl evidence." Sir W. Hamilton's ligatures on Metaphysics and Logia vol ii. p. 874. Thin perplexity, in whioh the distinguished philo sopher loaves the judgment no orjmlly balancee that it finds it impossible to believe, and yet impos sible to disbelieve, forms the right slats cf mina ir wbioh a eanrîld thinker should oome to tho exam! nation of tb o JO moro extraordinary plienomoni whioh bo has not himself yet witnensod, but tm fair inquiry into wbioh may bo tendered : to birr by persons oboro tho imputation of quackery and fraud. Muller, who is not tho least determined, as he is certainly one of the most distinguished disbe lievers of mesmeric phenomena, does not appear to have witnessed, or ut least to have carefully examined, them or he would, perhaps, hare oocn tbat oven, tba more extraordinary of thoso phonomona confirm, rather thjt aontradiot, his own gonorai theories, and may bo ex. plained by the sympathies one sense has with another " tho Laws of reflexion through tbe medium of the brain.' (Physiology of Soases, p. 1311.) And again by tho maxim" that tho mental principle, or cause of tho monta! phenomena, oaDDot, bo ooo flood to the brain, but thal it cxlslB in a Mont state in' orory part of tbe organlsD." (lb. p. 1300.) Tho " nervo power," con. fonded for by Mr. Bain, also, may suggest n rational so. lutiou of muon that bas seemed incredible lo thoso pby. Biologists "ho have not oondesoondod to eift tho gonuluo phenomena of m somer ism from tad imposture to whioh, ia nil ages, tho phenomena exhibited by what may be called tbe costilla temperament, bave been applied. \+ Desearte») L'Uomoio, vol. iv., p. IMoï poualiu'a Edition.. i J Ibid. p. 438, f ffxots on Mesmerism, ' point, from wbioh inductive experiment ma arrive soon, or late, at a rational theory. Bu however tho power of which wo are sponkin (a power ace orded to special physical tem perament) may or may not be accounted for by some patient student of nature, I am persuaded that it is in that power we are to seek for what ever is not wholly imposture in the attribute assigned to magic or witchcraft. It is we! said by a writer who has gone into the dep of these subjects, with the research of scholar and tne science of a pathologis . that if m »gio had exclusively reposed o credulity and falsehood, its reign would neve have endured so long. But that its art too its origin in singular phenomena, proper to oe: tain affections of tho: nerves, or manifested i the conditions of sleep. These phenomena, tl) principle of which was al first unknown, serve to root faith in magic, and often abused evo enlightened minds. The enchanters and mag cians arrived, by divers practices, at tho facult of provoking in other brains a determined ord« of dreams, of engendering hallucinations of a kinds, of inducing fits of hypnotism, trance, mania, during which tho person so affected imagined that he saw, hoard, touched supe: natural beings, conversed with them, prove their influences, assisted at prodigies of whic magic proclaimed itself to possess the secre The public, the enchanters, and tho enohanto: were equally dupes.'* Accepting this expían 1 tion, unintelligible to no physician of a practic I so lengthened ns mine has boen, I draw from the corollary that as these phenomena are e: i hibited only by certain special affections,! j which only certain special constitntions »re su; ceptible, so not in-, any superior faculties of intellect, or of spiritual endowmont, but in pe culiar physical temperaments, often strangely disordered, tho power of tho sorcerer in affect- ing the imagination of others, is to be sought In tho native tribes of Australasia tho elders are instructed in the arts of this so-called sorcery, but only in a very few constitutions does instruction avail to produce effects in which the savages recognise the powers of a sorcerer; it is so with the Obi of the negroes. Tho fascination of Obi is an unquestionable fae but tho Obi man cannot be trained by formal lessons ; he is born a fascinator, as a poet born a poet. It is so with the Laplanders, whom Tornaeus reports that of those instructed in tho magical art ' only a few are capable of it.' ' Some,' he says, ' are naturally magicians.' And this fact is emphatically insisted upon by the mystics of our own middle ages, who state that a man must be born a magician ; in other words, that the gift is constitutional, though devoloped by practice and art. Now, that this gift and its practice should principally obtain in imperfect states of civilisation, and fade into insignificance in tho busy social enlightenment, of cities, may be accounted for by reference to the known in fluences of imagination. In tho cruder state of social life not only is imagination more frequently predominant over all other faculties but it has not the healthful vents which the in tellectual competition of cities and civilisation affords. Tho man who in a savage tribe, or in the dark feudal ages, would be a magician, is in our century a poet, an orator, a daring specula tor, on inventive philosopher. In other words his imagination is drawn to pursuits congenial to those amongst whom it works. It is the tendency of all intellect to follow the direc tions of the public opinion amidst which it is trained. Where a magician is held in reverence or awe, there will be more practitioners of magic than where a magician is despised as an imposter or shut up as a lunatic. In Scandinavia, before tho introduction of Christianity, all tradition records the wonderful powers of the Vala, or witch, who was then held in reverence and honour. Christianity was introduced, and the early Church denounced tho Vala as tho instru ment of Satan, and from that moment down dropped the majestic prophetess into a miserable and execrated old hag !" "The ideas you broach," said I, musingly "have at moments crossed me, though I have shrunk from reducing them to a theory which is but one of pure hypothesis. But this magic after all, then, you would place in the imagina tion of the operator, acting on the imagination of those whom it affects. Here, at least, I can follow you, to a certain extent, for here we get back into the legitimate realm of physio logy." " And possibly," said Faber, " we may fin hints to guide us to useful examination, if nc to completo solution, of problems that, onco de monstrated, may lead to discoveries of infinit value-hints, I say, in two writers of widel opposite gonius-Van Holmont and Bacon Van Helmont, of nil tho mediæval mystics, is in spite of his many evtravagant whims, the ono whose intellect is the most suggestive to tho disciplined reasoners of our day. Ho sup posed that tho faculty which ho calls Phantasy and which wo familiarly call Imagination, is invested with the power of creating for itself ideas independent of tho senses, each idea clothed in a form fabricated by the imagination, and be coming an operativo entity. This notion is si far favourod by modern physiologists, that Lincke reports a OJSO whero tho oyo itself wat extirpated; yet the extirpation was followed by tho nppearanco of luminous figures bo foro th< orbit. And again, a woman, stone blind, oom plained 'of luminous images, with pale colours before our oyes,' Abercrombie mentions tin case ' of a lady quite blind, her oyes being als< disorganised and sunk, who never walkod ou without seeing a littleold woman in a red clonl who seemed to walk before her | Your favouriti authority, the illustrious Muller, who was him self in the habit of ' seeing di ff o rf nt imagos ir tho fiald of vision whoa ho lay quietly down tc sleep,' assorts that theso images aro not merely presented to tho fancy, but that evon ' thc images of dreams aro really seen,' anti that ' any ono may satisfy himself o this by accustoming himself regularly to opec his'eyos whon waking after a dream, the imagée soen in the dream aro then somotitnos VÍBÍOIO, and can bo observed to dlsappoar gradually. Ho confirms this statement, not only by thc result of his own oxporionce, -but by the obser- vations made by Spinoza, and tho yet higher authority of Aristotle, who accounts for spoctial appearance na the internal action of the sense oj vision.l And this opinion is favoured by Sit David Brewster, whoso experience leads him to suggost 'that the objects of men'.al contempla- tion may bo aeon as distinctly as external objoots, and will occupy tho samo Ional position * MURIB ot 1' Astrologie donn l'Antiquité at nu Moyen AROI Par L. P. Alfred Maury, Membro do l'luatitut, P. 990. . ? 4 Sbe had no Illusion when within doors.-Abor. oromlioontho Intolleotual Powers, p. 977./. (loth edi- tion.) \ Muller, Physiology of tho Senses, Biley's trans, talion, pp. 1008-13PÖ, and elsewhere. Mr. Bain, in his thouglful and suggestive work an tho Senses and Intel, leot, nabos very powerful uso of theso statements in support of bis proposition, wbioh JTobor advanoea ia otbsr words, viv,-< tho return of tbo nervous currents emolí/ pn jneir old traci ia rorived santaUoiia,' in tho nxis of vision as if they bad been form by the agency of light/ " Be this aa it mty, p fact rem-iins, that images! oin'be seeneven the blind us diatino ly'and %as vividly asyy and I now see the stream below oar feet a: the opossums, .at_ play upon yonder bougl Let us come next to some remarkable sugg lions of Lord Bacon. In his Natural His!o treating of the force of the imagination, a the help it receives ' by one man working another,' ho cites an instance he had witness of a kind of juggler, who could tell a person what card he thought of. He mentioned tl ' to a pretended learned man, curious in su things,' and this sage said to him, * It is not t knowledge of the man's thought, for that proper to God, but the enforcing of a thoug upon him, and binding his imagination by stronger, so that he could think of no otb card.' You see this sage anticipated our mode electro.biologists I And the learned man th shrewdly asked Lord Bacon, "Did tho juggler tell tho card to the man himself who had thought of it, or bid another tell it?' 'I bade another tell it,' answered Lord Bacon 'I thought so,' returned his learn acquaintance, 'for the juggler hims could not bato put on so strong imagination; but by telling the card to t other, who believed the juggler was soi strange man .who could do strange things, that other man oaught a strong imagination, Tho whole story is worth reading, because Lo Bacon evidently thinks it convoys a gue worth examining. And Lord Bacon, were now living, would be tho man to solve t mysteries that branch out of mesmerism, (so called) spiritual ' manifestation, for would not pretend to despise their phenome for fear of hurting hts reputation for good sen Bacon then goes on to state that thoro are thr ways to fortify the imagination. * First, o thority derived from belief in nn art and in t man who . excroisos it; secondly, means quicken and corroborate tho imaginatioi thirdly, means to repeat and refresh ' it.' F tho second and the third he refers to the prt tices of magic; and proceeds afterwards to sta on what things imagination ha3 most, fore ' upon things that have tho lightost at casioBt ' motions, and, therefore, abu all, upon the spirits of mon, and, them, on such affections as move lightc -in love, in fear, in irresolution. And, ad Bacon, earnestly, in a very different spirit fro i that which dictates to the sages of our tin the philosophy of rejecting without trial th which belongs to the Marvellous, ' and whats ever is of this kind, should be thoroughly inqitir into.' And this great founder or renovator the sober inductive system of investigation, ev< i so far leaves it a matter of speculative inqui whether imagination may not be so powerful th ? it can actually operate upon a plant, that he sn; ; 'This likewise should be made upon plant?, at ) that diligently, as if you should toll a man th , such a tree would die this year, and will him, ' these and these times, to go unto it and see he it thriveth.' I presumo that no philosopher h followed such recommendations ; had son great philosopher done so, possibly we shou by this time know all the secrets of what popularly called witchcraft." I And as Faber here paused thero came ) strange laugh from tho fantastic she- oak tr ' overhanging the stream-a wild, impish laug *' Pooh I it is but the great kingfisher, tl i laughing bird of tho Australian bush," said Julius Faber, amused at my start of supersti tious alarm. i We walked on for some minutes in mush i silence, and tho rude log hut in which my wi ' companion had his home came in view ; tl 1 flocks grazing on undulous pastures, the kii ) drinking at a watercourse fringed by tho slend gum-trees ; and a few fields, laboriously wc t from the luxuriant grass-land, rippling with tl 5 wave of corn. I halted, and said, " Rest here for a few m monts, till I gather up tho conclusions to whit i your speculative reasoning seems to invite me. ) We sat done on u rocky crag, half mantled 1 i luxuriant creepers with vermilion buds. " From thc guesses," said I, " which ye have drawn from the erudition of others ar your own ingenious and reflective induction I collect this solution of the mysteries, I which the experience I gain from my senses confounds all tho dogmas approved by m judgment to the rational conjectures by which when wo first conversed on the marvels tin perplexed mo, you ascribed to my imagination predisposed by mentai excitement, pbysici fatigue, or derangement, and a concurrence i siagulitr events tending to strengthen such pr< disposition-the phantasmal impressions pro duced on my senses; to those conjectured you now add a now one, more startling and hs admitted by sober physiologists. You conceive it possible that persons endowed with a rare an peculiar temperament can so operute on the imagination, and, through tho imagination, on the souses of other?, as to exceed oven the powers ascribed to tho practitioners of mesmer iäni and electro-biology, an! give a certain foundation of truth to tho old tales of magic and witchcraft. You imply that Margrave may be a person thus gifted, and hence thc influence h unquestionably exerotscd over Lilian, and ovo perhaps, less innbocnt agents, charmed o impelled by his will. And not discarding, as! own I should have been originally induced to do. tho quories or suggestions adventured by Bacon in his discursive speculations on Nature, to wi that thoro be many things, some of them in animate, that opora'o upon tho spirits of men by secret sympathy and antipathy,' and to which Bacon gave tho quaint name of ' imaginants ; so even that wand, of which I have desoribod t< you the magic-like effect', may have had pro parties communicated to it by which it performs the work of the magician, as mesmerists pretend that some substance mesmerised by them can not on tho patient as. sensibly as if it were the mesmeriser himself. Do I state your supposi tions correctly ?" "Yes; always remembering that they are only suppositions, and volunteered with tho utmost diffidence. But since, thus seated in tho earl)y wilderness, wo permit ourselves the indulgence of child like guess, may it not be possible, apart from the doubtful question whether a man can communicate to an inanimate material substancc a power to act upon the mind or imagination of anothor man-may it not, I say, be possible that such a substance may contain in itself such a virtue or property potent over certain consti * Perhaps it is for tba reason suggested in the toxt, vi«,-that tho magician requires tbe interposi tion of-a third imagination between bis own and that of the consulting belfever, that any learned adept in (so oalled) meglo will invariably refuse to exhibit without the présenos of a tbird person. Henoo tbe author al . Dogme et Rituel do la Hauto Maglo. printed ot Paris, i 1839.03-a book leas remarkable for Us learning than for tho earnost. belief of a soholar of our own diy in tbs roitllty of tbe «rt of wbioh ho reoords tho blatory-In- sists muon on tba neaeisily of rigidly obaeriing La 1 Ternaire, in tbs number of pe Wo» who anist la an on* ohontef a experiments. . . ?v.,* » tutionr, though not over all. For instance, it isin my experience that the common hazel-wood iwill strongly afleat some nervous temperament«, though wholly without effect on others. I re- member a young girl who, having taken up a basel slick freshly cut, could not relax her hold of it; and when it was wrenched away from herby foroo was irresistibly ottraoted towards it, repos- sessed herself of it, and, after holding it a few minutes, was cast into a kind of trance in which she .beheld phantasmal visions. Mentioning this curious .case, ;which I suppose,unique, toa learned brother of our profession, he told methat he had known other instances of the effect of the hazel upon- nervous temperaments An persons of both sexes. Possibly it was some such peculiar proporly in tho hazel that made it the wood selected, for tho old divining rod. Again, we know that the bay-tree or laurel was dedicated to tho oracular Pythian. Apollo. Now wherever, in the old world, we find that tho learning of tho priests enabled them to exhibit exceptional phenomona which imposed upon popular credu- lity, there was a something or other which it is worth a philosopher's while to explore. And ac- cordingly, I always suspected that there was in the laurel some property favourable to ecstatic vision in highly impressionable temperaments. My snspicion, a few yeors ago, was justified by the experience of a German physician who had under his care a cataleptic or ecstatic patient, and who assured me that he found nothing in this patient so stimulated tho state of 'sleep waking,' or so disposed that state to indulge in the hallucinations of provision, as the berry of the laurel.* Well, wo do not know what this wand that produced a seemingly magicai effect upon you was really composed of. You did not notice tho metal employed in the wire which you say communicated a thrill to tho sensitive nerves in the palm of the hand. You cannot tell how far it might have been the vehicle of some fluid force in nature. Or still moro probably, whether the pores of your hand insensibly imbibed,. and communicated to the brain, soma of those powerful narcotics from which tho Boudhists and the Arabs make un- guents that induce visionary hallucinations, and in which substances undetected in the hollow of tho wand, or tho handle of the wand itself, might be steeped† One thing we do know, viz. that amongst tho ancients, and especially in tho East, the construction of wands for magical purposes was no common-place mecha- nical craft, bus a special and secret art 'appro- priated to men who cultivated with assiduity all that was then known of natural science, in order to extract from it agencies that might appear supernatural. Possibly, then, the. rods or wands of the East, and of which Scripture makes mention, were framed upon some prin- ciples of which we in our day are very naturally ignorant, since we do not ransack science for the same secrets. And thus in tho selection or preparation of the material employed, mainly - consisted, whatever may bo referable to natural philosophical oausos, in the antique science of Rhabdomancy, or divination and enchantment by wands. The staff of wand of which you tell me, was, you say, made of iron or steal and tipped with crystal. Possibly iron and crystal do really contain somo properties not hitherto scientifically analysed, and only, indeed, poten- tial over exceptional temperaments, which may account for the fact that iron and crystal have been favourites with all professed mystics, an- cient nnd modern, Tho Delphic Pythoness bad her iron tripod, Mesmer his iron bed ; and many persons, indisputably honest, cannot gaze long upon a ball of crystal but what they begin to see visions. I suspect that a philosophical causo.for such, seemingly preternatural effects of crystal and iron will bo found in connexion with tho extreme impressionability to changes in tem- perature whi:h is the characteristic both of crystal and iron. But if these materials do con- tain certain powers over exceptional constitu- tions, wo do not arrive at a supernatural, but at a natural phenomenon.'' " Still," said I, " even granting that your explanatory hypothesis hit or approach tho truth-still what a terrible power you would assign to man's will over men's reason and deeds !" " Man's will," answered Faber, " has over men's deeds and reason, habitual and daily, power infinitely greater, and, when uncountcr balanced, infinitely more dangerous than that which superstition exaggerates in magic. Man's will moves a war that decimates a race, and leaves behind it calamities little less dire than slaughter. Man's will frames, but it also corrupts laws; exalts, but also demoralises opinion ; sots the world mad with fanaticism, os often as it curbs the heart's fierce instincts by the wisdom of brotherlike mercy. You rovolt at the exceptional, limited, sway ovor somo two or three individuals which tho arts of a sorcerer (if sorcerer there bc) can effect ; and yet, nt tho very moment in whioh yon wore perplexod and appalled by such sway, or by your reluctant belief in it, yonr will was devising an engine to unsettle the reason and wither the hopes of millions !" " My will ! What engine ?" " A book conceived by your intellect, adornsd by your learning, and directed by ycur will to steal from the minds of other men their persua- sion of the soul's everlasting Heroaftor." I bowod my hoad, and felt myself grow palo. " And if wo ncoopt Bacon's theory of -' secret sympathy,' or tho plainer physiological maxim that there must be in tho imagination, morbidly impressed by the will of another, some trains of iden in affinity with such influence and pre inolincd to receive it, no magioian could warp you to ovil, except through thoughts that themselves went astray. Grant that tho Margrave, who still haunts your mind, did really, by somo occult, sinister, magnetism, guido tho madman to mur* dor-did influença tho servant womau's vulgar desire to pry into' tho secrets of her ill-fated master-or tho old maid's covetous wish and onvious malignity-what could this awful magician do moro than any oommon-place guilty, ndvisrr, to a mind predisposed to aocopt tho advice?" r. . . . ' "Yon forget one example which destroys your argument-tho- spell whioh thiB mysterious fascinator could dst upon a creature so puro from all gaile ns Lilian I" " Will you forgive mo if I answer frankly I "Speak." .?'..-' . "Your Lilian is spotloss and puro as you deem hor, and tho fascination, therefore, at- I tempts no lure through a Binful desiro ; it blonds with its , attraction no sontimont of-affeotion- untrue-to yourself. . Nay, Jt.ifl ju?: lice to your LU-on, nnd may bo a melanoholy comfort to you, to. stoto my conviction, ,bosoo on tho nnswera my questions havo drawn.from her, that you word never inoro cherished by ncr lovö thnn when that lovo scorned to forsake you. . I may add that Dr. Earner Instances Ibo effeot ol lanrel-berrles on tba Soeress of Provorat, oorresponfliDi with that assorted by Julius Faber In Ibo text. ? See Ut ? these' unguents the work . of M, -HM1i b.-loro quoted, liv Magie et l'Astrologie,&J.;, p. , Her imagination iMrápresson her with' tho illu sion that through your love for her you were threatened with a great peril. What seemed tho levity of her desertion was the devotion of self-sacrifice. And, in her strange, dream-led wanderings, do not think that she was conscious of the fascination you impute to this mysterious Margrave ; in her belief it was your own guar dian angel that guided her. steps, and her pil grimage was ordained to disarm the foe that menaced you, and dissolve tho spoil that divided her lifo from yours! But had she not, long be foie this, wilfully prepared herself to be so de ceived ? Had not her fancies been deliberately encouraged to dwell remote from the duties we are placed on the earth to perform ? The loftiest faculties in our nature ore those that demand the finest poise, not to fall from their height and crush all tho walls that they crown. . With exquisite beauty of illustration Hume says of the dreamers of ' bright fancies,' ' that they may be compared to those angels whom tho Scriptures represent as covering their eyes with their wings.' Had you been, like my nephew, a wrestler for bread with the wilderness, what helpmate would your Lilian have been to you? How often would you have cried out in justifiable anger, ' I, son of Adam, am on enrth, not in paradise. Oh that my Eve were at home on my hearth, and not in the skies with the seraphs !' No Margrave, I venture to say, could have sus pended the healthful affections, or charmed into danger tho wide- awake soul of my Amy. When she rocks in its cradle tho babe the young parents entrusts to her heed—when she cal the kine to the milking, the chicks to the corn—when she but flits through my room to renew the flowers on tho stand, or range in neat order the books that I read—no spell on her fancy could load her a step from the range of her provident cares ? At day she is contented to be on the common-place earth ; at evening she and I knock together at tho one door of heaven, which opes to thanksgiving and prayer and thanksgiving and prayer send us back, calm ; and hopeful, to the tasks that each morrow re news." I looked up as the old man paused, and in th limpid clearnoss of the Australian atmosphere, saw the child he thus praised, standing by th garden gate, looking towards us, and, thoug still distant, she seemed near. I felt wro! with her. My heart so cherished my harmless defenceless Lilian, that I was jealous of. th praise taken from her to be bestowed oi another. " Each of us," said I, cildly, " has his or he own nature, and tho uses harmonious to tba nature's idiosyncrasy. The world, I grant, wouli get on very ill if women were not, moro o less, actively useful and quietly good, Uk' your Amy. But tho world would lose standards that exalt and refine, if no woman were per mitted to gain, through tho indulgence of fancy, thoughts exquisite as those which my Lilian conceived, while thought, alas, flowed out of fancy. I do not wound you by citing you ' Amy as a type nf the mediocre. I do not chun for Lilian tho rank wo accord to the type o genius. But both are alike to such types ii this ; viz. that tho nses of mediocrity aro fo: everyday lifo, and tho U3es of genius amidst a thousand mistukes which mo diocrity never commitB, are to sugges i and perpetuate ideas which raise Un . standard of the mediocre to a nobler level. Then ! would be fewer Amys in life if there were ni ! Lilian, as there would be far fewer good men o 1 sense if there were no erring dreamer o genios I'' " You say well, Allen Fenwick. And who should be so indulgent to the vagaries of the imagination as the philosophers who taught your youth to doubt everything in the Maker's plan of creation which could not be mathemati- cally proved. ' The human mind,'says Luther, is like a drunkard on horseback ; prop it on one side, and it falls on the other.' So the man who is much too enlightened to believe in a pea- sant's religion, is always sure to set up some in- ane superstition of his own. Open biographical volumes wherever you please, and the man who has no faith in religion is a man who has faith in a nightmare. See that type of the elegant sceptics—Lord Herbert, of Cherbury. He is writing a book against Revelation ; he asks a sign from heaven to tell him if his book is approved by his Maker, and the man who cannot believe in the miracles performed by his Saviour, gravely tells us of a miracle vouchsafed to himself. Take the hardest and strongest intellect which the hardest and strongest race of mankind ever schooled and accomplished. See tho greatest of great men, the great Julius Caesar ! Publicly he asserts in the Senate that the immortality of tho soul is a vain chimera. He professes tho creed which Roman voluptuaries deduced from Epicurus, and denies all divine interference in the affairs of tho earth. A great authority for the mate- rialists--they have none greater ! They can show on their side no intellect equal to Caesar's! and yet this magnificent freo thinker, ro jecting a soul and a Deity, habitually, on entering his chariot, mnf.orod a charm ; crawled on his knees up the steps of a temple to propitiate tho abstraction called 'Nemesis;' and did not cross the Rubicon till he had consulted tho omens. What does all this prove?—a very simple truth. Man has some instincts with tho brutes ; for instance, hunger and sexual love. Man has one instinct peculiar to himself, found universally (or with alleged exceptions in savage states so rare, that they do not affect the general laws) -an instinct of an invisible power without this earth, and of a life , beyond the grave, which that power vouchsafes to his spirit. But the best of us cannot violate an instinct with impunity. Resist hunger as long as you can, and, rather than die of starvation, your instinct will make you a cannibal; resist love when youth and nature impel to it, and what pathologist does not track one broad path into madness or crime ? So with the noblest instinct of all. Reject tho internal conviction by which the grandest thlnîkers have sanctioned the hope of the humblest Christian, and you are servile at once to some faith inconceivably more hard to be lieve. The imagination will not be withhold from its yearning for vistas beyond tho .walls * It seems extremely doubtful whether tho very few instances in which it has been asserted that a savage race has been found without recognition of a Deity and a furure state, would bear searching examination', It is set forth, ' for example, in most of the popular works 'on Australia, that tho Australian savages have no notion or a Deity or a Hereafter, that they only worship a devil; or evil spirit. This assumption, though made more peremptorily, and by a greater number of writers than any similar one regarding' other savages, is altogether erroneous, and has no other foundation than tho ignorance of the writers The Australian savages recognise a Deity, but He is too august for a name in their own language ; in English they call Him Tho Great Master—in exprès sion synonymous with " The Great Lord." They believe in a hereafter of eternal joy and place it amongst the stars—see Strzslecki's Physical Description of New South Wales of the flesh and the span of tho present hour Philosophy itself, in rejecting the healthful creeds by which man finds his safeguards in sober prayer, and his guide through tho wilder ness of visionary doubt, invents systems com pared to which the mysteries of theology are simple. Suppose any man of strong, plain understanding had never heard of a Deity like Him whom we Christians adore, then ask this man which he can the better comprehend in his mind, and acoeptas a natural faith, viz., the sim ple Christianity of your shepherd or the Pan theism of Spinoza? Place before an accom plished critic (who comes with a perfectly unprejudiced mind to either inquiry), first, the arguments of David Hume against tho Gospel miracles, and then the metaphysical crotchets of David Hume himself. This subtle philosopher, not content, with Berkeley, to get rid of matter—not content with Condillac, to get rid of spirit or mind— proceeds to a miracle greater than any his Maker has yet vouchsafed to reveal. He, being then alive, and in tho act of waiting, gets rid of himself altogether. Nay, he confesses he can- not reason with any one who is stupid enough to think he has a self. His words are: 'What we call a mind is nothing but a heap or collection of different perceptions or objects united toge- ther by certain relations, and supposed, though falsely, to be endowed with perfect simplicity and identity. If any one, upon serious and candid reflection thinks he has a different notion of himself, I must confess I can reason with him no longer.' Certainly I would rather believe all the ghost stories upon record, than believe that I am not even a ghost, distinct and apart from the perceptions conveyed to me, no matter how—just as I am distinct and apart from the furniture in my room, no matter whe- ther I found it there or whether I bought it. If some old cosmogonist asked you to believe that tho primitive cause of tho solar system was not to be traced to a Divine Intelligence, but to a nebulosity, originally so diffuse that its existence can with difficulty be conceived, and that tho origin of tho present system of organized beings equally dispensed with tho agency of a Creative Mind, and could be referred to molecules formed in the water by tho power of attraction, till, by modifications of cellular tissue in the gradual lapse of ages, one monad became an oyster and another a man—would you not say this cosmogony could scarcely have misled the human understanding even in tho earliest days of speculative inquiry ? Yet such are tho hypotheses to which the desire to philosophise away that simple proposition of a Divine First Cause, which every child can comprehend, led two of the greatest geniuses and profoundest reasoners of modern times, La Place and La Marck. Certainly tho more you examine those arch phantasmagorists, the philosophers, who would leave nothing in the universe but their own delusions, tho more your intellectual pride may be humbled. Tho wildest phenomena which have startled you, are not more extrava- gant than the grave explanations which intellec tual presumption adventures on tho elements of our own organism and the relations between tho world of matter and tho world of ideas." Here our conversation stopped, for Amy had how joined us, and, looking up to reply, I saw the child's innocent face between me and tho furrowed brow of tho old man. 