SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY SOLOMON SNAIL. SOMETHING ABOUT LlFE ASSURANCE. (Concluded.) "NOW thin, draw yer chair nearer to the fire, Mickey," said Paddy, as he threw another log on to the cheerful blaze. "Here's a dudee for yez, and here's as lovely a bit o' tobaccy as ever yer tashted; and it's meself as grow'd it, down on the flat yonder. Faix, we'll have a good smoke together, and Nelly will spin us a yarn as long as next week, afther she has done washing up the cups and sarsers. But I'm dying to know what ye've bin doing wid yerself all these long years, and what makes yer look so thin and miserable, Mickey, my boy; so be afther telling us, afore Nelly begins to talk, for she's like me ould grandmother's ninety-day clock; when she begins to go, she won't stop for three months—take that for yer now, Nelly! Ha, ha." "Och, Paddy, me jewel! pray don't axe me what makes me look ill and miserable," said Mick, as the tears trickled down his rough face. "I couldn't tell yer the half of my misery in a month, not I. Och, Paddy, Paddy! whin I look round me at yer com- fortable cabin, full of everything in the world that a man wants, and see yer wife and childers so clane, and healthy, and happy, it makes me think of the comforts I had in my own cabin awhile agone; and whin I think of the filth, and starvation, and wretchedness there is in it jist now, I hate myself, so I do, bekase I know I have bin the cause of it all. I have spoiled a darlint good wife, ill-used six of the best childers in the world, made a comfortable home a ruin, and well nigh broke me own heart into the bargain, so I have. Och hone! och hone! I'm a baste, a haythin, a lazy vagibin, and grog has done it all, Paddy; yes, grog has done it all; but good luck to yez, don't ax me any more jist now," added poor Mick, as he covered his face with his hands, and leaning his head on his knees, he wept immode- rately. "Och, musha musha!" muttered Nelly, in a com- miserating tone, as she took her seat by the fireside. "Poor Mickey! and it's grog as made yer miserable, is it? Ugh! the bastely stuff; I wish I had the dealing with it all, and ye'd soon see where I'd send it fast enough. Shure the devil made the first dhrop of it, that's my belief; and he's bin wagging his grate ugly tail ever since, plazed with his invintion, for it's taken more poor sowls down to his dark den than all the other wickedness in the world put togither." "Troth, thin, and it's Nelly Ryan as ud like to be telling the world a bit of her mind. on that subjict. But, ugh! murther! it wouldn't do a haporth o' good, I'm feer'd; poor waak craters will dhrink them- selves cranky, spite of all an ould woman could say to stop 'em, whin so many of their betters show them the way to do it. But cheer up, Mickey, honey! yer used to be the handiest blacksmith in Ballyslough- guttery, at one time, and yer not an old man yet. Straighten yerself up, Mickey, like a man; all may be right wid yer yet. Away with the grog for ever; pitch it to the pigs—be the same token they wouldn't tasthe a single dhrop of it, not they: I beg their pardon. Whist, then, Mickey; jist light yer pipe agin, and be aisy now, while I'm afther telling yer how it wur that Paddy come to give up dhrinking grog; and yer know he used to dhrink a mighty lot of it awhile agone, sure enough. Faix, many a broken head it has got for him, to say nothing of the mur- therin batings he used to give me, afther he came home from a spree. Troth, thin, yer may look out o' the corner o' yer eye, Paddy, me darlint! Its thrue for yer, every bit of it: but I forgive yer with all me heart, jewel! I know the grog will niver tempt yer to bate yer poor ould Nelly agin, for yer pray to God to kape yer from dhrinking; and so long as ye do that, I naydn't fear, not a bit of it. Now, listen, Mickey, while I tell yer the story, and mayhap it may do yer good, and send yer home to Judy and the childers, with a lighter heart than ye had whin ye left them, the dear craters." "Well, thin," continued Nelly, "it's more nor five years agone, that one day Paddy had gone to Maitland wid a dray- load of praties, and I fear'd he'd come home dhrunk, and cross enough to kick his mo- ther if she came in his way. Och, musha! thinks I, as I sat stitching away at Norah's Sunday frock, that was mighty the worse for wear, Paddy 'ill be afther spinding more money to- day, in making a baste uv himself, than 'ud buy two new Sunday frocks for the darlint cratur, and maybe git his head cracked into the bargain. And, ses I to meself, be jabers, I wish those haythins as made the grog, were forced to dhrink it all themselves. Troth, they'd make a mighty small dhrop uv it thin, I'm thinking; and jist as I wur larfin at the thought of it, I heerd some one call at the door, so I jumps up, and shure enough there was a jintleman on horseback, and a raal jintle- man he wur, too. 'Good day, Missis,' ses he; Arrah, good day, Sir, ses I. 'Can yer be giving me a dhrink o' wather?' ses he. Troth, I will, Sir, ses I; but maybe ye'd like a dhrop o' milk in it; or would yer take a pot o' tay? 'You are very kind, Misses,' says he; 'I should very much like a pot o' tay, this hot day; and if ye'll let me put me horse under the shed for a while, I'll step in and sit down, for I'm fear'd it's going to tunder.' Come in, and welcome, Sir, ses I. So in he came, and set himself down on a stool, and took little Patsy on his knee, whiles I slung the kettle over the fire, and put some tay in the pot. Thin he axed me my name, and I tould him; thin he axed me no end o' questions about our farm, our cattle, and everything we'd got, but all in a mighty civil way. Shure he was a tinder-hearted jintleman, and no mistake," "'How many childers have yer got, Misthress Ryan?' ses he, as he sipped away at the biling-hot tay, afther I had filled his pannikin—we'd no cups and sarsers in them days. Jist three, Sir, ses I,— Norah, and Patty, and Denis the baby. 'Well, I hope ye've bin afther putting money in the Savings' Bank, Misthress Ryan,' ses he, 'to provide for their dacent edecation by and bye; these be very good times for farmers.' Troth, thin, Sir, ses I, we've niver saved nothin, for we had to clare this bit o' ground, and fince it, and build this hut, and pay for a hape o' things beside. And shure we'd nothin whin we come here fusht, barrin a hoe, an axe, a cross-cut saw, two spades, an iron pot, and a gridiron. Of course, we had the clothes on our backs, and our bed, to the fore." "'Is yer husband a healthy man?' ses he. Troth, thin, Sir, ses I, he's healthy enough, thank God; it's sthrong as a donkey he is, and well enough I know it sometimes, worse luck, Sorra a bit o' anything ails him, only whin he takes a dhrop too much, and gits a fightin; or tumbles off his dray, or the likes o' that. 'Oh, dear! that's his failing, is it,' ses the jintleman. 'I was afear'd uv that, whin I fursht rode up to yer farm, and see'd the broken fince, and the pigs in yer garden, rooting up the praties wid their snouts. That's a very sad failing, Misthress Ryan,' ses he; for though Paddy is a strong man now, he is taking the surest course to become a waak one very soon. Now, if it were to plaze God to take Paddy from yer, how would you and these poor childers be sitivated?' ses he. Och hone! sorra a bit uv me knows what we'd do, Sir, ses I, for I've niver thought uv it, not I; but I'm thinkin we should have more salt than enough for our praties." "'Lishten to me, thin, Miathress Ryan,' ses he, 'and I'll tell yer of a chape, an aisy, and an excellent plan, to make a provision for yerself and these daar childers, in case poor Paddy should die and lave yer.'" "Shure. thin, I'll be much obliged to yer, if yer will be telling me that same, Sir, ses I; for sorra a bit o' me likes to be depinding on the charity o' me neighbours, in case I should be lift a widee. Och! it wouldn't be very fat I should git, if I did depind upon the like o' that, I'm thinkin. Besides, Sir, ses I, yer telling me anything, won't make Paddy die a minute sooner, God bless him." "'Yer quite right, Misthress Ryan,' ses the jintle- man; 'and shure yer a sinsible woman. Well, thin, hearken,' ses he. 'Paddy must insure his life! do ye understand what I mane by that?'" "Be the hoky, I don't understand a bit of it, Sir, ses I; it's a mighty queer thing for Paddy to do, I'm thinking. Insure hit life! Troth, I don't know what yer mane, at all at all; but he wor very nigh insuring his death, the last time he come home from Maitland, for he got dhrunk, and fell off his dray, and the wheel nigh wint clane over his head, so it did. Insure his life! be the piper, that's a funny thing to do. I niver hear'd tell o' the like afore. But pray how is he to do that same, Sir, ses I? and perhaps ye'll be afther telling me, if I'm not too stupid to larn." "'I'll make yer understand it in less time than it would take you to make a damper,' ses the jintleman. 'Yer've heer'd tell of Life Assurance Societies, I suppose, haven't yer?'" "Dash'd if I have. Sir, ses I; or if ever I did hear of 'em, I didn't understand anything about them, for I niver had much edication, worse luck." "'Well, thin, I'll tell yer in a few words all that is necessary for yer to know, to begin with. I haven't much time to stay with yer jist now,' ses he, 'but you can larn more about Life Assurance Societies at your leisure, and ye'd be mighty plazed to know of the grate benefits they have bestowed on hundreds, ay, on thousands of families, who, without them, would have bin left in poverty all their days." "'Well, thin,' ses he, 'yer say Paddy is a healthy man, and he's jist forty years old. By paying some where about six pounds ten shillings a year, which is jist half-a-crown a week, you will be paid two hun- dred pounds whenever Paddy dies; or, if you die too, yer childers will get the money. Yer can insure for a greater or lesser sum, at the same rate. Do ye un- derstand that, Misthress Ryan?'" "Faix, that's plain enough, Sir, ses I; but how is it to be done? Paddy's no scholar, and he'd only larf if I tried to tache him." "'It's as aisy as milking a cow,' ses the jintleman. 'Whist, now, Misthress Ryan, and I'll tell you. There are several Insurance Societies in Sydney, and very good ones they are, too; and they have agents in almost every town in the colony. There are several agents in Maitland; Mr. Blair is one of them; yer know him, of course?'" "Ah, to be shure, I know him, Sir, ses I, as well as I know me brother Mike, axing his pardon for making so free—and a mighty civil jintleman he is too—be the same token—don't I buy books for Norah, out of his shop?" "'Will, thin,' ses the jintleman, if Paddy goes to Mr. Blair, or any other agent that he likes better, and tells him he wants to insure his life, he'll tell him what to do in a very short time, and shure it's as plain as a milestone, whin yer understand it. And yer may depind upon it, Misthress Ryan,' ses he, 'that is a safe and sartain bargain, and far betther for yez, than putting all yer savings into the bank, to pervide for yer family; for if poor Paddy should die (which may God forbid) the fust week, or even a day, after you had paid yer fust premium (or half, yearly or quarterly payment), you would be paid the two hundred pounds by the Insurance Society, sure enough. And the longer Paddy lived, the more yer- self or the childers would receive at his death, bekase the bone houses accumulate, do ye see?'" "Ugh, ghosts an goblins? I don't want to see 'em, Sir, ses I; I'll have no truck wid their bone houses, at all at all; they'd frighten the sowl out uv me in- tirely, ses I; and I looked scared an' quare like, I suppose, for the jintleman bursted out a larfin, and I fear'd he niver sthop agin. Presintly he sed, 'O, yer'e a comical crater, Misthress Ryan,' ses he; an' he grinned all the time as if I wos tickling the bot- toms of his feet. 'But yer mishtake me altogether,' ses he; 'I didn't say bone-houses at all; I said bo- nuses, which manes the profit of the business of the office, which ivery person insured is entitled to share. I mane iverybody who is insured in what is called a Mutual Assurance Society, like the one for which Mr. Blair is agint,—do you understand me now,' ses he. "O, yis, I think I do, Sir, ses I; and I only wish me darlint ould mother had a know'd as much, poor sowl, long while agone, and thin, mayhap, she wouldn't have had to go into the Benevolent Asylum afther me poor ould father died. Shure, thin, I'll think a little more about Life Assurance, I will; and I'll spake to Paddy about it one of these days, whin I catch him in a good humour, ses I. "'But there's one thing I must not forget to tell yer, Misthress Ryan,' ses the jintleman, 'and that is, that Paddy must give over gitting dhrunk, or the Assurance offices will not insure his life at any price; you must mind that." "Do yer say so, Sir? ses I; thin, be the powers, I'll make him insure his life immadeately, as shure as my name'e Nelly, if it's only to sthop him from doing that same dhurty thing. Gitting dhrunk is the only fault my poor ould man's got, that I can see. Faix, I'm glad yer towld me about that, Sir, ses I. I'll make him insure pretty quick; and I'll save the half- a-crown a week, to pay the premium, as yer call it, fast enough, out of my egg and butther money; or I can manage to do that same in half-a-dozen other ways, I know. Arrah, long life to you, Sir, ses I, for taking the thruble to tell me about sich a chape plan, for saving meself and the childers from going a cadg- ing all our lives, whin Paddy's dead and gone—sup- posing he should die first. And maybe it will save him from gittin dhrunk and breaking his neck, one o' these days, poor fellow—forbye the binefit of making our home comfortable and happy, in the manetime. Shure it will be a great blissing to us, and not a haporth loss, ses I." "But I see yer pipe's out, Mickey, and I'm fear'd I'll be kaping yer out of bed too long; and it's tired yer are, I know," said Nelly, at the same time giving the back log in the fireplace a thrust with a shovel, which caused a cheerful blaze, and then she con- tinued, "Hould yer eyes open, and I'll soon finish me sthory, boys. "Will, thin, I let Paddy have only a mortal little bit o' rest till he wint to the Assurance agent in Mait- land, and he towld him what to do in a jiffy. First of all he sint Paddy to a docther, to see if he wor sound and healthy. 'All right, Paddy,' ses the doc- ther; 'yer as sound as a four-year- old colt, so yer are. Sorra a bad place have yer got in all yer car- cass, barrin aome ugly great lumps on yer head, as big as new pertaties: and shure where did yer git them, Paddy?' ses the docther. 'I think they're all bumps of combativeness,' ses he. "'Och, botheration! niver mind thim, yer honor,' ses Paddy; 'thim's nothing at all. Larry O'Fegan an' me were jist havin a bit uv sport, in a shanty at Maitland, t'other day, and his shillaley slipped on to me head onst or twice. But he didn't mane to hurt me, not a bit uv it. Och, he's a broth of a boy, is Larry, so he is.' "'Ah, but ye must give over that sort of sport intirely,' ses the docther; 'mind that, Paddy, ses he. "'All right, yer honor,' ses Paddy; 'an' thin back he goes straight to the agint, and insured his life for £200. An troth it's the best bargain he iver made in his life, and no mishtake at all. Many's the time I've jumped for joy about it, sure enough. We've paid £3 5s., or thereabout, every six months since that time, an we niver missed the money. Faix, why should we; so, whin Paddy spint three times as much as that aforetime, in dhrink, which was making a ghost of him, and pritty nigh making a ghost of me too, wi' fritting about it, to say nothing of the poor childers, who used to git more whacks in a week than Jerry O'Grady's jackass. "Oh, musha! continued Nelly, compassionately, "I wish all the poor men, with families, in the co- lony, know'd as much about the binifits of life as- surance as I could tell them, so they'd feel a mighty dale asier in their minds, I'm thinkin, if they know'd their poor wives and childers were dacently pervided for, in case they died themselves, instead of laving the poor craters to the mercy of the world,—a hungry legacy to lave them, shure enough. Now, I mane to say," added Nelly, with warmth, "that it's the bounden duty of ivery man who has a wife and family, to insure his life. And I mane to say, too, that ivery healthy man in the colony is able to insure his life, if he has a mind to. He can sartainly do it for a small sum, if only for £50, for the cost is a mere nothin; and if everybody were to do that same, we shouldn't see folks going about with cadging lists, like they were doing for poor widee Blaney and her seven childers a week agone. Och! I'd jist like to see any body in this hut to-night as ud say boo to that bit of genuine raysoning," continued Nelly, while her eyes sparkled with animation. "Troth, if I didn't con- vince him that I'm right, and he's wrong, afore I wint to me bed, I'm thinking he'd have a head as impty as that iron pot that's bottom up, in the corner yinder; or mayhap, what is a mortal sight worse—a heart as hard as a cobbler's lapstone. Now, all uv yez prisint can tell anybody yer like that ould Nelly Ryan sed that same." "But I've not towld yer all yit, Mickey," said Nelly, with a sigh, "Paddy guv over gittin dhrunk for a time, for he was afear'd of losing his insurance; and, oh, what a change there was in him almost im- mediately. He used to be as merry as a nigger with a new flute, from morning till night. But, whin Tim Murphy got married, Paddy wint to the weddin. Och, musha, musha! I shall niver forgit that time as long as there's any sinse in me at all But ah, I'll not tell yer what he did at the weddin, nor yit what he did whin he come home. He's a right good boy now, so I'll not expose him, poor fellow. But, as luck would have it, that same kind jintleman called here the very next day, as he was going to Maitland. Troth, tho', I'm thinking, it's wicked of me to call it luck, for God sint him to us straight, that's my belief, and it always will be so. Well, to make my long sthory very short now, the jintleman persuaded Paddy and me to sign the Temperance pledge, and not a haporth of liquor have us tasted since that blessed day. And before he wint away, he prayed with us, so he did; and the nixt time he called—for he's called many times since—he left us that Bible, and Paddy and me have read it nearly from end to end, over and over agin. And shure we wouldn't part with it for the biggest farm on the Hunter River, and a dray load of dollars beside, for it taught us the way to Heaven, and we're taching the childers the way too; and we're all as joyful as the jintlemen what kapes the banks, and have got grate hapes o' money to look at all the day long. Ay, shure, and we're forty times happier than they are, so we are, if they've not got the love of God in their hearts like we've got. We tind the house of God, on the plains yonder, and our childers go to the Sunday school. Ye can see that we have plinty to ate and dhrink, and some to spare for a frind, ay, or an inemy either, if we've got one. And if it should plase God to take Paddy from me," continued Nelly, with faltering voice, and at the same time dropping a tear into her apron, "shure I should have that little bit of money from the Insurance Office, to help me to carry on the farm and edicate the childers. And now, Mickey, asthore! what's to per- vint yer doing jist as we've done? tell me that now, jewell!" "Nothin shall pervint me doing that same, plaze God," said Mickey, starting from his seat, and pacing the hut, while the tears streamed from his eyes. "Whilst l've bin listining to yez, Nelly, I've bin fear'd me heart would burst all to pieces, so I have. Och hone! och hone! I've bin a dreadful, wicked, cruel vaggibin, and I bate meself, so I do. Poor Judy, poor Judy! Arrah, what for did I bate yer, yer dar- lint crater? Yer the best wife in all the world, so yer are; and I'm the biggest blaggird that iver escaped Jack Ketch. But I'll go home this blissed minnit, and ax Judy to forgive me, an' I'll ax God to forgive me too; an' I'll niver, niver do the likes agin, while I've got breath in me carcass. Och! iverlastin luck to yez, Paddy and Nelly; it was God sint me to yer hut to-day, I'm sartin of that. But I'll be off home immediately. Where's me hat an' shtick?" "Arrah, sit yer down, Mickey, darlint, for it's out of this hut yer don't move a leg to-night, not a bit of it," esid Paddy, dragging him reluctantly to his seat. "Sit yer down agin, me boy, and be aisy for a minute or two. Whist, now, and I'll tell yer what to do. Here, Nelly, take his hat and shtick from him." "Will, thin," continued Paddy, "get off home in the morning as quick as yer can, an' I'll lend yer my mare, so I will; thin make it up with Judy the fusht thing. An' whin ye've done that same, go down on yer knees together, and ax God to forgive yer both; and ax him to save yer from tashting grog agin for the rist of yer lives. But pray, at the same time, to God, to make yer love Him, and make yer understand His Holy Word. If yer haven't got a Bible in yer hut, buy one immadiately—here's the money to pay for it; then read it as often as ye can, and tache yer wife and childers to read it, and ye'll soon he a happy family, take my word for it. Then go to work, Mickey, might and main; git yer hut comfortable agin, and yer childers clothed, and sint to school. And, afther all that, the fursht bit uv money yer get in yer fisht to spare, go and insure yer life. That's my advice to yer, Mickey, me honey; an' will yer take it, now?" "Arrah! to be shure I will," cried Mickey, jump- ing up excitedly, and seizing the hands of both Paddy and Nelly at once. "All sorts of good luck, an' long life to yez, Paddy and Nelly, yer dartints. Yer the best frinds I iver met in the world, so yer are: ye've helped to make a new man uv me to-day, intirely. I'll do all ye've tould me to do, ivery bit uv it; an' God bless yer both. Here's my hand on it, frinds. This blessed minute I promise to dash me ugly ould inemy, the grog-bottle, into smithereens, an' I'll niver, niver touch it agin. "For the horrible grog makes a baste of me quite— Rough, ragged, and wretched, and poor. A lazy, and crazy, big blaggird outright, With my poor ould blind granny I'd quarrel and fight. Och, murther? l'll dhrink it no more." Darlinghurst, 1st July. At. John's, BisuoPTHonrE.— In pursuance with ad rertSeement, a meeting of the parishioners of £t. John's, Bishopthorpe,was held inthetemporaiy church, on Monday evening, to consider what steps were expedient and neces sary to secure the cervices of a clergyman to perform the duties of the parish, and aleo for the consideration of other matters. The attendance was not numerous, but consisted apparently of some of the principal members of the church. Mr. Pollard was moved intorihe chair. It appeared, from the address of the Dean of Sydney and remarks of other speakers, that since the departure for England of the Rev. Mr. Drake (on account of damestic affliction), there had been no stated clergyman to perform the duties of pastor of the Church, the pulpit being temporarily supplied by the Rev. Mr. Pendrill, and the Rev. Mr. Tucker (agent for the Bible Society). A general desire had now been expressed for the service of a clergymen who should perform the duties for a stated period, pending the settlement of a permanent paster. In order, however, that the Dean of Sydney (acting for the Bishop, new in England), might appoint a clergyman, it was expedient that Bome reasonable amount, as stipend, should he guaranteed. This was the principal object of the meeting, and, notwithstanding the paucity of flftpndanrm. f ho fninrnntaA tuna oivdn. The Row M* Tucker, alluded to above, is the clergyman who will be appointed for aix months. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Waverley Fenny Bank..— On Monday evening this institution was again opened—for the fifth time— to receive deposits. There are now 118 depositors, and the amount received has been £38 7e. lid. No money has yet been withdrawn. Australian Geography. — An advertising pill vendor announces that his pills are to be obtained in all parts of the world and in Australia. A short time ago it was maintained in official circles that New South Wales was in South Australia; and even now, although geographical knowledge of the antipodes has made considerable progress in England, instances are numerous where much want of information has been displayed. The latest is that which appears in a late number of the Critic under the heiad of 'Science and Inventions/' and where the public are informed that the Acclimatisation Society has established the most satisfactory relations with Queensland and Australia! Accepted Tenders.— The undermentioned tenders have been accepted by the Government Mr. Peter Graham, for the erection of a telegraph and post-office at Forbes ; Mr. William Lucas, for fencing the public pound at the Haymarket, Sydney; Messrs. Hamilton and Russell, for the execution of oertain works on the Mudgee Road, con tracts Nob. 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 ; Mr. J. S. Johnston, for the execution of certain works on the Mudgee Rood, con* tracts Nos. 2 and 9. Gundagai.— An order has been mode by the Governor and Executive Council, dated 1st July, 1862. empowering Alfred Cyrus Spencer Rose, Esq., Polioe Magistrate at Gundagai, to exercise within that district daring two years from Mm ditto nf ♦Vio aaid Ondor in flnnnoil. fho ano/viol powers authorised to be so given to police magistrates by the second clause of the Clerks of Petty Sessions Act of 1857. Polling Places.— The following places have been named as additional Polling Plaoes for the respective dis tricts named in connection therewith, viz. The Gwydir— Coonabar&bran; ; New England— Nowendoo. Petty Sessions.— The following gentlemen have been appointod Assistant Clerks of Petty Sessions, at the places mentioned opposite their names respectively Mrs Carlo 6\. Alsop, Newcastle ; Mr. Alfred Green, Forbes. Atpointments.- The following appointments have been gazetted :— Charles John Pitfield Lyaiard, Esq., Superin tendent of Police, and Frederic Duncan Mant, Esq., Sub Gold Commissioner, to be magistrates of the colony ; Mr. Frederic Duncan Mant to be Gold Receiver at Ki&ndra; Thomas Watson, Esq., to be a member of the Steam Navi gation Board. Registration.—' The Rev. Robert Steel, M.A., P.D., of the Presbyterian Church, has been registered at the Registrar-General's Office, in conformity with the provi sions of the Acts of Conncil, 19 Victoria, Nos. 30 ana 34. - Sudden and Remarkable Death.— On last Monday week, a magisterial inquiry was held by Dr. Scott, at Mr. Davis' Inn, Currabubula, about twenty miles from Tarn worth, on the body of a man who had been employed as a shepherd, for a short time, on the station of Mr. Frank Single, of Werris Creek, and who went by the soubriquet of 'Bothered Jee.' It appeared that the deceased was between fifty and sixty years of age, and was coming in a cart from Mr. Single's station to the Tamworth hospital, and on the previous day he had got as for as Mr. Davis's inn, where he asked for a drink of water, which was sup plied him, and after drinking it. Immediately dropped down dead. On an examination of the body, Dr. Scott was of opinion that the cause of death arose from the absorption of animal poison in tbe system ; the whole of the chest being much inflamed, with small white ulcers spread over the surface. — Tamworth Examiner . The Road to Bunoonia.— Some short time since a public meeting was held at Bungonia, when a memorial was adopted to the Secretary for Lands, pointing oat tbe necessity of having the road from that plaoe to Goulburn plaoed in thorough repair. The memorial was transmitted to the hon. T. A. Murray, member for the county, and from a letter addroFprd by that gentleman to Mr. John Doyle, the ffrfttwnftii of the meeting referred to, it appears that he strongly reoommended the placing of £200 on the Intimates for the purpose in question, and that he has reason tojbelieve that this wul be done without delay. Some months back a very substantial bridge was erected over the Bun gonia Creek, and a shorter and better road from Goulburn was marked out by Mr. Aroheim, the Government sur veyor. When this shall have been put into a proper state of repair, a journey to or from Bongonia or Goulburn will be a trifling nmttav— Gwftarfl Bcrald* 