AN HOUR WITH THE SPIRITS. \- (From the Weekly Empire.) \ -'XmoHo the tapio» attracting partioalar attention et tl ' prêtent time, both ia England and in thia colony, the ma ungular ate those connected with what is usually known i Spiritaaliam. The readers of the Empire are aware thu ?nany articles and oonxmanlcations, original and extracted autre lately appeared in its columns on this subject, W hare hitherto professed to know nothing of the matte ourselvea, not- having had either lima or opportunity fa nvestigatiog the alleged phenomena. The statements fe and agaioet Spiritualism were so many aa J so varions as t 'have left ns in a state of considerable doubt and bewilder anent even ap to the last day or two. We a-e now, however B a position to say, from actual experience, that allon doubts have been removed, and that in our opinion th matter has been'p'aced beyond the possibility of qaestioi er cavil. Having been introduced by a gentleman, whi as an implicit believer in Spiritualism, to a few of hi ..friends who had, on several previous occasions, formet hat was termed a Spiritual circ e, it wa« arraag'd tbati \- starte« should take place on the night of "the 26:h instant at whicl six or teven persona were t» be presen besides thi titer. The gextlem ia above at'ude 1 lo had devoted mud tue and attention to the investigation. of the interestinj phenomena in question. He had obtained several, occasions moat extraordinary results he precise cause cr nature of which, however lie did not pretend to be able to explain, althougl trongly impressed with the idea that they ' oould ouly be aseomted for by the agency of spirits - .On the evening in question, at about als o'clock, thi «àrc'e" consisting of eight persons, was formad at th« aidetoe of one of the pirty. The writer and another of thi gentlemen sere entirely unknown to most of those present and bad never before assisted at a teano: Two or three of the others it waa understood had had little or no pre vinos experience in ipiritaaliam, and all except two, ex pressed themselves as having formed no decided opinion or he tubjeot Tht party teated themselves around a ama! i-aung table, and having dote justioa to the hospitality ol heir hoat, after a time-the decanters and glasses being re. store j toa sideboard, so ss to leave the table perfeotly .ar, ' the teanee commenced. At it is desirable to be ai particular as possible, and to mention every circnmstanci ajabml.ttMl to enable others to form a judgement on the mat er aa well as ourselves, we may state that our host's win« \- «ere excellent, and that the brandy, a choice sample o: "Mai I ill ii. mn j 111 in 11 ii 111 ml equal to any} ever imported saaortly after eight o'clock, the glasses and decanters as be ore stated having beta removed, the gentleman who hat amted us, requested the oompany to place their hands ot t in table in such a manner that the little fingers of eacl person came in contact with those of his neighbours 01 i thor tide. One of the party, however, preferred to sit a . distance, and wat prepared with pencil and paper U record everything that took place. After waiting almost at silence for about five minutes, some of the party, beituj -evidently, from their appearance,'under a peculiar in . ?. faunce, the gentleman who assumed the direction of .thi eance, asked in a solemn voloe "Are lhere spirits prêtent V We waited for a few seconds without reply, when ha re ' petted the ques ion, adding " if there are, piesse to rap oi »the table three times.1' The words were scarcely utterei «hen three distinct raps were he' ard, apparently just nade he qneationer't hand. We were all somewhat startled, ani ' liad scarcely recovered from our surprise, whsa the ques sion waa put; "What is the name of the spirit givinj the raps ?" Ur. G. (the gentleman who put the question then commeuoed repeating the alphabet slowly and die lastly, having; previously requested the person who bat «odertaken the clerical duties to write down the letters a' which the raps occur red. This went on for some minutes ko alphabet having to be commenced anew at each letter »hen no more raps being heard, we ooaoladed that the an< «or «aa finished, we. then found that the raps had oooorrei Ht the following letters i toh y dna rb Of «ourse we oould make nothing of this, and as a rope lion of the question only brought a similar answer, and a Soboby had ever heard of such a personage aa Toh Tdnarl was at last decided to vary the question by asking thi .nknown " Are you happy in your disembodied ttate !" Ti Jus the reply wat at follows : - y ll oj y rev " We were if possible more puzzled than ever, and entirely Oiled to decipher the meaning, if there was say, in the sin. cjalar combina'ion of letters rapped out. We supposed the «ords to belong-to s'me language with which we were un acquainted. Determined, however, to investigate matten arther, the spirit was infirmed thst we were nnable tx «Aderstand the meaning of the previous raps, and that wi slesired to communicate with a spirit who oould converti ia English. **lf there is t spirit present who nan converti ix English," said Hr. G., " will it please give three raps Î* Ho sooner were the words uttered then there came a rat at-tat on the table, for all the world as if threa or four ol Hr. G.'t teeth had dropped on the polished mahogany * What ia your name JV was the next qnesüos. To thia thi tallowing answer was rapped ont : ' i ni I k na rf ni m a j ne b' Who, tn the nome of goodness .could Nilkuarf Nimajael %*>l We came, to the conclusion that .the wc rds had i twang about them as if they belonged to a North America! Badián, bnt all our inquiries failed to elicit any eatufactprj ?spit. Thinking it possible that questions coming from .ame other person than Mr. G. might be answered in « snore satisfactory manner, we desired to be allowed to pat av question, and with a view to elicit practical and useful mrormation which would throw light on previous answers, proposed the following :-" What is the nature of th« means, or the character o' the medium by which spirits atmununioate with mortals ?"-Th« answer waa aa fol .war erutsopmi dna ytiluierc It wat evident that we did not understand the spirit language, or that they did not understand na, but still we resolved to persevere, hoping at length to discover the key or explanation to the mystery. With this view, we put the following query, " What is the effect produced on mea by their intercourse with 'spirits?*' To this the answer wat . ., noi tacix o tni -, :i. ./ Of courte we could make nothing of this jumble of letters Cad the question wat varied by asking, " By what meant can a knowledge of spirit nppings ^'communicated !" To thia the following answer waa rapped out very distinctly and emphatically. , ' -\ gul muh All thia was very provoking, and the whole affair was . beginning to be considered to tiresome and annoying, that it WM remarked by. rae of tho party, if nothing more useful ban we had heard could be learned from the spirits, their acquaintance wat not worth seeking. Mr. G, however, en- couraged os to persevere, expressing m confident anticipa- tion that we should soon dissever the key to the meaning of lie myateriont list of vowels and conaonants we had heard rapped oat. It ought to have been remarked that tome of the sounds appeared as if they proceeded from a spot in the tabla jost under Mr. G.'t hand; while others evidently came from the part of the table where hit friend Mr. T. wat seated. Both these gentlemen, at before in tita atad, bad previously asa is tod at Spiritual teaneu, and were considered to be excellent medinina. Shs next ques'ion, a What's the use of Spiritualism T" «at aaked by one of tho party who had hitherto remained silent. The worda were not ¡atended to be addressed to the spirits, bot to Mr. G. himself. No sooner, however, were they uttered than that gentleman commenced repeating the alphabet, and at tho following letters tho raps were given louder than ever. iKttiui nwo ruoy dnin* Wo puttied ouraelvea for a short time over thia ap- parently- absurd nonsense, when Mr. T. suddenly exclaimed ** I hare it I The words should be read baekwarda or from right to left, like the Hebrew and many other languages.* Jilil thought, hf (sid, ha4 occurred ts him from a wnjidcra ftioa of th» fact that that waa toarnoat ancient way of I writing-, and wordd probably bs tho,one preferred bj the e dura to the moro modern method, it was.asheremarked, more conservative, end therefore more respectable. Most of os agreed with the latter obserratioa, and perceived t once, on. rarer ing .the order af the letters, that he' had actually discovered the key to unlock the difficulty nuder which we bad hitherto laboured. The practical wisdom, too, contained in "the words formal by the letters when reversed-viz : «' Mind your own business," and theapt nese. of the reply to the aomewhat impertinent query which had been put aa to the nae of Bpiritua'ism, struck us all as very remarkable. Ail the party were now very eager to apply thia method to the préviens answers, and especially to the nama of the; spirit which before hid puzzled na so mach, ead of wh'ch at ti e time it was rappsd cut we could make nothing but Nilknarf Nirnajneb. Now, however, the matter was perfectly clear. We were conversing with no less a spirit than that of Benjamin Fra klin,and might reasonably hope to get from " Poor Richard'." ghost a few words of wholesome ad - vioe and Judicious counsel. The advice his spirit had giren was certainly ¡characteristic of the man while living, and proved that disembodiment bad not changed bia charac- ter. This brought to the writer's recollection a passage-in an article' against Spiritualism published in the Empire a few dayasince. It waa as follows " Let them [the spirits], tell me how to make my fortune hone-tly, and then I -will believe in it." Here was the elna to the general incredulity manifested by men of the world, as they like to call them- selves, towards the interesting phenomenon which we were engaged in investigating It did not enable them t» make money. If the spirits would only do this, nothing, .could prevent the rapid spread of a bellefin their existence and opportunities of conversing with them would be eagerly sought for. Having had the good fortune to meet with the spirit of a maa "possessed of so m noh worldly wisdom as "Poor Richard" it was thought desirable to aaoertaiu if something could not be got out .of him which might be turned to practical account. One of the gentlemen present bad recently entere i into a rather extensive business, and was naturally desirous of learning how he could insure 'success. 4 Encouraged by the practical 'character of the answer to the Iaat question, and aileuce being restored, he.'ventured to ask, " Will t*e business, in which 1 have embarked prove successful No reply; He then aiked" ' If well managed, and properly attended to, will my affaira prosper Î" To thia question a prompt rea po ase waa returned by three very distinct raps, appa- rently proceeding in thia instance, from near Mr. G's part of the table'. Three raps are hy Spiritualists always under- stood to mean " Tes." Thia was very satisfactory to the querist, who, encouraged and emboldened by bis suobess, at onoe asked, « What course can I pursue in my business, in order to ensure.success?" Mr. G, then commenced the alphabet, and heavy rapa were heard as he repeated the fol- lowing letters : etitrevda esitrevda esitrevda These words were rapped out so emphatically that we were all anxious to know what they meant, and even before reversing them felt assured that they indicated a certain way to wealth, and to secure aoooces in business. But whoa our clerical assistant pronounced the words ' '' Advertise-advertise--advertise we were lost in astonishment and admiration. Encouraged by the answers to thelaat two queries, we lost no time in proceeding further to interrogate the spirit of M Poor Richard," hoping to profit yet more largely by lessons of wisdom from the American sage. The same gentleman who had asked the two or three preceding questions, then asked, " Will the apirit of tba venerated Franklin give me any further advice aa to theoonduot I should pursue?" Amidst the most impressive silence, broken only by Mr. G.'s regalar and solemn repetition of A,B, 0, &o; came the rapt aa he ottered the letters composing this asntenoe : ecnavda ni repap moy " rof yap syavila Our scribe lost no time in reversing it, and we felt pride and gratification at the wisdom of the utterance and the soundness of the advice--"Always pay for your paper In advance," was a sentence worthy of Franklin, deserving to' be recorded in letters of gold, and of being held up for the guidance of all young men aboat entering into business or commencing life. The advice of the spirit of the sage aa embodied iu thelaat three sentences-vie.-" Mind your business, Advertise extensively, and Always pay for your paper in advance," was sufficient of itself tb form a code hot only for mercantile men but for people in almost all situa tiona ofjlife. Every shop and coun ting-house, every hotel and place of entertainment, every manufactory and Trork akop, ahould have the words affixed in large characters in some conspicuous part of the establishment. Tbe ieance at this point waa adjourned till the following night. All who had been present at it expressed them s»lves aa highly gratified at the result, and declared- that whatever doubts they had previously entertained about. Spiritualism were now entirely removed. We shall not attempt to theorise as to the nature of the medium, the character of the force which produced the sounds, or the use to which investigations of this kind may be applied. A tree should be known by ita fruits, and seeing that the result in the foregoing oase waa so gratifying and likely to prove eo useful, we are not inclined to be oaptioua or querulous es to the meena taken by benevolent spirits to communicate with mortals. IMTIBXIHTS ia St. JANIS'S CnoacnTAE».-On Satur- day an adjourned inquiry was proceeded with in the Vice Ohancellor*a Court, St. George's Hall, before Dr. Holland, Inspector under tbe Burial Act, into the circumstances of a complaint wbioh had been made by a Mia James, who al- leged that a grave, in St. James' ohurohyard, of which her husband was pwDer, had been opened, and coffins containing the bodies of fire of her children broken up to make room for the interment of an adult. Mr. M'Goweu appeared for the Health Committee, aud Mr. Copeman for the Rev. L. T. Thomaa, the incumbent, and the churchwardens. From the evidence of Mrs James, it appeared that she had five children buried in the grave in question,-the fint in February, 1845, and the fifth in January last. When this last interment wai to t*ke place, it waa found on probing the grave that there was a depth of six feet, and as the grave was declared to be full in 1858, abe consequently in- quired what had become of the bodies of ker chdJren. In anawer to the inquiry, she ascertained that a Mr. Lorri man, a relative, had been interred in tbe grave. To satisfy her on tbe subject, tbe grave was opened, and in doing so the skull of a ohild and some bones were thrawu up among tie soiL Mrs. Irving, sister to Mrs. James, stated that Roberts, the grave-digger, on being questioned, said that A'r Callery, the clerk and sexton, had ordered him to break up i the comas of the children, to make room fer the man Lorn man. Evidence to the effect that Mrs. James had four oMldren interred in the grave in question was given br j Mrs. Graham, a widow, whose grandfather and father had i been sextons of the church ; and on one occasion abe knew ' of human boues being thrown out of a grave, but only onoe. It was also abated that three weeka ago Roberta, the grave- digger at St. Jamos i, stated that he bad bees ordered by Mr. Callory, the sexton, to break up the ooffins of tbe children to make room for the man Lorriman. To rebut thia evidence, Roberta, the grave-digger, was called, but on being cautioned, he declined to make any statements. Corne- lius Callory, sexton of St. James's Churob, was next called, and examined at great length. He denied having given any inatrucliona to Bo betts, to crush ap the coffins of the children, and said that when he probed the grave, there waa a depth of upwards of six feet, and he knew nothing about the bodies of the children. Be observed no bones or akull when the soil waa thrown up. Mrs. Perry, daughter of tbe deceased Mr. Lorriman, stated that when she went to inquire about the interment of her father, the probe waa used, and it went down upwards of six feet. At this atage the inquiry waa adjourned till Thu- aday. The Rev. Iv. F. Thomas stated j that it was his intention to apply to the Bishop for per I mission to open the grave, aa ne wished, indeed courted, the fullest icquiry,- ead, if the sexton and grave-digger v, re guilty, let them bepuniahed; lut if innocent, let them be acquitted. A boat's crew of bar Majesty's ship Blenheim were assisting to moor the Great Eastern on the gridiron at Milford, when the hawser which waa connected with the boat fooled in tba tan of the screw, and a Bingle revo'.a rion of tte screw dr. w the boat underwater. The bc at j waa smaahed to pieces, and the whole of the men were for some time in imminent danger, but ultimately they were ali rescued except two. Captain Walter Paton, of -Liv r pool baa been appointed commander of the Great Eastern at a salary of £1000 par ans um and a commiialcc., ] Tba body of an infant waa foand in a third-class oar« liege, ac Paddington, a few days ago. Tba body bad bean pat into a basket warm, and theta was a braisé on the right cheek bone and a graze lower down. The child had received no nourishment for thirty or forty bean The aaase of death waa a blow on the hta-l, and ÍOBLIE ?ital nourishment. Verdiat, «? vViUol murder against . a person or persona unknown." < aptain Rowlands, of the ship Manners Salton, bar remonstrated with his son, who acteá ss ma's, on his intended marriage with a barmaid at Queenstown, a struggle ensued, in the course of which the son shot bis father in tho iiead. Ibo son, seeing the old man fall and bleed profusely, became alarmed, jumped or rboard, and swam to tbn nearest waite!, where he found means of oo'nmnnicatisg wiih tba abure in eider to obtain medical aid. . <**t.i On Monday, the prisoner. William Coard, junior, was brought np on r»nv*nd at the JFown Hall, Bridgewater. on the char g > of wilfully murdering his servant, F,iaail Howe, at Weston Z ryland. Tt e prisoner appeared to take the proceedings vary eomplacent'y, and sat .in the dock with a display of nonekalanee seldom witnessed in a. person accused of so sefton* a taime aa madder. Same addit'oial ivHenoe. was taken, and tba prisoner'was committed for triek, -Xnectbir night a yoong woman, r-oWd Ritz* Dew rw.-ry. Jiving at Sutton-a willaga > aiw -*.« (Amitfiorl »ria Woking-waa Bitting at work wiiti t. r <wher, when a.. gun, loaded with two- boUets.'wa.« ntri taiougn.the window within awe feet from viifr« «ne waa Mitring. The I allées, however, xni'sed ii«, A young d>á», i eigateen years of age, named Al.rs ? K'wa*! Stevens,! bas been apprehended ai suspioicu. lie winued to pay bis addresses to Mis« Dewberry, but she bad rejected bim. - . An aooident, similar tn the tearful one whieh .occurred ct Sunderland, took pla«« at Birdsall, near Malton, on Friday week. A Sir»; Hudson waa attemptiag to step over the tumbling abaft" of a corn.thrashing machine, when ber dress waa,naught, and she waa several, times whirled round with ;tbe wheel. Ween tbe machinery was Stoppel, her knees were- lonni to be dislocated, and she bsd rnoeived nt'titr serious injuriés. ? ?-. 