THE REV. W. L. REES' SERMON ON THE CRICKET GROUND. Asormon was preached jcsterilay afternoon on tlio Melbourne cricket ground, by the Bcv.' W. L. Eeos, an Independent Minister, .at wliioh about 400 or 500 persons wore nreBonfc. The reverend gentleman occupied a position at a tablo inside the inolosure, and his audience wore seated 011 a portion of the grand stand, near tho centre of it. Tlio service being opened by singing and prayer, Tho Rev. Mr. Rees read tho soeond chapter of the Acts of tho Apostles, nnd subsequently took for his text tho formor part" of the 11th verso, viz.! "But Rotor, stand ing up with the eleven, lifted up his voice, and said unto them, ,Yo men of Judcn, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken unto my words." -In his opening remork3 tho rovorond gentleman said that for a long: time ho had desired to preach that which ho now professod to those with whom he had for some period been associated, viz., the > cricketers .of.- tlio colony of Victoria; and ho hnd taken tho opportunity of doing so-ata season 'which was not likely to ocour soon again. Erom"£ho text ha had taken there was much truth to- bo : deduced. He bad 'intended to draw many- similios botweon tho game of cricket and. the game of life j but, as it would involve too much time on that occn9iori, lie would resorvo it till next Sabbath day, wheni he would again address them. Mr.' -Rees then apphed himself' to the subject of his text, namely, tho Elevon Apostles : First, as ; to who and'wliat thoy were ; Beoondly, what tboy said ; and thirdly, what thoy had' done.! '-'As to t' o first division— tho apostles were Jews, who although despised and reviled howl onco bolongod to tlio greatest nation ' on'" the face of God's earth, and from whom-: the greatest kings, prophets, warriors, and poets' had sprung. At tho time when' David sat onl I ho throne the Jewish nation was tho greatest on earth, but at tho time when Petor-st'ood up: with the eleven it was a province of ImporialRome. Ho then referred to the humble position of -the Apostles, 09 fisliormen, the precarious means they had of earning a subsis tence, their poverty, and ignorance ; but yot with a total nbsenco of nil wordly gifts they, being filled with the Iloly Ghost, were able to work such groat wonders. Next— what did thoy say — They spoko of the wonderful works of God. All natures works were wonderful Science disclosed its wonders dhily, but the ApOBtles spoke of something far moro wonder- ful — tho great schemo of redemption, of a honvon to come. In. the third' place,' as 'to' what they did. Tho effect of their speech -was miraculous, inasmuch ns 3000 persons were turned to tho service of God. Jloro was an example for tlienua A' few poor men, backed up by no moral powor, with ' everything wordly against them, not possessing half tho information that any one of those present did, worked these wonders from faith und the influence of tho Holy Spirit. They must romembor that thoy had a duty to per- form. Let them take tho amio Captain and obey the same law. Let them remember what tho Apostles suffered, und how thoy conquered, and where thoy now enjoyed their reward ; and that if tho snmo heaven and the samo glory was not for those whom ho addressed, the alternative would bo everlasting punishment. The reverend gentleman's address occupied about throo-qunrtors of an hour in delivery. His manner is earnest, nnd somo parts of liis" address were oloquont. At the" conclusion' of tho servieo a collection was mado for the bono- fit of tho Ladies' Benevolent Society and the" City Mission. SUPPOSED NEW LEAD AT MOUNT GREENOCK. — There is a feeling abroad that we are on the eve of another largo rush to this district. It appears that a party of men who have for some time past been working in Sanders's paddock, Mount Greenock Plain, and who have been realising very handsomo dividends, have grounds for believing that they have struck a distinct lead of gold tending in the direction of the high ground on the plain. The party in question commenced washing the ground when the bed rock was but one foot from the surface. This they have followed to a depth of 70 feet, obtaining a modorate quantity of gold from the machine. At length, a few days ago, they came to the end of the dip, and found a valu- able deposit of gold, and the ground perfectly level beyond, with splendid indications of the existence of a lead of gold. Pending the sinking of a new shaft outside the paddock, and on this level bed rock, we forbear from saying more. Last week the party divided L13 per man, the proceeds of the one week's excavations.— Talbot Leader, 3rd January. 