' BI-HOP POMPALLIER ANO THE MAOBI KINGITE8. (Frcm Ute Aucklander, September 27.) I LETTER of the Hight BOT. Dr. Pompallier, Bishop of Auckland, to Matuteara Potttiu, a nativa ohief of Waikato, called 11 Thu King," by the natives. (Traes lated from the Maori language.) Beloved friend Matuteen,-Greeting to thee; great ia my affection for theo, who art the father of many tribes; great is my remembranoe and affection for Te Whero. whero thy father and roy nnoient friend in this island. Ah I may thou, thy family and tribes be Messed by JBBUS GhriBt the Saviour of the world and the only foondor of the Holy Catholic Church, which is the OD ly mother ehnroh, tbe Ohureb of all ages sod of all the earth, I reoeived the letter whioh was writ on by tbee on the Slat July last. My heart has rejoiced, be* oanse light hsB been chown to thy eves and to thy heart. Behold, God speaks within the Ohurob by the mouth of the bishops and by the mouth of the priests, whom they send to do their work, that ia, to proooh to the sheep of their flookB. Behold, also, the teaoblng of the pftBtorebip of the Obnroh ÍB tbe true teaoblng of the word of God; it ia the tesobiog of lbs Holy Ghost himself ; for tho Holy Gbost abider with the Confab's Pastorship, Jesus Christ having said to his apostles, comprising thair successors : " The Hely Gbost shall remain with you for ever. Henoe he ia constantly in you." (John oh. 14 v. 10,17.) TUBBO are also tLe very words of Jeans Christ : " Be- hold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." (Mot,, ch. 28 v. SO.) Now, from these solemn words, consider that the Pastorship of the Church cannot teach anything of error, but its teaoblng and direotion for Christian life, aro from truth only. That Pastorship has the lawful authority to teaoh all tbe nations of tbe earth. So it possesses all the words of God ; all the Sacraments, end tv.n itself bas delivered tb tbe world the Bible, written on paper. Henoe the Mother Church is the proper prc sorvor of the Bible; she gives the understanding of it ; she ia the judge of its letter, wbich is merely tho sign, the bark, we oonld say, oi the word of Ged;-that ÍB, of His thoughts. But what ls moro importont, tba Church makes understood these thoughts themselves, whioh are the real word of God, tt e fruits of truth-the flame ol the Holy Ghost's flambeau, whioh ia tbe spiritual light for the souls of the men of the world. I Yes, Maori people and beloved spiritual children, ' yes it is very true, within the pastorship of the Church, the Holy Ghost is always abiding end acting. Hence thia principle ie certain. The teaobing of the pastor- ship of the Churoh ls the living Bible, whioh causes tbe Bibla paper to shine; and ont of tho pale of the Mother Church the Holy Ghoat does not aot; but ont of the Church the spirit of darkness, the work of in-' fidelity itself abides, Joans Christ aaylog, ''Hs who does not bear, tho Ohurob, let him be considered aa an ind iel and a ainner." (Mat.- ot). 18, v. 17.) Therefore out of tho Churoh the souls of men live in trouble and' anxiety, and tbere is a multitude of false dootrluos, of confusions and oontradiotionB, beoauae they are deprived of the light and of the work of the Holy Ghoat. Let some men not soy that the Bible paper-the Bible letter, ia f te principal rule of Faith, for that Bible, out of tba ministry of the Holy Ghoat, ia merely a poper with black lineB of writing-that is o'). Hence out of the Holy GhoB', the Bible is like a lamp with oil and wiok, but without the flame upon the wick-vis,, without tbe flame of the Holy Ghost, whiob ia the light of Faith ; for, we repeat it, tba Holy Ghost does not remain out of the Oburob, and with people not bearing tbe Cburob. Therefore, finally, lot men be in the pale of the Churob, and thera Boon they will have tbe Light of Truth from the Bible paper, especially from Ibe living Bible, wbioh is the prinoipal one, and la the teaching of the Pastor, ebip of the Church-teaching which ia the Limp having alwoys the flame upon the wick, uenoo the ttutb of thoBo woids of St. Paul's : " The Chutab of the living God ls the Pillar and Ground of Truth. Timothy, oh. 3, V.16. ....... Matute ora,-It ia then with grounded reason that my heart has felt great consolation, because thou host adopted the dootrine and direotion of the Mother Church -tbe Churoh of the living God, of whioh Church the nature has been more end more explained to thee by tbe Fliest Bent by me to thy oonntty. This faot of the living teaohlng, abowa more and more to thee, that tbe living Bible, that is, the Bible speaking is better than the Bible paper, wbiob ia dumb and deal, las, better ia the living Bible, that la the teaobing of the Mother Churoh, which ean beer by human ears, and speak by human tongues. Hence these solemn worda of the Apostle's Creed, which are recited by Christians generally: "I bslieve in tho Holy Catholic Church." Now let no person in Nev Zealand say, there la only one same God for the Mother Churob and for all tbe separated Gburobea-hence they are all equally good. Hearkm, spiritual ohlldren of New Zaaland, behold there ia only one God for the Angola in Heaven, but a great many of them became proud and disobedient to Him, and they were separated from him to be mere demons ia helli And as for Him, He remained a good Father solely for the angela who persevere in goodness. L'kenise there la only one God for the Jana and for the Christiana; but the Jawa have been separated from bim on aooontit of their erlmea oommitted on the person of Jeans Cbrlat our Saviour, md God has remained a good Father to the faithful Christians. ? Likewise, again, at tbe last day of Judgment, there «111 be only one God for the good Christiana, who aball ba* placed at bia right haod, But theaa bad Christiana aball be expelled into hell, whioh will be tbe eternal punishment for their sins, either against faith or against the Divine laws; and God himself will bo, in Heaven, the Father infinitely good to the good Christians. Yea, than, lhere is ouly one God, that U Jehovah ; bat be ia a good Ged lot the Christians good, and a God of just ... gar io ibu sinful Ourjsuj.na woo remain obstinate io t o r eins, finally, likawise tbe New .Churches, -by their besom, ing prend and disobedient to the Mother Oou'roh, viz, to the words of Faith, or to tba Divine Laws for Chiin lian life, are separated by God from the Charon and from Himself. ' He who does not bear tbe Charon, let bim bi considered ss . heathen.' Hrnae, although Separated Churohee like to heep the Bible paper, behold they do not possess tbe clear know ledge of the word of God, that ie, tbe Fóotrino of tbe Cburoh'n Pastorship, whioh is the living Biofe, the lamp with tbs flame'apon itself; in one word, tho New Churohee heep tbe paper, videlicet, the skin »f the frai', tbe oil and wick of tbe lamp, bat they leave the fl ima and the light io the Mother Charon, that is, to the true Christians, who are dooils to JJBU? Christ, saving to His Apostles . aod their Successors, videlicet, ta the law ul paBtorsbip of the Church, " They who hear you (the ap istias) hear Me, and they «io despise you despise Me," (Like ob. le, v. 10). Enough foi three great tinths; it belongs to God himself to judge finally the persons who ara wrong in matters of Faith and Religion. Bat be bap^y, dear friend Matntaers, be happy, ye al), who are of an upright heart. Tbe star, that , ia, the light of Heaven has abone for yon ; thou preserve it asa lamp to guide yon to the Motber Cburoh, to Faith, lo Heaven itself. Now the goodness of God is for you ; the love of bis Bishop is for yon ; for you the love of i tbe Mother C'.urob, in Europe, ia Asia, in Afros, in America, ia Oceánica, behold io all the world. Still let man preserva well Faih, and observe CbrUtian life, videlioit, let him keep a true love for Got, loving Him above all twinge, and bis neighbour ss himself. Thas ends my letter for you dear Friend Matutaera ; thou seeBt, it is a work of teaehiog ; it ia the work of an ardent love; it is not in any manner a work of Coaiar (of polttioe), for it does net oonorrn the rights of land, property, or sovereignty. I leave thess things to the paople of the world, to their Chiefs, either f ireignera or Maories. Behold I have no mission from God to settle snob, matters. I end by wishing tu the and to oil tby tribes, (be blessings whioh God gives to the persons living in the bosom of tb» Mother Church, Ca'holio Rom m. Now this is a token also of my love : I send a new priest of mine for thee and the tribes of Waikato. My Vioar.General oonduots him to you. Bo all good to bim RB a psi'or for you all. Ba good BIEO to the saored ministers going in my name, in the name of Jesus Christ himself; This letter is from JOHN BAPTIST FBANCIS POU?AUJER, Bishop of tbe Dioceae of Auoklandt ITALIAN IN DEPENDENCE.-The martial bean og of tbe King -Ilia bold and Brm aspect-gave evidence of the noble raoe of warriors from which he springs. The gay and buay ap. pearance of Alessandria at that time contrasted singularly with the stern severity of its old palaces and half-decayed metli «3 val churohea. Groups of Zouaves, and bands of Hus- sar« and Lancers, mingled with the lovely women and girls of the oity, singing and embracing eaoh other with that ef- fusion of joy which waa one of the prominent featurea of those days: Ladies of rank walked arm in-arm with tho young ofSoera of the Imperial Guard ; and priests and sol- diers talked together, ate together, drank together, and sang together, under the glowing impulse of the nation's re- awakened lifo. On arriving at tko Royal Palace, the Em- peror Napoleon wai greatly mazed at finding on hia tabla the very map on whiob the First Napoleon had traoed the movements of bia army before tbe battle of Marengo. On that memorable day, tbe bead-quarters of the Consul were established at Torre del Garofalo, a sort of country house wbioh belonged then, and belongs still, to tbe Marquis del Garofalo, in the joy of vi ito ry, tbe map waa forgotten, and it became a treasure of the family. Now, however, that gratitude to the Napoleonic family was in every Italian heart, the treasure waa naturally offered to the descendant of tbe great oaptaio.-ltily under Victor immanuel. Hy Count Charleé Arrivabene, j THE ILLUMINATION OF ST. rarEB'a.-In the evening of Easter day, the dome and weat front of St, rotor's were illuminated, pres;nting the appearance, at a distanae, of the whole oharoh being lighted up. The effect of this illumination, as I beheld it irom a tower of the Capuchin convent, was beautiful. If the extetiorof St. Paul's were so illuminated that the shape of the churoh should be dis- tinctly discernible, and appear like a vast body of light ! that had taken that form, saoh would be the best descrip- tion I could give of the illumination of St, Peter's. I was ' struck by the absence of glare, the quality of light pro dnced being BB soft and equal aa that ot a) celestial body. All at once, on a given algnal, the abade of light wai skilfully made to chanr/e aimultaneously throughout the edifice, and to beoome more brilliant than before, although still not glaringly so. Tba Romana are much interested by this oliange in the illumination, and watch eagerly for it, wbioh I believe is oauaed by the simultaneous withdrawing of tiny paper bags,, by whioh, until then, tho myriads of lamps are oovered. Much danger to tba workmen em- ployed la said to be attended on thin operation ; and it. is a carrent report, though I do not von li for ita truth, that the artificers engaged ia these perilous portions of the work, receive the sacrament before undergoing the ri k they involve. The illumination of St. Poler's is repeated on the 29th of Jane, *-t. Petera day,- Convent Life in Italy. Dy Algernon Taylor. THE FEISOK MOOSE.-Sejmour was of the hypocritical class ; that a visionary idea of becoming "a pet prisoner '' had auggeated from tho outset her peculiar lino ot conduct. In words she was too truly penitent ; bnt the hardness, and even the indifference of ber manner, in the absence of the . chaplain or soripture reader was a Iud aign for her con- version. Moreover, aa at Brixton Prison she gave up talk i ing of religion altogether-save at times, to repeat a > chapter or two of the Testament by heart, to show her powers of memory-I have alway« onn-idered that I have grounds for making this assertion. At Bril on Prison, alsi, she continued her objection to her fellow- prisoners-"thjso poor abandoned creatures," aa abo termed them-declined association when it was in her power ; anil when favoured with a companion, treated tho wondering woman to a lengthened detail of tbo respectability of lier oonneolions. It WBB at Millbank, however, that ber mouse taming ao eompllalimenta showed them eel ves first . ber affection for mice and aparrowa WOB intense Ono mouse, that elie invariably termed 'my friend," was accustomed to make his appearance from a bole at her call; and take his place during the dinner hour on the table, whereon lie would be regaled with orumha from her six-ounce loaf. I have looked through "the inspection" oi her cell moro than once, and seen these Btrange comparions at their moils, -the moose timid and panting, nibbling nt- the otttmbs atrewn before it, even taking them from tho prisoner's hand and ready to dart away at the first alarm. Sa) mour had a peculiar call for the monee, to willoh it always responded ; and os tho intimacy increased,'" my friend'' gathered greater confidence, and would perch on her shoulder, or ron up and down her sleeve. " My friend" placed itself entirely nt her disposai after a little while, and Seymour was accus- tomed to take it to church in the bosom or sleeve of ber dress, and to talk of her friend's health or appetite, and of the effect the weather had on its coustitut:ou. During tte absence of Seymour from tho cell one day, a spiteful prisoner imitated her call, brought tho inconsiderate mouse on the table, eeized it,'land'bit its tail off I "My friend" did not reapond so readily to the call after this outrage toils dignity, and it was some hours before Seymour discovered tbe ravages made on ber little com- panion's personal appearance. Then Seymour's indigna- tion and horror knew no bounds. "Alias-- I some brute hos taken off my friend's tail 1" she soreimed to tbe matron. " lt's an infamous and cowardly action, and I hope y JU'll report it to the lady-superinteudent. I demand to know who has been in my cell during my abeenoe. I have a right to know, Miss, and I hope you'll make every inquiry." ' Miss-," waa her next salutation, " have you mentioned abont my friend yet ?" " Not yet, Soymour." ''Then I'll soe the deputy-superintendent myself. Fut roy same down, if you please. My friend hos been sub- jected to the most infamous and revolting treatment 1' And the woman's rage was so intense that it was antici- pated that during the day Seymour wonld make her first break-out. However, breaking-out would lava lost her " my Mond," and Seymour subsided, made her complaint, and was promised all the redress that prlion rules could afford her. But prison rules had not been framed with any idea as to tbe injuries whioh the tails of the mice of tbe establishment might receive ; and, this «erious omission having been explained to her, Seymour waa paoified. She bore ever afterwards an implacable hatred to the woman who committed the offence on her " friend "-tbe woman, mado no soruple in avowing the fact-and her demonstrative con- tempt for tbat prisoner in particular was often a source of amusement to tho women on oooasiona when they wero brought together. But ' tar friend '' was doomed to a worse fate in the future. When it had reoovered all itt old confidence in hs protector, attended divine service again in the chape], and become a regular guest at Seymour's dinuer-table, a favourite cat called" Alma," attaobed lo the establishment, mode a pounce at the mouse in Sey- mour's absence, and cut short its oareor. Soymoar showed great concern at the lois of her companiou, broke into a passionate fit of weepitig when tho news was first commu- nicated, and fell into as despondent and morbid a condition as people of week minda have done before and since her time. It was some months before Seymour reoovered her customary equanimity t she really fretted about tho mouBe, and the unhappy termination of ita career. In the even- ing, I have seen her with the unopen book of tho prison library on her table, and she crylnt* silently to benoit over the loss of tho loved one,-I1 emule Ufe in 1'rison. Dy a Puna e Mutton, SELFISHNESS FUNISIIED.-Before Evelyn's return to Eng- land lie had accomplished another objeot-ha bad ehosen a wife. Tbe marriage, which eventually proved so happy, was, however,'prefaced by a severe trial-an attatsk of small- pox. That fearful disease, whioh Evelyn's friend, Kobeit Boyle, escaped all bia 1'fe. was a aooarge the very thoughts of whioh east a gloom over families. An act of selfiahness, rare in the kindly Evelyn, was punished by the fearful visi- tation. Returning from hts travels, he slept at a Swiia town. There was no vacant bod in the inn ¡ Evelyn, there- fore, requested that one of the hostess's daughters should be removed cu' of her bed, and that room mode ready for him s heavy wi* h aleep and fatigue, he would not stay to have the f beets changed, but got into the fatal bed whilst it was still warm. There waa a suspicious smell of frankin oonne in the room, and the bostons admitted that her daughter had only recently recovered from the ague. The young traveller felt ill and heavy, bat held up whilst cross- ing the Lake of Geneva, where, in apite of the conversation of Diodati, then reaident at Geneva, who called on him, he oould no " longer held up hts head," but felt as if " hia eyes would have dropped out." A wearisome confinement of sixteen days, attended by a hideous Sirias matron, with an immense goitre, was followed by recovery.- Celt bruted Fricndthip*, by Afr». Thornton. AK " EpfEorrjAi, FEBVENT PEATBB."-"In one of the narrow streets near the Marche St. Honore," says the Union, " resides a poor working family who have lately bean labour- ing auder great distress. The wife has been for some time ill, ana the husband has jost met with on accident whioh has prevented him from following hia usual occupation, so that his family of fire children often suffered from hunger. Among the children was a little intelligent girl who every day attended tba charity achoo!, bot who baa been lately obliged to atop at home to attend aa best aha. could to her little brothers. She had been taught at Behool that those ia distress ought to address themselves to God, and the idea entered her miad that if abe sent a letter to Goo, relief would follow. She, therefore, got pea, ink, and paper, and wrote the letter asking for health ior her parents, and bread for herself and brothers. Thinking that the poor-box which she hod Been in the churoh of St. Booh waa tho letter-box of dod, ehe took an opportunity of atealinc; quietly out of the room and running off to the churob. While looking round ta see that no one was near, aa elderly lady noticed her movemeuta, and thinking abe waa at Borne mischief, atopped her and inquired what ahe was doing. After aome hesita- tion, the child oonfesscd the object ol her visit to tbe ohurob, and ahowed the letter. The lady took it and promised the ohild that ahe would take care that it . should reach ita destination, asking at the same lime to what address the anawer must be sent, whioh the ohild gave, and returned home with a light heart. Un the following morning, on opening the door of the room, she found a large basket filled with different artiolea of wealing apparel, auger, money, ito, tbe whole picked up with a direction card, on whioh waa written 'Reponte du bon Dieu.' Some hours after, a medical man also came to give advice." ANOTHER OoBBBsroNDEXT's EYES OPENED.-The Ame rloan correspondent of the Illustrated London Neun, who, so recently aa a month ago, expressed hiscoaviotiouthat the North must ultimately win, now aaya- " I never aaw any- thing of the Southern people until I landed at Memphis. I believed, 'rom all I heard, that the Secession movement waa but skin-deep, after all, and that the people would willingly return to their allegiance if the old flag were carried to their midst, and the leaders of the rebellion removed from among them. I bare anice found this not to be the case. There is more bitterness of feeling evinced towards tho North than I ever Baw displavcd by the Italiana to the Austrians. If, ' then, such are the sentiments of the entire South, and if defeat does not bring them nearer to the Union, what ¡ato be the result of all tbiB bloodshed î A conquered people, writhing in tbe chaine that bind them to their oonquerora, and aeeking every freak opportunity for outbreak.' 