CORMIE INTELLIGENCE. WARWICK. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 13. OUR township during the last week has been suffering from a state of collapse, and very little has transpired to excite notice or to call for any particular remarks. On Friday last a grand invitation ball was given at Bugden's Criterion Hotel by, as I have been informed, Messrs. Davidson and Wienholt. Not moving in the great circle as a planet, and not being desirous of performing the duties of a satellite, I moved about like a comet, my orbit being an Ellipsis, and in one of my eccentric movements I chanced to strike against the aforesaid hotel. Feeling rather thirsty and tired, I there came to a full stop, and, having refreshed myself with a glass of Bugden's good brandy, at the request of worthy Boniface, I good naturedly inspected the preparations which were at the time being made for the forthcoming grand passage of legs, and at once pronounced it to be all right. As I before remarked, not being one of those who move in the great circle, I am, through my incapacity to attend as an attendant on the noble train, quite ignorant as to the style in which the affair came off, but certainly the arrangements and decorations, effected under the able superintendence of host Bugden, were such as reflected great credit upon him. The folding-doors of the large coffee-room were thrown back, and ample scope given to " the light fantastic toes," which doubtless gracefully tripped it there till daylight did appear." The room was most elegantly festooned with evergreens, real oranges, and artificial roses. From the centre of the ceil- ing hung pendant a large tree-like affair, most tastefully arranged, very much resembling what is styled at home a kissing bush. Whether, on this auspicious occasion, it was used for such a purpose, deponent sayeth not-no barra if it were. The ante-rooms for dressing, resting, and card playing were also very neatly arranged, and, on the whole, I have not yet seen in Queensland a better get up for such an occasion. The only other event which has taken place here since I last wrote, worthy of notice, is the land sale held in the Court- house on Monday last. There was but a poor attendance, and, with the exception of one or two lots, I believe the whole was withdrawn. To the great surprise, not to say disgust, of several parties attending this sale, a gentleman, who has within the past few weeks figured very conspicuously area. in the Warwick list of bankrupts, purchased in his own name a nice little farm, of coarse for cash. I won't say what the amount was, but it was something (under at any I rate, such circumstances) rather considerable. No wonder that such a hue and cry is raised against our insolvent laws when men, immediately after solemnly protesting that they have given up to their creditors every shilling they possess, and every article they can call their own, will they openly and directly give those creditors every reason to believe that in such cases honesty is not looked upon as the best policy, and that such protestations are just nothing more than solemn farces. Business, I am sorry to say, is exceedingly dull, and our town looks but the ghost of what it was during the race week. The farmers are anxiously looking out for j rain. Not a drop has yet fallen, and fears are beginning to be entertained for our | crops, Want of labor is the general outcry here. I see you have had an influx of nearly 2000 | souls into Brisbane D you think the Government could send us a dozen or two out | of that lot? I wish you would ask them. They might perhaps be persUaded by asking; if not, perhaps to their cost they will be persuaded by and bye, nolens volens. 