'-.'.i-.:, FOREIGN MEMORANDA. ?, ... ; ? ..? .- .' ?-'. ?: ' JPBANOB. ? '? . i The Mexican expedition is at present the exclu sive subject of interest in Paris. The well known Marquis de Boissy has just made it the occasion in the Senate to attack England, and to charge her with perfidy in withdrawing from the conven tion, and to point her out as still the bitter enemy ui fruuuu. jut, is saia. mac wus is me view ot the great maeB of the people, as the French journals do not copy the articles which have appeared in the English papers on the subject. As we state elsewhere, a large force is about to be sent out by the French goverment to Mexico. The French army of occupation in Rome is re duced to a single division. The Moniteur of 1st June, announced this step as the result of an Im __ perial decision of the 28th of May. The reduced force is to be commanded by General Count de Montebello. The appointment ef this officer is, curiously enough, claimed for special reasons as a triumph both by the Italian and the Ultramon tane party. One patty affirms that the general himself is very ' sympathetic ' as regards Italy ; the other stoutly maintains that, whatever his personal feelings may be, he has a wife who iB attached to the Empress's train as lady of honor— and they rest satisfied with the mention of this fact. ? ... -.; ; . . (. . .MAIiT. -. , , .. ,; ?;? ' ' '?': The great ceremonial at Rome to celebrate the canonisation of the Japanese martyra, took' place on Sunday, 8th June. The ceremony occupied six hours, and was attended by 44 cardinals, 250 bishops, and the diplomatic body generally. Let ters of, 8th June from Rome give full accounts of the ceremony. The ? illumination of the church with 16,000 candles seems to have been a failure. .'The effect was not brilliant; so vast are the pro portions of the church, that it was in comparative darkness, as if stain of the fourth magnitude were glittering faintly. Seen from without, the walls , had the appearance of being inlaid with bright mosaics, while the smoke of the candles and of ,the incense gave the interior the appearance of a vast theatre in a thick1 London fog. The lighting up was a; decided mistake, and the less said about it the better-' As to the assembly- in the ?church :—' Nearly 400 mitres were; 'here assem? bled, a sight which the world has not seen for centurieB, and perhaps will never see again After ' these and a number of other officers, his Holiness is borne into the church magnificently attired, having two large fans or flags of feathers at his side, and holding a wax taper in. his left hand, while with his right he blesses the multitude. It is impossible to give you an adequate idea of the feeling which his appearance awakened among men who had come from' all parts of the world to see the. representative of St. Peter, the depositary of the Holy Spirit, the halt man, half God, as they regarded him, about whom they had read and talked, and for whom they had prayed since they were children no higher than the knee. ' Le Saint Pdre ! Le Saint Pere I' exclaimed the French priests; 'II Santo Padre 1' cried tlie Italians; and Germans, Spaniards, Greeks, Americans, and English all manifested the same zeal, each, in his different tongue. ♦?'.,* : The singers in the Vatican chanted with their un earthly voices 'Tu es Petrus,' and the voices* not so much softened as rendered meagre by the dis tance, glided like ghosts through the building; At times another body of men chanted 'Ave Maria Stella,' and it was thus that the Pope was borne through 60,000 worshippers from every country under the sun to the high altar beyond the tomb of the Apostle, where he descended from his seat, and after praying, was again carried forwards to the throne at the upper end of the nave.' After much doing of homage and chanting of ' Veni^ Creator Spiritus,' followed the actual canonisa tion, a few words spoken by the Pope, and then the news was announced by cannon out in the open air, and a ' Te Deum' by the multitude in the church; It is rumored that the result of the convoca tion of bishops in Rome has been an official intimation to the French government that the Pope and his advisers will not listen to any terms of compromise. Cardinal Morlot is said to have been commissioned by the French em peror to broach some propositions ; but, upon his proceeding to deliver his message, he was cut short by a definite refusal to entertain aay terms whatever. On the 14th of June a grand fete took place at the Quirinal. The ex-King Francis II., sur rounded by his ministers and court, received on that day an English — or rather Irish — deputation, intrusted with the presentation to him of a sword of honor. The deputation was headed' by Cardinal Wiseman and Dr Cullen. The ex king was greeted with cries of ' Vives les Bour bons !' A correspondent of the Temps s^ys : — ' The sword is a very handsome one; it is now exhibited, and I have this morning been to see: it. At the guard is a bas-relief in massive gold representing li-aeta and its fortifications. On one side of the city is the Madonna,' on the other St. Januarius. Engraved upon it ate these words, ? To Legitimacy and Honor.' Upon the handle are rubies and emeralds. The steel-' which iB English, is superb, and the sheath the richest description.' ? MEXICO. On the evening of the 14th June, the Patrie published a despatch from Vera Cruz, dated 15th May, stating that the French had had a long and glorious combat before Puebla, in whioh the Mexicans were completely beaten, and that the French were to enter the city the next day. On the following morning the Moniteur- published its version of the news. It flays nothing about the splendid victory. It announces the arrival of the French three mileB from Puebla, and expresses a hope that the inhabitants would declare for the French, and second the attack of General Lo rencez upon the fortress of Guadalupe, which covers the town. It avoids committing itself to any account of the attack on the above fort, but limits itself to Mexican accounts,, which state' I that a vigorous attack was made on Guadalupe' ! oh the 5th of May, but without effect. Both the Patris and Moniteur agree that the French commu nications with Vera Cruz are intercepted. These statements of the official journals have not re assured the public mind; and it may be inferred with certainty that the French treops have suffered a repulse. At first it was said that reinforcements amounting to 6,000 men would be sent ; but it is now known that a much larger force is being got ready. The French Minister of War has asked for a credit of 15,000,000 f,, and the Minister of Marine for 7,000,000 f. The number of men to be sent off at once is 8000 or 10,000, and we can have little doubt that a greater number will be despatched should the resistance of the Mexicans threaten to be lasting. Tne ministers were lately summoned to Fontainebleau, in order that the Emperor may communicate to them his plan for continuing the campaign. A portion of the army of Algeria is to be at once embarked for Vera Cruz. A number of vessels, both ships of war and merchantmen, will be sent out full of troops, and the different ports are actively engaged in making preparations for the new expedition. The expedition is to be under the command of General Forey, who will supersede General Loiencw. TaaEDiTOBand proprietor 'of ~ -the Nation has. brought an action for libel against the editor and proprietor of the Irishman, the alleged libel hav ing been published in connection with the Na tion'* disclo&ures; of the malpractices of the Phaa nix secret society, agents of which society had acoused the Nation of having set the Government oh the scent of the illegal confederacy. The case will be tried at the ensuing term. 