VIbIT OF THE GORGON TO THE Z.»MV BESI UIVER., AFRICA. Mn. PewolI,-of-'Her Majesty's' ship Gorgon, has supplied a iondon.- paper~.with 'some sketches in c nnection with the recent visit; of that ship io thé ZatnheBi River, arid the' following descriptive de- tails of the visit :.'".' l^ ",,'., £ 1. ¿' ', .; ; , ? .'V Leaving the island of Johanna 90 tho 15th of january, under orders to' proce'ed-to tho,Cape, the Gorgon steered for Mozambique, which,she ream- ed ¡on the 10th. While employed coaling d provisioning, a brig hovo in sight.- f lie showfd no colours, and her odd monceuvreacroated a suspicion ?o\ her hoing a slaver.. ¡ She however stood in tor wards us, and proved to bo the Hetty Ellen of Newport, laden with tho sections of a small iron .'steamer, the Lady --Njaasa, intended , for IJr. Livingstone. She bad (also' as. passengers from Natal, Mrs, Livingstone, Mrs. Burrup, Mies Mac .kerizio, tljo Rev. Mr. Hawkins,, and a "Mr Stewart. . Mrs." Livingstone' was jtrj iñg to join her. husband. The rest were m route for the mission station at Mngomero, situated oh the right ba«k of tho i-beri and nndor the charge of Bishop Mackenzie brother to the lady ofthat nome above mentioned. Mrs. Burrup was also making her way to her husband, ?Âvho had -proceded--~Tierlast yiâr ih ',thé ."Gordon,"' 'from the Cape..' As soon\ ns it" waa . known .they were 'inmediately sent for and entertained on bnnrd thejGorgon. They-landed, to-have a look Bt the town. I he Governor phowpd th tm every civility, «ending his, aidc-do-camp to the lah'dipg-placo to receive them, and providing sedans for their ac- commodation. - Those'were very acceptable, as there areno vehicles of any description at Mozara biqhe. The ladies.cnjpyed the trip exceedingly; it. tlnow new life into-them, after having been pent up for more -than six weeks in a miserable little brig pf J200 tons. They hajLli?^ ba.4 weather and hnrd.farerr-prjncipalryjsalt; meat, indifferent' bis- cuit, and bad water, whioh it was at times impossi- ble to drink.' . ' . . 'f From Mozombkjue^wq, proceeded to; Gúil'e-, main, in order, to obtain intelligence of t)r. Living-, 8tone~7Wè~âSchëréCv pff ^ tho,2.0th, a long. way" from', tho shore. . '1 he ; surf mai running so hi¿h on this the worst bar on the coastfthat b~tmta" wcrSTiÖt seritlrrtiirtwpllays'aftor^ when it in some , degree . moderated.'- 'I ho ,boats behaved well and got overall right, and .we roached theitown, situated about fifteen milcf up the river, in-good time. Tho Governor's civility and hos- pitality conld not be exceeded. We had the satisfaction of hearing that the doctor, in his little steamer tho Pioneer, was trying to make his way down tbe Zambesi to reach tho mouth of tho Con gony ; the ' Gorgon, - therefore,-- proceeded there without delay-with-the brig, but on getting off Luabo the Pioneer was discovered at anchor-inside the bar.' Captain Wilson immediately communi- cated, but nearly lost his life and that of the boat's crew, for bis-gig was swamped in going-over. Tho next morning, the doctor .canje out in his steamer, »hen a happy meeting to >k place between him and Mrs. Livingstone ; be had been down some days.snd was anxiously looking out for a man. of-war to provision bim. The members of the expedition^ consisting of Dr. Kirk, . Dr; Meiler, Mr. Charles Livingstone, and Mrs. Gedge, were all well.; From them wo obtained intelligence of Bishop Mackenzie and his party ; they had e;tabliahedthemselves ata. place called Magomero, on the right bank of the River Sheri, about 830 miles from the Congony mouth of the Zambesi, but had unavoidably .come into collision, with the natives in. their, neighbourhood, the-.- j a was. Fortunately all disputes had been settled, and they were on good terms with all up to the time of 'Livingstone leaving them.. - ... "Inconsequence of Dr. Livingstone repre- senting that it was most desirable to get his new steamer the Lady Nyassa up to the Murchison Falls before : the Z.ambssi ; begin to subside, and thereby save twelve months'- delay,. Commander Wilson decided on rendering every assistance in his power iii furtherance of the object in view. Fifty men-and- officers-were told- off,- ormed,- and provisioned for a month, with the intention of their being .employed in discharging the sections of the steamer into tho Pioneer, and accompany- ing tho latter vessel up to the falls. " On the 1st of February, when all was ready, the Pioneer took tho brig and two of the Gorgon's paddle-box boats in tow,"and;steamed over, the Congony bar, and anchored in a Utile way inside the river," when all hands immediately set to work to clear the.Hetty Filen. Placing the sections of the Lady ; -Nyassa,- on ? the- deck - of-the Piotieer, they took np 'every inch of' room and reached hallway op her masis."' Tho work was expeditiously and cleverly performed. A quantity of -the-O. C. D. D. MÍSBÍOD goods was landed be- side the. Portuguese Custom house and placed under tents, it being impossible to carry them up in the-Pioneer, no-other-mode, of transit having been provided. : I " On the 9lh we commenced ascending the river It, was soon discovered that the steamer was tot much immersei; it was with difficulty sh« stemmed the strong current. For .five days she plodded away, till at fast all her emt was expended We, had only .mado ab nit . eighty miles, -Attempts to procura wood were all but useless, the banks of the river thus far being lined with nothing ' but long rank grass, and only here and there.a palm rising like a ghost upon the tame scenery around. A boat.was therefore despatched ahead to try and '? get wood cut at.Chupanga and sent down in canoes. By this aid she was enabled to reach Chupanga, where a part of hei load was put on' shore. Finding it quite irnpos sible to calculate the time, or reckon upon the steamer' reaching the falls at all within the period for which thc,Gorgons were victualled, the paddlo box boats returned to their ship, leaving only the gig, with a party of twelve men and three officers (Commader Wilson, Dr. Kamsay, and Mr. Sowell), behind. These, in two boats, pushed np the Sheri io order to con ;ey Mrs. Burrup and Miss Mackenzie to their mission station. Commander Wilson hud given up a l hope of the Pioneer being able to get up in any reasonable time, tho state oi her engines and wheels . rendering it impossible to get sufficient Bpeed to stem the curre ri t.. On March '4, they reached Chebesa, the nearost phoe to tío station'; there they received the melancholy intel- ligence of the doath of both tho Bishop and Mr. Burrup. Commander Wilson endeavoured to ^communicate with the'station, but, when within a day and a half of tho place, was-struck down by fever and had to be brought back, j Messengers .were, however,, sent on ; when Messrs. ricuda more, - Bowley, and Waller came across the oouotry and met the party. The particulars of the fate of the Bishop and Bunnp wore as fol- lows:-They had endeavoured to reach the Ruo in order to meet these ladies, who -nero oxpocted up tho latter end of January last. On their way down in a canoe they were capsized, ; and lost all their medicines, clothes, &c.; This cccident brought on fover of. which tho bishop died ou January 30, and was buried by Mr. Burrup. He was also attaoked and returned to Chebesa, whence he was carried to the mission station, and breathed his last on February 15. " The Pioneer had discharged all ,her cargo at Chupanga, and the doctor has determined to put the Lady Nyos3a together at that place, tow her np to the Murchison Falls, and 'there take-''her to pieces again.' This'will probably occupy the best part of the season, so that unforeseen circumstances have disappointed all the hopes that were formed -ut first starting.. . , . , «...**??.' . , " The Pioneer brought down the Gorgon's party to the entrance of the river on the 18th, and in- tended returning 1 to Chupanga "with the; rest of the steamer's gear, which had ' been landed on ber first arrival. .Tho Gorgon had been driven away from her anchorage, in. a. gale, and did not return till April 2. After giving the Pionoer all the provisions and stores that ' could be spared, an ! which were calculated to last several months, wo parted company with Dr. Livingstone and his party, .with three hearty cheers, on April d, en route for tho Cape. Tho Gorgon's ship's company has sufferel considbrably. from 'ever, nearly every mao and officer having- been attacked." . -. ? '< ?< ? ? ? ~ : . 