MEN WHO BAVE BEEN RAISED. (From the Sydney Mail, March 8th) CALDWELL AND STEWART. DID you ever see a flying fox? If you didn't its about one of the ugliest varmint as ever you clapped eyes on. They say as its head is very much like the head of the fox in the old country, and that's the reason why they call 'em foxes; if it is, I can only say that a fox is one of the blamedest ugliest things in all creation. They go together, fly together, and camp together, in flocks of thousands, find I've knowed 'em strip the peach orchards for ten miles round in one night. That was in the old time, before the heavy brushes were cleared away round the settlements. They are rum creeturs, and only come out at night, and when they're collecting the flapping of their wings through the brush, and their horrible shrieks, which I reckon they look upon as music, put a poor fellow, who happens to be out in a brush at dusk, very much in mind of a flock of devils just let loose from - you know where - and corroboreeing over some poor sinner, perhaps himself, as they were about to take off with 'em. They're quiet enough all day, and a greenhorn in the bush would never know where to find 'em. They pick upon about the largest and the highest tree as they can find, and there they hang in thousands by the hook on their toes, heads downwards, and their wings wrapt round 'em like blankets. But the main thing, and the thing as made me speak about 'em is, that each one of 'em don't hang on his own hook, but the biggest and the strongest always get the first place, until the tree is full and you think it won't hold no more. But, law, no sooner is the first layer hooked on and comfortably tucked up in their long, leathery wings, then another layer hooks on by their toes to the hooks on the wings of the first lot. They go on hooking on and hooking on till the whole lot is accom- modated, and there they hang in long strings from the boughs like sausages in a butcher's shop. I could tell you a deal more about 'em, but this hooking-on dodge is the thing I want you to notice most par- ticular. I've given my idea of the West Sydney men, so now I'll go to the East Sydney - keeping on the track as near as I can. My next pair of raised men is Caldwell and Stewart. Well, this brings me to the flying foxes. They got their berths by hooking on to Charley Cowper; and there's a good many more besides them as owe their raising only to the same thing. They've been a hooking on and a hooking on to Charley now for the last two or three elections till they hang as thick in the Assembly as the foxes in the brush; and I rather reckon that if the electors don't look out sharp they'll have the whole blessed Cowperite mob hooked on one after the other, 'till there ain't room for no more. Caldwell isn't a bad sort of chap as things go. He ain't nothing in particular, and don't pretend to be it. He don't try on no respectable dodges, but comes in fresh from the shop, smelling of coffee and the grains of sugar on the cuffs of his coat. He can talk a bit, too, when he gets upon a subject he can handle; but he don't speechify, he sermonizes. You'd swear when he'd done, that it wasn't a member of Parlia- ment, nohow, us you'd heard. He don't go into nothing unless he can make a lecture on it, be as to kill two birds with one stone-give his opinion - and say something as'll do the members good. He's a long, thin, hungry-looking customer, with a face as sharp as a hatchet; but the sharpness is all in the face, - there ain't much in his noddle. He always wears his hair close cropped, and it sticks up on end all round his nob, and makes him look, when he takes his seat in the House, as if he'd just met a ghost in the entry, and hadn't recovered from the fright. I should reckon as he had about the same principles as Love, for I see'd him vote exactly as Love did, at the time as I mentioned in my last sketch. He's a good, cosy, soft kind of cove, as is to be talked over to any- thing, that is if you take him with the grain, but like honeysuckle timber, he cuts up blamed rough if you go against the run of the wood. He nearly quarrelled with the Emu Inn men, just at the very last minuit of the last election, about their wanting to work a cross to keep Parkes out; but he has been handled gentler since then, and is now pretty well broke in. I don't want to say nothing hard of Bob Stewart, seeing as he's a countryman of mine; but if he'd really had the respect for the "institutions of the country," as he's always talking about, he wouldn't have gone poking his shallow pate into Parliament, and keeping a better man out. He ain't a bad sample of a native to look at, though he ain't exactly the one I should have picked even for that. I think I could have found a better specimen down about Congewoi - do you take? Well, Stewart ain't too tall, nor he ain't too shott, nor he ain't fat, nor he ain't thin; but he's just a decentish size in length and width, he don't dress in professional black, but comes mostly in tweeds, because its country made and he's a protectionist ; or else because he wants to take the down off of what he's been doing all day, and fancies the black 'll smell too much of the shop. He hasn't got a bad looking mug, perhaps a little dozyish about the eyes, but nothing remarkable so long as he don't push himself forward. But his face is set as hard as if it was cut out of ironbark. There ain't no movement nohow in it. Whether he's indig- nant, or whether he's patriotic, there is always the same face. There ain't no play of muscles, but I set that down to the training the mug has had to do the serious line, so that whenever he's speaking, no mat- ter what it's about, he always looks as if he was heading n procession to the sand hills. But my word, it's when he speaks that he lets people see what a very shallow feller he is. He hammers and stammers at it, till it's hard work to make out what he's driving at, and then it ain't of much value when it is made out. Ten to one if it isn't something as you have heard before much better said by some one else. I must do him the justice to cay that he's got sense enough to know as he is a muff, and keeps himself pretty quiet in the Assembly. But, law, there's very little thanks to him, for he couldn't make a long speech if he tried. Why, they used reg'larly to laugh at him when he went round to the public-houses speechifying at election time; and he used always to take some one with him as could speak, to say a good word for him. How ever they came to hook on two such precious muffs to Charley Cowper I never could make out, nor yet how Charley could be brought to stand it. He is a sharp 'un himself, and must have took their measure in no time. Perhaps he thought that where there was little brains there would be little danger, and that the bigger the fool the easier he'd be led. But he wasn't a good judge, for the more stupid a chap is, the more obstinate he always is. Like a jibbing horse, he won't neither pull nor back, but stick his four legs all wide out, as much as to say, "Here I stand, and I won't budge no way for no one." Perhaps the East Sydney men thought as they had two such everlast- ing bright and clever men in Cowper and Parkes that it wouldn't be safe to send in any very wide- awake coves with 'em for fear of setting the Assembly a fire, or perhaps they couldn't find any men with brains in their head as would do the dirty work they were wanted to do. I recollect when old Andy Bryant was selling off at his place to go away to a station, he took up on the New Country. There was a good few of useful things about the place, but there was a blamed lot of rub- bish that nobody would ha' bought at no price. The auctioneer was a knowing dodger and he guaranteed to Andy to get 'em all off. Well, what does he do, but he puts 'em up something in this way :- " Gen- tlemen allow me to offer you," he was most ever- lasting polite was the auctioneer, "a parlour table and set of second-hand harness." The second-hand har- ness was all green-mouldy and rotten, but a lot of people there wanted the table and they bought it at a long figure on the strength of the harness. "The next lot," says the auctioneer, "as I shall offer you, is six chairs and a quantity of useful ironware." The useful ironware was old horse shoes and broken bolts and rusty nuts and screws, as Andy had been collecting for twenty years without ever being able to make use of 'em. But the chairs sold 'em, though the buyer took home a load that 'ud never be no good to him. By ringing 'em in in this way with the things as people wanted, everything was cleaned out at a good figure. Now that's just what I reckon has been done by the chaps that have the Sydney elections all to them- selves. They'd got a stock of politicians on hand, that had been put off and put off with a promise of being hooked on at sometime or other until they wouldn't be put off no longer. Well, these chaps knew it was no good to offer men, as ignorant as a bundle of stone-hammers, by themselves. The electors wouldn't have 'em at no price; so, having got a tidy lot to offer in Cowper and Parkes, they just take the auctioneer's plan, "and clap a lot of rubbish with 'em; and so Caldwell and Stewart are hooked on to Charley Cowper on one of the branches of the great Parliament tree. It was a very wide-awake little job, but it am t a new one. These same chaps have played the same game at every election, since they bunched poor old Plunkett out of Sydney. They've acted honourable to their party, for they've put in a good few of 'em. in this way. But they've used up all their best men, and this last time they've got rather low down on their list to make a choice- so low, that I reckon the electors wouldn't have stomached them if it hadn't been for Jack Robertson getting up the southerly buster as he did, and blowing the dust of Free Selec- tion into their eyes, so as they couldn't see clear-no way. However, that's blow'd over now, and if the men of Sydney East ain't ashamed of the two ninny- hammers as they've put in, I pity them, that's all. J. SMITH. Congewoi, Lower Hawkesbury. MURDER AT YANDOIT. - The Mount Alexander Mail says" - About a year ago, an old man named Hamp- shire, well known as a newspaper runner, and as keeper of a store distinguished as the Four L's Store at Yandoit, was robbed in the bush near his own resi- dence, and stripped of even his clothes by three thieves. They were ultimately apprehended, tried, convicted, and sentenced to two years' imprisonment. They vowed they would have revenge on the prosecu- tor, but no attention was paid to their threats. On Wednesday last it was observed that Hampshire's store was not opened as usual, and as it remained closed on Thursday, a forcible entrance was resolved on and effected. It resulted in the discovery of Hnmpshite's body dead, and frightfully mutilated. He had been murdered. On one side of his head waa the mark of a heavy blow ; a pistol bullet had penetrated his skull, which had also been cloven perpendicularly by a spade. It was plain that murder and not plunder merely was the object of the perpetrators, for the property in the store was apparently undisturbed, and there was cash in the till and in the pockets of the deceased man. It has been stated that the three men whom he was the means of convicting, as abovementioned, have escaped from Pentridge, and suspicion, therefore, has fallen on them. There has not, however, been any public report of such an escape having been effected. If the thieves are at liberty, it is probibly owing to their having received tickets-of-leave, but we were in- formed on Saturday that they were still in confine- ment. If it should turn out that they have been re- leased, it is only natural that they should first fall under suspicion of having committed the atrocious crime. The deceased was sixty-four years of age, and has a wife and family living at Leeds in York- shire. THE GULPH GOLD FIEELD. - Our accounts from these diggings are of a most flattering character. A thirty-eight ounce nugget was got at Deep Creek last week, and it appears to bs without a doubt that larger yields may be anticipated. - Braidwood Observer of Wednesday. STICKING-UP IN ROCKHAMPTON. - John Hogin, a shepherd, from Banana, whilst coing through the town the other evening, about eight o'clock, was stopped by two men who represented themselves as constables, and who stated that they were instructed to apprehend him. Hogin told them where he lived, and asked them to come up as he had then some meat in his hands which he had just purchased from the butcher's. The men struck him twice in the face, inflicting a slight scar, and en- deavoured to pick his pockets ; a struggle ensued, and Hogin shouted for the police, whereupon the men bolted without accomplishing their object. Hogin had four or five pounds in his pockets at the time. This is the first case of the kind that has occurred in the town. - Rockhampton Bulletin. METEOROLOGICAL PHENOMENON. - A few evenings ago two gentlemen residing at North Deniliquin wit- nessed what appeared to them to be a very singular meteorological phenomenon. The meteor, which was of a red colour and similar in form to a star of the first magnitude, made its appearance at about nine p.m., in a south-westerly direction. The motion of the light was most extraordinary, the star ascending and descending, and occasionally gyrating in a very peculiar manner, "just as if," says our informant, " it were dancing a polka."- Pastoral Times. THE BATHURST ASSIZES. - The Bathurst Free Press of Wednesday publishes the following list of prisoners for trial at the Bathurst Circuit Court on the 10th in- stant (Monday), before Mr. Justice Wise, viz. : - James Kelly, Mudgee, murder ; William Costagan, Enland, murder ; Bull Frog (aboriginal), Condo- bolin, murder ; Francis Elliot, Wentworth dis- trict, murder ; Isaac Spooner, Carcoar, assault with intent to murder; Henry D. M'Donald, John Nesbitt, and Peter Rigby, Forbes, assault and robbery ; Samuel Harris, Forbes, larceny ; John Jones and Thomas Walker, Forbes, assault and rob- bery ; Michael Murray, Rylstone, rape nnd robbery ; Owen Grady, Bathurst, horse-stealing ; Archibild Munroe, Forbes, stealing money ; James Wright, Carcoar, rape; William Ord, Bathurst, uttering forgery ; John Peisley, Carcoar, murder ; Charles Schofield, Bathurst, horse-stealing and larceny ; Henry Dwyer, Forbes, attempt at roberry; Henry Newman, Condobolin. cattle-stealing Daniel Evans, Forbes, larceny ¡ William Giles, Forbes, stealing money ; William M'Gee, Bathurst, saddle.stealing ; . Richard Norris, Hartley, horse-stealing ; John Wal- lace, Bathurst, horse-stealing. Twenty-five prisoners, besides bail cases. FREE SELECTION. - Wednesday's Goulburn Chro- nicle says :-Within the two months during which the Land Act has been in operation, the quantity of land taken up under the free selection clause in this district has been 13,675 acres. Taking sixty acres as the average area of the allotments, we have thus nearly three hundred farms settled upon, or in course of being settled upon, by bona fide cultivators, in the neighbourhood of Goulburn. Whether free selection is to prove ultimately a grand success or not, there can be no doubt from the facts we have given that a considerable number of the population here have shown an eagerness to avail themselves of its provisions, which, at least, augurs well for its future working. - The Yass Courier of the some date reports that there were but few appli- cants on Tuesday, for land under the thirteenth clause.-The Braidwood Dispathe of the 5th says, says :-The following applications were made to the agent yesterday :- John Clarke, forty acres of land in the county of Murray, situated on the west of the Shoalhaven River. Charles Snow, of Uraduck, for 100 acres, in the county of Murray, situattd four miles north-east of Larbert. William Jones, for forty acres, in the county of Murray, situa- , ted on Boro Creek. MERRI MERRIi. - MAGISTERIAL ENQUIRY. - A correspondent reports :-Mr. G. R. Maclean, J.P., held an investigation on the 10th ultimo, at the Gumhole, Nedgera Creek, district of Bligh, touching the death of a boy named William Martin, formerly in his employ, whose friends are supposed to live near Canterbury (a few miles out of Sydney), who was found drowned in the Nedgera Creek, on the 14th. From the evidence, it seems the boy was out after cattle with Mr. M'Cauly's superintendent, and that they parted at the Nedegra Creek, one going up and the other down, to find a good crossing-place, as the creek was high. Mr. James (Mr. M'Cauly's superintendent) had not gone more than 200 yards when he saw the boy's horse come out of the water without either saddle or rider. He cantered up and could only see the boy's hands above water, but they were sinking fast. Mr. James took his trousers and boots off as fast as he could and jumped in, but the poor boy never rose again. The body was recovered about two hours after by Mr. Campbell. It was entangled in a log at the bottom of the creek. Mr. Maclean was of opinion the boy was drowned by accident, and that Mr. James did what he could to save him. REAPING MACHINES. - The Warrnambool Examiner of Friday last devotes a whole column to the reaping and threshing machines now at work in that district. Five of them are, it seems, getting through sixty acres of wheat a-day on an average ; and, in remarking on their advantage to the district, that journal says: - " We rejoice to find our agriculturists so alive to their own interests as to import this description of machinery. It is only by such means that farming can be made to pay in this district. This is partly the cause of the great success of the Ade- laide farmers. It has often been wondered that the farmers in this district cannot make their avocation pay with an average of from twenty-seven to thirty bushels of wheat per acre, whilst the Adelaide farmers appear to thrive with an average of from nine to thirteen bushels per acre. The difference of the wages or the cost of the land in the two colonies would scaroely account for this, but we can well understand that despatch in getting the crop in, and cheapness in reaping it, would. Ever since we have resided in this district, - fifteen years ago, «hen nearly all the now cultivated land was in its natural state,-we have seen the farmers subjected to most shameful extortion in the matter of labour. We have known them to pay from 25s. to 45s. per acre for reaping, with almost a hogshead of turn consumed on a large farm during the reaping time. If the weather turned suddenly hot, and the crops re- quired immediate reaping, we have known the most exorbitant rates demanded, and have seen the unfor- tunate farmer obliged to succumb, for fear of losing all. We have no desire to see the labouring man placed in a position of dependence, or deprived of his just earnings - the labourer is worthy of his hire ; but the day has gone by when the farmer can afford to submit to the exorbitant demands he has been sub- jected to for many years past ; and it is only by the aid of machinery that he will be placed in the position he ought to be." 