. .. j . . . -. The Ballaahat Ranoeiis. — At.flvoo'olook on; Fritlny ''ovoning. tlio Balliinrnt: Volnntcor Riflo Rangers mustered in considerable ttitm- bers at tho Camp, and, undnr-tlia direotion of Major Wallnco, woro. put tliroiigli somo ordi- nary.mantcuyres i'Tliey were then mnreheti in fours to tlio Ballaarat Cnoket Ground. On their arrival at. that place the corps marched' pest, tlie commanding officer at' quick time. "This having been repeated again and again, a body of tkirtiiishors were thrown out with supporting parties. Ten rounds' of blank cartridges- wore fired off in theso exercises, which were tolorably well performed. The oorp9 'wns -thon marched back in fours to tlio Cdmp, wlioro, tlio members wcro addressed by tho Commanding Officer relative to the arrangements mndo for tiio transit of them selves and baggage to the camp at tlie Werribee. - Thoy wcro also seriously warned ugainst excesses whilo in uniform, either ut tiio camp or elsowhorc. If all goos on as at present, our local corps promises to mnko a very good figure at the Werribee, both as to numbers nnd discipline. — Ballaarat Star, 12ih April. Coring Meat. — In Mortons Cgclopiedia of Agriculture, Mr. Ewort gives Bomc valuable receipts for preserving meat. For rounds of beef and logs of mutton to be lumg, lie recom mends lib. salt, Jib. sugar, and £oz. pnwdorcd 6nltpetro. This mixture will be sufficient. for 141b,. and should bo well rubbed into (he meat, which ought to lie in a tub for threo or four weeks, and be turned twico n week. After this tho hams must bo lightly bound with conrse linen tape, and hung in a kitchen where ihore is a fire for at least threo weeks. For pickling or curing meat for family use, it is recommended to tako 61b. of salt, 2.b. of fine sugar, 3oz. saltpetre, tod 3 gallons of spring water. The brine Bhould then bo gontly boiled, and ns long iu any scum rises it must be carefully removed, and when quite cold poured over the meat till every part is covered. -a A Raced Man. — Some two or threo months since, a> a lady was walking up Hargrava street,, in- tho dusk of tho evening, a. nuked .. .. man suddenly mado his appearance, near tho Savings' Bank. The same, or another, waa seen .by several individuals on tho same and " two consrcutivo nights, at different parts of Ilia ; ' town. On Saturday night last, a naked man ; waB again seen near tho corner of Dovoton and . : 7 Barker streets. A poor woman passing, sud denly met him, and was, ns may naturally bo expected, well nigh frightened into file. Haviug " communicated the circumstance to the first man i she afterwnrds met, and directed liiin to the place, ha likewise saw him, but failed in his en- deovour to capture, from tlio lightness of foot' of the ricked one. The audacious scoundrel, it t seems, afterwnrds knocked at Ecvcral doors of - > dwellings at tho upper ond of lfnrgravo street-, , occupied by unprotected ones. Surely a littlo wcll-nircctcd exertion on tho part of the polico . _ would put an end to such unseemly occur- , rcnccs. Tho madness that would prompt n ) mnn to exposo himself naked on a public thoroughfare, during a bitter cold night liko that of Saturday last, would bo quite sufficient reoson for well-grounded fear in any eouqd y mind. Some three years ago tlio samo thing occurred frequently. The naked ono was then culled a ghost, and the novelty of tlio tiling excited a groat amount of superstition, wonder, 8th April. Shocking and Fatal Accident. — A mnn nnmod David Murphy, residing near Grass- mere, son of tho well-known farmer, Murphy, met his death on Tuesday last under tlio following circumstances : — The week before last ho was at Ararat witli his team of bullocks, and on coming out of a yard ono of the , bullocks kicked iiim, und knocked trim down, ; .when the dray went over his leg, smashing it ubovo tho nnclo- Ho refused lo stay in Ararat, hut expressed a wish to como home, nnd, with three other dreys belonging to this district, s'arted on his journey homeward. What appears very singular, however, is tlrat poor Murphy says ho was loft alono by his com panions whan about eleven miles from homo, for ho was found in (ho bush in a dreadful state of suffering and cxIraHstion. He was convoyed home, nnd Dr. Clnrko immediately Bout for, who mndo preparations for amputat ing 'the - leg, lis the only chance of saving Murphy's life, but before tlio operation could :, lako placo mortification had set in, and the unfortunate mnn expired on Tuesday last. — Warrnamhool Examiner, 11th April. - Quautz Mining in Gipts Land. — Wo havo heard a good deal tho last two years about this branch of gold mining, but hitherto, so far as. Gipps Lund is concerned, it tins been all talk, what wo were to. see in somo unde fined future, nnd eo on ; at last tlio business , Iras assumed something like life and activity the first instalment of machinery for the noddle Rungo Quartz Reef was landed yesterday ill the shape of un eight stumper machine. Tlie j liskjund. responsibility of importing machinery of this character .is very great, and we shall but ' ' titlei the. wish of all our readers when wo say — — " May tlio, proprietors meet with a speedy and ainplo remuneration," a rewurd they richly descp'o for their stedfast and continued perse verance, Few people would believo tlie amount of labour and money expended on Uoddlo . .. Ranges unless they actually bbw tho extensive ' « undertaking. — Q inns Land Guardian, lltll April. "" A' Hint to Agents op Vessels. — Every artiolo of export sent from Warrnambool ia an , , ' additional ! fact of tho extent of our resources,1 ' and I should bo mado known to tlio public through the local papers. Wo havo heard of - four; cwt. of tobacco, und Bis tons of onions, lately eent away in one of the coasters by o farmer, which did not appear in tho list of cargo tent away. How tlie items may appoar- nttentibn moro to' their quality tlran anything : ( elso.< If it was known that tobacco, for in- j stance, was oxported from Warrnambool, pro bably- somo Melbourno purchasers-might be- — induced- to turn their. attention more to. .this ' < market. - Wo would beg to impress upon the 1 stoamers' .agent tho noccssity of furnishing us ( witli aJist of. cargo tliey.tako fromliero. Every ... , week soinpthiug goes,, but tho , public hear,,, notlling of it—lFarrnamlool Examiner, 11th ., April. ". .... 1 Striking 'and Shocking Revelations. — tA cobo of ulloaod'rqbbory at Clunes turned up " iii- thV Oiremt Court .yesterday, with soma riith'cr striking revelations. The prosecutor wns | ono! Llo welly ri .ThoniaB, who said he had , been invited into a tent by tho prisoner's wifo ior mistress, and tlrat while tliore she'put out tlio lightj tho prisbrier rushed in and oommitted -tlio robbery; Tiio .woman wos culled, however, . and! sho swore tlrat' Thomas bnd been in tho tent' boforo. nnd hoard her husband was going to a night shift, and that Thomas came and soliditcd her, sho complied, and the prisoner caught them in their guilt and bundlod -tho prosecutor out of tho (cut, getting hold of .his wnlqli chair, in the scufllo. Mossrs. Barton and Wright volunteered for the defence, and tlio, prisonor was acquitted, but not till the jury- hud deliberated a long whilo and had retired to consider tlieir verdict.— Ballaarat ' Star, 12tli April. , , , . '.1 Pkioh.op Produce. -As an instancb bf the' prieo farmers can' obtain' by 'looking' after their own' interests, we can slnto positively that one of ihom Bont a few tons of onions to Melbourne. ' the other day, and .entrusted . theiri 'with -liis J ',f . son,' a lad somo fifteen' years'of age. A 'iett'or A was received by last moil stating tlmfc the :'l onions had been sold for LIS 10s per ton. Tho . market prieo in'Warrnambool L L10 per ton. Warrnamhool Examiner, 11th April." 