VICTORIAN MEMS. Accounts of tho circulation of tlie forged notes, to which we have directed the attention of the public for two days past, continue to come in with alarming rapidity not only from persons who have been swindled in Melbourne, but from the country districts. Henry Smith, the man already in custody on the charge of uttering several of the forged notes on the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Hank, was brought up at the City Court yesterday, and further remanded for seven days.— Argus. The Ararat Advertiser has been requested to mention an example of Chinese liberality which lately occurred at the Four. Posts, Deep Lead, Pleasant Creek. It appears that a Mr. John Colgate un for tunately had a valuable horse killed on the night of the 3rd of April, by falling down an abandoned shaft and — a number of — Chinese — hearing ^ of — his — loss, , Tolun- — tarily came forward and subscribed the sum ot ±6, so as to enable him to purchase another. This speaks well for the Mongolians, and proves, at least, that some of them are possessed of one Celestial quality. On Sunday evening his Honor Judge Cope just escaped being burnt out at Beechworth. It appears that a beam, lying directly under the fire-place of his sitting room had, by some means or other, got ignited. Smoke had previously been observed to issue from somewhere in the neighbourhood, but on Sunday evening there was so much smoke given fortlv in the nursery, that an investigation was deemed imperative. On looking into the matter it waB found that the beam aforesaid was completely charred, and that the fire had spread, and but for timely discovery might have burst, forth and enwrapped the whole premises. —Ovens Constitution. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Tribune, apropos of the appointment of the Attorney General to conduct the " Privilege" case says " By the resolution of the House of Assembly, Mr. Ireland has got tho best case that, probably, any lawyer may get for a long tune, and just the one to suit him. AVbichevcr-party wins, the loser will take it before the Privy Council, and what does Richard Davis Ireland desire more than this—to go home with plenty of money to pay all expenses, nnd plead the cause of the Victorian Assembly in the mother country ?" It is gratifying to know that, notwithstanding many are leaving us for the Lachlan, we still have remaining those who are able to turn our mineral resources to o very profitable account. Yesterday we inspected several hundred weight of tin deposited at Mr. John Taylor's, Ford-street, awaiting to bo transmitted to Messrs. McEwcn and Co., Melbourne. The ore was smelted at the works of Messrs. Gregory, Kcid's Creek, and is a first class Bample of tin. We believe about half a ton will bo despatched in tho course of the ensuing week.— O. and 31. Advert'u On Friday last, Dr. BadcliQe was called upon to attend a case ' of poisoning, occasioned by eating Murray Biver trout. On Saturday lie liad two more cases, and two on Sunday. The symptoms, were a difficulty in breathing, and a sense of suffocation. Portions of the body were swollen and covered with rash. He prescribed emetics, which afforded immediate relief. He states that it is dangerous to use certain kinds of fish during tho breeding season. —Inglemood Advertiser. A letter has been received from Dr Cairns stating that if other arrangements permitted be would visit the Ovens during the present month. The Distillation Bill lias now been printed, and is comprised in one hundred and sixty-nine clauses, and thirteen schedules. There is no chance, therefore, of its being passed this session, and there will be plenty of time to examine its contents. The prerogative of mercy has been exorcised in the case of the unhappy convict Haig, who was sentenced to death for the murder of his paramour at Bcndigo, and now lies in the Melbourne gaol. His sentence has been commuted to imprisonment for life, the first three years in irons. The sndden death of an old and well-known Victorian, occurred the other day at Tuapeka. V c allude to Dr. L. M. Quinlan, some time coroner at Dunolly, who died suddenly of disease of the heart. An inquest was held on the body by Major Croker. The following weighty arguments in favour of tectotalism are supplied to the Ballarat Star by its Brown Hill correspondent.:—" Three ladies, teetotallers, were weighed the other day in the Temperance Store, and were found to weigh no less than 600 lbs. together. The heaviest of the three has been a teetotaller for thirty years, and the lightest a total abstainer for tlie shortest period, namely, three years. In tho Legislative Council tlie Governor's Salary Bill was passed. Mr. Mitchell, in moving (lie second reading, referred to the allowances made to the governors of other colonies, for the purpose ol'showing that even the reduced salary proposed was superior to that of many other governors of important colonies. Another considerable shipment of wheat and flour was made lade to Liverpool by the Marco Polo last week, namely, 8,172 bags of the former, and 1,917, sacks of the latter. The Susser too has taken 460 bags of wheat to London. We hope ,tho Weekly Dispatch, which represents tliis colony as being in a statc of destitution, and our "miners in Melbourne" eating bread made from South American flour because we have none of our own, will be able to form a more correct notion -of our real condition, ^ rt8 llave been brought up from the Elections ^Qualifications Committee, stating that the comndttee found that Mr. David Beid was not duly J v ^ ^ ^ John 0rr wfl8 du)y electea for ^ tho Murray; that ^ il,„ the „, opposition „r of tlio the ot sitting tinrr member (Mr. Beid) was vexatious, and that, in the opinion of the committee, leave should be given to Mr. Beid, or other persons entitled,to question the election of Mr. Orr within fourteen days. The Age says that the libel action entered by Dr Bowie against "the Argus, has been allowed to go by default. The damages were kid at something like £5.000. Since the opening of the railway the influx of travellers to'Ballarnt has produced a healthy reaction in the busincsB matters of our hotel-keepers, many of whom have been put to considerable straits to provide suitable accommodation for their patrons. On Thursday night the principal hotels wore crowded, and we have heard of as many as six persons sleeping in one bedroom, whilst some half-dozen persons were obliged to content themselves with whatever impromptu accommodation could be got up for the occasion. Some of our hotel-keepers, alive to their own interests, and the comfort of the travelling public, have resolved on enlarging their premises to meet the exigencies of the times.—Sallarat Star. Mr Spiers, so well known in connection with the All England cricketers, proceeded home by the last mail, to°uegociatc eome new grand speculation. On Saturday night, at 11 o'clock, a fire broke out in the galley of the steamer Queen, which is at present on Wright's patent slip, at Williamstown. The flames, thanks to tbe vigilance and energy oftha Water police, speedily subdued, and but little damage was done. An inquiry was held on Saturday at tbe Volunteer Office before the colonel and staff officers or the Volunteer force into certain charges made by the noncommissioned officers of the 1st St. Kilda Company ogainst their captain, Mr. Nash. The proceedings, wliich were of course perfectly private, were not cond *M the Circuit Court, at Ballarot. Patrick Phelan, a Warrenlieip former, was brought before the court to receivesentence for fraudulent insolvency. Sevml persons gave prisoner a general .good character. His Honor, in passing sentence on the p™oner, severely animadverted on the crime of which be had been found guilty, but, taking into consideration the recommendation to mercy of tbe jury and the good character the prisoner had received, he would only sentence him to eighteen months imprisonment, witb bard labour. , , /..on. The equanimity of tlie good people of bouth Portland has been much disturbed for some fame by the eccentric doings of a reputed ghost. ghost in question chooses as the scene of his perambulations tbe locality of the little bridge, by the Botanic Garden, where drrased in a white sheet and sometimes on ail fours, his delight is to frighten passera by and uarticularlo women and children. Parties of men and bora have been in chase for some evenings past, and the police bavc been on the look out but hitherto the ghost has escaped by his remarkably fast running and by leaping over the Botanic Garden fence. A man must be hard up for amuseme to so reprehensible a practical joke.— nt to have resort Portland Guard- ? "a married woman at Bichmond died undo- painful circumstances. Her husband was absent at work for days together and the neighbors not eeang her broke op£n the door and found her dying in childbed. The statue of Mr. Wentworth has teen placed in its position in the hall of Sydney University, and will be formally inaugurated -at^ te annual commemoration on the 17th May- It is desenbedasa noble piece of sculpture, and gives a Cuthful por- 1 traiture of the original 