_ BOAT EXPEDITIOS^JÜir^^-ßai!, ZAMBEZI. VJS Jp Tra Cupe Monthly, publtibi'' theiSth __ayf conains a narrative if the u ca; occurrences at the Zambezi. . An account ¿F the vicissitudes" ?L ! the Gorgon's boat expedition , up théí tlvír is srrMen'ly from 4he-rten- of--oiia of. the. officers-of ... Her . Majesty's., steamer,. and will render cur waders fully au cowra wt with the progress of . sjfiairs :-. _. ' ! Leaving the island of Jihanca on tba 16th of January,' 1862, under order to proceed to the Cape, we steered for Mozambique, which we reacbed oh the lOtb, and commenced coaling and ; prc(visioning." While so employed a brig hore in _sight i.shejhQW.e_d_no, colouraj ..and her odd ma- nca-res created the suspicion ft ^ She; however/stood in towards us ; Bhe proved to be the Hetty Ellen, of Newport, laden with the as-ions of a small iron steamer for "Dr. Living atone, and carrying as passengers Mrs. Burrup, Miss Mackenzie, the Kev. Mr. Hawkins, and others, who were proceeding to join the mission station, at Msgomero; situated on the right bank \- of the' Shira Biver,«, near Chilisa. The first lady's Irnabarii bad taken a passage for Johanna with us Veen» month's ..before,, and Miss .Mackenzie's ? iwotfcer, who ia the Bishop < in.charge, had pre ceded her hy some months- also. Mrs.^ Living atone was likewise on board, going to join her husband in ? the . Zambezi. The moment we aBerfairied thÍ3, we sent'for 'tbe ladies, &c;, and entertained them as best we could. They were \- much pleased- to find, themselves ' amongst us. . They.had been nearly two months pent np in that-dirty little brig. Tho account they gave of their passage from Natal made us pity them very much ; they had no fresh provisions, ^anct for ' some time had been reduced to salt meat and bis- cuits, with bad water, which often was so stinking that they- could not touch it- Poor Miss Mac .keízíe's flutet, remarks amused'^rne 'very much when she innocently said, "I thought I liked salt meat, but I got quite tired of it ; it took the skin off the roof of my mouth." '. t 1 'On the' 22nd, we' left for ' Quillimane with the brig in 'tow. Before leaving, the ladies landed, and were very !. civilly treated by, the Governor, whoisent ln'8 aide-de-camp to meet > them ort^ land- ing, . with' sedan chairs. They were delighted ~ with' all they 'saw, and* resembled school girls let out. for. therholidays. i Beached Quillimane on the 26th; anchored'a:long way off ¡the shore/'.! Th?, har here is the'heaviest and most dangerous along the coast; the'sea'was breaking right across it most wickedly. As we-wèçé. desirous of obtaining intelligence of Dr. Livingstone, we determined; to , go over, .and a party ,was made up of, four officers . besides myself in two boats. , When we left the ship ' we entertained ominous visions of upsetting on the ' bar. . About'án hour, aiter( leaving the ship wë began to' fjgej'sympfomaof being altai to the ; bar. Oar neryeB .'were soon put to the test by finding '.' çjiirselveg' inthé''midst of huge breakers. ''They were very "formidable and ugly ,10 look at as they , eenie roaring and breaking towards you. It was \- quite a sight to see each boat rising alternately high abovo the other on the crest of the waves. .. We got over, all right, and then ,had to look into the brandy-bottle to > keep ourselves up to meet the -ppopotami. Fifteen miles from the entrance brought us to the town, where we met" with"every attention from the Governor and others. Hère we Beard that Dr. Livingstone was making his way down the Zambezi, and trying to get to the mouth of the Kongone. We were glad to learn this, for it settled our future movements. I had Borne sport with the hippopotami. Instead of'finding - them stupid and clumsy, they pi o ved quite the contrary, being both active and hrktsh ; the huge brutes would come up snorting above water,, and gambol like ¡young deer. One -I struvk with a minie. balli jumped clean ' out of- the water, and plunged in "y bead j .over heels .. with' , a ? ¿prodigious. ~ ¿plash. !( ", They 'are : '. véry wary after lteing fired nt. If killed they sink at-once to the bottom ; in about six hours they'rise and float down the stream, when they are secured, and the , teeth, which are the most valuable . ivory, are ex- tracted. ,' Un returning to '.the Bhip, we found the tar more tranquil. Left the next day. for tbe 5_oogonè." When plï the Luabo. mouth .of the Zambezi, we perceived a small steamer inside the kar; she proved to be Dr. ' Livingstone's, the "T^ioiieêr. " OaptainTj Wilson communicated that «vening, but nearly lost his life, find! that of the crew-for hts gig was swamped in going over. The Eoctor- enme-out with-his little steamer the following morning,' when a happy meeting took place-.between himself and his cara sposa. Dr. Livingstone, "Mrs, Livingstone, land.the other members- consisting of-Kirk, Dr. Muller, and Charles 1 Livingstone-T^c ¡me on board of us. From, them we heard of Bishop Maokeiizie and his .party. " They report them as in rather an, awkward position, having had raws with the natives round about ; the; had even come to fighting. Livingstone ' was most anxious tb get his steamer put together ' aa soon cs possible, and get her up to,the Mur- chison Falls before the river subsided. In con- sequence of his representations and, request for assistance, Captain Wilson made tip bis mind to remain and help him ; and also to conduct the aaiasion party to their destination - across a part of äte country said to be hostile to them. A party cf fifty men and officers was told off, armed and provisioned for a month. ; I was one, and was delighted at the opportnnity of getting a peep at the interior. When all was ready,. we embarked in the Pioneer, and entered the Zambezi , at the Kongone mouth, with tbe brig in tow, and anchored ' a little way inside ; remained there six days un- loading the brig of tho steamer's sections and the mission goods. The sections of the Lady Nyassa, which is to be the steamer's name, were put into the Pioneer. They took up every atom of space, and reached halfway up the masts, which im \- mersed the vessel so much, that-she was hardly able to steam when, required. We put all the mission goods under tents before leaving ; but a ' nantity had to be disposed of to prevent entire loas. Once laden with as much as it was safe to cram in, we started with our two paddle- box boats m tow, to try and reach the ~ Falls. On our way passed and stopped at several villages to purchase jowls and such things. The natives came down in crowds to the .banks, and saluted us as we "pa~ed~byr¿-clapping their hands together three ' times, producing a hollow sound which I in vain tried (o imitate ; they were more civil than most others I had fallen in with. Money in this part of the world is of no value ; the current coin is cotton cloth, which is more prized. It takes some time to make one's self acquainted with its value ; all is barter. A fowl is given for about eight inches, a goat for six feet, eggs about six inches a dozen, and so on. I found it very amusing work, aad often, for the mere fun, would squabble a few minutes for the increase of about the eighth of an inch in the measurement. A fa th em they BMBsured by stretching the arms. At one. placel was done, for they brought down a man with the longest arms I ever saw7 and would only barter by bis standard ; he stretched nearly half a. .yard more than I could. I was obliged to give in.: . The river is very shallow inparts, with strong carrent ; this renders the navigation very difficult : tinually with» - Id water ; no one contd stay dow more",tTiarT aTñíiTnteatTrthrie; -When repaired^ we went, makin? but little progress against tl strong current. At last our coals were expende We were not more than ninety miles up~. Wot was so scarce along the hanks that it iras impo sible to procure more than sufficed for an "hour i two's consumption. I, therefore, volunteered I push ahead in a whale-boat, and get natives to ct down wood some miles up and send it down i canoes. . I accordingly started with Dr. Kirk, < the Pioneer. After much l.ibour, we reached, place called Mazirro, where a half caste Portages resides named Papl Mariano. I walked up to h house from the landing-place ; the heat was so ir tense while passing through the long grass that was "all I could do to keep from fainting. ,r »When reached the house I saved myself by pouring col water on my head. He gave us a hearty1 we come, and furnished my boat's crew with prov sions. f ;, - - " ., ', From this I went on to Mozzàro, a little, fill ther up, and was met by the owner and onl resident, except/ slaves, a Signor Vienna,' a Pot tugúese. Here I got wood and :sent it down t the ship. 1 had an opportunity cf witnessing bona fide pative dance at the next place I stoppe at. About a hundred natives were collected tc gether, standing or sitting in a semicircle, abou a dozen beating tom-toms, some playing on a kin of .clarionet which sent'forth,a sound much lit the bag-pipes, others clapping their hands am singing, whi'e up would start a couple of mei dressed in wild beast skins and every device tha could '.' make' them .hideous., 'These ,would g through extraordinary mansauyres pothers wouli imitate ? an engagement with bows arid' arro WE ad'ancing, 'retreating, 'and dodging imaginar, implements thrown' at them.' They would noi and then rash up to us.most fiercely, and tr; and make us start or show) some symptoms c Surprise or fear, but ' we were notu to be. barn boozled. While: this wa3 going on/a tiger cam out of ,the,jungle close to us, and walkeo%ff wit a good large pig., The . row pqor.pbrco' made made one inclined to rush to his rescue ; but it'wa too dark to' afford him assistance/ so He had to b left |to, 'his fate. I went on from''this to Cht panga," about ten milea.off. After collecting woo enongh~to bring the ship up so'farj^I'retraced, m; steps, but had not gone more than fifteen mileî when I.met the gig, containing Captain" Wilson Dr. Ramsay, Mrs. Burrup, and Miss Mackenzie " Come " along/! old . fellow,"/, shouted. Captai] Wilson, '," I'm off to' thé mission station wit] the ladies i the, Pioneer" can't get. any fnrthèi I have ' ten days' - provision : forr both i boats, am" told we shall reach it in four." - < I doubtet very much, and-1 was right, as the 'sequel« wil show. 1 turned my boat'B bead round and fol lowed. ' Our first night , was spent in'tlje boats Ute ladieslookód pretty frosh the' next morning I had forebodings of discomfort, forJ none of m; crew bada change of clothing. 1 had byt anothe: shirt and trousers. ? But there was nothing for A but to put on a good face, and take things ai easy as they came. We got ' up,' early", the nex day to Chupanga, where we landed, and pitched i tent under' the tehade of some mango , trees^madi breakfast, and prepared ? to . enjoy a siesta., pre- paratory to making a fresh start, when we we» visited, by a Kafir chief, accompanied , by abou twenty of his followers. They were ty wild look ing set of fellows, wearing skins round their loins and feather ornaments , on their heads ; besidei gewgaws, each,carried the well-knowrn assega and knob-kerrie. They sea'ed-themselves a' once opposite tons in a- semi-circle,'a nd ap peared much amused at our civilisation. Miss Mackenzie spoke a little Zulu, so that we got on .very well with them. They Were shown man j things of European manufacture, such as watches, glasses, compasses, ¿tc., which they wondered .at ¡ but'nothing caused them so much; astonishment as the ladies'hair. Seeing them scrutinising ii yery closely, but hot intrusively, we got qne_ ol the ladies to let her hair down for their inspec- tion, when they at once set up a whoop and., kept calling out haw ! haw ! We tested their:skill in throwing their spears by fixing np a piece - of meat against a tree. I was much disappointed with their practice ; it was anything but what I expected Though only twenty or thirty yards off, not one of them could hit it ; the headman went the nearest; and was awarded the mutton. We tied pieces of ribbon round their necks and arms, which pleased them exceedingly, and off they marched in single file headed by their chief, who had been garnished with one of our waistcoats. They are a fine set of fellows, much superior to the natives around them, whom they keep in good order. They lay claim to the land on their. side bf the river, and levy rather a heavy tribute from, the natives and others who reside there, never failing^'to come in for their, " little bills;' the moment they are due. Ifthe tribute be not forthcoming, they do not hesi I tate to walk off with fowls, cattle, or anything else they can lay their hands on, and not unfrequently I kidnap the people themselves. They, stand very little nonsense. The same afternoon we left this place and pushed for the Shire, a river branch- ing off from the Zambezi about one hundred and twenty to one hundred and thirty miles from its month. We had great work to steer against tbe current ; a heavy squall of wind and rain helped us upfandwat us through for the night. -Here, commencedthe winter of our discontent,"-all bands soaking ; consequently a most uncomfortable night was passed. No,amount of pipes could alter the aspect of affairs. To the male part it mattered little,-we were all pretty well seasoned. But the ladies were by no means to be envied. Notwithstanding, daylight found them cheerful ; they were beginning to get used to tho hard boards of the boat. I managed to shoot some fine black geese and a splendid fish eagle, measuring seven feet from tip to tip of wings, of a black and white body, and chocolate coloured under the wings. This was the first of the kind I had ever seen. Had I had tho means I would have preserved it. Before us marshes extended for nearly thirty miles, covering the entire flat space between the high hill of Morambala and the opposite moun- tains which separate the Shire from the Zambesi. The Bcenery, which had hitherto been tame and uninteresting, became from this very fine. The whole feature of the country was altered. Some -fine mountains I saw baring perfectly perpendicular faces of two and three thousand feet deep. One night we took a wrong passage and found our- selves in the cul da sacjoi a. large lagoon. After fruitless attempts in the dark to extricate our- selves, we anchored, where we flattered ourselves the mosquitos would nat molest us, but we had not been there very long when, they swarmed off in myriads.' T never saw anything like it. You plastered them on yeur face every time yoa put your hands, up, which was every moment; and caught them by. handfuls. Our men were nearly driven mad, and suffered torturer. _ We had great difficulty , to. prevent-them jamping overboard., SIeeplwas totally¿out of the.question,: their noise resembled. fifty hives of bees1 -let'''loose in a cloie roam. When d ylight broke: anc^thjy** left os, everj oae was like a pluoraj uud.pg in the face. Mrs Burrup was hatiil^fecogniiable". I sufferec least of all. Alf afoug ^esemarsbes no native; were to be seen, audit was nritvtjll we clearec -them tlaLiilLgeajcame.gradual]yjfn sight." ^Ii was Bjbardjob to get the natives down, "foFtkeji werenhe most timid race I had yet seen.- The] were very shy; and- ran away -as-the boati touched the, banks. It waa only after hanging on for a while and showing ourselves that the] would venture near. They then approached bj pairs, till ¡ a number collected, -, armed with bows and arrows,, spear's,' an¿_Jcnives ; they we"e af fine race/and quite dandies wijth regard to their liar; every nie had his own fashion, tjipg it up io 3ball knots all over, bringing it up like a cock's comb, plaiding in grass and trash of «til sorts. The various modes ifould be too numerous to enumerate, .The woman adopt the ugly practice of splitting the upper lip and inserting a piece of bone, ivory, or meta!, sometimes as large round as a penny, and extending the lip. for two or three inches at right'angles to the mouth-a most unbecoming. ornament, ' which quite disfigures some what might otherwise, be, called good* looking. We had to endure the torment of another mosquito worry. . That and the long confine- ment in the boat began te tell very much on Miss Mackenzie, who has been a long while an invalid. ' She became sq, weak that I de- spaired of her reaching the journey's end. On the 28th we managed to reach tbe junction of the Rua River, where we were led to believe we should meet both the Bishop aud Mr. Burrup ready to receive the ladies ; it was their inten- tion to be there in January. We could hear 'nothing of them-all the questioning of the natives was useless ; they pretended that no white, men had been there, and ignored all know- ledge. JOC the.existence .of . the.mission station, though-only sixty miles off., This was most disheartening to us, tor we had taken twelverdays instead of .four;, to, reach this place.;. We were, oui of every thing all our stores were exhausted, ? and no* .thing r procurable but fowls and calayances. Not meeting these ' people,-' the difficulty of feeding both boats, and the,knowledge that the Gorgon bad barely one week's provisions on board, even at half allowance, induced Captain jWilson ;tÔ'ôr'd'er'rnè back to collect all the jpro Visions.,I' could, while, he ^pushM up the, re-; maining forty miles, to deposit the ladies at GhibiBa, "and communicate across the country ^itbtbe'station. I* accordingly went abj>ut 'on the 2'9 th,'lbaviog him with a( bolt's * crew, much 'doneüup. I. had¡not peen long under way when first one, then another, of my crew fell sick, till all followed puuvand the next moiling found only the sergeant of,marines, and myself fit for duty;> all. the rest were down in the) * bottom a of a the: i boat with . fever. To him alone I had to trust to help me one hundred and fifty} miles 'down the river. ;. ¡Here was a pretty go, and rather gloomy; .prospect, bécadse'T-expecteíl ,our turn tocóme next.' I ¡had to move .my self, and'go on or starve. We took , an , oar each and; tugged away cheerily all day ; our strength would not jtàaxÛjtL night work, sp ..that. I had to1 anchor every night. We had much difficuUy in keéping the boat clear of the banks and reeds, spite of all bur pulling-the eddies were so strong. All my * men. were in. a sad state with ' fqver and dysentery ; my quinine was expended, and not a single atom'of anything in the shape, of com- forts pr stimulants had I to give' them for some days ; our tea, coffee, sugar« spirits, and rice had been used up ; we had nothing to depend on ' for ;;breakfast, dinner;' and ] supper, but chickens,'and the water they were boiled in, seasoned by even an onion.,' I «ras heartily sick of - it. . It ? was ' very <t hard to hear .them all groaning day and*, night, and unable to relieve'them in the slightest. At last I got to the entrance of the river and landed at a small Portuguese station, where an officer "and about.^wenty men are stationed. He'treated me'civilly, and produced- a bottle of sherry and some biscuits, . both, of which I punished more severely than he ,' anticipated, for ! felt very weak'and. done- up, trembling all over as I pdt my-foot-on shore for the first itime .tor three weeks- The; fare/did'rae; a' 'world of good, and I bid him good Lye ' quite renovated. The day after I fell, in with the Pioneer, hard and fast oh a sandbank. I was very thankful, and received a hesrty welcome from Dr. Livingstone.and all on board; had my men attended to, and only just in time to save one of them ; then pitched into a mote hearty^breakfast than I had enjoyed for some time. . - .-..'«.',.' Once the excitement and care off my shoul- ders, my tarn came;1 and the ferer knocked me down. Thanks to theexertions of my kind friends, the Medicoes, and the unremitting attention of all on board, I was all right again in four or five days. The fever does not last very long, and is! pretty readily cured if taken in time; but is »harp and penetrating while it exists. I -continued-very weak some time after. Aa soon aa I*.felt .myself able, I. lett, my invalids on board, and took a canoe down the river, to a place where I knew I could get provisions for the ship. .. The gig returned on the 15th, bringing the ladies back, and the melancholy intelligence of the death of both the Bishop and Mr. Burrup (the brother and husband). The state of these unfortunate women can be more readily imagined than described. It reads like a tragedy to me ; these were the only two who had any relatives going to join them in their new homes, and they were the only two cut; off, the strongest and healthiest of the lot. The death of the bishop was known to those natives we questioned at the Eua, hut they were afraid to tell us. The night we stayed there we anchored, as usual, in mid- stream, which brought us to within one hundred yards of where the poor bishop actually lay buried. It ' waa well his sister did not know it then. After leaving me, Captain Wilson went oa to Chibisa, about seven miles below the Murchison Falls, and tho nearest spot to the mission station. There he left the ladies in charge of tbe doctor, and tried to get overland with Dr. Kirk, of the Pioneer, and four men ; but when within two days' march of the place he was attacked with fever, which i nearly carried him off. He was so far gone that Dr. Kirk was looking out for a place to bury him in. Kirk himself went down also, and both had to be taken back to Chibisa ; a mes- senger went on to the station, and some of the I gentlemen came down. They report that the Bishop and Burrup had gone to the Bua in January, and that on their way their eanoe was upset, when they lost all their medicines, clothes, Ac. They had to remain all night in their wet clothes, which brought on fever. pThe .Bishop died, and was buried in a cane brake, under a large tree, by Burrup, when the latter returned very iL,, and had. to ba carried aertisa country. Four. days after he died also. The blow ia a sad, ona. to these poor women, who had 'pone through ,40'much to get to them. All their hopes uni jgijety they had been sup- ported by, dashed at arre :o tbe ground ! Such a trying diaappoicuiEeac was bard, indeed, to bear ; and not one of us^but hadh»-tearin-the eye as we looked upon them in their distress. The Zambezi, so_far, _i8 irery tame^ nothing but banka of long. rank grass, with here and there a solitary palm rising its bead like a ghost ; but the Shire is very different, with good scenery all through. We found the marshes j full of elephants and hippopotami. Many shots were fired, and some legs of the former broken, but owing to "the nature of the'ground and our limited time they could not' be followed. In some parts of the river' the hippo- potami are very dangerous, and often capsize large canoes. I was one night chased by a huge bull; he came > roaring after me. For- tunately, I had a fine breeze and went too fast ; the gig waa coming up afferme; he made for her, dived with the intention of rising under her and smashing her with his foot as is the play- ful custom of these gentlemen, but she was going »long too fast and he rose about six feet astern of her. . 7 waa fortunate with water-buck, and knocked over nearly a dozen. I was . astonished at the tenacity of life in these animals ; I have seen a buck walk off after I had struck him in the shoulder with a Jacob's shell ; I Baw it burst inside of him--the same with another, and the smoke issuing out of him by puffs as he bolted away like a locomotive engine. We now made our way down the Zambezi, all most anxious to get on board the old Gorgon once more. The Pioneer had discharged the Lady Nyassa, as she could go no further, s that we went down in ber. To our surprise, on reaching the Kongone mouth, found one of - our boats there, and that the ship had been obliged to put ont to sea in a heavy gale. From day,to day we watched moat anxiously for her return. Three weeks elapsed and at last she showed her self; there was a cry of joy from all; we were ill and literally done up. Lost little time in re- joining her, and found she had been in a hurri- cane and bad suffered considerable damage. She had run so short of provisions during our absence that the men J were on less thau half allowance, of. everything. Fever set in amongst them; . the medicines were all ex- pended ; many became delirious. At times tho9e who remained sane kept calling out for .medicine, quinine» anything to relieve them ; but she was run out of everything. The assistant surgeon was driven to his . wits' ends, and by way of purgatives, was having recourse to salt water; of which there was plenty alongside. While : waiting for -, the ship,' ' a coasting vessel anchored . outside the bar. , We despatched ah officer to board her, thinking she; might bé. a slaver. On returning, bia boat was upset on tho bar. No one was lost, but all hands were in the bottom of the boat for three hours, exposed toa scorching sun, with no clothes on.' ' ' .. ,, . ,t This sums up,a chapter of contretemps which I have no wish' to see repeated. We are now. returning to the Gape, where the cold weather at this season will recruit ua. I have suffered as much, as anyone, if not more ; my arm has 'been in a sling for a month--my legs should be there also ; but they are getting well again, though I am now, writing with one on a chair. I am able to write, at all events.jwbich is a good thing, though my finger will be a stiff one for some time. 