THE PASTORAL OF ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOPS. The following is from a pastoral address from tho Roman Catholic Archbishop and the three Bishops of Australia i— One sulject about which we are most anxious that you should be rightly informed and steadfast in your Catholic principles, is that of the public education of your children, and especially of the , children of the poor. It is evident that attempts are being made to wrest from us our liberty of conscience in this matter, to curtail the freedom, !ii which we have been able to train our children in secular leMnine, quickened by Catholic faith, | and guarded by Cutli^lic discipline, in order to , submit them to the fetters of what is called ; National Education, This is a manifest mis- j Homer, The so-called National Education, or j Board of General Education, is in truth i sectarian, for it is at variance with the religious j feelings of Catholics, that is, a large body of | the population, equal to ono-fourih or even one- | third of the nation — if we may uBe the term — and | it is a persecuting sectarian sin, since it would compel Catholics, to accept a system vitally de fective, however accap.ed by non-Catholics, who have, of course, neither fear nor sense of tuch de ficiency. Catholics do nut believe that the educa tion of a child is like u thing of mechani6m that can be put together bit by bit. Now a morsel of instruction on religion, and then of instruction in secular learning — separate parcels w:th as little reciprocal action as have two books on ihe shelves of a library. We hold, that subjects taught, the teacher and his faith, the rule an t practices of the school day, — ill combine t) produce the result which we catholics consider to be education, and that this desirable result cannot be looked for without such combined action. The system to which we have adverted, seems to consider the child as a receiving machine, and the teacher as an imparting machine, and that here their relations end. It is not si; the human being teaching wi'l. by reason of his reluious fitith an'! other qualities, influence the human being taught ; the day with its wcrk and devotions, arranged on a plan con sistent throughout with our faith, will mould one form of character, the day not so arranged will produce quite another ; there is in the system we deprecate no unity, no consistenc/. It is not only defective, it is corrupting and dissipating, and therefore for reasons obvious to every wallin formed Catholic, we must have for our children Catholic schools, Catholic teachers, and, as fast as we can supply them, Catholic books. Do not be seduced out of this determinatio i by promises of superior learning for your children ! The promii.es are vain ; our own schools can and shall supply all that Catholic children minaiion known, see that your represen tatives in Parliament are duly impressed with it, and choose only those who will respect your religious rights and liberties in this most vital point. Be not influenced by plausible state ments and appeals to a false liberality. Catholics must secure for their children, above all things, a religious education, and in a matter of so much importance they must not risk hazardous expariments. Their children may and must in school breathe a Catholic atmosphere. It would bs as wise to take away one of the constituent elements of common air, and think to maintain the health and vigor of human beings, living in that unnatural medium, by restoring after wards the withdrawn elements, as to make up a Catholic education for children by adding at one time the religion which has been scrupu lously banished at another. If you grow a flower in cold and darkness one half the day, no arbitrary amount of liftht and heat after wards will produce a plant of the vigor and beauty proper to its kind. The Divorce Bill, which has, unhappily, passed into law in some of the colonies, and which has been so odiously pressed upon tho Legislatures of the other colonies during the preent session, has naturally drawn our attention afresh to the evils of mixed marriages. This measure adds, you will observe, materially to those evils, inasmuch, as it allows, by human law, a separation which the Catholic believes is not allowable by the Divine law, and bo exposes the Catholic party to be left bound as long as the ncn- Catholic party, who may choose to form other ties, sha'l live. Lot this added mischief, dearly beloved, prevail upon you to renew your aversion and watchfulness against mixed marriages. You know how the Church treats them, how she tolrrates them only as an inevitable e^il, haw she stands by at such a marriage, Bad, and aB if mourning. No holy, all grace procuring mass celebrated ; no solemn nuptial blessing, with uplifted hands, pronounced by the priest of God. It cannot be that young people, properly trained in affectionate allegiance to Holy Church, duly estimating the graces of which she is the channel, should so lightly permit their thoughts to rest on the be ginning of attachments that must end in a dreary prospect at best. Let the obstacle of a different religion be frankly pronounced by parents an in surmountable one, and the young, accustomed all their lives so to consider it, and see it so con sidered, are in no danger of allowing themselves to be entangled. It is the indecision and world liness of parents that creato for their children danger, and so we entreat you to contemplate again the nullity of all earthy position, and ad vantages, bb a compensation for the certain evils of mixed marriages. At the best, what must be the result i Huaband and wife divided on the moat important, the most in fluential, and pervading of all subjects 1 No mutual aid, no common sympathies in religion ; religion that gwes dignity and safety to their union. As Catholics, you believe the married state to be a vocation, having its special trials, dangers, hopes, and to meet these, its special graces ; and you know it is idle to talk about each party worshipping God undisturbed, according to his or her conscience. And of the children of such marriages what .can we nay, even where the Catholic conditions are faithfully— as they so fre quently are not — kept ? What can you, in ordi nary prudence, except them to learn, to be ? At the best, perhaps, indifferent ; born and practi callv bred in that subtlest of the modern forms of infidelity, the notion that an essence of all reli gions can be abstracted and secured, in abstrac tion from all positive belief, from all sacra ment, within the recesses of a man's own breast. Dare you do this ? Will your children dare to do it, if you think, and teach them to think of it, as the danger of indifference, of practical infidelity, ought to be thought of. What is it to tempt the goodness of God if this be not it ? We do hope, dearly beloved, that thoughtlessness about consequences, more than unfaithfulness and reokless worldliness is the cause of so many of these deplorable marriages. We muBt speak strongly.because we fear greatly ; we can no longer maintain even an apparent silence in the presence of a growing evil ; we dare not see Catholics, were it to gain the whole world, divest themselves, as married people, of great safeguards against the loss of their own and children's souls. May you, dearly beloved, lay these things to heart, and may the Holy Spirit enlighten and strengthen you. The blessing of God, the Father, the »on, and Holy Ghost, be with you now and for ever. f John Bedb, Archbishop of Sydney. t Robert William, Bishop of Hobart Town. f Jambs Alimos, Bishop of Melbourne. f James, Bishop of Brisbane, Given at Melbourne, Feast of All Saints, 1862. 