THE GHOSTS IN ST. HABK'S POBCH. When the sounds of revelry had nearly died out on the Eve of St. Mark, when one by one the drunken stragglers had stumbled over the threshold of the alehouses, and light after light was vanishing from the windows of the town, when the cool night air fell with reviving freshness on the trampled grass of the Green, where through the long past hours of the preceding day the good people of Madden ck had been holding their wake, two grey-looking figures might have been seen stealing noiselessly along the deserted road which led to the church. Clear and starlight was the night, with a fresh breeze, which met you at every turning, and grimly and distinct above the houses loomed the dark outline of St. Mark's Church. The hour was striking from the! new clock in the tower—that tower of which the Madderick people were so justly proud, for it had been the gift of a late Lord Mayor of London, who had not forgotten an «ariy and ma well-loved weii-tovea homestead nomesieaa within witntn the toe dsof ftis andyet in ^e days of his prosperity loved to single out the little far-away Northern town for marks of distinction and affection. It was eleven o'clock, not punctual eleven perhaps, for those early clocks went far from correctly, but thereabouts. The two figures enveloped in long grey cloaks were dose upon the churchyard gate. Hie one; had drawn back as if refusing to go further, and, as the other turned in expostulation, her low, sweet tones might have been recognised as those of Faith Dawson, the. woolcomber's daughter. " Nay, Mistress Faith, quoth the terrified attendant, who was none other than Auiyce, the shrewd serving-woman whom MeiUtor Dawson had engaged to wait on his darling, and who, kind-hearted and devoted as she was, was a mass of the densest ignorance and superstition that ever breathed; "nay, but I bargained but to we thee We so far and wait for thee. I darena, for very lite, go further an' meet the ghosts. Be wise, I counsel thee, Mistress Faith, and come home. 'Tis an ill errand, and I like it not." Faith was shivering and casting uncertain glances up the dim path which led to the porch, and which, often as she had safely trod it on Sundays and holidays, now "seemed ttf be fraught with dangers. Her conscience told her that she was doing a foolish thing—for she would have been ashamed of any one discovering her errand; a wrong thing—because, not daring to consult her father about it, she bad stolen secretly from the bouse while all slept, onlytaking Amyce with ber in preservation of that promise which she had lately made the old woolcomber not to go out in the evening without an escort. A few months a£o, Faith would never have dreamed of acting thus; but of lata she had been ill and weak, and unhappy, Mid superstitious fancies had crept alongside her failing health, and rendered her morbid and miserable. Superstition in those dajrs was not what it is now; it was a recognized creed nearly by all. Faith had been low and nervous about her own health; not without reason, indeed, for the same insidious disease, which had shortened her mother's life, had begun to show its baneful presence in ber also— that short, hollow cough; those flushing cheeks; that increased languor; aud the pain, which made the poor transparent hand press the aching side: others raw and sighed over her, and Faith heard their whispers with a terrified agony. She could not die, she dared not die; she was so young, and life looked so promising, and earth had those she loved so dearly—oh, it is hard to give up life when we are bound to it by ties of love! Often Amyce would look in, and try to rouse or amuse her. Only to-day she hud garment, she would stay at home, and finish ber dftrning. Amyce had pressed her kindly, but not very judiciously j and vered by her servingmaid s importunity, as well as depressed by her own suffering, poor Faith had given way to a long, weary burst of crying, and, in her misery, found expression for some of the melancholy forebodings which filled her heart. She told Amyce she should of a certaintie die aa her mother had done; and simple-hearted Amyce, overcome , by such ill-hearing, began to cry in sympathy. " If I only knew that there was any hope, if the doctor would say, or there were aught to trv; but this wretehed waiting and watching for evil," moaned poor Faith. t" Wouldst really discover; would it comfort thee to know for certain ?" asked Amyce, eagerly. And when Faith earnestly assented, she went on to tell her of the well-known fact, that if any one had courage to go that very night, the Eve of St. Mark, and watch in the church porch for two hours, from eleven till one, he should see the ghosts of all those marked for death during the ensuing twelvemonths pass before him in review, his own amongst the number, were he too doomed. " I've heard my mother tell oft about it, Amyce said, *' an* thy cousin-german, Martha Tavistock, folks say that she never faileth to keep the watch, and that is why she prognosticated so surely o* dissolution an' recovery. I heard her say but yesterday that 'tis an angel, maybe the good St. Mali himself, who, at midnight, cometh down from heaven with clouds and darkness, and opened thechurch door to give admittance to such as wait. And then, one by one they enter, each clothed in his customary habit; such as shall die the first leading the way, and the babes, who know not how to walk, rollingslongonthepavement. Those who live the longest come the last, and maybe scarce reach the porch, ere the clock strikes one, and the angel puts to the door. Or, if God be pleased to restore them, they rest but a while in the church, and thence return again in the allotted time. Fancy bow awful it would be to see one's ane wraith walking before, an' never returning." " Amyce'." exclaimed Faith, with a rare excitement in her eyes; " I'll try the spell; we'll go to-night to St. Mark's porch, an I'll pray God to give me strength to bear it. Maybe I'll we myself only go inside and come back again, and the good Saviour will spare me a while yet, an' if otherwise, I'll try to give up my own will, and submit to a higher. I'll be happier when I know, Amyce." And this was how the two grey figures came to be walking down the street in the darkness. No persuasion could induce Amyce to venture with her mistress into the porch, nay, nor even to promise to remain where she was for the two hours. Much as she loved Faith, her superstition was more deeply grounded than her affection, and reiterating how she would sit up and watch, ready to let her in when she raturned, or, maybe come along the road and meet her, she bade farewell, and ran hastily in the direction of the market-place. Faith gathered up all her courage, and entered the churchyard; her heart gave a great bound when she came in sight of the porch, but there was nothing really to terrify her ; the stone seats were without occupants, no angel had yet descended to unlock the door, and she found a sheltered seat in the corner, and, drawing her mantle tightly round ber, sat down to watch. While she leans her aching, throbbing head on her hand, and her hurt palpitates almost audibly, we will leave her awhile, and go back to another mticher on St. Mark's Eve. Martha Tavistock had been instructing some damsels in the mysteries of making the dnmheakf. Kate Barton and two of her friends were to trv the spell that very night: to meet in silence and mix and bake the dough; in equal silence to break off and eat a portion at midnight; and walking backwards upstairs, to remove their clothes in haste and get into bed, when a knocking at the walls, a rustling sound, or the flitting of a shadow should apprise them of the existence of their lovers, or perchance a happy dream instruct them of their future. Were they destined to die unmarried, profound silence or terrible visions of winding sheet*, open graves, and rings crumbling to dust, would indisputably acquaint them With their prospective misery. ' Leaving the merry girls to amuse themselves with this foolish superstition, and vainly arguing with some others to try their fate by different means, such as fetching a flower from the church porch at midnight, when the bold damsel who undertakes the journey will be favoured with a vision of her marriage procession, her own likeness hanging on the arm of her future husband, Mid followed by so many youths and maidens as month's shall intervene before the happy event takes place; or, if a single life is allotted ber, her funeral train, wherein the coffin is shrouded with white, mid borne on the shoulders of headless shadows; or, to run round a haystack nine times with a ring in the left hand, ciying, after each circle, " Here's the sheath, Where's the knife P" at the termination of which exploit the beloved one will certainly mate his appear* ance,—Martha Tavistock clothed herself elaborately in her best garments, and, duly attracting the attention of every one to her errand, set out for the churchyard. People watched her with quaking hearts, gazed after her with aickly apprehension, repeated her name in a lower tone, and shook their heads ominously; she was going to review the ghosts! For year after year she had done so to their certain knowledge, and three years only were needed to ensure a perfect vision,—some even saw clearly on the very first occasion. When Martha came back again she would know for a certainty the fate of every man, woman, and child in the parish,—the" order of their lives, deaths, and sicknesses. Should any be drowned during the ensuing twelvemonths, she would have seen their wraiths struggling in the 'plashing water; should any moot a violent death, she would have marked the traces of blood or distortion on their apparitions. Truly such a woman aa this was to be feared ana held in awe—to be Appeased when in anger, and propitiated on all occasions. No one, save Cicely Armstrong, would willingly make an enemy of Martha Tavistock ! Martha must almost have laughed in her sleeve at the dense superstition of her neighbours as she went slowly along the churchyard path. So often hsd die performed the feat, and returned without adventure of any kind, that her own belief in the spell had Med long ago. But it suited her purposes to preserve a bold over the minds of those around her by an assumption of knowledge, however Use, and it is to be- hoped that she was scarcely bereelt alive to the sin she was perpetrating in thus trifling with the terrors or imaginations of others. She might have excused herself by saying that she never pretended, to have seen aught, she never imaginary descriptions, as some might have done: true, but she did not hesitate to muendo, to sigh profoundly, to hint at mysterous secrets,—in short, to lead others to suppose that it was merely her will, certainly not a want of power, which sealed bar lips as to the events of the future. She had shrewd sense enough to be aware that the vaunted dangers of her midnight expedition existed but in the sickly imaginations ofher neighbours, and had birth merely from their superstitions; she knew that as safely as she trod the trim green sward in the open daylight, so might she pass in equal security when the night dew lay white and heavy on the grass; and though she was fain to believe the legend: current amongst her class, that the spirit of the youngest corpse in the graveyard acted sentry till his port should be relieved by a later comer, and, with chill hands folded on a stiller breast, kept watch, day and night, over the rest of his companions, yet, as no spirit had thought good to oppose or dispute her entrance hitherto, the visionary presence troubled her but little. If a misgiving entered the old woman's mind, it were merely lest the searching breeze, which fluttered her garments, and still retained the icyness of spring frost, should affect tbe joint of hw ngbt knee, which was stiff and Bwollen from rheumatism. She was passing up the churchyard ; beneath the low wall her sister's husband had been laid to rest years ago, when Bene was but an infant. Martha thought of him with a sigh. That tall white monument, rising so gauntly in the gloom, had been erected to the memory of the master woolcomber's faif-faced wife. She had been Martha's cousin, mid Martha could remember her as a girl; she had been to her wedding, bad many a time helped to tend and do for her large family of little ones. Martha bad stood by her death-bed, and even now the expression of that sweet, care-worn face was in her memory. Faith was like ber mother, but not so bonny; yet semblance between the two was in< day by day, for Faith's face was that same anxious, transparent loolC her large brown eyes grew if ore shadowy and full of visions than ever her mother's had been. Still thinking of Faith, Martha Tavistock reached the porch. She was bemoaning the evident failing of the girl's health, when lo! right before her, starting out from the darkness. erect and deathlike, was the very wraith of Faith herself; and Martha uttered a scream of terror, which was reiterated and prolonged. It was but the work of a moment to catch sight of that dim figure; to look into the white, sacred face, with its unearthly eves; to almost toueh the thin, pale Singers which were out-stretched to ward off her approach. Martha believed that she saw the apparition in the very act of entering the churchdoor, and as quick as lightning she turned and fled down the churchyard; she paused not to take breath till she was safe at her own home, and Hose, hastening to admit her,was scared by the expression of terror on her wmt's countenance. But to her many inquiries there came no answer, only tbe old woman rocked herself to and fro on the settle, moaning out under her breath the unfortunate name of Faith Damon. Sou's heart misgave her. What did it mean ? Surely Faith was not amongst the doomed! On the chill pavement of St. Mark's orch lay a young form apparently lifeless. 'aith Dawson had swooned with terror ere tbe apparition of Martha Tavistock faded on her sight. She had been sitting in the shadow of the entrance, when approaching footsteps met her ear, and, starting hastily forward, with her mantle half fulling from her shoulders, she had almost rushed into the arms of the intruder. That the new comer could be Martha in the flesh never for a second crossed her mind; she was waiting to see a ghost, and a ghost, according to her own belief, she did see, and not only saw, but recognised. Martha's startled scream, far from relieving only aggravated her terror. Did she not behold the old woman tossing her arms aloft and writhing in agony ? Of a surety some violent death was in store for her 1 Faith's knees knocked together—her heart bounded—tbe spirit was almost touching ber, and she sank down on the moss-grown flags in a state of unconsciousness. , When Faith's senses returned, the great clock above was striking midnight, Mid a few pale stars, like the eyes of angels, were keeping watch in the heavens. Nothing was to be seen,—nothing was to be heard; the church-door was fast closed, and she could barely trace tbe outline of its heavy framework- She longed to he at borne,—her nerves were all unstrung, her limbs were quaking, she scarcely dared cross the graveyard; she could hear her own breath, broken and bard, like tbe sobbing of a passionate child. How she reached the Market- place she never remembered, neither how she answered tbe thousand questions with which Amyce was waiting to greet her, Only when she was safe in her own little bed, and tbe door closed on her sleepy attendant, she hid her pale face in the pillow, and gave way to a great burst of tears. She feared and despised herself; she knew that those she loved best would condemn and reprove her conduct, and though longing to ease her anxiety by imparting her terrors to some one, she nad neither courage nor resolution sufficient for the confession. But from that day Faith's cough grew more hollow and painful, and her strength failed her. Her imprudent exposure to the chill night air was to entail its own penalty. Poor Faith) 