. A TRUE GHOST STORY; v DBDIOATED TO" TUB SPIRITUAL1IT8. " (By Norman M'Leod, D.DI) . ' A well known Scotch artist, whoso delinea tions. of character, delight his many friends and who is almost 09 remarkable in liiB anec dotes as in his pictures, commences ono of hi tories by narrating how ail old Scotch game keeper onec remarked to him in a slow, solemn' voice, " Do you know, sir, that I myself liavo sictilly known men, ay, and respectable men too, who — did — not — believe — in ghaisfs P" And ho describes how tlio old keeper, on being questioned as to his own belief in ghosts replied, wilh face averted, half in pity, half in sorrow for llio qucBtionor, but with, if possible, deeper aolomnily, " I.howp I do!" I am not sure if tlio gamekeeper stand tlono in his belief; aud I question whether, if the great mojoritv of llio " upper ten thousand " were asked ' regarding ' tlieir faitli as to apparitions,' they would not agreo with tlio lower ten thousand who are assumod to be the only honest believers in occasional visits from tho inhabitants of the mysterious ghost-land. Very possibly in broad daylight, when driving in the park, or shopping, or visiting tho Exhibition j or, even when the candles are lighted, and when seated round tho dinnor-tablo ; or in the midst of tho buzz and flutter of aa evoning party, the realitiea of tbo palpable and prosaic world may act as euoh opiates to tho ideal faculty, and so close tlio oyes ond stop tlio cars of tho inner eye which can alono discern tho' spirit-world, that all faith in its existence may be denied or .ridiculed. But take any one of tliCBO persons singly, especially the most thoughtful aud gifted ; lot him or her remain 111 tho large drawingroom when it is emptied of its guests, with tho lights extinguished, except ono or two sufficiently bright to project " shadows on the wall." but nut.ta illumino the darker reccsse of tho room — when tho fire burns low, and tlio cinders fa'l, nnd begin to crumble audibly among the oahes — when llio miduight. winds are creeping round the house, sighing at tlio wiudowe, or breaking out into aogry gusts which boom ovor tho chininey-iicad, nud shake llio huge tree9 on the lawn, forcing one to think of shipe fighting witli stjfms on misty coasts, or drenched wrclolies creeping over splashing moors— and then. let. tho thoughts gradually slide into sad stories of human suffer ing, mingled' with anecdotes, ubout presenti ments, dreams, odd coincidences, unncoount- able appearances, and the like ; and ever and anon let some strargo sounds of wind aiid rain and oliafing foilago bo lienrd, with creaks in old timber, no 0110 knows where — I osk wilh con fidence whether ill such oireumstanors, at two in the morning, tlio sceptic will not profcsB more faitli in gliosis than lie or she would at two in tlio afternoon ? Tho fact cannot bo denied' by any ono mo derately acquainted with human opinions,' that I hero is an almost, universal belief in gliosis. Or, \if that is a too broad nnd vulgar .way of cxDrcssiuc 'tlio' beliif, . let. us - rather - say, a tiuivorsal feeling verging on belief, if- not reaching it, that there aro certainly "'more things in heaTen and earth'" than, our daylight .'philosophy abcopts cf'or ran account for ; that thoro aro revelations from a world unscon ,by tho carnal eye, unheard by tho carnal oar, which como to tlio seeing and hearing fueultios of tlio spirit in 0- rtsin states of mind and body which arc alouo susceptible of this intercourse ; that these revelations assume divers forms, it may bo of strange Eights and sounds, vivid dreams, sudden and overpowering impressions, npparitions, ghosts, spirit-knockings, call thorn what you pleaso— which compel tlio belief that tho ghost world with which wo .are unques tionably surrounded, impinges ootasionally on tho familiar, or ' oh what 'we call .the actual, just as strange and rare birds from aribthcr far pff climo aro sometimeB driven , by Btorms 011 our coasts. . " : ' This is a subject-to which I have paid eomo j'i>it?;i!idn.' "Without, as far as I can discover, ' my prejudice to warp my judgment, or any want of suoh a careful and cautious induction as a dotoctivo might bestow in tracing out the facts of a crime, and weighing tho cWdonce in tho nicest balance, I liavo collected sovcrol unquestionable facts, in which I bavo no bcsitalion wliatevor in publicly acknowledging my belief. I nm also firmly porsuntlcd that their truth roslB upon incomparably more satisfactory proofs than those stories of spirit- rappings which aro so firmly beliovod in by so many. I havo listened patiently to tho details of most remarkable phenomena connected with spirit-rapping and tablo-tnrning, related to mo by ladieB and go'nllomcn "moving in Iho best circles of society," nnd by ovangolical elorgy- mon wlioso word no ono would think of doubt ing, and wlioso judgment no one, I presume, would onco dare to call in question. A clergy man, for example, whoso literary abilities, sound sersc, pioty, broadmindedness, and truthfulness aro sufficiently guaranteed by tbo fact of his being a frequent contributor lo tlio pages of a loading "Religious" newspnpor, wliilo assuming that any doubt as to tlio reality of spirit-rapping, apparitions, witches, otc., indicated an infidel tendency, affirmed his belief tlint the devil was the real person who pulled all those strings. I took tho bold step of questioning this, which I fear lias shaken his .faith in my Christianity j and I confessed to him frankly tlist I had buoIi an opinion of Satan's intellect, and of tho immensa amount of work ho evidently hnd to do in Franco; Italy, and America, not to speuk of our own country, as mado mo doubt how far lie hod liimsolf tbo time, or could spare even tho weakest and most imbccilo oi his spirits to nraueo respectable, well-to-do, idlo ladies, to furnish nrgumcnts in favour of a ghost-world to sceptics, to paralyso weak curates, or oven to afford tlio bc9t and most popular clergy illustrations for tlieir sermons. I also took Iho liberty of directing liis attention to tlio following vorso in tbo pro. pliccies of Isaiah, and which Eccmcd new to liim : — " When they shall Say unto you, s-ek with tlicm tlint liavo familiar spirits, and with wizards that peep nnd that mutter : should not a pcoplo seek unto tlieir wou r lor tlie living to tlie dead ?" ' (That is, as I under- stnnd it, Bliould the living, in reference to llioir affaire, consult tho dead ?) " To the law and to the testimony : if they speak not according to this word, it is boonuso thoro is no light in them." Strango to sny, this passage mado my clerical friend only hold more firmly to tho alleged facts and his devil theory regarding thom ; for I10 maintained that many men whom lie know to bo a little more than sceptical regarding " tho law nnd tho testimony" of Scripture, and who "staggered through unbelief" in tho miracles there recorded, nororthelcss Bought information "from tlio dead," and had per fect faith in tlio trutli of tho revelations so obtained, thus proving tho devil to bo tho real deceiver. Granting for tho present tlio trutli of tho alleged facts of spirit rapping nnd tablo turn- ing ; yet, after hearing them, and comparing tliRtn witli nnmn nf the mvptaries I have mvEOlf collected chiefly ill the Highlands, connected with second sight and ghoBtly npparitions, ond with other similar phenomena noticed by mo in some of tho remoter v alleys of tlio Harz acd Blnok Forest, I cannot possibly admit tlio ono without admitting tho other. Both seem to mo to rest on such evidence as must compel tliom to stand or fall together. I linvo no wish wlia'ever to bring any reader of " Good Wards," who lias " made up his mind" on thoso mysterious topics, to my way of thinking. I shall acknowledge it as a Bign of progress in froo thought if I am permitted to hold my own view without being con- demnod hb a person devoid of all judgment or common sense; My excellent publishers are also willing to run nil risks by permitting me to make the pageB of tbis periodical a vehicle for disseminating more worthy views of the mysteries of our spirit life. \- But ono fact is better than a thousand more -arguments in discussing such a question, nnd I shall therefore devote tho rest of this papor 'to a nairative, which thereader may reatnssurod I is strictly true, ' niYd .then I BitnU leave him to iudeo'lor himself as' to how far such invste- rlOUS plieuoxnena -at H roeorrU oan 'bo go oountod for; \- A friend of mine, a medical man, wa on a fishing expedition with an old college acquaint ance, an army surgeon, whom I10 had not met for many years, from his having beon. in India with his regiment-. M'Donald, tbo army sur geon," was a thorough Highlander, and slightly tinged with what is called the superstition of liin eniintrvmnn. nnrl nt thn tinan 1 nnnnV nf was liablo to rather depressed spirits from an unsound liver. His native air wsb, however, rapidly renewing his youth j and when ho and liis old friend paced along tho banks of tho fishing stream in a lonely part of Argyleehire, and sent their lines liko airy gossamers over tlie pools, and touched tho water over a salmon's nose, so temptingly that Iho best principled and wisest fish could not resist tho bito, M'Donald had apparently regained all his buoyancy of spirit. They lisd beon fishing together for about a week with great bucccss, when M'Donald proposed to pay a visit to a family ho was acquainted with, which would oparnto him from his friend for some days. But, whenever ho spoke of their intendod separation, iio sank down into liis old gloomy state, at ono time declaring that ho felt as if they woro never to meet again. My friend triod to rally bim, but in vain. They parted at tho trouting stream, M'Donnld's route being across a moun tain pass, with whioh, however, ho had beon well acquainted in his youth, though the road was lonely and wild in the extreme. The doctor returned early in tho ovening to his resting place, whioli was a shepherd's house, lying on the very outskirts of tho "settle ments," and beside a foaming mountain stream. Tho shepherd's only attendants at the timo were two herd lads, and tlireo dogs. Attachod to tlio hut, and communicating with it by a short passage, was rathor a comfortablo room, which " tlio laird" had fitted up to sonro as a sort of lodgo for himself' in tho midst of his booting ground, aud which I10 had put for a fortnight at tlio disposal of my friend. , Shortlynfter sunset on tho day I montion, the wind began to rise suddenly to a gnlo, the rain descended in torrents,' and the night became exlremely dark. The sliopherd seemed uneasy, and several times went to tho door to inspect tho weather. At last ho roused the fears of the doctor for M'Donnld's safety, by expressing the hope that by this timo .ho wos " owro that awfu' black moss, and across the rod burn." Every traveller in the Highlands knows how rapidly tlie'so mountain streams rise, and how confusing tho moor becomes in a ' dark night. "Tho black mces and red burn " were words tlint wcro never after forgot by tho Doctor, from tho strange feeling they pro duced when first benrd that night ; fur there camo into hiB mind torrible thoughts and fore bodings about poor M'Donald, and roproschcs for nevor' having considored his" possible danger in attempting such a journey alono. -In vain tho -shopliord assured him. that . ho. mutt lmro reached a place of. safety before tlio darkncsB and tbo storm came on, ; A presenti ment which ho could not cast off made him so miserable... that lie, could hardly refrain from tears. But nothing could bp dono to irelioye tho anxiety now 'become so painful. ' Tho doctor at last, retired to bod about mid night. i For a long timo ho could not sleep, l'lio raging of the Btroam "below ' the smell window, and-tho-thuds of tho storm, mado him feverish and restless. .. But nt last ho foil into a sound and dreamless sleep. .Out" of this, however, ho was suddonly roused by" a peculiar noise in -hie' room,- not very loud, but utterly indescribable. Ho heard tap, tap; tap, nt tlio window ; nnd ho know, from tlio relation wliiph; tho wall of the room boro to tlio rock, that the glass could rot' bo touched by human lmnd. After listening for a momont, nnd forcing liimsolf to' s'milo nt'his nervousness, lie turned round, and began again to seek repose. But now n noise began, too distinct mid loud to make sleep possible.; Starting'and sitting up in bed, ho heard repeated in rapid succession, as if somo ono whs spitting in iuigor, and closo to his bed, — " Fit ! fit ! fit ! " and then a pr'o- langcd." wliir-r-r-r " from onotlior part of tho room, while every cliair began, to. move, and the table to jerk. The doctor remained in brenthlcBS sileno, wi;h every faculty intensely acuta. Ho frankly conforscd that lio heard Irs heart beating, for tlio sound was so un earthly, so horrible, and Bomothiug Becmod to como so near liim, tlint ho began seriously to consider whether or not ho had somo uttack of fevor which affected his brain — for remem ber ho hnd not tasted a drop of the shepherd's small store of whisky ! Ho felt liis own pulse, composed his spirits, and compelled himself to exorciso calm judgment. Straining liis ores to discovor anything, lio plainly saw ot last a white object moving, but without sound, before liiin. Ho know that the door was shut, and tho window also. An ovorpowcring con viction then seized him, whioh I10 could not resist, that liis friend M'Donald was dead ! By an effort he seized u lucifer-box on a chair bcsiclo him, and struck a light. No white objeot could ho soon. Tho room appeared to lio as wlion I10 went to bod. Tlio door was shut. Ho looked at his watcli, and particularly marked that tlio hour was twenty- two minutes past throe. But tlio match was hardly extinguished when, louder tiinn ovor, tho samo unearthly cry of ' " Fit ! fit 1 fit 1 " was beard, followed by tlio samo liorriblo whir-r.r-r, which mado his teeth olinttcr with torriblo rapidity. Then tho movement of tho tablo and every cliair in tlie room was rcsnmod with increased violence, while tho tapping' on tlio window was heard nbovo tho storm." Thoro was no bell in tho room, but Iho doctor, on hearing all this frightful confusion of sounds again repented, and beholding tho wliito object moving towards him in terrible Bilenoe, began to thump tho wooden partition, nnd to shout nt thereto of his voieo for tho shepherd, nnd having dono so, ho dived his head undor tho blankets. Tbo eliaphord soon made his appearance, in liis nightshirt, witli a small oil lamp, or " eruscy," ovor bis bond, anxiously inquiring as I10 entered tlio room, — "What is't, doctor ? What's wrong ? Pity mo, nro yo ill ?" > nj 1 biiuu IIIU uubtuti jDui) uoiuru IIU was hoard, with tho old ory of " Fit 1" eloso to tho shepherd, while two chaira fell at liis feet! The shepherd Bprnug book, with .a half scream of terror; tlio lamp was dashed to tho ground, nnd tlio door violently eiiut. " Como back !" shouted tho doctor. " Como back Duncan, instantly, I command you!" Tho ahophord' opened tho door very par tially, and said, in terrified accents — " Gudo be uboot us, tlint was owfu' ! What is't?" "Heaven knows, Duncan," ejaculated the doctor, with agitated voice ; "but do pick up tlio lamp, and I shall Btrike a light." Duncan did so in no small fear ! but, as ho mado liis way to llio bed in tlio darkness, to get a match from tlio doctor, something onught liis foot ; ho fell ; and then, amidst the same noises and tumults of chairs, which immedi ately filled the apartment, the " Fit 1 fit 1 fit 1 fit !" was prolonged with more vehemeneothan over 1 Tho doctor sprang up, and made his way out of the room, but was several times tripped, by some unknown power, so that lie had tho greatest difficulty in reaching tlio door without a fall. Ho was followed by Duncan, nnd both rushed out of the room, shutting tlio door after thom. A new light having been obtained, they both returned with .extreme caution, and, it must bo added, fear 'n the liopo of finding bomo rnuse or other for all tlioso terrifying signs. Would it surpriso our readers to lioar that they searched tho room in vain ? — that, after minutely examining under tlio table, chairs, bed, everywhere, and with the door shut, not a trace could bo found ofanything? Wouldtlley believe that they hoard, during tho day, how poor M'Donald had stag gered, half dead from fatigue, into liis friend's house, and falling into a fit, Imd died nt twonty-two minutes past thrco that morning F We do not ask any one to accept of all this as true. But we pledgo our honour to tho fol lowing fnct.s : — Tho doctor, after the day's fishing wos over, had packed his rod bo ns to tike it into his bedroom ; but lie had left a minnow attaohed to the hook. A wliito cat who was left in tbe room swallowed tho fhinnow, and was booked. The - unfortunnto gourmand had -vchomently protested against this intrusion Into liar upper lip byr the violent " Fit 1 fit ! fit 1 " with which ho tried to spit tho hook out ; tho rool added thbmystorious whii-r-r-r ; and tho disengaged line, getting entangled in the legs of tho chairs and-table, as tho hooked cat attempted to fly from hor tormentor, set tho furniture in mo tion, and tripped up both tho slicphord and tho doctor : while an ivv-branch kent tamiinir nt tlio window 1 Will any one doubt the existence of ghosts and a spirit-world after this P I have only to add, that tho dootor's skill was employod during the night in cutting tho hook out of tho cat's lip, wliilo liis poor patiout yet moat impatient, was held by tlio shepherd 111 a bag, the bend alone of puss, with hook and minnow, being visible M'Donald mode bis appearance in a day or two, rejoicing onco more to soe his friend, nnd greatly enjoyiHg the ghost story. As the doctor finished tho history of his night's horrors, lio could not help laying down n preposition very dogmati cally to his half- supcratitious friends, and as some BtsondB for his own terror. " Dopi nd upon it," said he, " if we could thoroughly exnmino into all tlio stories of ghosts and apparitions, spirit rapping, at hoc genus onine, they would turn out to be every bit as true as my own visit from tho world of spirits ; that is — great humbug and nonsense. " Wo leave this hoterodox sentiment witli confidence in tho hands of the illustrious dead, who spend so much time in disturbing furni ture without cvau tho apology of a hook and minnow. Wo hove no doubt that Milton, Dante, Shakspero, or probably Newton cr Bacon, if properly invited, will cheerfully como as guests to any tea party of truo be lievers in London or Boston, to contradict in tho most authoritative manner, tlio doctor' profano scepticism. We shall bo glad to bear tho views of those distinguished men, who, it is alleged, though dead yet speak ; and wo shall be proud to add them to our staff, and to number them among the contributors to "Good Words. Wo despair of. tho cat. She lies been silent ever since her great debut into spirit- land. -Her lips, Ihough healed, are sealed. — Good Words. 