POOR RICHARD'S MAXIMS. Addressed equally to Federals ? and Con federates. ! BYTttte SHADE OK BifNJ. FBANKLIN. War is a most expensive game, as you'll find w hen it cornea to the shell-! ing out. Wli« n men's passions rise, the funds generally fall." A park of artillery is one that properly speaking, should have a dead wall round it. \- Glory'is. a piece of sugar that owes its sweetness to; having been refined with blood. It is generally given to stupid children, when , they are noisy and obstreperous to keep them quiet. The Field of Glory, the more it is ptoi gh'sd, the less it pays, whereas Pt*ace, the more it is cultivated, the more it yields. ; A shopkeeper -is ? a husbandman of the counter -who finds his profit in care fully attending to his till-age. What a pity that ever the dogs of war are ever allowed to go at large without having their, muzzles^ on. Whoever lets one of .these dogs loose endangers the lives of hundreds and thousands of his fellow-creatures. What a deal of madness there would have been' saved in the world, if they had always been kept strongly chained up at borne ! - ?Punch. - ^ Nellie Williams, a little lass not yet in her teens, publishes a tiny weekly sheet, at P,enfield, N Y,, called the Pen field Extra. She has the eole edi torial and publishing charge and is probably the youngest editress in the world. ' A singular incident of the attack on j Port H< nry is related by the -Evans ville Journal. The rains, which had j fallen for some days before the fi/ht, softened the.earthworks into a sore' of j hesiVy mud--during the engagement a j shof from-the Esssx threw a great wad I of this mud into the a u?zle of the ten inch columtald in the foit.. TherebJs not n-.tici.rig the queer cartridge thus furni&hed; them; rammed in theirs, and of cjuise drove the mud in a-head of it, filling up' the vent and chamber, so that the gun could not be fired. The Journal says the double load of mud srid'powder is still in the gun, and it .will take gome trouble to get it out. In a somewhat curious case in which Mr Neil John M'G Uivray claimed to be served heir to a landed estate in, Inverness-shire, on the ground that lie was,nearest of kin to the deceased, who was" a member of the Clan Chatta'n, to which by the titles of the estate the destination was restricted, the Court of Session has, by a unanimous decision of the First Division, set aside the j alleged rights of clanship. The Loid j President and L^rd Ivory were of opinion that there was nothing.tangible in the claim of the pursuer to exclude the lieir-ailaw. Lord Gurriehill held that while clanship was, even in the reign of James VI (of Scotland), an institution lecognised by law, the statutes passed in the reigns of George I. and. George II./which set forth that the obligations and services of clanship were inconsistent with the allegiance ol the subject, and the cessation of the usages of clanship which followed, had put an end to it, and therefore the destination of the property to members of the Clan Chattan was no longer operative. Lord Deas had no doubt that the condition of clanship remained in the investiture,, and was quite dis tinct ; still it was not a condition which the law could recognise aid give effect to. I hey could find no defini tion sufficient for judicial purposes of what a clan was, and, so* far as its alleged duties were concerned, these had now ceased to opejate or ^xist. . It is said that the case will probably be appealed to the House of Lords. Mr Smith O'Brein has challenged Sir Robert Peel to meet him in hostile combat in France or Belgium for his reflections on the " cabbage garden traitors." . , ? ' ENGLISH Su3JKCTS ABBOAD.-Any person who requires evidence of the solicitude with which England watches oser and protects her subjects (says a Frenclf paper), even the meanest of them, in whatever part of the world they may be, will find it in the follow, ing occurrence ;-" At the last assizes of the Bouches du Rhone, two English sailors were tried for murder. The court appointed M. Bouteille as advocate to defend them, and they were acquit ted. The English Consul at Marseilles hastened to Aix to thank the advocate, and offer him his fee, which he declined to accept, and the Consul left with the two sailors, whom he sent to England. Shortly afterwards M. Bouteille received a case cont lining the collection of English laws, >n five volumes, r chly bound, and bea<irjg Queen Victoria's arms, and. this inscription ' The English Government to M. Bout- ille, advocate at Aix, in recognition of the talent, zeal, and disinterestedness, with which be defended its subjects." SHURIDAN was once fpeDding a few days at Bri.-.t d, and wanted a pair of boots, but could not, as usual, pay for them. Shortly before he left he called on two bootnukets, and ordered a .pair of each, promising payment 0.1 delivery.' He fixed the morning at his riepanure fo; the trad'Smen to send in their gtoUs. When the fijst pair airived he tried on the boots, but complained tb- t the right one pinched a little, and ordered the messenger to take it b»ck and stretch it, and bnhg it back again Pt nihe next morning. The second arrived soon after, and this time it was the left boot which pinched. The same brder was given to the messenger as in the other ca-e, and .-soon after wards . Sheridan left in his. new boots fur town ONE of the most curious phenomena t)f the times is the passioa of ghost stories. Although no department of1 fiction is more monotonous or devoid of .oijginality than the supernatural, there is none more eagerly sought after at the' present moment. IcV an age pre-eminently distinguished for ifc< pro gress in-the exact sciences, we find the mo?tchildish credulity flourishing be neath the shadow of a sensuous and un reasoning materialism.-Spectator, 