DB. LIVINGSTONE S EXPEDITION. A LETTER has been reoeived (rom Dr. Livingston by the BUT. VY. Monk, Cambridge. It ia dated on beard ber Majesty's ship Pioneer, Shire Birer, January 9. After giving a brief acooant, Ibo extent, and atrocity of slave banting in that distrist, and also of a hostile enooanter bis party had with tho slave-banting natives, which has already appeared ia o previously published letter, he proceeds <o doBoriba the country in whian be has been travelling :-" Leaving the missionaries at a spot wbiob to the eyo looks as if Alteen miles south of Mount Zu*oba, and which will serve till a better iooality is se- lected, we returned to the Bhip, and in tho beginning of AugUBt carried a boat post Murchison's Catarao's. When we launched ber on the upper Shire we were virtually on the lake, though atilt sixty miloB distant, because the rivi r is all smooth and deep, and has a gentle cur- rent, On the 2nd of September wo eailrd into that island BOB. It is surrounded with mountains, and from them rush down furious tempests with great sud- denness. Tremendous swells get up in fifteen or twenty minute«, and, had you over crossed tba bar at Quilli mane, you would know what I mean when I say that terrific rollers came across the lake with wall-like sides and hairy heads, breaking in from seven to foor:een fatbome. Wo wero once oaught a mile Irom the shore, and oould neither advanoo nor recede fer six weary hourp; The men all dreadfully sea-sick, did not oare how Boen they went down, os they < were dead already.' The rollara broke either belora they roached or after they bad passed our anohoroge. The boat behaved admirably, mouuting np the steep billows like a sea-bird, but one roller breakino on her would have ended our exploration. After thia we wera lesa venturesome, and listened to the ntteranoe of oar seaman, John Ne)', BB if he had boon an oreóle. We Bailed along the weBlern abore, and found that aide to be a suaaeasion of hors. The southern end is shaped somewhat like Italy on the map; . The ankle of the boot la tho narrowoBt part, eighteen or twenty miles wide. It expanda towards tbe north to thirty.fire, then to fifty or sixty mito?. The length ia over 200 m:les, probably 220» Tho depth is very great« A fishing line found bottom in a bay at 100 fatties?, or 600 foef ; but o mile OO'siJe none was felt ot 110 fatbome, or 000 feet. There ore several small roJ"ífc'1 rofll,y islands , in Ibis lake wt:;S sro oavrred with forests, uninhabited, and used only BB fishing station?. De aohed rooka jut out adjacent to these islands, and to all the rooky headlands, wbiob will ba dangerous to navigators. With our present know* lodge, o Bliip could find onohorago only near tbs shore. Fish abound, and o prodigious population inhabits the shores, and they oa cb fish by largo nols, oroeie, hooks, torches, or poison. Alligator?, very well fed on fish, seldom or uover molest man, LU WO could botho in tho delicious cool waters whenever we otiose, n great luxury not to be enjoyed ia the Shire or the Zambee!. The peoplo were oivil-no duos were levied or floes dtmi.d'd ¡but slaving is the only trude. Colonel Big by, our Consul at Banzibor, says, in a letter to Sir Ocorge Orey, tbat 10,000 elavoa pasa through tho Custom-house there annually- all, or nearly ull, from Nyaaaa or Shire ; and be addp, ' If it should ever be possible to plaoa a steamer on Lake Nyaesa it will cut off the ohiof eupply of slaves to the eoBt coast.' Without knowing that gentle- man's opinion, wo have ordered a steamer from Glasgow, in twenty-four parts, which wo hops to carry past tho Cataracts os our next work. We expect her soon, and I shall not pen a syllable to you or anyone else lill it is accomplished. I pro/ to Bim in whose band aro 1 our time»' to permit me to aooomplish tbiB great sorviae. Then a path to the sea by Bovuma, or soma river in the domloiona of the Salton of Zanzibar, for we must have an ontlot to the Bea uncontrolled by the Portuguese. Fanoy the folly of our allies ; tbe Government builds a post at tbe mouth ot the Shiro, to bs enriched by ootlon duoB, while tbe people of Tette do oil in their powor to depopulate tho country from wbioh the cotton is to come. If we have onr own outlet, the cotton fluid, non 400 miles long, «ill be prolonged far to tbe north and woBt, and oar own English bouest poor maj live on the island, end bcooma blessings to Africo, oar own stieet berne, and to themselves. These are my hopes, and it ought tobe borne in mind that my expedition should be dated only from the possession of tbe Pioneer. I We wore forood to return by want ol food, when, es we have reason to believe, we were fa eight of the darb mountain masses in wbiob Lebe Nyasiet endsi Â tribe of Zulus, originally from the sontn, hnd made terriblo havoo among tbe labs people. We don't know why, as wo reoeived only one-Bidod Btatomer,ts, and never form an opinion on thatsort of evidence; but baroon skeletons and putrid bodies of the slain strewed the shores-'men's inhumanity to man makes oonutleas thousands mourn.' j I met Bevon of these Manta or Zulus ; they bebavod muoh as we may suppose old women of either sex would do if they fancied they had seen a ghost. In view of this tribo wandering np so far it strikes me that tho more work Christian people attempt the jooro their MaBter gives them to perform* The Bishop ol the Cape, with bis Kaffir College, is probably fitting ralssioaarins to labour muoh nearer the equator than he ever «oct rn* plated. I al trot a rejoloo to hear of efforts to spread oar blessed religion, no matter by whom, for I am sure that He who is head over all tbingB to His Ohuroh oonde. soends to aooept the hearty, though oltou feeble, effering of His people, and will guido all to glorious consumma- tion. This oolleae seems an admirable institution. Ere queùt Horma rendered lt navigable fgr "" ,0 Klempt otoaslog to find ont ell about tho matter for oursolvcs. It waa the flret time I ever waa forced back without ac- complishing «batí bad to do, but bad I time to tell yon all you would eeo that further progresa might have proved fatal to na; Weraturned to the npp>rmo-t cataract, slung oat boat to a shady troo, and walked borne, having in three months travelled, in going and ooming, six handrod miles. Anything 'anent*a growing interest in the mission of tho Chutoh will be alway B weloome; sys. tcmatio efforts to diffuse information ought to be made. Without boiog partioularly prone to grumble, I think there is room for a growl at tho missionaries enlisting for throo or five ymirs only. It ia probably from want of knowledge of mi-sionary work in Afrloaj very few leave Afrloa without winding io oome bask again, so it may all turn ont right at last. I hear that the Free Ohurob of Scotland contemplâtes a mission oat here, and the United Free Methodists aro Bending another minion under Dr. Kr»pf to the east coast. 'JTbore is room for all, ind for moro than will ever come. Burrap, Diaken. son, and Clarke, cn tn o up the Shiro in common oountry oanoes, without knowing a word of tho longuogi or a blt or tba way. Burrup came first. Ia tt o dusk of the evening, on tbs lOili of November, I discerned a oanoe struggling down a point of the land Dakannrrols. Some English words emitted therefrom made me prick up my ears, andi said, "pull to Ibo port side.". " What aide is that ? * responded, Burrup. A capital fellow is he. j 