EemuiiBcences of a Three Months' Sojoura in Newcastle and Maitland, but parti cularly in tho former. By Rob the Ranter. (Written expressly for the Newcastle Chronicle.) It was one cold morning at early dawn,* about the 10th of June, 1861, that I ar of two hundred miles, to get treated for a bronchial disease of the lungs, and an aneurysm of one of the arteries of the right breast by a certain famous, and justly celebrated disciple of Esculapius, who dwelt in that city. Being a perfect stranger, I had some difficulty at first in procuring suitable lodgings, but at last succeeded in arranging matters at the Prince of Wales Hotel, worthily presided over by "mine host" Lewis Jones. My disease, though not very painful, was of that slow, insidions character, which induces extreme melan choly to gather, with great debility, and prostration both of physical and mental energy ; consequently I had little relish for conversation or society, and seldom mixed with any company, save that which chance or circumstances unavoidably brought me into contact with, at my lodgings. Having nothing to do, I often used to indulge in long rambles, wandering here and there, solitary and alone, in ' melancholy medita tive mood,' viewing the scenery and natural curiosities of the city and its environs. Almost every object I beheld was new to me, and on that account interesting, drawing my attention and exciting my admiration, though others passed them by, pronouncing them 'very common,' while the townspeople went a step further, by affirming they were ' nothing at all.' The render may feel somewhat surprised that I should see anything in Newcnstle so very new and interesting^, but his astonish ment will cease when I inform him, that this was the first city or seaport town I had seen for a period ranging over twenty- three years, that being the lenqth of time since I had left the ' Land 0' Cakes,'' for New South Wales; but being then only about two years old, I had not the least recollec tion of tho embarkatien at home, the voy age across the ''saut sea," or the landing at Sydney from the good ship Coromandel, on the 2nd October. 1838. From Sydney, we proceeded a distance of two hundred and odd miles into the far interior, inhabited at that time almost exclusively by the wild, untutored aboriginals, and scarcely less uncivilised white convict population, for the most part a rude. illiterate, and in some cases, as equally ferocious a set of beings as the sable races by which they were sur rounded. These "old lags," as they were termed, were never very choice nor instruc tive in their discourses, which were at all times plentifully garnished with oaths, and generally about bullocks, horses, or sheep ; and when these local subjects became stale or exhausted, they were occasionally varied by the introduction of minute and sicken ing details of the numerous bacchanalian revels, lewd scenes and exploits they had witnessed, or taken an active part in, both at home and abroad ; and these "yarns" again were interspersed here and there with anecdotes of bushrangers, and the cruel robberies and cold-blooded murders they had perpetrated. Thus reared during the earlier years of my boyhood, amidst, and in almost daily contact with, these rude specimens of hu manity, can it be wondered at that I grew up in almost to that ignorance of the great world at large, as well as with the refine ment, conventionalities, and usages of gen teel society, or that I should be, even now, (though I' have since become better ac quainted with the world, and with a more refined and intelligent class of associates,) somewhat ' rude and uncouth in my mann ner; and address, and strangely ignorant on many subjects, on which the well- educated, travelled man of the world is perfectly at home. But though thus brought up, as it were, in an atmosphsre of ignoranoe and moral depravity, I generally contrived to keep myself superior to the greater bulk of those by whom I was surrounded, and though I could not help often witnessing, and being acquainted with many of their vices, I did not practice them. Yet, perhaps, I did not escape altogether scatheless. It is said, 'custom is seoond nature," and though I did not imbibe many of their loose princi ples, yet my early familiarity with their nu merous evil practices, may have had the effect of somewhat blunting the finer feel ings, and moral sensibilities of my nature, notwithstanding that I exercised a continual and rigid surveillance over myself to pre vent their influences. At an early age I evinced a taste for reading, which, though there were no schools in the bush then, and very few even now, I was partially enabled to gratify — thanks to an affectionate mother nnd a lady friend, both alas, now no more — who taught me the rudiments of reading and writing. Though often forced by circumstances to associate with worthless characters, whom I could not help despising, I absented myself from them on every possible occasion, and seizing some favorite volume, would plunge into the pathless forests, where, in 'solitude and silence, my thirsty soul could drink in the streams of knowledge, as they flowed pure nnd unpolluted from the ' Storied page," over which I pored. There I made myself acquainted with many of the great and good of different ages; with illustrious heroes, who, not actuated by ambition, or a desire of personal aggrandisement, but by tho purest and noblest feelings of humanity, had employed tho prowess of their glorious and invincible arms in hurling despots and tyrants from their bloody thrones, and in restoring oppressed, down-trodden, and en slaved nations to liberty, and. the enjoyment of freedom and happiness ; and with heroes of a still higher order— heroes of the quill — men who had spent their lives, and em- ployed their mighty minds and powerful pens in subverting the reign of Ignorance, and bursting the bonds of Superstition and Pre- judice, which had so loug bound the human mind in the chains of Error, and in illu- minating and improving the benighted un- derstandings of the masses of their own times, nor them alone, lor their examples, experiences, and opinions, recorded in books the emanations of their stupendous intel- lects, nnd bequeathed to us as legacies, still continue to improve and enlighten our race, and throughout all the succeeding genera- tions of mankind, their beneficial influences will be as lasting as the memories of their authors, which shall only perish when tirao itself shall be no more. I trust the indulgent reader will pardon this digression, which has not been dictated by egotism, or a vain desire to give a short autobiographical sketch of my early life, but because it was partially necessary, in order to show that though 1 had heard and read a good deal, I. had little or no actual acquaintance with, the world, excepting that portion of it where I had been reared, or with its curiosities, natural or artificial, or with the numerous and wonderful achieve- ments of modern science and art. Hence, nearly everything I beheld was novel and interesting to me. The ever-restless ocean, with its shores of rock and sand, its myriads of finny inhabitants disporting themselves in its fathomless depths, and its wavy bosom gemmed with the richly-laden crafts of all nations, bound to every part of the known world ; the busy wharf with its piles of costly merchandise, its gigantic steam- cranes, raising huge trucks containing many tons of coal, and swinging them round with as much case as if they had been mere feathers ; the numerous railways, with their cuttings, tunnellings, and raised ways, their seemingly endless lines of iron rails, laid on transverse sleepers of wood, along which, ever and anon, hurried with arrowy swift- ness the smoko-wreathed hissing, puffing engines, drawing their long trains of linked carriages, laden with merchandise and hu- man souls ; the telegraph, with its whitened posts of immense altitude, extending and rising at long intervals through the town, and seeming, when seen through the uncer tain gloom of twilight, or the darker shades of night, like huge solitary spectres, or the tall ghosts of some departed race of primeval giants; the telegraph office itself, with its many mystic wires, its, to me, incompre- hensible machinery and revolving wheels, its apparently interminable length of per- forated tape, continually coiling and uncoil ing itself from a refulgent brass cylinder ; the shrewd-looking master going through the routine of his business with the preci- sion, regularity, and, I may add, the immo- bility of an automaton. All these, dear reader, and fifty other objects that met my distended visual organs, were perfectly new to me, and therefore, as a natural couse- sequence, could not be otherwise than in- teresting. Even the very coals that burned and sparkled on the grate, and which, while they diffused light and warmth to the outer man, were generally giving the coup de grace to some culinary preparation, destined to comfort the inner one also, was a commodity I had never seen before, wool being the only kind of fuel I had previously been ac- quainter with in the bush. One of my first excursions from New- castle was a visit to the Tunnel, an exten- sive coal mine, some three miles distant from the city. 1 had previously heard so much of this tunnel from bushmen like my- self, who had visited it, that I had conceived on insatiable longing to see it, and, as I sulied from the Prince of Wales to meet the coal train in the vicinity of tho Pottery, I felt a glow of pleasurable excitement pre- vading my bosom at the anticipation of having this ultima thule gratified. I had scarcely time to seat myself e'er the whistle sounded, and we shot along at a moderate pace. The road on each side was lined with tastefully built cottages, the residences of the miners and their families. These dwel- lings were in general surrounded by small, but well laid out, gardens, with a plot in front devoted to the cultivation of flowers and various kinds of exotics, but, unques- tionably, the fairest flowers that met my eyes were the miners handsome daughters, as they came to gaze at us from the doors and windows, and desplayed a pair of rosy cheeks, and a captivating face, illuminated by a pair of bright, wicked, killing eyes, one glance from which was enough to destroy a poor follows peace of mind for a month to come at least. Some half mile or so from the Tunnel the buildings ceased altogether, and the ranges on each side began rapidly to converge, forming a dark, narrow, tor- tuous ravine, up which the train moved with some difficulty, as the incline was pretty steep. It was a wild, dismal- looking place indeed. The ranges on both sides the ravine were steep and precipitous, covered prin- cipally with a thick and almost impenetrable undergrowth of tangled brushwood and wild mountain vine's, broken at intervals with huge chaotic masses of dark, jagged rock, and varied here nnd there with tho appearance of some gigantic monarch of the forest, rearing high its dusky trunk and giant arms, overtoping and looking down on his surrounding brethren of lesser atti- tude with an air of silent majesty.' The farther up we went, the scene grew wilder and wilder, and darker and darker, and it really seemed as if we were approaching the dominions of Old Nick himself. From a huge heap of burning coal or "slack'' rose vast clouds of dun-ooloured smoke, wholly intercepting the rays of the sun, or giving them a red, lurid, unnatural appearance, and shrouding and enveloping every object in dim nnd horrible indistinctness. I must confess I now began to feel rather nervous; vague recollections of various passages in 'Dantes' Inferno,' descriptive of the in- fernal regions, began to rush wildly through my brain, and on reaching the Tunnel, and seeing some .written notice over tho entrance 1 ran forward fully expecting to see the identical inscription which the immortal poet beheld on tho portals of Hell :—" All hope abandon ye who enter here.' How- ever I was agreeably surprised to find it was merely a notice, written by some heavy masculine hand, in cablistic characters, and in complete defiance of all the kno»m rules of orthography and grammer, and with less respect for the proper position of the capital letters, requesting a meeting of the miners to consider some question relative to the im- pending strike. - Meeting with one of the Messrs. Patricks, with whom I had some previous acquain- tance, and who was about to enter the Tunnel for a load, he kindly volunteered to take me with him, and give me a ride in his little truck, dravvn by one horse. I thank- fully embraced the friendly offer, and having been provided with a small collier's lamp, resembling in shape a miniture tea-pot, stuck in the ribbon of my hat, I mounted the sooty-like vehicle along with my friend and- entered tho Tunnel. As we re- ceeded from the entrance, the light of day grew fainter and fainter, till finally it dis- appeared altogether, and everything before and behind us was shrouded in cimmerian darkness, save the small space immediately around us, which was lighted up with our lamps, whoso strong red glare fell on tho jagged roof and walls of the Tunnel, from which the moisture exuded in copious streams. The exhalations arising from tho damp lloors and walls, and the heavy at- mosphere, impregnated with the fumes and smoke of burning lamps and blasting pow- der, thereby producing an efflusive, whose remorseless attack on my olfactory organs quickly dissapated any reminiscences of ea de colonge or scent shops with which I happened to be regaling myself at the time, and soon had a very perceptable and dis- agreeable effect on my respiratory organs A feeling of sickness, dizziness, and nausea and complete exhaustion seized me, and al- though I had never fainted in my life, nor seen others in that state, I was afraid I would do so on this occasion, or, perhaps, what was infinately worse, die altogether, and as the probability of this last occur- rence flashed across my mind, a sensation of horror and secret dread took possession of my soul. I was not ono of those who entertained a slavish fear of death, but yet, like many more in this sinful world, I al- ways flattered myself I would be better prepared to die to-morrow than to-day, and the thought of having to 'shuffle off my mortal coil'' in this horrid hole, which, dark grim, and dismal, and all as it was, might be a perfect Elysium, when compared with the locality to which I might be assigned in the next world, perfectly annihilated any little amount of moral courage I possessed. To contemplate dying on a bed, seeing and seen bv my friends, beneath tho blessed light of that Heaven to which I hoped to ascend was cheerless enough, -but to yield up the ghost in a filthy coal waggon, burried in the bowels of the earth, in the subterranean recesses of this miniture hell, shrouded in such pitchy, palpable, darkness. that to use a Paddyism, " I could'nt be afiher seein myshelf doi,' was horrible. All and everything -appeared to have conspired against me to make me miserable, and as if the interior of my cranium was not pain- ful enough already from the crowd of nap- palling ideas that were filling it almost to bursting, it was ever and anon receiving an unceremonious bump from some projecting portion of the roof, as from time to time 1 incautiously raised it, in a vain endeavour to pierce the gloom that surrounded us. bitterly cursing the illstarred curiosity that had led me hither, and which I need scarcely inform the reader was now more than satis- fied, although as yet we had not proceeded more than 200 yards. I implored Mr Patrick, if he had the slightest grain of tender compassion in his composition, to turn his waggon, and restore me once more to the outer regions of light and liberty, if it were only to die. This he informed me was impossible, as the vehicle ran on rails and could not be turned till it reached the end of the line, but he tried to encourage me by telling me we had only about a quarter of a mile to go now ; after all the agonies, physical and mental, I had endured along the 200 yards which we had as yet traversed, perfectly horrified me, and as to the consoling assurance 'that the farther I went I would feel the better, and get used to it," I thought it somewhat analogus to to that administered by a certain hangman to his victim, who, on expressing a dread of the rope, was assured that "though, it moight feel rayther toightish a bit fair the fust kipple 0' minits or so, it wuld bo nothin at awl arter that." However there was no help for me, and with an involuntary ex- clamation of ' Oh ! dear, this is horrid !'' I summoned what little philosophy I could muster, and with the fortitude of a martyr resigned myself to tho evils I could not avoid, and on wo sped, preserving a pro found and almost, painful silence. Once or twice I became doubtful as to whether I was not actually dead although I was not aware of it, but on trying to force a ' hem ' and a little cough or two, I succeeded, and became convinced of the pleasing fact that 1 was not defunct yet at all events, but was still in the body. This gave me encourage- ment, and, as my friend had predicted, 1 began to feel decidedly better, and get used to the uncongenial atmosphere. With re- viving spirits my curiosity returned, and I commenced to examine, us well as the dim light of our lamps and the speed at whioh we were hurrying would allow, the walls on each side of the passage along which we were going. The passage we were travers- ing, and which appeared to be the main one, seemed to be about 12 or 14 foot wide, with two sets of rails laid down, so that two waggons or. trucks could conveniently pass eash other going in and out. The roof appeared to be principally formed of solid rock, which obviated the necessity of sup- ports, but the walls, except where intersected by veins of rock, were chiefly composed of different layers or seams of coal, varying from three to seven feet In thickness, though in some parts of the mine, I was informed, they are as much as nine feet through and and through. Many millions of tons of coal have been extracted from this mine, and supply seems as inexhaustable as ever. From the sides of the main tunnel numerous smaller ones branch off, penetrating far into the surrounding hills, some of these are ex- hausted, some in full working order, and others only in a state of formation. (To be continued.) 