THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. X1IEATKE IIOYAL Tlio management mode a wise selection when they choas ' Hamlet' aa the play in which Mr. Barry Sullivan should make his debut upon Ibe Australian stage. Without taking into consideration the fact that it wr\3 in this part that lie acquired bis reputation, or that the hero so completely nbcotbs the attention of (ho audience timt the demerits of .in inferior company wonll be less patent tlinn usual, ' Uemlet' is above nil others ihe- tragedy which has sunk mo-t deeply into tho henna of Englishmen. Almost every intelligent play-goer hns pondered deeply over tho dcfcc'.s and the beauties ot Ibis magnificent production. Upon ' Hamlet'! every com mentator and ciitic has exhausted himself: ench has discovered fresh beauties, each has pointed out (laws, tbe existence of which ?nts hitherto unknown and unsus pected. With the exception of Voltaire, who could only discover in it the labours of a drunken eavago, each critic has treated Shaksperc's masterpicco with the reverence due to tho creation of tho highest genius. Schlegel and Goethe, Colerldgo and Ilnzlitr, hava by turns done all in their power to mako the character of iiunuot taminar 10 ournunua; to explain me inaction which accompanies tbe possession of great mental abi lity; the reasons why tho ? resolution of the Prince li 'unequal to tho migbly task be has undertakes tn perform. Most of us baro formed an ideal Hamlet; and we therefore go to Ihe theatro for the purpose of seeing hew. far tbe delincatioa of the artist accords with the result of our own creative facultv. Accordingly, the houso wns crowded on Saturday n/jjht by a highly respectable and critical audieLce, and Mr. Sullivan, who was suffering Irom a hoirsencs?, f:oin which be ha- not rccovored during the wcik, and who, moreover, was- mist wretchedly eupp-rlcd, wa? tub jcetcd to a most crucial test. DeEpitethe difficulties under which In was labouring, he ndiieved a complete triumph, and in our opinion, litt Hamlet is, nith tho oxcrptiou, perhaps, of that oi M. Fechter. tbe finest now on the Bttge. It may be urgtd that, nltbou;h tho performance was that of n cultivated and intellectual scholar, it displayed .no genius,— that it did not electrify tlio audience. Wo would remind fuch detrac-. tors of tbe judgment upon Garrick, delivered by a oountry gentleman, who, being asked what he t lit light of the Hamlet ot that actor/replicd tint ' it was not acting at all ; any prince who snw a gh- st would have bi - , kaved binifclf just as Mr. Gsrrick did, but that the m*n wbo played Horatio was an notor, — no man everjwkavcd as bo did.' It must not ho forgotten tint llaniiot'd peculiar idioyyncracios are his quietud#»ni rcficeilon. He is wrapped up in bis own thoucbl*, aud thinks aloud. There Bhould, therefore, be no^toiKin? at the nudicneo, no rant, no mere declaina'jon.* There should ho ni little of tbe actor and as luutb tn possihle of the crontleinan uuu suiK'iur. n.J'iipavr cduihb luny iuqqgu luubu iae unskilful applaud, but cannot but make the judicious grieve. Hamlet ii the tno-t gentlo of mitanthmpos, and allhoujrliJiU words to both Ophelia and the Qartn may be liAtrfi, bodo£-» not even Iry to conceal tbe love bo bears thtm both. Mr. Sullivan, although not pocsegting ^commanding, lias a graceful figure, an expressive face, and looks and wulks like a tragedian. In the fencing scene hia knowledge of his weapon stood him in good stead, and it in quits clear that be has studied with great care and attention tho many trifling details which in the aggregate amount to so much. Mr. Sullivan adopts somo of the innovations of tbe modern school, and bis performance dificrs in a striking mannerfrom that of either Phelps or Macrcady. Same of the readings arid business which be lias introduced, have at any rate the merit of novelty. In thcinterviewwith Ophelia, be shows that his behaviour is mere simulation, by causing tbe King to crosj tho stage at tho commencement of the IIIICI VISff, 111 DUk.ll U IMUIM1CI lUUli 1IU JS OCCI1 V1f UUV1I Hamlet and the audience. Mr. Sullivan, by a powerful effort represses any ebullition of tenderness throughout the scene, but at tho end be. is no longer master of himself, and be kisses the brow of bis mistress with all tho ardour of a lover, thus at once explaining tbe dis appointed hope, the affection suspended but. not obliter ated, with which Hamlot'n breast was filled. Again, in the famous soliloquy ' To be or not to be,' by pausing between the' words 'to sleep,' and 'no more,' bo conveys the im pression that in his opinion, to die is no more than to sleep, a feeling which, judging from Hamlet's dread of suicide, was not entertained by him. In tho scene with Kosencrantz and GuildeiuUeru, where bo saja to the latter, 'lam but mad, north, north-west; when the wind is southerly; I know a hawk from a handsaw,' Mr. Sullivan renders it ' I know a hawk from a heron ; p'shaw.' In this, too, we think he is wrong. Sir J. Hanmer did indeed suggest that the handsaw was a corruption of ueronsuaw, uut ' I know a hawk from * handsaw,' wan, according to Mr. Collier, a common expression in the time of tibakspcrc. In thojeene with his mother, Mr. Sullivan, in our opuiion, correctly apostrophised the tivo portraits as it they were on the wulls, instead of referring to miniatures worn by tho Queen ; while in one of the soenes with Kosencrantz, the remark that ' those whojaade mows at my uncle while my father lived, giv».now twenty, forty, ay a hundred ducats for bis picture In little,' is cvokejby seeing the miniature of die reigning king around the courtier's neck. Iu tbo first act, whore hv breaks from bis friends to obey tho command of bis father, he keeps his sword ^olojcd behind him, so as to prevent Horatio and Mar .cetliis from following, instead of holding it before ?liiin to protect him from the ghost. In this be follows tho example of tbo elder Keau. In the last act, we do not approve of Mr. Sullivan smelling his finger after 'touching the skull, eo nasty a proof of tbe unpleasant aroma being beneath tho dignity of tragedy; but his delivery of the speeches in which he discourses on tho mutability of human affairs and tlio s'.rango uses to which our bodies may bo put, was faultless, and his spirited action when ho makes himself known to the mourners and encounters Laertes, contrasted forcibly with the bitterness which he infused into the .cocduding lineB— ' I.ct ncrcnlcs hlmfelfdo what be may. xnucut win mew, iuu uuk wui /iutu ins ua}». The death scene was perfection, becauso it was the antitbesii of the melodramatic exhibitions ono occasion ally see3 ; and the delhrery of tho words, 'The rest ii silence'— upon which tbe curtain wns wisely allowed to fall, was pathos iUelf. We do not fed inclined to devote much space to chronicling the doings of tho other actors. Mr. W»rner's flno elocution was displayed to groat advantage 1n tho part of the Ghost; and Mr. Edwards played Laertes smoothly. Miss Gougenbeim, though scarcely adapted for tbo part of Ophelia, acted carefully; anil Mrs. l'oolo was a respectable Queen. Mr. II. Jackson made the Gravedigger too much of a buffoon, but succeeded in making his audience laugb. Tho otber characters wero execrably tilled. They looked like persons wbo ' Neither having tbe acceut of Christians, nor tlio gait of chrUtlan, pagan, nor man, have so strutted and bellowed, that I bava thought some of Naturo's journeymen had made them, and not made them well, they imitated humanity so abominably.' They would bave disgraced llichardeon's show ; and we can only express our very strong opinion, that if Mr. Sullivan is to be a trump card he must be supported in a very different manner. ' Richelieu' is to be the next tragedy, and 'Bicbard III.' and 'Tbe Gamester' are both announced as being in rehearsal. Although Mr. Bourcicault's sensation dramas are tho3o by which he is best known, and by which his pecuniary resources have been most largely increased, tbo judicious few will always prefer bis earlier produc tion*, and will pi a co 'London Assurance' on a far higher level than even 'The Colleen Bawn.' The story is -interesting, the language sparkles with wit, and thecbaractersnredrawn with conaummatejkill. The cl-dovant beau, vain of bis personal attractions, and bis powers of pleasing, tbo jovial squire, tho bustling runt : attorney, tbe man about town, tho dashing Amazon, and tbe high spirited country girl, even the 'peri' lady'u moid and the 'cool' -volet, even if a little exaggerated, leavo behind a very vivid impression. Written at a timo when Ilia legitimate drama was «UU in existence, arid when a strong prejudice existed In favour of the conventional flvo acts, ' London As surance' is almost the last genuine English comedy, and as such possesses a peculiar interest. Its production at this theatra.on Saturday, was marked with the rare usually, bestowed by the management in mounting their pieces, and tbe cist was tbe strongest now possible In the colony. Mr. Jefferson set an excellent example to gentlemen of far lesa standing in the profestlou by playing tho'subordinate part of Meddl«. Jinrevanche, however, be infused fio much life and individuality into the character, that be made it one of tbe principal in the comedy. Mr. Lambert.'.-) portraiture of Sir Harcourt Courtley was in this excellent actor's beat stylo. His senile foppery, the courtly mode with which ho treated Miss Harkaway, and thojuvenile airs and graces be assumed when endeavouring to captivate Lady Gay Spanker, were ndtnirablo, and he brought out very strongly the high-bred feeling with which despilo nil bis foibles Sir Harcourt is imbued. Mr. Stewart wa9 stolid and sententious as Dolly Spanker, and his after dinner dignity wan us uau-iipsy siaieuness wero cievony pourtrayed. Mr. Hanrood looked tho country gentle man to tho life, Mr. Ireland was a quiet andgentlemanly Charles Courtloy, and even Mr. Gladstone was tolerably successful as Coo), Tbe Dazzlo of Mr. Heir did not please us. It wanted case and finish, inBtcad of being a perfect, master pf the :art' of plowing, tho wily adven turer was made to appear almost ,a cynic. Mrs. Heir Elayed Lady Gay Spanker carefully, but was scarcely so appy as usual; she did not rise abovo respectability, and did not succeed iu thoroughly interpreting. the character. Miss Dunn was a graceful Miss Ilarkaway, and Miss Green a coquettish Vert The Lady of Munster, in which Miss Novllla played Kate O'i}rl»n, and sang , two songs very, charmingly, was the afterpiece, and with 'tho coined v has been played throughout the week. ' . - .TIABIHIS'* I1«YAI, I-YOKOJUI. .: Tho ' Strawberry Girl of New York1' retains pnBics s'on of the stage. A young lady, Miss Frances Geor g'ana Clarke, ms'to her debut ou Monday night, In the character of Knte O'Brien, In Perfection, but oho did uob disjilay any pcouliar talent, although with care and ftVlfCHLlUJl P11U JIlljjIIU uuvniu . i» t loptutMMj' jiuatttiMi an -? stock nclrcfs. One-half of tho gross receipts on Thurs day and Jfab evening, were to hj devoted to tbo funds of tho Melbourne Hoiipltal, nil announcement .which attracted gocd Iiouscb. Mon?. Schitidt and Modtimc Tbcreso bnvo btcu euRapod, rnd np/icnrad for the first limo nn Tliutflilny cvonnig, In tho ballet 'Lal'illo del' Air.' Tlin AFOI.I.O MUSIC IUXL. - Despite the attneiiana eltewhern, thi» iiiTOurlte placo ol ambsementiaibtcn liberally pnttoniaed. 'I he prin cip»l -novcl»y of tb» week ba» lefn -bo eelcctions Ircra Ia Sounamhuln and MBritai n, which were executed in flie stylo b'y Madanio Csrandinl, Mr. tihtrwin, and tbo oUior.meicbers of the company. rjnovjtscirAX. BALLAAtiAT.— 'Sarah, tho Crco.'c,'' rras tho great, attraction at I1 c Iioyal durinp tbo curly part of Ibe week, and ? n Thursony 'Jnnet l'ride' wns revived, Mr. Udwords makiug his ror-]'pe/ran:o as Eichnrd Pride. \ BENDrao —Mr. Geo. Fnwcett »nd M:s- Julia Mn Ihews concluded )tl:c!r engagement o'. tho Lyceum on Wednesday evening, and returned to Melt 011:11c oil Thursday morning. ? ? Geklohq.— On Saturday mil WtdnesJay the rliorama of the Exploring .Expedition was shewn nt the Theatre' Koynl for tbo bentrll of tl c widpw nnd children of the late Mr. Gco.' Mddows. ' . . cai.osm. Adf.i.atde. — Tho following is culled from tho Obitrvir. of 2nd August: — ' Bain above and mud below seem insufficient to deter tho lovers of fun from wilnessing tho. revels of Grevlllo and Co. every evening. Tho faiclcdl comedietta of tho ' Governor's Wife,' wiih Iho extravoganzn of 'Bluo Beard' attracted n numerous auditory on Monday evening; and if they went, as wo suppose they did, to bo amused, their continuous laughter boro hearty evidence to tho effect that they, wore nut disappointed. Mr. Greville, ns the pretended Governor, nnd, Miss Koso Kdouin, personating . bis intended and newly-imported wile, were very amusing, and they were well supported by Mr. Sbutc ns Xob tho Nigger. ?'Blue Beard,' to thoso who can enjoy n burlesque— and they seem to form a tare* family — Is a great treat. It excels all that went before it in the recklessness of its puna nnd tho exlravagnnco jafjli! humour. In addition also to tbo fun pr' per tnjbepiece, thero WO3 introduced a version of 'Tte^-trfect Cure,' with soveral really clever local ..illusions The per formance went o(f wich greatvpirit, and was enjoyed immensely by the audieueein all parts of tho bouse. A comic danco by iV'iltio TEdouin and little Julie wns a great treat,, (and sufficient with tho 'Perfect Cure' to send every one away perfectly satisfied with tho efforts of .th* -company to entertain them. BnitTON's Circus performed stCastlemnlno on Fri day nid Saturday, anil nt T«rrcnconrr on Monday; Dbath 01 Johx Dncw.— Wo regret to ieo in tbo EngliJi papers that this excellent delineator of Irish characters died nt New York on the 31st liny last. Mn. Cuaules Dickens.— Wo rcgrot 10 learn that there is no immediate prospect of Hii;c,cnt'tm«ii visiting Victoria In Ilia courso of nn interview witn Mr. Splois, bo etnted that bis ennagomtnts in Enplinirl would, fur the present, prevent) Mn nccentnnco of I ho liberal offer mario by Messrs. Spiern nnd Pond. iMronTAST to Manaoeiis.— A case was tried in Adelaide on the 30th nil., at to whether a person hold ing a season ticket for tbo boxes could claim admission into any otber part of the house. The plaintiff, who is a solicitor, was tho bolder of a season ticket, but on: bis attempting to pass wilh it into the stalls, he was told that it could only bo used for the boxes: As there was no notification bn thd ticket to ihnt effect, the plaintiff brought the action simply to try the question. Mr. Solomon explained that nil ibo tickets bad a notice on them, that tbe. holder, was, entitled to introduce n lady or ladies at hnlf-pn'co to tba drcss-circ.'e, and the object nf it was well known to bo for the accommodation of the heads of families, who could take their wives and daughters nt a reduced price, to the dreas-circlc, wilh tbe monthly tickets,' so tbat there should be no necessity for him to rerluca hia prices to tbo general public. Judgment for the defendant. M bssrs/- Poussakd ? AND- Douat.— These talented instrumentalists are still in South Australia, and are likely to remain there for some time to come. After performing for flvo weeks in Adelaide, during which time they gave more than twenty concerts, they started on a tour in the north ; and their career in tbo country has been a continuation of the success a:blevpd by them in the metropolis. Tbeir last concert at the Hurra, took place on Wednesday, tho 23rd July, after which they started on their return to Adelaide, being advertised to give a final concert in nine townabipa on tho wujr.rThe' special attraction reserved for those final concerts Is the musical poem of ' The Doad Xlaoes? based on tho composition entitled tbe 'Srpiring Explorers,' per fnrmpil bv Mejtnrs. Barnard nnd Douav floma lima ninca in Melbourne.- The pieco bus been considerably aug mcnloi -*nfl improved by tho composers during their reaulencc in Adelaide, so that it now plays more than TmiC-nn hour; nnd its performance in tho sister colony appeare to have excited great interest. Oil returning from the north Messrs. Poussard and Douay are advertised to appear at Wallaroo, where the now copper mines have attracted a very largo population ; and as they will subsequently visit tbo southern district*, it is not likely tbat they will appear again in Adelaide for some weeks. Messrs. Poussard and Douay are accom panied by Miss Amelia Baily, who, according to tbe newspapers has created a favourable impression ns a ballad singer, and wbo is also highly spoken of in tho notices of some Bacrcd conceits given by Messrs. Poussard and Douay. Mr. G. V. BrtooKB aud Miss Avonia Jones — Mr. G. V. Brcokc, the tragedian, was diBchaigcd from custody nt tbo Birmingham Court of Bankruptcy on Iho 58 ih of May list Siuco then ha an 1 Miss Avoiiia Jones have been performing in Manchester. Xh« Jlfan chater Examiner of the 17th tbiu jurtioes -the perform ance of ' Mnobcth,' lor IboienrfH ol Misi Jones :— 'Tho gre?t and ever iut«re»tlng tragedy, 'Maolioth,' waslaa: night giveniur tbe benefit of Mi s Avonia Jones, who has evidently gained friends among our playgoeis during n brief cngogement. On this occasion uho 1'nd secured tho services of Mr. Gus'nvus B.ooke, nnd, is tb s geullc mnn had not nprct.red in Mnncbcster for some ten or eleven yoars, thero could ho no aurprijo felt at Fcelnp; tho theatro crammed tn excess in every part— stall1, boxes, plf, and ga'laiy all (qualJy crowded. Mr. Brooke, 011 his app'enrauco with Bnnquo en tto heath, -was received in tbo n.os'. enthusiastic manner. There is no denying a largo amount of intelligence In the reading of this actor; bnt tho gnat blcniMi of tho 1 resent day— tlio extravacancs of eniDlusis and facial expression, — crcatly Interfere with what our old memories consider legitimate acting. A fcro»t r.onion of tbo audienco did not, liowovcr, seem to iwroo with us, for at tbe end of tbo fin-t not thera wni a loud and per sovtrlng call for Sir. Bronkc, wlio grnchusly shar«d tlio compliment with Miss Jrnei, win played tho part of Lady Machctb, n performance scaicely iqual to the Medea. She carries into this tho tmnc artificial man ner tbat wna in harmony with tbe classical foim of tho previous drama.'' 