A STRANGE STORY. Forbóe, iii his'Oriental Memoirs ? tells the following story. ?? Speaking of tho prevalence ; of Divination in India, ho says :- . 1 . " Oliost-iourB mid astrologers aro innumerable in India, and millions beliovo in thoir stipernatural powaraji- many wander about like gipsies ; but only a few Brahmins uso tho prophetic power with à certain dignity and modesty. I will give a short account of one of those Brahmins os aii'examplo." To understand tho following narrative, wo must hero remark that' at Forbes' arrival in Bombay in 17G5 thero wore threo parties. At the hoad of one stood Spencer, at tho other Crommelin j tho third was under tho leadership of Mr Hodges, Who, it is stlid, has boen deprived of the Governorship in au unjust (ind im- proper wanner. Hodges had on this account written a violent letter to the Governor and the council of tho Company,'and was, us'ho refused to retract what'he had written, removed from his Governorship of Surat, re called from Bombay, and dismissed from tho Company's service. Tho Government of Bombay had sont a roport of these proceedings to England. ? . Forbes continuos ns. follows :-" This ?Brohmin:was a young man when Hodges mudo bb acquaintance.- He was,but little known to the-Euglish, but was much cele- brated among the Hindoos,, at least on'the west coast of India. I believo that Hodges hud become acquainted W.ith. hun when ho was i English Resident in Bombay. Both became as intimate friends as tho diiTerenco in re- ligion and caste would permit. Tho Brahmin, 'an up- right man, oftou admonished his friend never to < depart from the path of virtue, which would lead him tojsuccess and honour, and to eternal Imppinoss. - To impress this exhortation upon his mind, lie- assured him that-ho would riso from tho situation he filled' in;Bombay to higher posts <in the Company's service; aftor that ho would bo Collector of Telliehory and- Surat, >'and -lastly Governor of- Bombay. ' Mr Hodges often':mentioned these prophecies to his friends, but himself paid little attention to them. It was only when ho gradually rose to these posts of honour that no placed-' moro confidence in tho Brahmin, particularly when ho Was named Col- lector of Surat. When, howovor, -in course öf timo, Spencer was named Governor, and Ifodgcs was dismissed from tho service of the Company, he atnt.to tho prophet, who at that tims was living at Bulpara, a sacred village on the.banks of the river ? Tnppj. ? Ile - went to llodgbs, and listened : to the disagreeable end of his hopes und endeavours. , Hodges finished by saying that ho should1 sail for Europe, «nd therefore did not expect tho brilliant fulfilment ol' the Brahmin's promises, lt was oyen said' that he lat fall BOHÍO reproaches during the conversation, on account ; of theso deceitful prophecies.j Tho Brahmin listened to »ll with1 ' great --composure, did uot move a muscle, and said :- . ïou ' 'seo this anto-chambar, and that room to.? whioh ' it leans; Mr Sponcor has reached tho portico, but will not enter the palace-ho has placed his foot on the j thresh- old, but" ho will not enter tho house. Notwithstanding ovory appearance to tho contrary, you will : re'aoli tho' honours and fill tho,clovated post, I.have, foretold, and to whicli ho luis boen appointed. A black cloud hangs before him. ...¡ ,., .-, Í '' Thia surprising prophoey waa goon known ih Surat and Bombay ;' it was tho topio of conversation iii-every society ; Bodges had, however, BO little confidence ir, it, that lie prepared to conunenco his voyage home. ! lathe meantiuie, . however, tho.' dispatches', had been recsived from Bombay, and an attswor was returned with un- usual'rapidity.' ' Tho"Court -Of ' Directors condomned Spencer's proceeding as Governor of Bengal, reversed Iiis oppoiutment to tho Governorship of Bombay,- dis- missed him from the Company's service, and Hodges became Governor. * ' - ". ' ! " " ïrom this time the Brahmin gained the greatest in- fluence over luis mind, and he undertook nothing1 of im- pórtanos without having asked the counsel of his friend; It is roinarkablo that tile Brahmin nsrer prophesied any- thing beyond tile Government of Bombay f »poke of bis j rotura home; but it was weU known that ka maintained \ a mysterious Bilanoo regarding the time after the ysar'j 1771\. Hodges died suddenly in tho night of february i ä2ud, 1771." ; Forbes gives s second scoount of tbs prediction af this.' lira ti min, given to a widow who was mourniag for ber. son. This prediction wis UUrally fulfilled. A third is' ss follows :-*' A few months- before my «eturú from ; India, a gentleman who was to fill a high situation in : India landed iu Bombay with his wife. Both : vere young and they bsd ono child. Ho loft his wifelwith o' .friend, and wont to Surat to arratigo his household ¡ she , was, to follow him in a short time. On tho évsning before tho day she was to start out for Surat, the friona ' with whom she. was staying entertained a large uoinpany, and among others the Bnihuiiiu .Ho introduced him to: tliOjComjiany, and bogged, bini in a .joke to foretold Uio futuro ol'the yoting couple, who, had. just arrived from1 Europe. To tho astonishment of tho, whole oompany, partiuularh/i tho young lady, tho Brahmin cast a look of "pity' upon her, and said, after an impresaiyo pituso, to tho mast or of tho housc, in Hindustûneo, "Her ¡cup ol' happiness is'full, but rapidly vanishing;l a bitter draught' remains,' for which.she must be prepared." ' Har hus-' band had' written that- ho :would bb'at Burst jwithro barquo. - Ho was not, however, there, and io. Iiis stead came ono of my friends with the ineasago -that ber hus- band was dnngoroualy ill. When she arrived, ho was auiforing from a violent attack of favor, arid died j in her arms..' -1 returned in tim same vessel witli tho widowi Buring, thc passage -tho.anniversary ' of-hor husband's daath took pla«." . .'.Af ? n >'. j 