GH03T STORIES. TO THE EDIT0E OF THE REGISTER. Sir— Let me assure your original correspondent that when I described him as 'a person calling himself 'A Churchman,' ' I did not suppose him to be a Dissenter. My complaint was that (shall I sii- mure nuuij iie uuu wnucn a leiierintnat style under an assumed name. In reply to 'Sceptical,' 1 have to observe that the story he refers to as having been repeated by me Ibut, as I want to use the lecture again, I hope he won't repeat anymore) was one of U-o of which 1 said that further authentication was wanted. I introduced it for the purpose of enlivening my lecture, and dismissed it with these words:— 'ft criticism should make out a good case against it as a true ghost story, at least I think we shall all admit it to be a firit-rate sailor's yarn.' ' Sceptical' is quite right in saying that such an appearance could not have been strictly a ghost, in the popular sense of the term; but my lecture dealt with all the phenomena of appar.tions, those commonly called doubles' among the rest Mr. Ibbetson makes one remark in reference to persons suffering under delirium tremens which leads roe to say that in that particular case 1 do not agree with him. In order to establish the reality of apparitions nne would have to make out, not only that a pen-on sees something, hut that that something has an external reality. From the cries of persons whose brain Ls in a state of inflam mation, I see evidence only of a disordered state of the functions of that organ, together with a morbid state of the imagination, aggravated by the accusations of conscience. There is a whole class of apparitions traceable to disordered states of the bodv, as those recorded by Nicolai of Berlin, by Sir D. Brewster, and others. All this, however, cannot account for those apparitions seen by several witnesses at the same time and place, nor for those in which the vision stands connected with events happening thousands of miles distant, nor, in fact, for any waking or dreaming visions in which the mind is enabled to transcend its normal faculties of knowledge, especially of the future. At the same time, other explanations may here after be offered, which will render the hypo thesis of supernatural illumination unnecessary. I submit that the reasonable course is, carefully to observe the phenomena, anil then to philosophize on established facts, in the light of such knowledge of the laws of matter and mind and their mutual relations as we happen to possess. When I made up my mind to lecture on a sub ject to which I thought people would listen for an hour with unflagging interest, I hail certainly no idea of being brought so very prominently before the public. I have no doubt you and your readers have had enojugh of the subject. I am, Sir, &c;, ALEX. IJ. RUSSELL. 