NEW ZEALAND. WE have pajera from Taranaki to the SlBt Deeember,. and from Auokland to the I8ih of the same month. A correspondent of .the Southern Crest writes as fal. lows respecting Slr George Grey's visit to the south. Tho first day of Sir George Groy's jonrney was egree.' able ; the weather WBB floe. Tbo first night was spent at Walters' inn, near Major Speedy'?. Tho next day Sir George Grey, and one of his party, accompanied by Maitai, rode on to Woiuku, tbe rest of the party following; in the afternoon. Sir Gt orge was weloemed by 109 natives, In tbe evening the natives bad o feast in at largo tent. His Excellency met them after the feast, when they made several speeches, whioh he answered. Tho Governor and party left Wuiukn on the 19th, shortly after six a.m., for tho great meeting at Archdeacon. MBunseli's, It ia reported that the king.nntivea are to bo there, and will give tbe king.flag to Sir George Grey,, but this I do not bolieva. The Governor end patty expcot to bo back in Auokland on Wednesday, the 18th. . The Nexo Zealanders correspondent writeB os follows : It was a thorough holiday at Waiaku, every man,, woman, and child, both of European and Maori rees, being assembled in tho village, and the présenos of sa many pretty lasses and young folkB bidB fair to tho futura prospects of this important settlement. At four o'olock the tables in tho tent were liberally supplied with beef, potatoes, plum pudding, oake, tea, ¿co., and from 100 to 180 Maories of the Ngatiteata tribe, interspersed with various Enroprnn settlcts, sat down to a hearty repast, several gentlemen soling as oarvers,. wait er B, &o.;, and all wont off in a most satisfactory manner. His Exoelltney was present doting tba repast and seemed to enjoy tho scene very highly.. Alter tho doth waa removed his Excellency took his , scat at the further and of the building, and tho follow. . ing MaorieB delivered appropriate addresses of wei» ¡ come:-Ahipcne, flori, 'lauron, Poaro, Moche,Pateos, Ibaia, llopata, Tipene, Aporaharoa, Poora, Te Kohl, , wbiob were replied to at His Excellency's requost by ! Mr. White, after whioh a congratulatory address wast , presented by tho Waiuku settlers and suitably responded [ to. All that seemed to be required to completo the I dav'a enjoyment was tho prosenco cf a band end mualc, j wl.'ioh would havo contributed greatly to the amusement , of all proeent. It WOB tao great a distance for tho , Volunteer Ki fl a Band," - or we are convinced they would gladly have lent their aid on snob an occasion, _ Thursday was spent by bis Excellency and party ia visiting the farms and homesteads of the various sar. \- rounding settlors, all of wbioh have grown up since hil , Excellency's last residence io New Zealand- On Thurs. ' day the party, accompanied by Mr. Fenton, prooeeded j on by tho Aweroa in a large war oanoo Bent down ex , presBly by Ibo natives for. tbeir conveyance to Kohangi, tbeBev. Arthdeaecn MaunBoll's missionary B'at ion. j The inhabitanta of Waiuku, as well BS of tbe Waikato and surrounding district?, are very eolicitous for the in. j provement of thia Awaroa Creek, which may be , rendered much more tgreeobly and usefully navigable by the expenditure of a few hundred pounds. r The following proclamation by the Governor has ap. peered in tba Gazette :. , Whereas by on Aet of tbo General Assembly of flew , Ztaland, intituled the " Native DlBtriolB Begulatlon Aot, [ 1808," it is provided that it shall be lawful for tbe Go. vernor in Council from time to time to appoint distrlota for the purposes of the said Aot, being districts over ' wbiob the native title shall not for the time beleg bara . been extinguished : ' And whereas it is expedient that tl« district herein* , after descrlbod should bo appointed a district for the . purposes of the Baid Aol : s Now," therefore, bis Exaelleoy tho: Governor, by anet with tho advice and consent of bis Exeoutive Council, j doth hereby order, appoint, and declaro -that the terri, i tory hereafter deBoribcd Bball bea district for tba pur. t poses of tho said Aot, that is to say:-All territory lying ' within a boundary line commencing at tho Mission: ' station at Tanpiri on the Biver Waikato, tbenoe running . up the eastern bank of the Baid river till it meets tbe , boundary of tho land belonging to the Ngatib.au» tribe, and tbeuco following tbe boundary of the land " belonging to the Ngatibaua and Ngatiranktwav. * tribea (orossing tbe Biver Tbamos) till it rotarns to the , Waikato Biver, thence running westerly along tbo ' Tauran'gakobu rangea and orossing to the summit of ' Pirongia Monntain (to as to enclose the sonroes of tue ' Walpa Biver), thence monning northerly along tbo I rongea skirting the Western bank of the Walpa and' - \ Waikato Bivers to the commencing point at the Mission Station at Tanpiri: And doth hereby appoint and deolare that the said' r distriot shall bo colled the Upper Waikato Diatriot : 1 And doth deolare that this-'order shall take effect 3 from and after the lat day of January, 1803, 1 9 Another proclamation, in accordance with the Aof,' 9 oontalna regulations prohibiting the sale of spirited or : fermented liquors in the said distriot. The natives 1 have petitioned for tbie prohibition so long ago os 180?. J " In procesa of time," says tbe New Zealander, " seeing . ' that thero was not muoh hope of assistance from tbo P Government, whilst tho 'evil'was increasing, the na» Î tiveB of Waikato thought tbat in tbis, as in other - 3 metterB, they mutt begin to help themselves. A short : { time tiuce William Thompson, we learn, wrote to J Governor Grey, stating that he (Thompson; had seized 1 somo spirits, and inquiring whether or not he - bod . ooted rightly in so doing. Thereupon a gentleman, Mr. ' Gorat, known to Tamibana, WBB appointed resident ' magistrate, and despatched to Ngaruawahia to explain ' tbe law to the natives, and also to tell them what ' Sir George Grey's pions for . tho government 1 of nativo districts wero. Numerous runanyas, ' we are told, wero beld to consider tbe propriety of ro ' oeiving Mr. Ghost in his judiolal onpaoily. At these ' meotings tbere was talk about the evil resulting from ? spirits, there wero loud complaints that thoir prayers to 1 have tbe sale of spirits prohibited bad boen unhoeded, and they declared tbat, in this. mattor, they had been cheated by tho Government-tho law promised never having boen made. - Mr. Goret, we hoar, asked that tho letters on this subjeot might be shown to him. Ho was told tbat he would find thom all in Auokland. Ho i asked them to write again ; this they refuted at once j tbey bad boen deoeived, they said ; pledges bad been broken Jieoi ano, Tho - magistrate then undertook to promise that a law should ' ba immediately made; tbe natives looked incredulous but consenting. He, with ibis purpose, at onoo started for Auokland, saw Governor Grey, and tho resulta havo. been an order in Connoil defining the native dlttrict, and another order prohibiting the sale or removal of spirituous liquors within that distriot, both of wbioh orderB woro printed in the üfaort Messenger Extraordi- nary," published on tbe 10th December, lt will be matter of interest to loam bow tbe law will bo.reeeived at Ngaruawahia ; whether it will be accepted or xe. jeotod. 