THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. THKAinG HlOIAl. Great exertions are being made both betoro and behind tho curtain. Tho decorations nround the exterior o£ tho circles hnvo been removed, and will be replaced by now embellishments in whilo and gold. The services of Mr. Horno, who superintended tho original ornamentation of the interior, bnve beeD called into requisition to renew the cr'iling snd proscmiuni. Tbo dress circle seals have beep, entirely altered, the bocks lmvenow u pleasant slope, aii'i tho cushions have been ro stufled, and covered wiih .^handsome satin brrcadn. New chandeliers are beiiiR erected, and Air. Ayte 3 connexion wkii ina ^unmgwuju Gas Company appears to hive determined him to light the theatre 'more brilliantly than over. A now ladies' clonk room has been constructed, the entrance being from tbo dresa- circlo. Tho subscribers tickets which Mr. Lyster has issued for' the ensuing season will confer privileges not usually attached, to them. Kachwill cost LIO, and givn 60 admissions The holder may either make u;o of one on every night tho theatre is open, or he mav avail himself of ten or a dozen on tbo same even ing. Wo are not, therefore, surprised to hear that n lergo number have already been taken. Tbo season will open with ' La Favorita,' to be followed by ',' La Tra viata.' 'Les HngiienotsV will, in all probability, be produced about Monda}' week. SUIT. H-»¥JI,tltKET XnE.WJlC. The announcoment. that Sir Henry and Lidy Barklj' intended to honour, for the first time sinco its erection, the theatre with their presence on Monday, would, have secured n pood attendance, even had n piece less popular than the ' Serious Family' been announced. With such a picco, the Iiou3) was crowded in every part, even the dress circle being well filled. Of the comedy itself (hero is no necessity to speak, and with the exception of Captain Murphy alnguiro, which was played on this occasion by Mr. Stor/art, tho cast was the same sb heretofore Despite the vivid recollection of Air. Brooke in this part, Mr. Stewart succeeded in creating a decidedly 'avoumble imnrcasicn, and with the rest of the actors was called before the curtain nt the conclusion of tho piece. In 'To Oblige Benson' Sir. Coppin appeared to even more advantage than as Aminadab Slock, in which, by the way, ho introduced Bomi local allusions, and thb dlflVrencc between his real and simulated jealousy was well delineated. The same bill was re peated unlit Wednesday, .when it was withdrawn in favour of 'Paul 1'ry ' and 'The Turnpike Gate,' Mr. Coppin playing the pirt of the inquisiiivo hero in tho first and of Crack in tho second with his usual quaint humour. ? . ' ? ' ? PBIXOESH' 0PWEAXISE. This theatre was tc-upeued on Tliursday evening with on excellent company, including tho lessco liimself, whose tuccifB ns a manager had inducod n oonsidernble amount nf curiosity an to his histrionic capabilities. Tho r.icco choscn'wns ' A.U tbnt Glitttra is notGjld.' Air. Simmontls plnjing the part of Toby Twinkle. Hi3 comic powers arc considerable ; he literally overSvWs with drollery, anil although occationally a little tco de monstrative, lie has tho happy art of placiap; himself thoroughly an rapport with the audience. The other ? rirciptil u\ nrncters were supported by Miss Dunn nt Martha Gibtis. Mrs. Philips, Mr. R. Heir, Mr. Unrwood, and Mr. FitzjornM. An in'.erliulo of dancing in winch Mailamc Thorcto and Mon.-. Schmidt appeared, and ' Handy Andy,' with h'towart ns tho blun-loriui; horo, made up an excellent evening's entertainment. Mr. R. Yonnge is cngntred nt this theatre, nnd will appear next week in the 'Honeymoon,' supported by Mr. Grevillo and Mr. Siinmonds. ._ ? _ l»JAIt«IB'» BOTA1 XYOEUitl. ; ?. On Monday mul Tuesday tho A. B.C. Club of amateurs appeared here, in aid of- the Irish Relief Fund, the pieces being on the first night ' John Bull,'' and on the second 'fho Sloops tn Conquer,' followed on each occa sion by 'TheKeview.' The performances in a histrionic and in a pecuniary view wero only partially successful. On Wodncsday was produced for the first time in the colony a moral domestic dramn in four acts, entitled ' The Drunkaid ; or, the Fallen Saved,' which has kept possession' of the boards during the week. MiasLouixo' Ainot as Edward Middleton, depicted in a very forcible manner the various phases of a drunkard's life, and in some scenes, her actinc was painfully true. The quaint humour of Master G. \V. Marsh was highly relished by the audience, and acted as a foil to set off tho more pameuc passages inioo pan oi me principal cnaracicr The piece wns produced originally in Boston, where it had a ran of 140 nights, and was afterwards played with great success in New York. In this instance it has been most carefully put on the stage, and from its. moral tendency it ia highly calculated to assist the temper ance movement. '? Poor Pillicoddy' has been the after piece of the week. lUli APO'J.XO TO.TSSS.O JIAXX. The firft afternoon performance was given on Satur (Aai'»Ji^l)W.?lv.'nB.t.?4!j? .'K£lti}tr«!jfl58ki'2ill*r favourable anco was not large. Tho programme was well chosen, and included tinging, both comic and sentimental, dancing, and conjuring Those amusing negro melo dists, the Court Minstrels, wero received with great favour, and with the burlesque Parliamentary Bpeccb of Mr. Leslie, tho dancing of Flexmoro and Burgess, and the juggling of Dherang, afforded a very varied enter tainment. The novelty of the week has been the operatic selections by iliss Chalker and tho Misses Royal. Tho most amusing fcninreof the evening, how ever, continues to be the Parliamentary address written by Mr. James Mulholland, Tho hall has been very well attended. MEtBOCIlSE 'aCRIKHXTAX M.USXCAI, The second Festival wns commenced on TucEday even ing at tbe Exhibition Building, tho arrangements being, as before, under the direction and management of the Mclbourno Philharmonic Society.' It may be remembered that the music ptrformed at the first Festival thrco years ago was restricted to certain oratorios of Handd'and, we bolieve, Haydn, which were given in their entirety by an unusually complete orchestra nnd vocal corps. }n tho prnsent instir.ee the society has taken especial care that their arrangements shall be equal to the production of cat iafactory results, and so far as these applv to tho musical realisations, succors ia already attained. Tbo : orchestra comprehends all that is necessary for tho exe cution of the instrumental duties, while tho'combination of such singtrs as Mesilamcs Escott, Sara Flower, and Messr.i. Sqaires and Furquharson) gives assurance of the faithful renderins of the vocal parts. The chorus have been well drilled ender thci tyo of Mr. C. E. llorsley, who bus devoted himaolf with most coinmendablo assi duity to tho task, and a programme replete with attrac tive nutter was put forward, the flcst instalment of wuicn was disposed oi, as wo have already, intimated, on Tuetdny evening, when the music written by Auber,. Meyerbeer, and Stcrndalo liennett for tho Great Inter national Exhibition was performed, with Mr. Ilorsley's cantata of ' Comus.' Tho last was the preat hit of the evening, for although tho evidence of occasional crude ness is not ab«ent, tho work U in many respects highly meritorious. There were two . encores, one for the chorus ' Como let us our rites :? begin,' whioh contains some charming passages; apcl tbo other for. . Sabrina's sung, J'By the rushy - fringed bank,' a delicious production, brimming with melody and instrumented with consummate skill. , Tho Exhibi tion music, wo confess, disappointed us, but it was the first time wo had heard it nnd consequently tho full merits of the several compositions were, in all probability, unappreciated. Aiiber's overture is not equal to his similar compositions for the theatre, and Meyerbeer's march contains a full measure of tho clamour in which that master is too prone to indulge, without tho usual qualification of brilliancy: . Dr. Bennett's odo.com' mences finoly in tho style of Mendelssohn, of whom this composer is a devoted admirer, but the audience must havo experienced wearinesi from the length nnd: monotonous character of tbo piec,\ It must not be for gotten that the great exciting catiso of tho production of tho work was not phytically, apparent to the Mel bourne audience as it was to that before whom the odo was ori^inolly performed. The attention of tho Austra lian critics of Dr. Hsnnctt was entirely absorbed by tho performance of IiIb music, for, unliko tho visitors to the Grent International Exhibition on tho occasion of its inauguration, their minds wero not distracted .by any magnificent spectacle or display of public outhuslasin such oa, then occurred. : On .Thursday .evening Men delssohn's ,sublini8 oratorio ? of '?' St. Paul' was pcr tormed, , ... .. ???'? ? ' ? ' ' .??';.?;..?:.;.' .i»K'oviKOJtAX. - BAi.t\AnAT.— Mr, JelTeraon'senRBgamentnttliB Royal has, up to the present t-me, been one continued Bucceso, and the favourable impression created last week by his delineation of the character of Rip Van Winkle has been strengthened by his appearance oa Asa 'J'renchard in 'The American Cousin.' On its first production some few weeks sinco, when Mr. lloskiu's assumed the part of tho Hern, anil'Mr.iEd wards that of Lord Dundrourv, this comedy held possession of the boards for some lime, arid moat of tho frequenters of the Royal became fami liar with it; thus the novelty attendant upon its original productions bnd worn off,— nevertheless Mr. Jefferson's assumption of tho character is bo quaint, and unique, and tho kindly nature borieath his rugged exterior is so admirably brought to. light: that his audience never seemed to tiro, oaclr successive appearance seeming to. confirm his ponularity.1 In consequence, of Mr. Edwards', indisposition, Mr. Hoskins was forced to assume tbo role of Lord Dundreary at.a very abort notice and at a great disadvantage. Mian Lockhart, aa Mary, played with her usual grace, tbo remaining parts being, very satisfactor ily sustained by Miss Ilarland, Messrs, Leslie and Oil), Miss Carry ;Georgq ami Mrs1. Gill, .r :;-' ~' Bexuioo,— Tim, jAdiertiser, had the following! — ' Tlio commencemont of a hew, season dl tho Lvceum on Saturday night by. a nuraeroun, and, taken altogether, a talented company of nctors and aclresses, w.is accom panied by a prentor sliaro of anccesa than in these com paratively dull times could hava been anticipated. A house, woll ottendod in tbo upper portion, more than comfortably filled iu tho stalls, and extremely uncomfortably crammed in tbe pit, was sufficient ovi ilcuco that thoalricnl amusemanls of a guaranteed good character will at ill secure tho requisite amount of support, and that when the publlo see such nimcs as Miss Julia Mathens, Mr. Harry Jackson, Miss lloso Edouin, and others alroost as'much celebrated in Ben digo theatrical history, it will not bo niggardly of patronage. Tho piece selectod for the oponing, nnd which waa repea'.cd on Mnnilav nipht, was tho old London Lyceum, drama of 'The Creole, or Lovo'a Fetters,' a selection which, except that it was probably made with the viow of enabling one of tho principal performer?, Mr. Jackson, to creato a littla sensation on his reappearance, might lie questioned for its judicious ness. In his bands thechaMcterof Isaac Boakes was a most humorous realisation; speech, qesturo, ond make up were equally c?od. Tho weight of tho picco was certainly borno on his shoulders, nnd with n succes3 that was decided. Miss Julia Mathows, in tho roprescntation of tho character of a vivanditro (Hellona St. Mars), acted with a sufficiency of dash and sprightliness to msko up for the small portion of tho action of tho piece with which the character has to do. On Saturday night her appearance on the stage was greeted by a storm of acclamation nnd a shower of bouquets, which must hnvo evinced tho enthusiastic welcome an audienco can givo to a favourite actress. Of tho other representatives of tho various characters in tho drama, as neither of them have very prominent parts to till.' . CASTLitMAiNB—(Froin the Mail.)— On Saturday night M iss Aitkcn pave the first of her entertainments in Castlemaino at tho Theatro Uoynl. As might hnvo been oxpected, the boxes and stalls were not so well filled as thoy would have been on any other night, but a verv fair hou«e attended, and tho pit especially was well filled. Tho reading of Tennyson's ?' May Queen' wns a splendid piece of elocution, and tho death-bed scene at its closo moistened many an ovo amongst tho audience. Tho Cotter's 'Saturday Night' was also delivered in an admirable manner,' and n number of enthusiastic Scots applauded to the echo. The ''Bridge of Sighs' was Riven in n most telling manner, as well as ?' Tho Evening Dream of the Battle of Inkcrmann,' the latter of which wa3 vociferouslv encored. Miss Ailken, however, did not comply with tho call, but proceeded with another piece. The whole readings wero excellent, and wero received a3 heartily as they deserved. All who have not heard the fair reader have an intellectual treat in store, for a more accomplished olocutlonist never visited Castlemaino, in addition to which the pieces are selected with excellent taste. Mr. Marquia Chisholm well sup ported tbo high reputation he has elsewhere earned ns a pianist and harmoniumiet, and the audience insisted on a repetition of his bagpipe imitations on tbe latter in strument. Geklonq — The following 1b from tho Advertiser :— Tha change of performance at the Theatre on Tliursday evening drew a good house, the boxes being particularly well patronised. ' Tho Maori Queen' i« Bimilariri con struction of plot to tho ' Pakeha Maori,', full of melo dramatic incident, and affords scope for tbo display of tho principal element iu the piece— tho peculorlties of native life and character. Mr. Greville creates out of a very barren part a really laughable character, nnd it is fortunate for the piece that it has such a broad carica turist to come to its rescue. ?' Mr. Fitzgerald powerfully pourtrayed tho feeling of a white man shut' out from civilisation by his long connection with the Bavagea, and his longing to return once more to tho influences of more refined life; and Mrs. Jackson as the Maori Queen, was very successful in delineating, the warmth and energy of temperament peculiar to the nativ* race. . The Maories went through tlieir usual performance of war dancing and other national cuatoms, which, were loudly applauded. ? , . -.-? ? COI.OXIAX/. AnukAimt.— Tho Victoria theatre ifsnow closed, the last few nights being denoted to tbe benefits of the EMouinv Jin, M'Gownn, &c.; Mr. Linly Mormon's annual concert took place at tbe Concert and Assembly Rooms, on the 23rd September, and although the pro gramme was attractive, there was not «o good an attend ance as was exstctod. ? ; ' . Sydney. — Wo cull the following from tho Empire of 3rd Oct. :— Last night. Shakspero's great tragedy of Hamlet was produced at tho Victoria, Mr. i'arry Sullivan playing tbe part oi' the philosophic and melancholy Prince.' Wo must candidly confess that, notwithstanding tho many favourable notices we have read and the reputation we had heard awarded with regard to Mr; Sullivan's rendering of this part, wo were completely taken by surprise, and although not prepared to go quite so far as some of those enthusiastic persona who, in the theatre last night,- said that they ' bad never seen Hamlet played before,'. we feel bound to state lt;was decidedly, and beyond comparison,' tbe best performance of that domowbat extraotdinary character we ever witnessed. \Ve never saw Mr. Fechtcr in the part, but if his inter nretation in anv way resembles that of Mr.'SuHivnn, we can quite understand, tbo excitement produced in London when he performed it. Mr. Sullivan does;iiot only act the part of Hamlet ; ho does more, he interprets the eubtlo mysteries of that metaphysical but tangled intellect, of which the fair Ophelia says so pertinently — ' Oh what a noble mind was here o'ertbrown.' Ho explains by alook, a gesture,a mero.nod even, many of thoso difficult passages in this extraordinary play which have for so long puzzled commentators, not to say general theatrical audiences. Critics may not agree with somo of the new readings which he introduces, nor &»wfiaffdlKTBllh\b.y^ aa there are spots. One thing is certain, that Mr. Sul livan made a great hit lastnight; be was enthusiastically, applauded throughout tbe whole piece, and called beforo the curtain at tho end of the second, third, and fifth acts. Mr. Warner enacted the part of the Ghost in a most excellent manner; Indeed, we do not remember ever to have seen it played better. Mrs. Charles Poole made her re-nppearanco in Sydney after an absence of three years in tbe part of Ihe Queen. We really think that thai lady .might have been introduced again to tho Sydney public after so long an absence in a some what more prominent character than that of tbe Queen to Hamlet. She was,* however, most warmly received, and played . the part with . her usual Euccess. The Polonlus of Mr. Welsh, was, as all that gentleman's impersonations are, marked by care and painstaking acting. '? Mr. Hope, as Horatio, read the part correctly, and played in n quiet and unassuming manner. The twin characters oC Rosencrantzand Guildensternwero played in iho conventional melancholy stylo, and Mr. M'Gownn might, perhaps, improvo the part of the first grave digger by. sticking a little more closely to the text. Mrs. Hill played Ophelia very nicely. ' Sir. Chapman delivered tho difficult speech of tbo first actor in capital style, nor must we omit to men tion Mr. C. Walsh, whose few lines as the priest wero read in. a most excellent anil impressive manner. If small parts generally bad the same amount of attention bestowed on them as evidently was bestowed on this, the drama would not only be better produced, but, doubtless, also better patronised than, wo are sorry to say, it has been for a long time pact in Sydney. ' ' '? ' MIUCEXXAHKO1J8. ?'. ? .',.'. ;. Mr. RioETAnD Younob.— This popular actor returned to the colony by tbo Donald M'Kay. We, understand that he brings with him several novelties. Ho will ap pear at the Princess's, on Monday, in ' William Toll ' and the ' Honoymoou.' M. Poussaiiu has engaged Madame Stnttaford and Messrs, Beaumont and Wilkinson for a professional tour through South 'Australia. Thoy leave by the Havilah to-day. ...... .- Miss Ajtices.— This talented elocutionist leaves for Tasmania on Wednesday next, with Mr. Marquis Chisholm, whoso brilliant execution on the harmonium ' and pianoforte enhances iu such n high degree the attrac ftivenois of tho entertainment. Mist Aitken will also bo accompanied by Miss Amelia Bailey, who will doubtless afford- as much satisfaction to Tastuanian audiences as the recently gave in South Australia during her tour with. Messrs. Poussard and Douay. Mr. R. S. Sraytho goes with the company as agent. 