PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH SOIREE. A soiree in connection with this church took place on tlie evening of Wednesday last, in Crisp's large store, which had been secured for the occasion. About two hundred persons were present After the large company had partaken of tea, which was kindly givA by several ladies of the congregation, a publtc meeting was held, when the Rev. D. H. Ballantyne, minister of the congregation, took the chair, and delivered a few introductory remarks suited to the occasion and object of the meeting. In the course of his remarks the chairjnan stated that the new manse erected by the liberality of the congregation was now nearly completed, and that it was resolved to make an effort this evening to clear off a portion of the debt remaining on the building. He concluded by call upon the Rev. John K. M'Millan to move the first resolution. Mr.M'MiLLAN dwelt at considerable length upon the dangers and temptations to which young men were exposed in these colonies, instancing particularly low publichouses. with their bars and billiard tables, and showing how these tempted young men to drink and spend their money in gambling. He stated that he knew within his own district of many young men, once interesting in their manner and correct in their behaviour, who had learnt to frequent these low publichouses; who had sunk in this manner by degrees into the condition of gamblers and drunkards; who had lost their situations, and, to all appearance, been ruined for life. He warned young men to avoid such temptations, and impressed upon the audience the necessity of doing all that they could to prevent young men from giving way to tbe temptations to which they were exposed. He referred to the good- accomplished by literary institutions, and spoke in high terms of the Beechworth Athenaeum, which, through its library, reading-room, and lectures, was proving an invaluable blessing, particularly to the young men of that town. He longed for the day when such literary institutions would exist in every centre of the population, in every village and township, in the district; and concluded by congratulating the minister and congregation on the erection of their large and handsome new manse, trusting that tlie existing debt would speedily disappear to the comfort, and convenience of all parties concerned. The resolution proposed by Mr. M'Millan was seconded by Mr. S. F, Blackmore, who stated that the cost of the erection of the manse was £660, that subscriptions had been already received or promised amounting to £441, leaving a debt of £219 on the building. He trustedthat the collection this evening would do much towards the reduction of this debt. The second resolution' was proposed by the Rev. H. S. Seaborn, who, in the course of a lengthy address, urged upon those present, in a humourous and effective manner, the necessity of immediately extinguishing the debt mentioned by the preceding speaker. He characterised the £219 of debt as so many ghosts haunting the building, expressing his belief that those present would not think of asking their minister to inhabit a haunted house, and trusted that two hundred and nineteen persons would each attack a ghost, in the form of a pound sterling, with a view to its immediate disappearance. The resolution was seconded by the Rev. J. W. Crisp, who spoke of the kindly feeling pervading all sections of the Christian Church in the Ovens district, inclusive of Albury, and their earnest desire to co-operate with each other in the spread of the Gospel. He stated that Methodism had never taken hold of the Scottish mind, illustrating this by the prayer of the old Scotch woman, " Lord preserve us from all error and sin, and more especially from John Wesley's folk." Notwithstanding the fact that Methodism had never taken root in Scotland, the speaker expressed his great respect for the Presbyterian Church, and dwelt upon the friendship and warm feeling which existed between himself and the Presbyterian ministers of the district. The third resolution was proposed by the Rev. James Paterson, a licentiate of the Free Church of Scotland, on his way to the Manaroo district, where he has been appointed to labour for six months by the Presbytery of Melbourne. The speaker in supporting the resolution mentioned the assistance which had been given by members of other denominations in the erection of the manse, and proposed that the thanks of the meeting should be awarded them. This motion was seconded by Alderman Middleton, and like the others was unanimously agreed to. Votes of thanks proposed by Messrs, Moore and Lumley, were unanimously awarded to the ladies who had so kindly provided tea, and to the choir for their valuable service. A collection was made which, with the profits arising from the sale of tickets, amounted to about £40. The Doxologv was sung: prayer was offered up by the Rev. Mr. M'Millan, and the large assembly separated, much satisfied with the proceedings of the evening. 