SIR ROBERT PEEL AND THE 0D0N0GHUE. ,; (From the Liverpool Albion.) There is no understanding standing orders after the disorder fallen into on Monday, con cerning the O'Donojjhue chaos Mr. Speaker was speechless just when he should have talked, and opened bis mouth precisely when he ought to have held his tongue. His duty was to have called on the member for Tipperary, not as mem ber, but by name, to apologise to the House for breach of privilege, in proposing to beard the bare faced Irish Secretary with a hair-trigger. In aicciu ui tuat, UD JJCllIUUCU 1M.BJUI' VJTillVlII, UlltlSCtI a culprit, as accessory to the breach, to get up, and commit premeditated and most detrimental assault and battery on routine and etiquette, by saying ' I am the friend of the O'Donughue,' instead of ' my honourable friend the member fur Tipperary.' Furth-r he permitted the O'Dnnoghue himself to aggravate his iffonce fifty-fold, by openly applying to Peel epithets that would bare incited a respectable caterpillar into convulsions of combativeness, but which the prudential proprietor of ' Tamworth tower and town' [ghost of Marmion, only think of it !] stomached with the placidity of a prize-cotton grub. ' If you want to see humiliation, look there!' said Sydney Herbert, on one occasion, pointing his index finger at certain apostate prjtectionjsta taking credit as free traders. But he was a Sydney, he was a Herbert, progeny of a Pembroke~-names consecrated to chivalry ; and the objects of his derision had the decency to blush for their unmasked imposture. Not so Peel—-' Sir Parolles live, safest in shame !' — mailed in the calloussness of un conscious scorn. Everybody seemed pained save, he whose poignancy should be anguishing ; and his insensibility was the most distressing feature of all. Fortunately the bluff old uncle? General Peel, was away, or, for the sake of big profession, he would have challenged the whole Brigade, Brass Band and all, to mortal arbitrament, in the manner Disraeli tried to do with theO'Connell family, when the then young Ben [offspring of Militant Maccabeus] found that old Dan had ceased to find fun in fighting. Even Brother Fred, least aggressive-looking of mankind, and whose most cherished weapons, if defending his life to the death, would probably be a steel pen, Bn office ruler, and a leaden ink-bottle* seemed to writhe at the fraternal exhibition, every item in which wasaj; once tbe most pitiable «nd the most provoking. So thought the whole House, or rather the House and a half; for there was a moiety of the Deeis in the commons' galleries; and nice notion of the pluck of mushroom and fustianmade moneyocracy these descendants of the Berrans Runningmede must have gone away with after a spectacle of a squelched swashbuckler, who appeared rather to rejoice in his' own debase ment like some of his Alpbine acquaintances, who are proud of their wens which give strangers the stomach ache to look at. But merely you wouldn't have ^thought the Rigbt Hon. Baronet proposed to the O'Donoghue to spring into the Thames, that chilly evening, as the Benecia Boy proposed to Sayers to jump off a housetop, by way of demonstrating his roettle?' By no means. It wasn't tbe non fighting, but the non-courtesy that showed the cburl's blood. It was the abstaining from atone ment, the perseverance in insult, the rude igno rance of every kind of reparation, that turned the current; while the puerility of the prelimina ries, Palmerston's pompous precautionary safe guard for his pet, the pet's perfect protection of himself—artful as Bevis Marks attorney, admit ting nothing, audacious as an Old Biile'y barris ter, alleging everything ;— all tended to invest the Peel portion of the proceeding with equal parts of the silly and the sickening. There are plenty of recent parliamentary precedents for the proper disposal of disagreements of this kind, without pushing them to extremities. Shiel and Lord Althorp, in tbe famous ' Who's the Traitor' episode ; Hobhou»esand Sibthorp, or rather Sibthorp and Hobhouse ; Sir F, Trench and Rigby Watson ; Sir E. Codrington and Sir J. Graham ; Mr. P. Somers and Roebuck ; and several other cases in point, proving that an affair of honour becomes an affair of dishonour, which it did not in any of these, if apology be with held when satisfaction cannot be afforded. Peel has, for once in his life, accomplished an original .thing by abstaining from doing either one or the Other, and abstaining too, in the most ungracious and least dignified manner imaginable, with the peevishness of a vixen and the perversity of a mule, cotton-mule of course, or be wouldn't be bis sire's son. Young members assume that no such language was ever brooked, as that addressed in the ODonoghue's 'apology,' at once polished and crusting ; and old members can recal no paral lel, save that supplied by Henry Hunt, when, in. answer to a pitiful taunt about his blackin*- , business from the last Peel, the wittv radical, who came of an old family, and was one of the noblest looking fellows in the House, when the House was rather better provided with that sort ' of commodity than at present, made answer :—« I am the first tradesman in my family, as tbe ri^ht honourable baronet is the first gentleman in hfs ' It used to be said that three generations were re quired to make a gentleman ; but it would seem that the good old maxim is inapplicable to this age of progress ; and we are improving our gen tlemen off the face of creation; by way of counterbalances perhaps to our avoidance of .Yan kee example in other democratic but less destruc- '' tive : directions. It is worth note, and has not been noted elsewhere, that the Prison Chamber of the Commons was prepared for the contuma cious commoner, who, it was taken for granted, | would have to be taken into caitofy as nobody dreamt be would doubly aggravate his offence by showering contumely «n tbe Secretary. The fire was lighted, 'bed aired, and all got ready, by order of the Speaker to Lord Charles Russell, who ordered the Deputy-Serjeant, Captain Gos sett, to ' put things in order;' the most agree able order he could receive, next to getting cer tain other things in order; for the Captain is a pleasant Irish gentleman of the old school, and would be as delighted as Major Gavin himself to have a hand in blowing a neighbour's brains out, in a quiet friendly way, without making a haberdashery fuss, about it, in the ' two rows of pins' style. Not only, However, was the Captain deprived of that enjoyment, but of bis expected fees, which might be some consolation for what be must agree with L.N.B. is a 'de- generate age.' It is to be hoped that the aforesaid cost of 'fitting up' will appear in the Miscellaneous Estimates, and then we s'lall have another hubbub, which will at least be some thing for our money; and all we are ever likely to get. ; 