CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, MANLY e, BEACH. LAYING FOUNDATION STONE. I THE ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a Congregational Church at Manly Beach, was performed yesterday afternoon. About 500 people went down from Sydney, both the morning and afternoon boats being crowded. On the arrival of the afternoon boat the visitors proceeded to the ground upon which the church is to be erected situate a short distance from the Pier Hotel, to the left of the road leading from the Pier to the Beach Preliminaries being arranged, the Rev 1 JOHNSOI, opened the proceedings by announcing and singing the 881st hymn in the Congregational Hymn Book, commencing with the words, "This stone to Thee in faith we lay. Mr. JOHN FAIRFAX said the foundation stone would be laid by the son of Mr. Smith, the donor of the land-a most eligible piece of land upon which the church was to be erected The bottle, placed in a cavity of the stone, contained a copy of each of the daily papers, some small coins of the realm, and a copy of the document which he would now read to them. is the foundation stone of this Congregational Church at Manly Beach, was laid by Master Henry Stanton Smith, eldest son of Henry G Inert Smith, Esq on Thursday, August 7th, anno dom.mlBG2, in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen is Victoria, his Excellency Sir John Young. Bart, J C II, being Governor in-Chief of this colony of Tess South Wales and its dependencies Trustees Messrs David Jones, John Tau fax, Thomas Ambrose loss, Joseph Thompson, Samuel Thompson, Launcelot Threlkeld, George A. Lloyd, James H Fairfax, Samuel Chambers Kent clerk), Randolph Nott, John Trenchard Smith, and Robert Garret, cleiUofviorlB, Alfred Landon, builders, Messrs Kirby Committee Reverends Messrs S C Kent, T Johnson, W. Slatyer, J E Vetch, A flea, 1 Robinson, and Messrs. H. G Smith, J lairfa-t.D Jones, S Wilson, J T Smith, li. Miles, W Parker, J Kirby, secretaries, J Fox and H B Lee, treasurer, Robert Garrett Donor of the land, Henry Gilber t Smith, 1 sq. Master H S SMITH was then assisted into a prominent position and Mr FAIRI AV, addressing him, said he had great pleasure in presenting to him a trowel and mallet to be kept by himself after the ceremony was finished. He hoped he would always look back upon this, perhaps the most public act of his life, with pleasure The stone was now lowered into the position pre- paid for it, and was laid with the usual ceremony Muster SMITH, standing on the stone, delivered, through his father, the following address -Ladies and Gentlemen,-I am very young to appear before you, and I hope you will excuse me from making a long speech, as I have not been to school yet I am going to school, and by the time I return perhaps a school will be erected in connection with this church, and then I may be able to give a much longer speech I am only about five years old, and therefore cannot say as much as I could v> ish , but I am very, very happy to see so many people come down to Manly. I am going to school soon in order that I may become a Manly boy. (Cheers ) I shall look upon this day as one of the most happy of my life. This handsome trowel and mallet will be prized by me as long as I live and when I look upon them they will remind me of this day. I heartily thank you for them I hope the church will be erected and completed, and that there will be a tower to it to be seen by every' ship that comes into Port Jackson I promise to give one pound towards the erection of this tower (Applause.) The Rev. 55. C IVLNT said a child's hand might plant an acorn from which may spring a forest of pahs , a child's hand might lay the foundation stone of a noble and enduring edifice, in which hundreds of immortal souls might receive eternal benefit. He could not but rejoice that so young a child had taken part in the solemnities of that day. They earnestly tonight that the blessing of that Saviour who said, " Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not," might rest upon the child-that the bless- ing of the Most High, in its fulness aid richness, might rest upon him who had just stood before them, and that Jesus Christ might that day take him in his arms, lay his hands upon him, and bless him They rejoiced that he who had laid the foundation stone was of early age He who laid the foundation stone of the edifice he came to raise, said, at the outset of his career and his words were the prelude to, and prophecy of his future work-" Wist ye not that I must be about my father's business > ' He hoped that the child's work of to day would be the prelude to much similar work in the future-that he might take part in the erection of many material edifices, and be made a living stone in the spiritual house. The stone was laid as a memorial stone They had that day recorded their thanks to God for the prosperity with which the Churches in the land had been favoured " Not unto us, not unto us, O Lord, but unto thy name be all the glory " In his short experience in New South Wales, he had been privileged to attend the opening services of many of the churches of their denomina- tion. In Bourke street, Balmain, Paddington, and Newtown he had seen churches springing up around the city. He had also had the gratification of seeing churches rise in Maitland, Wollongong, and Campbelltown. 'They intended to call the Manly Beach Church u Bicentenary Church. They had gone back to that memorable year, 1863, when for the love of truth and the sake of conscience 2000 ministers of the Gospel gave up glebe and manse; and tithe, and went forth not knowing whither they went. We honoured the noble men who could thus act Owen and Howe and Baxter and Flavel and Alene, and many more men in remembrance of whom the stone that day was laid, and whose doctrines they intended to preach. They Ibid it as a Bethel stone, intending to exercise faith in that Great Father who laid the foundation of the true church. "Behold I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a tried, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation " They had laid the stone in the exercise of faith in the Son of, God, the fountain of all truth, and in the Holy Ghost the sanctified. They had laid it in the hope that a spiritual church would be raised that many stones would be made living stones in the temple of God. They had laid it in the hope that within the walls of the edifice to be raised, the Gospel in its purity, fulness, and blessedness would be preached. Not the sectarian views they held, but rather the great fundamental truths of the Gospel by the Fall, redemption through the blood of Jesus Christ, and sanctification by the Holy Ghost. They laid it in obedience to him who said " Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature " They had come here from the Fatherland for that purpose, and were glad to see sanctuary after sanctuary arise wherein the Gospel should be preached and the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper administered. But while they laid the stone, it became them to raise their voices in prayer for the success of the undertaking, for "except the Lord build the house they labour in vain that build it." They should look up to Him and ask Him to vouchsafe them His aid that they who should be employed in its erection might be preserved from accident, and that all who took part in the work might be crowned with the richest blessings But the stone was laid as a witness as well as a Bethel and memorial. In laying it they pledged themselves that they would keep at it till the top stone should be brought off with shouting. They promised that they would not bring their holy religion into contempt, nor allow the finger of the enemy to be pointed at them with the remark, that " these people commenced building but they could not finish it There were not many coins placed in the stone, but he was sure the friends present would come forward and place some on it. In that way they could prove their gratitude to God by giving of their substance They did not consecrate the stone, but they humbly besought God to bless the erection of the church in the accomplish- ment of great good. Let them earnestly seek that they may be built up as living stones, and let the stone now laid be the witness of a perpetual covenant that should not be forgotten. The Rev, A Rea then offered prayer. Mr. J. FAIRE sex said the cost of the building would be between £600 and £700, the contract for the stone work being accepted at £233, towards this about £200 had been received or promised, so it would be seen that they required all the help that could be given A number of persons came forward and placed various sums on the stone, amounting at the close to several pounds. The company then adjourned-some to the Pier Hotel, and some to Mr Smith's temperance house opposite, where tea had been provided, and where all were comfortably accommodated. After tea a considerable proportion of the party returned to Sydney by the 5.30 boat, the others re XT,5, Äd 'berth? Public voting which took place at the Pier Hotel. Mr. J. Fairfax, in accordance with previous announcement, presided, and the meeting was appropriately addressed by the Rev. other of Mr EeTvW' Slatyer' Rev- A- Rae, and 2\. Bpmal boat waited to convey the Sydney People to the city at the close of the meeting. 