THE VIC TO RIA V R A IL WA YS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AOK. Sir, — lnuepenaent ot tne insignt you gave us into the workings of the Victorian Railway de partment in your leader and ' Expositor's' letter, I have a little more to cemmunicate, if you will only insert it, and I may say on facts, and if some (if they could be found disinterested) member of Parliament could be found to ask for a committee to inquire into the goings on of the department, some good might be done, and a little justice meted out. It is a notorious fact, Sir, that although there are plenty of clerks to De picked out from among the intelligent porters no w employed , and there are many dispensed with from the public service since thi3 reduction, the present Ministry must deprive our city of the once only available genius — ' Who's your cutler.' Ye3, Sir, a fact, the very stones and walls, the once advertising medium, ere crying out shame — and when you read and ask the question ' who's your cutler,' the reply is, gone as clerk in the railway department. Oh, ghost of Ghallagher, you alwa3rs appear to us. Further, tho hon. Secretary of the Victorian League Association, who kept quiet, has quietly obtained a clerkship in same department. This is not all ; three months since, about forty new hands were taken on, either friends of hungry constituents, or some political touter and hanger-on of committee men, and shortly afterwards an order th;u those whose names are on tne list annexed, were lrom the 1st March to be on probation for three months. Fancy all clerks in the set vice reduced from £150 to £120 on probation, men in it since the line opened first. And worse than all, compelled to teach ' who is your cutler,' and worthy ex-secretary I have named as well ss the olhers, they receiving the same pay. Yes, in the Victorian Railtvay department the old hand is put on 'probation,' made a tutor, and receives the same pay as the pupil of one day's standing. And I now emphatically say two thirds of them (the pupils) require, old men and boys as they are, to go to school again. What will the bankers and merchants of Melbourne say to this ? — I am, yours, 16th May, 18G2. COGNOSCENTI. Barometers por the Million. — M. Sauvageon of Valenca, has studied the different phenomena which are produced in a cup of coffee when the sugar is put into it, and the result uf those observa tions transforms the demi-tasse into a barometer. ' If in sweetening your coffee,' says M. Sauvageon ' you allow the sugar to dissolve without stirring the liquid, the globules of air contained in the sugar will rise to the surface of the liquid. If those globules form a frothy mass, remaining in. the centre of the cup, it is an indication of duration of fine weather ; if, on the contrary, the froth forms a ring round the sides of the cup, it is a sign of heavy rain ; variable weather is implied by the froth remaining stationary, but not exactly ia the centre.' A New System op Telegraph ha3 been sub mitted to the Emperor, to which its inventor, M. Caselli, has given the name of ' pantegrayh.' This telegraph has been already wcrked at Florence and Leghorn. It transmits autograph messages and drawings with all the perfections and defect3 of the originals. An inhabitant of Leghorn wrote four linos irom Dante, and they appeared in the same handwriting at Florence. A portrait of the same poet wa3 paintc-d at Leghorn, and it was reproduced at Florence line for line and slude for shade. A bill of exchange was drawn in tho same manner, and its authenticity admitted. The Ernperor was much pleased at the trial mnde in his presence, and he proposes to establish it in France. — Times Pari.3 Corres pondent. Travellers in the Interior of Africa. — Mr Arthur C. Polson and Mr George H. Polson, two gentlemen who left Cape Town about seven months since, to explore in the interior of Africa, returned by the Prince Edward on Sunday. Since they left they have been in company with Mr Thomas Baines the Zambezi traveller, Mr Chapman, Mr C. Bell, and indeed a number of other travellers. Mr Baines they left at Amral's Kraal, the chief of Namaqua of that part of the country. This is about half-way to Lake Ngami. Mr Baines was quite well, and in great spirits, although he as well the others, had great diffi- culties to contend with, owing to serious losses in cattle from lung sickness. He left Amral's Kraal about four months ago. Mr Chapman was ahead of Mr Baines, but his cattle were dying so fast from lung sickness that he had re- solved to wait at some watering-place between Amral's and LakeNgami until the arrival of his brother with fresh supplies of stock and provi- sions. His provisions were neatly all used up when Mr Polson last saw him. Mr C. Bell is with Mr H. Chapman, on his way to join Mr James Chapman. Mr Palgrave is in Ovampo- land, and has had some sport, but has not been so successful in securing ivory as Mr F. Green has been. Mr Green is said to have shot, with his brother's help, four waggon loads of ivory. Mr Green a short time since met with a very sad acci- dent, which was attended with disastrous results to some of his party. The party consisted of Mr Frederick Green, two servants (Bonfield and Smith), and a woman. While crossing a large river in a boat the party were attacked by wounded sea cows. The boat was immediately capsized and stove in, and the entire party were thrown in the river, which literally swarmed with crocodiles. The servants swam for shore, which one reached safely ; the other (Bonfield) was eaten up by the alligators. The boat floated keel upwards ; and Mr Green, who succeeded in getting hold of the woman, en- deavored to save her by getting on to the bottom of the boat. He had hardly reached it when he was dragged under, the woman clinging round his neck. Mr Green never expected to rise again ; but while under water he felt the woman suddenly dragged away from, no doubt by one of the many crocodiles surrounding them, and never saw her more. Again floating, Mr Green made for the shore, and was at length rescued by some Damaras. Smith, the servant who was saved, had a narrow es- cape ; and poor Bonfield was within a few yards of the shore when he was seized and carried away. Mr Green searched the river for a whole week with out being able to find either of the bodies, so that there is little doubt that they were eaten by alli- gators. It was owing to no want of exertion upon the part of this brave man to save the woman and his servants that they were lost. He risked his own life on their account. He was in the water three hours swimming about, hoping to get hold of them. All this time he had a tremendous belt of bullets round his waist. One would think this man bore a charmed life. Men get killed all round him, sometimes are a prey to wild beasts, and at others are drowned or swallowed by alli- gators, while he swims in their midst and escapes. — Cape Argus. 