THE JOURNAL EDITED BY THE DEAN OF WESTMINSTER^ f .3! « (From tito Times,} M ABB WO warranted in makingieny allusion foin very curions volume, consisting of extraclB from a lady's journal,kept during a.visit to Germany in 1709-1800, and now edited, but not published, by nor son, the Dean of Westminster ? When tho letters, journals, and other papers of his mother came into the Dean's hands, last year, he states that he found among them this journal, from which ho bos printed certain selections, .containing; notices of¡ persons of historic interest, with whom the writer was brought into more or less familiar contact. In ono case, that of Nelson, they are notices of a personage of the very highest historic interest, ?while in othera (we speak only of those whioh are printed in this volume) they re- late to persons! who live more or less in the Me- moirs of that time, and live on even iu our own time in the oral traditions of social life. More than one momber of our own Royal family, tho Duke of Brunswick and his Court, the Queen of Prussia, Breteuil, Beurnonville,, Bellogarde, Rivaro), Gentz, Lavalette, Alexis Orloff, Lord and Lady Holland, Lord Minto," Sir William and Lady Hamilton, Mr. Elliot, our Minister at Dresden, Ringhini the composer, Fuger the painter, with mnny others, all find »-place here. Aro wo warranted, then, in assuming that this contribution td our knowledge of persons so publie in some sense is public property also? All the persons mentioned here aro dead, no injury that we sos can bo done to tho feelings of any of their representatives, and, as wo conceive that a time may come in any case when there is no longer any reason . for the reservation of such memoranda, however private in the first in- stance; sa we contend that.the time , has fully arrived, in tbis case when they may be claimed as materials lor historical portraiture. Had tho Dean kept theso memoranda to himself, we conceive that biographers would have had rea son to complain of their concealment. Having printed them for communication to his literary friends, we can see no reason whatever why they should not bo moro widely circulated; and, as wo have no clear intimation of a prohibition.to the contrary, wo toko a liberty whioh wo believe no one will think inexcusable. It appears, however,, that it is thought de strahle that something should bo said on behalf of tho writer-that these memoranda were made at such a very early period of her career as by no means to Bhow the character to which she attained in-later life. The writer, the granddaughter of Lord Chesterfield's M Richard Chenovix," was married at the age of 10, to Colonel St. George, of Oarriek-on- Shannon, and at the age of 22 was left a widow with an only son. A period of several years elapsed before her second marriage, and during this interval she made the tour ' of -wjtóch this volume'is partly the record. She was then, as the Dean conceives, unawakened to those more serious and earnest views of existence whioh lator sor- rows and trials brought home to her, though even of that day th oro are traits unpublished which would, he say s, show that she was of no light or frivolous turn of mind. For our parts, wo are not in the least disposed to complain of Hrs. St. Georgo for taking an innocent interest in those scenes of life which she regarded as a passing panorama, and we require no excuse for anything we soe here. We mention the subjeot' by way of concession to the Dean's scruples, who, we think, is unduly sensitive on the soore of a youthful vivacity which was ' shortly sobered to a matronly decorum, and ended, ns we nro told, in a mood eminently Bcrious and devout. Wo see nothing to scanaolize any one, ' not oven on Archbishop, still less anything which should prevent one of high ecclesiastical rank . receiving absolution from such latitudinarians as ourselves. ' Wo absolve the Dean, then, and we claim for ljm, on tho othor hand, tho praise of tho ghost of Caxton for passing through the press such a very amusing voJnme. < It is but of small dimensions; in fact, it is not much bigger, and certainly does not contain moro, than many a pamphlet of tho season, while tho entries aro of the .most concise character, like the jottings in an ordinary pocket- book. Nevertheless, they often succeed in pre- senting us in a few sontences, and sometimes in a singlo phrase, with lively, vigorous, and dis- tinctive portraits ; and " altogether there risos before one a certain picturo of Germany and German Courts, at a timo when Marengo was moro recent than Solferino is now, such as is n )t obtained from books of for greater préten- tion?." Only we must bo cautious in accepting tho impressions of the writer in ovory particular instance, and, knowing little of tho bias of her tastes and predilections, wo must road her, both when highly caustic or highly complimen- tary, with a considerable margin and allowance for differences of opinion. .riiuB wo find tho writer ns sovcro on tho behaviour of Nelson and tho Hamiltons as we should expect from tho descendant of a friend of Lord Chostor/ield. Tho facts, however, provo that tho sea-king in his cups could bc boisterously ooarso, and that Lady Hamilton, when she was not in her " attitudes," wa3 quite ascoursoand not a little of a slattern. Alto- gether, theso scenes with our naval hero and hts low-lived enchantress are tho most striking in thc volume, as thoy show both in a new light, and unless wo allow much for tho manners of tbe time, nnd somewhat also for tho narrator's fas- tidiousness, they muBt tend to lower our con- ception of theso popular personages. We are sorry to havo our romantic impressions dis- turbed by this series of pictures, but for thc evident truth contained in them they aro valu- able, nnd wo print thom in extenso : - " October 3.-Dined at the Elliots'. Whilo I wno playing at chess with Mr. Elliot, tho nows arrived of Lord Nelson's arrival, with Sir William and Lndy Hamilton, Mrs. Cadogan, mother of thc latter, and Miss Cornelia Knight, famous for hor Continuation of Bástelas and Private Life of the Homans." " October 3.-Dined ot Mr. Elliot's with only tho Neilson party. It is plain that Lord Nelson thinks of nothing bnt Lady Hamilton, who is totally occupied by tho sumo object. Sho is bold, forward, coarse, assuming, nod vain. Her figuro is colossal, but, oxcopting her foot, whioh aro hideous, woll-shnpod. lier bonos nro largo, and sho is exceedingly embonpoint She rosombles tho bust of Ariadno ; tho shnpe of nil her features is fine, as is tho form of hoi' hoad, and particularly hor ours ; hor tooth aro n littlo irregular, but tolorably whito; her oyes light blue, with a brown spot in ono, which, though a defect, takes nothing owny from her bonuty ond expression. Her eyebrows nnd hair aro illirie nud her com- plexion coarse. Her expression is strongly mat lied, variable, nnd intereetitip, her move menta in^ common. Ufa .ungraceful £*¿,her 'voicojloudj yot ;riot|i;a}8'ngréeab'le. vliordiJSÎeiiôn ¡is a.;littlpj man; wjtfiout *any .^dignity:;*jth£ß} 8uppoee,ímuet" reBemble^whet Súvfa'rrow.:was>in his yoútb,"hs he is Uko all tho* pioturo8*T*nave soen of that* General. Lady Hamilton takes possession of him, and he is a willing captive, : the must submissive and devoted I h uve seen. Sir William is old, infirm, all admiration of his «vife, and nevor spoke to-day but to applaud her. Miss Cornelia Knight seems the decided flatterer of tho two, and never opens her mouth but to show forth their praise ; and Mrs. Cadogan, Lady Hamilton's mother, is what one might expeot. After dinner we had several songs in honour of Lord Nelson, written by Miss Knight, and sung by Lady Hamilton. She puffs the incense full in his iii ce ; but he receives it with pleasure, and snuffs it up very cordially. The songs all ended in the sailor's way, with 4 Hip, hip, hip, hurra," nnd a bumper with the last drop on the nail, a ceremony I had never hoard of or seen before. " October 4.-Accompanied the Nelson party to Mr. Elliot's box at tho.opera. Lady Hamilton paid me those kinds of compliments which prove she thinks mere exterior alone of any consequence. She and Lord Nelson were wrapped up in each other's conversation daring the chief part of the evening. " October 5,-Went by Lady Hamilton's in. vitation to see Lord Nelson dressed for Court. On his hat he wore the largo diamond feather, or ensign of sovereignty, given bim by the Grand Signior ; on his breast,the Order of the Bath, the Order he received as Duke of Bronto, the diamond star, including the sun or crescent given him by tho Grand .Signior, threo gold medals obtained by threo different victories, and a beoutiful "present from the King of Naples. On one side is his Majesty's picture, richly sot and surrounded with laurels, which spring from two united anchors at bottom, and support the Neapolitan crown at top ; on the other hv the Queen's cipher, which turns so as to appear within tho same laurels, nnd is formed of diamonds on green enamel. In short, Lord Nelson was a perfect constellation of stars and orders. ' " Oct. G.-Dined with Lord1 Nelson at the Hotel de Pologne. Went in the evening to a concert given to bim by Count Maroolini. Paris sung-a fine bass, with the lowest tones I ever hoard ; and Ciciarelli, a soprano, who ' has lost his voice, but declaims well. From thence went to a party at Countess Bichtenstein's, Lady Hamilton loading mo with all marks of friendship at first sight, which I always think more extraordinary than love of tho same kind.; " Oct. 7.-Breakfasted with Lady Hamil« .ton, and saw her represent in succes- sion the best statues and paintings ' extant. She assumes their attitude, expression, and drapery with great facility, swiftness, and secu- ra cy. Several Indian shawls, a chair, some antique vases, a wreath of roses, a tambourine, and a few children ore. her whole apparatus. She stands at one end of the room with a strong light to her left, and every other window closed. Her hair (which by-the-byeis never clean) is short, dressed like an antique, and her gown a pimple calico chemise,; very easy, with loose sleeves to the wrist. . She disposes the shawls so as to form Grecian, Turkish, and other drapery, as well as a variety bf turbans. Her arrangement of the turban is absolute sleight-of-hand, she does it so quickly, so easily, and so woll. It is: a beautiful per- formance, amusing to. the most ignorant, and highly interesting to the lovers of art. Tho chiof of her imitations are from the antique. Each representation lasts about ten minutes. It is remarkable that, though coarse and un- graceful in common life, tho becomes highly graceful, and even beautiful, during this per- formance. It is also singular that, in spite of the accuracy of her imitation of the finest ancient draperies, her usual dress is tasteless, vul- gar, loaded, and unbecoming. She has borrowed sovoral of my gowns, and much admires my dress, which cannot flatter, as hor own is so frightful. Her waist is absolutely between her shoulders. After showing her attitude she sung, and I accompanied. Her voico is good and very strong, but she is frequently out of tune ; her expression strongly marked and various ; but BIIO bas no shake, no flexibility, and no Bwcotness. Shcacts her songs, which I think the last degree of bad taste. All imperfect imita- tions aro disagreeable, and to roprosent passion with the oyes fixed on a book and the person conGncd to a spot, must always be a poor pieco of acting manqué. She continues her demon- strations of friendship, and said many fino things about my accompanying her at sight. Still she docs not gain upon mo. I think her bald, daring, vain even to folly, and stamped with tho manners of lier first situation much moro strongly than one would supposo, after having represented Majesty, and lived in good company IC years. Her ruling passions seora to me vanity, avarice, and love for tho pleaourcs of tho table. Sho shows n great avidity for present, and has actually obtained some at Dresden by tho common artifico of admiring and longing. Mr. Elliot says, ' She will captivate tho Prince of Wales, whose mind is as vulgar as her own, nnd play a great part in England,' Dinod with tho Elliots. He was wonderfully amusing. His wit, his humour, his discontent, his spleen, his happy choice of words, his rapid flow of idca3, and his disposition to playful satire, mako one always long to write shorthand and preserve his conversation. . , " Oct. 8.-Dined at Madame de Loss's, wife to tho Primo Ministor, with tho.'Nelson party. The Electress will not receive Lady Hamilton, on account of her former dissoluto life. She wished to go to Court, on whioh a pretext was in nd o to avoid recoiving company last Sunday, and I understand thoro will bo no Court whilo sho stays. Lord Nelson, understanding tho Elector did not wish to see her, said to Mr. Elliot, . Sir, if thoro is any difficulty of that sort, Lady Hamilton will knock tho Elector down, nnd, ---mo, I'll knock him down too. Sho was not invited in the beginning, to Madamo do Loss's, upon which Lord Nelson soutjhis excuso, and then Mr. Elliot persuaded Múdame do Loss to invito her. From Madumo doLosB's visited Mis. Newman, a very obliging^ entertaining woman of tho tiers etat, thence to Blip ct Mrs. Ituwdou's. Horo I found Lady W' 1 in tho midst of a very animatod discourse on precedence, whioh I Boon found took its riso from Mr. Elliot's having led mein to dinner nt Madamo do LOBB'S before bur and another lady who had placo. She politely told mo ho showed his ignorance and his impertinonao, and sho was sorry he knew no botter. I hail been so amused by his conversation nt dinner 1 hud quito forgot tho indecorum. - ' " October 0.-A gn at breakfast ht tho Elliots', . given to tho Nolson pnrty. Lady, llnmilton repeated her nttitudes with groat cffo'.t. All tho compnny, oxeopt their porty (aud myself, went away bçforo dinner ; aftor v/hieb Lady Hamilton, 'who declared sire wa8 passionately fond of .champagne, i took: «uch;a portion o£ it as astonished mo, Lord Nelson was not behindhand, called moró Vociferously than usual for songs in hts own praise, and after many bumpers proposed tho* Queen of Naples/ adding, .' She is my Queen ; ¿he is Queen to the backbone.' Poor Mr. Elliot, who was anxious the parly should not expose themselves more than they had done already, and wished to got over the laBt day as well as he hud dono the rest, endeavoured to stop tho efltision of champagne, and effected it with soma difficulty ; but not till the Lord and Lady, cr, ns ho calls them, Antony and Moll Cleopatra, were protty far gone. I was so tired, I returnod home soon after dinner, but not till Cleopatra had talked to me a great deal of her doubts whether the Queen would receive her, adding, « I care little about it. I had much sooner Bhe would settle half Sir William's pen- sion on me.' After I went, Mr. Elliot told mo Bhe actod Nina intolerably ill, and danced tho Tarantola. During her acting Lord Nelson expressed his admiration by tho Irish sound of astonished applause which no written character can imitate, and by crying every now and then 'Mrs. Siddons be-.' Lady Hamilton expressed great anxiety to go to Court, and Mrs. Elliot assured her it would not amuso her, and that the Elec- tor never gave dinners or suppers. 'What?' cried she, ' no gutling !' Sir William also this evening performed feats of activity, hopping round the room on his backbone, his, arms, legs, star and riband all flying about in the air. " October 10.-Mr.Elliot saw thom on boord to-day. Ho heard by chanco from a King's ! messenger that a frigate waited for them at Hamburg, and ventured to announce it formally. He says, ' Tho moment they were on board) there was an end of the fine arts, of tho attitudes, of the coting, the dancing, and the singing. Lady Hamilton's maid bogan to scold in French about some pro- visions which had been forgot, in language quito impossible to repeat, using certain French words which were never spoken but by men of thc lowest class, and roaring them out from ono boat to another. Lady Hamilton bogan'bawling for an Irish stew, and her old mother set about washing the potatoes, which she did as cleverly as possible. They were exactly like Hogarth's actresses dressing in the bairn. In the evening I went to congratalato the Elliots oh their de- liverance, and found them very sensible of it. Mr. Elliot would not allow his wife to speak above her breath, and said every now and then, 'Now, don't let us laugh to-night; let us all speak in our turn,and be very, very quiet.'" , It,is suggested that Mr. Elliot was a little too easily satisfied with his information-os to tho frigate, because bo was desirous of getting rid; of Nc]son and bis travelling appendages. Such athletic performers were too much for .tho nerves of a discreet, decorous, and fastidious Minister, and would excite much the samo kind of shocking sensation as a sot of riot- ous schoolboys in a young ladies' school. The manners of the day were coarse, those of seamen more particularly BO, and they would be more than usually repulsive to per- sons conversant with the. amenities of Continental society before the court- liness of the old regime had been worn'off by the Revolution. When, probably, tho well-bred Windham would have sworn in an English ball-room, when the most refined members of English society rarely left the dinner table sober, we should err if wo ascribed to Nekton any extraordinary, brutality because hie manners were somowka't uproarious for the emporium of Dresden china. ' That his vanity was capable of receiving enjoy- ment from very coarse flatteries is, we fear, a more reasonable imputation upon him and his companions. Among tbe latter tho reader will, of course, note Miss Cornelia Knight,, whoso autobiography we shall shortly have occasion to. examine. As to Lady Hamil- ton and her mother, everything seems to imply that the highly satiric Bketch of the writer must have been tho very trulh ; but it is more sur- prising that tho fair adventuress should have played such a conspicuous part in history than that her voico should have been loud, her dress vulgar, and her vinous exhilaration at the en thralment of her sea monster too demonstrative. The incident of her old mother washing tbe potatoes for the Irish stew is emblematic in BO many aeneas, is so sugges- tive ' of their antecedents, the re- ciprocity of their affection, tho style of their household, and the creature comforts they dorived in common from tho compliant Hamilton, that the picture is incapable nf improvement, it is so domestically truthful and Homeric. Next to theso characteristics of the Nelson party we oro most impressed by the writer's desultory remarks on the society of Vienna, which are very brief but particularly full of meaning. Since 1848 this society has under- gone some chnngeB, but in tho main it has re- tained tho peculiarities here described. The running footmen have disap- peared, but the passion for dress and the universal good-naturo and good order romain. It is, however, no longer possiblo to live there " in tho samo manner as in London, as noarly os tbo difference of each town will permit, for about one-third of tho expense." On tho contrary, house rent in Vienna within tho circuit of the old walls is now as high, if not higher lhan it is in London, and tho tariff of expenses generally approxi- mates te if it does not,quito reach the London aad Parisian standard. . The following account of an Austrian bath, though it reminds ono of "The Bath " of Miss Winifred Jenkins, oculd not. now bc written of any German watering place Irr- , - '"Juno IC-17.-Three days at Baden, a small town, two posts from Vlonna, celebrated for its warm sulphureous baths. They appear convenient and well attended. In tho largest mon and women of tho best society bathe together, and appear very muoh to enjoy the amusement. Tho gentlemen aro in shirts nnd trousers ; tho ladies in their timmi whito morn- ing dresses, and on their beads caps, handker- chiefs, laces, and riband, fancifully and becom- ingly disposed. It is tho triumph of real beauty and frcshnoBP, as no rougo can be worn, or paint of any kind. Tho bath opons a vost field for coquetry. A becoming dishabille, graceful attitudes, timidity,' languor, and an affectionate confidenco in your conductor, may here all be displayed to advantage. Tho lover leads hÍB raistrcBs, and has perhaps a secret satisfaction in finding him ttolf with hor in a now olement ; for Madame do Genlis observes, I think with truth, that to thoBQ who really lovo overy new situation in nnmpany with the beloved bus a certain charm. Mniy ofthoHO who have no lovers obtain, how cvor, half n oonduotor, ai every man who is not dçvoted RÇpçràlly gives euell arm to ft different lady/ The old/tiie pjaio, and tho neglected ai round on benches, ag U: ia dangerous for womei to,walk about in tho;'bath without a guide Fpoctatbrs aro admitted, who view tho seen from a little-gallery. To them the heat am sulphureous smell aro V6ry unpleasant." The sketch of Lady Holland, whoso chastene tyranny so many of us remember as very capti vating, is no less striking, though somewha spiteful : "Sept. 7.-Dined at Mr. Elliot's with th Hollands. Her ladyship's manner to her hus band is too imperious ; it is not tba tyranny o a mistress or a wife, but of a governess to he trembling pupil. "Sept. 8.-Dined with tho Hollande She has a mixture of imperiousness and cupric very amusing to the mere spectators. Her in dolence is also remarkable, and she HOB in very easy posture on a sofa, with screens bc tween the lights and her eyes, in all the dignit; of idleness, employing every individual wh travels in her party without apology or intel mission. Her husband has the honour of bein] fag-in-chief, but she likewise entirely occupie a humorous clergyman, a peevish physician and a young lord. There is likewise i boy (Mr. Dickons) who comes occasionally, lilt those who attend servants in great families ti do jobs ; but he has found out that she dislike! tho trouble of repeating her orders, and oftci evades them by affecting not to hear.'' But we take tho sting out of this extract b; quoting a genial and sparkling criticism on th Madonna di San Sisto, than which nothing cai be moro happy : " We then went to tho gallary, whore the pictur that most struck me was a Raphael représentai] the Virgin standing on a cloud, with the infan Jesus in her arms, the saints on cither sido ii tho act of adoration, and at the bottom ol th picture two of tho lovoliest heads of cherubs over saw. Tho Virgin's face is divine. Th Child, who appears about a year old, has mor the expression of tho King than Saviour of th world. There is a beautiful haughtiness, mixe with disdain, in its features." Nor is the following judgment on on of the philosophic ladies of tho cn of the last century wanting eithor i: faith or humour. It would bo wort quotation if it were only for the glimpse of th writer's afterlife, whioh the Dean has added as note. In 1825 much that shone so brightly i 1709 had ceased to dazzle :-? " September 28.-Left Königsbrück, whero had passed a few very pleasant and retired doy: Countess Munster is a warra partizan of th philosophy of Kant, who soys perfectabilitj and not happiness, should be the object of hi man researches. Madame MunBter has adopte this idea, and considers all revealed religion s priestcraft, and Christianity as depravin our hearts, because it founds our virtues on selfish hope of future bliss, and contracting on understandings, because it substitutes faith fe reason. She thinks truth unattainable, but thc there is a degree of relative truth to which eoe understanding may arrive, in proportion to it Btrength and effjrts. She is not the most io: midable opponent to tho Christie religion it has yet encountered and I doubt if she perfectly undci stands herself on these subjects, which sh seoks with an eagerness that denotes a porfec conviction of her own strength. A. lofty cor tempt of those who do believe and grec bigotry to her own system render her converst tion on such topics unpleasing. She has som imagination, extensive reading, but little tac and a great deal of vanity ; yot she is altogethe superior to tho general class of females, an neither wants sensibility nor olevation." "I copy (says the Dean) from a later journo an ontry with date Jan. 7, 1855 :-« At Ins after an interval of Hi years, which succeoded tolerably intímalo acquaintance of sovei weeks, I saw Count Munster, of Hanovei again. We met like two ghosts, that ought t have been laid long since. I witnessed th whole process of tho difficulty ot persuadió him that 1 was J, and 1 thought bim ns tnucl changed in his degree as be could havo foun me. When we conversed, all the persons w referred to were dead and gone ; and our inter view added another link in m mind to tho chain of proofs that aftc a very, very long interval neither friend nor acquaintance ought to meet in this world Ho was kindly anxious to renew our acquaint ance, and visited mo tbo next day ; but still i seemed as if seeing mo had renewed some pain fnl associations.'" At Vienna, and subsequently at Berlin til writer had tho entire to the best society, and i her little descriptions were translated inti German they would doubtless bo road engerí; in either capital. At Berlin she was intra duced to Prince Henry among other persons He . look9 like a little fiend of the mino class, not Belial or any of tho noblest of hell. We conversed so little I can sponk bu oi his exterior. Ho appears ns if ho lind jus crept out of tho embors and was half-singed.' BeurnonviUc, originally a corporal, pu j H he; compliments "very much in tho stylo o Monsieur ' Jourdain." On roturning irotn i party at Madame Engcetrom's she finds un im moose inhabitant of the hair " on her tuckor.' " My suspicions turned for a momcut on Pigna telli, but on reflection I om euro he bclongcc to tío French mission," Sho was greatly im pressod by Gentz, who, with Rivarol, wero th< ' two men of greatest talont she met in Ber lin. Moreover, sho went to Court nnd behclt toot Queen of Prussia BO famous in history and who influenced tho chivalry of her subjects to such impotent results. «' December 28.- She reminded mo of Burkes ' star, glittering with life, splendeur, and joy, and realised all tho fanciful ideas ono forms in ono's infancy of the young, gay, beautiful, and . magnificent queens in tho Arabian jNigîtts. She is an angel of loveliness, mildness, and grnce ; tall and svel to, j ot sufficiently embonpoint; bet hair is light, her complexion fnir und fault' less; an inexpressible air of sweetness reigns in her countenance, nnd forms its predominant chnntctcr. As perfect beauty in natura is n chimera, Uko thc philosopher's stone, and as it is rarely to bc lound but in the highor works of art, I take nothing from her charms in saying sho is not faultless. An ill- shaped mouth, indifferent teeth, n broad forehead, and lurgo limbs aro tho defects tho severest criticism cnn discover; while her bair, her hoight, her movements, har shoulders, her waist, aro all unexceptionable. Theso slight faults only provo sho is a woman and not a statue, and altogether shu is ono of tho loveliest creatures I havo ever seen, Her dress was lu tho best taste. Her hair wan dresied in the fullest and most varied of tho Grecian forms, going vory fur bock, nnd orna- mented with u heron's foathcr, nnd a number of immcuBO dinmond stars, so placed ns to form a bnndoou quito round, which came cloeo to lier temples. Sho wore n chemise of crape, richly embroidëred iq .emerald green foil, and a ntoWow, (siroplyioi body ifr'niu, and short sleeves "'bf >palo^ pink* silk slightly, sparkling with gold, and trimmed nil round wjth sabio. Her neck was richly' ornamented with jewols. She speaks very graciously and politely i to every ono. I was also presentod to tho Prin- cess of Orange, a beautiful young woman." This last extrjct falls under tho dato of De- cember 38, 1800, and on December 81 the Journal ends. At all events, its continuation, if it over existed, has been sought for in VOID. We long, however, to hear something wore of tho writer, and to know her when tho heyday of her. youth had been clouded by thoso sorrows to which tho Dean alludes. So sparkling and joyous. a nature, though it was perhaps saddened, was surely mellowed, in tho autumn of lifo. . Journal fopt during a Vi»it to Germany In 171/1). lf*(i i. Kdltfd by tho Doail of iVçalinioatcr. [Npt pub liji.ii: 2 