; ANNIVERSARY TEA MEETING IN THE I \- PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, BALMAIN"" YESTERDAY evening a very numerously attended tea meeting was held in the Presbyterian Church, Balmain, in commemoration of the first opening of that building for divine worship. The church was tastefully decorated by Mr. Rowan Ronald with breaches of forest trees, the foliage of the banana, and the graceful tendrils of the passion flower. Over the pulpit hung a large well shaped crown skilfully formed by leaves, and set off with bright coloured dahlias, disposed jewel-case upon the arches. The tables were also set out with much taste, and profusely ornamented with flowers. Several different families undertook to supply, each at its own cost, a table, tea equipage, and also the things thereunto appertaining. Thus the entertainment could not but be profitable to the Church, the entire profit derived from the sale of the tickets being placed to the credit of the funds. Everything provided was excellent, but some slight inconvenience was experienced from the crowded state of the edifice, large numbers of persons resident in Sydney being present. After the tea table had been removed, Mr. N. D. Stenhouse, on the motion of Mr. Hunt, was placed in the chair. The CHAIRMAN expressed his acknowledgments for the compliment which the meeting had paid him in calling him to the chair, and said he could state, with the most unhesitating sincerity, that there was no class whom he was more desirous of conciliating than those with whom he was personally associated in the worship of the Almighty. He willingly accepted the honour of presiding at the meeting held in commemorating the opening for public worship of their unpre- tending little church. On the occasion of most anniversaries he could not help feeling, as he became further advanced in years, that they were generally not unmingled with solemn, and sometimes melancholy thoughts ; such, however, was not the case with the anniversary which had come round again that night. That was one which was connected with nothing but what was bright and comforting-no- thing that was not altogether pleasant and cheering to their hearts. Many would recollect the difficulties that they had had to surmount in the early stage of their existence as a separate congregation, and these could not but be well pleased to think that they could meet there that night with feelings of satisfaction for that which had passed, and every encouragement as regarded the future. As several gentlemen were to address them, he would not then any longer detain them. The chairman, on resuming his seat, was loudly cheered. The Hundredth Psalm (old version) having been sung with great effect by the choir, The Rev Mr. GORDON, minister of the church, rose and addressed the meeting. They were met that evening under circumstances which gave evidence of the especial favour which they had received from Almighty God, favour for which it behoved them to be particularly thankful. And first he desired leave to say how much pleasure it gave him to see the house so well filled, and that too with kind and sympathising friends who were apparently well pleased to be present. It showed him that the religious element was, as he had always been persuaded, thoroughly consistent with due social enjoyment. He was, he must confess, also much pleased to see there so many of his reverend brethren from Sydney, and begged cordially to thank them in the name of his congregation for that kindliness and brotherly love which had thus caused them to be present. This attention shown to them was one which they the more appreciated because they were in a state of comparative isolation, as a congregation, not being specially and exclusively connected with any one of the different sections, into which the Presbyterian Church in this colony was unfortunately divided. They did not by any means undervalue the importance of religious unity. On the contrary, he believed himself right in saying that their position, as a congregation, was, in itself, a strong protest against the divisions which obtained in the Presbyterian communion. He was happy to say that there were many of the various sections of Presbyterians who were members of that congregation, and the utmost harmony existed amongst them. In fact there never appeared to be even the " ghost " of difference amongst them. (Cheers and laughter.) On each of their anniversaries they had been blessed with good reason to thank God and take courage. On one occasion it was true they had met in some sorrow, but even then their grief had been counterbalanced by the good prospects before them. During the past year they had well nigh got rid of all their debts. Twelve months ago they still owed £300 for a cash credit at the Oriental Bank on the part of the building fund, and were also indebted to the amount of £47,-principally expended in arresting the depredations of the white ant. Now, he was glad to say, they were quite clear of that pest. Besides the two sums he had mentioned, they also, a year ago, owed Mr. Hunt the sum of £192 the price of the land on which the church was built, and the interest due thereon. Mr. Hunt had generously made the Church a present of this £192 the cost of the site. (Prolonged applause.) They were also under great obligations to the ladies who had got up a bazaar on behalf of the Church, and had thereby realised £265 in gross. This assistance had enabled the committee to pay off £200 of the debt. Thus they now only owed about £100, and this they trusted soon to have wiped off. The building had stood them in £1100, and of this they had paid off £1000. They had, indeed, abundant reason for gratitude to the Giver of all good for the temporal prosperity with which they had been blessed, and were under obligations to Mr. Hunt, and to the ladies, for the way in which they had helped them. He was glad to say that the Sabbath School and the prayer meetings in connection with the Church were in a prosperous state. The Rev. JOHN P. M'SKIHMWG testified to the great pleasure he had in being again, for the fourth time, present at one of their anniversary meetings. He was glad to hear of the material prosperity which had attended the congregation during the year now brought to a close. He understood that they were now only indebted in the small sum of £100, and he earnestly advised them to clear that off without delay. If they did not promptly do so he had more than half a mind to say that he would not come to see them at the next anniversary. Mr. McSkimming enforced his advice as to the speedy liquidation of this remaining £100 by a humorous anecdote, which created much amusement, and BO sat down amidst demonstrations of applause. Another anthem was then sung by the choir. The Rev. Mr. BOURKE expressed the pleasure he felt in finding that they were rapidly getting out of debt, and in neat terms, congratulated Mr. Gordon on the harmony and good feeling that subsisted amongst members of his communion. He hoped they should soon have Church Union, but without any sacrifice of individual principle. The doctrine taught in Presbyterian churches was in all respects identical ; it was only in discipline they differed. Scattered and divided as The Presbyterian churches in this colony were, they would be found always to agree in doctrine-having one faith, one hope, one baptism, one God and Father of all, in whom and through whom they all ought to rejoice. An anthem was then sung from the 52nd chapter of Isaiah,-" How beautiful upon the mountains.'' The Rev. Mr. THOMSON and the Rev. Mr. CARR next followed. The first of these gentlemen directing his observations principally to the subject of Christian unity. Mr. Carr confined himself chiefly to the topic of Sunday schools. Previous to his rising to speak, an anthem, taken from the first part of the " Te Deum," was sung by the choir. Mr. HuNT made a few remarks as to the duty of parents towards their children, and drew particular attention to the Royal Family, as an instance of what good might be effected by the word and example of pious parents. Votes of thanks were then successively passed in favour of the reverend speakers who had come there that night, in favour of the choir which had contributed so much to the harmony of the evening-the ladies who had presided over the tea arrangements-and of the chairman, A very pleasing anthem was then finally sung by a gentleman and two young ladies, after which the meeting broke up, having first sung the Doxology. The meeting terminated soon after ten o'clock. ARMIDALE HOSPITAL -The annual report of this institution was held on the 9th instant. The report stated that sixty-seven persons had received medical treatment during the year. No complaints had been made by any of the patients. During the year the building had been put in good repair, a medicine chest had been provided, a case of surgical instruments obtained, bath rooms had been built and supplied with the necessary conveniences, and the premises had been in other ways rendered more complete. The financial report showed a balance of £304 in favour of the institution. The reports were adopted. The medical attendants, Dr. West and Dr. Skinner, having been re-elected, it was resolved to pay them £100 per annum conjointly. The wards man's salary was increased to £100, on certain conditions. The committee and officers for the year were appointed, and several suggestions made for the further improvement of the hospital premises and arrangements.-Armidale Express. 