COLONIAL lOTELWCfl, VICTORIA. Tun LAND AGITATION IST VICTORIA.-The Argus of 21->t nit. bays :-Tliero is certainly no roason "normal to our condition why wu should have greater difficulty in devising a land system than the other Australian colo- nies. The cause of our failure must be sought in the accident which has given poli- tical, power in' this country to a few of the worst class of professional agitators-the off scourings of British chartism and American democracy. The land question is not neces- sarily a political, still less a social "'difficulty. It is our misfortune that it has been allied to politics, and made the vehicle of class anta- gonism, by the men who seek their trade in keeping open the question. It is their inte- rest to make it appear that one class of the community are the natural enemies of an- other, that every measure which receives the assent of the propertied classes is necessarily inimical to the working man, and that every- thing is to*bc viewed with suspicion which comes with a good word from the other side. The astonishing stupidity of some of these prejudices is only to be equalled by tho im- pudence with which they are maintained by our demagogues, and the "tenacity with which they are held by a certain class of the people. The wonder is, however, not that tho quacks should not tire of their impos- ture, but that their dupes should not discover the trick. For years past, the Stump has been living on the ghost of a great griev- ance. Time was when the squatters were a positive impediment to the settlement of this country; and at that time none'were more emphatic or earnest in their denunciation than ourselves. In those days, tho squatters would have been something moro than human if they could have done all that the people expected of them. That they did not voluntarily make a road for their own de- struction, was doubtless a great breach of public duty on their part ; but, in their behalf, it may be urged that nothing they could have done would have satisfied the furious rage of our democrats for agricul- tural settlement. Long after, however, the squatters have either the power or the will to stop the course of popula lation, thoy are still retained as the property tyrants of our political stage. They are still engaged in vexing and spoiling the true de- mocracy-in keeping the people from their landed property, in impounding the people's cows, debauching the people's representa- tives, and corrupting the people's surveyors. They are the people's letes-noii s of every true land reformer. They draw up all the land bills, and fill the m with all sorts of sinister clauses. If there is a bill otherwise, liberal and unobjectionable-a bill which provides for the speedy settlement of the people-a bill which offers a fair compro- mise between conflicting interests, it must be rejected on the mere fact of its not being opposed by the squatters. Even this nega- tive character is a positive disqualification in the eyes of those who profess to represent liberal principles on this question. We are led to believe that this is a social question between wealth and poverty-a contest of aristocracy with democracy-a battle in which one side must be exterminated before the other can exist. Before Mr. Gray's mind's-eye there is always a hideous phantom of a bloated squatter, with a ras- cally balance at his banks, who leads about a surveyor by a string, and lives for no other enjoyment than to prevent the settlement of the people. The Argus of the 27th ultimo says: Last night, though a considerable amount of time was wasted over the first clause that came under discussion, the Legislative Assembly made considerable progress in committee with the Crown Land Sales Bill. Fifteen clauses were agreed to, substantially as proposed by the government. Thirty- nine clauses of tho bill (embracing some of the most important provisions contained in the measure) have been adopted, one nega- tived, and four postponed. At the weekly_ meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Society, on Tuesday (at which his Excellency Sir Henry Barkly at- tended), some conversation took place con- cerning the herd of camels existing at Twofold Bay. His Excellency stated ,that he had been informed that several years ago, some camels had been brought overland from Sydney to Mel- bourne, and were then shipped back again. The secretary was instructed to pursue the inquiries which had been set on foot, as the council generally expressed a sense of the importance of preserving and utilizing these animals in some way. It was stated that several of the camels from the Exploration Expedition were now on their way to Melbourne, to be re- stored to the charge of the Zoo- logical Committee, and some dis- cussion ensued as to the establishment of a regular breeding herd in some suitable locality. It was suggested that some of the settlers would probably afford paddock room for so interesting an experiment. Mr. Wil- son, of the Wimmera, had already offered such accommodation, but it was conceived desirable to select a site more ready of access, for purposes of supervision. His Excellency suggested the police paddock at Cape Schanck, which was thought to possess many advantages. The president stated that he had been informed, by letter from Mr. Mackinnon, that the zebus presented to the society by the Acclimatisation Society of France were now in fine condition, and he expected to ship them from London in January. In a letter from Paris, the pre-, sident also learned that there is a probabi- lity of a pair of domesticated ostriches being sent from there to the society. A resolu- tion was unanimously passed, expressing the council's warm thanks to, and sympathies with, Captain Lowrie in his efforts to introduce the guaramie. A letter was also read from Mr. Henry Follett, stating that in 1831 he left the Mauritius, on board an East Indiaman, in company with an officer, who had placed in a teak-built tank, containing 2500 gallons of water, thirty- six full-grown guaramies, and that, after a passage of forty-nine days, they reached Bombay without losing a single fish. On the evening of the 25th, the Legisla- tive Assembly was visited by Sir Charles Cooper (late of South Australia) and Mr. Torrens. The house at the time of their visit was in committee on the Land Bill. A horrible murder has been committed at Yandoit, in the Castlemaine district, on the person of John Hampshire, a storekeeper on the main road to Yandoit. He was last seen alive at about three o'clock on the afternoon of the 18th, and on the following morning his house was observed to be closed. On the 20th he was found dead in his house, with a gun-shot wound in his head, over the right temple, and with his skull split open, apparently with a spade, to which a portion of the brains and some hair were adhering. He was known to be possessed of money, and it is supposed the murder was committed from feelings of revenge. The Chinese Immigrants' Act Amendment Bill was read a second time in the Legisla- tive Council on the 25th. There being no opposition to the measure, the house went into committee upon it. The bill was passed through without amendment, and read a third time, and subsequently passed. A meeting of the Exploration Committee was ippnintod for tin» afternoon of the 24th, at tho R iy.il SocietvN H ill, but a quorum failed to attend. Undei these circumstances Mr. John King's promised statement, which we believe refers to the condition of the camels-, alter they left the charge of Mr. Lan dell's, could not be made. Mr. Welch, the surveyor attached to Mr. Howitt's party, who has b'eeu obliged to return to Melbourne through being¡ attacked >by retinitis while using his sextant, and whose right eye is useless-at all events for a time-was in attendance, and informed those of the com- mittee who happened to be present that Mr. ñowitt left Mount Murchison on Mon- day, 'the 27th' January. Mr. Howitt received, befoie his departure, a despatch from the committee, stating that despatches would be sent on by the next mail, but Mr Howitt could not afford to wait another fortnight, lest the water on his route should dry up. The des- patches did not arrive for a fortnight after- wards, by which time (said Mr. Welch) Mr. Howitt must have been half way to Coo- per's Creek. No one was left behiutl, because all the men were lcquired to look after the stock. The despatches wore now at Mount Murchison. [The purport of these des- patches was that Mr. Howitt should bring down the remains of no other persons thau those of Burke and Wills ; but, according to the despatch dated January 25th, nnd qnoted in the Argus of Thursday, Mr Howitt appeared to be aware of the wishos of the committee]. Mr. Welch added that Mr. Wheeler, the surgeon, was left at Monindio, in charge of Bhotan, the Sepoy, who was invalided from a camel's bite in the right arm. The removal of Bhotan was necessnry, and as he could not ride a horse, the only way to bring him down to Molbourno in safety was by a light American waggon. Mr. Welch added that when the depot at Menindie was broken up, the stores were transferred to Captain Cadell's establish- ment, but there still remained several small articles-medical and ' astronomical instru- ments, rough gems belonging to Dr. Becker, &c.; -which could be brought down by the waggon which conveyed Bhotan. In a despatch written by Mr. Howitt, from Mount Murchison, ou the 18lh January, and re- ceived by the committee a fortnight ago, but which was not handed tous until yes teiday, the following passage occurs :-" I regret exceedingly that owing to an affection of the eye, from which Mr. Welch has suf- fered since leaving Menindie, he will be pro vented from accompanying me at this time. AB I am unable to fill his place in the party here, I shall endeavor to perform tho duties as far as I am able. I shall feel the loss of Mr. Welch's services in the party in many ways." The despatch was accompanied by a medical certificate from Mr. Wheeler. The instructions given to Mr. Howitt to forward to Melbourne the camels which were of no use in his expedition are being carried out. The following despatch, dated " Swan Hill, February 20," was received yesterday by the secretary to the Exploration Com- mittee :-" Sir,-I have to inform you that I arrived here on the 18th with the camels. They are all well, but the young oneb require rest. I shall be obliged to ' spell ' here for six or seven days. Mr. Howitt directcdjtne to collect several horses upon my arrival here, and take them to Melbourne. I find I can only get one of the number, which is perfectly useless, he having poll evil, and not likely to recover. The horses that Messrs. Calcutt and Pinin were to have left here knocked up with them, and I understood were left a long way down the Murray, in low condition. Under these cir- cumstances, I consider it advisable not to remove them. I shall therefore proceed upon my journey as soon as the camels have recovered, and shall come by easy stages, taking all the back roads, from Bendigo to Melbourne. The male camel here is much quieter. I shall report the arrival of the camels in person upon reaching the Deep Creek.-(Signed.) H. S. SAMPSON, in chargo of stock."-Argus. FREAKS OP THE LIGHTNING.--During the thunderstorm on Tuesday evening, the light- ning struck the ground in several places at the upper end of Forest Creek. About 9 p.m. Dr. Meears was standing in front of the British Amorican Hotel with the land- lord, his wife, and another person, watching the play of the electric fluid. Suddenly there was an intensely bright flash, instantly followed by a tremendous crash of thunder. The electric fluid had descended on one of the telegraph posts on the opposite side of the road, and was playing strange antics on the wire. Dr. Meears observed the light- ning darting to and fro along the conductor, and thence apparently to the earth, as nearly as he could gueBS, for four or five seconds, accompanied by a rapid succession of sharp reports, like the firing of numerous revolvers. The same flash entered the store of Mr. Michell, not far distant, and aftor damag- ing a picture in the wall, and doing some further slight injuries, ploughed up a hole in the ground and disappeared. One of the public lamps near the same spot was also thrown to the earth by the electric fluid, or as some say by a dray, the horse in which took fright at the lightning. We believe it left traces of its visit elsewhere, though for- tunately not of a serious nature.-Mount Alexander Mail. The Ballarat Star remarks :-Besides well-developed plants of nardoo, Messrs. Lang and Elliott have at present growing in the open ground adjoining their premises in Bridge-street, a strong healthy plant of por tulac, the other tropical vegetable which was so greatly serviceable in sustaining the lives of the Victorian Exploring Expedition. Por tulac, orportulaca, is a plant resembling the English purslane, with succulent leaves, and a slightly acid flavour. Cooked like spinach, or tho English wild plant called fathen, we can well imagine that it was accounted quite a luxury by our explorers after long spells of dried animal food. THE COLONIZATION OP THE NORTH.-We are aware of more than one project for colo- nising Northern and North-western Austra lia-the most feasible being one which proposes to effect the purpose by means of a private association, similar to those which were successfully formed for the colonisation of Port Phillip twenty-seven years ago. Another scheme on a much larger beale has now assumed a sufficiently definite shape to permit of a prospectus being issued for the formation of the company. The following is a few of the principal points embraced in the prospectus. The company is to have a nominal capital of £5,000,000, in 200,000 shares of £25 each ; half the shares are to be reserved for European shareholders ; dur- ing a period of twelve months 20s. per share only will be called up, and no further call to be made unless the company, by nego ciating with the British Government, re- ceived a grant of the territory, when it will bo a financial matterof consideration whether any further call Bhall ever be made. The first object of the company will be to place one hundred thousand breeding ewes and five hundred mares, by the most practicable routes, upon the country found by Stuart, Burke, and Wills, and to select a site upon the banks of the river Victoria, for a town and depot for stores, by which means sup plies can be easily sent to the stations taken up between Cooper's Creek and the Port. The prospectus alleges that one hundred thousand young ewes will, during a period of seven years, increase at tho rate of 60 per cent, to a million, and that the wool from such a number, during tho same time, will amount to over £500,000. Tho prospectus fully sets ont iu various schedules the cos-t of the purchase of the one hundred thou«and sheep, five hundred ninn»s, the cost of at- tendance for twelve months, anti the cost of forming a depot upon the river Victoria, with much other useful information.- Geelong Advertiser. CHARGE OF LARCENY.--A young man named Thomas Goomley, or Gormndy, was received yesterday by thepolice authorities in Brisbane, on the charge of having robbod his father in Sydney of 42 sovereigns. He wns apprehended in the district of Dalby, and forwarded by the Dalby bench to Bris- bane, and he will now he conveyed to Sydney by the Kembla, for the purpose of being dealt with. 