[(?BOM THE OHUST or GUYKDAB.] »i Oboe more ! . aye, once more, slowly moving from f my sepulchral aooAe, do I appear. Long ond wearisome has been my work since last I ad dressed a few lines in your journal for public scrutiny; far away my uneasy spirit has roamed and found bo rent till it rreached theCouricil Hall, and found that room was left there for one more congenial spirit. I heard, 1 noted, down, and then with triumph: spread my wings ' aud bore awav for my station on the bonks of the Burnett. . What I have seen and heard in this last peregrinations, I shall detail at times, when the atisard conduct «f any MX.C. shall ' render it necessary. Oh could you but glancs : within that Council Halll and view the change which has taken place wifhin the last few days The golden banner of reform waves there: former contentions and dissentiong have vanished, and the voice of trrjth has taken .'place of arroganco and folly. But why this change?— Becaote but few members were present;- the. ?sreBk-where were they? One at his station, counting out his sheep, and getting j*adyforweaniDg:--rae*ak.s ing it easy on the lounge in his conntry housu jnthe Downs; one engaged in study how l«st to bridge thep»rpettWyer, and to i»n#toW» bridges on a' eew. principle '; the ifit ;iU^iving oontonredly on jftieirfevouritejipoiwi/ ^Reim portation. On.ftrforni ! ftefotm ! few Wiling ie thy name to thW whose hearts are Donnditip with old-fangled 'plain, oW worn-out ^bttrines fished up from the year One.' Happy indeed aft the people who ibave good sense enough to own their faults ana -become thy honest advocates and patrons. *It has amuped mv- much to see the proud anit) pompous aire assumed by certain of this com mnnity who have hurl the particular honour of of J.P. conferred on them ; and if before their arrogance was thought unbearable, truly it is uow threefold. Tom, and Dick, and Harry, as Esquire and J.P., look well. All credit to them. A little bounce arid swagger is excusable in any ruffianly bully, but is v xecrable in a true gentle man. Verily we have had some raciting work since my last communication. The bridge over Oakey Creek has been taken out of the hands of the contractors, and is to be finished at the risk of Mr. Roberts (at least so he says). It seems hardly fair, considering all things, that such should be done. All the public require is, that the bridge should be opened for traffic as speedily as possible. This would, no doubt, have been effvettsd in the space of five weeks at farthest, had it remained in the hands of the contractors even though they wore behind hnnd); wherens now, the bridge is standing idle, and apparently likely to do so for the nesf year or two. Hum bug has been long one of thegreatcnttracteristfcB of the Burnett, and all I can say is the whole transaction seems altogether humbug. Truly it annoys me to think over the past, when the malicious slander of that friend of Gayodah, who speaks against the liberty of the Press, comes back upon my ear. Bas it roused the ire of tbe champion paper of Queensland, or rests he idly sacking sugar sticks ? The Guardian of a people's rights— has he, too, no word of- con dolence, or are his thunders still? What signs are these in our times, when rotm can pobhely and witb impunity attack the Press? Hsb it roused the spirits? — Matry haa it! since flesh and blood are silent, spirits will not rest idly in their graves. It sticks in my gizzard (that' is, if a ghost has such) to hear that go partial an ac count of the proceeding* was given by ' Oar own Correspondent,' and that so tame a report filled up the columns of your contemporary. I was glad to read in your lust issue that there are some independent spirits left in Queensland — men who are not afraid to speak -their mind«, and mask not their sentiments to' please the world. Of such class I presume your correspon dent Charles Blakeney, Esq., belongs. A ghost tenders his thanks. His last letter in the Chronicle in reference to Mr. Haly's excuse for voting against the establishment of District Courts is a reclieiche morsel — a tit-hit, recom mended for perusal of all honest forthcoming legislators. Cur Burnett member wonld do well to look over it; such might influence his opinion more favourably, — and in proof of the benefit of district courts, I may simply state that a casc came under my notice which could not be decided here, simply from the absence of smch courts, Tbe case therefore, must be taken to Maryborough or Brisbane to be entered into, and tbe business must be decided a few hundred miles distant, whilst justice lies dormant at our doors. + ;? ,. There wo* no Court last week ; — this, and a few miDor items of intelligence, I leave to other correspondents. They talk of an election here, and already the list is fast filling up. I wonder if the bridge builder — the genius of architectural notoriety — will have the hardihood to put up again. If he could only peruse that little work entitled ' Hints to Legislators,' an extract from which was given in my last, he would shrink back with fear, and inspire no more to an office for which he appears m little qualified. Let me give him Bule 2.—' All persons putting np for members should be aware that the honour craved can only beheld by well-educated men. Without education, legislation would be a farce, and the very boor who uow looks on with mouth agape at conversations which he understands uot, would regard with a frown these men of ppwer, shonld they be found in mental acquire ment lower than himself.' However, all honour to true M.Ij.Aji. But if this be honour, what constitutes the' pleasure thereof? Australia's foiw aspire to it. Great and noble AJ.1./.A.! Is it not grand to stand in tbe council hall, to spo.ut and rave three hours or more, and at lust when the long speech is done, is it not pleasant to see your name in print next day ,l(yuded4n the skies ? Oh ! it is glorions I— and this is honour! . Is it not pleasant to stand before some motley crowd to spout absurdity till the pulse brats low with horror, and boast of what you will do when you get in. Give me your votesi ye people! Talk loudly of tl^eir interest-r-how such shall be studied by you day and night— and all thnt can conduce, to the improvement of the district, viz., roads and bridges, shall' byyourmeans.be ef fected. Oh I this is honour! Hark 10 the plau dits of the waving ntaas-r- cheers resounding on every side from loyal throats. Hark yon ignoble : rutSan with h.ig store of rotten epgs ready Jppelt :th'e representative— his voice first in the throng, *' Down with him !' - is«nch honour? ?*ueh;Sthes pleasures of th,e .. hustings ?? Oh, let me forget - such, and rest quietly in mr silent gravel. Go, to, ye men of chaff and etubble;. go .to. thy, mother's apron-strings, and to thy igrano mother's' teachings ; learn, first to^suck eggs/ere ye come forward to claim position nndfiH'tue place of better men, who will So justice ai'onr represent tatives. . ? -.;- ; :.-?-,' ?'?''' K'*''-'-' ---1.'-'3 Another item of intelligence.. Truly we re-, puire postal reform. A bi-weekly mail would do good, no doubt, arid so would :a; little change [ifi.j the time of arrival and departure. ' The' Argus stated, ilie Inspector wouldtspecdily .arrives he has not yet come, and we hear nothing further . 'fif the subject. Postal arrangements js a *ub jpet which needs the attention jj^ higher powers than those of GayndahorMaryborough. .Many, conjectures have been 'raised In this commuuity; in reference to the vj$na/&T; and I also oliqerve you notice the subject in answer to one of your carrespondents. ?! am glad; to find the judg»! merit of some of our 'knowing' mew bets of: society at fault.- Let them guesKjn vain;' *hp ,. Gbost (not of Bub Ban) keeps hit pye on them', and notes down their misdeedf. In private and . , UllUlli! lie IS CTv- ut(t» »^^ ntnb iiumw v ??#* yui^ii or unjust transactious/ The '?? Ghost' is no recfr less scribbler who merely scrawls for amuse-.; ment, or with interested' and pecuniary JDotiyta.] The advancement of this district and town, and the welfare of the community U all that hag ip duced him to appear. Old systems are worn -on t_; -r-reformation is needed,— and my ^istfttiary;, notes' will appear at intervale till truth ftuiiiignt;. pursue the even tenor of their way. -My st»y 3s' now short, but when I ogain return I'trns^'io'lbb' able to regale your readers wi^A hanijuet^ electioneering utetict, . ' March 16,186?. ? . ?..-- ' ' ' ' a 