THE SOUTH PROVINCE ELECTION. THE NOMINATION. The nomination of candidates for the repre sentation of the South Province in the Legisla tive Council, took place yesterday at the Court House, Brighton. One member has to be elected in place of Mr A. Sutherland, who retires by ro tation, and who is absent from the colony. Thero was a moderate attendance of electors, some seventy or eighty persons being present. The Returning Officer, Mr W. A. C. a'Bbckett, read the writ fur tho election, and called upon the electors to propose the candidates. i Mr Rolfe, M.L.C., proposed Dr Embling as a ' fit and proper person to represent the province in I the Legislative Council. He did so, because he believed Dr Embling's sentiments were such es were shared in by the people at large, and it was of importance that the general community should : be represented. Dr Embling was not a large landed proprietor — it would be an i objection if ho wag, for they wanted a man j who could give an impartial judgment upon the \ land question when it oame before tho Council. . The State -aid question had been brought before \ the Legislature on several occasions j the Legisla- j tive Assembly had decided three or four times j that it Bhculd be abolished, but the bill had been always rejected by the Council. Now he did not think that the voice of the people should be dis regarded in this way, and as Dr Embling was op pcBed to State-aid, he would support him as 9 fit and proper perse n on that ground alcne. Mr Jamb3 Wuew.uld seconded the nomination. Dr Embling was not a maiden candidate — cer- tainly he might be for the Legislative Council, but they knew his acts, and could judge of his principles from his votes in the Legislative Aa aembly. Mr Clarke in his address stated that the prosperity of the colony would be his prosperity, and that itsdecline would beparticipatedinbyhim. He also said that he had done nothing to forfeit the good opinions of the electore, but it was hard to tell how he could forfeit a thing he never had. ('Hear, hear,' and laughttr.) Mr Clarke had re presented the Province once, that was certain, but it was equally certain that the electors, when he was elected, were to a considerable extent asleep, and now they were about to exercise thuir vigilance. Mr Clarke would not get in. Mr Clarke said in his address — which, by the wny, they would acquit him of writing himself — that he was the architect of his own fortune, and, therefore, he claimed their support. Now he had no objection to Mr Clarke raising any superstructure so long as he used hiB own materials, but on this important point he took issue with Mr Clarke. At the time he was returned before, Mr Clarke had not been so suc cessful in putting the Bolinda Mining Company before the public. Now, bad as the Provident Institute might be, it was intended at the start that the depositors should have something for their money, but it was very different with the Bolinda Mining Company. (An Elector : ' That's nothing to do with the question before the meeting.') Yes, jt was. The principal thing they had to see was, whether the candidates were honest men ; and if he could refer to an act on the part of one of them which disentitled him to their confidence, it was a great deal to do with the question. Mr Ularke having, since 185B, carried out an arrangement like the Bolinda Company, tvas certainly not entitled to their confidence. (An Elector : ' Do the lawyers get their money honestly?') When a man had been guilty of benefiting himself at tho expense of the public by misrepresentations, he could not be worthy of a seat in die Legislative Council. They should have a man to represent them incapable of the transaction. They were loud enough in their protestations on the occasion he referred to. Mr Clarke had done nothing since to purge himself of the act he had been guilty of, and the eleotors would do quite right in not returning him. Mr H. O'Neill said it was very desirable they should consider the qualifications of the candi dates both as to mind and pocket. The colony had stood forth at the Great Exhibition by virtue of its corn, its wool, and its wine, but how had these riches been developed ? Not by the lawyers and the doctors — they never came until there was something to take away, but by men like Mr Clarke, who grubbed the trees, dipped the sheep, tilled the land, and produced crops, for the benefit of those who came after them. Mr Clarke waB not given to speech-making, but he Bpoke to the point, and his desire was to settle the people upon the lands, and give them a fine carcasB of mutton and a good fleece as well. Mr Clarke was a tried man too. He had represented the Province before with satisfaction to the electors, and honor to himself. Men of his clnas were always envied, and were always attacked ; it wbs the worthless ones who were let alone. No doubt Mr Clarke had been sanguine about getting gold out of his land, but it was only a mis take on his part. (An Elector : 'How much money) did he get out of it?') Ho could not tell, but if Mr Clarke had committed a fraud, why was he not brought before the law courts, and why was everybody glad to Bhake hands with him in Great Collins street still ? He maintained that a member ought to be qualified, both in head and pocket; and as it wa3 represented that many men now in the Council had not the property qualification required of them, he (hought their representative should pledge himself to have a strict inquiry made. (Hear, hear.) Men might have gone into the Councill well qualified, but, with the rapid depreciation in the value of pro perty which had taken place/they might now be scarcely solvent, and any honorable man placed in such a position would at once retire. He pro posed \Ir W. J. T. Clarke. It would be a work of supererogation to inquire into that gentle man's qualifications. He was good, both aB to head nnd pocket, and on these grounds he ought to be returned by an overwhelming majority. Mr Younohusdand seconded the nomination. He would not enter into the merits or demerits of the opposing candidates, but he would ttate that with regard to the Bolinda Minining Company, Mr Clarke had only done what any other man placed in the same position would. Mr Clarke's transactions in the matter had been straightfor ward, or he would not have proposed him. Ho hud to apologise for Mr Clarke's absence, which vras unavoidable, and which wa? caused by the writ not being issued until he had left torvn. Mr Clarke would take every opportunity oi address ing the electors previous to the polling. He re minded the electors that Mr Clarke had acquired his land in the open auction mirt, and -not under the present fraudulent system. No other candidates were proposed, and the Rgl-irning Officer called upon the gentlemen no minated to address the electors. Dr Embuno said that as one of the middle clnas— one of the small fry of landed proprietors — he naturally felt nervous upon entering into a contest with a man who was backed up with so enormous an amount of wealth as Mr Clarke was. He had not hesitated about offering himself, however, after seeing Mr Clarke's address in the papers. He was the first candidate in the field, but had Mr Clarko's address shown him to have been a fit and proper person, he would have felt great pleasure in proposing Mr Clarke himself. Sir Clarke had never given the electors a candid statement of political opinions, so that it appeared cither as if he had none, or they were such as he did not ven'ure to disclose. Mr Clark9 claimed their support because of his possessing property in ull parts of the colony, but he claimed the same because his interests were bound up with the province itself. (Hear, hear.) Ho was not unknown to public life, and his prin ciples had been fully tested. In the Lower Hsuse he had been accustomed to mingle in Ls gislative strife, aud he acquired there that know ledge of practical legislation' which it was of paramount importance a member of the Council should possess. Ho had always been of opinion that a training of dm nature was required, and that the Upper House, where the work of legislation was perfected, should be composed of men who htid obtained exparience in the Lower Chamber. Another claim he had upon the province was, that ho did not belong to that enormously rici and powerful class who, it was said, were the bone and sinew of the colony. He was a friend of the squatters, and when they were most unpo pular in the Lower House he had always de m nded for them a fair hearing and a fair decision upon the merits of their ease. Ha gave them, credit for d:-ins much for the colony, and still more for themselves ; but it was not advisable that one of that class should be returned at the present juncture. At present the Upper Hoiuo was a comfortable, snug, close borough, under the control of the wealthy olass of the colony. He had a great regard for the property qualification, but he denied that , representation should be confined to the wealthy, and that the Council should consist -wholly of gentlemen. belonging to the squatting '.interejt and the two great interests which were bound up with it. He had eat in the Legislative Assembly until ten o'clock in the morning, considering measures which had been rejected by the Council, because they trenched upon the intorests of the squatters. Their influence was indeed predominating. Men tion had been made of tho Provident Institute, and he asked them whether, if Mr Hainea had been allowed to establish a National bank of issue and deposit, such an institution as that would ever have sprung into existence, to absorb a quarter of a million pounds aterling of the savings of the people ? It was all important at this particular crisis for the electors of the South Province to make a careful choice. The colony was looking to them to see whether they would prefer onu of themselves — a man living amongst them, possessed of land worth some £50C0 — or Mr Clarke, who professed the interests of the colony to be his own. The constitution of the Upper House had boen tested, and he believed it needed reform. Dead-locks had occurred, because, on certain ques tions, an actual majority of both Houses vras required. It would be quite sufficient, he contended, if an actual majority of the Lower House was required, and only a simple majority of the Council. There was the question of ijtate aid, for instance. The bill providing for its aboli tion was three times rejected by the Council, because, as it involved an amendment of the Con stitution Act, an absolute majority of the Council was required. Members for various reasons might not like to vote upon the measure, and all that they had to do was to Btop away, and it was loBt. Another change was required in re ference to the enormous Bize of the pro vinces The time had come when they should be subdivided, and when tho number of members should be increased. By this means the eificiency of the Council would be increased, for though it might be very well with thirty members, it would be still more perfect with forty-five. Mr Clarke, in his address, said that everything was settled now beyond the region of controversy, excepting the District Councils Bill. They all agreed that thiB bill was needed — that the present system of centralisation should cease, and bo it would. They would have the District Councils Bill, but the Land Bill was not finally settled yet. (Hear, hear.) However good the measure might have been last year, the circumstances of the colony had changed, and an alteration would Boon have to be made. Look at the position of the squattsrs at the pre sent time. Mr Duffy, who appeared to be most anxious to carry the provisions of the measure fairly out, said that the squatters had 31,0(10,000 of acres, and that thero ware 7, 000,000 other acres to be subdivided into smaller runs, to cany not more than 5000 sheep, or 1250 head of cattle, each. In this lay what was wanted for the wel fare of the colony. If there were 4000 or 5000 squatters, instead of 1200, the whole colony would be benefited ; and this was the change he believed the colony would Bonn require. Another question was State aid to religion. He had never heard a single argument in favor ei -State aid,, nor had he ever been shown a passage in Scripture enjoining it. Had State aid been good in itself, he would have supported it with out such authority, but it had only produced dis cord among the sects. If aid was given to a few sects, it was dishonest, and if it was given to all, it was still more dishonest, for no opinion at all was endorsed. There was a great deal wanted to be done to tho roads and bridges of the colony, but there wa3 no money for the purpose, and at the same time £40,000 or £50,000 was being given away every year to the clergy, and the money was dcing them more harm than good. Mr O'ShanasBy naid the Roman Catholics did not want the aid, the Bishop said the Episcopalians did not, and tho WeB leyuns did not, because they could always get money. How much good, however, would the money have done if roads had been made with it, and access had been yiven to markets. Gipps land, it was said, was the cream of the colony, but was closed for want of roads. Supposing the sum set apart for State-aid to religion had been appropriated to opening up communication with this district for six years, tho case would have been very different. Again, it might be advantageously applied to intro duce new industries ; a premium of £2000 might be offered for each industry established here. There was the cultivation of Bugar, of rice, and of tho Chinese tea tree, waiting to bo commenced. Two of the medals awarded the colony at the London Exhibition were for Angora wool, the product of the goats imported here, and as the wool was worth from 3s to 5a Gd per lb, it would not be a bad thing foi colonial farmers to run them instead of sheep, and thus to have a second Btring to their bow. Gipps Land, he believed, intended to take all the Angora goats which had been introduced, and also the whole of the alpacas. Another thing he desired to mention was the new Schools Act. It was quite a mistake to suppose that the measuro was beyond tho region of con troversy. They knew that a sore place had been touched upon already. One-sixth of the people were not represented upon the Educational Board. Beoauae some of the sects refused to receive State aid, the carry ingout of the Act was taken away from them and given to secis which were now receiving £50,000 per annum from thu State besides endow ment's of land. These things would have to be examined iuto. Mr Clarke never made such a mistake in his life as when he supposed all these political questions were settled. The ghosts of the bills would haunt the Legislature for years until they became improved in form and fit for treatment as material measures. If he were re turned he would do the best he could for the pro vince, and he could assure them that he would present a clear qualification, beyond the require ments of the Act. The colony waB looking to see whether the large interests of Mr Clarke were to absorb all other considerations. The struggle was a vital one, and if the electors were faithful to themselves and the colony at large, they would warmly support him and carry him in triumph antly. Mr O'Neill said Mr Clarko was not present to tell the electors what his opinions were, but in deed there was no necessity, for they all know them. He regretted that Dr limbling should have supposed lie had imputed a want of qualifi cation to him, as what he had alluded to was the rumor prevalent regarding persons already in tho House. With regard to the £50,000 per annum, State-aid to Religion, he did not believe Mr Clarke wanted to take tho olergymen's money away from them. His opinion was, that it should be distributed upon a wider basiB, the more densely populated places being left to their own resources. Still, State-aid had been a good thing. It had kept re ligion in the land, and without it they would have been an irreligious community. (No, no.) Well, he was in the colony before most of them, and he ceuld recollect the people working ou the roads and on the farms on Sundays, if they could not. However, he could not state Mr Clarke's opinions to them, and all that he could do was to impress upon them again that Mr Clarke was the right man. A show of hands was then takon. Ten persons voted for Embling, and fifteen for Clarke. The bulk of thoBe present took no part in tho vote. The Rbtuhnino Ofvioeii declared tho show of hands to be in favor of Mr Clarke. Dr Ejiiilino demanded a poll, which was ap pointed to take place upon the 29th inst. A vote of thanks was passed to the Returning Officer, and the proceedings then terminated. Minino Accident. — At Brittingham's Reef, near Newstead, a man was yesterday very seri ously crushed while enduavoring to remove or loosen a largo stone, weighing about a ton. It appears he had been working at it for some timo, when something distracted his attention from it, and while looking another way the stone unex pectedly came down, and jammed him against a bank. A cry from him soon brought his mates to his assistance. They found him conscious, but strange to say, quite blind. He, however, re covered hiB Bight ufcer a few minutes. He wus at once taken to his tent, wherr) ho lay utterly prostrated for five or six hours, during whioh time Dr Smith, who was very soon in attendance, con tinued with him, administering stimulants and soothing applications. He rallied befcre the doctor left him, and has since given strong hopes of recovery. — Castlcmainc Advertiter, 18th September. Esoavrd Piusoneh. — Tho police authorities were informed by a telegram yesterday, that Alex ander Kearney, alias Wm. Creighan, one of tho prisoners arrested by Bcnior constable Buck, on suspicion of having been connected with the Lachlan escort robbery, had escaped early that morning from, the Kilmore gaol by cutting a hole in the wall, and letting himself do wu outside with the aid of two blankets, one tied to the othar. — DayUtfori Exjirtu, 17th August. 