SIriflcs flf Wilt ai& Rumour, Why is a wise man like a pin ? — Because be has got a head and comes to the point. The man wlio ' challenged contradiction' got into an awful fight, and was severely bitten. Sophia's lover saya Bheis above all price, yet he expects some one to give her away soon. He who can find nobody that will credit a word he says, may fairly boast that he has no creditors. A confirmed young thief is convinced tliat ' prison : isn't 'ealthy.' He attributes this to the ' cutting air ' that prevails there. j Some one at a ball in Paris, being asked how he ! was pleased with the French beauties, said, ' I am no Judge of painting' The lay of the nightingale may be very delightful to a well-fed man, but the ' lays ' of a hea are liked better by a hungry one. It is said that in some of the villages of the Far West, it is so healthy that the folks have to shoot a man to start a burying- ground. They don't feel that any hardship. Apropos of the epithet of Pilate, said to have been applied to Napoleon by a French prelate, the satirist Dupin observed .- — 'The Bishop of Poitiers is mis taken. The Emperor does not ' wash his hands ;' he only rubs them!' Somebody has disoovered a candid doctor who, having been asked by a lady why he had sent her tjhree draughts, replied, ' The first, madam, is to warm you ; the second to cool you ; and the third is to prevent the excessive efiects of either.' Sir Robert Feel, speaking of Lord Eldon, remarked that ' even his failings leaned to virtue's side ;' upon which a gentleman observed, that his Lordship's fail ing resembled the leaning tower of Pisa, which, in spite of its inclination, has never yet gone over.' A young child in a respectable family in Wrexham narrowly escaped the consequences ot' poisoning by kissing the nurse's cheek, who was in the habit of painting. — [We fancy the story is coloured, whatever the cheek may have been.] A gentleman was one day arranging music for a yonng lady to whom he was paying his addresses. ' Pray, Miss D.,' said he, ' what time do you pre fer?' ' Oh,' ehe replied carelessly, ' any time will do, but the quicker the better.' Charles II., playing at tennis with a dignified pre bend who had struck the ball well, the former ex claimed, ' Thaf s a good stroke for a Dean.' ' I'll give it the stroke of a Bishop, if your Majesty pleases,' was the suggestive rejoinder. ' Miss Mary Kussell Mitford once created immense merriment at an evening party. On her way she purchased a turban, the shopkeeper having forgotten to remove from it the ticket, bearing the printed in scription, ' Very chaste. Only 53. 6d.' She wore it at the party, label and all. A man. named Stone exclaimed in a tavern, ' T bet five pounds I have the hardest name in the com pany !' ' Done !' said one of the company. ' What is your name ?' ' Stone,' said the first. ' Hand me' the money,' said the other, ' my name is Harder.' One shockingly inclement day a poor woman begged of Charles Lamb, ending her appeal with ' Believe me, sir, I have seen better days.' ' So have I,' said Lamb, handing the poor woman a shil ling, ' so have I ; it's a miserable day ! Good by.' John Hunter, the great teacher of anatomy, in demonstrating the jaw bone, observed that the bone was known to abound in proportion to the want of brains. Some students at the time were talking in stead of attending to the lecture, when Hunter ex claimed, ?' Gentlemen, let us have more intellect and less jaw.' An Englisliman and a party of Irishmen were one day at a public-house, and one of the Irishmen went out and bought some cheeses. When he came back, he said, ' If anybody in the room can guess how many cheeses I have, I will give him the whole five.' ' Five !' says John BulL' ' Oh, bedad, here they are,' said Pat ; ' but how did you manage to guess it the first time ?' ' Do let me have your photograph,' said a dashing belle to a gentleman who had been annoying her with his attentions. The gentleman was delighted, and in a short time the lady received the picture. She gave it to her servant, with the question, *' Would you know the original if he were to call r' The ser vant replied in the affirmative. ' Well, whenever he comes, tell him I am engaged.' Popoiab SlinxEa. — Some ingenious writer has placed the following sayings in poetic order, the opposite in juxtaposition : — As wet es a fish — as dry as a bone ; As live as a bird— as dead as a stone ; As plump as a partridge— as poor as a rat ; As strong as a horse — as weak as a cat ; As hard as a flint — as soft as a mole , As white as a lily — as black as a coal ; Ae plain as a pikestaff — as rough as a bear ; As tight as a drum — as free as the air ; As heavy as lead — as light as a feather ; Ae steady as time — uncertain as weather ; As hot as aii oven— as cold as a frog ; As tray as a lark — as sick bs a dog ; Ae slow as a tortoise — as swift as the wind ; Ae true as the gospel — as false as mankind ; As proud ag a peacock — as blue as a grig ; As thin as a herring — as fat as a pig ; As savage as tigers — as mild as a dove ; As stiff £S a poker — as limp as a glove ; As blind as a bat — as deaf as a post ; As cool as a cucumber —as warm as a toast ; As red us a cherry — as pale as a ghost. NEWMACHINE FOR THE SAVING of LIFE IN CASES OF WRECK — The Melbourne Argus of the 17th inst. says : — "We were favored yesterday with an inspection of a drawing and model of a novel kind of "wreck escape," invented by Mr. W. K. Vail, of 62, Collins-street west. The escape is spe- cially designed for the saving of life in the event of a wreck taking place on a lee shore, and has the par- ticular merit of being cheap, simple in construction, and easily portable on board ship. It differs in principle from Manley's rockets, inasmuch as it is intended to be applied from the ship to the shore, and not from the shore to the ship, and can be worked independent of assistance from the shore. It is constructed entirely of wickerwork, the ribs being of whalebone, and in the form of a boat or cradle, very round and bluff-shaped at the bow, and truncated or square at the stern, which is so modelled that the escape steers itself. The inside is filled with cork and guttapercha air balls, which render the large round forepart of the escape exceedingly buoyant, while the open wickerwork allows the water to wash through, and so very little resistance is of- fered to any rock or hard body against which it would be likely to strike. The elasticity of the whalebone ribs also renders destruction almost im- possible. On the top, over the forepart, is rigged a sort of hood, like the covering of a phaeton, which acts as a sail, - and the peculiar make of which, offer- ing no flat surface to the wind, in conjunction with the peculiar shape of the stern, above alluded to, always keeps the fabric before the wind. Under the stern, along what may be called the keel, is appended a single fluke-anchor, which grapples immediately with beach or any rough surface on which the escape strikes, and also by its weight assists the buoyancy of the forepart in riding over the waves. The method of use is as follows : — As soon as the ship strikes the shore, the escape, which we will suppose to have been got ready with the hood expanded, is thrown overboard, with a strong hawser or rope attached to the anchor ; it immediately rights itself, no matter how thrown overboard, and being at once caught by the wind, is blown before it towards the shore with great rapidity. The moment it reaches land, or as soon as a strain is applied to the rope at- tached, the anchor grapples, and a communication is thus established. A wicker boat, filled with ah' balls and cork, in the same manner as the escape, and kept on board for the purpose, is now instantly rigged on to the hawser by means of three catchblocks, and can easily be hauled ashore with its living freight. Of course the visit can be repeated as often as required. We have supposed, hitherto, that no assistance has been procured from the shore, but the escape is so constructed that, if required, it will carry two men, who, as soon as they reach the shore, can lend assist- ance in hauling the wicker boat, which is to follow them to land ; or, if preferred, the hawser itself can be used as the sole means of transit. The invention has hitherto been tried only in the loughs of Ireland, where it has answered admirably, and Mr. Vail is only anxious that public attention should be drawn to it. If pronounced efficient by naval men, it is scarcely to be supposed that for the future any vessel will leave port without one, and at any rate a trial of the invention should be made. Mr. Vail is anxious that his "escape" should form an object in the Exhibition of All Nations, and there is yet time to construct and send to England a model, should he meet with the necessary encouragement to do eo. POLISH CENSUS. — From the latest returns it ap pears that the kingdom of Poland contains 5,850,000 inhabitants. Of that number, 600,000 are Jews, of whom 511,000 live in towns, and 89,000 in the country districts. Warsaw has 165,000 inhabitants, 45,000 of whom are Jews. At the census of 1846, Poland contained only 213,000 Jews, of whom 144,000 were in large towns and 69,000 in Tillages. As regards the Jewish population, Poland is divided into four categories : 1. Towns in which Jews may reaide without any restriction ; 2. Privileged towns interdicted to Jews ; 3. Those in which they can onlyreside in certain quarters, as at Warsaw ; and 4\. What is called the frontier district, that is to say, 21 verstes (about 13 mileB from the frontier, near afhieh residence is severely interdicted to them, from f he fear that they would engage in smuggling. 