The Advertiser. ADELAIDE: FRIDAY, MAY 30. 1862. PARLIAMENTARY SUMMARY. THURSDAY, MAY 29. In the Legislative Council— <*> The Sale of Poisons Bill was carried through Com-<*> mittee, and reported. The report was adopted, and the third reading of the Bill made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next. The Quakers* Marriage Bill was read a third time, and forwarded to the House of Assembly with the usual message. The Council adjourned at half-past 3, until Tues day, June 3, at 2 o'clock. In the House of Assembly— The Supreme Court Practice Amendment Bui was read a second time, and committed pro forma. The trial by Jury Bill was thrown out on a point of order. The Quakers' Marriage 801 was read a first tame. The Estimates and the Cattle Slaughtering Bill in Committee were postponed unto Tuesday next. The Audit of Acooonte Bui was finally paeaed through Committee. The House then adjourned. liEgibutioh appears to have readied a dead stop, and perhaps (ihe best dung that could next happen would be for the Governor to prorogue Parliament, and thus afford Ministers an oppor tunity of considering what course should be adopted in the present emergency. Or, still better, His Excellency might with great advan tage to the general interests of the community dissolve the present House of Assembly, and thus not only cut the Gordian knot in which legislation is entangled, but at the Bame time afford the inhabitants of the province an oppor tunity of expressing an opinion on those great questions which now agitate the public mind. Whatever may be the course pursued by His Excellency, one thing is quite certain, namely, that the proceedings of Parliament are at pre sent simply ridiculous. It is the farce of legis lation, and nothing more. Day after day im portant public Bills are thrown out upon ques tions of form, and the House of Assembly is as helplessly fettered and manacled as ever was Gulliver in the land of the LUliputa. The only power left to die Assembly is die power of talk; or, if indeed there be action, it is like that of Mr. Pecksniff's hone— action without progress. The marimnm of dignity is the minimum of work : in exact proportion as die privileges of Parlia ment are magnified die business of die country is retarded; in fact, the Assembly is likely to die of dignity; to give up die ghost in conse quence of die exhaustion brought about by its fearful efforts to become immortal. It is no doubt a delicious mode of exit; a death, of ** aromatic pain," and die apotheosis must be glorious. It may be questioned, however, whedierdie Legislature should be any further encouraged in performing die rites of suttee; at all events, die penchant for self-immolation should be restrained until die necessary business of the country is transacted, after which hon. members might offer themselves up as burnt-! offerings to Privilege widiout let or hindrance. We need scarcely inform our readers of die history of due very curious entanglement. The simple fact is, diat a new practice of Parliament has been suddenly and unexpectedly intro duced, and under diis new practice of Par liament a great number of die Bills now "before die Legislature are held to be in formal. Bills that were formerly sent down by die Governor, and which (in accordance with die practice of former sessions) have also been diis Kfqpnrtn introduced in a ?tmil?r pmnnw, are all at once discovered to be of a nature dtat could only be introduced by order of die House, and it is dierefore held diat tiiey must be abandoned, because diey were informally introduced. Had die new practice been decided upon before any progress had been made with die Bill in ques tion* but little inconvenience would have ensued. Hon. members, however, eitiier did not discover die informality until after die measures in ques tion had been considerably advanced, or—! baring discovered it-H&rtuned; from, taisja j Ac objection. Hie result is, that after going tiuoagu tiie most important stage* of If^gisla tion, one Bill after another is pronounced in formal, and consequently the whole of the work of the Beanon in Tespect to those Bills is wasted. Nothing remains bat words, words, words! It has been objected that the Government riionifl have thus introduced so many important j measures in an informal mniitMw t but the truth is the Government have done as all other Governments have done. Ministers have simply followed precedent, and have acted in accordance with the usage of their predecessors. Bat we are now told that there are other precedents, and other usages, and that oar precedents are bad, and our usages unparliamentary. The Govern ment are (hii? made victims to a new discovery, and all we regret is that this discovery was not made a little sooner. It is, however, important to notice that the point of order which has thus proved fetal to so many of the Ministerial measures has not yet been itself formally discussed. Mr. Kingston has given a notice of motion raising the whole question, but the question has been settled over and over again by the ruling of the Speaker, whilst yet the motion of Mr. Kingston is undis cussed. This is most unfortunate; the Assembly having, in fact, committed itself beforehand to Mir. Kingston's motion by acquiescing in the Speaker's ruling with reference to a question yet pending, and which has not, down to the present moment, been made the subject of formal oonoiflCT^jmi. It is quite within the bounds of possibility to suppose that Mr. Kingston's motion maybenegatived,andinthatcaseitwillthenfollow fjmt; in ij|g opinion of Parliament the Speaker'B ruling has been wrong—albeit that ruling has been acquiesced in by the House, and important Bills withdrawn in consequence. The probability is that Mr. Kingston's motion will be carried* but even then it will follow that the Assembly have determined the question first and have dis. cussed it afterwards! But this, though not exactly in accordance with common sense, may be in precise accordance with Parliamentary privilege; and such, indeed, we believe is the case. We bomb tike since informed the public of the arrangements made for on ?nwnnl competitive riflp mufrji between Scotland and. Bnglmni, but we find that the information has been to some extent overlooked. "A Subscriber in the South- Eastern District" has addressed to us a com-; munication on the subject, and a correspondent in the North has forwarded a newspaper con taining the letters of Captain Boas and Lord Bury on the same question. It may, therefore, interest many of our volunteer friends, and some who, though not personally volunteers, nevertheless take an interest in the movement, if we briefly re- state the leading particulars of this very exciting international match. The movement appears to have originated with that liberal patron of rifle shooting. Lord Elcho, who has signified his intention of giving a magnifinant and costly shield, to be called "The Elcho Challenge Shield," and to be fired for according to certain rules once in every year between a certain number of riflemen selected on the one side from the rank? of the Scotch Volunteers, and on the other from those of the English. Lord Elcho's eenerous offer having been cordially accepted, Captain Boss, on behalf of the Scotch, and Lord Bury, on behalf of tits Eng lish volunteers, were requested to frame preli minary regulations. This task they promptly performed, and the principal conditions of the match may be thus stated:—The competition to be M?niml t and the match to come off every year in connection with the annual matches of the National Rifle Association. The competitors to be eight Scotch and eight English; the dis tances to be 700,800,900, and 1,000 yards, IS shots at each range, regulation targets, misses— whether high, low, right, or left—to be indi cated by a rea flag shown from the masker's butt. Every year the names of the eight suc cessful champions are to be engraven on the shield, which will be kept in some public place in England or Scotland, according as it may be won by English or Scotch volunteers. All volunteers —whether effective, non- effective, or honorary—will be eligible as champions; and the regulations as to rifles, &c.;, will be the same as those laid down for the all-comera' matrjuntf of the National Association. In addi tion to having their names engraven on the shield, the eight successful champions will each receive a small prise as a personal testimonial, the said prizes to be paid for by the losing aide. Such are the k""K"g features of a match, the bare announcement of which has created vast excitement and an amount of friendly rivalry that it would be difficult to exaggerate. The English volunteers are determined to win, and the Scotch are resolved not to lose, so that the " tug of war" will be something out of the common. Captain Boss has addressed a stirring letter to his " brither Scots," whom he is rousing to the conflict with his accustomed ardour, in voking their enthusiasm for the glory of Scot land, ">fl firing their ambitionto "bring the whirffl back to .Edinburgh," As, however, the English volunteers outnumber the Scotch by six to one, there will, of course, be more to choose from on the part of the English, but as the number is to be restricted to eight men on each Bide, this aggregate preponderance of the English volun teers will not practically affect ihe chances of the match. Had it been a hundred Scotch against a hundred English, the case would have been different. Our South-Eastern correspondent enthusi astically recommends that there should be an " Australian Challenge Shield" for the purpose of encouraging rifle practice, and also in order to induce a generous competition between the volunteer armies of the several Australian colonies. The following is an extract from his letter:— " I would propose that the rales agreed upon on be half of England and Scotland be adhered to as far at applicable, with the following distinguishing cnaracteris taa, viz.:— "L That instead of being Englishmen or Scotchmen, each colony shall elect eight competitors from in rolan teer residents, irrespective of country of birth. "2. That the eight competitors in each colony shall shoot on the same day in their own colony, irrespective of weather. "3. That the umpires in each colony "hall forward a certified copy of theaooringto the Governor within 24 boon after the firing, to be by him attested on behalf of the parbcolar colony; and "4 That tba Governor of Victoria, and the Com mander of the Forces there (to whom the Governors of the other colonies ?hall forward the aooring of those colonies under seal) shall examine the papers so certi fied and attested from each colony, and determine which colony has been victorious." We have thus laid before the public all that we think it needful to advance on this subject. If South Australian volunteers, and the patrons and supporters of rifle Bhooting in this colony' have spirit enough and enterprise enough to give practical effect to the hints now dropped we shall be greatly delighted. 