LETTERS TO THE- EDITOR. THE BENEVOLEIft ASYLUM. SIB,-Although a good deal has already beer said in the case of Dr Bunce v the Benevolent Asy. lum-cum-Boughen, I think you will endorse my opinion, that the way in which that rather impor tant questiun appears to have been shelved was no doubt a very ingenious one, as to the clever shifting of questions, and sundry other subtle sophistries on the part of the committee, but at the same time it was far from giving even the ghost of satisfaction to the public mind, as regards the really guilty party in that quarrel. If I therefore promise to furnish you with such facts as will tend to put the saddle on the right horse, you will then, for the love of justice, not hesitate to afford space to the following. Ernst Ludwig, a German, who has now left the Asylum for some weeks, was an inmate there for six or seven mouths. Whilst there in August last, that is previous to any difference between the com mittee and Dr Bunce having been made public, Ludwig wrote a letter to Mr Soup, Sturt street, of which I give you here a translation: ** Benevolent Asylum, 17th August, 1862. " Dear Mr Soup,-I beg le-ive to commu nicate to you the following in ord;r to give you an idea of the treatment had in this institute; and in doing so, I fray you to believe that my report isneither exaggerated nor magnified through any partiality of mind. From your last visit you wúl remember having noticed at my left hand a poor blind man, struck with palsy (Edgar), of whom I told you that he is very wretched, and requires all the attention of a helpless child, and that indeed any other treatment short ofthat would be cruelty. Kow it is quite horrifying to witness how that unfortunate is treated at the hands of a biped brute dignified with the name man, and placed here as wardsman (Roberts). Said Roberts, who under the hypocritical mask, of piety would frequently indulge in propounding reli gious doctrines to the patients, was this morning asked by Edgar to have his (Edgar's) bed deaned. Roberts thereupon broke into a wolf-like rage, whipped Edgar's face with "tbe wet dirty rag-used in cleansing tbe bed-gave bim several blows with the fist in the face, chest, and ander the chin, and altogether treated him as I doubt much whether he would dare to do to a criminal prisoner. Ton will also perhaps remember that I told you of a young man wno died bore? Well, the night before be asked Roberts to arrange the bed for him. . Roberts, without making any answer, but with the most violent gestures, snatched the clothes from the bed, and threw them near the fire place, after which kind performsnce be went to church, and having returned with the sereneness of religion settled apon bis countenance, and after several successful feats of turning up his eyes, be J again set to talking religion. Such is the state of j this house. I *EBSST LUDWIG." (Letter to Dr Bonce.) " Ballarat, October, 1862, " Although knowing that wordy thanks are but a poor return for such kind and effective treatment as yon bestowed on me, I feet nevertheless sure that a heart like yours folly appreciates even mere thanks, coming as they are from the bottom of my heart" Whilst six months ago I could with difficulty move on cratches, I can now-thanks to your treatment, -easily enough move about with the assistance of a rftick. Believe me that I wa« truly eorry to hear that yon are no more to -visit the Asylum, which, by the way, was .tbe canse of my leaving before being quite recovered. In disagreeable contrast toyota? uniform kindness to all tbe j without difference, stands the wretched treatment at the bands of the master and wardsman of that house; and what I marvel at is, that whilst the committee knew to dispense with your valuable services, not a word of pUunels paid to tboMtwo men, If proceeding* nob M I bare witnessed there are according to English cnstoni, 1 most certainly pronounce the whole systema rotter one, which is ante ere Jong té" tmnbte'tO 'Jpsecei, That under your nanda I have'greatly improved, 1 t^testífy, as well armany others. - : * "I remain, «r, ito. . \- "BsasBr LUDWIG.*' At the time Ludwig requested me to have thc foregoing two letters translated and published, wt had the following conversation:* iTgielf.-How is it that no complaints are made by any of those ill-treated patients to any of the committee or hon. surgeons ? Ludwig-I don't remember having seen any of the committee bat Mr "Lewis, who comes regularly enough, gota round, and asks the patients how they are ; but he never has in my hearing made any direct inquiry whether they have any thing to say against the conduct of the master or wardsmao, which, even if he did, .would be very little to the purpose, seeing that that humane Mr Boughen is always present with «very visitor and posted like fate itself opposite the ques tioned party, staring and frightening away any con fession trembling on the lips of the poor and help less; and as to fate personal appearance on such ? occasions, why the man is so polite aud friendly, so altogether suasire and oily that I can well imagine how an unsuspecting visitor leaves the asylum satis - fled that all its inmates are well cared for. Myulf.-You are now talking about Mr Boughen, what about him? Ludwig -Well, they are all of a set there, and it is my opinion that any one not belonging to their clique, and being in the paid service of the asylum, has about as much chance of feeling himself com fortable there as a pigeon might among hawks. Touching benign Mr Bonghen, Fll relate to you something which will enlighten you about his line of conduct. About t"n weeks ago a man named Leeson, suffering from consumption, complained to Egberts, who had brought him a bowl of something, that be could not eat it, that the food was too bad, and requested him to call the master. This Bobette flatly reins ed, and .frith great violence of maturer told Leeson that he must take it, and at last exasperated poor Leeson to such a pitch that he threw the contents of the bowl in Roberts' face. Roberts thereupon caught hold of Leeson bj the legB and dragged him out of his bed, when he with a jerk threw his emaciated body on the floor ; having him in that convenient position, Roberts Btruck him most cowardly, and Leeson cried out "Murder!'* That brought Mr Boughen into the room, and what do you think hg did ? Why, with a hellUh serve-you right smile on his face he contented himself with removing Roberts from off his victim and put Leeson into bed again. Myself.-What you say is rather grave ; don't you think that, carried away by sympathy for your co sufferers, yon have drawn a little upon your imagi nation? Ludvig.-Not in the least; those axe only some of many instances. I can swear to the truth of what I have said, and so can scores of others in the asylum, if you can only assure them that they would have nothing to fear -from the revenge of Boughen and Roberts, upon whom they are entirely dependent for the most trifling service. When I left the master requested me to sign my name in a book. I knew it was to testify my entire satisfaction with the treatment ex perienced there. I feigned not to understand what it was for, so the master brought the German baker who happened to be there in order to explain. Well, I then refused openly, as I would not put my name to a lie. So nt all events tbe ma°ter has not my sig nature, in spite of his bullying and threats. This, sir, is the communication as I have got it from Ludwig, who says it is all true, and who de clares himself willing to be examined. Should the committee of the Benevolent Asylum deem this sufficient matter which would warranta most search ing enquiry, my informant lives at the White Horse Hotel, Plank road, and should it turn out that Lud wig has only propagated falsehoods, then would I be a most willing witness to see bim prosecuted and punished. I enclose copies of the two letters in Ludwig's own handwriting. .B. Ballarat, 20th December. 