LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY.; ,1 Tuesday, .21afc January. . The Speaker; took : the chair at half-past four o'clock. assext to. bilt,3. - The Clerk of tub Legislative Couxcil, n the absence of Col. Farquharson through illneBB, communicatotl a message to the Speaker from His Exccl'cnoy, requesting the attendance of members of the Assembly in the Legislative Council Chamber, whilo His Excellency as sented to certain bills. . Tho Speaker and other hon. mombcrs then proceeded to the Legislative Ojunoil Chamber, ami wore absent only a few miuntcs. ' immigration Aoext: Mr. LOADEli gnvo.notico that, on Thurs day noxt, ho would ask the hon. the Commis-: sioner of Trade and Customs to lay on the table of the House a copy of the correspondence batwoen his oflioe and tho lnbi Immigration Agent upon tho subject of that officers re moval from office. Mr. LOADER also gnvo notica ,thaf, on Tuesday next, ho would ask the hon. the. Com missioner of Trade and Customs' whether the Government intended to grant compensation, as promised, to the late Immigration Agent on being removed from his office "on so short. a notice, after thirty years service.- mr.pyke. Mr. SINCLAIR gave not ice. that, on Wed nesday next, ho would ask: the hon. the Treasurer whether the hon. memhor for Cnstlc- mainc (Mr.Pyke) had ulrcady received through tlio Treasury nny portion1 of th6 L450 brought down by. ths Treasurer on the supplementary ostimutcs for 1861. COURTS OF PETIT SE33IOX3. Mr. W. C. SMITH gave notice tlmt, . on. Wednesday next, ho would ask tho lion, tho' Attorney- General if ho would furnish a return showing tho number of cases that has been brought belore . each of tho courts of potty sessions during dho year 186 L. ILLEGAL SALE OF A QUARTZ CLAIM. . Mr.HENOVAN gavo notice tliut,"on Thurs day next, lib would ask the hon. the President of tho Board of Land and Survey if ho was in possession of the facts connected witli tho illegal sale by tho Government, on or about tiio end of the year 1869, of a pertion of a quartz claim of George Wihnor and Co., situate 1 on Monument Hill Reef, Sandhurst; and .if soj whetbor he would stato wlint steps tho Govern ment intend to tako to compensate the owners of said claim. mint. Mr. SERVICE presented a petition from Tallentine Hellicnr praying that tho ITouse would not consent to address Hor M-»j isty, asking Her Majesty to sanction the lVMvy burden that woukl bo imposed on tho inhabi tants of tho colony by tho establishment of a mint. river axi> itabbour trust. Mr. LOADER gave notice that, on Thurs day next, ho would move — That, iu the opinion of the Hoaso it<is dc oirable to estublish a Rverand Maroonr Truss in this city; that certain revenues lo p.-vitl over to such Trust to bear the expenies on rivers and harbours, aud that a bill bo brought in fur tho purpose. squattixo return's. , Mr. ORKNEY asked tho hon. tho Com missioner of Crown Lands and Survey if ho will place on tho table of tho Houso, within a' week, a return giving tho names of tlio holders of pastoral liconces within tho coloiiy of Victoria; the name and area of eioh run; where situated ; the kind and quantity.of stock depasturing thereon ; and the several nnvhmts of assessment nnd licence foes received Here from: such return tj givo these parlicuhrs in each year commencing from 185L up to 1 he present year. Also a map to accornp my tiio above return,; showing the boundaries of each run, with tlie natural waor supply, and tho Bituation, extent, ntid value of improvements made by tho Crown tenant ? Mr. HUFFY stated tlmt it was not "in his power to give spmo of the information asked for. Tiio list numbjr of V io Gazette contained tho names of all the holders o! pastoral licences, and the na nos of tho rum. The exact area of every run could nob Ix accurately obtained. As to tho stock on the runs, tho Gazette contnimd a svyoru return by tho pastoral tenants. As to tho mip asked | for, there' was a map of the kind prepared about two years ago ; but it had never been | issued, because tho boundaries and dri3.n coidd ( only be approximately laid down." The de- partment on that account thought it would bo unwise to issuo tho map, as it would be taken as authoritative, whilo it was not exactly correct. If tlio Houso, howovor, desired tlio. map. for. what it was worth, ho would havo no objections to produce it. It was his intention on the second reading of tho Land Bill to lay on tlio tablo a map giving tho amplest inrormiti m on ovory point tlmt could be obtained. That map would show tho ten millions of acres reserved for sale for agricul tural purposes, and tho twenty-flvo millions proposed to b? occupied for pastoral purposes. Mr. ORKNEY said ho desired tho informa tion for several years for the purposo of com- paring lliem. ; occupation licences. Mr. DUFFY laid on . the tablo a return relative to occupation liconces as asked for by Mr. Brooke, and promised to lay a similar roturn with respect to runs upon tho tablo next day. ., . . mining companies. Mr. PYKE 'gave notice tliat, noxt day, lie would ask tlie hon. the Minister of Justice for a return us, to mining companies.. . , maintenance of railways. . Mr. SINCLAIR asked the honourable tho Commissioner of Riilways whether it was tho intention of tho Government to let by public competition the maintenance of such of the Victorian railways as had boon completed and taken out of the hands of the contractors. . Mr. JOHNSTON" stated that it was not the intention of the Government to let the main- tennnoo of the permanent way. Tho system had brcii ; tried ut Gisborno and found to bo insufficient, and was t herefore abandoned. 1 post office. Mr.M'LELLAN gavo noti.-o that, next day, he would ask the hon. tho Postmaster- General n question with regard to tho establishment of a post office near Ararat. tub slvetlana. Mr. LOADER stated that it was commonly reported in the city tliat the -Russian frigate Swotlunu was pormitted to arrive in tlio Bay without being saluted -from tho batteries. He understood the captain sent ashore to ask whether lie should (Ire a salute, and he wus informed, in reply, that if he did so tho battel ies were not in a position to return the salute from want of ammunition. He wished to a«k if such wai the fact ? Mr. O'SHANASSY suggested to the. hon. member to postpono his question till next day in ordor that inquiries might be made. Mr. LOADER accordingly consented to postpone the notice. corporations act. BENNET gave notici that tho next day lie move that tho Melbourne and Goelong CurpT1'009 Act Amendment Bill bo , referred to a st-W.1 committee. GOLD?!?103 act» Mr. PYKE gave noticJ on the 28th inst, lie would ask the Minbdei Oi Justice if it was the intention- of tho. Government to introduce a measure for the reform of the pre sent imperfect and insufficient GoldfielcU-Act. i . squatting returns. ; ;Mr. DON gave notice that on Tuesday next he would ask the Hon." the President of Lanas and Survey l.o day on the table a return, show ing tho, number of pastoral tenants of. tho .Crown, and tho number and approximate size of the runs in tlie possession of each. bridge over the babwon. Mr. M'OA- NNgave notice that on Thursday next ho would move that on Tuesday, tho 4th of February, the Houso resolve itself into a committee of tlie whole to considor an address, to His Excellency the Governor, praying that a sum. of L 1900 bo placed on the additional .estimates for the erection of a bridge over tho Burwon, near Ceres. militia bill. I ! Mr. LOADER gave not be that next day he wuuld udc if it was the intention of the Govern ment to bring in a militia bill this session. post-office hours. Mr. DON gavo notico that noxt day lie would aik the lion, (he Postmaster-General when tho unu»gement for shortening tho hours. of attendance in the mail branch of the Post-office would bo brought into operation. Dr. EVAN8 stated that such a proposal was never taken into consideration by him; but some person, thinking tliat such an alteration might bo desiruble, had most ingeniously ob tained the insertion of a paragruph on tho sub ject" into the papers. parliamentary registration. Mr. O'rfHANASSY moved — For leave to bring in a bill to sttspond the ope ration of certain onnctuicuts relating to registra tion of Parliamentary doctors, aud for other purposes. In doing so lio said that the registration having been tuken lait year it was unnecessary at tho \- present time to again incur the expense. The expense would agmunt to about L58,000, and .the Houso having twice pronounced an opinion tlmt tlio registrition should, not be renewed this year, he was only carrying out the inten . tion3 of the House in tliis matter. . Mr. NICHOLSON seconded the motion. Mr. DON did not mean to oppose the motion, but ho wished to express a hope that ho i., members would narrowly watch tho . course a certain party were pursuing with respect to the representation of the people. That party knew that if manhood suffrage were allowed to continue they must become extinct, nud nil . their", acts . therefore were, directe I to an alteration of the present electoral system. The motion was then agreed to, and the bill wiis brought in, read a first. time, ordered to be printed, and vend a second time on Tuesday next. civil service. Tho House then went into committee to consider a resolution relative .. to the oivil service. Mr. CV3HANA33Y mov'ed— 'Miat m ortler to c irry out the pu-posos of tlio hill.'tb rcg'ihiic the civil service, an appropria tion be mndo out ol tho consolidated icvcnue to p oVidu uintu ties-and allowance to such fiicers of tho civil t-crvi.e-as may becoaio entitled thereto by In w. , The motion whs seconded and ' agreed - to, and tho CHAIRMAN reported it to the House. ' N . The consid 'ration of the resolution by the Houss wus made nn order for. next day. ways and means. On the question being put that tlio Spciker leave the ui.uir, in order thut the House go into Commit fro of Ways and Means, . Mr. YE11DON rose, nnd Baid that ho thought it would bo convenient that ho should olfertiie observations ho had to mako- relative to tho Estimates, before tho 'Speaker loft tho chair.- " lie considered it highly improper to oife. i\ fretious opposition to the Government on questions "of finance, and therefore ho wished it ta be understood that lie did not mean on tl»o, prcsont occasion to offer a factious oppo sition to t ho Government. But, while that was his opinion, he considered that if there was anything in tho Budget which to him up- poired to bo inexpedient or dangerous, it was his duty to point it .out, : The hon. member then vea-l the resolution moved by Mr. O'Shanassy, .which resulUd in tho IIealo3 Ministry being ejected from office, and which desoribed tlie Estimutcs of tho Hoales Ministry as unreliable and unsatisfactory. Ho then culled attention to the remarkable correctness of Jdf estimate of the deficiency that would havo to bo carried forward to 1832. His esti mate wns that the deficiency would amount to L12J1.481., and tho lion/ member for Portland male the deficiency a little ' more than L120,0D0. Now, that being the case, he asie'rl it ' the: resolution ' of- the 1 hori. member for Ivilmoro was justified ; by:, the rosult.. : But , not only did tho hon. member distrust tho cilculation3 of tlio past, , but a?30 thpAloiUaiions. of tho future. Thoy t said tbc csdmitojs wore' so unreliable that the IIoiuu s lould not even consider thorn. Now, : m 0 iroful analysis of the estimatos wmoh li i himself submitted, and those sub- j .muted -by tlio uoii. mambor for Portland, nnd , . he wou'd road the figures ai thoy stood side by side, and'leive hon. members to judge between him and tho hop. member for Port? land. .The degree to which thay assimilated ; Pove, eitlin that lie was correct, or that l: being incorrect, th3 Uon.'-raombn for Portland , lmdndoptod his iacorroct estimates. Tho hon, member thou proceeded to compare the esti- mate! m ide by him whan in office with thorn proposed by tho present Treasurer. The sum estimated by him (Mr. Yerdon) as derivable in 18G2 from tho duty on spirits, was L588.000. Tho prose »t Treasurer estimated it L578,lu0. The amount estimated by liini (Mr. Yerdon) from wino for the samo year wqs L40,000; tlio prcsont Treasurer's estimate was L40,000. From boor his esli- nato was Ij38,000 ; tho hon. member for Por land's estimate was L50,OOD, but he (Mr. Yerdon) did not believo he would realise L50, 000, for recently thero liad been a largo production of beer in this colony, which had aud was likely to affect the amount derived from customs. Tobacco and snuff ho (Ml'r Ycnl'n) cHlmnted as likely to produce L 137,000 ; till! liuil. 'mamtJCr for Portlands 03tiniito was L135,00D. His (Mr. Verou?.?, , oitinuito for ci.urs was L22,000 ; Mr. Iliinos's was L24.500. His (\Ir. Yordon's) Citinmto fortes wus 1,120,000; Mr. Huincs's wns 1,110,000. From aiig u- and inolusses ho (Mr. Verd m) expected to reccivo H01, 000 ; 'Mr.'Htiines's rsrimnto .was L115,000. From coffee lie (Mr. Verdon) expected to rcoeivo lill,000 ; Air. Jlniiics's estimate wns 1,14,000. Opium lie (Mr. Yt-rdon) cstimntod at L11,000, so did Mr. Haines. Other duties, etc., lie (iMr.; Verdon) lind estimated would yield 1,150,000, while Air. Haines's estimate was 1,133,000. Tho difference between tlie total of tlio item's estimated by Air. Haines and tlioso estimated by 'himself was tlie difference betwoen LI, 077, 050— Mr. Haines', estimate— and LI, 072, Q00, -frl'is own -. Estimate — leaving a differencoi only- -iofV L5650. Tlie uext'eomparis en ho"should mn'kd'woiild be under tlio head of excise.' Mr. Haines' cstimato of prebable receipts from Bpirits distilled in Victoria wns LIO.OOO ; so wns ilis (Air. Ver- don's). For publican's licences, L60.000 ; while it's (Air. Yerdon's) was L70,000. For spirit "merchants' licences, L13,000 ; while his ' (.Mr. Vordon's) was L14.009. For auctioneers' licences, L3000 ; while his (Mr. Yerdou'a) was :L'1000. For brewers' licences, L1200 ; whilo liis (Air. Yerdon's) was tlio- same. From all other licences, L12.090 ; while his (Mr. Vor don's) cstimato was tlio same. Tlie total amount of Air. Hainos' cstimato under (his head, L99.200 ; while liis (Air. Arerdon's) wns 1,101,200 —so tliat it would be seen that tlio dif- fcrcnco.wns scarcely apparent. Ho now came to tlie territorial rerenuo. Air. Haines's estimate of tho proceeds of tlie sales of Crown Lands was L19J, while ho (Air. Verdon) estimated it at only L100,000. For pastoral occupation Air. Haiti s's estiuiato was L330.000, whilo his (Mr. -Vordon's cslim-do was L335,000. Tho oxport duty on gold Air. Haines expected to bo L205,755, and rcducing'liis (Air. Yerdon's) esti mate lo' tlie same standard in conscquoncc of the reduction made, it would bo 1,211,192. For miners' right Mr. Haines's estimate was L45,000, whilo liis (Mr. Verd-jn's) estimate was L3G,000. From business licences Air. Ifdines expected 1,2,003, nnd that wso: iiis (Mr.' Yerdon's) estimates. From: leases of auriferous lands, Mr. Haines expected L12,500, nnd.so did liq (Mr. Verdon). The total of. tho item,, as estimated by Air. Hniiies, was LI, 107, 225, wliilfc liis (Mr. Yerdon's) was Ll, 018,692. Tiie income from publio works Air. Hainos estimated at J/453,500, liis (Mr. Yerdon's) cstimato being L'167,500, being a difference of L14.000. For ports, nnd harbours, Air. Haines' estimate was L16,ltY>; liis (Air. Yerdon's) cstimato wus L15.000, For postages, Air. Haines' estimate' was 120,000, nnd so wns liis under tlio head of fees, Air. Haines' estimate was 1,55,000, and his (Air, Verdon's) was 153,000, making n difference of only L2000. For .fines ; and forfeitures both their ostimates wero the , same. Under miscellaneous the on.'y difference between them was L1100. Tlio total difference be tween liis and Air. Ha.jnes' es'imato was L82,413, his (Mr. Vordon's) being less by tliat amnimt than tlio lion, member for Port land's, but lie having estimated the suleof land 'at 1)00,000 more than lie (Air. Verdon) did, tlio 'difference betwo.-n these sums was tlio 'net difference botweon them, which was only L7587 on n revonuo amounting to iho.-o tlinu three railli <ns of money. Yet notwithstanding this it was said the resolution on which the lato AlinLtry resigned was justi2,blo, but ho thought lie had proved now that what ho saiJ then was correct, tlmt- tlioy were not turned, out on tlio morits or demerits of their financial solicme, (Hear, from Air. Francis.) ' And ho was glad to hear tlie' lion, member for Richmond cheer I hat sentiment. (A laugh.) AVeil, having disposed of tho estimates of rerenuo, and having shown tlio correctness of his estimates us compared witli tlioso of Mr. Hniiies, and tliat for 1SG1, tlie estimates turned out within L3,000 odd of liis (Mr. Verdon's) estimuto, he thought it ought to bo a source of gratification to him self and the lion, members witli wluiu lie was associated. (Hear.) Coming to tlio expendi ture, lie found that tiio special appropriations liad boon taken without alteration. Taking the total. expenditure proposed by tlio lion, member for Portland and that proposed by him, iio found tliat there was a difference agiinst tho lion, member of L79.041. Ho found that thero was a large difference in tho item of salaries, which wero increased L36,000 more than was proposed by tiio late Govern ment. Ho thought tlio House should pause before it accepted a budget involving nil ex penditure which ho thought iio had shown before wiis unnecessary. (Hear.) "With tho. deficiency staring tbcm in I Iio face it was pro posed unnecessarily to increase the sa'arics to. tiio civil servants. It had been said tliat this was recommended -by a board of tho hoads of tlie various departments, but ho thought that on the contrary tl.e proposition came from tiie Government, as ho know, tliat the board appointed by tlie late . Government de termined that the salaries then proposed were sufficient. The next increase he found was comprised iu the L70, 000 proposed for immigration. In. tlio present state of things, when they liad an unsettled land law, it was monstrous to encourage a numbrr of peopla to eomo licro to starvo in the country, or to go to New Zealand, or to go homo again ; and Biioli an expenditure was not justifiabla unless the Government could give a guarantee tliat when the people cainc here tlioy would have something to do, and that they had done everything in tlie absence of a good laud law for encouraging colonial trade , und manufactures. Ho was surprised ut the hon. member for Sandri Jgo now tacitly agreeing to this expenditure, when on u former occasion he liad opposed tiie expenditure of . L50.000 for immigration purposes as ho said lie thouglit..it wus too niuch to expend, Tho next item was oducation ; und from this it would appear tlmt the Government did not contemplate any alteration in tlio present law. . Perhaps ic might bs said tliat it was impropor for him to mention tlio subj -ot of education here, but how ever it would seem to iudioate thefeeiing of the Govornmout . on this point. Ho would tukclhouext largo item, — roads and bridges, — from which L50,000 liad beon struck off. Ho saw iio reason for striking off this Bum. ' It was urged in support of it, that by tho com pletion of tho railway they would -bs. able to snvo this sum ; but lie thought tiio general experience led to a different rosult, and tliat as railways wero established smaller roads wove neeassa-y to feed tlio railways; aud lie believed that tho result in tliis colony- would bo the same, n-id thai, it would be found ncccs- enry to expend a lingo sum in order to opon' up communication witli their railways. ;If tho hon. member in submitting tliis budget i had told them that tlie. Government woregaing to submit, a schemo of. local self-government, tliat would hiivo been some reason for diminish, ing-the am-uut for roads and bridges; but he did not hoar tho hon.'- member say anything about it, and ho.tliorafnre concluded tliat tlio amount proposed would bo all tlmt would be ariiilublc. Air. O'SIIANASSY said tlie lion, moinbei must.bs perfectly well awaro that tlio Govern mont- had stated' their intoution to. introduce suo'.i a incisure. Air. YERDON was vory gUd to hear tin lion, member say so. Having shown tho in creases and decreases in tho revonuo and cx penditure, ho now came to a matter ofgroatiuv nortance— |lif (Mviency for 1501 pf L120,000 1 1 did tho lion, tlio Treasurer s-iy abeu that ? He sji-.ltliat he did i any saving during the present year, butLT" ot tlio savings which tad taken plaeo in „ g vious yoars, amounting in one inbt0« L311, 000, lie thought that if the Ci vJ not add much to tlio estimates that sum w n ' be very much reduced, and tlmt in eve of no saving no ombaressment w0!l : bo frit by tlio Government in conamT,! of tho largo cash balanco thoy always hand, which amounted to L800.000 nt the m sent time. After some i explanation from Sfc O Slmnassy and Air. Haines, frnm „i ? nnpeared tlmt tho balance as estimated." LG53.000, the hon. member (AIr.VerTo„\ „ a' ceodcd to arguo that it was not available.' almost every shilling of this was nle,li 7 leaving a balance of L8000, and their gelS flnaiiOeS eixCrfc >y L 120,000. Tho hon, tC Treasurer seemed to take PP notice of advance account, ar.d ho cortiiinlv should - tliat by tho contract with tho banks it necessary to keep the cash balance al,S of tho balanco on tho advance nnJ, , Ho (Mr. Verdon) would admit that S might ' bo a saving on 18G2, bet lie wn 1 1 remind the hon. mombor that if he left himlir with tlio bare balance of L8000, ho would ? doing a most unwise thing. Whoa would the hon. member have to pay the LWftrZ deficiency ? Tho audit account re,2 open two years, and this was n defieiener Z 1861\. If ho kept tho account open bevoml I 18G2 it would cither lrnre to bo snuaX carried to debit. When would tho lion mm b:r bo able to say there was a sivinaT. 1862 J- Not til/ .he end 0f i T nnd if 'that was tho cuso where ... ho to got tho L120.000 from? Would take it from tho cash balance ? That wai d 1 be a most unbusinoss mode of meeting the defi ' cieiicy. Iio know that in ono oaso a W 1 advance had been mode from tho eusli balani-I : for railwoy purposes, but the circumstance a? i this cam were peculiar. L8 10,000 was advance,! i from the cash balanco to onnblo the works ll < bo carried on, but they had security for Hm I it wns a profitable investmbnt of 1,800 003 f« i they had debentures for whnt. they advanced ' which were to bo held until (ho debt was ' extinguished Ainther peculiar proposition i hod beon made by the hon. tho Treasurer tint ' was. the Ichnrgo of tlio Engineer's department upon tho loan account. He had hoard the proposition before, and had dissented from !t as lie found it would bo impossible to «cvcr tie contracting portion of these railwavs from ths maiutninnnce portion of them. il0 thomht this, if carried out, would havo a verv injurious offect upon their credit at home, when it was found that in order to extinguish liabililks that thoy could- not got rid of, tlioy had proposed to adopt such a courso as this! Ue lmd nothing furtlior to say with reference to expenditure. There were ono or two othei points. Tho Government proposed to take 6d off tho export duty on gold. The represen tatives of tho mining districts would not ba satisfied with that. Considering tho agitation that lmd taken placo on the subject the reduction was infinitesimal. He said tlmt they ought not to bo satisfied; as tlioy could havo no pledge from the Government (hat the further reduction in January, 18G3, would bo carried out. Thoy had no gunraiitoo because the mem bers of tho Ministry were individually opposed to taking tlio duty off gold. Tho lion, mem bers should give a reason for this reduction, nnd for their sudden conversion to tliis view of tho matter. Again, tho President of the Bourd of Laud nnd Works expressed n strong opinion with rospoot to giving bounliej iu tho shape of land to pnrticular branclios of industry; but there was nothing stated about it in the Estimates, and the Estimates was tho place to look for anything of that sort. Thero was nothing to lead them to suppose that thero would be any immediate protection given to any brunches of industry, . and how could they expect it as the Government was b free' trado Government. The lion, member then wont through tho items in tho proposed tariff, and said that with regard to tlio duty to bo imposed on rice, it would dccrousc its consumption. As affecting the Chinese, tlio Government hud taken off the residence foe merely to put tho duty on rice. But . tho Chinese wero not tlio largest consumers of rice, and there was no section of their colonial popu lation more ready to ndapt themselves to any kind of food, and thoro was no section of the community that livod more luxnriou'ly. The hon. member in his concluding Remarks spoke of the injustice of turning out the late Aliiiistry on estimates which the present Ministry had adopted in globe. lie osncluded by movin'' tho following amendment Firstly, flm. considering bur financial anting;- meuts with Great Britain, it la in the opinion ol tliis Houso inexpedient that the aececitilned de ficiency of 1.120,01)1) horn last year should remiio uoprovided for. ' Secondly. That tin increase proposed by the Government in the cost of the Civil Service in tho present circumstances of tbo colony is uu- necissary. Thirdly. That the vote for roads and bridges is tbej09t that should havo suffered reduction. l'ouithly. That ia the alterations and addi tions to the tariff, the relief and cncouragemtnt of the ruining and oilier producing interests have not been sufficiently roirardod. Tlio House then adjourned for refreshment. The Houso resuinod at half-past seven o'clock. . . . Air. O'SHANASSY lt'nd no doubt but hon. members opposito had well employed their time since Friday hist in considering the course they intended to purstto with respect to the ostimates and policy submitted by tlio Govern ment. Ho hud no doubt but more was in tended by these resolutions than was shadowed in tho speech, of tlie hon. member for William!- town. (Mr. Veudon : "No.") Well, he wm pleased to . Itoar that No, as it would relieve him very much in dealing with this question. He' tlieu went on to refer' to the estimates of the Hcales Alinistry to show that tho resolu tion in declaring that tho estimates were un reliable was fully borne .'out by the rij suits. As to tlio apparent similarity of the presonl estimates witli tlioso of tho Heoles Administration, tliat circuinstanco was attribut able to the fact of every Treasurer hat ing to go to the heads of tho scvoral departments for an estimate of the income from each, lie would .liko to know how the Iron, member came to find himself in a position to state, as tie did in his second resolution, that tho increase pro posed by the Government in the cost of the civil sorvico in tho present eirouinslancesoftlu colony was unnecessary ? If the estimates for salaries were larger tliun last year, he could have understood sucli a resolution ; but as that w« not tho case lio could not understand it. Ono of the items which showed nn mj orense in tho present estimates, as compared with tlioso of their predecessors, was iti tM matter of salaries to polios mngistrntcs. WMw tlio former administration proposed to reduce tlio numborof magistrates, the present Ministry proposed to increase them. Then, again, ,hu predecessor in offico, Mr. Iloales, most im properly gavo loavo of absence to Judge Barry to visit England in connection with tlie Esn>' bition. But on tho estimates I licro was 33 provision made, for a judgo to occupy nis placo. Now, tlio prcsont Ministry in ,".ie' ostimates had to make such pror"10?' Again, in many districts the duties of clw» of petty sessions wore porformcd by polieoine i and numerous deputations had urged the 3 ' pointmont of propor clerks. The Gororniue . intended to make such appointments whore necessary ; and this was ''another cause ot crease, is to his own department, all ' increase, he had ventured, to make was tot extent of L1759. . Iu tho Treasurer s Dep» ment tho increase was L3000 for pnynMjt -i L579" for military stores, . and L137 W . barrack-master. Ho believed that who" ' items were brought boforo the House would bo justified and assented to. 0( Survey Department there was nn moretv. L5000, but tliat was only the transfer charge from ono department to another, tho Roads and Bridges tlio inoreaso was . L35 ; and in the Publio Works Pepnrim : tlio difference between tho ostimajes of It and tho present Alinistry was L58p. - . Customs, liowover, tliere was o dtiTuron : increase ot L198G.; but that ho had no uon would also bo justified when the voto ' brought bcfijfo the HoUiO. In ' on inc.pme of £ Under the Wo Government &»orWtl officers in those departments L«"f SCIC of great trust, nnd yet they % llfH 0„!l» about two guineas a week. ' nsitl on,1?, t1,.t Wfl9 B rote of rcmuncra. b teUoned by the House? "5 railways, ho found there <k! tnl' d(rrence in favour of the hoii. ,.:H b» » Ho bcliovod the new > 'rl£s Uad been able to suggest oilier off J Tt had been objected to. feiJerablo e?i"g0f F;nimCo had transferred' trtth® «'»» e cngi„eer's department to the tiW -tion. How lus own opinion 'ifihey would hare been justified m (li "if. f,/m the first ; and the people of 11 ""Snot consider they were in any wlaud «"lu , j Ho had shown that ffrJ.udC,Leywnl only L35, 000, nnd he ii'fots1 nhnt way thoso increases bi,!iV''and ho had no doubt when the «' A submitted to the House they rttified. The present Government Mo oV.ee found that there was no iif"".' the heals of departments Fsp V'fUc Under Secretary, for instance, Via P""1, , n i,is salary last yoar, nnd tlio «l' Vtmeiftlnd L50 added. l;1i of n"V .I .it tho Under Secretary s Sor, instead o nnd tho ot|ier heads aV "".'Jis. should hnvo L900; He ! he had shown sufficiently; that W aa ition about increasing tlio civil scr- Wto ho ground.- Ho now enmo to the It on which slated that tho Roads JlSSi department was the lust that 1,1 J i «, suffered reduction. 1 his was lio IS un«e attempt to catch votes that f , w for the fact was there would not K lees spent on tho roads and H? iar tho nrrssnt Ministry than was pro- j' Jllieir predecessors. Then, the first f"?.- » went to say, that considering ' timh relations with Great Bri- r it Vs inexpedient that tho deficiency "("ml 003 should remain unprovided t ir.il iho was at a loss to understand It" lion, member should bring forward a i .1 ' relative to tho credit of the country WnlV«tcd by a deficit created by himself, & t ivero that he nnd his colleagues tl 0 6 rid of what lie' ventured to wl be called the Uealos deficit. Be- Star were afraid of this ghost ever Sn» them in tho face tl.cy were miaous that I'll deficit should be provided for. Hon. ten opposite proposed to meet the 55 not bv endeavouring to l.vo witlun their income but by increasing their income by ft, imposition of additional taxos. Now lie thooeht it n most unwise course, especially at , tie 0r depression, to inoreaso the burdens ot the people in order to meet a temporary dcficiencv which could be easily cleared mr when times revived. Wliat tlio „;eat Government thoreforo proposed to J.1 vs.- to a:t upon tlio economic prmciplo, which in 183 1 p-ohiceil a surplus of LG00.000, tlit had enabled them to carry on up to the prricnt time without a deficit. Tho last rese ll was that in tlio alterations in and nddi- tins to tin tariff tho relief and encouragement of the mining and other producing interests hi not been eufii :ieully regarded. Well, ho most confess that ho could not undors-and what the lion, lncmbo- meant by this, nnd he wioid like to know from him now that lie wns B free, wlict'ier he wns u protectionist or a fro a trader. The lion, member (Mr. O'Slianassy) then compared the tariff submitted by tho present Ministry and tlio one submitted by tho fito Ministry, nnd which had been twice re- jectcl. Tlio existing tariff, he obscrrcd; li id been atlaeked by politicians of almost every hale of opinions, but nonoofthomliadoverbaen able to submit ono moro generally acceptable sad such being tlio case lie was disposed to loot upon it as a model tariff. It was one which was consistent with tho principles of free trade, ill imposing for purposes of rcvonuo Isicion luxuries and articles, by which the burden would bo distributed equitably over tlio whole community, and not press unduly on uy one class ; while it had this further recom- mcmlution, lliat it enabled the revenue to bo colledcd st a small charge. Tlio former Ministry proposed a scheme of ad valorem duties; by which lie believed that if such duties were imposed such injury would be done to the trade of tlio port in the course of e few weeks, that tho Legislature would be celled upon to meet and repeal them. The H hen. member opposite had brought a charge of change of principles against the members of tho present Mini' - try. bow he and his lion, colleagues hid in tlio -Houso and on the hus- B tings over and over again declai e 1 Heir principles, and that llioy wcro free traders ; nnd yet beoauso of tlioso few altera- 'toss in tlio tariff— because of tlio present suncisl civcumstnnccs of tlio colony, it was chirgcd ngninst tlicm that tliey had changed heir principles. If they had adopted a irstem of ad valorem duties, the expenso of collecting tlio rovonuo would have nearly (pilled the nmount that would have been (Stained from this source. Ho then defended lie registration fee as a.form of wharfage rate, wicli was generally approved of by the community, as forming a fund for tlio main- tame of the wharfs. The revenue that would be derived from this sourco would bo applied to tlio improvement and Burvey of tlio harbours tbrouhout the colony. As to tho amount, ho wou|lit, that looking at tho value of money It home nnd liore, if a penny was ohargod ut B '' wos.'lt too mucli to chargo twopence «re. Ho wished to remark, in order to dis- 'K minds of somo gentlemen, that it B ss not meant to clinrgo twopeneo on every- King; but a unit of vuluo would bo fixe 1, M according to that a fee would be charged. toue,lod » t'10 main points of to IS" 'I.on memher next adverted HenJ7 p renua9ioils proposed by the C Government, nnmeiy, the Ss' on lud'w a1 Chinese residence tax, Bthe . . ?n og a chilling an ouneo on Oori!0 . f g<?ld' TI"3 eduction tho wi a, „f ' th»y must not make at once, tra , I P 08 illto"dod to carry , it out oostks of Mn f "H'oneo for tho first six P«c> wnoli i0 riar' and t!lc" t', ot'lor B'x" nlioii, „f cn od- After some obser- Binj , 0 generjl nutaro as to tho financial ntoberoi'iI0J! "J1 H01Cornment, tho lion. eftheGo by stating that tho object du..ho7 ( nmant wnB not to favour ar.y htheo;oA,!5!,P. Uco a ficllcral iroprovoracnt Mr.Snv""8- 5llePcPl0- ' Huidbft Jnirr -mui"tamcd t,mt tll 0U30' , lfi"ing iteelf to accept of these I ' Boul, Utl,a aftce turning out a t niw!niL;,, , mo estimates. Thoostimates ' th«e,ute (5dJT'hoconfendod, worse than ' I furnir Mini f t'10 Previous Miuistry. Tlio ! |ninr U, Proposed to tako taxes off ! ainBlrrw 't"£,ntees?i,y. hut tlio present 8 'inner Minilf ,eaT0 ',0B0 'axes alone. Tho ' the deficit Ki.wx proposed to cxtingiiisli J Btocirrv if „ , Presont Ministry proposed dClt fnt0f18,G3- Ho also complained ! Bcwiller„ , .n, of the salaries of somo of the ' thnwereiA", ie the ealariea of tlio liiglicst ? I IkeunmJ intouclied. ii Brittiout n dirSo"' ' "10n Pu' and negatived ooiiOD?a?3 'hen divided on tho original l:wwi;»5L50l,!- thc cl"li,'' Si I x«« 1$ I H»f 7 " 01r'ng ia the division list , reil.' AnSs Ayes34. lf? CuiSn MfUonaM .he I Daffv Nicholson c' I Evans Orkney fs Uunci, O'Connor „k I ' ftfe'8 ' O'ihanBy i I : Service beted Smith, A. J. ' . Marten " = I"!?' W" "I - .Xerev - Snodg-ass ub " Levi' --1 Tucker . ,-cro " .v.'"'- Wileon ; . . NOES-27.. . . Measrs. Bsrry ' Mesars. Houston Brooko Kjnc Casey Macadam Cnttiie M- Lallan , D ivies,, B.'G.' i '.JilxonM Duviee/J. . ;|r,i; Owens,. l»f/owi Ramsay Enwnrds . . Iliclnr.lson F'lqtt ' Sinclair Frnzer n i ' Sullivan I Gil Ilea . Vcrdon , , Grant. cekes Gray ... - - , . IV right . Healcs : . Tho announcement was received with' cheers from tlio Government Bide. ' 1 >- Tlio Houss then went into conimittoo of Ways and Melius, and Mr. HAINES anid it was his intention to movo the consideration of tlio first t wo resolu tions. . With regard to tlio third resolution referring to registration feo lie did not propose to go into that subject at present, lie would movo therefore — Resolved, that the following duties of Oil, torus ahnll be charged on articles nexi ' hereinafter mentioned : — . a. : d. Rice, the cwt .. ....20 Dri ul fruits and preserves,. do . . 10 0 Slieepwasli tobacco, tliclb ..03' Malt, the bushel .. : 0 6 Hops, the lb ; ,.;!0 2 Ho proposed to amend the second item by leaving out the word ..preserves, as lie. had reason to bclicvo that it would be evaded.' ! Mr. VEUHON iisked if the lion.' hiomb-r' lmd made nnjr . provision -for iticluditig : tlio extract of tob icco in tlio duty fixed oii tobacco for sheepwashing purposes. There ivas a largd" quuntity of tliis impoited ' and used." Mr. HAINES said' it' would- bo '-included under tho liend of slieepwasli tobaicu, hut ho would mako tlio distinction if tlio hon. member thought it necessary. After smn'o conversational disciission, Mr. BERRY move! tho following amend ment : — " That nil tho words in the' resolut ion after thc word 1 that ' bo left out." He argued that savings could be far better made on other items. Ti20,000 Was paid1 to their ships-of- war and military, which miglit he reduced, as: hoTuw no ronson why-tho military should not bo reduced to' tlio sums scale of pay as in Canada nnd Cope of Good Hope. Mr. BI'CANN voted for tlie ninondmont of the lion, member, for CoUingwood,.as.hc ob served that tho ranj irity of the urli ilei on which it was proposed to impose these duties could not be produced in tlio colony. He thought tliey should' not 6'u tb'o principle of protection to nutivo industry, and impose tlio duty on articles which could bo produced in tlio colony. Mr. VERB ON regretted that lie should liavo' to vote' against thc amendment of thc hon. member for Collingivood, but, otherwise, lie would not bo acting with consistency. How ever, ho felt greut plcesuro in voting ngnmst tho amendmont, siuco tho boil, inomber, Mr. M'Cuini, voted for if, as that hon. inomber must be .taught on this aide of the house if not on the other side that ins views should be regulated by those of his party, and that ho should not be coming forward moving amendments at impropor times. Mr. LOADER could not sea why the ro'o- lution of tlio Treasurer should not meet tlio views of the hon. member for Collingwood, ns it involved a protection policy. Tako tlioartiolo of molt. Suroly this was one of the finest climates in the world for its production. Tho finest .barley could bo grown here,' and malting was simply a quesdon of climate. Therefore tho duty of . Gd a bushel on hops was a direct encouragement to native industry.. .Tlio protectionists" hnd novor had so favourable a protection tariff ns has now before the House, and it was deserv ing, thoreforo, of their encouragement. Mr. VERDON hoped "tlio' lion. Treasurer would withdraw' his amendment for leaving out tlio word " preserve's " in the first rt-solu'ion, us lie thought no difficulty would be found in collecting such a duty. 1- Mr. ERANCIS said ha beliorcd there would b3 a difficulty, as " preserves " would embrace prcserved-fish, fowl, etc. Mr. SERVICE hod no objection to the duty on hops, malt, etc., but be objected to .the trilling duties upsn articles of daily con sumption which would involve their being placed in a banded warehouse, and. would uompcl somo persons to employ ail extra clerk ia pnying duties. Mr.' M'LELLAN said that sixpence o bushel on malt wns no protection at all, as there were only amull portions of tlio country that wore fit for growing barley. Considering that dried fruits nnd rice, etc., wore of continuul consumption by the miner, it was no concession to them to take tlio duty oil' gold nnd put it on these tilings. It was merely taking it out of one pocket and putting it into the other. Mb would advocate the duties bning tukon off and put on uianufacturcdarticles — carriages, whsois, pianos, etc. Mr. JOHNSTON said it wns not intended by tlie Government tlint this should be n pro tection tariff. ' After somo desultory cmivorsnlion, ' Mr. MOLLISON expressed his disinproba- tion of the duty to" bo placed on slieopwnsh tobacco j and lie thought he could the inorc ap propriately rnisotliisobjoction, nslioliad brought a bill before" tlie House to compel tlio npia tiers to cloanse their- ahoep. Slieepwasli lobareo was a medicine — it certainly could not becillo.l a luxury (a laugh)— and tlio only instance they had on record of a. tax being proposed on medicine was during' tlie Frencli war, when Mr. Porcival proposed a tax upon Jesuit's bark. The ordinary description of slieepwasli tobacco ivas not worth mora than 3 lor -Ida lb, and it was out of nil reason that) hey should impose such a tax us that proposed. It was simply vexatious, an 1 would not yield tlio revenue expected. Why should they impose a tux which was unknown in all countries, namely, a tax upon modioiiic. Mr. VERDON inoved" tho addition of tho following words ' 'to tlio item of she ipwjsil tobacco, " and an equivnlont chnrgoon all pre parations of tobacco omployed for sboepwush- mg purposes," which' wus carried. Mr. BERRY withdrew his amendment, and Tlio CHAIRMAN then put tlie Treasurer's resolutions as amended, which was divided uoon with tho following result : — Ayes 37 Noes ,... U ..Majority 2G Tho CHAIRMAN then reportuil progress, and leave wus given to sit ugiin next day. Tho remainder of Iho business being post poned, tho Houso adjourned at 12 o'clock unlit the next day. The Mad English. — Roman models sre a loquacious race, they will not' pose to un artist who docs not encourugo them in full freedom of discourse, and it must bo conceded that tliey talk well and readily. Their conversation is always amusing, often interesting and sug gestive. Tales of brigand life, -ancient legends, and — wlion the door is shut, and tliey think they are not overheard— many odd - stories about tlie authorities too. Tliey can also tell us .much about ourselves that will bo new to ,u'. Antonio informs me that all English are m id j wo have the fires of purgatory always burnixg within us. Don't tlie padre tell him so? I'liii is why we roll about in a tub of wator overy morning to cool our burning yituls.- His hearers know that it is an insult to un Itulim. to wash him. They only wash dead bodies, but it is well known tliat all English are mad Then, Antonio continues, Englishmen kesp horses and dogs as mad us themselves, nnd they ride out dressed in the vory colour of the flames of purgatory, to run screaming and shouting after poor foxes over the Campogr.o, : notwiih- standing thut tlio Holy Father has strictly forbidden that sort of insanity, ond placed Papal gendarmerie purpos.-Iy' to stop it j but who can stop mad men on mad horses ? If tliey wart foxes, ho himself, could eutch them any number for a Paul or two ; but thoy are all mad, and tho dogs — it is we'' known how. they becamo possessed— was not' the Arch-fiend, liim-nlf nnrl n whnln leeion of his enrols 60011 t-0 enter tliem bodily ? — Dickens's J U The 1 ear Somd. ' 