Jg T: SORCERY AMONG. TflE ABORIGINES OE ' AUSTRALIA. We are indebted for the following interesting particular?, with respect to the practices of the Narrinyerri tribes (in;: habiting the, shores of the lakes, on fhe. Loer- a. settler in South Australia :— r « Their whole, community is. influenced- by- disease, makers. This kind of sorcery, by which disease is supposed to h,e prop duced, is called ngadhungi. It is practised; in. the folipwing; manner: — Every adult biackfellow is constantly on the look- out for bones of ducks, swans, or other birds, or, ot tne hsh called ponde, the flesh of which has been eaten by anybody. Ofthese he constructs his charms. All the natives therefore are careM to. burn the bpnes of the animals which they eat, so. as, toi prevent their enemies, from getting h.old, of .them. ; but (n spite of this precaution, such bones are commonly obtained by disease-makers who want, them. When aman has obtained bpne— for instance, the leg bone of a, duck— he supposes that possesses the power of life and death over the man, woman, or ch,iid who ate his, flesh. The bone is prepared by being 9gPjpd.iut0..aometliing like a skewer ; a small round, lump is IfigpUjudeby nii'jting a lit tie fish oil and red ochre into a Pgste, and enclosing into the eye of a Murray cod, and a small pipce qf the flesh of a dead' human body. This lump is stuck pnt" the top qf thg,bpn'e, and a covering tied over it, and is put ipthe'boapm of a corpse in order, that it may derive deadly ' pbfency by. contact Avith corruption. After it has remained time, it is ' considered fit for use, and is put away uqijif; its assistance is required. Should circumstances arise copulated, to excite the; resentment of the disease-maker tp'wards the person who ate the flesh of the. animal; from which , the bone was .taken, he immediately sticks, the bone in the gj-pund near the fire, so that the lump aforesaid may melt away ' gradually, firmly believing that as it dissolves, it will produce disease in thp p!$rson for. whom it is designed, however distant lie may bp. The entire, melting and dropping off the lump is . sunpbs.pd tp cause death. When a person is ill he generally . .. regairds jfia/sicknpss as. the result of the ngadhungi, and tries to d|sppver iyhp is. the disease-maker. When lie thinks he. has dis- cpyered, him,he.puts down a ngadhuni to the fire for the purpose of rqtaiisiting ; tliat is, if lie lias one made of the bpue of an apfmaffom which his supposed enemy has eaten, and if not, he fries, t,o /borrow qne. A short time ago a blackfellow of my acqu|iintance, feeling himself unwell, as he supposed from the efiects.. of sorcery, rubbeel himself over with soot in sign of . ' desperation, aud'then'takiug his weapons, went and fired two wurlpys', and challenged the whole family to which liq supposed tjip'purspn who had bewitched him belonged, although lie $new that the particular person whom lie suspected of being agent was. thirty miles, away. I have seen as as, a ddzeii ngadhungi in a man's basket, and have been fo, Id that one' was for a mail, another for a woman, another for a boy, and so on, mentioning the parties for whom they were intended. I also heard the man who had them say that when he died he should tell his relations to put them all to the fire, so as to be revenged on the people who may have accomplished . his death ; for no native regards death as natural, but always the result of sorcery. Erequently, when the man has got the ngadhungi of another, he will go: to him and say—" I have your ngadhungi what will yougive. me fpr it?" Perhaps the other man wiU; say that. he., has. one, belonging, to, the person who asks him the question, and. in. that case they will make an exchange, and. each, destroy the ngadhungi, If, however, this is not th,e case, ithe inan will endeavour to make a bargain with the person who has the ngadhungi, and obtain it from him by purchase. Sometimes he will, give money, or spears, or,, nets,, as the price of it. " All that a man hath. will, he give for, lus, life." When lie haspbtaineddf.-he destroys, it immediately;. I believe that there are maipy of ; these Narrinyerri, who make it their business to look out for anything in the .shape of ngad hungi ip.,ofder tp.,s,ellr if in the maqneir abovementipne.di ()f coursei, aigffiaf .qlof impostud?,gctlgefi;.b WORSIip QIV TOSJB, D.EAJ>- Thp;Narriuyerri:Ppint out, sqyeral stays an,d:sey,that);theyaye. decpqifed warriors whp.haye gone-, to.. Hea,y.en,(.Wyij?rewaf Theye are Wjungarc, and Nepalle, apd; the, Manchingga, and: seveyMothers, Eyexy natiye expects to. W yirrewave aftey.epth. They also believe fb.pt the.dfescend-from.. theppe, Tafid walk the. eayth.;. and thpt. they. injpye.. tho$e tfiey dislike- Consequently, \yh'p, have beep no-, toriops. in . life for- a domineering and re v.engefnl dis|»psition , aye very mneh. dreaded' after, dqath. Eon instance, there, is. Ka,y-. ungpeyhQ comes in the d.qad of night, when the qpnip fire has burned'" low, and like a.rnsfiing wind" scatters the dying embers and then takes advantage of the dprkness to rob sprpe;.sleepey, of life ; and it is considered dangerous, tp, whistle ip the, dark, for Kayungpe is especially, attracted" by a; Avhistle. There is another restless spirit— the deceased father., of-aUpy whptp I, welf know — who is. said to roam .about.arp.ied with a, rope,.. with;, which he catches people. All fhe Narrinyeyri,. pl4apd;yoppg, are dreadfully afraid of seeing ghosts, and: pope of.thenfi will: venture into t he scrub: af ter, (lark, . lest/ h,e; shopld, encounter: the spirits which axe supposed, to. roain there. I, have heard- some admirable Specimens of ghost stories- from fhem. In one- case I remember the ghost was-, represented - to have sct fire,. to. a wurley, and ascended to heaven in. the flame. The "Narrinyerri regard the disapprobation of the spirits of the dead as a thing to be dr, ended, and if a serious quarrel takes place between near relatives some of their friends are sure to interpose with entreaties to the contentious parties to he reconciled, lest the spirits of the dead should be offended at . unseemly disputes between those who ought to be at peace. The name of the dead must not be mentioned until his body has decayed, le?t a want of sorrow shopld seein to be indicated by the common and flippant use of hip name, A native would have the deceased believe that he canpo.t h«i,r or epeak his name without weeping. But the most direct way in which the reverence of thq?e, people is shown for the dead is in their funeral ceremonies.5 When a man dies, they conclude at once thatsorcery has been the cause of the mournful event, and that cither nganhungi or millin must have been practised against him. Millin is a different kind of sorpg>ry from that, described above. The first night after axpan haa diqc!, his nearest relation sleeps with his head on the corpse, ip order that h,e may hp led to dream, who ip the sorcerer- that capped his depth. The next day- the- corpse is; eleyatedon men's shoulders on. a, sort of bier called ngaratta, The friends of the deceased then gather round, and several names are called out to try if the mention of them produces any effect on the corpse. At last the nearest relative calls out the name of the person of whom he has. dreamed, and then an impulse towards him on the part of the dead body ip sftid to be felt by the hearers which they pretend they cannot resist,, and I copse luently they walk- towards him. This impulse is the sign I by which it,' i? known, that the. right, name, has, been called; ;opt. The deceased, still lying on. the ngaratta, is. then placed over i a. siow fire for a day op two, until the opter skin blisters This. | is: rem.oved with the hair, and alt th.e apertures of the body are. sowed; up. It is. then rubbed1 over with greasq and red ocfirt?» ; and set up naked OP a sort, of stage, inside the wurley, in. a sit- ' ting- position, A great lam.entatign. and wa.ili.ng is xnadc: at; this: ; time by all the relations: and Mends of the. dead man. They tnit, their hair off close tp' the headland.- besmear themselves ! v,fith tfie most disgusting filth ; they all, best and cut thein- ! selves, and- make violent demonstrations- of grief. All the re latives are careful to he present and not to be wanting in the ; proper signs of sorrow, lest they should be suspected of com plicity in causing the death. A slow fire is placed under the corpse, in order to dry it. The relations live,, eat, drink, and sleep under the putrefying mass "until' it is dried. It is then wrapped up in mat? and kept in the wurley. During the time in which it is drying, the female relatives relieve one another in weeping before the body, so as to, keep some woman always weeping in front of it, All this lias very much the appearance of idolatry. The smoke rising around the red sitting figure, the w.ailing women, the old meu with long wands, with a brush of feathers at the end, anointing it with grease and red ochre — all contribute to give one this impression of fhe whole scene. When any one leaves tfie wurley where the body is for a few days, they are expected to stand before it, and weep and wail on their return. However they manage the requisite amount of crying I never could imagine. For one minute a woman will appear in the deepest agony of grief and tears ; a few minutes after, the conventional amount of crying having been acconir plished', they will laugh and talk with the merriest. I feel per suaded that fear has more to do with, most of these exhibitions than grief. But the spirit of the dead is not. considered to have been ap peased until his.relatives have avenged his death. They will kill the sorcerer who has caused it if they can catch him ; but generally they cannot catch him, and often do not wish it. Most probably he belongs to some other tribes of the Narrin yerri. Messengers-pass between the the tribes relative to the affair, and the friends of the accused person formally curses the dead man and, all hqc dead relatives. This constitutes a casus belli. Arrangements are forthwith made for a pitched battle, and the two tribes meet in company with their res pective allies. The tribe to which the dead man belongs weep and make a great lamentation for him, and the opposing tribe will set some fellows to dance about and play antics in derision of the enemies. Then the tribe will set up a great laugh bv way of further provocation. If there is any other cause for animosity between the tribes besides the matter of avenging the dead there will now be. a pretty severe fight with spears. If however, the tribes have nothing hut the dead' man to fight about they will probably throw a few spears, indulge in con siderable abuse of each other, perhaps one or two will get slightly wounded, and some of the old men will declare that enough has been done. The dead man is considered to have been appeased by the efforts of his friends to avenge his death by fighting, and the two tribes are friendly again. In such a case the fight is.a mere ceremony. The hair of the dead is spun into a. cord which is made into a, headband, and commonly worn by men. They say that, hereby they, smell the, dead, and that it makes their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight, they are enabled, to. see the spears coming, and either toyparry or avoid them. 