INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. NEW SOUTH WALES v. VICTORIA. [FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER] FIRST DAY. THE Seventh Intercolonial Match between New South Wales and Victoria was commenced on Thursday last at a quarter-to twelve. His Excellency Sir H. Barkly, accom- panied by Lady and Miss Barkly, and Captain Bancroft, appeared on the ground. At this time many of the two Elevens were practising, but on learning the Governor's arrival, arrangements were at once made for immediate commencement of the game. The Victorians, having won the toss, decided on going in first ; and at five minutes past twelve the New South Wales players, headed by New- combe, took their stations in the field. Ward acting as Captain, and distinguished from the rest of the men by having three stripes down the front of his shirt, and Thomp- son taking the wicket, and being dressed in a conspicuous plum coloured shirt and cap. The others were very neatly attired in plain white flannel. The umpires were, for New South Wales, Mr. Curtis ; for Victoria, Mr. Smith. The scorers Mr. Hipwell and Mr. Keddie. All preliminaries being duly arranged, Marshall and Mace came to defend their wickets against Ward and Kinloch, the former from the end nearest the Grand Stand, delivering the first ball to Marshall. Marshall played Ward's second to mid-on for a single. His third struck Mace on the pad, and a leg bye was run. The last ball glanced off the wicket-keeper's glove, and a bye was obtained. The second ball of Kinloch's first over was a full pitch, and Marshall played it past point for one. Mace, by a forward drive to the off, made a single off the last ball of the over. The first ball of Ward's second over struck Mace on the pad, and ran into his wicket. One wicket for 5 runs. At twenty-eight minutes past twelve Bryant took his place, and scored a single for a neat slip. Kinloch bowled a maiden. Marshall cut Ward's last for one between point and slip, and took the same liberty with Kinloch's second. Ward's second Marshall hit to leg, and, the ball having passed under the fence, four were allowed. The telegraph here annouueed 10. Kinloch's first Bryant slipped for a single. At the second ball of the ninth over, which was a maiden, by Ward, Thompson let slip an opportunity of stumping Bryant. Kinloch's last ball was hit well to leg by Marshall, but, being capitally fielded by Kettle, only one was scored. Marshall drove Ward's first to leg off for three, and then exclaiming "Now I've got him," drove Kinloch's second to long-on for a similar number. The telegraph now marked 20. Kinloch's last Bryant slipped for one. The day was intensely hot, and Marshall now shouted for a glass of brandy and water. Ward here took himself off, I think a little soon, and Moore took up the bowling at his end, Bryant slipping the second of his over, which was a maiden, well stopped by Ward. Marshall played Kinloch's second to mid on for one ; Bryant hit his third to leg, but being well fielded by Kettle no run was made. The last ball was fatal to Bryant, who was given out leg before wicket, after having made three single runs, and who made way for Costick. Two wickets for twenty-two runs. Marshall played Moore's second, and seeing Sam bearing down full sail, shouted out, "Hold, Jerry!" to the no small amusement of the field. Moore's third he then cut past point for one. Kinloch bowled a maiden. Moore's first Costick cut among the slips for four, and hit his second to leg for the some number, Kettle having made a gallant but vain attempt to stop the ball from going under the fence. Moore's third Costick again hit hard to leg, but being very well fielded by Kettle, he only secured a double. The last of the over Costick played among the slips, and Cap- tain Ward cleverly stopped it with his foot, saving the run. The telegraph now showed thirty. Marshall drove Kin- loch's third under the fence for four to the on, and his next by a similar hit to the off, made four more. Forty now appeared on the telegraph. Captain Ward here thought a change of bowling desirable, and relieved Kinloch, proving the correctness of his judgment by dismissing Costick at his first ball, after having scored two fours and a double. Three wickets down for forty- one runs. J. Huddlestone succeeded, and commenced pro- ceedings by poking Ward's second to mid on, for which a single was run. Marshall played his next in the same direction for a double, and then cut his last to point, well stopped by Kinloch. Thompson was put on to bowl at Moore's end, leaving no one to keep wicket, and gave a wide. Moore missed a chance of catching Huddlestone at slip, and a single was run. Ward's first Huddlestone skied behind the wicket, but Sadler refused the invitation, and another run was the result. Marshall draw his second for a couple, and drove the last hard back to Ward, who stopped but could not retain the ball, and a run was capitally stolen. 50 was here announced by the tele- graph. Marshall played Thompson's first to mid on for one ; his third Sadler missed, and a bye was run. The last Marshall hit to mid off, but Gilbert, by his fine fielding, prevented any increase of the score. Huddlestone got Ward's first prettily away to square leg for two, and his second for the same. Thompson bowled Marshall a fine maiden, the last ball just missing the bails, and eliciting from the bowler exclamation of "Oh!" Huddlestone hit Ward's second high in the slips, and very easy catch, missed by Moore. The fourth ball hit by Marshall just dribbled through the fence, Park doing his utmost to overtake it, but not suc- ceeding, and four more were added to the score. A bye was now well stolen by Marshall, from Thompson's first, but his fourth was too good, and found its way into Mar- shall's wicket at twenty-three minutes to two, after an in- nings of an hour and-a-half, during which he made thirty- five runs, without giving a chance, consisting of four 4's, two 3's, and two 2's, and singles. Four wickets for sixty-two runs. Wardill was now companion of Huddlestone who skied Ward's first in the slips for one ; his second, Wardill cut between point and mid-off up to the fence for four ; the second of Thompson's next over, a maiden to Huddlestone, Sadler allowed to get past him, but overtook, and well stopped with his foot, just before it reached the fence, so that only a couple were scored for a bye. The twenty-ninth over was a maiden by Ward to Wardill, who, in playing forward at the first ball, moved his foot over the crease, and gave a chance to Thompson, which, however, he neglected to take. Huddlestone played Thompson's first neatly to square leg for two, the telegraph now ex- hibiting seventy runs. The third he drove to long-on for three, supplemented by another for an overthrow ; and the fourth he played to long-on, for which, the ball being well picked up by Park, he only scored a single. A neat cut among the slips by Huddlestone, off Ward's second, was rewarded by a single. At the fourth ball, Ward appealed, the ball appearing to go off Wardill's leg on to his bat, and being caught, but the umpire decided not out. A maiden from Kinloch to Huddlestone followed, when all retired for a few minutes' refreshment, the day being extremely hot. On resuming play, Wardill drove Ward's fourth past the bowler under the fence for four. The telegraph here announced eighty. Huddlestone drew Kinloch's first, and Wardill, in making a very sharp and dangerous run, nearly lost his wicket. The umpire gave him "in,'' and I believe he was, but it was touch and go. Off Kinloch's second Wardill got a snick, for which he scored four, as it went under the fence ; the third he hit to the off, but as Gilbert fielded it well, no score was made Huddlestone drove Ward's first past the bowler through the fence. Here the telegraph exhibited 90. Ward's second he skied towards long-off, but it was out of reach, and a single was made. Off the last a leg bye was obtained. Gilbert well stopped with his foot a sharp hit by Wardill to mid-off, off Kinloch's second, and only one was added to the score. Ward and Kinloch now changed ends, and the latter bowled Wardill a maiden. The two next balls by Ward Huddlestone drove forward - the first to the on, the other to the off - each under the fence for four. 100 were now recorded by the telegraph. Off Ward's third Huddle- stone made a poke to mid-on for one. The thirty-ninth over was a maiden by Kinloch to Huddlestone. Ward gave up the ball to Thompson, whose first ball Wardill hit through the fence to long-off for four. Newcombe was here judiciously placed at long-off, and Wardill only scored a single for his next hit in that direction off Thompson's third. Huddlestone, by forward play to the on, off his last, made a single, and then made a poke to mid off, from Kinloch's third - Wardill having a very narrow escape of being run out. Wardill played the last on which was stopped, but not neatly picked up, and cried out "might have had it." Newcombe here cleverly stopped a forward drive of Huddlestone off Thompson's first from going through the fence, and only a couple were run. Huddlestone made a forward drive off his second for a single, well stopped by Gilbert. 110 showed by the telegraph. Kinloch missed a chance given by Wardill at point off Thompson's third, and a double was scored. At this period of the game the play was stopped for luncheon at half-past two. At five and twenty minutes to four play was recommenced, Kinloch bowling to Huddlestone, who drew his second for a single. Ward went on again in place of Thompson ; the last ball of his over was driven forward by Huddlestone, who, Park having allowed it to pass him, scored three. Kinloch's second played to mid-off by Huddlestone, was prettily taken by Gilbert, who instead of immediately re- turning it to the wicket-keeper retained it, looking at the striker who had attempted a run, with a comical "Ah! would you now?" sort of expression ; this just gave him time to recover his wicket. It appeared to me that had the ball been thrown in something af the All-England Eleven style of fielding, Huddlestone would not have had the ghost of a chance to get back in time. Kinloch's third Huddlestone played to mid-on an easy one. He tried for another but Wardill very properly called "I won't have two." The last Wardill hit to mid-on for a couple. 120 posted upon the telegraph board. Ward's third Huddle- stone sent to long-on for a couple. The first ball of the forty-seventh over Kinloch bowled to Wardill without mischief. Having noticed that, on several occasions, Huddlestone from over- eagerness to run had left his ground before delivery of the ball, Kinloch ran forward as if to bowl in his usual form, but stopped in the act of delivery, and dex- terously knocked off Huddlestone's bails. Being off his ground he was of course given out. This, to the un- initiated, looked a little like sharp practice ; but I need hardly say that it was perfectly good cricket, and well done. Huddlestone was in an hour and twenty minutes, and scored 44 in a very precarious innings, in which he gave a number of chances, the first of which should have been fatal. His score numbered 4 fours, 1 three, 5 twos, and singles. Five wickets for 124 runs. Thompson next brought in his bat. A bye was run off Kinloch's second ball. Wardill played Ward's second rather up towards mid-off, but no one was near, and he ran one, and, next over from Kinloch, cut his first between point and slip for two, and ran a bye from his second. Thompson drew his third, well taken by Kettle for one, and his last Wardill played to mid on for another, doing the same by Ward's first for the same number. Thompson drove Ward's last forward, and ran a couple, and a third was made for an overthrow. Kinloch bowled Thompson a maiden. Ward's first Wardill played to leg, and scored two. His third, Wardill cut sharply to mid- off, finely stopped by Gilbert ; the last he hit towards long-off for a single, and the last of Kinloch's he drove forward to the off for another. Moore was now put on to try what he could do in Captain Ward's place. Wardill drew his first for a single, and then played Kin- loch's first to mid-on for another. The last Thompson drew, and started for the run ; a warning "No, I can't do it," from Wardill, made him run back ; the ball, sharply thrown in, passed the wicket-keeper, and was stopped by Gilbert, but, as he did not get hold of it, Wardill called on Thompson and a single was run. The announcement on the telegraph was here 140. Moore's second Thompson played to short-leg for one ; and his third Wardill hit to long-on for a double. His last hit Wardill on the leg ; Thompson appealed, but Smith decided "not out." Gilbert took the bowling at Kinloch's end. Thompson cut his second between point and slip for a single, and Wardill hit his last up over point's head, but out of the reach both of him and of cover-point, and scored another. Wardill played Moore's third to mid off, and ran forward. "I have him," cried Gilbert, picking up and returning the ball smartly to the wicket-keeper, who put down Wardill's wicket like a shot ; but Wardill just saved his ground by his activity, and only just. Wardill played Gilbert's first, and ran a very dangerous single. Thompson played his second to mid-off for another. The sixtieth over, given by Moore to Thompson, was a very fine maiden. The first ball of the sixty-first over, by Gilbert, struck Wardill on the leg, and the umpire gave him out, leg before wicket ; after having successfully defended his stumps one hour and three-quarters, during which he ran up a score of 36 runs, consisting of four fours, five twos, and singles, by thoroughly good play. 6 wickets down for 148 runs. Makinson was the next to bring in his bat, and the third ball from Gilbert he hit up to long field-on, an easy catch which was missed, and ran three. The announcement of the telegraph was here 150. Moore bowled Makinson a maiden. Gilbert's first, played to long-on by Thompson, was fumbled by Park, and a couple was run. For his last, played by Thompson to past point, a dangerous single was run. Moore bowled Thompson a maiden. Makinson hit Gilbert's third hard to long-on, but the ball was beautifully fielded by Park, and only one run was made. His fourth Thompson played past mid-on for a single. Moore bowled Thompson another maiden. Gilbert's last ball Makinson hit to leg, but Kettle fielded it well, and two were only run. Thompson played Moore's first to mid-on for one, and a bye off Makinson's leg was run for his third. The tele- graph here announced 160 runs. Makinson drove Gilbert's second over the bowler's head to the fence for four. Thompson cut Moore's second between point and slip for a single, and a leg bye was run for his third. Makinson hit Gilbert's second to long-off for a sin- gle, the ball being finely fielded by Newcombe. Thompson played his third to long-on for a single. Thompson cut Moore's second between point and slip for one, and Makin- son made a snick to square-leg for another. The last ball was a trimmer ; Thompson found it too good for him, and retired in favour of Conway, after having been in 1¼ hour, and having made 16 runs by a three, a two, and singles. Seven wickets for 170 runs. Kinloch again look up the bowling in place of Gilbert. Makinson played his second ball to the on and ran ; Park picked up and threw down Conway's wicket, but he was in ; the ball having passed on from the wicket, Makinson called on Conway, who again ran, but who was well thrown out by Gilbert's without having had any opportunity of scoring. 8 wickets for 170 runs. Stewart filled the vacancy. Makinson received a maiden over from Moore. Stewart played Kinloch's second forward towards mid-on for a single, well stolen by Makinson ; Gilbert kicked the ball up to the bowler, but too late. Makinson scored a double for a leg hit off Kinloch's third, and hit the last hard to mid-off, which Gilbert stopped and returned well. Stewart hit Moore's third to leg for a single, but was bowled by Kinloch's first ball of the seventy-seventh over. The telegraph shewing 9-2-174. Here all visited the M. C. C. Pavilion to allay their thirst. On their return, Butterworth placed himself as Makinson's vis-a-vis, and cut Kinloch's third among the slips for two. Makinson cut Moore's first through the slips up to the fence for four. 180 runs shewn by the telegraph. A leg-bye was run off Moore's third ; Newcombe cleverly saved three runs, by stopping with his foot a hit by Makinson to long-off, off Kinloch's second only a single being ran. The first ball of the eightieth over by Moore was a beauty, and found its way into Mnkinson's wicket, dismissing him after an innings of one hour and six minutes, during which he scored two fours, two twos, one three, and four singles. This terminated the innings of the Vic- torians, and with it, at twenty-four minutes to six, the first day's play. The score was 182 - a number of runs ex- ceeding by fully half what ought to have been made. The fielding, however, was not what it should have been ; I may say not what it used to be. Kettle was as good as ever, and that is saying a good deal ; but no one else particularly distinguished himself. There was no instance of great fielding - no great catch - balls' hit up were missed, and balls hit along the ground were fumbled in a way I was not prepared to see, judging from former matches. I do not think Kinloch's bowling good enough on the splendid turf of the Melbourne Cricket Club, for such men as Marshall, Makinson, Thompson, and Wardill ; notwithstanding, had the fielding been what it should have been, and what I expected it would be, the score would have been greatly reduced. Moore's bowling I consider the best. 