IMPOUNDING NOTICES. (From the Government Gazette, of Thursday, January 30.] TUNKILLO, Section 192. Job Hobbs, Poundkeeper—One red and white spotted ox, top off off ear and slit, like GFA with 39 under offribs. T6 off rump, like 4 with T under near shoulder; one red cow, small hoop boms, little white on belly, AJ near loin, G with — tinier near romp, BO off ribs; one light brown cow, little white on beUyJUke SFN with TL and triangle under off ribs, N off shoulder; one white steer, like O otf rump, O off shoulder. IT not claimed, will be sold February 25,1862, at noon. STOCKPORT, Thomas H. Ayliffe, Poundkeener—One brindle bullock, off horn broken, like C with Onnder off shoulder, like J—S conjoined near ribs. If notclsimed. will be sold February 24,1862. at noon. —_>_, WOODCU£STEU£, Wo. Moalden, Poandkeeper-One grey gelding, collar and saddle marked, white on hind legs, branded like writing to off shoulder; one black mare, fdafby side, like ER conjoined near libs. like sis with S under off shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold February 24. 1862, at noon. ? MOUNT TORBENS, George Lcmmey, Poundkeener— rhe white cow, red neck and ears, advertised onthe 23rd inst as illegible brands near ribs, appears now lite GLEVT near ribs. KOOKDJGA. Born Bnira. D. Uacnamara, Poand keeper—One black horse, small star In forehead, a white spot on off saddle, like J and writing' N near shoulder; one roan mare, near hind fetloak white, white on forehead, black mane and tail, like aUK conjoined near shoulder; one black mare, JK over c* near shoulder; orechesnutcolt, near hmd foot white, like S over W near shoulder; one small bay Timor pony, black points, T near thigh, indescri bable brand off shoulder; one black snare, like ~ over W near shoulder. If not claimsd, will be sold February 2C 1862, at noon. CLARENDON. James Williams, Poundkeener—One xed cow, branded like W off shoulder; one red and white cow branded like O with—over conjoined near ribs, both ears marked, a strawberry heifer calf by her aide, with a card on neck. If not claimed, will be Bold February 24, i?62. at noon. SADDLEWORTQ (Handled of) Section 4M. George Kingsborou?U, Poundkeeper-One red and white spotted bnlloct, cock boms, off&re; foot shod, in low condition, 0^ wOlbeaold ONE TREE HILL, Muano Para East, William Hamlin, Poondkeeper-One chestout mare, smaU white blaze down face, near tnnd fetlock white, branded like ES with Cover off shoulder like JNP conjoined or JxP near shoulder; one bay mare, tdaok points, bridle head- stall on, branded like S DoU ?l?<?ulder- I? not claimed, will be sold February £, Lb62* sx noon* HELROSE. Bbunt Remarkable. John Mooney, Pound keeper-One dark bay filly, etar on forehead, black points. *&>??, 20 m?Mhs old, no brand visible. Ifnot<flaunid.^S be sold February 24,1862, at noon. W^PCHRA, Al&ed; Rastess. Poundkeeper-One black and white? bullock, cock horng. both ears slit, Uke JP near shoulder, like CH or OH near ribs, Uke HL blotched off ramp; one white steer, hoop horns, piece out of off ear. like R? ?W)ome? off ribs. 9575 under; one brown steer, off car J^LSr I*lll^1 *111^ V ,^ near libs 'm **** rem P>? under i oae *?? "SS?*^l-?" 18 h?n>B. ?*ar in forehead, little white on sides, like CAJ near loin, like WT, with ~ over off shoulder, 2 off neck, like 2 reversed or S blotched off cheek; one strawberry steer.like X near rite; one brindle steer, little white on ramp and belly, off ear topped, like gR conjoined near rump. If not claimed wul be sold March l, iB>a. at HANSON (Hundred of). Section 2203, near the Cross Roads Inn. Samuel Boyle, Poandkeeper-One bay horse, star in forehead, Uke a, over H over P off shoulder, shod aU round; one bay cob mare, short taO. sr?r, snip, collar marked, 10 off shoulder; one old black horse, short tail, crippled in fore less, like L in circle off shoulder, like FC nearBhoulder. sore back, and very poor; one chesnut filly, EC near side neck; one bay horse. IT off shoulder. GS W off sidenezk; one black horse, collar marked, crippled in both Tore legs, like O near shoulder, WT nrar neck; one moose colon d pony mare, white Gin, like a near shoulder; one bay horse, like M over W over PP over — over G near shoulder, like ro over H over BB off shoulder; one bay filly, cut on nose, Uke N-P near shoulder; one old nay mare, very poor, like WM near shoulder. Uke gOE conjoined off shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold Feoruary 17. W62. at noon. SPItCNGS, MOUNT GAUDIER, James Stein, Pouud kezper-One yellow and white bullock, 326 off back, E off shonlder, blotch near ribs. If not claimed, will be sold February 8,1862, at noon. Lttesaby and Musical Entertainment at Nobwood. By an announcment in our advertising columns it will be eeon that a literary and musical enter tainment will be given at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Monday evening, by Mr. T. C. Just, assisted by gentle men aoiateurs and lira. Wlshirt, who,amongst other performances will sing the favorits ball id of "Jessie's Dream." Mr. Just's share of the entertainment will consist of a lecture upon tho dramatic works of Shakespearo and readings therefrom. We are requested to state that the programme which is of a varied nature will ba commenced at 8 o'clock. ?— ' Incombitstible Dresses.—A French chemist has just discovered the mode of rendering muslin, lace, and all kinds of light stuffs, incombustible. Neither does he make any eeoret of \ua discovery. It is merely necessary to mix with the starch used in making (hem up the half of its weight of carbonate of lime, commonly called Spanish chalk or Spanish white. The muahn or other stuff is then ironed as usuaL The chalk, thus added in uo respect injures either the appearance, the quality, or the whiteness of tUe stuff. Death pbom the Absorption of Poison.— TUo following sad event ocourred on Mr. Doyle's Station, at Wodoonmon, on the Peel Rivor, some sixteen miles from Tarn worth:—" It appeare that a man named James M'Farlane, bettor known as 'Scotchie.* about 50 years of age, and in the employ of Mr. Doyle, \ot engaged, on, Saturday last skinning soroo lambs belonging to. t?at gentleman, which had recently died on the station. Mr. Doyle went to where the man was em ployed, and told him not to skin any more, as he (Mr. Doyle) was not sure, from the cause of death in the lambs, that possibly some, accident might not occur to him. M'Farlane, it seems, disregarded this admonition, skinned two or three more, and then left off work. Subsequently, on the same day, he killed a large carpet sm;ke with a. stick, and took into his hand She end with which he killed the reptile. On the followincday (Sun day) the unfortunate man observed a small sore on the back of his wrist, which he irritated by rubbing, but took no farther notice of it. On Monday tho hand and wrist began to swell, and by mid-day on Tuesday, from the elbow downward, was much swollen and inflamed. Dr. Scott called at Mr. Doyle's station on Wednesday about 10 o'clock, on bis way from Peel River, and he was requested to go and see the poor fellow, who was at this time suffering excruciating pain, the whole arm being then terribly swollen, and inflamed from hand to armpit. The doctor remained until 2 o'clock, by which time the swelling had extended across to the chest? and presented a very shockiug appearance, the skin falling 06 all over the arm, displaying underneath a |>erfoc>ly black macs of matter. Tho unfortunate mm died about 3 o'clock the same day. Toe oause of death may be clearly attributed to tho absorption 0/ poison into the body, but whether it was received from the dead latiba, or the snake, wo are uuablo to say.— Tauiworlli Examiner, South Australia. —In this province they have not the ghost of State aid to any denomination, and yet what is the testimony of a stroneor but impar tial and competent witness, conoerning it? Vt by, that tho colonists there aro more liberal and more in earnest than in any of tiio other Australian colonies. At a meeting of tho Biblo Society Just hold at Parramatta, the agent of the paroit inoUtu^, r^ j k TV,oker, eomm.engo4 W -^^ b ? high omniou ** the chrMaTzciil.^cKvityTajd ?b£ F**"^ i>i the people of South Australia, which colony he had recently been visiting. It appeared to him that a warmer interest was taken there in aU religious matters than in any of the other colonies. They had latel sent from Adelaide no loss than £700 as a free contribution to the parent Bible Society.— Launcestou Examiner. Value op Likd in New Zealand.—A. cor respondent of the Otago Daily Times states that hmd in Dvundin has been ?old a.t the rate of £80,000 per acre. 