TI3E Y033YS4S ©OtTOM. MY DEAR CIIILDHKN— Iram getting a little old, and I do -not know how- soon I . mny;3eavc you- nil to enter another etrtto of existence. Aty Master tells mo toork while it is dnv : to bo instant, in season and oat of season/ to give precept upon precept, lino upon lino ; licro a little, and there u littlo; nnd to be ready nt nil times to render nn account of my stewardship ; I huro, for many yearn, been about and among the "cornstalks" of Australia, uutil, at . last, I have got to think that all children aro my children ; so, taking all theso things to gether, I havo thought I would tnko tho ndvieo of tlio Editor of tho Chronicle nnd tell you a littlo through his means. Should yon and I bo spared ypu may.cxpcct to bear something vory often,' and I hone also profitable from your old well-wisher. UNCLE SAM. Our Father-land, Australia. About 100 years ago, n celebrated traveller Marco Polo, made nn excursion through Asia, visiting Tnrtary, Persia, India, nnd China. When be came back to Europe, he wrote his account of what ho had seen, and so surprised tho pcopla hy tlio wonders he described, that they, not under standing onc-lmlf of whnt he told them, put the other half into tho snmo lot and reckoned the wliolo to be a " wopping falsehood." <f Among the matters ho mentioned were the Tartars, Jiving upon horseflesh, nover having any bread or other vegetables ; nnd tho Chiuosc, whom ho described as men with no hnir on their heads, and a long talo growing from their necks. Of India, he said that they made their clothes from wool, winch grew upon trees ; and lie brought tlio first account that beyond tho Chincso seas thcro was a " great southern bud," but so strango were thotaleftho told of ft place ho had liover seen, that, its I said before, he was not believed. Ono hundred and fifty years nftownrds the Spaniards, then tho greatest sailors iu tho world, sailed into tho Indian Ocean, visited China, and there heard similar wonderful tales respecting tlio great southern land. In 1605, Don Pedro Fernandez, tho Quires, a Spanish nobleman, started from Peru, which then Ixdonged to Spain, nnd sailed westward through tho Pacific Ocean in 6cnrch of tlio " Australia," or u southern land ; during the voyage he discovered a number of the littlo islands in that great occau, ond at last came to somo larger ones, now known as tbo Now Hebrides, nnd believing ho had. dis covered tho great south . laud, lio called theso Islands Australia del Espiritu Santo, tho south ern laud of tho Holy Ghost. (Tho Spaniards woro vory religious in their way, nnd often gavo religious names to tlio countries they discovered.) Somo timo afterwards his ships wero scattered fn a Btorm, and his comrade, in ono of tho ships staying at tho nowly fouud land for somo timo, discovered that it was several islands, and not tho groat south land nt all. So Luis Vnes do Torres (that was his name) sailed further to the west and eamo upon tho Straits between Australia and Now Guinea, which aro now named after him, Torres' Straits. . . About tho samo timo, tho Dutch, who were already settled in Java, sent a small ship called tho-Dtiyfhen, which 6niled into tho Gulf now called Carpentaria as far ns Capo Keer-weer. You will find nll tho names and places on tho National School Map of Australia. In 1016 Dirk Hnrtog sailed along tho north-wost coast of Australia, as fiir as tho island now called Dirk Hnrtog's Island, in 1620 another Dutch ship camo as for as Capo Lccuwln, thus completing tho western coastof Australia. Tho south coast was discovered in January, 1627, nnd was then called Nuyt's bud. Tho-. Dutch Government at Batavla, was now desirous, of exploring tho great southern land, and to soothoWvfar it. went to tho south; and bo ar rangements were mado for that purpose, and Captain Abel Jnnscn Tasman was appointed to tho commandiof tho expedition. Concerning this goutlcmanI havo a very in- foresting' ;tafc to tell; 1 cannot say foo certain that all of it Is quite true, but as it fs so very interesting, and bo Ilkoly to be truo, I shall give it you, leaving you to bellovo as much as you liko. J It is said then, that Abel Jensen Tasman fell in lovo with tho daughter of tho Governor of Batavia, whoso namo was Maria. Her father's name was Anthony Van Diemen. Abel was so fond of Maria tbat ho wanted to marry her, and hor fathor said that Abel was not altogether suited to bo tho Governor's son-in-law, and refused to lot them marry. But Maria loved Abel, nnd at last tho two lovers got tlio promise that if Abel would sail and discover this great southern land, and como back again safely, he should many Maria. So off went Abol, and soon gained tlio western shore of Australia near to Melville Island, which ho named Van Dicmon's Land, and began to sail to tho southward. But reaching Capo Londonderry, which ho named Capo Maria Van Diemon, ho met with such violent storms that for six wcoks he did not know where lio was, and all ho did know was that ho was somewhere in tho Indian Ocean. When tho weather cleared up lie inado sail to tho Mauritius, where ho refitted his ships, and then started to 44 try again." lie continued sailing (liko Columbus) for many days without seeing land, and got sCTfar to tho couth through the winds being contrary that ho thought ho would novcr get back to Java, aud SS)'i0r,o ,nri;"l;I:T-, Iast- on November i-i 7 ' ,G rcachcd land in 40 degrees south latitude, and named the land as before, Van Diemen s Laud, ho sailed round tbo southern coast, and then returned by tho eastern passage. On sailing along Van Dicmen's Land, ho camo to Protty island, which ho named Maria Island; and having dono his work of sailing round the couth of the great land, ho returned to Java, full of his great discoveries, and full of— Maria. Tho talo ends just as you would wish it ; for it cays that they wero marriod ; but uioro than this I cannot tell you. w??.thoFimo,1 8lmU tolllfyou further about iillll T ?,' 03 tl10 8reat Iantl begun to bo ttrxstr4 iu: UNCLE SAM. 