HOW I BECAME A CBICEETEE. (BY ONE OF THE ENGLISH ELEVEN IN ' BELI, S 1IFE IN TICTOBIA.. ) A younger son of a younger son, I iound myself atthe age of 26, with a profession, a very umall income,.and no practice ; but hoping stall as others haa done before, I studied on, always Bticking to the office to be ready for any business shouldthe goddess of Fortune think fit in one of her freaks to favor me with so desirable a commodity, which she at last did I got a beginning, and if I had worKett anastuoiea nara before, Inow made myself almost a slave to my , profession ; for was there not in the distance the , prettiest pairof bright eyes-combined withthe most lovely face— that I sometimes in my wddest ; dreams hoped at no distant period to call my own? But 'all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy'— and the author might have added a sickly one, too— aud so, after two years of intense mental application, I found myself one evening riding home to my little villa, by Kennington, feeling altogether unwell, though unable to dis cover the cause. My appetite was pretty good, my sleep unbroken, but somehow in the morning I always seemed to wake more tired than when I went to bed. It so happened that on this even ing I found, on my arrival at home, anote from my friend Newman (a young doctor whose acquaint ance I had made at college, and had renewed upon finding that he resided in the same locality as myself), inviting me to spend the evening with him, his wife having gone to visit a relation at Colchester. I accepted the invitation joyfully, for I found myself certainly in no humour for study. We were old friends, as_ he often ran over to spend an evening with me — as he said to cheer me up in my bachelor lodgings. After our usual greeting of ' Well, old fellow, liow are you?' — a question, of course, which ?we never answered — Newman asked, in his jocular way, if I had swallowed a ghost, as I most certainly looked like one. I took but little notice of the remark, passing it off by saying, I supposed a hard day's work made me feel and look a little tired. We spent a verv pleasant evening, and I rose to take my leave,' when Newman looking at me seriously, and beginning with the preface that he hoped he had now known me long enough not to be misunderstood, told me in plain words that I was overworking myself, and that if I continued to do so much longer I should soon be unable to do anv work at all. I admitted that I did not' feel weD, although I could not account iu any way for so doing, and begged his advice as to what course I could pursue, and that he would prescribe for me : to which he replied, 'No ! no ! my dear fellow, I don't want you as a patient, for I could do you but little good. The disease suggests its own remedy. Close confinement in an office all day, and closer study at night, suggests at once relaxation for body and mind — exercise and plenty of fresh air.' ' But, my dear fellow, how am I to get these ? I am too poor to keep a horse, and if I take walk ing exercise niy mind is continually at work on iny last readings.' 'Certainly that is an objection, and, although there are many other ways of attaining the object, the right one does not at once strike me. Billiards would employ your mind and give you exercise, but the close atmosphere of a billiard-room I should certainly not recommend. Bowing would be better, but that has the objection of not only being nearly as expensive as horse keeping, but also of being, if anything, rather too violent an exercise in your present state, the continued exertion being, I am confident, more than you could manage with any degree of pleasure to yourself.'. ' I fear it would,' I exclaimed, dun recollections ot Dlistered hands, ; &c;, floating before me. ' I have it,' he cried, ' I have it, old fellow — just the thing — can follow it at your own time — no tides, grooms, or anything else to wait for — can leave it off when you feel tired, and be close to your own door. Cricket's the thing, my boy— cricket ; play the game, and I'll stake my professional reputation that, with two or three hours on alternate days for a month, you will feel yourself a different man.' ' But, my dear fellow, I don't know anything about cricket ; I never played a game in my life.' ' That is no reason why you should not learn,' he .replied ; ' and you remember Boles, our old college tutor at the game ; he is living in the neighborhood, and would only be too happy to give you an hour or two's tuition at any time.' I did remember Boles, but in another field than the cricket field (having had no taste for the game), for he it was who had shown me my first partridge, and many a good day's sport we had had together — and I liked the idea ; so, promising to give the matter serious consideration, I bade him good night, and was soon at home and fast asleep. It so happened the next morning, walking (for I had at once determined to walk instead of ride to the office) into town, I met Boles, who had a short time before renewed our old acquaint ance by employing me in my professional capa city in some little business in which I was for tunate enough to succeed. After some conver sation (remembering Newman's advice) I ar ranged to meet him the next afternoon at a well known ground in the neighborhood, he promising to buy for me the necessary bat, pads, and gloves. Behold me now at the appointed time, in com pany with Boles, arriving on the ground, where, hs said, he had a capital wicket for me, where ' I could hit to leg.' I nodded, giving him- to understand I knew what he meant, though if he had spoken Cingalese he could not have puzzled me more as to his meaning. After some little difficulty in getting on my pads, and a narrow eseaDe of falling on my nose, in consequence of my awkwardness, I stood in front of the wicket ; there were others on the ground, but as they took no notice of us I did not care. Boles was soon in readiness, with the shirt sleeve of his rieht arm tucked as high as he could conveniently get it, and a new bright red ball in his hand. Thinking that all was now in readiness, I endeavored to place myself in the most approved attitude, looking on either side of me at the others practising, and copying them as nearly as I could, when I was asked by Boles if I didn't ' want guard?' — another of his Cingalese phrases, which was explained by Boles telling me to hold my bat upright ; having done which he informed me it was tlie ' two off' (still more puzzling). However, by Boles imitating the motions of the hand used by captains of the river steamers, I was at last got into position, Boles telling me I was all right, as I had got the ' two leg.' I cannot say that during this time I had felt anything like comfortable. Once or twice I had a flyiug ball within an inch or two of my head, while another had hit me fair between the two shoulders, giving me a pain the,re somewhat like rheumatism ; but I would not be daunted, and having seen a fresh neigh bor hit the ground two or three times very hard with his bat, I thought I could not be wrong in doing so myself, especially as I found it gave me more confidence, and I hoped might be some intimidation to the defiant Boles, who now, after calling ' play,' I perceived was running frantically towards me, for what purpose I wondered, when suddenly stopping short, turn ing half round, extending his right arm quickly, as if throwing the ball at some one practising about thirty yards to the left, he stood quite still looking at me. 'At the same instant I felt something, for I cannot call it seeing (to describe it rightly, would be to say I felt I saw it), pass with terrific force between my legs and the wicket, Boles at the same time exclaiming, 'that was very close to you, sir.' I quite agreed with Boles as to the proximity of the missile to my shins, and said as much to him, when I found that he had meant not close to me personally, but to the wicket I was supposed to be guarding. I was now determined that the next ball should find me a little better prepared, and keeping my eye stedfastly on Boles, who went through the same maniacal performance as before, I watched the ball leaving his hand, and coming, as I supposed, to at least a foot the farther side from the stumps, and stepped out accordingly with the idea of hitting it as I had seen the others do. What was my surprise to find that the ball, on touching the ground, instead of continuing in the 6ame direction (as by all the laws of motion I had reason to believe it would, took a nearly opposite course to that it had before, and, coming directly towards the wickst, rising at the same time, struck me a tremendous blow on the fleshy part of the thigh. I could have cried with the pain, and should certainly have stopped a while to rub the iniured part had I not caught sight in the same instant of Boles, who in his blandest manner said, ' All right, Sir, five ounces and a-half can't hurt you; the next time, Sir, keep your bat a little more upright, and allow a little for the break.' As to the first part of this small speech, though I said nothing, I begged to differ with him ; and the latter was so much more Cingalese, though I half guessed that the break must mean the peculiar direction the ball had taken after touch ing the ground. Smarting under the pain, I placed myself again in position, to look out for the next ball, determined, if possible, as I could not have my revenge on Boles, at least to have it on the ball, and with that intention again stepped out, and hit viciously, as I thought, directly at it. To my great disgust my bat did not meet with the resistance I had expected ; and, turning round with the force of my intended hit, I saw to my still greater surprise that the stumps had evidently been disarranged. This sort of thing continued for some time, only varied by an occasional hit of more or less force in various parts of my body, with a ball played by some one of our numerous companions, the general result being that on an average about everv alternate ball bowled me out. Being tired of continually refixing the stumps, and noticing also that more than the average number of spectators were looking at us, I quietly suggested to Boles that if he were to bowl not quite so fast I might stand a effeance of hitting the ball now and then. He acquiesced, and proposed I should now try a few ' slows. This being arranged, I went quietly back to my post, or rather three posts, and found that, although I could now see the balls with much greater distinctness, I was farther than ever from hitting them, for when I stepped out to do so they had always passed me, and when I remained as Boles calls it ' at home, I invariably knocked the ball direct into Boles s hands, and that always when I thought I had hit it with sufficient force to send it to the other side of the ground; and getting enraged at this did not tend to improve my play, so that eventually 1 was bowled out twice running. Boles now gave me to understand that it was a rule amongst cricketers, that whenever three wickets were bowled in succession, the bowler was entitled to a new bat, informing me at the same time that the last few balls I had played much a ? j» ? ^,-,^.J A nvinnc i-.r% BflVP fhft Fori6lt« A determined, if possible, to avoid my former error, and for that purpose stood within my ground, and getting well back to make a vigorous hit at the ball, which was now close upon me, 1 brought my new bat down with full force upon the brass ferule of the middle stump, splitting and otherwise damaging it, to the great amuse ment of the surrounding crowd, and my own chagrin and annoyance. Giving Boles to understand I had enough for that day, I quickly resumed my usual habiliments, and scarcely acknowledging the 'Good day, Sir,' of the worthy Boles, I returned home and lost no time in doctoring my much bruised body, vowing inwardly I would forfeit any sum rather than be found on a cricket-field again in any other capacity than that of a looker-on. The stiffness I experienced next day was something horrible, though I found my aptitude for business much fresher than it had been for many weeks, which I doubted not to be the result of the fresh air and exercise I had taken. How I afterwards be came a cricketer, by the untiring advice of Newman, and the zeal of the assiduous Boles, I must leave for others to determine ; suffice it to say I am now a member of three clubs, and one of the first eleven in each. May every one meet with the same success, and derive as much benefit from the really good old game. 