Crffa rf Sffit aittr Jpwmmir. An India-rubber omnibus is about to be invented, which, when jammed full, will hold a couple more. The man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. A schoolmaster in Ireland advertises that he will keep a Sunday- school twice a week — Tuesdays and Saturdays. Teetotal Chaplain, addressing an intelligent con vict : ' Well, what Drought yon here ?' Prisoner : ' The sheriffs, sir.' Chaplain : 'But I want to know if liquor had anything to do with it.' Prisoner : ' Oh, yes, sir, they were both drunk.' Exit Chap lain. Here is an epitaph sharp enough to wake up the vixen if she were not very dead indeed : — Here lies my wile, Polly, a terrible shrew — If I said I was sorry, then I should lie too ! The following notice was posted, in I860, on the estate of a noble Marquis in Kent : ' Notice is hereby given that the Marquis of Camden (on account of the backwardness of the season) will not shoot himself nor any of his tenants till after the sixteenth of Sep tember!' A Frenchman sneered at a British soldier for wearing a Waterloo medal, a thing which did not cost the British Government three francs. ' It may have cost the British Government but three francs,' said the wearer, ' but it cost the French a Napoleon besides.' Fenelon, who had often teased Richelieu, and ineffectually it would seem, for subscriptions to charitable institutions, was one day telling him that he had just seen his picture. 'And did you ask it for a subscription?' said Bichelieu, sueeringly. ' No 5 I saw no chance,' replied the other, ' it was go like yourself.' An idler boasted to a farmer of his ancient family, laying much stress upon his having descended from an illustrious man who lived several centuries ago. ' So much the worse for you,' replied the farmer, 'for we find the older the seed, the poorer the crop.' A Western Obituary Notice. — Mister Edatur : Jem bangs, we are eorry to stait, has deseized. He departed this Life last mundy. Jem waB generally considered a good feller. He died at the age of 23 years old. He went 4th without any struggle ; and sich is Life. Tu. Day we are as pepper grass, mighty smart, tu Morrer we are cut down down like a cow cumber of the ground. Jem kept a nice stoar, which his wife now waits on. His virchews was numerous to behold. Many is the things we bot at his grocerry, and we are happy to state to the admiring world that he never cheeted, especially in the wate of markrel, which was nice and sweet, and his surviving wife is the same wa. We never knew him to put sand in his sugar, tho he had a big sand bar in front of his hous ; nor water in his Lickura, tho the Ohio River runs past his dore. Fece to his remaines. He leves a wife, 8 children, a cow, 4 horses, a growcery stoar, and quadrupets, to mourn hid loss ; but in the spalendid langwide of the poit, his loss is there eternal gane. — American Paper. The Mttholo&t; op Mask Lane. — The style of the commercial reports furnishes the Spectator with an amusing paper. Thus : — ' There was a better feeling in coarse beef; tallow was languid in the fore noon, but rallied later in the day ; heavy brown sheetings were lively.' Surely this is poetry, if not mythology. Are there not spirits in the beef and genii in the tallow bales? 'Treacle is sluggish ; raisins animated, Sultanas have ruled firm ; volatile oil lively, but olive dull on the spot.' There ib a picture in every word, a perfect wealth of impersona tion. ' Sultanas have ruled firm,' carries the whole philosophy of government into the description of a simple commercial phenomenon. Or take again the following of the cattle market : — 'Inferior veal is dull and drooping ; some young calveB moved off briskly ; lambs met a dull enquiry ; pigs unexpectedly became bouyant.' This transfigures the homely scenery of a cattle market with far more than the imaginative power of Wordsworth. And when the market reporter says of ' sugars ' that ' crushed Dutch are flat but firm,' the higher moral qualities of the mind are called in to explain, by a kind of political metaphor, the very ordinary fact of an un changed price. Nonsense Verses. — There is nothing so delightful as nonsense at the right time. We have just been looking through ' A Book of Nonsense,' by Mr. Edward Lear, an artist of some celebrity. It is a series of deliciously ridiculous drawings, illustrating doggrel verses no less ridiculous. Thus — There was a young lady of Norway, Who casually sat in a doorway : When the door squeezed her flat, She exclaimed, ' What of that !' This courageous lady of Norway. We cannot pretend to describe the expression of this Norwegian young lady's countenance, .as she suffers her squeeze, in the drawing. As Homeric transla tion has lately been fashionable, , perhaps Professor Arnold and his rivals may be interested in the fol lowing : — There was an old person of Cromer, Wuo stood on one leg to read Homer ; When he found he grew stiff, He jumped over the cliff, Which concluded that person of Cramer. Now we desire to draw attention to the fine spirit of nonsense in these rhymes. The book caught our eye in a pleasant country residence not very far down the South- Western Line ; and one evening we all set to work to make imitative rhymes about the stations on that railway, which a young caricaturist in petticoats, ten years old, incontinently illustrated. Somebody began at Waterloo — There was an old party at Waterloo, Who gave eighteenpence to his daughter Loo ; But she ran away, And went to the play, Which grieved that old party at Waterloo. One more only — There was an old lady at Staines, Who got in the way of the trains, . Which cut her in half. And caused her to laugh. That funny old lady of Staines. — IAterary Budget. 