NATIONAL EDUCATION. » Speak troth, »nd anima the devil." TO MTB EDIIon OF THE EMPIRS. Sin,-Were rewards ia thu next world to be proportioi ste to tho exerolse cf. píllenos in this, surely editors i newspapers would not be forgotten. Be tbat aa lt ma, there will, doubtless, come a doy when tho teachers i thia great' oolony will feel bound, aa with .one voioe, 1 thank the editors of tho Empire for the part they hat taken in endeavouring to settle the long agitated queBtio of ' education."'>: '- " '?' In November last appeared a Jetten bf mine upo "National Education," a socond edition of which, I prc annie, ia nit 'needed, being too well remembered b. I Borne, and not desired by otberB. A pill may be bittei but, quietly swallowed, tbe'moro likely is it to do good Snob a pill. I trotted, was tbe one I prepared ¡ but. site the lapse of a quarter of a year comes , a lotter in tbi Empire from Mr. McIntyre, dedaring the pill to bo abo minobly natty, and (bat take it he will not, Befor< turning to the Inspector's answer, I muat just refer to ( letter from Mr. TV. Wearne, or I am aura he will feel' dis. appointed. Such an assemblage of words-certainly conveying «om« sense, oould not have been even in. tended as an answer to my letter. AB Mr. Wearne growc older, be will, perhaps, beooma wiser. Ho should nol exult, so ns to be unable to witbotd the fact from the public, how bo waa weighed in the balances, had N. S. T., as he says, affixed te his name, with £00 per annum, (bopo he bas no family) and bow biB five pound cheque positively rose to £8 per month. Vet was this rodoatit nblo Mr. Wearne bord and oruel upon myself. There was not a word in my letter whiob could load to the idea that I was dismissed, but rather tho contrary. Yot, Bays Mr. Wearne, "He (myself) does not tell us why be was dismiasod," wiokedly desiring it to be believed that I was dismissed, Noveril olese, though displaying anoh a naughty spirit himself, Mr. Wearne, a moment after, nays, we, in Tamworth, oould not havo had big boyB ridiog billy goat« on the Sabbath had I done my duty, BBpeoiolly with tho" General Lessío'* hanging np¡ But I have done with Mr. Wearne. The bad within me says, " give it bim, he deserves it ;" while Bometoing elsa whispers, *. let the poor man alone, what good will it dor* I will obey tba lattor impuho. ? But to return to Mr. McIntyre, whom I accused of having sjot a falsa report of my school. Had this gen» tleman been studying for montbB bow to oomplotely spoil bia own oaso he could not have better suooeeded. Ha shall tell bia own tate, without interuption. . Mr. McIntyre saya, tho visit in whioh be reoords ' the children as being "clean, tidy, and making fair progresa," IB not tho same aa that roferred to in the printed report, in whioh every word is contradicted. Very well, it must then have been the other. Here, then, ls the record of bis only other visit, omitting a few words about" tba bridge having been swept away, &o;, .' "14th July, 1857. .' Visited thia Behool to-day, and found present twenty .obildren, pretty olean and tidy. I have m uah , pleasure 'in stating that the children are making very favourablo ; progress nnder the oare of Mr. and Mrs. Crawford. W. MOINTVBB." Here bis care is fifty times ; worse. But did not this gentleman visit my aobool upon tho day named? "No," says Mr. McIntyre; "I find by my diary, that on the Otb November, 1858, I was on duty at Tinonee, in the Manning Rivar diatric'." Hero I am abat up to one reply. If it was not Mr. Molntyre who visited my cohool tbat day, it most assuredly was bia ghost, and eo confoundedly like him aa to deceive us all. Moreover, tbe said ghost wr< to tbe words as I gave them -" Otb November, 1868, Visited thia cohool," Sea., Sea , and signed by bia own name. Thors it lies in the boob. Yot. on tbia very doy. Mr. Molntyre says ho was at Tinonee, on the Manning River. Aa to what Mr. Molntyre Boys of the report of bis successor, conoerning my aabool-lt is aimply obaurd. AB well spook of what would be tbs report of a national school inspector with regard to a certain Denominational sobool at New;, town, ??.?'?'' Mr. Molntyre.conoludea by hoping that the next , time I appear in print, I may be able to show that in my present f ph ero of usefulness, ferrer boya are found arcading God's holy day in riding billy goats, ohasing pigs, end Betting on .doga to fight. Now, although ns regards myself, Bomo sad slip was made, yet I hove not the least animosity towards that gentleman.. I will therefore oblige bim by. telling him how I have been getting on, reminding bim, that if I say anything approaching aelf.proiso, it ia paitly bia own fault. First, then, here is a Bbort extract from the TamwirUi Examiner, the editor birnBell attending tho examination reif rr td to. Mr. Molntjro will remember thal tbo sobool had been long shut upwhllol was teacher of the Natioi ol one. '.SCHOOL FxmiNAHON.-On Monday last an examin allon of 'tbe. pupils of tbe' Denominational School of St. Pau .'a took place In tba school.room. Thero were a large number of ladies present on tho oooaslon, who soemrd to take great pleasure io the proceedings. Tho aohool has only been open obout throe month», uncor the care of'Mr. and Mrs. Crawford, and the proficiency attained in tba several branches of eduoatioo rt ll.ot very great orodit on, Ibe* prcoplors, end muBt havo beon highly gratifying to tho pure'nts ' arid guardians of'the obildren who attend tbe sobool, . Thu Rev. E. Williams first examined them in Saripture history, and again in reading: and Mr. Crawford subsequently in'grammar, geography, end arithmetic, in all of whiob, moro espe- cially tho latter, a knowledge roolly astonishing, in obil- dren BO young, .was manifested. At the conclusion of the examination, P. G. King, Esq., J.P., at tho request of Mr. William«, addroBBed the obildren to tho following eff.ct :-'My dear Obildren,-I um happy to meet you hore on this joyful occasion,' and to express my pica aura at tho manner in wbioh you bavo passed your ex- amination. Moah credit is due to you and Mr. Craw- ford. From all I hove known ánd heard ol Mr. Crawford, I am oonvlnoed you oould not have a more suitable or better person to guide you.' At tbe con- clusion, Mr. King congratulated Mr. Crawford on tbo great improvement ho had effected in the education of the children." , , This Denominational sobool, wbioh bod been so long shut up, ia now by far the moat flourishing one, : Had I opened i aobool in a eave, these very obildren would havo followed ruo. In oil humility, I would ask Mr. Molntjro to ponder these things. I am glad of this opportunity of stating that I. believe my suocessor, tbe pi osent toaober of tho National aohool, to bo a most excellent toaobor, and hope he will bo too wise to allow auch little mattera to disturb our friendship. Mr. Molntyre would .appear to smile at my elmplioity in Baying, IM rather bo a dog and bay tho moon j Thau auoli a . lave. That gentleman woll knows there are many slaves who do not woar a olioin, at loaat an iron one. DoeB ho forgot oar being forwarded to Tamworth, and finding things in tho shamolul etoto I doBoribed, and yot tho offiolol lotter of tho board dedaring' everything was in readiness to rooeivo OB ? Does ho forgot bow my pupils wroto for months npon tho floor, and old tubs, for want nf oven a doak t How mobs of cotilo from tho pound, a fow yards diBtant, terrified us for years fer want of a feúco 7 How yot in tho midst of all, wo pots-ivored, to that when driven away (what else) wo left olgbty or ninoty children upon tbubookB, with the Denominational school long Bbut up ? When a wife, delicately roared, and surrounded by a largo family, is tho first to oxpretB ber willingness to Bloop under a dray, or onduro anything ratbor than romain wboro abo 1B, there muBtoertainly bo something savouring of tUivtry in a husband wishing to remain. Ay, ay. Mr. Malntyro, you now rida in a fine carriage, and con alford to emile Mrs. C., aa shu sits, stitch, RI {lolling, through half tho night, oan oftentimes only afford to weep. I will now oonolude. Tho vory pith of tho arguments unod in tho lalo Parliamentary debate, by tho ohauipiunB of tho National system, may bo thus nun,mod up, " How oana child bo taught religion f" " Ministers of rollgion oro, nnd aver havo boen, tho jroat obstructionists of all that ia good," "Christiana aro looked Ufon i OB tho worBt OIOBB of pomona-in India at leant." ' Now, in carrying cut ouoh a system it must necessarily 1 oaour that among sixty or a hundred toaohers, a fow must be found who do not exactly " suit," TIIOBO few oro ni t ' told hon or in what they hnvo olTonded. They may 1 havo buniod themselves too much in such thir ga os 1 Sunday sohools-harboured a minister of religion ia I their housoB, ito. Whatever it moy bo, howevor, tbeir i day BB National taaohots Is ovor. Yet ls a man not Boot obout i his business t No, but »hilo the wholo population abell ' Bppr'oijiato and encourage his labours, an" inspect r, a yonng (op from tho moori, BS to ill (bat »»7" be known of bim, shall come tad seemingly try to thwart the teacher's wofl, and damnify bi« un.elnlneis by a par. tial report. . ; " We must hore iiispesiois, but )rt them be appoin'eo, hy Government. Why should hours be tuken np in the House a« to the »fgbt filling ap of a gully, and these weightier matters parsed by ? I have now done, except a word about tbe billy goats, ond I assure Mr. McIntyre I do not witness so much riding upon these hairy gentlemen on the Sabbath as formerly. It m«y be partly owing to the faot, that now I hare a nibo Sabbath-sohool of sixty or seventy children. Comprising all within a mrfsbell, the matter stands thus:-1. Mr. Melntyre visited my sobool.furf»; eaoh time before my.faoe, be wrote a favourable'. report. 9, Thia writing- can note be »em. 9. Mr. McIntyre wrote a different report to the board.'" Anything that gentle- man moy now Bay againBt me mutt be deemed null and void. Wt j 7 There is bis handwriting on both visits: : ?.. This letter bad better elose tbe whole matter. If Mr. M. ÍB wise, it will. Io the best man'» life, a thing will sometimes .oeour,' of. wbtob; "the less said tho aoonor mended." Should tbst gentleman, however, think other. , wise, I beg to remind bim tbat I have a large bundle of quills already sharpened. I am. Sir. vonr obedient nnraant. . , J. OBÄiWFORO. r Tam worth, February 80. [Any farther correspondence on thia snbjeet «ill have to bo inserted in oar advertising oolumns, anoT paid for \ accordingly.-En.] . ' 