A NIGHT' WITH , THE SPIRITS. (mayo THE SATURDAY REVIEW.) Mr lUebd. Doyle has yet a chapter on our English social habits to draw, The manners and customs of the English are not complete without a night with large or Foster. It is as much a part of the London season to spend a cheerful evening with ghosts, as to assist at the heavy dinner de rigueur which is known as a meeting of creditors, or at the heavier dance or malice dumsanie twenty miles out of love in the first week in June. The evening with a fashionable " medium" may be lively or dull; but all things are complimentary of each other. When the spiritual world is active and being municative when triple tap succeeds triple tap smoothly and in order-when mysterious harp rings, played by no earthly hand sound, through the enchanted air. and the arohrimn)>B himself, Bfilf poised in the darkened but' obedient interior floats over the heads of a sympathising circle of devotees there is a good deal to be found for a séance while it lasts ; though on "the pillow the unpleasant thought suggests itself of an egregious hoax. On the other hand, when the whole thing has been a dismal failure, when Cagliostro himself lins huon nil but abashed, when every lapping and question has ended in the most ludicrous break-down, then comes a happy reaction. If a successful night with the spirits, like all other riotous living is succeeded by a morning of lusMtudo and suspi- pion, the inextinguishable laughter and the hour of triumph when the solemn mockery is over, and the discomfited medium has taken his departure is well purchased by the two hours' bore which has gone before it. So, whether it succeeds or fails whether the spirit world is communicative or suspicious p in other words, whether the circle consists of willing dupes or Sadducees, séance is, as the phrase runs, a thing to do. The season is. not complete and whole without it and it is quite a moot point whether a break down or a series of first rate manifestations is the most amusing. Each is perfecting its way. Our own experience is, however, one-sided. The Spiritual Magazine of December announce cod the immediate coming of "Mr Foster, an excellent medium, a very good test mediums" Mr. Foster on the authority of his American introducer, " an author of high repute both in America and in England, and an eloquent preacher," signing himself W.M., and writing from Boston, tell us that he sees spirits and knows them, and receives communications, not only by wrapping on the tables but by his hand being guided to write. But the peculiarity of Mr. Foster is that " the names of persons come out in a bright red colour on his hands, arms, and forehead a case which W.M,, candidly enough considers identical with that of the Tyrolese Ecstatica, or, he might have added, St. Francis's stUmati. W.M. went on to say that the manifesto tations of which Mr. Foster is the medium will have great interest," and " his presence in London will be a good opportunity for persons who wish to investigate spiritualism. Not that we are to " expect from Mr. Foster a new revelation or system of any kind but simply a few facts." In due time Mr. Foster arrived and a highly respectable person, after reading certain remarks of the Saturday Review on Spiritualism, assured us under date of 4th January, that he too, like ourselves, was a sort of septic on the matter -a confession which certainly does not deal quately exhibit the aspect of the Saturday Review towards Spiritualism-but that he our correspondent, who gave his name and address, had called with three others on Mr. Foster, 14, Bryanstone-atreet, Portman-street, and was as he says, " perfectly astonished." Among other things, the medium on that occasion " produced in two instances the names of deceased relatives written as it were in letters of blood on his arm." Our friend (for he wrote in a very sensible and straightforward way did us the honour to say that he should very' much like to know the " experience of one of our very able writers, as he nicely put it, of a visit to Mr. Foster." , , Well let us suppose an evening with Mr." Foster and one of our " able writers" present. Let the scene boa bachelor's house in Mayfair and let the circle consist of seven or eight quiet, hard-headed and not very impressionable middle aged gentlemen, lawyers, and fellows of learned societies and learned professions, thriving men of business and the like. The evening being devoted to business the gentle sex is rigidly excluded. The circle is composed we may add of some who were entirely strangers to each other. Some were only slightly known to the host who had charged himself with making an appointed ment with Mr. Foster. On one side at least the preliminary correspondence was curious ; for with all Mr. Foster s attainments in the spiritual, world, his acquaintance with English grammar and the art of 'letter-writing is at present in a very rudimentary state. _ Mr. Foster was announced by W. M. as "quite a young man." He is so, of very lymphatic temperament, with a quick curious and serpentine eye, a singularly unembarrassed and watchful manner and it dawdling yet clipped intonation like that of an American talking English as he might suppose a Frenchman likely to talk it and so, when the courteous host had Hired the horned fiend for forty marvels, -that's to say, two guineas-he came to May- fair, not like the Old it devil, With horned toes to terrify the ladies, but smooth, subtle, and courteous, with a blazing diamond ring and hands and fingers of a delicacy and supple evenness of touch which would have done no discredit to Houdin or Frikel. As we have just observed, Mr. Foster was furnished with his very first credentials from high " Spirituals" in America ; but now that he has come to London change has come over the estimation in which he is held by his patrons and friends. It may be that even in the spiritual world there is envy, hatred, and malice, and that jealousy may' penetrate the College of Augurs. 'ttieSpiritwd Magazine at the same time recommends and all but denounces him. In what literary America calls an " editorial," it is darkly intimated in the Spiritual Magazine of March, that " we have received letters from Judge Edmonds containing such statements regarding Mr. Foster, that though we have reason to believe him to be a remarkable medium, we must decline to print any more record of his medium ship." And we also find that Mr. Foster refused to give " Mr. Allman of Camden Road, and Mr. Jones, of Peckham, a sitting an intimation which receives greater. significance us n o observe that " books for review and communications for the Spiritual Magazine are to be addressed to Mr. Allman, of Camden Road." So that we do not quite know how Mr. Foster stands with his brother spiritualists For the Spiritual Magazine for February says, " We hear of the most startling manifestations in his presence. Some of the most sceptical of our scientific men have seen strange sights and surrendered at discretion, and Mr. Foster is widely extending the great truth among the upper ten thousand." Mr. Carter Hall, we are told, has received Mr. Foster, and testifies to his lirsNrato power and entire trustworthiness. So does Mr. Howitt. Mr. E. L. Blanchard testimony is doubtful. But then the Spiritual Magazine states distinctly in reference to the visit paid by Mr. Loire, editor of the Critic, to Mr Foster, that his charge of £3 made by Mr. Foster " was an imposition," As to the Saturday Review, of course the Spiritual Magazine places us in a difficulty. Writing in January, the Spiritual Magazine recommends us to " see Mr. Foster, at 14, Bryanston- street," and then, when we have seen him, we shall alto- our language, But in March poor . Mr. F water is no " test" at all his authority is not appealed to a " well-known t correspondent pronounces judgment' unfavourable to the truthfulness of the phenomena and so 'asks of what he saw as being of the same class as wooden nutmegs and finally, " Judge Edmonds sends such statements. regarding Mr, F step." that the Spiritual Magazine will have nothing to do with him, and especially intimates suspect his that the akin-writing might be pro- duped by very natural causes. \- Mr. Foster, then, being in this uncertain state as regards his brother spiritualists, our opinion on him hill perhaps be the loss important We quite agree with the Spiritual Magazine that he is " a remark able medium," but whether for good or evil - whether remarkably good or remarkably bad- we cannot pronounce. We certainly cannot say; that he is an impostor, because through Iwo.moi'tnl hours, when we were in his society, there was nothing or next to nothing done. The solitary facts got by Mr. Fowler from the spiritual world,outofaboutsevoiv by or eighty guesses and direct and absurd fail restore the spelling out of the name of John Hill a writing tliesamonamo very badly backwards by the spirits when Mr. Foster's hand,poncil,and paper were under the table and Mr. Foster's displaying his arm with the word " John" coarsely scribbled in red letters about three or four inches long upon his arm. By the way, it was the word " John" and nothing else, which, as Mr. Leighton tells us in the Spiritual Magazine that he also saw on Mr. Foster's arm. Further than this we saw nothing except the dreariest mistakes. So you in sealed envelopes with names inscribed were placed by the circle on the table, One alone was read by Mr. Foster, and it was that one which the writer had purposely placed in a thin envelope, and had intentionally made legible through the envelope. The spirit answering to this name was kind enough to appear ; but it happened to be the name of a fictitious person, and though it tapped, in answer to the question "Why did you leave England ?" "Because I was discontented," yet as the person and the fact were alike fictitious, but little can be made of this revelation of the spirit of a person who never existed. The pellets inscribed with the named of departed friends were manipulated, and about once in twenty times they came right, but beyond the name ' no other converse with the spiritual world was vouchsafed. Further than this we have nothing to say of Mr. Foster. He rolled his eyes occasionally, and twisted his mouth ; but we are bound to say that his conlon tions were not extravagant for the ecstacy of the prophet appalling. 'it was altogether a more richly dull affair. As Mr. Foster candidly admitted, everything was against the spirits. There was a frightful aggregate of severe seep ticism. One unfortunate member of the circle was, very early in the séance, denounced as being utterly and painfully uninterested in the fours, though for his many sins he happened to be that one who had read as much of spiritual literature Judge Edmonds, the Spiritual I'clegraph teacher, Jackson Davies, Mr. Howitt, and the Spiritual Magazine as most men in England. And so ends as begins our experience of Spirit talismans a " remarkable medium." We really did, by dint of perseverance, and in the proportion of about one cup out of twenty, get as far as the surprising results of the mere and single name of John Hill and in a selection of a dozen towns, on one occasion, the town of Singapore was, after a failure, got-we will not say guessed out of seven or eight other names; Mr. Foster told us that he saw a " literary looking" spirit, who was not, however, so com- municative as might have been wished. And, to be very accurate, and as nearly as we can recollect to say everything we saw all of a sudden Mr. Foster exclaimed, " I am going to have an intimation from the spirit on my arm." And then he made some dreadfully ugly faces as if the spirit was punishing him tremendously ; and then, with a very dexterous sweep of his right hand, he bared his left arm, on which we saw much wondering of course, the single word John, in slightly marked sprawling red characters, and in less than two minutes Mr. Foster drew his sleeve over the word John. But how the said word John was written we know not, and our only thought was that the name John was not an uncommon Christian name, nor a very unlikely one to turn up at some moment or other in the course of two hours, dedicating solely and Christianity to the Jivel by and profitable task of spelling out dead people's names s for further than this we never got. And it also occured to us that the word John, which was the word Mr. Leigh- ton saw might possibly have been in cribed by sympathetic ink before the séance commenced. And this is all we have to say " Story, God bless you. I have none to tell sir." We saw the single word John written in faint red letters on Mr. Foster's . arm and it was rather like Mr. Foster's own writing, which is a singularly bad and ill-formed, as well as ill-spelt MS. And we received from the spirit world the words John Hill, written thus- fish shop; and, a"we said.Mr.Foster handed the pencil and paper to the spirit who performed this remarkable art of caligraphy, while Mr. Foster's own hand was also under the table. And to say the truth, this was rather dear at two guineas 3 and we are afraid that our excellent host got sadly laughed at for his loss of money. The circle certainly lost good deal of time and some little temper and it only did not go to sleep because it was just as well to see the, absurdity out. If any of our readers are disposed to test severity these experiences, it is enough to say that probably just the same results will attend just the same mode of conducting a source. If people go to a medium ready, and desirous to be impressed and on the look-out and expectation for marvels, most likely marvels will come. The dicipiUiv will attend the populars vast decide. But, as in this instance which we have narrated, if the enquirers will simply do nothing not interfere with the medium, nor perplex him, not ask questions, not start difficulties, not launch theories or investigate, but simply do nothing and if with all the dulness stupidity, apathy, and insouciance which on this occasion so evidently annoyed and baffled'AIr-(we mean the spirits) they will only quietly open their eyes and their ears, and shut their mouths and see what the spirits will send them-why in that case as in our own, there will be most likely nothing to tell. We must be distinctly understood as giving no opinion whatever as to what happens under other circumstances at Mr. Foster's séances. We have only to speak of a single experience, and we have nothing to say about it. Be offices, as well as a notice, said. The oracle, when we visited the tripod, was dumb. Such things, we frankly own, have happened even at Dodona or Delphi. Most likely other postu- lands may be more lucky or more credulous and a certain amount of? sympathy as, we can quite understand, necessary to raise the veil of sis. We do not deny that to other-), more fortunate than ourselves, the affirmative votes are only given when the right paper is touched." in our case they were given when the wrong paper was touched, and the wrong letters on the card pointed at Far be it from us to deny that a hand-" plainly a hand, about which hand there is no mistake rises above the mystic table. We only say that no hand was revealed to us ; nor was the offer of any such are and made Nor, again, do we say a single word against Sir. Foster's good faith. As to the word '* imposture," it is singularly inapplicable as far as this single testimony goes. Imposture implies something imposing and somebody taken in by it. Here there was nothing to impose. We record our own experience simply because, as the things fashionable, it may be somebody's else luck to draw a blank. A gentleman who writes in The Times, has evidently had a prize. Some people have a run of luck. Mr. Foster himself has his harvest at present and no doubt the many guineas he got will be more than doubled by the clover but cautious advertisement which appeared in The Times of Thursday. Let him make hay when he eau ; plenty of other vultures will swoop down on the carcase of British credulity. Mr. Foster will not have it all his own way-or will not have it long. Not only is the Spiritual Maga- sine sulky, suspicious, or envious, but a worthier Yankee medium is on the sea. Mr. Charles Colchester, so favourably spoken of by Mr. Coleman in his American excursion, is expected by the middle of March and no doubt from the collision of prophets the outside world I may learn" something. 