MY DEPoBY TIP. irxM,--ii» i-rj.iijis.»:.iinY. , , (From the Londm Punch.) ? Well, now, I don't know bow to begin with my pro phecy, and I almost wish t,lut Mr. Punch hadn't asked me to do it for him, I mean that I don't wiah I bad asked him to let me, For I never made prophecy be foro, you know, except after it hnil happened, the event I mean, and thnt isn't exactly a prophecy, which meaiis the foretelling of events that never Inppcn. I think that Dr. Camming might. havo dono i:, only you aco that roverend docs not attend races, and so be could not be supposed to bo up in the horses, frr you can't havo races without horses, you know, except races of ginger, hod it would bo ridiculou.i to prophecy thout ginger, you mutt sec that, quite rldiru'.ouj, mill you might burn your mouth, liko tho man in the South eating tho roa to Norwich— no, ho couldn't cat n roud, could he 1— that's not right. Stop, doesn't Sli'.il:jpere — groU crea ture,— Sbakspcro — sny something about seeming in running to devour tha w.iy! Couldn't devour whey you know, curd] you might though, lut you can't pro phecy about curds, except si far as n/.yinp, they iuo very nasty. What was I saying? Oh', yea, ginger, and curds and prophecies. . Well, only ono hnrao can win, that ia quite certain, and ho must be the winner, unless ho comes in after another ; then he'll ba second, 01 more than that— aecond-hntul, in fact — a second-hand horse. You wouldn't liko that, would you? Stop though, all horses must he secoud-hami, mil™ you grow them yoursolveo. ? Grow thim— li that rliiht?— do .horsea grow? Oi course, they do, souio are tsller tbnn others, undsosoinp.o! them must be filinilcr, it's ridiculous to say that horses dou'tgruiv like treeii, Certainly they do, ami blow like trees nUn— will anybndv tell me that horses don't blow? .1 dure any that Miss'Todd blew— at lefcit her horse — sho only blew i;p when Lord Kuox was bad up before Kaaex — stop, that's not right. Ksaex is n county, and has calves; tlili was a copchnmn, he hadn't calves, lootnnn havo ailvc* though, which they Blit'k— at least, they slick'pm out behind. But Epsom ia not in V.tax, quite the revers', Epsom ia in the Dowi s, where the British fleet woa in o.-od vhen B ack eyed Susan came 011 board. I liko M.ick eyes, you I now — nut such a* you get fighting, of conr-*, but a lad.v'u black eyes, though very few ladies have black eye*, I've re marked that, and a man that would ntrikealadydestrvea to be banged— but I don't mean that sort of eyes. All in theDowns though— how can that be? ships can't be moored on dry land: but you'll say Epsom isn t alwavs dry. Anyhow, a ship can't sail there, ridiculous. Epsom salts are not the salt sea, you mu3t see that. But about horses, Where's the list ? List, as Hamlet says to tbe ghost, because a' ghost on tbe stage walks in Hat slippers, very proper. Ace of Club3 — lhat's a queer name for a borae— horses don't go to clubs— assea do thongh, I believe. He's to prepare the way for a Whitewall crack. What's the good of preparing for a crack in a whito wall ; better stop it up, eb— stop, yes, quite proper; then when the crack cornel you won't jump. Well, he won't win, unless bo's thrown down on tho tablo, and you can't throw a horse on tho table, though you can a pony. Next is a long -vord. Argo — dessay it's a mistake for cirgo, these papera ore so ignorant — stop, Argonaut. Nought means nothing, and that's his chances. To be sure, Wells rides him, if he don't ride something else, and wells are deep you know. WelU? Ah! When he's in tbe saddle le's Sadler's Wells, eh? I'll send that to Punch. Stop, I can't do that because I am at Epsom, nnd Sadler's Wells is at Islington, ridiculous. Well, hero's Brighton ; I don't mean the place, Park-lano super mare, you know, but the horde. I think he has done nil he knows, bos Brighton, and it's very pleasant to go down and dine at the Bedford, and this asparagus is monstrous good— not monstrous asparagus, 1 don't like that ; it should be small and green like an amethyst — no, ame thysts are not green ; my aunt wears one, and she isn't green neither — quiio the reverse. I suppose I mean an emerald ; but emeralds are not like asparagus, you must see that. Cat — cat — yes, Caterer, that's the com parative of cat, caterer or more cat: very good namo, eaiily said, sounds like ' flatterer ;*' but I shan't flatter this cat — this comparative cat — a horse a comparative catl Comparisons are odious;. so aro cits to some people, not me, 1 like them when they don't scratch. I don't think Caterer will scratch— horses don't scratch yon know— I think he won't bo scratched, hut I don't think he'll be tho first to scratch against the winning post. Clarissa colt, she must be a daughter of Mr. Cult, who revolved pistols in hia mind. What would be the good of that, and what use is a pistol at a race, unless it'snpredestinirian race, andyouwan'ttostnrtie tho men — at least not startle 'em, or they wouldn't run well, of course, but Clarissa— what a pretty name, rhymes to Uailowo— no, it dou't neither, what made mo think of that? Well, she won't win— stop, it isn't a she, hut a colt. But they are all colts ; it's quite ridiculous calling one by a she-Christian name, it's bigamy. No, it isn't quite thst j but she won't win, whether her father fires a pistol or not. Cellarius, that's a good name; there used to be a polka called tbe Mazutkt polka— what's that got to do with it ? Now what put polking into my head ? Wo. don't come to Epaom to polk, do we ! When I was at school I learned a Latin word— I don't mean only one, heaps, millions, hut one which I think waa cellarius, and meant ' very fast,' and if this is a very fast horse the name is good, which co nes of having a gentloman'a education. Everybody should know Litin, then we should all be gentlemen. Stop, I don't want that though ; who'd clean the boots? Boots must bo cleaned you know, but the Lntins didn't wear boots, whicli accounts for it. The Latbi horse won't win. Now here's a long one. I should like ta sneeze beforo I try it, fur I slmll never be able to sneeze in tbe middles of that borse, liko a Centaur. Bat it's no use, I can't — Cnractacus. I've rend of him, and how he envied Napoleon a humble cotta^o in ltome. Stop, was it Na poleon ? Yes, In w«s King of Home, that's quite right; hut ic was ridiculous to envy a humble cottiie, he might ns well have envied n humble-hec. 'Jhia horse— I cin't say him again— he has lieon doing something nt Bath, persapa getting liis head Bhnved, to make him run lighter, and he frightens sotno of tliem— I nm not frightened, a nobleman ought nuvor to bo frightened; noblesse oblige, you know ; cot that nil the nobility U obliging -quite tho reverse; my undo i«n't, for he won't let me come Into his title, which it nepotism. This hor.io may win, if he can — that I nm noirly certain about. Now we enme to The Marqnis. What nonsonse snying 'the' MarqniB, au-i not faying of where— not .Marquis of Wore, I don't mean thnt, hut of some place, and Wnro would do as well as anywhere. But perhaps n hono wouldn't like to bo a Marquis. I mean n Mar quis tnlgbn't like to be a horse, and havo hia namo in tbe mouth of all the legs. Stop; do legs havo moutha ? I supposa so— I have he.rd of gout in the gums, nnd that orcouuis for it. Wall, na The Marquis Is n noble man— that is, n noble horse, ho may have the blue riband, which is the order of the garter, you know, nud it id always ijivcn to tbe winner of the Derby, and Lord Derby Ua Knight of tho Gnrtor, though he never won, but tho moral is the same. But a Duke's higher than a Marquis, though not higher than a ina'qiico, or else he couldn't go hiBido It, you muet see that, and luro is Duke Kollo. Somo say Wells may rido him, bnt he oan'i ride him and Cargo together— unless he puts » leg on eaoh and stands upright, and I dou't think the Jockey Club would stand (hat. Auyhow a duke is moro outitlcd to a bluo riband tbnn an anonymous Marquis, you must agree to that. Now. then Zetland, he's a freemason, at lease Lord Zetland U, so ZMnnl must be a free and accepted horsa, don't yon seo ? l'anoy a bor»e n mason— wouldu't inind being fired, th ? I'll a's good, monstrous good. Now for another. Lord Glas gow's c. What's Lord Glasgow's 0. Ho isn't a bishop, iahe? Hidioulous, bishops don't keep raoers. Dam— I dou't mean that, you know, but n uininma, n motlior iu fact, n parent nt it were. Dam by Orlando nut of Brown Beas, also another by Barbatus out of Brown Bos. Then that must bs tbe uncle of the other ; come, I do understand a pedigree if I don't undcrstnud any thiog else, which 1 do. Tbon nn undo and nephew arc to run against ono another. That's more nepotism. And Stockwell is the father of one. That'll » good father, but what tbe horso want* is a godfather. Why don't Glargow name hit honca ? I suppose bo's n Pcodo b.iptis'. As for W»rmhister, if it isn't a mistake for Westminster, where tho abbey in, you know, and Parlia ment, only Parliament's all at Kpsom tc-day. - War miu8ter's a winning kind of name, only you don't win with your name, except when you nro a lord, and want to be married, ami as for Ensign, why bluss you, ray ooutiu Bill's an ODfi^u, and ha can't run a bit. To bs sura that's rijht, because a Briliih noliller— Bill's an officer, but the moral Is the same— I »ay a Uritieh moral officer ought not to run, nnd then Exchequer, what a name. I've heard of runs oo tbe Bxchequur, but never of an Exchequer running, though Mr. Gladstone runs on any timo. Fnn;y Mr. Gladstone ninoing fir tbe Dciby, quite inconsistent, I should sny, aud ho hnd bettor be taking off taxei than squandering his time down there, drinking champagne, which is snro to disagroe with' him and ninko him frnolious, liko a baby whon you givo him rhubarb on your finger, though I dare say Mr. Gladstone's champagne ii not of rhubarb, and in deed ha is not hero, which accounts for it, besides JEx ohiquer being scratctod. Keptunus is the enmo as Neptune, who was the jrud of the inferior regions, nnd if ao, must ba an interior horse, and not likoly to win, though ho struck tbo earth and cariled off Porcupine to bo queen down thero. Stop, was her namo 1'orcupine or Prospero? It could not iuvo been Prospero, because I havo seen Mr. Maoready play thnt, but tluu, to bo suro, it was a icvlval, which is different. Also, I think it wos Plato, at loiit, I know eoiiubody reasoned well, and therefore he may win after nil; for Iliore goes c*ga to tbe roasting of reason, No, you can't roast reasons, though you may bnko tnisinn — something wrong there. Malak was thu namo of Mr. Costa'a opera, and I ro member that did not run, so perhaps this will not, and if he does not run he can't conduct nn opera, wliich Mr. Costa can, nobody better, an! heroiiSt. A'cxis. Putting a saint in a rnoe, wh»t Puioyisto I I supposs that's in compliment to Mr. Gladstone, who baa no business hero at nil, ho hami't, And indeed he li not here, fur it would not do to have a horse-racing Lord Chancellor, who has quit) enough to do to feed bis seals. Stop though, the seals feed him, I havo heard— I must nek Dr. Sclatcr tha next time I go to tbo theological gardens— they call 'cm that because fellows go tbore on , Sunday. Well that's about a'.l,- arid !I.Muuld like to tmeze. Eli? But I lnven't prophesied after all. Wei, that is ridiculous onough. Prophesy, lot's seo, I'm t - foretell what is to como, that is what u to come to the post, and ooiuo first. Well, nobtcise oblige, don't you nee, at least you don't see bis roof, and I don't live under Ik, excopt whan I'm acting, but tlio. moral is tbo same. I menu that it wouid'nt do, you boo- . Eh ? O, why you must seo that I could only prophesy one wny-it would be suoh n bad compliment to our Ainciican cousins— at least, I10 isu't an American, nor thy ooulin, but IperforuiB (bat part, which accounts lor it. I rould'nt meutiou anybody but Buckstonc. I want to succze. 