SYDNEY NEWS. AUSTRALIAN GENERAL ASSURANCE COMPANY.-The halt-yearly genoral meeting of the Australian General Assurance Company was held on Friday, Mr T. Fanning in the chair. The statement of the Company's affaira »bowed that the premiums on insurances efTeotod during the half-year had amounted to ¿.4190, and the charge», bad debts, etc , to £122J. A sum of £19,369 remained to the credit of prout and loss account A dividend at the rate of 20 per cent per annum on the paid up capi- tal waa recotumendetl to bo paid The insurances ef- fected during the half-year amounted to ¿161,256 , and tue outstanding risks at its close to £92 230, to insure whioh would take £2826 Though no adjusted claim re- mained outstanding, tho dirootors bad recently heard of dam ige to VCSBOIS insured by the Company, which might entail considerable los», but it wa» confidently hoped that tin» could be paid out of the profits for the year justended, after allowing the dividend. The report was adopted, Mes»rs I1'. Panning and J do V. I amb were elected director», and Mr John Brown wa» elected direo tor in placo ot Mr W ilioivn The dividend wa» de- clared payable on and after the 14th.- Abridged from Herald July 12, KUBDKRT or I BOORT -The I' mpirc'i Burrangong cor- respondent write» -Burrangong, Jmy 3 Hie escort leUon Monday morning, with 1173 ounces 15 penny- weights b grain» o gold, in the usual manner, four men jammed up the ina co ich fixed in a way the very best that hum in mgei mty could suggest tor prevent ing them from repelling any attack made by ronber» lho Lachlin e>co t was successfully, stopped, because there wire no outrider» or look out attending In \iototit, lim m foimcd, two outridei» go lu advance, t»o men ude by the »i le of tim co tob and two min rido in the rear Now every military man know», a» well as mos civilians, that it is a very tiiflerent thing toutttck men wini Imvt an advanced guard instead of coolly | lcking oil men who can be talton unawares, and who, from their portion, are nuable to make a fight lho Government bus been repeatelly warned that, sooner or later, the escorts from theso digging» would be robbed, and yet no steps were taken to place tho men and gold in security. I1 ven after the Lachlan osent has beon robbed the men are allowed to travel m just the tame manner as they did before, and it i» an absolute ceitainty that before long you will havo another account sjnt you ol a fresh attack, and moro gold taken " CRNTSAI CRIMINAL COURT -TIIDRBDAY, 10m JULT. (Before the Chief Justice)-Manuel Floras, a native of Manila, was indicted tor feloniously stabbing one Hassan, on the 28 li April, on boird the British barque Marion, on the high seas, with intent to kill and murder him A second count charged bim with stabbing with intent to do grievous bodily hann Guilty ot unlawfully wound- ing. Iwo years' har) labour on the road»-Andrew I raser wa» indicted tor stealing two geldings, the pro- perty of Thoma» Baiioy, at Uiohrao d, on the 21st January. Not guilty Discharged-ITriday, June II (Before Mr. Justice Wise). James Byrne» MBB in- dicted for the commission of a rape upon the person of a female child named Ann Byrnes, at Campbelltown, on the 10th May, 1839. Guilty of an UBsau.lt with intent, len years' hard labour on the roads-Ibe piisoner Blood, convicted on a previous day of manslaughter, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, with hard la- bour, in Parramatta gaol -William Irving was indicted for tbe misappropriation of certain property belonging to the Commercial Bank at Kiama, of which lie waa trustee, with intent to delroud. Not guilty. lhere was a charge of fraudu ent inBoIv;enoy against the prisoner , but the orown not being prepared to go on with it, he was dtBcharged on hi» own reoognizinoe» of £200, to ap- pear and take his trial when oslled on -Abridged from the_S M Herald. 1 IIB LiFKCTS OF MACHINERY-The introduction of a saw mill on the Laohlan gold field has h id the effect of reducing the price of sawn timber from 40s to 20« per 100 feet, in two months. Tilt HOMEWARD BOUND CIAIM-Tie lucky share- holders in this claim, consisting of Cornish miners, and men from Hie other southern counties, bade adieu to the Lachlan on Monday morning One of the parties took with him, as hi« sbareof golden luck £5,30U, tho others pocketed from £4,000 to £4,500 each, with wbtoh com fortablo little fortunes they Btart for their native land with the intention of settling down for lite-Lachlan Observer, July 9 THE WOMBI, RUSH-There are about 500 miners at work on the new rush, a mile beyond the township of v\ oinbat The greater part of ti em are at work, but a numhir are hanging on The groun 1 is patchy and un- certain, and bar« aro frequent, although the best of the gold is found at a uniform depth lhere are about fifty holes on the gold, pi} ing generally from half an ounoe to an ounce to the load,-Burrangong Courier, July 9. jkyjw«rcirsr«afw>w»vi *s**\\-~t**~'iy m<Mr« iMpiiaju.Mjwiw «»«wixi» VtfAh Aüciiis.fT'-Slr. '.tef, a feraier) T>!¡« lie»., ff?' I ildïd in tills district fur filan? jcSfüi hua fast with a tyr,t ¡ accident. The tinforf.Uîiato «lan loft his home for tim purpose of looking after some of his cattle, and on his | "way'oaTledatthe hut of Johii'Hagan; a sly grog'seller, who resides on the estate of Mr. Hdward Flood, where he partook of several glasses of spirits, and was nearly in- toxicated when ho left Ragan's. He (Biker) had pro- i oeeded only a short distance when he galloped his horse after some cattle, and, in the pursuit, knocked his head against a tree with such force that ho died on the fol- lowing morning, leaving a wife and a large family. The sly grog selling having been dearly proved against Rugan, he was fined £30 and costs,-Herald't Carcoar Correspondent. GOLD REOKIVBD BT ESCORT- A larger outntity of gold has reaohed the Mint this week, than during any other week sinoe the gold discovery. The total amount reoeived was 22,043 ounces, of whioh about 15.0D0 ounoes wore from the Laohlan alone. No Northern esoort has arrived this week, bnt about 600 ounoes were reoeived by the new esoort from the Gulf digging«. We are informed that in consequenoe of the supposed risk in sending by the Government esoort from the Laohlan and Burrangong, a considerable amount of gold has been brought down by private hand during the la«t few weeks. Of this, of course, no reliable returns are procurable. There is every probability that next week's receipts by esoort will also be very large.-Empire, July 11. A bazaar in aid of the funds of tbe Balmain Behool of Arts was opened on Thursday, in the hall of the new building Mr. W. F. Reid, son of the Rev. John Reid, of the Mariners' Ohnrch, ha» bren elected minister of the United Presbyterian Church, Queanbeyan, with a guaranteed stipend of £150 per annum and afree hoiiBe. A meeting of the Acclimatioation Society's Council was held on the 7th. A letter from the Beoretary of Lands, promising that a sum of £100 should be placed on the estimates, for the construotiop of tanks for the propagation of certain valuable fish, was read. Dr. Benpett brought under notice specimens of the rica paper plant, of Ohma, which flourished in this oolony, and would furnish useful material for the manufacture of solar hats ; and the Secretary was instructed to state that persons desiroul of cultivating it could obtain young plants or suckers from the Director of the Botan io Garden. SDDDK» DEATHS -Two old men died very suddenly at Goulburn-Darby l.eoehpy on the 6th, and Joseph Pig- gott on the 7th-of apoplexy. j ALIGNMENT OF GOOLBURS STREETS-The alignment I posts are now in course of erection, and when painted will give a moro civilized appearanoe to the streets of the town than they have hitherto pr-sented The post* are very large and solid, and promise to be more than usually durable. Tho prioe at vvhioh the work bas been taken is ten shillings per post - Goulburn Herald. Mr. James M. Beattie, telegraph station-master at Moama, has Bued the former proprietors of the line for £200 of salary due to him. The case was tried in the District Court at Deniliquin and lasted four days, when the jury gave a verdict tor plaintiff, for £ 124--Pastoral Times, July 4. A PASTHRIL AND AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION.-The Vans Courier says it is in contemplation to form a pas- toral and agricultural association in that town, fir the purpose of holding periodical exhibitions of the general produce of. the vast and rich distrusts of the South, cor some years past, many of our stockownor« have in- troduced from Germany and Franoe, rams of the right sort, at great expense, the progeny of whioh will, no doubt, be brought forward at our first exhibition. SUDDEN DEATII-"In the midst of life we are in death," has during the past week been truly verified. John Jeffery, a resident of this neighbourhood over twenty years, whilBt in the aot of plouijhing, on Friday last, suddenly dropped dead from disease of the heart. Deceased was fifty-four years of age, a native of Bristol, and bad been in the colony about thirty-four years. Wynyard Times, July 8. The Braidwood papers i eport the death by drowning in a waterhole at Reedy Creek of a young man named Miohael Molloy. _ How the drowning occurred is a matter of uncertainty. TUB ESCORT ROBÜBRY-A telegram received by the Inspector General of Police, announcing tho capture by Sir F. Pottinger and party of two men supposed lo have been concerned in the late robbery of the Lachlan escort, WOB read by Mr Cowper in the Assembly yesterday af- ternoon. The tolegram stated that Sir Frederick had, on the 7th instant, passing through an outstation not far from YY'aggi YVagga, come upon three mounted men, each leading spire horses. One of the men managed to escape, but the others, who gave the names of Daoey and Turner, were oaptured. On the person of Dacey was found £2 15s , nnd on that of Turner WRB found £185 in notes, and on his «addie an escort bag containing 185 ouncos of go d. A dosperate attempt to escape was made by Turner after boing led bock to the station, but the sight of a revolver frightened him. No information rebooting their absconding mate could bo obtained from the prisoners. The telegram proceeds to desoribe the absoonder and tbe spnre horse taken from him. Sir F. Pottinger was accompanied only by Mr. B. Mitobell and' deteotive Lyons.-Ilerald, July 12. GOLD FROM THE LACHLAN-The Southern and Western Escorts havo brought down this wcok 22,013 ounce«, tho particulars of which appeared in yeBterday*« issue. In- formation reaohed the Government yesterday to the efleot that an additional and special e-cort had been despatched from the Laohlan with 10,0e0 ounces, whioh is ei pee tod to reach the Mint sometime during to-day or to- morrow. This will make the total quantity in one week Upwards of 32 OOOonnces - fmpire, July 12. Tim MORUYA SILVER MINISO COUPANT -At a meeting of the shareholders of the Moruya Silver Mining Company, held yesterday, at the offices of the Company, Spring Btreet, Sir William Manning, Messrs. R. J. Want, J. L. Montefiore, Saul Samuel, and J B. Rundle, were eleoted the first directors 'of the Company, and Messrs. John Brewster and B. Buchanan, auditors-Herald July 12. ANTI-STATE-AID-A meeting called by advertise- ment of the Btanding oommittee appointed at the Anti State-aid meeting, on Monday last, was held yesterday af'ernoon in the ofliceB liberally offered for that purpose, of Mr Geoffrey Lagar Motions wero duly proposed acd osrned, appointing Mr G Engar chairman of the committee, Dr Bowman, treasurer, and Rev. G. H. Stanley secretary pi o 'em Resolutions were also, after diBoiiBsion, adopted, to the following effeot -1 To appoint a sub committee to oollect and arrange all accessible information on the question of dtate-aid, with a view to moll information being condensed and published in a popular form 2 To authorise members of oommittee to soliot donations towards an Antl-btate-aid Fund, on »tibsonption papers to he furnished and signed by the treanurei J To arrange for helping to get up a series of public meetings in tho Buburba and neighbourhood of sydney in favour of the abolition of State-aid, and the forwaidingof petitions to tho Legislature to the same efleot It was also moved and carried unammou ly, ' That no measure for the settlement of the State-aid question will be satisfactory to this oommittee unless it makes explicit provision tor the abolition of bohedule C" Balmain and Newtown were named as the t lace» where the oarliest surburban meetings would most likely be hold -5 1/ Herald, July lo IN HXPENSIVE IÍISORDERLT-Lait evening about nine o'clock an inco i igible eilender, weU known to the publio, of the name of M ina Monks, was oreating a aisturbance in Pitt street, opposite the theatro, und being in a drunken »tate, constable Gaskon took her in charge As he proceeded along, the woman heoamo mo-it uproarious kicking and | lunywg at a furious rate, which caused an immense, orowd to follow, when on passing Mr I'oirson's, the hair tlreaset'a shop, lu Market street, the people pushed up against both the policeman and his charge, pitotnng not only lum but the woman and a person in tho orowd into Pearson's window, breaking i a large pane of glass 9 feet by 41 feet, valued at fourteen pounds, besides smashing a nnmber of bottles and ornaments f>o bUmo whatever can attach to tho const ii lo, who was doing In» utmost to keep the orowd i/ora pressing upon him -hmpire, July IO, TAKIVO IT COOLLT-On lues lay evening last, about nino o'clook, Mr. Humphrey, watchmaker, called at the SmytheBiUlo Camp and gave information that, a few minutes before, at the Chinese Camp, at a abort dis- tance from tho roadside, he had heard loud erica of " Murder ' " A lantern was procured, and some of the constables, accompanied by their informant, proceeded to the spot in question, where they found twenty or thirty Chinamen stindini, round an old shaft, from whom they learned that the shaft was about fifty feet deep, and tbat some wayfarer had gone down rather precipi- tately to the bottom. Senior- constable hhelly then pro aeede f to the mouth of tho shaft and called out, " Who's there !" " Scotch Jock," shouted a voice at the bottom "Are you not killed?" asked tho constable "¿id yon evor know a drunk man killed yet," roared Jock in reply A rope was then lowered, but Jock shouted out to them on the top to givo him time to gather np hu marketings, which consisted of bread, butter, tacks, bristles, Ac, &a; Having collected all tbe scattered articles he wa» hauled up safe and sound, ana on look- ing over his miscellaneous store, he found that not a ?ingle item was missing, with the exception of the butter, whioh had, bo concluded, been taken by tho Chinamen, and whioh, he thought, they deserved for their trouble - Grenville Advocate, 56th June. TUE SWEBAOE KATES -A casa which excited con- siderable interest, and which afforJed a complete refuta- tion ot the adage that "a man who u his own lawyer has a fool for his client," carno before the District Court josterday The Mayor and Corporation of hydney had sued Mr W Moffitt, stationer, Pitt-itreet, for a sewerage rate for twolve month» ending June 30tb, 1862 This oase wai looked upon by many penoni, in a similar position to Mr. Moflitt, aa likely to decide tbe question of the power ot the City Counoil to recover the amounts alleged to be due for sewerage ratei, but nothing whatever was decided, and the matter stands at the present time precisely where it was before the oase wa» oommonoed. Besides their own solictor, the plaintiff bad retained Mr. Faucett, the barrister, to conduot then case, but Mr Moflitt was unassisted, and conducted bia own case. The claim was for £11 odd, and wai for a year'» rates made up of two half years-from 1st July 1861, to 30th Tune, 1862. Mr. Moflitt urged »evetal objection», one being that the plaintiff« could not jom two period» of lix months each in sepáralo yean in one rate became, ID the first place, the uiniment or valuar t ! tien çf tito prumlnc'! for «BJÜÍI IL« tutes. i*oro (lenmiH'etl «m hted «t tt Jorrar ottm In 1363 to »list It bud boon in ¡051, while tho sum sued for waa calculated on tho higher valuation ; and, Beoondly, that as the term of ofiics of «evora! of the aldermen who ordered the rate to be levied, terminated in December 1861, they could have no right to order a rate in respect of six months of the following yeBr. The result of the matter was, that Mr. Faucett withdrew the case, intimating that he should advise his olients to take the matter into the Supreme Court.-Abridged from Empire, July 21. EMBEZZLEMENT IN THE TELEGRAPH DEPARTMENT - On Friday, David Dunstan was brought before the Water Police Court by remand, under the charge of having fraudulently and feloniously embezzled the several sums of £3 4s. 6d., £22 9s. 6d., and £350 (portion of a sum of £936 0s. 3d.), which were the moneys of her Majesty the Queen, received into the possession, custody, and control of prisoner, in virtue of his employment in the public service. He was also charged with having feloniously stolen the said moneys. From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner had held a situation in the telegraph department as "money order clerk" The superintendent having certified an amount for £22 9s. Od., due by the department to MessrB. Ashdown and Co., had handed a oheque for that amount to the prisoner, whose duty it was to countersign and enter it, and pay the amount to Messrs. Ashdown and Co. A cheque for £3 4s. Cd., due to Messrs. Fairfax and Sons, was also handed to the prisoner by the superin- tendent, to bo countersigned, entered, and paid. A third cheque for £936 Os. 3d. had been handed by the superintendent to the prisoner, that it might be oashed, and the proceeds applied to the payment of certain salarios, acoording to a list prepared by the prisoner. On the 12th June the superintendent told the prisoner he wanted to go through his books, particularly the money order books. In reply, he said ho had left the bank pass book at home, and if allowed, he would go and get it. He traB allowed to go, but did not return. Neither Mesara Ashdown'« account nor Mosers, Fairfax's aooount had been paid, and also a month'B «alary to the manager at the West Maitland station, included in the list referred to, bad not been paid, The prisoner's books had, when examination had taken place at various times, appeared oorreot; end as a obequo had been drawn for the aooount of Messrs. Ashdown, it appeared in the books as if p< id, but there was no vonober that would be a reoeipt for the payment. Tho cheques had been cashed at the bank. The prisonor was committed for trial nt the next Griminal Court; bail allowed in £200, and two sureties in £200 each.-Abridged from the Herald, July 12. 8TDNET CITY MISSION -A public meeting was held in the Temperance Hall, Pitt street, on Friday evonmg, for tlw purpose of establishing a Sydney City Mission, on ti e basis of the I ondon City Mission The hall was crowded on the ocoaaion. The Hon John Campbell, M L C, was moved to the chair. Mr H Short read a statement shewing that a Benes of conferences had re- cently bean held in Sydney, at whioh the want of suoh an institution waB brought under notice, tho proposal for establishing one was unanimously approved, and rnles were drawn up with the view of submitting them to a pubho meeting. On the motion of the Rev. S O Kent, seconded by Mr. JuBtice Wise, and supported by the Rev. J. Voller it wa» resolved-" That the spiritual condition of a large portion of the inhabitants of this oity renders the establishment of a City Mission in Sydney highly _ desirable " The Rev. S Iionside moved the adoption of a series of nine rule» to form the constitution of the City Mission. The resolution was seconded by the Itev. A. IhomBon, and carried unani- mously '1 he following portion of the rule» will show the object» of the society, and the modo m which it is propoied to purBue them -" H The design of tin» society is to promote the extension of Evangelical re- ligion, without roference to denominational distinctions -Ill lo effeot this objeot, missionane» of approved charaoter and qualifications, who shall give themselves to the work, Bhall bo employed and paid by the institu- tion. Their duty ahalt boto visit from house to house in the respective distnots that shall be assigned to them, read the scriptures, engage in religious conversation, and urge those who are living in the neglect of religion to ob- serve the sabbath, end to atten d pu blia worship, they shall also, as far as possible, seo that ull persons possess the Sonptures, shall distribute approved religious tracts, and aid in obtaining Scriptual education for tho children of the poor. Bj the approval of the committee, they shall hold meetings for reading and expounding tho Scriptures and prayor, and »hall adopt such t ther mean» as the committee maj think necessary for the accom- plishment of the mission -IV. J\o person Bhall be recognised as an ofhoe-bearer, or momber ot committee, or be employed a» a salaried agent of the Society, but inch as furnish evidence of personal piety, and believe in the divine authority of the rcriptures, and hold the doctrine» of the Unity of the Godhetd, the Doty of Christ, the Deit\ and Personality of tho Holy spirit tho total depravity of man, salvation through the atonement of Christ, and the renewing ot the Holy Ghost, the ob- ligation resting on all men to repent and believe the Gospel, and the necessity of holiness as an evidence of union with the Savions"-On the motion of the Rev. T. smith, seconded by Mr. Caldwell, it wa» roBolved " That this moeting, recognising the importance of suoh an institution as eminently fitted by the Divine blessing to promote the glory of God, and the salvation of souls, cordially pledges itself to do everything m ita power to sustain iti efficiency." The committee for the enBuing year having been appointed, a vote of thanks to the Chairrr-an was passed, and the meeting separated Mr. A. M'Artnur, M.L A, in moving the vote of thanks, promised to subscribe £25 or £ SO a year to the society, on oondition that nineteen others did the same. Abridged from the S. M. Herald, July 12. The price of gold has fallen, on the Lachlan, to £3 11s tid per ounce 