CHAPTER VII. -- THE BLACK WATER HOLE. DICK had followed the advice or rather the direction of the black, and had gone straight home, conse- quently he was unaware of the uncouth antics so un- becoming in a gentleman of the black's apparent age ; but for all that there was a heavy weight oppressing him which he tried in vain to shake off. The tale of the gin and the occupation of the black would revert to his mind ; but then he thought, what had he to fear from such a shrivelled specimen of humanity- he who was a match for any man of his weight in the whole district-so these thoughts were disposed of, and he resolutely determined upon the interview which was to bring him into acquaintance with the relatives of the little paunchy chinking bag that was already in his possession. As night drew on, the storm clouds gathered thicker and thicker, altogether obscuring the light of the moon ; although the almost constant flashes of lightning that glared around kept up an all but con- tinuous illumination. The rain, too, which had been intermittent during the day, now poured down in one incessant stream, and the rushing of waters in the valleys, with the roaring of the creek now bank high, tied up the short intervals between the loud peals of thunder, and mingling with the boisterous bellowing of the wind, formed a din but little less than that of the vast artillery of Heaven. With the last retiring tint of the setting sun, all of light vanished, and no- thing but an inky darkness remained, save when the brilliant flashes for a moment lit up the scene, and left all in greater darkness than before. No sooner had this darkness well set in, than Dick donned his pilot coat, and arming himself with a stout stick, prepared to set out. Entreaties, tears, warnings, and reproaches from his wife only served to render him more fixed in his purpose, and rudely pushing her aside as she attempted to detain him with gentle force, he sallied forth into the storm. The Black Water Hole had obtained its name from several causes. First from the fact that, though its waters were pure and clear as crystal when poured out, yet, as they lay in the vast reservoir that Nature had prepared for them, they appeared black as jet. Next, the part of the creek in which the hole was situated was rude and craggy, the vast igneous rocks that lay around being black from age as well as from their fiery origin; and the spot, even in the most glaring heat of summer, had a dark, cold murky look, that had at once struck the rude but quickly apprehending minds of the bushmen, and had given a name to the locality. Lastly, the evil repute of the spot, and the accidents that had occurred in its immediate vicinity, had served materially to perpetuate a name so consonant with deeds of violence and blood. But a spot that plays so important a part in our narrative requires a little more particularity of de- scription. The flat upon which we described the farm of Mr. Harland as being situated, continued for about two miles from the station, and then gradually narrowed until the point of a range coming down abruptly to the margin of the creek suddenly terminated it. From this point the waters worked their way through a rude and broken country, at one time appearing as if they had made their way through some vast hill, the banks on either side being sheer rocks, or rather vast precipice, bearing the same cha- racter, and having evidently, at some former day, been connected with each other at another time it seemed as though the neighbouring hills had sought to avenge themselves on the waters for the destruc- tion of their fellows, and had endeavoured to dam up its course by vast rocks and ponderous masses that were cast about on every side. It was on one of these broken rocky spots that the Water Hole was situated. A little distance from the present bed of the creek, it lay in what appeared to have been an old channel of the stream. At the back, the waters were hemmed in by a vast wall of black rock, which towered away to a height of two hundred feet, sheer and unbroken by the slightest ledge. All around were scattered huge fragments from the hills above, that had been hurled down by the storms of ages, whilst between them a narrow track that had been worn by the cattle in their passage to and from water, wound sinuously along to the edge of the hole from the hill above. On the opposite side of the black, bluff rock we have mentioned, a broken spur of the ridge came down almost to the water, but not so precipitously but that the patient herd had found a pathway down its side to the cool and limpid waters of the hole. About two hundred yards farther on some convulsion of Nature had at some remote date thrown down what had evidently been the vast apex of a mountain into the then bed of the creek, so effec- tually damming it up as to force its waters to find another channel. And now the mountain had that singular appearance that one might suppose it to as- sume were some Titan to have shaved off its top, and coolly turned it upside down into the creek, since the place that the vast slip had occupied was clearly per- ceptible, smooth, black, and well-defined, whilst the truant mass had also turned upwards the part which had once fitted on the blank space above, as if desirous of showing the lofty nature of its origin. Enormous trees, torn up by tempests from their hold in the hills above, and whirled down into the dark abyss, lay scattered here and there, making the path amongst the rocks still more complex and difficult ; one of these, bleached by exposure to an, ashen white- ness, lay close by the water hole, its long white branches raised into the air like spectral arms, a dazzling contrast to the black rocks around. This was the log alluded to by the storyteller in the hut ; and on the opposite side of the waters, starting up from between two vast rocks that had compressed and flattened its trunk, was the fig tree also spoken of, its dark- green leaves and sombre shade aiding in no small degree towards the black hue of the waters it overhung. Beneath this tree, whose thick leaves sheltered them even from the watery deluge that was descending, was a smooth stony slab, with a boulder of rock on either side, the three forming a very convenient table and seats on a pinch. By the side of these, in a recess that seemed to have been hollowed out of the mass of rock above, the old black was seated on his haunches tending a fire, which, contrary to the practice of the aborigines, was heaped up with logs and burning brilliantly, throwing around a lurid glare, which, falling upon the dark waters, the black rocks, and the bleached branches around, added materially to the wildness of the scene. The flickering flames falling upon the grotesque masses, caused thousands of fantastic shadows to fall on every side and it required not a highly imagina- tive mind to form these shadows into dancing fiends, exulting in the wreck of the storm around. The old black, however, took no heed of this, but sat glaring into the embers, ever and anon bending his head to listen in the pauses of the storm for the footfall of his expected visitant. At last, the sound he so much desired met his ear, and a demoniac gleam of triumph shone upon his face, though for an instant only ; the next second he was to all appearance calm and impassable as a statue. Dick had threaded his way with caution through the dangerous rocks and along the slippery tracks that led to the place of rendezvous, and at last came within sight of the cheering glare of the old black's fire. Before descending the ridge, he carefully scanned the path before him, and running his eye along the track, it fell upon the water hole and the surrounding objects ; and-- good heavens ! did his eyes deceive him ? No. There sat Bill Hayes upon his colt, just as he had last seen him on the Yass race-course, only deadly pale, and a fierce frown upon his face, whilst his hand raised up in warning, seemed to be vehemently directing Dick to retreat. For an instant Dick paused, horror struck, but as he still looked the old black, with a hasty movement and a few muttered words stirred up the fire. A brilliant flame shot up, Bill Hayes and his colt vanished, and Dick perceived that what he had taken for an apparition was nothing more than the dead log by the water hole. Almost laughing at himself for his fears, Dick now hurried down the path, and in a few minutes came in full view of the black and his fire. The position of the old man added still more to Dick's amazement, for often as he had been at the water hole, he had never recollected seeing this cave , or recess. As this thought struck him, he paused, and as he did so, a shadowy figure seemed to rise from the earth, and seat itself on one of the boulders by the slab at the same time pointing with a gesture of warning to the rude table before it. Again the black muttered and stirred the fire, and all was once more clear. Shaking off his momentary fears, with a bold determined 6ten, Dick approached the black, and' stood beneath the fig-tree. "Well, old fellow, you're pretty snug here," he said ; but the words were scarcely out of his mouth than a slight rustle in the leaves above caused him turn his eyes upward, and there, between the largest fork of the main branches grinned down upon him a horrible countenance, distorted by the last gasping pangs of strangulation. Dick would have shrieked with terror, but that the very excess of dread kept his tongue fast. For a third time, the black muttered and stirred the flame, and a heavy ungainly bird flew out from amongst the branches. " That infernal more-pork, said the black, has been disturbing me all the evening." Dick, however, was not this time so easily assured; " Isn't that," he asked, "the fig-tree where Harry was found jammed !" " The very same," said the black. " Then I'll take my oath I saw him there just now." " Really !" answered the black ironically, "consi- dering Harry has been dead these last seven years you must be exceedingly long-sighted." "I don't mean him," responded Dick, "but his ghost." "His ghost ! well I give you credit for more sense, Dick. Now listen to me, and believe an old man's word. Look after the living and never mind the dead ; it is the former men have to fear and not the latter." "Why, you've got it all like a book," said Dick ; " you certainly are about the rummest gorger that ever I met with." "Nonsense!" retorted the black testily; "we didn't meet here to hold a discussion about ghosts, but for something more worthy of men." 