W. S. O'BRIEN ON THE IRISH QUES TION. (From the Nation). How often have we been told that our Nation ality is dead and buried in the ruins of ages, or tbe wreck of failures ? How often must its ban ner be raised again, to demonstrate the falsehood of tbe assertion ? Tbe instincts of a people are tbe sjift of God; its rights are fixed by His eternal law. Man may contravene them — he can tram ple them down in the bloody mire of battle — he can bolt them out by protocols or parliaments ; but let it be remembered, the deed :s done only for a time, and has but a temporary influence — the victory is to be reversed — the contravention is ^n impediment to Providence, and the protocol a fo-gery. The thought of God is everlasting and ?ru?, and so ot His endowments to m?n and na tions. It is not all manner of rule that is right even when evil grows not of it; but bow strongly will not the distinction be preceived where there is not only wrong, but suffering, as a consequence Eighty years ago Ireland rose up in freedom from tbe dust, where she bad lain in chains ; she wiped tbe sweat of suffering from her brow, and Bung tbe fetters from her love of peace and good will ; she ended the feuis of centuries, by giving her fealty to the English King, that he might issure her independence, whilst heir of his should ie lord in the land ; she vowed an union with tbe English nation, because her interests were onf with it, and England pledged hv-r people, by t\\-.t vioce of her Senate and her Prince, to gu.ird tin rights ot Ireland for ever — those rights beim comprised in the one great privilege of sell legislation, unrestrained, uncontrolled, and in! easible. This state of things was law in tbe land I aigbteen years. Eich enactment of the law Ireland, signed by tbs King in England, wa* new assertion of Irish independence — each sigi, ure of tbe monarch w»« a new testimony o' I ? -h?sion to the principle of our native freedom, and a jjage of his fidelity to the declaration that none but the King, Lords, and Commons, of Ire land should make laws to bind the Irish people. The man who should have attempted to assert any other doctrines in the halls of the legal tribunals of Ireland, or in the palace of the King in Eng and, then would have been a traitor and a crim inal in the eyes of justice, and amenable for his culpabllty. How our fortunes rose in that brief dream of liberty— how our ships went far and wide upon, the sea to bear wealth to the Irish homes— how our manufactures grew and prospered— how tbe the people throve and multiplied ; and tbe song of joy resounded through the land — has been told so often that we need not remind our countrymen of it to-day. History has record of that time of prosperity brilliant enough to make only mare dark the contrast which overwhelms us now with astignant tide of wasting sorrow and wearying hopelessness in our condition. Let it be said that the success of the fleeting but glorious time or fortune to our country was the result of tbe re j c ion of the claim of England to power, and tbe enforcement of the right of Ireland to liberty! Let it be said that England acknowledged that right and ratified that rejection. We need not pass in review the sad conse quences which have followed the suppression of those rights, and the violation of the sacred com pact which guaranteed them. The rights were disavowed, however, and the compact violated. From being a nation Ireland was stricken into the condition of a province. In order to gain the acquiescence of tbe people to tbe Act of Union, pretences were urged on behalf of the British Ministry, whose promise never was fulfilled. The people never acquiesced in it, and it had to be forced at least upon them by means which no man now with a spark of reason in bis brain, or a sentiment of justice in bis heart, would attempt to defend But, strange to say, though the pilfering of our privileges is acknowleged to be indefensible in conception and shameless in exe cution, it is endeavoured to be asserted that the State of things to which it has given rise is beyond impeachment, and ought not to be changed. We will not reason with any man who holds such an opinion ! He might have some support for the position it backs, if the results of tbe union with England were what its movers promised they would be. If we had grown wealthier, more populous, more happy, there might be less dis content in Ireland, and more attachment even to the act ot Gastlereagh's perfily. But it is not so — these ate no halcyon days ir\ Ireland. Tbe peace we enjoy is the silent solitude pictured by the Roman historian in words which the ages have not forgotten. We have perenial famine ; memories of manufacture, the shadow of a trade, and the ghosts of a vanishing people upon a thousand hills, to remind us of our decadence. ., But mournful as is our condition — weakend as \- we are— rbereft of the noblest privileges of a nation — we are not so unfaithful as to forget our trust in right- From time to time some honoured voice is heard amid the hush of our ruin, appeal ing to the heart of the people, and recalling its allegiance to tbe impulses which mingled with our fathers' lives, and rushed in the free current of their blood. Whenever the people have answered back it has been in the attestation of their fidelity ; whenever they have been silent it has been but to think. In another portion of our columns there will be found a number of re solutions which are laid before our countrymen to be subject to their consideration. If there were no other claim upon that consideration than that statement is made by Mr. William Smith O'Brien it is enough to command their attention — but there is another claim. It is the embodiment of a political platform, broad enough to receive Irish hearts tbe most diverse. It was intended to be a basis of political action, and was to have been first offered to the country at the Tipperary Banquet. Tbe illness of The Donoghue interfering with this event, it has been given publication to in the present manner. From no man couM any emanation of the kind have more influence than from Mr. O'Brien, perhaps no other patriot that Ireland p issesses — and, thank God! she is not without them — could so mucu appreciate and prepare for the diversity of opinion amongst Irishmen who love their country. In the first place, it renews the reiteration of tbe right of self go eminent, as one which, promulgated as the creed of the Irish people in '43, they again r peat as theirs. The second resolution is a consequence of the first and declares tbe- necessity of exertion for the attainment of legislative right upon arguments founded upon tbe details ot tbe losses consequent upon its abeyance. The third resolution is one which, in the present state of aff iirs amongst us, is essentially called for in any programme of National views. Parliament has created tbe profoundest disbelief in oar people for any pro bability of good that it will effect amongst them by its measures, and they have been taught to leave any ontrol of their represen tation in the hands of their enemies, rather than use it themselves. This has been a dan gerous policy. Irish constituencies have been grossly misrepresented, and opportunities even of iccomplisbing useful measures utterly lost. If, »y refusing to elect a parti imentary representative, /he people could prevent tbe election of any, this icutrality could be understood : but, if Parlia nent will be filled by enemies to their cause and sentiments, as a conscience, as fi led it will be, io reason can defend a position which would ?ring about such results. For the rest of tb- esolutions, they are eminently practical, and fix nth certainty the dangers to be avoided and the sentiments to be dreaded in tbe conduct of any National action. They fix our attachment to tne principles of social order, of religious obedience, of civil right, and urge the discouragement of Secret Societies. as the pest of Irish patriots' Possibly there could be no explication of the views! of Irish Nationalities more sound and' consistent with every sentiment of duty and ' expedience, and certainly none could be more* definitive of the opinion of the great majority of the people. ,. . Such is tbe object tof the document which Mr. William Smith O'Brien places before his countrymen. He need not fear their acquies cence in it. It will be to them a sign that the land to which their loye is given is not forgotten nor lost to hope. Action may or may not proceed upon it ; but the people are true to the purpose' which is here enunciated by one whose loyalty' to that purpose found him willing to test it with his life. There may have been found those amongst us who have ceased to think of Ireland* —who have passed away to the shrines of more fortunate nationalities and knelt in happier sanc tuaries ; but for us it is a gleam of promise that still there are those who follow this stricken people of ours into the desert, faithful to all their destinies, faithful to their trust in liberty and' glory, and yet more faithful to their solitude and their misery. 