JUVENILE OFFENDERS : THE PUNISHMENT I OF FLOGGING. (From the S. A, Register, February 1.) THE presiding Magistrate of the Adelaide Police Court has recently made an addition to some of the sentences passed upon boys convicted of garden robberies and other petty thefts. He has brought into use a punishment authorised by Act of Parliament, but generally allowed to remain a dead letter. We refer to the punishment of flogging. This, we learn from the police reports published in our columns, has been imposed on several late occasions where the offenders have been boys of hardened character. At the risk of encountering some opposition, we venture to express our approval of the course adopted by Mr. Beddome. We have no desire to see any kind of barbarous punishments revived in this colony, and should object even to the whipping of boys if there was any unnecessary cruelty in it, or if imprisonment without whipping was found to be of any use. But we see no grounds upon which magistrates should be withheld from a judicious application of a punishment such as any father would consider it his duty to administer to a child for even a less offence than that of breaking the laws of the country. There are difficulties in the way of dealing satisfactorily with juvenile offenders which are not fed with criminals older in years, and which make it probable that short imprisonments with whippings, will be found much more likely to check crime in boys than long imprisonments without whippings. In the first place, we have no reformatories in this colony where boys sentenced to imprisonment may undergo a course of treatment calculated to wean them from bad habits. The want of such an institution here has fortunately not been largely felt, as ours is a community in which the temptations for boys to lead dishonest lives are very few indeed. Still there must be occasionally youthful criminals even here, and, as there is no place but the common gaol for their reception, care should be taken lest their treatment whilst there might make them confirmed offenders. This is one reason why only a brief imprisonment is highly desirable. Within the walls of the gaol there are not means sufficient for classifying even grown-up prisoners. Unconvicted females, if sent there are liable to be placed with those who have been convicted, and who are under- going punishment ; whilst male prisoners of all grades have to mix together much more freely than they ought to do, Boys sent to the gaol have therefore to serve their time with old offenders, or else to be separated from them by some temporary means which do not admit of any regular and strict system of discipline. In either case a long imprisonment would be more likely to permanently injure the prisoner than to improve him, whilst the punishment inflicted would not be of a kind calculated to deter him from committing further offences at the earliest opportunity. We believe that many petty crimes perpetrated by boys are allowed to go altogether unpunished on this account. Persons whose gardens and hen roosts are robbed, and who are otherwise annoyed by boys who are the terror of suburban neighbourhoods, often refrain from prosecuting them because they dislike to take a step which may tend to their confirmation in vice. Through this, petty offences against property are carried on with greater impunity than ever, and boys are growing up in and around the city whose precocious disregard of all law and authority threatens to be a source of much future trouble to the whole of the community. We feel satisfied that the best remedy for this state of things is that which Mr. Beddome has begun to administer. A week's imprisonment, with one or two whippings, will, in all probability, have a beneficial effect upon juvenile offenders. A boy of from ten to twelve years of age recently laughed outright in the police court when told by the magistrate that he would be sent to gaol, but he quickly ceased laughing when it was added that he would be flogged as well as imprisoned. The rod has a terror for this class of offenders which is not found in merely depriving them of their liberty, and of keeping them in idleness, with a supply of good food, for a month or two. Besides, the difficulty of keeping them apart from old offenders will not be so greatly felt when they ate confined only for short periods, though on this point it is highly desirable that there should be more accommodation at the gaol for young culprits than is supplied at the present time. There may be no danger of contamination as long as it is found convenient to keep boys who are sent to prison out of the yards in which other criminals are Kept and to let them employ themselves about the offices of the establishment. But this mode of treatment lessens the irksomeness of the punishment which it was desired to inflict, and could not be persisted in if juvenile offenders increased in number. The punishment of whipping at the gaol will doubtless be applied under the direction of the magistrate who orders it, and it will therefore, we hope, be judiciously done. This is desirable if any good effect is to be produced by the new system of punishment. How to deal with young persons who unfortunately fall into crime is a difficult question in England, and will daily become more and more important in these colonies. To treat them in the same manner as grown- up criminals are treated would only be to increase the evil of their condition and to let them go unpunished is only shirking a duty which, after all, will have to be dealt with THE YELVERTON CASE A commissioner sat on the 29th of October at the Palatine Hotel, Manchester, for the purpose of taking evidence in the suit now pending in the Court of Session of Scotland, by which the Hon. Major Yelverton seeks a declaration against the validity of his now famous alleged Scottish marriage. Mr. Baron Martin granted an order to compel the attendance of four witnesses before the commissioner, the Court of Session having no power to enforce such attendance in Scotland. Those witnesses were Mr. Thomas Burton, Mr. Richard Stephensen, Mr. Thomas Daniel, and Mr. George Cambellsen, The commissioner was Mr. John Cay, sheriff of Linlithgow and we believe that all the witnesses presented themselves, and were examined and cross examined. Mr. John Millar, advocate, and Mr. P. Adam, solicitor, were on behalf of the Major and Mr. David Boyle Hope, advocate, for Mrs. Yelverton. Reporters were not admitted and under any circumstances, the publication of even a sketch of the evidence would be inadvisable, seeing that not only has the commissioner previously sat in Manchester (with respect to the cross action by Mrs. Yelverton), but the evidence taken in Ireland as well as in Scotland is very voltuoineus, and no portion of it has ever yet been discussed or read in the Scotch Court. We may say, however, that we believe two points were sought to be dealt with the date of the marriage of the father of Mrs. Yelverton, and her own history at a period preceding her first introduction to Major Yelverton. The visits of the commissioner to Manchester arose from the facts that the parents of Mrs. Yelverton passed the main portions of their lives here, and died in this city or its neighbourhood. A local directory of 1818-19-20 contains the name of the firm of Cardwell, Cook, and Longworth, manufacturers of small wares, Cannon street and Marsden-square. The firm was long a leading one, if not the first of its class in the town, and all its members accumulated considerable wealth. Mr. Thomas Longworth, who appears as the junior partner, was the father of Mrs. Yelverton. He joined the firm some time between 1843 and 1848 and is 1822-3 we find that Mr. Cook had retired, Cardwell and Longworth then having their works at the corner of York-street and Mosley-street, where the splendid new building for the Manchester and Salford District Bank is now being completed. About this time we bel lieve that Mr. Cardwell retired, at any rate, we are told that in the premises named Mr. Longworth was the first person who, in Manchester, wove silk by power. Mr. Longworth resided at different times in a house in Bridge-street, which had been occupied by his father, a well known surgeon and in Strangeways, in Quay street, and at Smedley Cottage, Smedley. He is described as being a clever man of business ; exceedingly fond of money and keen in its acquirement ; somewhat eccentric and very distant in his manner; but respected in every sense as a manufacturer and merchant. During the early years of this century, a Mr. Fox carried on business in Manchester as a cotton broker ; the brokers "holding" largely here at that time, most of them having great ware- houses in or near Market-street and Spring Gardens. He was very prosperous, but he was crushed during a panic about 1866 or 1867, and died soon afterwards. He left a widow and three daughters, as well as some sons and the widow, an intelligent and energetic woman, started and carried on a "portering business," employed men, who did their work by means of handcarts, or by carrying huge piles of pieces on their backs. Her daughters were educated in a thoroughly respectable manner. Theresa, the second of the three, was noted for her beauty and accomplishments, and she became the wife of Mr. Longworth. They had seven children, Mrs. Yelverton being the youngest of three daughters. Mr. Longworth continued in business until somewhere between 1835 and 1840. He specu *te,0/?rg_Iy In railways; and in the panic of 1847 he lost a considerable sum £50,000 at least, it is said, mainly in Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire shares. His health had broken down about the year 1840, and he was less able to bear the reverse of fortune which his disposition as to money would tend to make him feel very keenly. He died in Bowden, we believe, not long after the date we have mentioned, but he left considerable property, all his children being provided for. Mrs. Yelverton's portion, we have heard stated at from £200 to £300 a year. Alter her sojourn in a continental convent for education, Mrs. Yelverton-or rather Miss Long- worth returned to Manchester, living chiefly at home, until after her father's death and as we have said, one branch of the inquiry yesterday had reference to a portion of this period of her history Han Chester Guardian. , DISCOVERIES IN THE TEMPL/E. The demolition of Dr. Johnson's house and the adjacent houses on the west side of narrow Inner Temple lane, and the erection in their place of a row of well-arranged suites of chambers in external appearance bald and repul Mve-looking-has lately been followed by similar demolition (sweeping away Goldsmith's house, No. 5), and new buildings on the eastern side, on the part of the Middle Temple, whose property they are. The houses now removed completely concealed the north-west of the Temple Church, and some, in fact, actually abutted on it, one being built over the porch, and the wayfarers had to go through an archway under it to pass from the lane into the Inner Temple. The demolition has revealed a portion of the church which had not seen the light of day for two or three centuries, and which had escaped the destructive hand of the restorer, of., the weBterri"wheel.window of the plate tracery over the porch ; three of the long, narrow, round-headed windows of the Round, with the capitals remaining, but attached shafts gone ; the original corbel stones (at a lower level than in the restored portion of the church), and the original masonry of the whole of the north-west wall of the Round in a perfectly fresh state, though rough and seamy from the usage received by the builders of the now demolished adjacent houses. Striking and suggestive is the contrast presented by this solitary genuine fragment of the church with the spurious work of the restorers of 1827, who prefaced the whole exterior then accessible to them with large blocks of Portland stone, and made the whole look as little like an Early English, or ancient church, as might be. This stone, by the way, is already, in parts, decayed ; while tbeGodstone Firestone of the twelfth century builders still remains mutilated, but not decayed. Besides revealing an authentic buried portion of the original church in all the eloquence of its picturesque effect and honest construction, the demolition has thrown open to view, in all its naked deformity, what Was built not to be seen of man- the paltry and abortive quasi transept and excrescence, dating from the grand restoration of 1811, when it was built to receive the organ, &c.; A side view of the master's house (a seventeenth-century building), to the east of the sharpens is also opened up. Much of the exterior of the porch is of brick, of the same date as the demolished houses ; as also is the brick parapet at the lower part of the roof of the Round. The houses in Inner Temple lane, next the church and those forming the south side of what was Church-court, are not to be replaced. Those on the north side of Church- court (facing the church), and at the corner of Inner Temple lane, are being replaced by a row of brick houses with stone dressings, in a kind of sublimated gin palace style-that snowy, bullying, vulgarly pre- tentious one, essentially marked by a brutal emptiness of all art and all feeling, which may rank as one of the styles of the day, the one that addresses itself to "practical men." The open space between the houses and the church is being lowered by the removal of accumulated earth, and will remain an open flagged terrace, borne on arches, as a safeguard against damp. The exposed roof of the porch has been protected by a temporary pent-house roof. 1 We believe the " benchers of the two may have still to decide what to do with the newly-" discovered exterior portion of the Round. Would that it could remain as it is ! Every restoring touch will rob us of something of the real work of the twelfth century masons. But, above all things, let trie benchers beware of imitating the example set by their predecessors and Sir Robert Smirke in 1825-1827, and substituting a casing of smooth stone for the mixed surface of rough wallwork and finished ashlar work, which forms, so great a charm in this fragment of the original structure The Critic. THE GARDENS OF DAMASCUS. A new rule can be taken every day for four months among the charming groves, fields, and orchards, with pleasant-looking villages every here and there, about the city of Damascus. A network of little canals and channels of water extends over all the cultivated plain ; cool- ing the air, and soothing the ear with the pleasant i murmuring of the streamlets to which all the glorious verdure is owing ; miles and miles of those tiny rivers are spread over the ground, every one coming originally from Barrada, the Abana of Scripture, which Naaman considered, with natural pride, as fine a river as any in Israel. The Pharphar, or as it is now called the Awas, is not so long as the Barrada, corn [ rains scarcely a third as much water. It rises on Mount Hermon, and both rivers after passing Damascus are lost in the marshes on the sandy desert beyond. There are many varieties of trees in the gardens of Damascus, but the most numerous are the apricots, the dried fruit of which I forms so very large a part of its commerce. The apricots are either dried in the sun and then pressed I flat in slight wooden boxes, or else they are stoned and smashed into a thick paste, which is dried in masses a yard or two long, and is exported in large rolls looking like brown leather. It is said to be lovely sight to look over the plain of Damascus in the spring, when the innumerable apricots are in flower the effect being that of light snow resting on the trees ; but many persons think it more striking when the fruit is just ripe then the trees blow as if illuminated with thousands of tiny lamps hung among the branches. One of the pleasantest afternoon rides was the village of Johns, at about an hour's distance from the city, where it lies hidden among walnut groves. This place has been time out of mind, held sacred by both the Jew and the Moslem" and there is a very ancient synagogue built over the 1 cave, in which it is believed that Elijah hid himself from the persecutors of Jezebel. In the centre of the synagogue there is a space railed off, where Elijah is said to have appointed Hazael king. Passing through the streets on our return, we met an infant's funeral. The father, preceded by a little boy, rest in his best, carried the child laid out on his arms, with an embroidered handkerchief thrown over it, but the small face left uncovered. It seemed smiling in its sleep. Two friends followed, and they were all chanting verses from the Koran. The simplicity of the funeral, and the contrast of the little dead fade and the bright ' colours of the dresses were quite touching. The Arabs all dress in their finest clothes at a funeral, and the widow sits in their richest silks with all the gay colours put together, for three days after the death of her husband. It is partly from the idea that he is gone to' happiness, but more to do him honour and pay respect to the corpse.-JBeatiforSs Eastttn Shrines. { DEFENCE OF THE BEARD. There are more solid ii ducements for wearing the beard than the mere improvement of a man's personal appearance, and the cultivation of such an aid to the every-day diplomacy of life. Nature, combining, as she never fails to do, the useful with the ornamental, provides us with a far better respirator than science could ever make, and one that is never so hideous to wear as that black seal upon the face, that looks like a passport to the realms of suffering and death. The hair of the moustacHe not only absorbs the moisture and miasma of fogs, but it strains the air from dust and the root of our great smoky cities. It acts also in the most scientific manner, by taking heat from the warm breath as it leaves the chest, and supplying it to the cold air taken in. It is not only a respirator, but, with the beard entire, we are provided with a comforter as well; but these are never left at home, like the umbrella and all such appliances whenever they are wanted. We have heard Moffat and Livingstone, the African explorers, and many other travellers, Bay that at night no wrap could equal the beard. The remarkable thing is, too, that the beard, like the hair of the head, protects against the heat of the sun : it acts as a thatch does to an ice-house ; but more than this, it becomes moist with perspiration, and then by evaporation cools the skin. A man who accepts this protection of nature's may face the rudest storms and the hardest winter. That our soldiers and sailors, who have to endure every climate in the world, should be made to travel about with a razor in their knapsack, is as absurd and useless an encumbrance as making them carry a complete set of shoe brushes. The men would look better and feel better if they were allowed to wear the beard nicely trimmed and there is no doubt the invading which is now so serious a burden to the country would be much reduced, to say nothing of the comfort to the soldier and sailor. Temple Bar, , DisAfFECtED SLAVES. Many of the negroes in Richmond (the head quarters of the Southern Confederacy are at present idle, on account of the tobacco factories having been closed, and there is considerable uneasiness felt in regard to them by the white population. The patrol and police force, which parade the streets day and night, always have their Runs loaded so as to be prepared for any emergency. The negroes are kept well informed of the course of events by the coloured waiters at the various hotels, where the officers, over their wine and whisky, discuss military affairs with more freedom than discretion. A short time ago three negroes were passing down one of the streets of Richmond, when one of them complained to the others of the treatment he had recently received from his master, to which one of his companions replied, "Well, never mind; MasBa Lincoln will be here soon, and den it will be all right." This conversation having been overheard the negroes were arrested, and each received thirty-nine lashes. On another occasion our informant saw a negro drilling, in the outskirts of the city, after the usual military fashion, some forty or fifty negroes. He asked him what he was drilling the negroes for, to which he replied, " Oh, everybody learnin'tobe soldiers now; why not de darkeys too ?" Not satisfied with this answer he repeated the interrogatory, when the negro said, "Well, really massa, I don't like to say," It is a general complaint among the whites that the negroes are much more impudent than usual, and but little disposed to cheerfully submit to the restraints which were formerly imposed upon them Phila- delphia Frets. THE HORSE AND THE LION. - There were some horses on board belonging to Major Kemball, the Consul-General at Bagdad, one of which got loose and leaped overboard just at dawn. The steamer was then about half-way to Bagdad, getting underway after anchoring as usual for the night. The horse was not missed for half. an-hour, but was then described ashore in what seemed very unpleasant proximity to a splendid lion. The lion circled round and round him, always closing in. The horse remained motionless, beyond turning his head sufficiently to watch the lion's movements. Suddenly, the latter gave a tremendous bound, but the horse was too quick for him, and escaped with a slight scratch ; but, instead of galloping away, he only went a hundred yards, and again stood still. The lion commenced his former tactics with a similar result, only his bound was less vigorous this time. The horse did not even yet take completely to his heels ; he seemed either tied by some strange fascination, or inclined to tantalise an enemy, from whom a few minutes' center would have entirely freed him. Again the lion commenced his circles, but ere they were narrowed to springing distance a party had landed from the steamer, and the instant the horse had deserted them, he came gallop- ing down as fast as he could, while the lion stalked breakfastless away toward the jungle.-Blacktoood's Magazine. WHY DO WE SHAKE HANDS Dr. Humphry, in his work, "The Human Foot and the Human Hand," asks the above question, and then answers it in the following copious style : " It is a very old-fashioned way of indicating friendship. Jehu said to Jehona day, . Is thine heart right as my heart is with thine heart? If it be, give me thine hand.' It is not merely an old-fashioned custom it is a strictly natural one, and, as usual in such cases, we may and a physiological reason, if we will only take the pains to search for it. The animals cultivate friendship by the sense of touch, as well as by the senses of smell, hearing, and sight and for this purpose they employ the most sensitive ports of their bodies. They rub their noses together, or they lick one another with their tongues. Now, the hand is a part of the human body in which the sense of touch is highly developed and after the manner of the animals, we not only like to see and hear our friend (we do not usually smell him, though Isaac, when his eyes were dim, resorted to this sense as a means of recognition), we also touch him, and promote the kindly feelings by the contact and reciprocal pressure of the sensitive hands. Observe, too, how this principle is illustrated by another of our modes of greets ing.. When we wish to determine whether a substance be perfectly smooth, and are not quite satisfied with the information conveyed by the fingers, we apply it to the lips and rub it gently upon them. We do so because we know by experience that the sense of touch is more acutely developed in the lips than in the hands. Accordingly, when we wished to reciprocate the warmer feelings, we are not content with the contact of the hands, and we bring the lips into the service. A shake of hands suffices for friendship, in undemonstrative England at least ; but a kiss is the token of a more tender affection." A COMMON TROUBLE. It is very well that every couple do not wait to be married till Mrs. Grundy and the world in general sign the certificate of approval. It is curious how few couples ever do it without a clamour being raised by somebody as to the I a" fitness of it on one side or the other. It is a curious how much intermeddling there will be in such matters by people who would not really lift a I Samaritan finger to save either from destruction if they needed help. It is curious why people cannot attend more to their own business than to that of their neighbours and it is curious, when we know that every neighbourhood produces just this nuisance crop, that we cannot learn to cultivate the flowers of life, and let these noxious weeds spring up and die at their leisure, without the notice of our resentment. Fern Leaves. A ROMAN MIRACLE. The Roman correspondent of the Daily News relates the following curious story of priestly imposition. In a rural parish in the region of Agubbio there was a large hollow oak tree, regarded by devout people with as much veneration as ever could have been paid to it by the ancient Druids, and all because the Virgin Mary, it was said,' had often been seen looking out of a round hole in its trunk. This attribute of sanctity to the old hollow, tree was countenanced by the preaching ' friars, and many a precious little gift, many a woman's earrings or shawl, many a savoury morsel intended for the Virgin's mouth, was solemnly let down into the cavity of the all-devouring oak. A gentleman, who knew better, having come that way, ordered two or three pied montese solvers to cut down the tree, which they accordingly did. The soil beneath was found to be a burrowed out in a kind of tunnel, leading to a subterranean dwelling, where sat the surprised master of the l shrine, a man between forty and fifty years of age. A. great heap of valuables lay stored up in the crafty hermit's den, and near at hand was the supernatural instrument of his deception-an ugly image, or doll. This imposture, once detected, could obtain no mercy in the rustic community, and the cunning Druid, along with his fictitious Queen of Heaven, was speedily dragged to the surface, and, mounted on a donkey, was compelled to pass through what the Devonshire people call a " skimming riding." GAS-MAKING. The manufacture of gas, although it includes many beautiful scientific processes, is not, on the whole, a sightly operation. What is not seen may be refined and interesting, but what is seen decidedly savours of pandemonium. There are huge caverns of black coal, huge cavern of red-hot coke, and a row of roaring fiery ovens, which sooty men are constantly feeding with coal thrust in out of long iron scoops. The lids of these ovens, or retorts, are generally heated to a white heat, and the men who lift them off and put them on have their hands protected with thick gauntlet gloves. After the coal has been distilled, as it is called, the red-hot coke is raked out, either into coke vaults or iron barrows. The spirit of the coal rises up black pipes, like infernal organ pipes, leading from each, over into a tube, running the whole length of the retort-house, called the hydraulic main, which they reach by a curved dip-pipe. The hydraulic main as its name implies, is half filled with, water, and the end of the dip-pipe passes through this water to the depth of about four inches. The gas from the retort flows down the dip- pipe, and bubbles up by its lightness through the water till it rests in that part of the main above the surface of the liquid, depositing its tar in its progress. The water, which gradually changes its character with this deposit, and-becomes nearly all the, locks the gas in the upper part of the main, and only suffers it to pass off through the purifiers. These purifiers, partly mechanical, partly chemical, relieve the gas from the vapours of tar, ammonia, sulphuretted hydrogen, and carbonic acid, and allow it to enter the gasholder or reservoir pure enough for the ordinary purposes of lighting.-Dicktnt'» All the Year Round. TABLE TURNING A CENTURY AGO. Some years ago after the astonishing transactions, and when the Stockwell'Ghost had begun to fade and be no more heard of, this same Ann Robinson made a private confession to a gentleman capable of enjoying a practical joke even when it bordered (as this certainly did on downright wickedness. She put long horse-hair to some of the crockery, and wires trades others on pulling or touching these of course the moveables fell., When she saw the effect of her first feats she was tempted to exercise her dexterity beyond the original purpose for mere amusement. She loosened the hams and bacon, attaching them by the skins, which soon gave way and she threw a chemical powder into the pail of water as she passed, after which it bubbled. She managed to throw down several articles with her own hands, and when the victims turned and saw them broken or in motion, they attributed it to an unseen agency. In short, the only magic was the dexterity of the supposed witch, and (a very large feature in the case) the alarm of the spectators, whose terror at the time, and their conversations afterwards, magnified many of the circumstances and invented others, and were too full of their own dread of supernatural agency to be capable of examining anything, or even of a moderate degree of observation. -Once a Week, i - - 