DBPARTÜBB OP THE BISHOP OP . ; . SYDNEY. Hutt fright Her. Dr. Barker, Bishop of Syflwoy and Me'ropolltftD, «mharlicd (rr England on Saturday, by tbe Northam. Beforo his departure-, tho Bishop, at ll o'clock a.»., administered the ootnrnunlon in St, Jomes'» Charoo, to about two handed members of the Charon, InoladinR roost of tbs o'orgy in tho vicinity of Sydney, On Ibo oonolnslon ol this «olomn service, soon after 15 o'olook, the nudieroj repaired to the Chnroh Soeitt/a Bouse, Pbillip.street, in order to preRent an address tc the Bishop, Among those present were the ver; R :v ! VrV M. Cowper, Diian ol Pydney ; the Rev. OanonB All- wood; end Walsh ; tb.« Kev. E. Bogers, the Rev. T, O'Reilly, the Rev. Hr. Moreton, the Rev. Mr. Bobleiober, tba Rev. W. Lamsdalne, the Bev. Mr, Etimp, the Rev, Mr. Tnrner, of Hyde; the Rev. Mr. Hodgson, of Liver- pool ; the Bev, Hulton King, the Rev. R. L K'ng, the Rev, Mr. Boll, the Rev. Mr. RiohardBon, the Rev. W. Allworth, the Rev. Stanley Mitohell, and Rev. Thomas Smith; also, Ur.Bland, Dr. Moffatt, the Honorable Charlot Kimp, Esq., M.L.C.; A. Gordon, Baa., nnd Dr. rVRrtan anA nlViD» «n.n.n.l f.l-I« .« .k. T.i-1_ . shore period elapsed, when the Bishop having arrived «ni taken bis seat at the upper end of the room, the Vet; Ber. the Dean of Sydney, stepping forward from tbi body of tho congregation, requested his lordship's per mission buforo he- embarked on board the vasse! is biol was to convey ti a to another land, to present to him BI address from a large number of tho oiergy and laity o tho Cburjh of England, expressive of their roBpoot anc regard, and of their appreciation of his labours' dnrinf the time bs had been at the bead of the diooese. It was he said, a most solemn oooaslon on wbijh they wen gathered together ; they hod just assembled in hoi] communion round the table oi the Lord, and bad re oeived from bis Lordship's bands th ) outward symbole ol tho body and Wood ot Christ, and tbey were now con gregated to bid bim farewell for a season; a few wordt on tba oocaaicn might be therefore -neoossary. His Lordship's pastoral labours bsd been unremitting and arduous, and his trials neither emili nor few; nevertheless, it had pleased God so to strengthen the work af his banda that there had been an extension and aa inórense of the Ooaroh of whiob he was BilhoD. and the» warn IhonMnl in finit <h.« those, unreraitliog exertions bad boen tbua ptospore and rewuriied. Bat whilst acknowledging tho benefit which had, under the Divine blossi ig reBultetTfrom hi Lordship's ministrations nmcngst thani, they oould no fo g-t her who had been the partner in his labours, om who hid been n ootnfort and a Btny to him in bis bonn of trial and tremble; Amongst' the other works in wli.l Mrs. Barker ta) taken a deep and lively intoreat b need only mention tba Clergy Daughter's School, and hi trusted that sbo might bo lung spared to Bf o tho suooesi ofthat institution, and that wbon sha returned to titi country, Bbc might wilnesB with joy and gratitude ti God, many blessed results not only from that, but fron other kindly and charitable works which she bad beet instrumental in forwarding. They bado his Lordsbij and Mrs. Barker farewell with groat esteem and moot afTjolion,' and trusted that during their absenoe from thi oolony, they (tho olersy and laity), mijht do their dut; faithfully to tba glory of God, and the advancement o' the Charoo. He would now read the address : - . " To the Right Reverend Father in God, FUEDEMO b; ? Divine Permission, Bishop of Sydney, and Metrópoli "We, the nnders'gnod clergy and laity, approa yoar Lordship with feelings of unfeigned respeat and i gard on the evo of jone departure from'amongst nsl England. ," Porsuáded ss we are, that, In tabing the grave ai important step of leaving for a while the scene of. jo pastoral, laboura in this colony, you ere aotnated by single desire to promote tho best interests of your flot and to strengthen the work of the Church amongst t »e desire to convey to yon an earnest expression of o affectionate sympathy, and heartily to bid yon Oe speed. " We would, at the Bama time, avow our Bense of t value «nd extent cf your labours daring the time it b pleased dod to permit you to have the oversight of tl diocese. Of those labours, the great increase in t number of the olergy from 48 to 65, and of obnroh from 40 to HO is the best evidence; that inorease outward moans and inBtinmenta representing, BS I trust it does, the Increase aleo of Christ's true religii in the varions distriots where they have been planted. "We desire also to express with feelings of deep than fulness to Almighty God, our congratulations on tl peaea and harmony whioh, under the Divine blessin prevail in the diocese, no internal dissensions existing divert onr minds from the ono great work whioh lies b foro us, and clergy and laity being united together godly union and conoord. ~ *< Wa «.fif>r«alato ttl« «tia .«nd . hindi)* mn&miw;**trm your Lordship to promote this happy state of thins and we rejoico with you in the snooees "given to tho endeavours. " ' ; ' ' " Wo soo in .a ooUBlstent recognition , and maintenani of the truly evangelical doctrine and godly order '? of tl Gburoh af England a bond of union whiob, in spite of it dividual diversities of thought and feeling, may dra together her ..olergy and loy members for cordial ooml nation in every good wold and work for God's glory ac the edifico'ion of eaoh other; . "And for yourself we pray that the spirit of wisdo end understanding, the spirit of oounsel and ghost] strength, may abundantly rest upon you and. guide ot ' blois your. labours ; that our Heavenly Eather may ' ha' you continually in Bis'holy hooping, and in his got time restore you to us strengthened in heart and body ft your work in time to come." After reading it, the Dean presented a copy of tl address, ongrosaai on vollum, to tho B shop, and wit it signatures to : the number of 3800, remarking tb: owing to tho shortness of the time it had been found in pofltible to obtain roora signature», otherwise it wo») have been signed by a muoh larger number of person?, ' ' The BisnoF, in ropty, Bald : My dear Reverend Bri thren, nnd dear Brethren of the Lt i ly,-I thank yo , muoh far thia gratifying expression of your affectiona1 rogard, which is,very welcoma at a time of much anxiel when I am to be separated from you for a seaton, feeling of duty (his Lordship eon'inuod) would bat kept him hore, but for pressing reasons whioh oallod ft bis visit to England. He trusted the interests of tb diooeae would not suffer from bis absence, and some i ir portant end useful mea-uren might be promoted by b! going home. He would doubtless feel the benefit of tb change. The labours in whioh he had been engngod ha made largo demands on his strength ; and the oharfj of tbo diocese' was a burden greater than be could top continually to boar. Tho formation of the proposed ne dloecse, however, would greatly relievo him. The pal seven .years had boon obit fly spent by him on the OJ ternal works of the Ohuroh. And. ho folt that gratitud was due to God for the' success he bad vouchsafed I their united lebaarp. They bad been enablod to ei pend large sums on the Cathedral and Collegia ; an thero bad boen a largo increase of tb i clergy. He wou) Bayo fow words ns to the weaker part of their systen The voluntary support of fae olorgy would, he boped, b strengthened by internal organisation and endowment! ' The prosecco of another Bishop would greatly furtbc tho good of the Canton; and Mi (tho Bishop c Sydney's) own diaoosan visiting would be oonoentralo aa a much smaller area. He had been told that til metropolitan visitation had beon a enano ol muoh uso fulness; and to himself it had been n source of muo oomforr. HB hoped they wnuld carry on their Alastor' work wilhont hinderanoe. He felt tho more ooiifldenc in leaving them fur a while, beoauno he was sur bis placo would bo well supplied by tho portion whom b bad appointed his commissary. Ho exhorted them to b consiJorats, and expressed his fervent desire' that the; might bo kept in true peaoo,and constant union; al« that their families might ba blessed, and that tho . denn cios of thin groat country might be auspiciously inila enoed by their o'ondiiot. His Lordship conoludod will tho following words:-<? Finally, brethren, farewell; bi perfeol, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live ir paaoe, and the God of lovo and peace shall be with you Amen." ' . The meeting then dispersed, and the Bishop and Mts Barker biistened elown to tho Illalong steamer, willoi was waiting at the Oiroular Quay to ooovey thom to fbi Northam, nnd wore aocomponied by tho Deon of Sydnej und nomo of thu olergy, tvith momboT of their familias, and other frionds. About ton minutes after on ', fbi Illalong it ft the Groulnr Quay, and in o fow minuten waaalonxBidotbo North.nl. After taking another fare Iwell of tho friends who had accompanied thom to thu ship, the Hiuhop end hil lady aBoended to the dook ol tho Northam shortly beforo hor departure. 