MR. CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY ON THE CORRUPTION OF PARLIAMENT. TO THE EDITOR OF TUB AGE. Sin, — It has passed into a proterb that liars should have good memories. A. similar qualifi cation ia equally necessary for those who act or speak at variance with their former deeds and sayings, and more especially if such people are given to 7i.aking accusations of inconsistency against their neighbors. Mr Charles Gavan Duffy should therefore have a good memory of all things, else, to uso his own language in the House of Commons on a certain occasion, he may find it extremely difficult to make his conduct 'recon- cilable to his sense of conscience and honor' un less indeed his boasted sense be of an exceedingly accommodating character. This supposition is far from improbable when his ' concience and honor ' have permitted him at one time to preach rebellion against the Crown, and, at another time, to wear its livery, or still worse when they have not restrained him, a sworn servant of the State, and receiving it3 pay, from giving utterance to hia disloyal sympathies in attempting to justify the red - handed Indian mutineers when in open revolt against British supremacy. Mr Duffy appears to labor under a monamania in reference to his consis tency, and the incurable inconsistency of all who dare to hold opinions of their own, and to cling to them through good and ill report. The news paper files show that Mr Duffy's opinions, no; long since, on the land question, and those he entertains since he became the patron or client of the pa3toral tenants of the Crown, are diametri cally opposed, and yet he turns round on his former friends, who still remain true to their con viotionr, and charges them — not himself— with inconsistency. The marvel is how he can do so, and yet make it ' reconcilable to his sense of con science and honor.' Perhaps, indeed, Mr Duffy will say, as he said of the celebrated Irish Brigade on the occasion referred to, ' The party with which I act is composed of men who are distin guished by uprightnessof conduct and consistency of purpose.' The latter part of the assertion miy be true enough as regards the party — the Victorian Association — with which Mr Duffy at prasent'acts, though assuredly it is not so of nim self, unless he makes the possession of offico in this country his sole ' purpose.' , Under such a supposition, Mr Duffy's consistency is evident enough. . ?? '. The above extracts are taken from the English Ilinsard, . which reports the procefidings of the House of Commons in May, 1853, about the_time when Mr Duffy was making himself so dis tinguished in the British Parliament, that the Home authorities were almost— so Mr Duffy says, but they did not honor the colony so far^ — to make him Governor of Victoria. At the ppriod referred to, it had been determined to extend the ope ration of the income tax to Ireland, which had not previously been called on to contribute in this respect. Of course, most of the Irish representatives were desirous of further immunity from the tax, and strongly opposed the measure. But the members of the Irish Brigade were not all faithful, forBome of them supported the Go vernmental scheme and spoke and voted accord ingly. This of eourse aroused the ire of the mem ber for New Ross (Mr Duffy), and led him to in dulge in rather strong language ; so much so indeed, that his wordB were 'taken dawn,' and the usual parliamentary action was taken in the matter. Ultimately Mr Duffy escaped the coal hole, hav ing first toned down his; words, as maybe gathered from the following extracts which are presented to show by contrast the inconsistency between the Mr Duffy, the purist of 1853, when making his patriotic protestations, and Mr Duffy of 1862, while striving to carry a squatters' land bill through the Victorian Parliament by the aid of traitors, who have been induced under the opera tion of the Walpolian maxim, ' Every man has his price,' to betray alike their principles and their country. Says Mr. Duffy, ' I do not know how so many Irish members have been persuaded to vote in favour of it (the extension of the income tax to Ireland). ' Some few of them, I am sure, voted from conscientious motives, but short as ray ex perience of Parliament has been I don't think, in tho worst days of Walpole and the'Pelhavns, more scandalous . corruption existed than I have seen with my, own eyes practised upon Iri6h. mem bers;' Surely Mr. Duffy must have been labour ing, under some spirit of divination when he uttered these words ; he must have had a pro phetic vision of himself and the 'party with which he acts' in Victoria in the year of grace 1862\. The ' scandalous corruption' which exceeds the Walpolian and Newcastle days seems to- have reached its culmination under the auspices of a purist who could thus denounce it when undergoing purgatorial sufferings 'on the opposition benches of the House of Commons, but who can practice it and yet make it recon cilable to his sense of conscience and honor at the antipodes, when lolling on the benches of the Treasury side of the Victorian Parliament. So confident was Mr Duffy at first, that he declared he 'did'not mean to alter a word' of his accusa tion, which, by the way, his friend Lucas said he took to be more directed against the Irish mem bers than aga'iHst the Government. Ultimately, Mr Duffy only ' believed' he had seen the scan dalous corruption, and ' it seemed to him,' &c;, &c;, when he found that he had aroused the indignation of the House. Mr Duffy proceeded to say on 6th May, his accusation having been made on . 5th, in explaining, ' I am told it was imputed to me in tt;e debate which ensued (on his withdrawing on 5th) that I had conveyed, and intended to convey, that money .was given to secure the votes of certain of the Irish members. Now I wish to state that I did not mean to convey that * * * * what I did mean ^vaa this, Sir, I meant the political profligacy which prevailed in the time of Sir R. Walpole, and under the. ad ministration of the Duke of Newcastle, when men weie inttucett to aoanaon tne most solemn and circumstantial pledges, and leave behind their reputation and political character for the purpose of attaining place, seemed to me to be exceeded by circumatances which had fallen under my own notice Bince I had been a member of this House. I meant to chirge, Sir, tint cer tain Irish members had, in point of fact, outrun anything I had ever heard or read of in the dis creditable abandonment of notorious and rooted principles — for such is the only way in which I can interpret it ; and I think it is the only inter pretation it is capable ot bearing— for the purpose of their own personal advantage and advance ment. If I know what political corruption means, this is political corruption.' These extracts are long, but MrDuffyhas bo well told what ' political corruption' means, that it would be a mistake to curtail them ; the more so as he so well foretells the exact state of affairs brought about by himself ' and the party with which he acts' at the present juncture. Surely no one will be so bold as to say, that he who so doughtily championed political purity in the olden time, and who now secures his majorities on the clauses of the Land Bill by the means of men who are known for the ' discreditable aban donment of notorious and rooted principles,' can be inconsistent himself, or wrong in accusing others of inconsistency. Verily, Mr Duffy, thy past sayings and thy present doings do not hang together properly. ' Out of thine own mouth thou art condemned.' HANSARD'S GHOST. Fibe at Maldon. — Yesterday afternoon a tele graphic communication was received from Maldon for the assistance of the fire engines to put out an extensive fire. The Municipal Brigade was quickly on the road, but jubt before the Volun teer Firemen had started, a second, communica tion came to say their assistance was not needed, as the fire had already been got under. A mes senger was immediately despatched on horseback to bring back the Municipal Brigade, and they returned before they had got halt way. — Castle- maine Advertiser, ,25th March. In a late report of the British Consul at Bahia, it is sated that diamonds valued at 3,250,000 dol. are annually sent from that place. The dinmond mines of Brazil are to the natives what the gold mines of California are to our minera. Post-Opfice KoiiBEiiY. — A gentleman naiuei. Cooperthwaite, on the railway works here, re oeived on Saturday a registered letter from New Zealand, purporting to contain £20 in bank notes. On being opened the notes were gone; a small' fragment of one of them adhered to the sealing wax, proving they had not been accidentally omitted. Of course nothing further is knowri: as yet, but the authorities will cause the strictest in-.. vestigation into the circumstances. The proba bility is that the theft was committed on the New Zealand side, as there were marks (evidently old) of it having been opened. — Casllemaine Advertiser, 26th March. A Scented Pocket Handkerchief in tiih Wrong Pocket.— In the Court of Divorce, on Wednesday, the case of Formby v Formby and Aitens was heard, and was a petition by a hus band on the ground of his wife's adultery. The respondent and cu-respondent pleaded a denial of the charge :— The petitioner was described as a. gentleman of no occupation, who lived upon an allowance of £800 a-ycar fro.n his father, who is a. clergyman. He married the respondent in June, 1860, having previously lived -with her for about eighteen months. Both before and after the mar riage they lived in Portsdown road, London. The co-respondent_, James Edwin Axtens, was a riding master belonging to some livery stables. In Octo ber, I860, Mrs Formby, without her husband's knowledge went to take riding lessons at these stables, and made Axtens' acquaintance. ? On. Saturday, the 3rd of November, Mr Formby went into the country, and, at six in the evening, Mr Axtens went to Mrs Formby's house. After dining with Mrs Formby, he put on one of Mr Formby's coatB, and wont with her to tho thea tre. They returned at night and slept together, and from that time until the 14th ot November, when Mr Formby returned to town, they occupied the same bed every night. Mr Formby, on the day of his return, put en his dress coat, and found a scented pocket handkerchief in one ef ths pockets. Knowing that it did not belong to him, he made inquiries, and the result was that he taxed_ his wife with her guilt, that she did not deny it, and that he immediately withdrew from, cohabitation^ mide her an allowance, and insti tuted this suit. Mary Ann Musgrave, a servant of Mrs Formby, Sybella Bishop, a relation of the respondent, and Mr Lethbridge, the petitioner's solicitor, were examined to prove these facto-. There was no defence, and his lordship granted av decree nisi, with costs against the co-respondent. — English Paper. The French Censu3. — The entire population of France, which was in 1856, 36,039,3d4, ia now 37,382,225, showing an increase of 1,342,881. Out of this number, however, 669,959 have been ac quired by annexation, and the true increase is only 673,802, or at the rate of 134,760 a year, or about two-thirds of the Eagluh rate. The ten dency of the population is, as in England, to seek the great cities, Paris, Bordeaux, and Marseilles,, while districts like the Ba3se-Pyreno'j3 gradually decline. The present administrative division o£ France iB into 89 departments, 373 arrondisse ments, 2938 cantons, and 37,510 communes. 