THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. SrjSEATBE TnOTL At. . Shirley Tirooks's fi:io melodrama, 'The Creole,' fo qether wiili tie eninciiiuitit of ' Delicate Grounil,' liave b.'cn t\\\cpie:cs -lc resistance throiighout tbc 'week. Ai Anthony Latoitrnnd Ciiiz-u Sangfroid, Mr. Warner had a pood opportunity -f ilisploy'ns liia fine voice and nrttstiockention, l-nt the wretched buMncss has hud a mOBt dciircRsiiif! influence, botb before and behind tho curtain. On Wedneidav, the announcement of Mr. Warner's hLriefit attracted a few more persona than usual, but the ht'endnncn was miserably RCinty, although tlio ' comedy oi Krrois * wns iuo piece eciccicq. xno BC»soii will termimto this ovonini;. Tho company, trgether with Mr. Hurry Sullivan, will migrate in a body to SynVry in a ftw d»yr-, nnd the theatre will le cl'Fcd nntii YM\ Octoher, when it will Icrc-opcnfd with Mr. Lyttcr'3 -ni'ira company. Dxiing tho recers, it will be thororulily cleiined nnd re-decorated. Wo ob serve thit Jladarne Eacott, Mr. Squires, nni Mr. Fsrquh.irs n, nre nnnounctZi to appear in tlio Musical Festival, at tho Exhibition Building, on. the 7th, Oili and lllh pros. XMK nAYJIJinKET XIIEAXKE. Mr. Coppin, like the Kshibilion Commiesioners, was punctual in commencing on tho night which had been announced, but, unlike them, nil lib arrangements were perfect, and the Ihcitrc, wheu it opened on Monday evening, presented a thoro?Rhly cheerful, complete, and cosy appeur.u co. Contrary to expectation, tho dresi circle and stalls were by no means crowded. Many causes com bined to bring about this result. In the first plnce, 'Onr Amciican C-iu^in' has I'con dune to death ; in the second, sach exaggerated reports troro in circulniion as to the enormous number of persons likely to be present, ','nat many people flnycd away fearing an inconvenient crowd; nnd in the third, somo person witb more or'^rpriss than judsment had purchased nil tho tickets for the drtss ciiclc, wilh the hope of retailing them at nn advanced rato. He, however, rcrkon'd without his boat, for tho public utterly refused to fall into his notions, nnd not more than half tho seals weio occupied. Punctually at eight o'clock tha Rational Anthem was sung by the en the stJgp, Miss Julia Muthews -ind Mr. Stewart be'ng tho solo pcrfonncr.', A few minutes afterwards the curtain rose upon 'Onr American Cousin.' The accom modation forthedinis^iidof tho pit 13 somewhat circum scribed, nnd from tho rtcitiusls to 'speak up' whioh wo occasional!}- heard, wo feur that I he acoustic propertic3 of that portion of the houso might ho advantageously improved. Wish this ttingla exception, wo could not suggest an alu-r.rion in the construction or arrange menti or the interior. The new act drop represents the opening of London Hridgc, .and is a copy of StanftoldV picture. Although painted in Mr.Hcnnings'd best stylo, it docs not pleaxc us so much as somo of his other efforts. The colouring is, p:rhnpa. too vivid, and the story of the pi--lure dae.4 not sufficiently explain itself. ' Our American Cousin ' and ' --cnd Me l'ivo Shillings ' nro too familiar to our readers to need any dctuilod remark. The cast, with one unimportant exception, was the tamo as at the Prineefs'o. though it might bo remarked en paenanl, that Mr. Stewart infuxed n littlo too much gag into the part of Lord Dundreary, particularly in renriing (he letter, and that Mr. Lnmbert rather overdid tho uuui'i. ^il [ii^ uiuBi: ui uja umi. |]iut:u Luura -vuii: luuil cries for Mr. Coppin, who, in appearing, was wavmly received. After tho npplau-o had somewhat subsided, ho spoku nearly ns follows:— 'That, unaccustomed as he was to address a public ntulieno (great cheers and: laughter), nnd being taken by surprise, as ho really was at being called, he trusted they would excuso any em barrassment on hia part in expressing his gratification nt tho compliment paid to him. Ho presumed ho could accept it as a maik of approval of tho manner in which ho had earned to bo erected the substantial, and ho might bo allowed to fay, clamant theatro in which thoy were assembled. (Appiuuse.) It was tho fifth theatre ho hud erected at his uwn expense, and It hid given him thn cxperienco nccesfnry for such nn undertaking;, fie could not let the opportunity pass without acknow ledging the very, great assistance and co- opcrntion he had received from Air. Cnnlati, tho architect of the build ing; Mr. Cornwall, tho contractor; anil Mr. Hcmiings, the artist. All those gentlemen h.id entered with zeal into the undertaking, and dovotcd unusual hours to get it perfected. Ho thought if tho public directed their attention to tho building and to its decorations, they would confess thnt there wcro artists nnd mechanics in this colony not to bo surpassed in any other part of the world. (Cheers.) After rcferriugin highly complimentary lerms to the lewe of the theatre (Mr. James Simmonds), Mr. Coppin annouueed that in a short space of time he would do himself the honour of appearing before tho public in a round of cists (great applause), on which occislon he trusted ho irould rcccivo the same kind ex pression of feeling which had been evinced that, evening.' The house was well attended throughout the week, ' Tho repetition of 'Much Ado about Nothing' on Friday evoning was marked by a disagreeable incident, to~ which we should' not call attention 'went it not (hut colonial nctora and actresses are far too foad of ob truding their own private affairs nnd personal e quaublcB upon the public. An actor, as nn actor, i) public pro perty and amenablo to criticism, whether it he favour able or adverse; but, an a private, individual, ho is so completely nmnler of himself nnd of his own actions that to allude to them would bo an impertinence. The Press no mora think of interfering with what takes place be hind the scones, than with tbo esoteric mysteries of a lawyer's oflice or a bankcr'a parlour. It may indeed bo urged that criticism frequently bus a very unduo effect upou tho pecuniary procpects of an actor; but the an swer to nil this If, that the Pross only anticipates the verdict of the public, and at onco puts an end to what at. tha host would only suffer a. precarious and lingering existence. Excepting ns artistes, neither the Press nor tho public wtah to Bit In judgment upon actors, and it is niwnyo a mistake when they appeal to thoso tribunals in any other than n professional capacity. Wo wish to think of Mr. Sullivan as n groat, a very great, actor, nnd care very little whoiher, behind the scenes, ha be courteous or tha reverse. In cither case, he can ad duce plenty of precedents. Some tragedians have tr.on most kind nnd forbearing to those with whom they havo been brought into contact, while others huvo been exactly opposite. All that wo care is that ho should cheerfully perform the little civilitiea incidental to liin position, and bhculd not bore us with the why and the wherefore. After this exordium wo will state that on Friday night at tbo close of tho second act, in nnswur to a call for -ho representatives of Uonedick nnd Beatrice, Mr. . Sullivan appeared alone, Mrs. Heir afterwards being brought on by her husband. At llio close t'f the comedy the principal characters wero called before tho curtain, and again Mr. Sullivan came on hv himself. What ensued is thus desciibod hy tho. correspondent of a daily paper: — 'Hero Mr. Sullivan addressed the nudienci), and euid, 'That he waited upon tho Isdy, but i-ha refused to nccompany him before the audionco.' (Loud applause for Sullivan, and great cries for Mrs. Heir ) Mrs. Heir appeared again, accompanied by her Innband and Miss Kosa Dunn. Mr. Heir said, he felt bound to speak, Mr. Sullivan had neglected the night previous to lako Mrs. Heir before tho curtain, although Bho wailed upon him, and this nlono was tho causo ot her refusal to-night. (Hisses.) Ho was sorry, ho said, thcro should ho any dlnupprobatlon, but- such -were the facts. Mr. Sullivan again appeared, and said— ' Ladies and gentlemen. I am nrraid you will misunderstand me when 1 explain. Last night, nrevloM to being called before thn curtain, itso happened that I had no part with Beatrice for at least twonty minutes beforo the closo of tho act, and tlmn only four lines. I never noticed Sirs. Heir at tho time, never thought of her. 'Till* Is my excuse. I huvo always acted courteous to ladies, (Hear, hear.) It is my nature to do so (' Bravo Sulli van.') I have played Benedick to tho best ontresse; in Europe, and they novcr knew me to elight them.' (Loud applause, and cries of ' Bravo.! And so tho farce ended.' Ir is n for pleasunter task for us to record the crowded house which on the following evening assembled lowitness Sheridan's ' School lor. Scandal,' antt the admlriiblo manner in which tho comedy was played. Nover has tho theatre been so crowded; not only was every seat occupied, but the corridor behind the dress cjrele was crammed, if not to suffocation, at least to such a degree, thnt tho temperaturo was nearly up to tho fuUntorluin nt tlio Turkish baths. Tho audienco Were as enthusiastic as they wero hot, and the applause wax as general and continuous ns tho perspiration. Tho CUarlos Surface of Mr. Sullivan was easy nnd elegant. Wilhout tho dajh and recklessness of Charles M,athows'ii rendering of tho part, it presented the' character in moro'umiablc, if not in a more captivating light. Mr. JItii'd J(S?ph was widl ooncttved, but wna n littlo stiff and faulty in exeouiion. 'I In fclr, Potcr Teazlo of Mr. ijimbert was in that excellent notor'sbcstalylii; and Ilia Orabtreo of SI r. JVlforann was n nlovtr, quaint lnipeisou ntion. As Lndy Teiz'o, Mrs. Heir appeared, to uso n sporting phrnte, In her best form, and tha Mrs. Candour of Mrs. Phillips was thornugh'y legitimate. Miss Dunn made tho most of tho small part of Mario, and Mlsa Green appeared to considerable advantage [is Lndy Snecr woll. Tho apuhtU*'O nt Ilia (all of tho curtain, no loss lb.au the brilliant hiid crowded ? house, showed dearly that Mr. SiminoirVs spirited attempt to show what Mr, Sullivan w«s wlion | ropcrly supported, had mot with sympathy as well ns success. Mr. Sulllvau will leave for Sydnov In it few days, n'ul will bo accompanied by Eovotnl niomb.rd'of tlie'ltoynl company. . ffiio eighteen Maories who have been recorilry. per-, iformiugin Sidney mado their debut on Wednesday! 'evening. The troupo, if nuclra natnb can.'prpnorly'.bo, applied to them, cunslatu of sixteen men,' two women,, antl a young pirl. They nro nil porsons of some con sideration In their native country, ,md belonging to tho ti Ibes nrnund Auckland ,nho havo alsvsys bean friendly (b'lhi Kii|ili»h Government, nro, to uso their own metaphor, Qucou's Maorica, anil not King's Maories. The men present a curious ethnological study. Mwcnlar, above the average of F.uropenns, they afford a rharliaoV contrast to the aborigines of Australia. . The lowerlirahs of tho Maories are particularly well developed, tho faces of the men havo a jovial goodtempored expression, wbilo the weirien nppear to be singularly modest and retiring. The complexion of both sexes is a light copper colour, and they nre not darker than somo of the natives of Southern Europe. Perhaps tho Gipsy .would bo thn lype which appcara to come nearest to tho Maori. Of the intolligonce of the men now performing at the Prin cess's, there cannot be two opinions. Thoir groupings aro admirable, and they exhibited an amount of prorence of mind during some of the contretemps to which n piece on the firtt night nf its representation U subject, which older actors might envy. ' Wbakeau or the Pakeha Maori,' (Pakcha being the nalivo appellation for a while man), the piece in which they appeared, i3 a very poor affair, the hero (Mr. Filrgerald), is an English man, who Iibs elected to live with a tribe of Now Zea landers, by whom ho has heen ' chosen ns chief. Ho owes some secret grudge against a settler, one Mortimer, and repays it by abducting his dtughtcr Alice (Mrs. Jackson). She i«, however, rescued by tho instumentality of her lover, o British naval officer, and a nondescript cockney, amusinglv played by Mr. Greville, who succeeded with his drolleries in infusing eomo liveliness into ihe piece. The whole of Iho interest was concentrated in the Maories, the European portion of tho drama being composed of the most dreary platitudes, and being, besides, constructed witb a total disregard to dramaMc effect. The Maorics have very little to do wilh tho action of '? Whakesu,' and their games, ceremonies, and dincps are introduced withoui much re gard to the unities. In the first scene in which they nppear, two partloi of friendly natives meet, their joy at seeing each other being expressed by a singular noise between n whine and a howl. Their feelings haying been thus relieved, they Equal down, rub noses, and indulge in conversation. Some of them wear rnnfs around their shoullcrs, mado of feathers ; all of them have feathrrs in their hnir, and their arms and lees nro bare. Tho Maories next uppoartdragging across thf- stage a largo war canoe, which they do with a consWer ablo amount ofgoslicnlalion. . They are now sf.lnpcd to tho waist, and their faces, dark with tho murks. of trie tatoo, contrasted wilh their comparatively fair bodies and limbs, give them n wilu and weird-like appearance. In the next scene Mr. Greville is carried off by these niniab'e savages, who uppear to enter thoroagh'ly into tho fun of tbo situation. In the next act they nro seen in their pah, a village surrounded hy a strong palisading, piny ing a game of ball, in which they ovinoo considerable dexteiity.and keep wonderful time. After thispreliminary, they go through a war dance, in which they gradually work themselves into a state of almost frehzv. This per formance appears to resemble very close'ly tho means adopted by all barbarous nnd semi-civilhed nations lo put tbcmsolves into a rage, and would almost suggest that their courage was of the Dutch description and needed a little'stimulant. In tho third act, they per form a species of Maori corrohoree, which bears almost an exact similitude to Ihe Australian, and aro afterwards led to tho exterior of a cavo in which Whakeau. alias Mark Thornton, has entrenched himself. This they tiro about to enter, when the object of their search and a Maori soothsayer inform them that it is tabooed, an announcement' which the}* receive with every sign of horror, nnd decline to proceed nny iurther with Iho attack. Finally, they encounter a hostile tribe, and tho curtain falls (on Wednesday it resolutely declined to fall) upon a native battle, which was the weakest portion of tho entertainment. It requires a very considerable amount of histrionic education to do a dcnth-grapplo naturally; and it is no wonder tho poor New Zealanders did not succeed in giving us a very vivid picluro of Maori warfare. . ' Whakean,' despite it', defects ns a work of art, affords a better opportunity of determining tbo capabilities and physiquo of one of tho finest aboriginal races with which British civilisation has been brought .into contact, than a whole library of blue-books, and we ndviso all onr readers to pay tho Princess a visit. The farce of 'The Two Grcgories' sent the audienco home in excellent humonr. . ' MAMSItt'H M«Y4iI- jTfKomUXT. Notwithstanding tho attractions clsowhcre, this theatre has contrived to hold its own. 'The Six Degrees of Crime' was played for nine nights — a much longer run) considering the vigilance and efficiency of our police, than is usual in this colony,— and was withdrawn on Wednesday, last in favour of ' Nick of tho Woods,' which, though not a 'sensation' drama, according to the latest acceptation oftho word, was sufficiently exciting to interest a tolerably l»rgo nudience. . A hybrid psr furmanoo betw- en n linntomioic and a ballot,- entitled 'TheM'igio Pills, or the Conjurot'a Gift,' has had a run of a fortnight, a sign that these 'pills' tskon beforo bedtime agreed with the audience, and that a repetition ot the do-o wei not objectionable.. Tho mCKR— W1II1 W111CU flu |liu;u, 13- BlUUUCa— W'lnOU ju marknb'.y well, and wero received with paato by the spectators. Madams Theresa nnd Master Geoigo en grossed tho atlentiou of the auilier.ee, nnd ».woro re peatedly applauded, Iho laltsr receiving on encore tvery evening, in a-ongrcpleto with putis, by Mr. J. Muhollaud, entitled ' We've takcu Gardiner.' ? ? .? : .THE AP»H.« BOrstG 1IMI; Tho ottendanoe here has fullan off since tho opening of the llnyranrket, although visitors to that thcutionro nllowcd to visit tho hall or reserved Ecnts nt a con siderably reduced rate. The programmo lemain* with littlo or no alteration. . fjiotihouii. . : ' . Baixaakat.— (From the Star.) — Miss Gougonb elm's reappearance on our stage, on Monday evening, was greeted witli hearty and prolonged applause. The pieco selected was Tom Taylor's admirable and lively comedy 11 Masks and Faces, or, Before and Behind the Curtain.' Miss Gougenheim sustained the character of the heroine, Peg Woflington, and gained a large amount of app1au3e for l,er impersonation, but it will not bo a matter for surprise when we statothat Miss Annie Locltlmrt shared with her tho favour of the audience, by hor very feeling embodiment of Mabel Vine. Mr, Hoskinn had a conge nial part to play in the character of Sir Charles Poman der, and Mr. Edwards made an excellent Triplet. The other characters do not call for spccisl mention. The entertainments concluded with the oomic drams, 'Naval Engagements,' in which Miss Gougenliciiu appeared as BENDIGO. — The following is from the Advertiser:— " For many nights there has been nothing noticeable in the performances at the Lyceum. With a small company at their command, the management have contented themselves with the production of an inferior class of drama and farce, which — though acceptable to a section of our playgoers— can hardly be said to be of a character likely to improve or elevate the minds of those who have witnessed it. On Tuesday evening there was a good attendance, Sheridan Knowles's five act play of 'The Wife'' being performed, for the benefit of Miss Kate O'Reilly. The piece was generally well played, Mr. Cox as Julian St. Pierre, distinguishing himself more especially, was honoured with a call at the end of the fourth and fifth acts. Miss O'Reilly's Mariana was a very excellent performance, and met with the full approval of the audience. The theatre is now closed till the 4th October, when Miss Julia Mathews, Miss Rose Edouin, Mr. Milne, Mr. H. Jackson, and a strong stock Company, will commence a new season with that admirable burlesque of 'The Nvmph of the Lurley berg,' and the drama of 'The Creole.' A fortnight later Mr. Jefferson is to pay us a visit, and no doubt most of our townsfolk will look on his arrival to enjoy a dramatic treat not often brought within their reach.' Gkkioxu.— Wo understand that the Hoynl will he ro-opened on Monday next under the management of Mr. F. Bolfleld. ? . . ? , ? COX.OTCX.tZ,. Adelaide.— Slnco tbo departure of Mr, Grevlllonnd others, tho thoatre ins been devoted : to ballets and farces, in which tlio principal nrtistcs havo bcoii tho Edouins arid Mr. and Mrs, K. Macgownn. Mr. A. J. Solomon is in treaty for n now company from Mel-, bourne. Messi s. Pousmrd and Douay havo boon starring in tho southern parts of the provip.ee. ... . , Duskdi.i.— Tho following extracts from tho Olano Times will nhow how theatrical matters stand nt tno latest Eldorado :— ' ' Hamlet' was played at the Theatre Royal on tho evening of 8th September for tbo first timo in bunedln ; and it was so carefully cast that there was s general smoothness and unity, of effect, which wo have seen not attained in English theatres with far greater resources at command. Mr. Cl.ir.ince Ilolt'e conception of the Priuco of Deiimaik inilinos rather to the reflective and dreamy than to the impulsive model, but the actor did not want fire and energy of uttbranco where they wero needed. Tlio scones wilh the Ghost were perhaps tbo most effective; the hushed 'tones, nnd 'tho look of wondering horror telling finely. Tlio scene with the Gravediggcr, also, was well sustained. Mr, Ryan looked stately and spoko well as the King; Mr. Shiels avoided the common error of making Polonius rather a respect iiblo buffoon than n merely garrulous old courtier, and Mr. O'Brien Qlled tho part of Horatio vory'nlcoly. Mr. Wolfe not only played the Ghost with a good deal of solemnity, but as the First Aotor, ho gavo tho fine rugged speech about ' Old Grnndsiro Priam' witb a grace of feeling not to bo expected from the class of actors to whom the part Is generally confided. Mrs. Claranco Holt looked lo the life' tho queenly Gertrude,' and! played very clcve/ly in the closet scene. Madame Duret was tho Ophelia, and she imparted to tho character much of graco aridol ewtet patho?, heractinj; ns the poor love-mad maiden being espe cijlly.good. ' Too dresses wore nearly ull excellent; and the tragedy may bo said to lmvo beon decidedly successful. U; was followed by.tho farco of ' Tho Secret.' At . the PrincoSii's theatro1 ? ' Jocrisso ' was running, Tbo 'Prestidigitator' nnd his fortunes soom to please more orid more as tho piece is repeated, and it is altogether a very agreeable nnd piquant dramatic dish. . Ibo farco of 'The Lottery 'Ticket,' of course, introduood Mr. Chartos Young as Wormwood, and equally of coursa tbaaudlence had a rich treat.., -Wo have seen the deformed . lawyor's clerk well played frequently, but wo never saw nny actor of; tho character equal to Mr, Young. Tha intensity of his malicious glee, whon he thinks ho has made one more person miserable ; tho odd savagery of his glances and leers; tho grotcsqiioness of the limping run witb which ho boands about on mlechief bent; and the completeness with which all those thingsore moulded nnd compacted, decidedly make Mr, Young's Wormwood a thing lo 1-q seen by all lovers of true, broad, comlc_/ict(!!g. There wero roars of laiigbtcrdiiring tho progress of tho farce, and nvory'shoutof ntiplauso on thn full of the curtain.' SvnsBr.— Tho BUbjolned is from tho Herald of tho 19lb:— ''Dpa Giovanni' wao performed for the nftli .time, vestorday' evehing.'lho.house beinjfwcll filled. It has run through' tho .entire we«k'r* Tbo music of this ;work is no different from Ihufbf tho modern school— so elaborate and orlistloin ebiiHiructioh'— that somo doubts., wcro entertained whether she present company .were nt all equal even to a partial representation, and whether it would suit tbo taste of th«:audlcnce. It-has; however, been successfully produced, and fully appreciated ; -mid though tho mus'ic differs materially, from ' Le Nczzo'ai Figaro,' tho master nilhilof Mozart may bo-( discerned in both by a casuol observer.' The opera is announced, for the last time this evening. On Monday eyoiiing.last the beautiful ShaksperlMi play of 'The Merchant of Tenico' (compressed! inlo four acts), was produced nt. the Lyceum. The Shjlock of Bony is ono of. his hrst: impersonations- bearing marks of that .coreful study, which distinguishes tbo acting of that performer^ under whose manaeement the dramatic .ceacon,_at, the Lyceum —now drawing to a close— has been to successful. The Portia of Miss Fanny Morgan was also excellent, and was received with general applause. In the last, scene sho was particularly successful. The alterpieco was ' Ici on Parlo Francais '—an amusing farce which never fails to bo provocative of hearty laughter. On Tuesday Mr. Charles Jones, tho treasurer of the theatre, took his benefit, a stiong'hill having been provided for Iho occa sion. The principal item of the entertainment was nn equestrian spectacular. drama entitled 'Araxa, or the Secret Mine' Mrs. Charles Jones, Miss Rebecca Jones, Miss Fanny .Morgan, Mrs. Frederick Youngo, and Mrs. Crosby appeared in the courae.of tho evening— their united efforts contributing to impart- aneclttt lo the entire affair, which rendered it not unworthy of the beneficiarc. Mr. C. Gardiner's slud of horses, and the excellent naw sccnery'pninled hy Mr. Wilson, formed no inconsiderable portion of the attractions of tho night. ?The performances commenced with the representation of the comedy of ' The ? Soldier's Bride,' supported by a very powerful cast The d;ima w«' repniugceJ on the following nipht w^', ;n0' p|&ce; entitled ' Dominique tho Deserter.' On Thiirsdny and Friday thedrnma of 'the Sea;,6r'tho Ocean Child' was represented, tho farce of ' My Brother Bill ' being, on both occasions, played as an afterpiece. The perform anoca this evening— the IaH of the present season— will be for the benefit of the lessee, Mr. R. Tolnno, when tho admirable burlesque of ?Eily O'Connor1 will be produced with n variety of entertainments.' ' Lauxceston. — Wo cull the following from the lie- I porter or last Saturday:— ' 1 no dramatic seaton was brought to a close on Wednesday evening by a perform ance for the benefit of the manager, Mr. Charles Poolc, the entertainment being under the special patronnr,o of the Masonic fraternity, of which Mr. Poolo is a promi nent member. The chief item of the programme was the drama of ' Time Tries All,' which went off very suc cessfully, tho characters throughout being creditably sustained. Another leading feature of the entertainment was the deliver}- hy Mr. Poolo of on address appropriate to the occasion, which was received with much cordiality by the audience. The bnrlcsquo of ' Tho Lady of Lynns' brought the performance to a pleasant conclusion. Tho make-up of Mr. Liikin as Pauline, and of Mr. Andrews as the Widow itlelnotte, were, each in its way, perfect; nor was tho rendering of these several parts Ipss com mendable. Mi»j Wardo was vivacious and effectivo S3 Claude, and as usual looked especially captivating in her masculine attiro. Mrs. Andrews'a Modanio Deschappelles was replete with n genial pleasantry which wss quite irresistible, and which set off admirably tho doleful Ues chapiiellcs, tho latter finding a meritorious representative in Mr. Mnnley. The buslling energy infused by' Mr. Stanley into tho pait of Damas was truo to the concep tion of tho uiithor. Wo need scarcely add that the tasteful and ai tislic vocalisation of Miss Wurdc was one of Iho greater.! attractions of the entertainment. The houso was fu'l in all parts, and tho number of ladies in the dress circio was particularly large.' MISCEttti A W KOTUS. Mns. OaKey gavo her musical nnd dramatlo cnter taimneat, hlijlit ' The Masquerade,' on Thursday and last night nt Maryborough. This livening and on Monday ehc is advertised to appear at Tulbot. PnOFES3iosAi.SquAnni.KS — In the District Court, on ? Monday, a plaint was heard, Canna v. Levy, in which the plaintiff nought to recover damages for*an assault The parlies -veta both engaged in the orchestra at the -Princess's Theatre, plaintiff ns professor of the drum, nnd defendant os leader of the band. Some professional differences of opinion as to tho measure of plaintiffs merits led to ill-feeling and discord between the two, and it eventuated in a resort to violence. Defendant said ho went in fear of receiving some mortal injury from Iho plaintiff; but the evidence showed that upon this occa sion the defendant had commenced the fray, and Mr. Hnckelt awarded £10 dnmuges, remarking that defend ant's mode of giving his evidence, nnd the animosity he ?showed towards the plaintiff had induced the Bench to .award heavier damages than would otherwise have been given. ? ? ? ? ? SKIliriiES.-Owlng to the arbitrary operation of the Licensed Victuallers' Act of New South Wales (ridiculon-ily prohibitory of pastimes in connection with licensed houses), which, not having been repealed since tho separation, is still tho law of tho land in, Victoria, the gamo of skittles is very rarely practised 'in .this colony. A publican here is prevented' from affording tho admirers of this exercise »n opportunity of indulg: ing in their favourite recreation, because IheSnlons who passed tho act pronounced, the gnmo of skittles to be Illegal. Hence it is tbat, to the surprise of new arrivals, bur snburban nnd other houses are destitute of a skittle ground. A saloon for this gnme, fitted up in the London stylo, hai, however, recently been opened in the rear of —but detached from — the Victoria hotel, Bourkt street, , to which only, subscribers nre admitted, and where the former admirer* of the -deeds of Dunk, Hunter, and Toogood of London, emulate their play, A novelty in the game was introduced on Tuesday last in the shape of a handicap sweepstake of a eov each, fivo shillings forfeit, for which fifteen players entered, and ten accepted. The largo acceptance whs regarded as showing tho fairness of the handicapping, the non acceptors being absent. Tho ten left in were drawn by lot to play in pairs, the inferior players receiving V£riou9 starts from ono to four chalks out of six. The rfamn wflfl verv fjiirlv nnd frnnrl-huninnrpdlv enndiiotpd. the winners of the final heat being Mr. C, who received £5; Mr. L., £2 10s; and Mr. M'C, . £1 10s. Th« balance of the stakes was spent in a supper, which was (in appropriate wind up to the first skittle hnndicap, we think, ever played- in this colony. A Becond sweep slaku is to be played this afternoon. The PAnicsiouNT Tiiaoedv.— The Zaunccston Ex aminer, of 11th September hnd tha following:— 'Tlio two men nlrcndy in custody on suspicion of being impli cated in this dreadful crime will be brought up to-day for examination xt Longford. Wo are not aware that any additional cvldenco against them has been obtained, so tbat it is probable they will simply ha remanded. How many hands are stained with Ihe blood shed at P.irkmount it is impossible to say. Two at least seem to have been concerned, as Fullerton and the woman appear to havo been shot at tho same instant, nnd lvrhaps n third pursued and shot tho old man Sullivan. It seams that on tbo evening of the day on which tha murders aro supposed to have been committed a man was Beeji on the Like River whoso trousers were marked with, blood, ' and ho ?? was ' very anxious that somo men to whom he npoko should' exchange hoots nnd clothing with him. Looking nt'hls bands, lie is reported; lo havo said, ' tho hunds of n murderer can nover bj washed clean,' Theso nre remarkable words for a guilty man to use, and can only bo explained by supposing that ho wished to lull suspicion by tho very boldness of -the awful insinuation.' It is further stated that, had tho murder nt that', tlmo been known, tho parties spoken to would have; apprehended him. Tho description of this man answers lo that ofamanwho was seen in tho neighbourhood on the morning of the murder. Tho police havo some c!ue to him, nnd tho Superintendent was on his track from Saturday last till Monday, when he lost it at Tunbrldge, but there are reasons for believing thnt bo will be apprehended before long. Wo sincerely hope that the guilty may soon ho detected and brought to punishment, that justice may be sntlBfied, and society relieved of Iho nlarm caused by the presence of undetected murderers in its midst,' — From the Reporter sf the 13th we extract as follows:— 'Tho two prisoners, Parker and Shnrmnn, were brought up on Thursday morning nnd formally charged with the murders at Parktnount. No fresh ovldence- could bo brought against them, consequently they wero'ngnin remanded. The inhabitants appear quite certaluthey are connected in some way with, if not tho actual per petrators of the dreadful crime. Tho reward (£300) may have the effect of throwing some further light upon: iho mysterious affair. Tho evidence of Mr. Woston tends to prove that there must have been more than two persons concerned in it. The first report of firearms appeared to be as if two guns wero discharged almost simultaneously, a prolonged' report, although two could not be distinctly heard, which no doubt was the case, n3 both Fullerton nnd his housekeeper seem to havo heen shot at the namo instant, end without tho least warning. This may bo judged from tho f«ct that Fullerton had a pen in his hand with which ho had been marking somo bulbs, nnd that tho housekeeper was sitting at the table, and upon being shot would seem to have slid from tho chair upon tho floor. Tho prcBump tion therefore is that both must havo boon shot at Iho same time. Very fow seconds had olnpsed after the first report whon the Becoud was heard, Tho man Sullivan appears, upon hearing firearms going off, to have been coining cut of his hut, when he was at onco shot, as the doo.T and tho door poBt against which it oloscs have shot mii.it in a slanting direction.' ' - Sidney Smith said that ' Iho Court of Chancery was like a boa constrictor, which swallowed up the estates of English gentlemen in haste, and digested thorn at leisure.' 'Why don't you wheel that harrow of coals, Nod?' said a learned miner to ono of his soiib. ' It is not n very hnrd job : thero is an inclined plane to relieve,' 'Ah,' replied Ned, who had more relish for wit than work, ' the plane may bo inclined, but bang mo if I am,'1 Two friends meeting after nn nbsenco of eomo years, during which tlmo the ono had Increased considerably in bulk, and thn other still resembled only tho 'tlligy of n man'— said the stout gentleman, ' Why, Dick; you look as if you had not had a dinner since I saw you last.' 'And you,' replied tho other, 'look nsifyou hnd been at dinner ever alneo.' 