GrÄSTOAH, (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) GAYNDAH, March 3. ON Monday last, Mr. C. R. Haly addressed the electors of the Burnett at the Gayndah Hotel, Mr. J. Connolly in the chair. After a few introductory remarks from the Chairman, Mr. Haly came forward, stating that it gave him great pleasure in meeting the electors again, and rendering an account of his parliamentary career in the last session. Since he had the honor of last addressing them, he had been grossly abused by a water styling himself the " Ghost of Ban Ban," and also in the columns of the Burnett Argus. He, for one, was rather surprised that such an amount of abuse should be heaped upon him, as, from the confidence of the electors and the approbation of the honorable speaker, who had many opportunities of watching the members most minutely, reassured him that the manifold statements and absurd charges could not bear thought of truth. As for the "Ghosts Rin|>aq"accubibghim of injuring the district, at, the s'ntßFPPfUB mails to any unprejudiced mind, who took the trouble of going over his career since he had the honor of representing them in the house, appear to come from a mind in a state of fog. The lion, even demand then read extracts from the "Ghost of Ban Ban, commenting on the Barns and, in justification of his conduct, read 6ornefremaiks made by him whilst in the house, both from the Coufipf and Alva Guardian, and referred in particular to his motion regarding the returns of tenders," wherefrom it appeared that he was misrepre seated. He further read an extract from a leader in the /?;/» helf. Argus of fjppferaber 9th, and acquitted JiupselJ most successfully of He gravest charges,/alThe judicial report was thrown out on account of one of its clauses recommending the appointment of three judges, the chief judge to be appointed by the home government. The evidence of several gentlemen, particularly that of Mr. Charles Lilley, made it incumbent on the committee to frame such a clause. Parliamentary usages had to be observed, and a committee had only to state the opinion of the witnesses brought before them. Had that report been received favorably, the country would have had cheap law, but on account of that one clause the report was thrown out. The honorable gentleman read largely from the report mentioned. He also said that the same evidence proved that District Courts were very expensive, and to inaugurate such a system in this colony would be an i in justice to the public large, and until further evidence could be produced he always would vote against their introduction. Mr. Haly then rapidly enumerated the amount of good he was instrumental in effecting for this district, and how, eight or nine years ago, he was trying to serve them, and, although living so far away from Gayndah, and regretting of not having taken up a run nearer, he always had advocated their interests. In illustration he mentioned Nanango, showing how it had increased in buildings and in population, through his always keeping it, even before separation, under the notice of government. In answer to a question from Dr. Thomas, he stated that he was in favor of the two thirds clause, as he believed there was Dothingmoredangerousthanhastylegislation. He voted against the electric telegraph, as in the present state of the colony such a large expenditure of money, with roads in a very bad condition, was unadvisable. Were that money expended in bridging a portion of our roads, or a larger sum for the same purpose, it would have his hearty consent, he being in favor of bridging even the smallest Creek, but not at such a rate as the present bridges were built. The bridges wanted ought not cost more than £7 10s. per yard, and he exhibited a model, the construction of which he believed would not cost more. In answer to certain questions, he replied that he voted for the first reading of the Masters' and Servants' Act, but on account of family matters was prevented from being in the house during its passing through its various stages. However, he would have voted for all its clauses, with the exception of the second. The same reason was assigned as regards the Gagging Act, but not having studied it very attentively, he could not state his intention with regard to all the clauses, but he would certainly have amended that one which was BO stringent on the press. He voted for £2000 a year for Judge Lutwyche. (The proceedings at this point became rather disorderly, and although interruptions had before taken place, the uproar now reached its climax. The only remark I was able to catch was the proposal of a vote of censure by Dr. Thomas, and seconded by Mr. H. C. M'Koy, which was passed. I am compelled in justice to state, however, that the passing of the vote of censure by no means represents the real sentiments of the electors. So far as I was able to judge, those voting for it were mostly non-electors.) The meeting broke up shortly afterwards. All necessary arrangements have been made, the site properly defined, and the work set out, for a bridge over the Barambah, of which the superintendence will be under the management of Mr. Morrison. The bridge, when completed, will be 260 feet in length, over all. The works-of Oakey-Creek-bridge have been taken out of the hands of the con- tractors s in consequence of its progressing so slowly, and the term of its completion having expired. many months since. I un stand the above work and the whole of the road between Maryborough and Gayndah will remain under the superintendence of Mr. D F. Longland. 'Since' the arrival of Mr. Roberts in the district, a great quantity of work has been set out, which, if properly attended to, will occupy the time of the officers in charge the whole of the year. It is the intention of that gentleman to leave the district in a day or two, and proceed overland, to Rockhampton. Since the 1st January nine patients have been admitted into the hospital, viz. 5 paupers and 4 pay,' discharged 5, and 2 deaths. Inmates at the end of the year, 5 patients; leaving at present in the hospital 7 patients-viz., 4 pay, and 8 paupers. The hopes of a great number of persons have been again blighted through the departure of Mr. Postelwhaite, and the inconvenience is now more severely felt, as the new Registration Act requires that before any subdivisions can be effected, the land must be surveyed by a properly qualified surveyor. It is, the undoubted duty of government, when acts are passed for the benefit of the public, to give that public the opportunity of partaking of their advantages. It has been proclaimed far and wide that a surveyor should proceed at once to this place and commence active operations ; hut, till now, nothing has been (Jane, How long such a step P,f things is to last, it is impossible to foretell. On Wednesday evening last, Mr. Cr. E. Loyau gave a reading of selections from his unpublished poetry, at the School of Arts. There was a very fair attendance, and the audience, among which were a number of the fair sex, expressed their approbation of the whole. In the absence of the president and vice-presidents, Mr. M'Nee took the chair. The reading, which occupied nearly two hours was somewhat voluminous, and was admitted by all parties present to be very good, We are happy to be enabled to report the safe return of Mr. Alexander Walker and another from their trip to the_mouth_of,lhe Burnett; the remainder of the party, is credited, with rations from a neighboring station, have again set forth to obtain some horses which had strayed from them during their last camp. Very rainy weather had been experienced by the whole party, on their homeward route, notwithstanding which, their health have been as well as I could be wished. They report the country 1 as being admirably adapted for either agri f cultural or pastoral purposes. The timber is of an excellent desciiptión-ceda^, pure, blood, and other woods being abundant. Water was plentiful and good, except near to the case, wherein was found to be rather brackish. Kangaroos, pheasants, turkeys, and - pigeons were numerous. No aboriginals were/mot,with on the coast, along which the party travelled for some considerable distance, Not being provided with a boat, it was impossible for the party to take soundings of the river, but from its general appearance they are of opinion that there is a good entrance for any moderate sized vessel, especially a steamer.-£urnett> Argus. / vw - . - In consequence of the late rains vegeta- tion is rapidly advancing, --Nature now has put on her finest garb, and every spot presents a beautifully verdant appearance. Butj whilst vegetables, fruits, and flowers are flourishing, so, too, are weeds. The Bathurttburr (that terror and annoyance to. the sheep farmer) 8 springing up in all directions, unheeded. We would direct public attention' to it in time- At Canowindra, and numerous other townships in New South Wales, wherein this glowing evil has gained ground, these places appear literally swallowed up by it, and the inhabitants seem f to have no remedy but to still let it grow. We I do not wish to see the burr take root over of Gayndah, and, would, therefore, betimes hint to our community, each and all, either to cut it up themselves, or otherwise employ labor for the same. A few hours work at present may save time and trouble in future. Ibid. 