THE ZOOLOGY OF THE DECCAN. MICE. RATS. &c.; (By Edwin Arnold, M.A., in the Yeoman ) IT will to be to omit the mice and rats of the Deccan from these brief notes upon its zoology, while, at the same time, these vermin scarcely deserve a chapter to themselves. I shall compromise the matter, therefore, by speaking here of all the four-footed and other plagues which haunt an Indian bungalow. At the same time, it would be very forgetful of Hindoo mythology to despise the mouse. " Chooa," as he is called, was the vehicle or conveyance of the god Ganges, and that deity is never depicted without him. In the Sanskrit Uitopodcsa, or Book of (Good Counsel's, the mouse-Hivanyaka, s. s., " Golden Pur" is one of the principal characters, and quite a hero for courage and fidelity. Whether, indeed, mouse or rat is meant by the Sanskrit " muslin " is not quite clear is no oriental language troubles itself with general. cal distinctions. It is the same with the vernaculars. "Choon" is mouse or rat, just as may happen ; the hare and the domesticated rabbit are both " Basset ;" antelope and deer are all called " hurren ;" and birds, unless distinguished by their cry, or by notable size or qualities, are known as "chimpanzee," or small game." The native salaries know very little of specific distinctions, and Hindoo literature is just as innocent of them. However, in the "bandicoot," the Deccan has a rat worthy a special name, and the Deccanecs give this particular one that of "ghosts." His title with naturalists is Mrs giganteus, and he deserves it. Twelve, thirteen, and fourteen inches are not uncommon measurements for the body alone of this gigantic vermin, and the tail measures almost as much again. The name "bandicoot" is a corruption of the Tetoo good words "pandi-kokka," meaning the Kogarah. The bandicoot is commoner below than above the grass, and the specimens which I have I seen were in Bombay. One especially, lying dead in the kennel of the native bazaar in that city, was more like a well-grown cat than the animal ordinarily its prey. The bandicoot is a cleaner feeder, however, than its smaller relatives ; it lives almost wholly upon grain, fruit, and vegetable matter generally, and is principally obnoxious for the astonishing; burrowa which it makes under walls, and about the foundations of buildings. The Mut demands, the well-known brown or Norway rat is more familiar to Indian residents in the Deccan than can be considered pleasant. It haunts the stations in my madE, living in the roofs of the outbuildings and in holes at the roots of trees and shrubs The thick cactus-clumps, particularly about a cantonment, abound with them, and a general bustle among the dry spines, and a whisking of long tails into holes, occurs upon the passing of a footstep. This rat is in every respect similar to the brown.j.icketcd immigrant who came to England in 1730, and seems likely to stay there. In the Deccan he is perhaps even more impu- dent than at home, as domestic cats are rare, and traps not coiEmon. My house; was a large and well built one of masonry and brick, but it was as much the residents as decumanus as my own. Every evening, at dinner, a scratching at the Venetian blinds announced the rests, who proceeded, after getting through, to hop down upon the floor, and run in single file into the bedrooms. The worst point of this intrusion arises from their fondness for cocoanut oil. The night-lamp in an Indian sleeping-rooms a wick of cotton afloat in a tumbler of this commodity, to which the rats are so passionately given that they not unfrequently drag the lighted wick over upon the tablecloth, and endanger a conflagration, It is useless to endeavour to exclude them. After arming myself with a battery of slippers, &c.;, to hurl at them, and finding that the discharge had only a momentary effect, I succumbed, and always left the door open rather than hear their pertinacious gnawing at it. It is no consolation to poison them, as they always die in an extremely in- convenient place and the ants do not find them out so soon as the too- sensitive nose. Fortunately, they have their enemies. The mongoose cherishes perpetual hostility with them; the great Deccan owls and the kites Mothers Corinda) pick them up occasionally and the jungle-cats live upon them. Perhaps their worst enemies, though, are the snakes ; next to a young frog, the Deccan reptilia seem to relish a brown rat. One constantly finds them dis- tended in the middle with a huge, undigested, lump, which turns out to be his decimals. I recollect to have found in the jungle a cobra, whose head pro- truded from one end of a cat's hole with the occupant in his jaws, while the tail of the Snake writhed out of that by which he had entered. Besides this race there are two or three species of mouse, one much resembling the English harvest mouse, but larger in size. Another has a light chesnut coloured body, with rufous belly, and extremely long tail. A mouse of this kind led to the capture of a great cobra which had long infested my compound. It had got into a dry cistern beside the Oxwell, and a green tree snake had seen and followed it. The cries of the mouse attracted the cobra, and when I arrived at the spot the two snakes seemed to be fighting for the victim. "A blow with the boar-spear cutthehead of the cobra in two just as he was expanding it, but he struck viciously at the staff until another broke his spine. The green snake was also despatched, and the mouse made his escape, apparently uninjured. I have found the Esme mouse in the stomach of other snakes, and made good preparations of the double skeleton by placing it in the track of an ant heap. Another and less familiar pest of the Indian house 'hold is the Sorez indicus- the musk-shrew. The Mahrattas call it " cheechandur," and the residents mustered ; but it is a shrew, considerably larger than any seen in England. It has an astonishingly strong musky odour, arising from glands which are especially developed in the male and it communicates this in a very disagreeable way to everything with which it comes in contact. Very particular persons cannot drink beer out of bottles upon which the muskrat has passed, and it is undoubtedly a great nuisance. It shuffles across a room full of people at night, with a little sharp " sweet," and so long as it keeps out of the go. down or store-room is not much regarded. This great and strong. seen ted- shrew is found all over India, as well as in the Deccan, and is much more common on the coast indeed than there. Besides these constant inmates, delicate nerves in the Deccan have to stand a good deal in the way of unpleasant intruders. Snakes, of course, occasionally find their way indoors, and sometimes get into the foot of a boot. A recall with a shudder the sensation caused me by feeling something soft and cool under my foot in introducing it once into my riding-boot. A kick and a jerk sent it flying, and to my relief a fat road, and not a whip snake, rolled out from it. Then, from behind a picture-frame or a box a scorpion will occasionally make its appearance, or a centipede will start across the floor, and pursue his hideous wind- ing way till the slipper of one of the excited servants cuts it short. One Bays and thinks nothing of the little house lizards which 'creep about the walls, and drop from the ceilings occasionally into the soup ; nor of the swarms of winged things which are (always excepting the' mos- quitoes) tolerably harmless. It is curious, however, in the beginning of the rains, when the lamp is first brought on table, to see the cloth instantly covered with hundreds of the flying ants. They alight, deliberately unhook their wings, leave them lying, and disappear to terrestrial pursuits. If you examine the raid by appendages, there is a curious little hook and socket, which seems as if it could be adjusted again as easily as it was unfastened. These are a few of the disagreement, large and little of a Deccan bungalow. They are more formidable in description than- reality and ladies who shudder in England at a cockroach scarcely interrupt their neighbour's conversation at dinner while they request him to remove a lizard from their dress, or a large buzzing beetle from their head-wreath. HAPPINESS, The measure of happiness depends not so much on what a man possesses of good absolutely, as on the relation of what he has to what he wants. The great reason why men are so often unhappy amid an abundance of good things is that their sense of want is greater than their sense of possession. A man with a competent income is unhappy because he wants a fortune ; a man with great wealth is unhappy because he wants eldest, distinction, and fame; and so of other cases. On the other hand, but on the same principle, the effect of any calamity upon a man's happiness is determined not by the greatness of the calamity in itself, so much as by the relation which the mischief it inflicts bears to what the man retains unaffected by it. What care the lord of a thousand acres because the wind has blown down a tree or, two on some corner of his estate ' What cares the man of boundless wealth for the in justice which has robbed him of a few shillings > 'Who, in the enjoyment of robust health, would allow' himself to be depressed because one of his fingers reached? The loss is, no doubt, a loss; the suffering is, no doubt, a suffering and, so long as the mind attends only to it, there may be both annoyance and impatience. But whenever the mind realises that, whatever be gone, immensely more remains: whatever be painful, there is still retained what is pleasant in an immensely larger degree-the balance of equanimity is recovered, and the.- ' ' this is concerned, peace Dr. Thought and Work." man enjoys, so far as Alexander's "Christian 