SHIPS' MAILS. MAILS will close at the General Post Offlco as follows : Fou BRISMANL.-By the Telegraph (s.), this day, at 3.S0 p.m. Fon SiiAhoiiAi -By tho Bankside, on Saturday, at noon. TOR MKLMOUBJ,-,-By the City of Melbourne (s.), on Saturday, at 3 SO p ni. Fon CALLAO -BJ the City of Bristol, on Monday, at 6 p.m. Foa VV -LUPTON,-By tho Louis and Miriam, on Monday, at 6 p ni. Eon BocKUAJtrTo:..-By the Balclutha (s,), on Tuesday, at S 30 p m. CVSTOM HODBF.-Entered outwards, July 9 : Princess of Wale«, ship, 1204 tonB, Captain Cay/er, for Java and Manila. The Diamantina (s ), from Manning Rner, crossed tho bar at noon on the 8th, and arrived here at 9 a.m , 0th instant. She bad heavy wcsterlj gales to off Newcastle, and moderato weather to Svdney. She brings as passengers-Mr. and Mrs Mayor and 3 children, Captain rirtb, Mrs. Bcglio, Mrs. Cleanan, Mrs. and Miss Dixon, Mrs, M'lvay, Messrs, Stephens, Richardson, Ahron son, and ni e in the steeraee. Cargo, 4G7 baga maize, 2G cases eggs, 9 coops fowls, 11 hides, 53 pigs, 6 bags oysters, 2 packages bacon. The Urara (s.) left tho wharf, Brisbane, at noon on Tuesday; cleared Capo Moreton at;5 p ni., had frefih gale from W.S VV, to Solitaries, thence strong S W. «nil, with a high Bea from 8 E to the Heads, which she entered at 4 15, arriving at tho wharf at 5 p ni, 9th instant. She paEscd BB. James Paterson and Williams fifteen miles north of Smokv Cape, at 4 30 p m., on Wednesday, the 8th instant. Wc learn hy telegram that tho Agnes Irving, from Sydney, arrived at Grafton on Wednesday morning, and tho Grafton, with tho TJloom in tow, on Wednesday evening. The Uloom ia to bo employed as a tender to collect cargo from tho upper part ;of tho river for the sea-going vessels of the Clatenco and Richmond River -team Navigation Company. She is 100 feet long, eighteen feet wide, and will carrj about 800 bags of maize with caso. She fa propelled by an overhanging stern wheel, and will go from six to eight miles an hour, according to the cargo she has on board, Sho was built at the A. S. N. Company's works, at Pjrmont, and ia con- sidered a rcn.arkably good íessel of her class. Tho Ulmarra, which has been on the rii cr droughing for the last two years, will now v hut the lower part of the river only. A largo number of free selectors are settled on the Clarenco Bil cr district, who arc bringing their land under onltiiation and planting maize most extensively. Ihe Express, from Melbourne the 4th instant, reports the Triumph as having sailed on tho 1st instant for Sjdney, with a curyo of sugar. We understand that the clipper schooner Hamlet's Ghost has been purchased from Captain Bennett by Messrs. J, and G. Harris -Queensland Guardian, July 7, 