LATESTJNEWS. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH). (PEE GORDON AND Q0TCH). MELBOURNE, FEB. 12,1663. Import markets, little doing. Mail anxiously expected. Horses continue in demand for Otago. Escorts, 33,000 ounces. Dr Hunter disobeying order for alimony— case remanded for forty-eight hours. Great number of volunteers left by tiain for the Encampment Balliere has published Stewart's journal. SYDNEY. Escorts, eleven thousand ounces. ADELAIDE. Agricultural Show—large attendance. ANGLO-SAXON WEDDINGS.—Not till the ninth or tenth century did women obtain the privilege of choosing or of refusing their husbands. Often they were betrothed as children, the bridegroom's pledge of marriage being accompanied by a "security," or "wed," whence comes the word " wedding." Part of the wed always consisted of a ring, placed upon the maiden's right hand, and there religiously kept until transferred to the other hand at the later nuptials. Then, also, were repeated the marriage vows and other ceremonies, out of which those now prevailing have grown. "The bride was taken "for fairer for fouler, for betterifor'worse, for richer for poorer, 1 ' and promised to. be buxom and bonny" to her fujaire husband. At the final ceremony the bridegroom put" the ring upon each of the bride's left hand fiugers in turn, saying, at the first, "in the.name of the Father;" at the second, " in the name of the Son;" at the third, " in the name of the Holy Ghost; at" the fourth, "Amen." Then, also, the father gave to his new son one of his daughter's shoes, in token of the transfer of authority which he effected, and the "bride was at one made to feel the change by a tap or a blow on her head given with the shoe. The husband, on his part, took an oath to use his wife well If he failed to do so she might leave him, but by law he was allowed considerable license. He was .bound in honor to tea tow on his wife and his apprentices moderate castigation." We have nothing'to show the exact amount of castigation held moderate by the Anglo Saxons, but one old Welsh law decides'that three blows with a broomstick on any " part of the person except the head," is a fair allowance, and another provides that the stick be not longer than the husband's arm, nor thicker than his middle finger. Prior to the seventh century, a wife might at any time be repudiated on proof of ber being either barren, deformed, silly, passionate, laxarious, rude, habitually drunk, gluttonous, very garrhlous, quarrelsome, or abusive. "Am I sot a little pale 1" inquired a lady who was short and corpulent, of a crnsty old bachelor. " You look; more like a big tub !" was the short and blunt reply. 