THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1863. In the legislo,tive.Council yesterday, His Excellency gave his assent to a bill to .appropriate revenue, Mr. Hervey, introduced by Mr. Power and MT. Henty, took the oaths and his Beat on the Ministerial benches. Mr. FAWKNER moved the adoption of an address to His Excellency on rthe relations existing between England and America, and the necessity of erecting defences an Hobson's Bay. Tho hon. member supported his motion at great length. Mr. Hull seconded the motion ; and warmly complimented Captain Scratchley for his ser- vices in connexion with the defence of the port. Mr. COLE proposed an addition to tho mo- tion, that inquiries should be instituted to ascertain whether iron-clad floating batteries or gunboats could not be built in the colony more cheaply than imported from England. Mr. DEQBAVES supported this addition io the motion. Mr. IIiiiVEY did not oppose the motion? but said a despatch had been received from Sir John Burgoyne by last mail, recommend- ing the Government not to be hasty in de- termining on their measures of defence. Mr. STRACHAN submitted an amendmont, limiting the address to the subject of the for- tification of the Heads. Mr. C/MVBSLL seconded the amendment, Which was carried. Mr. HBBVET moved tho second, reading of tho Governor's-Salary Reduction Bill, which was agreed to._ The bill was Ithen committed, the-3rd clause struck out, and reported. The Bankruptcy Bill was withdrawn. The Council then adjourned till this day. In the Legislative A6Sombly yesterday, Dir. M'COLLOOU laid on tho table a copy of a. despatch from His Excellency to the Duke of Newcastle, on the subject of the kidnapping lately practised in the Pacific Ocean. The despatch was read, on the motion of Mi. Richardson. Mr. LOADER gave notice of a motion on the subject of Her Majesty's right to tho gold in [ the soil, and mining on private property gene- rally. In anBwer to Mr. Brooke, Mr. M'CDLLOOH said no application had been made to the Governniont on the subject of pensions under the recently drawn up re- gulations. His Excellency, however, had per- mitted him to say that applications had been ] made to him for pensions by the two horJf members for Villiers and Heytesbury, p,nd subsequently by Dr. Evans. His Excellency had applied to the law officers for their opinion on a certain point, and warrants had been sent to his (Mr. M'OulIoch's) office, to have the seal of the colony affixed. The law officers had advised that the Government could not refuse to allow the seal to be affixed, as desired. Mr. BROOKE.-Then the Government assents to the principles laid down in those regu- lations? Mr. M'OOUOCH.-The Government assents to nothing. Practically, it has done nothing in the matter. Mr. BBOOKB gave notice that he would move a resolution on tho subject on an early day, with a view to the initiation of legisla- tive action on the subject. In answer to Mr. Morton, Mr. HiaiNBOTHAsr said the Dog Act required amendment, and ho would give tho subject his consideration during the recess. \- In answer to Mr. W. 0. Smith, Mr. GIUNT said he had not yet had an opportunity of bringing the subject of the construction of the loop-lino near Geelong before his oolleaäues. Mr. B. G. DAVIES gave notice of motion (by way of address) for the appointment of a com- mission on tli9 subject of the late violations of the Electoral Act by rcturning-officers and ' justices of the peace. In answer to Mr. M'Oann, Mr. GRANT stated that ho hoped tho Local Government Bill would become law ia the course of the following week, and that the Treasurer would then be in a position to make advances towards tho erection of roads and bridges. Mr. MOLLISON gave notice of a motion for_a return of all moneys poid to the clerk of Parliament for the preparation of bills. Mr. LEVI gave notice of ji resolution as to the assessment to ba proposed under the new Land Act. Mr. IIEALES moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Land Act. The measure would be circulated on Friday, and he pro- posed to take the second reading on Tuesday next. , The motion was agreed to, and tlu bill read a fust time. .1 Mr. HiaitniorHAM moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Electoral Act of 1863. He explained ttio circumstances which, ren- dered necessary an extension of timo for tho completion of the registration of electors. * It was proposed to create a first supplementary roll, which would be opon till the 25th of Sep- tember. It was not proposed to alter the act as regards registration in municipalities, and dibtricts to be created under the Local Go- vernment Act; but a provision would-be in- troduced for the better preparation of the electoral roll in tho30 shires. Tho right of seoret voting -would be íestored, It was to bo regretted that such a chango in the law should havo been introduced 'by the late Government, cither by oversight or wilfully, without informing the House'and the country fully on tho point. Tho 114th clause of tho act thoroughly destroyed the secrecy of tho ballot. Though he, and ma_y of his colleagues, thought the bill contained many objectionable provisions, they conld not ask the House to reverse its action in the same session; and they were willing that their views should be tested by the practical working of the bill. He had felt some sur- prise on discovering that a bill introduced^ a conservative measure embraced an extreme radical proposition - namely, that women should exercise the franchise. Mr. WOOD would not oppose the motion, but he denied that the bill conferred the right of voting on females. It might be that a female was a ratepayer, but it was intended in the Municipal Institutions Act that only males should exercise the franchise. Ho was not prepared to admit that the secrecy of the ballot was violated. The 42nd section of the Evidence Act could not apply to voting papers. Some members desired to make poll. tical capital out of this Bubject, but he did not believe that any man in the colony cared for the secrecy of tho ballot. Its only value in this colony was as a police regulation. ' ' Mr. MIOIIIE said the bon.' member would have dono better if he had simply disavowed his knowledge of the fact that the bill inten- tionally took away tho right of secret voting. He differed with the lion, member as to his law on the subject of the Evidence Act. His late experience had shown him the value of the ballot. Mr. WOOD bad no wish to conceal anything from the House. A clause similar to that in the Electoral Act was contained in the Local Government Act, and also in the Municipal Institutions Act, and they had been pointed out to the House and modified. He was not aware until the Electoral Bill was beforo the House that it contained the particular provi- sion referred to. Mr. DON thought that as the lawyers dif- fered, they should make sure of the secrcsy of the ballot. Mr. IRELAND stated distinctly that ho took the entire responsibility of inserting the clause referred to in the Electoral Act. He had not had an opportunity of submitting the subject to his colleagues, and had instructed the draftsman to insert tho clause with a view to further legislation on tho subject, which, how evor, had been abandoned. He supported the bill now proposed, as ho believed the secrcsy of the ballot to bo useful as a police regulation at elections, if otherwise objectionable. Mr, GRANT reminded the House that he had warned members at tho timo of the ¡preciso effect of tho clause referred to. Mr. .SNODGRASS was glad to hear that the lion, member for Warrnambool was not re- sponsible for the clauso of the Electoral Bill referred io. Mr. O'SHANASSY said tho bills proposed by tho lato Government had been almost in- variably submitted to their supporters in private meetings. The clauso affecting the ballot had never beon discussed by the late J Cabinet, and the members of the Govern ment wera not aware that the bill contained a clause of the character re- ferred to. Ho was delighted to see thaé the Government had swallowed every bill of the late Ministry. Tho election of ono mem- ber of tho Government-Mr. Grant-had shown the value of tho Electoral Bill. Ex- perience had already shown that the bill was not: ono of A disfranchising character. After somo observations in reply from 'Mt. Higinbothnm, " ^ _Tho motion was agreed to, and the "bul read a first time. The Paitnorships Bill and the lleal Property Act Amendment Bill were read. & third time, and passed. The House then went into Committee of Supply, Mr. VERDON s"Jid tho condition of the finances required, that he should make some explanations bdforo he asked the committee for further vjtes. Be justified the course ho had followed in appending a memorandum to the stateraent of revenue lately published in the Gaz ük, and proceeded to show. the differences between the amounts estimated and r eceived for the first half of the year, tho totaux amount of the deficiency being £1G1,092. Tfjnt deficiency was easily accounted for, antL r/aradoxical as it seemed, WBB not so unsatis- factory as it might appear at first sight. Tho j ugly fact remained, howover, that tho Govern ment went into office with a deficiency staring I them in the face. It was anticipated that the ! revenue for tho last half of the year would be £1,139,708, which would make the income for the year £2,673,724. The estimated expenditure was £2,689,064. A farther sum of £101,000 had been reported, and tho sums not yet reported amounted to £353,721. This left the totaj. expenditure for the year at £3,147,675, leaving" a probable balance againstthe year of £473,951 There were two courses open to him under these circumstances- to stay all public ex- penditure not absolutely necessary, or to propose fresh taxation, and he preferred the first. The nett difference between his esti- mate of the income and that of Mr. Haines was £294,739. He estimated that the balance for the year 1862 would bo £180,000. The in- come in tho first six months of the year was £1,140,101, and he estimated that in the last six months it would amount to £1,510,757, or a total for tho year of £2,830,861. Ho proposed to strike off the proposed vote of £60,000 for an iron-clad vessel. The interest on debentures for public buildings, calculated at £20,000, would not be required.- There had been an over-estimate of £20,000 for roads; and there would bo a saving of £15,000 of interest on the railway loau, and of £70,000 on "special appropriations." These sums, with other smaller amounts, would make» a total of'£189,359, to which he added a sum of £120,000 tis the estimated sayings on the year. These together mado £309,359' which, deducted, left a credit balance of £75,345. There wore, however, additional Estimates amounting to £83,600 ; '£25,000 for I educational purposes, £10,000 of special appro- priations, and £20,000 for road boards. These together made ¿£113,000. Deducting the credit j balance of £75,345, there would thus be a | dtbit balance at the. end of the year of £38,255. Ho believed that would bo ex- tinguished by savings on the year beyond his estimate, which was a low one ; and, at all events, the House might safely rely that the debit balance at the end of the year would not exceed £38,000, while, if the savings approached a low average, the credit balance would bo £12,000. (Hear, hear.) ' In answer to Mr. Haines, , Mr. VÏRDOÎÎ said he estimated that tho sum available for immigration purposes for the year would be £144,000, in place of the £214,000 estimated at the commencement of .the year. Mr. HAKJ_3 criticised the statement just made, and expressed his regret that less money than had originally been proposed would bo spent on immigration. ,; Mr.'O'SHANASSY also reviewed the,state- ment of the Treasurer, and objected to 'some of the main reductions proposed by him. Mr. M'COLLOCH. in renlv. stated it was the intention of the Ministry to provide, .early next session, for persons affected by lunacy. They would proceed, however, in a different manner from that proposed by the loto Go- vernment. He calculated that £170,000 would be'available for immigration, and that at the close of tho year there would be a surpluB to carry forward. After some observations from Mr. MICHIE, The Supplementary and soma of the'Addl tional Estimates wore veted, that for educa- tional pmposes being postponed. . The Supreme Court Bill was road a third time, and passed. Somo further business was transacted, and the House adjourned. Our colonial Chancellor of the Ex- chequer has been delivered of his budget. The birth, albeit attended with evident preliminary marks of anxious labour, had nothing of a very startling cha- racter about it. As a rule, financial statements are not a very sensational piece of literature, and as yet Mr. GLAD- STONE'S art lias not been plagiarized of investing tlie Customs returns with a poetic interest, or imparting an Attic_ grace to the arithmetical cohsideiation of debenture stock. But -> extraneous circumstances lent a more than ordinary" curiosity to the Treasurer's figures of last night. They had at once a retro- spective and a prospective significance ; and whilst they were expected to be, in a political sense, an impeachment of his~ predecessor, in a personal sense the public attention was called to them as justificatory of his own assumption of office. As regards the first feature in Mr. VERDON'S essay, there is no case against tlie accused. Mr. HAINES has been put on his trial, and is fairly entitled to a verdict ol acquittal. As we took occasion to point out in estimating tho quarterly state- ment, that gentleman's prophetic powers, as far as the Customs returns aro con- cerned, lias becn'amply justified, and in fact there is rather an increase than a falling-off in such items of the revenue as are allowed to be indicative of our commercial prosperity. Mr. VERDON1 makes a virtue of necessity, and acknowledges this, and a good deal more. The candid spirit which marks that financier's concessions to his rival in the science cannot, indeed, be too much praised. Mr. HAINES needs no more cordial panegyrist. Even his shortcomings are excused, and that one particular miscalculation " above its "fellows marked for fame," in the shape of the deficit from the territorial revenuo, is " easily accounted for," Nay, more, the evangelic humour carries him yet further in his very Chris tian career of exculpation, and the railway deficiency, which, in another do- cument, he, and on another occasion his chief, Mr. M'CCTLIOOIT, at Mornington, not very long since emphasized, is not a deficiency at all, but "the result of an " excessive estimate, which it would be " unfair to find fault with." At the same time, the balance-sheet is more in- exorable than Mr. VERDON, and the .ugly fact remains that " a very consider ." able deficiency mot the new Qovera " ment." After the failure of the territorial revenue, it is not too much to say that thk announcement does not cany the charm »of novelty with it. NOT can any special crt-dit for originality be awarded to its author for the remedy ivith which he proposes io encounter it. There -, were just three methods open to Mr. VERDON of ^restoring'the lost balance, ' two of which, wera evidently imprac- ticable. He has selected the third. The imposition of frdsh taxes to supply a deficieticy in the. national income which happily can only be episodical, would simply be inflicting a permanent mis- j fortune un the country, to remedy the calamity of a moment. The second cours.-the stoppage by order of Go- vernment of an expenditure that Go- vernment had authorized, as Mr. VERDON himself words it-" might be considered " unjustifiable." The third and remaining process that suggested itself, was to re- duce the deficiency, and allow it to stand I jjver as a charge on tho following year and this plan was adopted. More or less than this could hardly have boen | expected, and if thero is not enough of | originality in it to justify the new Trea- surer in crying " Eureka !" it is never- theless based on the sound and popular principle of all finance-economy. The law of savings is to be the golden rule of the Treasurer's financial system for the rest of the year, and the knife is to-be applied in the most approved style of financial surgery to the overgrowth of the state's recent husbandry. The de- fences are to be postponed, and in the present stage of the discussion, apart from all economical considerations; with good reason ; ¿£20,000 are proposed to be withdrawn from an estimate in aid of roads; £70,000, under the head of appropriations, to be similarly dealt with ; and, among other items, a por- tion of the immigration fund to be diminished or transferred. Tho result of all this manipulation will be, that a debit balance of not more than £38,000 will swell the next year's aocounts of the country. Under favour table circumstances, if the doctrine of averages prove faithful to lum, Mr. VERDON will establish his reputation, and show a credit balance of a yet greater amount. Happy the Chancellor of the Exchequer who can thus make a name for himself in history. On glancing over a re- sume of his statement, this consideration suggests itself to the profane bystander namely, that the difficulties under which .the finances of a country are labouring cannot bo very complicated, out of which "the means of extrication appear so easy and reasonable. Mr. VBBWON may for the present congratulate him- self, with old TIMON'S steward, on having stopt the mouths of present dues ; but the country will await with some anxiety the more detailed treatment of a subject which he has as yet rather handled than mastered. The amendments in the Electoral Act introduced by Mr. HIGINBOTIIAM into the House last night have no other ob ject, as we anticipated, than to remove some of the obstacles against the fair operation of that measure whicli have been caused by the change of Govern- ment, and to restore us to the full en- joyment of the precious privilege of secret voting. The Government of Mr. M'CULLOCH has wisely decided not to interfere with any of the principles of the Act, even at the risk of offending some of their patrons of the Liberal party. The period for registration under manhood suffrage is to be extended "to the 25th of September next, so that every possible facilities may be given to voters at a distanco to secure them- selves in' their electoral rights. The doubts as to the operation of the clause regarding the ratepayers' rolls have been removed by placing the ratepayers in the to-be-created shires and districts on the same footing as those on the existing municipal rolla. The delay caused by the non-passing of the two Local Government Bills at the proper time will, in effect, bo remedied ; and the amendments will so provide as that the full working of the Electoral Act in every point will be secured from the 31st of October next. The amendment as to the ballot is of the least possible impoitance, although there can be no objection to the Houso providing greater securities for the due maintenance of secret voting if it pleases. The question has been raised to an ab- surd degree of consequence by the dis- cussion last night between the late and the present Ministers of Justice. It is really not worth disputing whether the ballot ought or ought not to be better secured, in the face of the notorious fact, that there are not half-a-dozen persons in the community who are opposed to the ballot as it now exists in Victoria. It is a singular proof of the ignorant tenacity with which the so- called Liberals cling to every article of their tradi- tional creed, that they have even contrived | to get up an enthusiasm in favour of the ballot, although it is now confess- edly a conservative institution in this colony. The word itself is adhered to as though it were a charm of fearful and mysterious power. But we might as well get excited about the Tropic of Capricorn, or about the Speaker's wig, as about the ballot. In the minds of Messrs. DON and RAMSAY there is no doubt that the ballot still i tains some kind of influence, as though it were the very Shekinah of Liberalism. It used to be so in the old days of the Glasgow spouting shop and the Perth chartist club ; and it is of course diffi- cult to persuade members of the pure Liberal party that there is not some- thing holy and awful about the ballot. It is a kind of fetish which it is the duty of the true Liberal to worship- a very wooden deity, indeed, and very much the worse from the kisses of its adorers, but respectable from old asso- ciations, and a very passable god when there are so few in the Pantheon. It is difficult to believe in the sincerity of Mr. MICHXE'S trust in this, the very shabbiest of the Liberal idols. We might almost suspect that the astonish- ing fervour with which the Government has gone into the defence of the ballot, is only a clever device to draw some of its followers away from the consideration of some of the greater abominations ?which a truly Liberal Ministry has been compelled to swallow. The tremendous pother about the ballot is perhaps only the smoko, under cover of wliich the great guns of the cause are surrendered to the enemy. ¡So some of the converts <?f St. FRANCIS XA-VIKE, in giving in their adhesion to his doctrines, aro said to have stipulated warmly fortheretention of a certain ugly little deity, of whom no one had hitherto thought much about They would swallow the Madonna and' the whole Hagiology; but they must' have that little mud SIVA in tho corner. The ballot is but a ghost of an influí ence among us at this day. It was lai<j long ago by-SYDNEY SMITH-that piti- less exorcist of ihams and truest of Liberals. Educated Liberals are ashamed of owning any allegiance to so effete a thing. In England, it finds scarcely any defender out of the circle of its tradi- tional followers; and it certainly makes no converts. The minority, who laugh at Mr. BERKELEY'S well- worn jokes and cheer his oft-repeated platitudes, grows thinner and thinner" every year. Even Mr. JOHN STUAIIT MILL, the once Ifigh priest of the ballot, has formaUyre. nounced his faith ; and, with all respect to the Minister of Justice, we must hold the younger MILL in higher consideration as a political philosopher than even his father. But there is really nothing to quarrel about in Victoria as to the ballofc All parties are convinced that, as an ex- pedient, it has a certain use in securing tue peaceaDie and orderly conduct of elections ; but, as " a principle," it means nothing, and can mean nothing. The principle of secret voting in a free com- munity is a principle which, from the Liberal point of view, wo must confesa ourselves utterly unable to comprehend, It is a "principle" in direct opposition to the theory of manhood suffrage ; for is it not the essence of manhood suffrage that all men are equally fit to exercise the franchise 1 But all men cannot be so gifted, if there is any man who fears to give his vote without the pro tection of secresy. Who are they that require to be so protected in Victoria, and what is the class for whose special behoof too ballot is to be maintained ? Can any one venture to say that there exists, in this colony, any fear of a privi- leged class exercising any undue influ- ence at an election 1 It is a calumny on the character of our working population to believe in any such theory. The ruling class in this colony, if theie is one, is certainly not that class against whom the ballot is demanded at home. But if it is not the groat landed proprietors-the titled .aristocracy-or the employers of labour, ' who in Victoria prevent the people from giving every man a fair and honest vote, what is the evil which imposes upon us the necessity of secret voting Î-which requires us to maintain this artificial bairier, and to wear this badge of our own weakness Î Mr. - MICHIE'S quotation of his recent experiences at Polwarth and South Grenville tell forcibly against his own argument. The vote, "he declares, in some parts of that district, is a " cor " porate vote ;" which means, we pre- sume, that tho electors vote in a herd, according to the will of the reigning local magnate. But a reference,,T the list of votes recently given at Winchel- sea, proves how utterly inefficacious the ballot is to prevent | such an evil. The electors of Winchelsea flocked to the call of their good neighbour of Ingleby, like a herd of cattle under the stock- man's whip, and the ballot could not stop them. Does any one believe that this evil, if it be one, could be worse under open voting 1 The Ministry having courageously re- solved to stand by the ballot, however, it te a comfort to all good Liberals to know that the ballot is safe. As to whether the Late Government did or did not in- sidiously intend to destroy the ballot," it is a matter about which too many words have already been wasted. Mr. WOOD'S explanation proves that if there was any conspiracy, it was shared in by the whole House. But it is ridiculous to believe that the late Ministry intended to do anything more than to introduce a clause providing for the consistent carry- ing out of certain necessary piovisions in the act. It is inconceivable that anybody should take pains deliberately to destroy something about whick nobody cares, and the existence or non-existence of which cannot possibly be to'the in- terest of any political party, except as a cry to catch popularity. The accounts relating to Trade and Customs for the year 18G2, yesterday made their appearance from the Govern- ment printing-office. By these "it is shown that the total quantity of spirits upon which duty (10s, per gallon) was paid, was, omitting fractions, 1,074,026 gallons ; and the total amount of dutyt £536,047. Of tlie total quantity, I 839,185 gallons paid duty (£418,624) at I Melbourne ; and 174,812, amounting to £87,407, at Geelong. Upon 2,812 gallons of spirits distilled in the colony, | duty (at 9s. 3d. per gallon) was paid to the amount of £1,300; and upon 8,664 gallons, duty (at 8s. per gallon) was paid amounting to £3,465. Of the other chief items, we may notice the following :-Eofined opium, 10,4891b. paid duty, at the rate of 20s. per lb. ; and 22,1591b,, unrefined, paid duty at 10s. per lb. Of manufactured tobacco, 1,131,7191b. paid duty (2s. per lb.), amounting to £113,171 ; of this quan- tity 970,5761b. paid duty (£97,057) at Melbourne, and 128,4301b. (£12,843) at Geelong. 22,8931b. of unmanufactured tobacco paid duty (Is. per lb.), amount« ing to £1,144. Of sheepwash tobacco, 110,7171b. paid duty (3d. per lb.), amounting to £1,384. Of cigars, 27,8871b. paid duty (at the rate of 5s. per lb.), amounting to £6,971, and 8,3571b. paid duty, at the rate of 3s. per Ib., or £1,253. Bice, 131,9Clcwt, pam duty (2s. per cwt.), £13,196. Of sugar, 455,943cwt., paid duty (6s. per lb.), amounting to ¿6136,783 ; and4,406,585 lb. of tea paid duty (6d. per lb.), amount- ing to £110,164. Coffee paid £14,376 on 1,725,2361b., at 2d. per lb. Of wine, 21,183 gallons paid £2,118, at the rate of 2s. per gallon, and 258,048 gallons paid duty (at 3s per gal- lon) amounting to £38,699. For beer, upon 1,803,534 gallons, there was paid £45,088, or 6d. per gallon. £6,359 (6d. per bushel) was paid upon 254,367 bushels of malt j and£3,750,or2d. perlb., upon 450,0831b. of hops. The registration fees-Mr. HAINES'S celebrated "units -produced £21,798. The gold export duty produced upon 910,596oz., at 2s.per , oz.,£91,059 ; and upon 747r,523oz., at 2s. j6d. per ounce, £93,440. The pilotage rates, under 17 Vic, No. 38, produced £22,395. The total produce of " duties " and revenue, trade and customs," for th« year 1862, was £1,304,293. The estimated value of imports into the colony during the year 1862 was ^13,487,787; of this £7,525,958 was the value of the imports from the United Kingdom ; £3,870,576 from British possessions ; £612,598 from the United States ; and £1,478,655 from foreign states. Of the total amount, £12,896,250 arrived in Melbourne. The exports during the same period are valued at £13,039,422, of which £7,449,730 went to the United Kingdom, £5,433,904 to British possessions, £135 to the United States, and £155,653 to foreign states Tue total number of vessels registered in the colony on December 31, 1862, was 449, and their tonnage 60,074. The only remaining return worth while to quote here is one showing the esti- mated value of exports from the colony during the year 1862, specifying the principal articles of colonial produce. This is as follows :-Bones, £3,246 ; gold, £6,685,192; hides, £116,142; horns and hoofs, £3,126'; horses and cattle, £129,307; sheep, £117,161; skins, £14,208 ; provisions, salted, £35,589; tallow, £66,515; wool, £2,350,956; all other articles, £3,517,980. It appaars from a return ¡laid before the Legislative Assembly, that the board consisting of Mr. nellicar and Mr. Agg -appointed by the Board of Land and Works to determine the amount due to the arbitrators in the pastoral awards, have found that a sum of £9,673 13s. is duo to them. It will bo remembered that the arbitrators claimed £19,020 4s. ; and that the Board of LaDd and Woiks offered £9,116 17s. His Excellency attended in the chamber of the Legislative Council, and, with the usual ceremoniep, gave the Boyal assent to an act to appropriate money. Two of the more prominent members of tho Legislative Assembly-Dr. Evans and Mr. Loader, who were absent on the previous evening-took their places last night. The late Postmastei-Ocneral took his place on the Opposition side, below the gangway ; while Mr. Loader found his way to the opposite corner. In answer to a question put by Mr. Brooke last night in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. M'Culloch stated that his Excellency had been applied to by Mr. Ireland and Mr. Duffy for pensions under the regulations fiamed by the late Government. Warrants had been sent to his (the Ohlof Secretary's) office, that the seal of the colony might be affixed to them. He was advised by the law officers of the Crown that that formality could not be refused. Tho Government, ho further added, had done nothing, and conceded nothing, on this subject. Mr. Brooke attempted to press the subject further, but being ulled out of order, gave notice of lils intention, on an early day, to initiate legislative action on the sub- ject. In tho Supieme Court, yesterday, the action of Qtbbona v. Dill, an action of libel against the publisher of tho Yeoman and Australian Aeehmatiscr newspaper, terminated in a ver- dict for the plaintiff, damages one farthing. Plaintiffs counsel having asked the Chief Justice to certify for tho difference of the costs botween a jury of twelve and one of four, the plaintiff haying entered the cause for trial by 0 jury of four, and the jury of twelve having boen of the defendant's choosing, his Honour refused, observing, " I consider the whole article as a mere paper pellet, for which the plaintiff need never have come into court at all." The trial of tho action of Jlodgkinson v. Clough, foi false imprisonment and malicious prosecution, was bogun. The Partnerships Bill, No. 2, was read a third timo in the Legislativo Assembly last night, and pissed, undei the title of " A Bill to Exempt certain Contracts from the Law of Partnerships." The Real Property Act Amend- ment Bill was also road a third time, and A lecture will be delivered this evening, at eight o'clock, in St. Mark's Schoolrooms, George-street, Fitzroy, in connexion with the Fitzroy Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, by tho Rev. Alexander Morrison. Subject, "Astronomy-the Stellar Heavens." We have been requested to call the attention Of the policy-holders of the Waterloo Life As- surance Company to a notico which appears in tbis day's issue, in compliance with a re- solution passed rat the general meeting on Tuc3dny last (a repoit of which appeared in yesterday's Argus), requesting cettaia in lormation, detailed lu the notice, to be sent as early as possible to the chairman of com- mittee, Mr. Everett Bardwell, 49 Elizabeth street, Melbourne, so that the committee may, without delay, ascertain the most ad- vantageous termB upon which a transfer of their policies can be made to some other company. The importance of at once com- plying with the request will be obvious to those interested. A lecture will bo delivered this evening, at eight o'clock, by Dr. Eades, on " The Sense of Touch," in St. Mary's (Church of England) Schoolroom, Queensberry-street, North Mel- bourne. The proceeds will bo appropriated to fencing tho playgtound, and repairs re- quired to tho schoolhouse. The Tradesmen's Dramatio Club give performance this evening, at the National Hall, Collingwood, on behalf of the widow and six children of M'Ewen, whose case wo mentioned somo time since in our columns. Miss Julia Mathews has kindly volunteered her services. The treasurer of tho Molbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the following collections, viz.:-£16 .9i. 8d. from St. Peter's Church, and £8 IDs from St. James's Church. The Southland News, of July 26, says : " We are told on ,every hand that we sholl have another 'rush' from Victoria in the coming spring, and our informants are ' men from Melbourne,' who have been prospecting our province and ports with veiy careful eye for some weeks past. Some of them are leav- ing for Melbourno this week, but it is with a view to make their arrangements for the spring, when they anticipate that, in place of one steamer between the Bluff or New River and Melbourne, wo Bhnll soon have two power- ful steamers regularly trading between the two or üireo ports, as the caso may be." , On the supplementary vote for educational purposes, in Committee of Supply in the Legislative Assembly Jast night, Mr. Verdon stated, in answer to Mr. O'shanassy, that tho ralee proposed by the Board of Education had wen placed in tho hands of tho Chief Secre- tary, but had not yet been considered by the Oovcrnment, The St. Kilda Municipal Council held its fortnightly meeting last evening-Mr. Bunny Chairman), and Councillors Cowderoy and Tullett being present. Amongst the corres- pondence read was a letter from the Public Works Department, requesting to be furnished with a valuation of all tenements within the district, and engaging to reimburse the coun- cil the expense of furnishing the same. The council agreed to supply tbe desired informa- tion on that condition. In a letter from the Ladies' Benevolent Society, a request was made to be allowed the use of the Town hall, for the purpose of holding a con- cert, on the 1st of September, in aid of the funds of the society. It was decided to refer the secretary of the society to Mr. Bunny, to make his application perso- nally. The usual committee reports were then read, that of the public works, pass- ing accounts for payment to the amount of £22 8s. ; that of the Finance Committee showing payments made amounting to £41 10S. ; and the rate-collector's report, account- ing for rates collected to the amount of £13 12s. 6d. These reports being severally adopted, the council adjourned for a fort- night. The exhibition of poultry will be opened this day by his Worship the Mayor, at twelve noon. Tho entiies are very numerous. Some very fine birds havo been entered in the gamo, Spanish, and Dorking classes. The hall will be open by gaslight every evening, which will be quite a novelty, and the price of admission, Is., is within the'.reaclTof every one. The only case of public Interest put down for hearing at the Richmond Police Court yesterday was a charge against Mr. Henry Smith, a grocer, of selling spirits in less quan- tities than two gallons at a time. The case had been previously twice or thrice adjourned, and It was again postponed to the 16th lnst. The adjournment this timo was in conse- quence of the absence of the solicitor in- structed to support the information, and tho Bench allowed the defendant £2 2s. costs. A meeting of shareholders of the Mary- borough Mining Association was announced to be held yesterday afternoon, but in conso quence of tho absence of tho chairman and a deficient attendance of shareholders, it was defeired for a week. There was very little business done at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday. A sailor belonging to the Monarch was charged with stealing some shirts, the property of the second officer of the ship ; but tho hearing of tho case was postponed till to-day. Mr. Swallow was the presiding magistrate. ' On Monday evening last, a vestry meeting was held in the Richmond Church School- rooms. Tho object of the meeting was to receive tho churchwardens' progress report since Easter, and to consider the best mode of increasing church accommodation in the parish. The meeting, which was well at- tended, resolved unanimously upon the imme- diate enlargement of St. Stephen's Church at a cost not exceeding £2,500. The vestry ap- pointed a committee of seven gentlemen to obtain plans and suggest the best modo of defraying the cost of enlargement. A conversazione takes place this evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald-hill, in aid of the funds of the institute. The programme promises an entertainment of a varied and interesting character. Yesterday morning telegraphic communica- tion with Adelaide was resumed, after having being suspended for six days. The interrup- tion occurred between Guichen Bay and Ade- laide, and it was found that over eighty miles of the line tho wiro had been thrown down or injured. Communication with Cape Otway has also boon resumed. We learn from our Geelong correspondent that the inquest on Mr. William Marchant resulted in a verdict of " Died from the effects of strychnine, administered by himself while in a fit of temporary insanity ;" and the jury expressed surprise that respectable drug- gists should sell poisons of so dangerous a character in such small quantities. Mr. J. Edwards, re3taurant-keepor, 17 Elizabeth street, has reported to the polico a case of swindling, by which ho is a loser to a largo extent. A man, giving the name of Thomas Chisholm, after stopping at his boarding-house for some time, having in- curred a bill to the amount of about £10 for board and lodging, induced Mr. Edwards to accept in payment a cheque for £69 lQi., and to give change in cash, to the amount of £80 10s. Since the receipt of the money he has disappeared, and a warrant has been issued for his apprehension. Ho is described as about thirty years of age, five feet tis inches in height, with dark bair, eyes, and complexion ; of stout build ; is English, of good address, and is well educated. He is surmised by the polico to be identical with a ticket-of-lcavo holder of the same name. In reply to a requisition, the Mayor has convened a public meeting of the citizens of Melbourne, to bo hold in St, George's Hall, Bourke-streefc, on Monday evening next, at half-past seven o'clock, " to decido upon what steps the colonists of Victoria should tako to Show their sympathy with the present struggle of Poland for independence." "Snow," says yesterday's Ballarat Star, " has fallon daring tho last few days in all tho moro elevated parts of the colony. On Mon- day, the Pyrenees and the hills in the neigh- bourhood of Daylesford and Ararat, as well as Mounts Buninyong and Warrenheip, were covered." The forthcoming municipal contests in tho various wards composing tho city of Mel- bourne aro likely, for various reasons, to excite moro than usual interest. Notes of preparation aro already sounded, and at least one candidate, not inexperienced in muni- cipal affairs, Mr. Thomas Kenny, has thus early entered the field as a candidate for tho representation of Lonsdale Ward. The elec- tion does not take place till the 1st of November. The quarterly festival of tho Carlton Band of Hope was held, at the Trades' Hall, Lygon streer, yesterday evening. The room was nearly filled with children and their adult friends, for all of whom tea was provided. As soon as that was over, Mr. J. G-. Burtt was voted to the chair, and the forms of a public meeting adopted. Songs, recitation«, and specches.diversified by occasional refreshment, occupied the next few hours,"and a verj plea Bant evening waa spent by all concerned. We aro glad to be able to inform our leaders that the extraordinary spectral illusions which have created so great a sensation in London, at the Britannia Theatre [and the Polytechnic Institute, will, in all probability, be soon produced in Melbourne. An experiment was tried beforo a few «entlemen yesterday, in a building calculated to test it to the utmost, and its success was complete. The ghost walked about in the most palpable way, and did all that was required of it, a very little mechanical contrivanco being alone required to make a public appearance-one that would afford tho most tremendous new sensation heard ofjn these matter-of-fact times. At tho Emerald-hill Polico Court yestorday, twenty-two cases were disposed of. The whole of them, however, consisted of breaches of the municipal bye-laws and cases under the Small Debts Recovery Act, possessing no general interest. A petition to the Legislative Assembly, from 200 inhabitants of Daylesford, observes that the population in the country and mining districts is so scattered, that It is impossible to keep up tt'o large average attendance re- quired by the existing Education Bill regula- tions, especially during the winter season, when, from the bad state of the roads children from a distance cannot attend ; and that if the present regulations are enforced, a large I number of the schools will be'compelled to close, and in many districts the rising gene- ration will bo left without education. The petitioners therofore pray that the required average attendance may be reduced from sixty to twenty in the'country and mining districts. The Speaker last night brought under the notice of the House an irregular alteration of a bill. After the Trading Companies Bill had been before the Houso, it had been altered in the Government printing office by somo per- son, but by whom did not clcaily appear. The circumstance was ono of sufficient im- portance to bring under tho notice of bon. members, for if such irregularities were com- mitted, it would bo impossible to hold any of the servants of tho House responsible for mea- sures being printed precisely as they were passed by the House,! In consequence of the scant attendance only some half-dozen members being present half an-hour after the advertised time for as- sembling-the annual meeting of the Mel- bourne Licensed Victuallers' Society, which should have taken place yesterday afternoon« was postponed for a week. After some con- versation among those present, it was sug- gested that steps should be taken for giving duo publicity to the announcement of the time and place of the adjourned meeting. Part II. of the Census of Victoria, 18G1, " Occupations of the People," was issuedfrom the Government Printing-office yesterday. It contains 885 pages, including a " Beport" by the Registrar-General. We havo received tho Fort Louis Gazette (Mauritius) of June 25 and 26. They aro without news. 