CONTINENTAL NEWS. [PROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. I ROMP., BKVTEMIIKII 30TH, 1803. Tun habit of tho NoopoIitanB, alluded to in a formtir lutter, of drawing np provisions, small pareóla, fee., to tho varions floors sf their lofty honses, by moans of baskots attached to ropsi, and to bo seen ascending and descending tho front of the dwellings, has a parallol in tho Koman custom of draw- ing up water. This capital-tho best watered ia Europe, thanks to tho remains of the numerous and magnificent aqueducts of the ancient Homans-possesses, not only fountains in dote proximity all over its site, but a reservoir .f water in every court, with an open mouth, walled round and lined with stone. Almost overy window has a balcony ; longer balconies, running along tho sido of tho houses at each story, aro also very common, the latter Diving usually wooden roofs, and being in communication «Ith the kitchen. From tho railing of eaoh baloouy goes a stout iron wiro, (irmly fastened to tho interior of the reservoir. Tho water buokets, hung te a rope, furnished with a pulley, slide down tho wires, slapping into tho water with a force that ensures their immediate filling. Thoy aro then drawn up by the ingenious play of tho ropes and f alleys aforesaid, and, having roached their roepeotivo bal- seóles, ore unhooked from the wire and ropo, and taken into tho kitchen by tho presiding gonins of oaoh eulisary temple. As fifteen or twenty households are somelimes sheltered nuder tho roof of one of tho vast old Koman houses, eaoh with its line of wiro strotohed èonn to tho well, a stranger might almost fanoy himself, tn looking upwardB from one of theso courts, to bo staring np into tho rigging of a ship, a delusion, however, which would soon bo dissipated by tho creaking clatter of tho ascending and descending pails. Ibo balconies of Homo aro among its most oharaotoristio features, Fainted green, or merely browned by the weather, thty oro always pioturesquo. They aro gonerally gay with pots of carnations or geraniums, flowora which hero havo au odd way of forcing themselves through the panal» of tho balooniee, and growing downwards iu long streamers over the street. Sometimes they aro oomplotoly grown over with vises, or turned into a bower of orango and myrtle tree«, dwarf palms, and cactus, growing in largo antique-shaped pots of reddish-brown earthenware, OB festes, bit« of tapestry, carpet, velvet,.or silk aro hung from them ; and the black-eyed Roman women como out from their rooms, and lean over thoir edge, watching tho movements, in tho street. As for the balconies of tho inner courts, they are tho great gossiping place« of tho servants, who joke, scold, aad compare notes from thoir several perches. Except in tho case of palaoes Inhabited by their owners, almost all the windows of Rome, and all tho Courts, aro generally garnished with wet linen, hung out to dry. Ono wonders how the regular washerwomen can pick up a living, for every family seems to follow lu a literal sonso the famous advice of the first Napoleon. They have an ingenious mechanism also, of wires, ropos, and pulleys, by moins of which the olothos-linos, with thoir flapping garni- ture, are hnng across tho courte at oaoh story, and drawn in when tho llnt>n is dry. One is constantly amused in Romo by teeing how many strata of life and activity are piled hero, ooo aboyo the other. The roofs and terrace gardens aro among the prettiest signs of thia way of living, and stem to give a world of pleasant occupation to their owners. Somo of thom are tilled only with Howers ; ethers, moro ambitious, have long arbours of trellis-work, covered with vinos and roses, paved walks between beds of flowers, seats under gay awnings, and gay perspectives ol mountains, lakes, forest, and sea, painted in fresco upon the opposite walls. From tho angles of theso upper-air fkttaunet» people may often bo seen gently waving nets of coloured silk, attached to long poles, and locking OB though they wero tryiig to catch fish in the glowing atmosphere of sunset. These good folks are catching butterflies ; a sport which seems peculiar to Remo, and is greatly patronised by old and young. Tho two ruling spirits o tho Papal Court are, as every one knows, Antonelli and do Merode. The former, born of tko renowned brigand family of Sonnino-tho latter a tdoc of one of the oldest and richest houses of tho Belgian nobility- hate each other as, according to tho proverb, " only churchmen con hate." Tho War Minister of the Vicar of Christ Is short, thick, burly, awkward, and overbearing, with heavy and fright folly ugly features, and a hidoms squint, a very harsh, load, and grating voice, an unwieldy galt, and manners whose natural insolence it would be difficult to overstate. When young, he was extremely devout, and modo himself so many enemies by his bigotry and intolerance, that his name, which had been put forward as that of a possible candidate for the Crown for which the Bolgians wore anxious to secure a wearer, was speedily withdrawn. Tho young Count was always haughty and violent, but ho had made up his mind that duelling was nn unchristian custom, and would never fight the persons whom he affronted. Being insulted and challenged by some of his fellow- I students at Antwerp, and refusing to accept thoir challenge, he was publicly charged by thom with being a coward, To show that ho was not a coward, ho immediately quitted Antwerp and went over to Algeria, whero he enlisted in tho French army, served with great dis- tinction in tho sanguinary war with the ArabB, and returned to Belgium with tho highest testimonials to his great bravery and gallantry, from the colonel of his regi- ment. Having thus cloared hliueelf of tho imputation of cowardice, the young soldier botook himself to Rome, and entered into holy orders, His high birth and resolute temper concurred to aid in his advancement, and ho was made a cardinal, it is said, at an earlier ago than any of his predecessors. He has a positive passion for soldiering, and i would seem to have been designed by Nature rather for a Paladin than a priest. Unscrupulous, wilful, headstrong to violence, and restless to business, he never employs craft or finesse, but works out his projects by shear force. He is therefore detested by all ; by his fellow-cardinals, if possible, even more than by the people. He is dirty and slovenly In person, habits, and home ; and is equally brutal of speech to all classes, and to women as to men. But he has never- theless carried out several very useful measures; as, for instance, the placing of the women's prisons under the wardship of nuns instead of leaving them, as had previously been dono, to the exclusivo oversight of male turnkeys, who Invariably made them more depraved than ever, and more ready than ever for every species of crime, and of violence, on leaving their prison. Antonelli, who was only made a deacon last year, tn order that he might be ablo, as a priest, to take part in the sessions of the bishops oonvenod for the canonisation of the Japanese Martyrs, is a tall, large man, almost os ugly as do Merodo,. with dark, sallow face, and black, pieroing, rnpaciouB oyes, like those of a bird of prey. His manners ore extremely affable, graceful, and charming, and his con- versation, with ladies especially, extremely witty, polished, ard entertaining. His voice, carefully trained, is extremely soft, and his utterance low and gentle. But his temper is so violent, when angered or displeased, that he himself is alarmed at its violence. The Romans consider the chewing of lemon-peel to be useful in attacks of hydrophobia, rage, violent madness, and similar derangements of tho nervous system; and accordingly a stock of lemon-peel is always kept ready to tho Cardinal's hand, in the room adjoining the one in which he gives audionce to people on business, and receives the reports of his spies. When those interviews chance to be unsatisfactory, he feels his in- domitable choler to be rising, he instantly leaves his ohfeir and goes into tho next room, exclaiming as he holds out his hand to his secretary, " Give me the peel !" Prepared for this demand, the secretary holds out the plate of letnon parlngs ; and the Cardinal gnaws into tho specimen until, either from some virtue in tho peel itself, or from the relief afforded by tho action of tho jaws, tho Cardinal Socretsry of State perceives that the attack ia passing, and, having recovered his self- command, is able to return to business, Antonelli's heart is believed to be set on tho Papal Crown. But. astute as he is, he can hardly flatter himself with having any chance of obtaining it. Turin, Soptouibor 2oth. Nono of tho vanny indications of renowed lifo which meot tho traveller's oyo in Italy aro moro significant than tho locomotivo propenBity which ls BO rapidly dovotoping itself among her peoplo. Formerly, Neapolitans, Romans, Tus- cans, Modencee, Farmosans, and Venetians wore strangers to each other and to Piedmont. Now, wherever you go, you meet peoplo from ovory part of tho poniusula, visiting golkriee and monuments, making acquaintance with scenery, fraternising with their new fallow-citizens, ro jeiclng in the gains already secured, and sanguine for tho future Vou Und fewer potBons from Rome and Venetia than from tho other provinces, but oven of thoto two chained and chating portions of tho Italian laud you meot no small number of representatives, it is there that the largest gathering of peoplo from tho various provinces is . naturally found ; the presonco of tho Court (such us it ÍB), of the Houses of Parliament, and tho heads of the G iveru menr, attrnctli g peoplo, whilo impatiently turning their anti- cipations towards Rome. Tho state of Venice ¡a described by all who have recently been visiting tho Bride of the Adriatic, nativa and foreign, aa " o living death," Austria has loadod her soil with soldiers and guns. To say that tho capital, tho famous Quadrilateral, and every town of any importance in her territory, aro swarming with troops and bristling with causon, ia so exaggeration, but simply the truth. Tho peoplo are sad, sullen, and silent ; as bitterly aware of tho enormous strength of their Austrian ohains as of their cinehing woight; utterly ignorant of tho modus of their future deliverance from tho yoke they abhor, but like the Romans, never doubting of its approach. On cannot but bo struck, on coming hither from Rome, that Is to say, on exchanging tho regime of arbitrary oorn pression and depression for that of freedom and legality, with the universal expectation of approaching war. All Italy seems to have made up its mind that the greater part of Europe will be openly at logger- heads by the coming spring; and as tho deadlock to which they are reduced by the inexplicable policy of the Emperor of tho French compels them to assume all the burdens of war without its chances of advantage, an eager desire for the strife which they believe will give them Rome and Venice, has taken possession of tho Italians. Tba grand reviews and sham battles of last woek have therefore ex- cited their interest and enthusiasm to a very* high degree People were gathered at Milan from every point of th< peninsula, «agu for a sieht of what they proudly and re- joicingly denominate "the National army'," and as, b] all accounts, the appearance and discipline of tho troops were splendid, while the state of the army ie, in al respects, most satisfactory, the desire for war is no likely to be, diminished by tho knowledge that Italy now possesses an effective army of 337,001 men. with a corresponding store of munitions of war, and i rapidly growing navy, the creation of which is one of th da ili'E j objecta both of Government and paoplo, and which will soon have attained to very respectable proportions. It ia diflicnl Ito imagine tho mixturo of motivos which oan bavo lod so astute a polilioian as tho Bmper .r Napoleon to adopt a course of policy which has necessarily changed tho gratitude of three years ago into anger and indignation. I Tho Italians, unable to rcconoile his past and present polloy towards their country, seem to have como pretty generally to tho conclusion that ho helped them in their struggle with Austria, partly because-not foreseeing the results of that struggle, and looking only for a federative movement among the Italian provincee-he fancied ho could thus acquire a ehcop reputation as tho champion of tho weak, and tho arbitrator of European differences ; and partly because the difficulty of his domestic regime rendered a foreign war a necessity of his position, in order to divert the attention of his subjects from tho tyranny under which they were chafing. "Wo owe no gratitudo to Napoleon," is tho goneral re- mark, *' for he helped us simply to subserve his own interests, and hu hos, morcovor, been amply repaid for his help by the cession of Nioe and Savoy." No ono admits tho possibility of any further ooseion of Italian territory. Tho idea that tho Government, now strong enough ,it is believed, to purBuo a national polioy under all imaginable contingencies, will ever think of ceding Sardinia, is indignantly scouted by all. I have not been able to obtain any definite statistics tn reference lo tho doings of that important personage-tho schoolmaster. It is cortain, howover, that provision for tho education of the people ÍB being made as rapidly and as liberally as is possible under existing oiroumstanoes. Under tho fallon Governments, there scarcely cxistod anything in the shapo of a provision for the oducation even of the boya of tho lower orders ; aB for the girls, their very existence, in an educational eoose, was altogsther igaorod. Tho rise of over twenty per cent, which has taken place in the rates of wages, consequent en the increased demand for labourers created by the publio works, roada, canals, Sc., now in courso of construction, has already been alluded te in thcBe letters. Tho importance of those oonstruotions in their effect on tho minds and energies of the Italian people can hardly be overrated. Mineral properties, as well as remote agricultural districts, aro beginning to attract tho attention ol owners hy whom they wore formerly almost forgotten, and of speculators eagor to negotiate with foreign capitalists for tho sole or working of ostatos hitherto practically worthless, owing to their inaocesaibillty, but now promising ts bo oxooeding valuablo. Tho island of Sardinia, containing immenso tracta of minerals, to which for hundreds of yearB no ono hos paid tho slightest attention, la suddenly awaking to a conto of their value, and eagerly lookinc about for the means of disposing of thom. From an enterprising English mining engineer, who has just been examining certain of those properties, with a view to tho formation of an English company for working tho same, I learn that Sardinia, thanks to its isolated position, is still existing in a state of primitive simplicity such as one would hardly have thought it possible to find a speclmen in any part of Europe Except at Cagliari, Iglesias, and one or two other of tho village-centres which there pass muster as " towns," nothing in the shape of an inn exists through- out tho island. Tho few travellers who go thero must bring letters to the resident landholders, and will be joy- fully and hospitably entertained at their houses, and fur- nished by tb em with horses and guides. Those who neglect this precaution will find themoolves prevented from making I their intended explorations by the sheer impossibility of ob- taining either food or shelter. The secluded nobles of Sardinia aro prouder and more exclusive than tho members of any other European aristo cracy. They divide their monotonous existence between the feudal castles on thoir immemorial estates and their mansions in Cagliari, where they congregate during the winter for thoir solemn afternoon drives, on the Boulevard beneath tho fortified enclosures of tho town. The country peoplo, who speak a local dialect containing a vast number of puro Latin words, scercoly understand Italian. They live in mud hovels, feed principally on maize, and saem hardy, industrious, ignorant, and contented. Thoy place Implicit faith in their priests, who seem generally to bo o jolly, comfortable, unpretending set of men, living in limpie hut substantial dwellings, and combining tho business ol fanning or wiso growing with tho care ot souls. They trouble themselves little about political or dogmatic questions; contenting themselves with performing the offices of the Chnroh as a matter of course, their ministra- tions boing accepted, equally without question and as matter of course by thoir flocks, with all of whom, nobles and peasants, they appear to live on terms of affection and intimacy. No roads are to be found. You mount you horse or mulo, and proeeod, und or the auspices of yom guido, ocroBB tho open country in the direction you wish tc purBne. Tho neighbourhood of Cagliari is vory pictu- resque ; end the situation of tho town Itself, as soon from tho sea, magnificent. Thero ls also some fino eoenory ii tho north of tho island. But the southern and centra' portions of Sardinia are rocky wildernesses, gay with roses, geraniums, carnations, &c;, growing luxuriantly of theil own freo will, and intermixed with aloes, prickly pear and dwarf palms. A few vineyards, and flocfeB of goats oomprise the agricultural wealth of this region. But steen and iron are already taking possession of tho island ; am tho curious simplicity of its people will doubtless ix speedily modified by the effect of the political ohangoi which aro infusing new life and vigour into tho rest oi Italy, but which aro only passively tolerated by the nobility of Sardinia, who do cot more than half like what they re gard aa tho adjunction of the upstart Peninsula to thei: noblo Island ! The retirement of fir James Hudson is universally re grctted. So just and so hearty is the appreciation of hi character and tho set vices ho has rendered tho causa o " Jtalia una," that bis habitual absenco from tho capital and the quiet completeness of his withdrawal from th social world of Turin, and the sedal responsibilities usutll; imposed on the heads of foreign legations in the capital ti which thoy aro accredited, in no way impaired his populaxirj or losBexied bis influence. It was always a matter of regre among bis brethren of tho diplometio oorpB that thoy saw si little of him, end the ladies of Turin, Italian and diplomatic have been accustomed to speculate, on ihe approach of ead succcssivo winter, on the probability or otherwise of th English Minister being induced to quit his beloved estate 01 tho shores of Italy's fairest lake, und to give a ball to th beau monde of Turin ; but no one resented his Indifferent) to the social requirements cf his position. He was looke on as an " original," and hie dislike to balls and entertain mentB WBB forgiven, oven by tho Turincse, in oonalderatioi of his high character and hie consistent sympathy with th national cause. Confident BS Turin ÍB of getting to Borne, it does not nov count tho months " 'twixt cup and lip" aa it did two year ago. So confident were the Deputies of a epesdy transía lion of their body to the Eternal City that they contente themselves with having a quantity of cotton wool etuffe into tho cracks and crevices of the walla of the ohambei which, hastily run up with planks and mortar, in th gulden of the Carignano Palace, were cracking and spllttin in every direction, lotting in a too abundant supply of col breezes on the crowds of spectators who always HU th galleries. So sanguine were they of going to Rome befor the winter eet in, that «he expedient of tho cotton-stuflln was deemed quito sufficient for tho short time during whic the chamber would oontinuo to bs wonted. Having no' come to the conclusion that tho delay tn getting to lion will probably be longer than they at first anticipated ; tho have had Bheets of thick paper pasted ovar the cracks, an given tba walls, thus rendered air-tight, "a frosh coat ( paint, which hides tho paper and makes tho interior of th chamber look fresh and handsome. One can really not wonder at tho jealousies of ti various Italian capitals in days gone by. Each so fine in its own way, eo splendidly situated, t rich In old traditions, and, with the exceptio of 'lurin, so glorious in architecture or in art-treasures, thi they are like a band of sisters,-all of thom so handsorr that, but for tho rival charms of tho others, oach mig! fairly lay cln'm to the Crown of Beauty. Turin, as ovorj body knows, has neither a fine building, picture, sr statuai boast of. Her streots aro wide, straight, and woll built, ai cross one another ot right angles; and tho arosdes, formt by the ground floors of the houses, offer a protection fro: sun and rain-equally welcomo in a region in which tl rigours of heat and cold aro equally severe. Tho shops a particularly good ; and tho aotivity of tho people, the numoroi carriages, with powdered and gold- laood "Merouries," th servo to display tho toilettes of the ladies in their dai drive in the Place d'Armes, with tho lifo and stir of tl rflicial world, give to Turin a metrepriitan air of which h children are duly proud. But, though the old capital of Piedmont is not a pioti rosque city, and has nothing of tho Italian look about it, i diadem of Alpine peaks ia wonderfully fine. No lover Alpino scenery should fail to ascend the Suporga; tl lofty, isolated mount, a few miles north of the town, i which an ancestor of tho King of Italy erected, in tl oaily part of the last century, and in fulfllmont of a vo' the church which now crowns this beautiful hill, and b neath which, in a 6orIcs of subterranean chapels, nearly i tho kings of his old lino uro buried. The ascent boil very steep, a carriage is necessary for lady tourist though horsemen, or atout pedestriana of tl other sex, make the ascent without difficult In order to behold the unequalled panorama the lower Alps to the beBt advantage, it ÍB necessary ba ot tho top of the Superga soon after sunrise, when tl sun's raya aro striking full upon tho marvellous wall i snowy summits which fill tho horizon. A monast college, now deserted, adjoins the Basilica, and you BJ conducted upwards through interminable doorways ai corridors, by the old porter, until you reaoh tho level of tl dome of tho church, when you undertake a lost climb i the corkscrew staircase inaido tho spire, and presently ni yourself in a little railed balcony just under the bali, with view spreading out before you on every alda that cannot surpassed by any other in Europ6. At your fest lies Turin, its brown houses and ehinii river lit up by the glorious morning sun; and surround by a vast plain, shaped Uko an elongated horeehoe, dotti over with woods, cities, and villages, streaked with streai and roads, and bounded j ¡ on either hand, os far oyo can see, by the chain of the Southe Alps. Tho horseshoe-shaped plain is the entire kingdc of Piedmont. The Bnowy wall extends from Monte Vii at tho extremity of the Cotüan Alps, to the Simplón, ai includes Monte Rosa, and the whole of tho Greek and Fe nine Alps. The beautiful hills of Monferrat raise th graceful, wooded undulations behind you ; and as you tu your back to the bend ef the Bnowy horseshoe, your ga takes in the plains of Lombardy, and the faint oloudy fori of the northern extremitv of the Apennines, in the dista ' opening ef tho white ramparts of Piedmont. The simplicity of tho King's private life seems to hi . influenced the prisent Cabinet, all of whose members t m*",TMa\i age, and who Beem to emulate, in their oi establishments, tho plainness of surroundings e» resolut« 1 maintained by tho sevoroign. Official rooopUone, whether morning or ovening, are hold attho offices of eaoh Minister ; bot the prívalo receptions and soireon of their wives .ira held, in tho most unpretending manner, m the private dwellincs of the Ministers, generally as simple amt un- adorned aa possible. On State occasions a grand display of toilets and jewellery Uk» plaee, the Ministerial " fem- ininity" coming out as strong in these partioulara as their sisters in other capitals. But the utter absence of pomp and splendour in their everyday life offers a most curious and amusing oontrastlo the gilded exteriors of Ministerial eiistenoe in other capitals. . _ Though Prince Umberto, the hoir to the Italian Crown, has been brought up with something of the obsérvanos usually rendered to royal blood, endures more willingly than his father tho restraints and formalWeB of oeurtly etiquette, he is no friend to the adulation and servility too, often saen in courtiers. A short time «ino«, on tho visit of the young Prince to a certain town, a deputation oT tho authorities waited upon him with a loyal address. On tho Prince's entranoe into the room where the deputa- tion was awaiting him, the spokesman and soma of hie companions threw themselves on their knees. "Bise, gentlemen." eried the "Pnnoe, speaking earnostlv, and with evident displeasure. " Hence- forth, lot no man ever kneel to me. My proudest boast is, that I, like yourselves, am a man and an Italian ; and suoh an attitude, on the part of men, to ono who ls a man like themselves, ls most unbecoming. Remember, gentlemen," continued the Prince, with a smile, andina gaver toso, "that in our days »man should only kneel to God and to his lady-love !" whioh unexpected termlnaUon of tho young Prince's protest waa received with great applause by all present, and served to restore tho equanim- ity of tho proceedings. Both the Prince Royal, whom overyone speaks ol aa a manly, frank, upright, and excellent young man, promising to wear worthily. In duo time, his father'II crown, aud Prince Amadeo, Victor Emanuel's second son, aro greatly esteemed and beloved throughout the country. They are not reputed to bo particularly brilliant or intellectual ; but are regarded as hoing thoroughly good, well- intentioned, kind-hearted, sensible, and patriotic. The third, and youngest of tho Royal princes, Prince Oddono, is littlo known, being a cripple, deformed, and in delicate health, loving above all thing solitude and study, and living very retiredly wilh governor, tntor, and the lady who was his governess when a child, and who now takes a sort of motherly oversight of the daily Ufa of her former pupil, who is said to be greatly attaohed to ber. Prince Oddone is desoribed as being very amiable, and remarkably learned for his age, but extremely timid and very shy. His residence in Naples will probably do him good both physioally and mentally, and he as has not only begun a serios of excavations in a piece of ground he has bought nt Capua, but has given a ball to the Neapolitan ladies with great Buooess, lt would seem that the air of tho joyous, lively, good-humoured, southern capital was already dissipating bis shyness, and drawing him from his booka to a greater Interest in things about him. It would be diffi- cult to quit the lovely land in which your " Paris Corres- pondent" bas been sojourning, without a wish that it were possible to take a peep behind tho veil of tho future, so as to satisfy at onco one's sympathy and one's cariosity, by ascertaining how «nd when the darling dream of Italy, the union of all her provínoos, " from tho Alps to tho Adriatic," is to be fulfilled. The Idea that the present Btate of Rome and of Venetia can be indefinitely prolonged ap- pears a simple absurdity after seeing how general is tho de- termination, not of the other States only, bnt of Rome and Venetia also, to make the rich, beautiful, and resolute peninsula one united kingdom ; and it is difficult to believe that a determination, at once so wise, natural, and universal, can fail to work Itself ont to ultimate success, despite the Ill-will of Cardinals, Emperors, and Kaisers. Paris, October 3rd. The lovers of Burgundy wines will rejoice to hear that the vintage of tho famous wine district through which we pass in returning from Turin to this paradise of masoue, is just now exulting in a vintage such as it has not seen for many a year. The quantity el the grapes, ia satisfac- tory ; but it is their splendid quality that is throwing the owners of the world-famed Burgundian vineyards into suoh lively ecstacy. No sign of mildew, oidiu'm, or other draw- back alilicts tho clusters. The little black grapes, smaller than good- sized black currants, are round, firm, bloomy, and bursting with their thick, rich juice. At every station on the line, from one end of the wine district to the other, you hear joyous comments on tho magnificence of tho crop, and predictions of the exceptional quality of the wine ol the present vintage The French method of growing the vine is so much less picturesque than that of Italy that the oyo of the returning tourist is disappointed by the contrast ; but, setting aside the beauty of appearance, tho advantage of quantity would seem to be on the fide of the French system. The scene resenkdp just now by the wine district ia now and animated. The whole country-side, mon, woman, and child, high and low, old and young, being ap- parently in the vineyards. The gathering goes on rapidly ; the rich loads of grapes are carried In baskets on the heads of the gatherers, and tumbled into tho carts which stand in waiting en the odgo of the vineyards, moving efl at a snail's pace to the crushing sheds os soon os filled. Everyone oats his fill aa he gathers, but no one is allowed to corry grapes away. Labourers flock in to the vineyards from the neighbouring departments and from the north. The owners, who live mostly in the towns, hare , come to their vineyards to superintend the importan! operations on whose success depends to so great an extent the amount of their income for the coming year. They generally possess a little country-house in the midst o: their vineyards, and bring down their families and t party of their friends to take part in the bustle fun, and jollity of the time. Every eveninj i there aro parties and dances at one or other of these littli vineyard villas, where all the assembled '? gentry" maki I merry, eat mora grapes, drink the delicious half-formente< wine, and foot it merrily to the notes of tho village fiddle i If the weather be sufficiently genial, as is usually the casi j ut thiè season, the dancing goes on out of doors ; espociall; i on the splendid moonlight nights, such as we hod a weet i ago. The peasants aro equally merry among themselves , and seem to enjoy their share of the excitement as much ai I their >. betters." To speak of the work of pulling down and ro-buildinj i now going on in every part of Paris, of the vast extent o [ new subuibs being cut into streets, avenues, boulevards and " ¡quars" (as the Parisians perBÎBt in pronouncing th ! Bnglieh equivalent of their own better word place) Is t touch on a subject already threadbare ; yet it is impossible t ' return to this city, after an absence of even a few months without being struck with the changes, now going even mor widely and rapidly than ever, as vividly as though seen fe I the first time. Thanks to all this artificial impulsion, Paris, is grawin ! enormously in size and splendour. Long lines of palace i like houses now meet the eye in every direction ; at shot ; intervals you come upon charming public gardens, full c trees, Imf, flowers, neatly-gravelled walks, and abundar I benches, and the vanity of the Parisians ia gratified by th I knowledge that their beloved city is fast becoming the moi brilliant and imposing of modern capitals. But there is j reverse to thia imposing medal, to which tho Parisians ar I every day becoming moro alive. Rente are highor tha ever, and still rising ; and lt is no exaggeration to say the i the mass of the Paris peoplo now pay for their abodes mot than double the amount which they paid seven years agi I They get geyer wall papers, and much gilding, but fail I find in this additional ornamentation any sufficient compel I saiion for the inconvenience si their increased rent an I taxes, and for the muoh higher prices they now pay ft i every article of domestic consumption. Added to the discontent created by this enforced increai of expenditure, and which presses very heavily on tl middle and lower classes, is the anxiety caused by ti general stagnation of business, and tho apprehension of wa The open Bnd avowed interference of the Government i I the late elections has given offence to all parties ; and tl I title of " Duke " conferred on M. do Fersigny, as a rewoi I for his Bcrvices on that occasion, has still further offenct I the malcontents. The fact that all tho more prominent ac herents and most subservient instruments of the Imperial regime, have contrived to amass enormous fortunes, rankles in the public, mind. The general belief seems to be that the financial position of the empire is unsound, and that a crash must come at last. And as for the city of Paris, which has hypothecated its revenues for eighty years to come, people aro beginning to ask one another., with dismay, where it will find the wherewith 'to pay off the hundreds of millions (of francs) which should bo reim bursed in 1878 ? Tho Emperor is so fertilo in expedient that even those' who aro hostile to him place their onlyhoj in his being still at the holm and in possession of hiBinent powers when the time of repayments arrive. Should any catastrophe carry him off, or should his health give way under tho immense strain of tho autocratic regime he has chosen to adopt, a tremendous cataclysm would seem to be inevitable. The Imperial family aro still at their favourite marine 1 retreat at Biarritz. The Emperor is looked for at St. Clot j in tho course of the coming week; but the Bmprese, wi this year seems to be devoting her energies to water, is gi lng to make a cruize along the Spanish and French coas before returning. She has bought a magnificent domai with a fine chateau upon it, at a Ehort distan across the Spanish frontier, and is gait to embark this altetnoon in the Imperial steam yaol 1 Aigle, at Fort Soc6a, whenoe she will proceed, by sea, I Bilboa, in whose neighbourhood is situftted her estate Arleega, Having «pant a few days there, to ejffiaine tl improvements being carried out there by her Orders, si is io make a cruise elong the coast of her native lani and return along the French coast to Paris. People are much amused at her pleasure-loving Majesty new passion for the element ef fishes. She hos poasessi herself, during the present year, of a Venetian gondola at gcndoliers, all of the gayest and most ornate descriptioi of a Turkish catgut, with Turkish watermen; and otb. small craft, for the navigation of the pretty lakes at Foi tainebleau, Versailles, and the other Imperial chateau These she takes about with her, and indulges fa Uti failings and rowings over the rather limited water-sa laces of the parks. She has invented a «ort of it proved Bloomer-ooslume for these excursions, ve convenient and very becoming, and often goes off with fa ladies-all arrayed in similar style-and takes a pull ov the ponds in question, the Empress rowing with her on fair hands, Bnd the presence and services of the gaily-dress crew belonging to these gay crafts being dispensed with < such occasions. Publlo opinion still run» high on the Mexican and Poll questions. The sympathy so generally felt for Polar and the honor inspired by the atrocious cruelties of t Russians, concur to make the people desirous of afford! material aid to Poland, provided England would join io t undertaking. But the Bxoperor'e Mexican policy ie il doplorrá by the majority of his subjects. Tttoy have no sympathy with tho Mexican», and have not the Bligbtoet desire to run tho publio exchequer »tili further into debt on thur behalf. They have made up their minda that England ha« cunningly pnshed the Emperor on in thia Mexican business, partly to make Franoe odious to the i'oderals, and thus divert a portion of their virulence against 1 ourselves, partly to secure, at the cost of Franco, a useful ally in cato of a Federal invasion of Canada ; and partly to gratify her old malice against France, by leading the latter to make herself a foe of the Mexicana, and to add to tho burdens of French finance; partly from pure English love of makins; mischief, and doing injury to neighbouring nations. Not one in a thousand baa the faintest idea of the ludicrous incorrectness of this bundle pf hypotheses, or imagines that England has really been a passive and somewhat disapproving looker-on upon the proceedings of her ally on the other side of " the herring pond." A good desi of agitation has been created in Spain by tho approach of the elections. The Democratic party has just published a manifesto, urging abstension from the exeroise of the franchise while the present Ministry remains in power, and demanding universal suffrage, liberty of the Prc BB, and administrative decentralisation. Tho Ministry expresses its confidence in the result of the elections. The Queen, who seems to be making up for lost time in the cradle-department has just gone through the UBUAI religious ceremonies by which the Queens of Spain are accustomed to express their gratitude to Heaven and the Madonna for the prospect of "an increase of family." The young Queen of Portugal has just presented her husband with a son, to tho equal delight of that youthful monarch and of the very loyal Portuguese nation. Good little Princesa Clotilda, now arrived at the mature age. of nineteen, has t pone to Lisbon to give her slater (only just turned sixteen!) the benefit of her matronly asaistauoe at this interesting conjuncture. Ibo German Princes lately assembled at Frankfort, under the auspices of the Emperor of Austria, aro under- stood to be drawing up long-winded refutations of the memorial addreeeed to the King of Prussia by his Ministers. Tho I'rufBian Government meantime is drawing up a coun- ter prcject of German reform with which it hopes to super- sede the project brought forward by Francis Joseph ; and the Prussian pesple are preparing to elect a Parliament very much more radical and democratic than the two assemblies which have been so insolently snubbed by Herr Von Bismark. A reconcilia- tion hes taken place between tho Crown Prince and Princess and the kind-hearted |but pig-headed old king. How far their influence may suffice to balance that of the Minister, who seems to havo been born to endanger tho Prussian Crown, remains to bo Been. It is now assorted that, soon after his accession. King 'William I. was anxious to abdi- cate in favour of his son ; and that tho latter refused to ao cept the proffered Crown. The beBt solution of the present difficulty In Prussian affairs would boa return of the King's mind to the plan of abdication ; and tho acceptance of the Crown by Prince Frederick William. Denmark, menaced with a Federal Execution, hos con duded sn alliance, offensive and defensive, with Sweden. ! Should tho Germans persist in the enforcement of their most unreasonable and groundless demands, the three Scandinavian Kingdoms are determined to use their com- bined resources in repelling au unjustifiable invasion. The Poles are fighting on, as gallantly as ever. Every day brings tidings of advantages gained by the Poles over the troops of the Czar, and of the astounding atrocities by . which tho latter avenge their defeats in the Sold, and at- tempt to strike tenor into the " rebels." It is to be hoped that Lord Bussell's latest declaration, that England con- siders Russia's treaty-title to Poland as being forfeited through her failure to discharge her treaty- obligations to- wards that unhappy country, may be speedily followed by the recognition of the Poles as belligerents on the part of England and France. Whatever one's honor of war in the Í abstraot, whatever one's distrust of certain peculiarities of the Polish character, it is difficult to contemplate the undying protest of Poland against the assassins of her nationality, the atrocities of the Russian rule, and the monstrosities of Russian repression, without feeling ? that it Is scarcely generous or politio for England to with- hold her effectual aid from the gallant and deeply-injured people to whom she, In common with the other signers of the treaties which condoned the crime of tho partition, owes the reparation of that wrong. Insurrectionary movements are sprineing up in almost every part of Russia. Tho iron rule which alone holds to- gether the heterogeneous provinces and people seems to be gradually losing tts hold upon its prey. But the Czar seems unable to understand the signs of the times, and ie pushing on the developement of armament« of all kinds, as though foreseeing the coming struggle. ! The Italians have been greatly gratified by the grand reviews passed by the King at Milan. The National army now numbers 300,000 men ; tho navy is growing rapidity ; brigandage is on the decrease. The young King ef Greece is making a round of farewell visits, and is expected before long at the Court of tho Tuileries, Parie, October 10. The Emperor has returned to Paris, after taking a abort yachting excursion with the Empress. The latter, after paesiDg a day or two at Arteaga with the Emperor, and in- specting the improvementa being made on that beautiful estate under her directions, Bet off in the Imperial yaoht for a cruise to Seville, while her inscrutable spouse, aooom fionicd by the " Hope' of France," came northward, the atter being installed nt St, Clond, while the former ia hold- ing Cabinet councils at the Tuileries, and driving about Paris in an open carriago, extremely weil received by the people of the working quarters. Before leaving the Spanish frontier, the Emperor, with ' the Empress and the little Priace, went to the pretty water- ing-place of St. Sebastien, which is alBO a fortified post, asa where tho Imperial visltora were received with due ; honour by the authorities of tho town and the province, and a ' number of superior officers. The Emperor having laat ' winter expressed a wish to' Marshal "Concha to judge for himself of certain new military manouvres which are being introduced among the Spanish infantry, the troops of the garrison were called out, and made to go through with the new exercises, for the Imperial edification. The Emperor ie said to have expressed his approbation of these in very high terme, and telegraphed to Madrid for the Queen's per- mission tb bestow the cross of tho Legion ef Honour pu Genetal TJlib&rry;, under whose direction the military spec- tacle had *aken place. Tho desired authorisation being "at once accorded, with leave to the General to wear it, the ubiquitous decoration was forthwith be- stowed. The Imperial pair then visited the Ca- thedral and the Hotel de Ville, being received with great cordiality by the people of the town. The Emperor, aa usual, ieft handsome gifts of money for the garrison and for the poor. After giving a grand dinnor, on board the yacht,1 to the principal inhabitants of the region, the Emperor left the Empress on beard, to continue her cruize, and returned with the little Prince to Biarritz. . He then visited Bordeaux, and one or two other points of importance oh the west coast of France, returning to Paris, aa ;already remarked, on Thursday. Queen Isabella, it is said, ls only beginning to forgive the elevation of ono of her subjects to a rank equal, if not superior to her own ; and the two ladies have not hitherto (so gossip hos always declared) been ou the best of tarma. But tho perseverance with whieh the Empress has fought (he cause of the Pope has, it appears, worked a revolution in l^e feeling of her Catholio Majesty. ? When it waa known that the Empress, in her newly-developed love of a nautical life, waa to touch at Seville, orders were sent to that point, enjoining the payment of all possible honours to the Imperial incognita, who ia travelling under the name of the Countess ol Pierrefonds-a title derived from the old feudal estate of that name near Compiegne, whose ancient chateau (of which only the foundations remained) is being rebuilt, exactly as it was in its prime, by the Emperor, who purchased the eBtate to please the Empress. When ber fair Majesty reached the beautiful, Sara ccneequo town of Seville, where sho spent two days, the relenting Majesty at Madrid sent to the former a telegraphic invitation to visit Madrid, This invitation was accepted, and the fair Eugenie is shortly to proceed to tho capital with which tho reminiscences of her early days are BO inti- mately connected. Prince Napoleon meantime is in England, busily " look- ing np" tho Crystal Palace, model farms, prize stock, and agricultural implements. His excellent little wife ia still with her sister ; and as the Prince of Carignano, cousin of Victor Emanuel, and prince Amadeus, their second brother, have jUEt joined the rejoicing family circle now assembled at the pleasant palace of the Ajuda, the birth of the heir of the Crown of Portugal is, no doubt, being duly filed by his im- mediate relatives. The young king has granted, in honour ot MB son, two amnesties, BO very ample in their provisions as to go very near the effecting of a complete clearance ol t the political prisons. All tho insurgents implicated iu the foolish outbreak at Braga, where, a year ago, the people re- fused to pay taxes, and attacked the tax-gatherers, are thus nmong others restored to liberty. These measures seem tc havo given much satisfaction to the Portuguesa people. The groat questions which ore now agitating Europe havi scarcely changed complexion since my last. The Parii papers have been buBily discussing Lord Russell's assertiot that Russia had lost her treaty-rights over Poland ; ant the harrowing details brought us by every post, of thi barbarities1 of the Russian tormentors of that unhappy country, keep the mind of the Freach people in, a constan atato of irritation, partly against Russia, for ber atrocioru miquities,partlyaçainatEnElandforherunwniingneB8tejoïi France in interposing between the'savage tormentor and tb heroic victim, fighting for the most sacred rights, and fo very life, against a regime wMch is a disgrace to Europe and cruelties which nro a disgrace to humanity. As to what the Emperor really wishes to do for Poland people here know about aa much as the " Man in tho moon,' His , saturnine Majesty is a safe keeper of his own ooun eels -, and the prolonged villtggialura of most ef the mern1 bera of his winter entourage compela us still to await th manifestatien of the oracle'. But it ia tolerably certain the the presence of Prince Czirtorieki In this oily baa a politics motive ; also that the recognition of the Poles as bellige renta is the point the Prince ia labouring to carry Considering the promptitude with which Englan and France admitted the belligerent quality of the poop! for whom at that time ao little sympathy was ' felt 1 Europe, and who had then so comparatively little to oom plain of, it may well seem strange to the French mind th« a step of similar import should not be taken in regard ( the Poles, waging a death-struggle against the deadl hatred and crushing tyranny ol the masters who have a flagrantly abuted a power usurped through fraud and vic lenee, and maintained by the same means. The Mexican deputation, sent toi offer to the Archduk Maximilian the vote of the notables of Mexico, fems accorfimoäatiOM prepared fer them on their arrival i Triette by the Archduke, who had hirod the first floor of tho principal hotel for their reception, and whera they were duly received by two of his chamberlains. Tho principal inhabitants of the city placed their carriages at the disposal of the envoys ; and, altogether, the latter seem to have been treated with great cordiality by tho Triestines, although, tho embassy being sent, not tri the Government, but to the Archduke, no official réception could be given to them. On Saturday last the deputation proceeded to the magnificent eBtate and ohatoaa of Miramar, a few miles from the town, and overlooking the sea, whioh, being the private property and favourite reeidenoe of Maxi- milien, has been improved and beautified by him and by 'Princess Charlotte, into one of tho most splendid and charming of the royal abodes of Europe. The Archduke, who had sent his own carriages to con- vey the envoy s to the chateau, received them at the head of his aides-de-camp, officers, and household, all being in grand uniform. The deputation brought with them the vote of the Mexi- can notables, transcribed on a roll of parchment, which roll was enclosed in the shaft ot a massive gold sceptre, sent ever as an offering to their future Emperor. This sceptre, executed in a fortnight by Mexican artiste, represents two eagles, joined at the neck, and supporting the Imperial crown. They hold a serpent in their 'beak, and are surrounded by branches of myrtle and olive, M. de Estrada, spokesman of the deputation, in MB address to the archduke gave a sketch of tho history and present position of Mexico, and thence deduced tho determination of the country tore-establish monarchical government, by wey of putting an end to internal dissensions, and inaugu- rating a régime ot stability and progress. To this address the archduke replied by expressing his high sense of the honour done te himself and to the reigning House of Austria by the choice of the Mexican people, and passed in review the conditions on. which he would accept the Mexican crown ; from whioh reply it appears that he has ; decided to allow himself to be placed at the head of the new empire, provided that a vote of the entire Mexican people shell ratify tho choice made by tho nobles, and pro- vided abo that the empire, if re-established, be surrounded by "all the guarantees which are indispensable to its security against the dangers which threaten its integrity and its independence." If this popular ratification and these guarantees be accorded, tho Archduke then de- clared he should be willing, " with the assont of the illustrious head of his family, and confiding in the protection of the Almighty, to accept the crown." The Archduke then stated that, Bhould he .' be called to the high civilising mission attached to the crown," he was firmly ' determined to open the path of order and civilisation to Mexico hy the aid of a constitutional government, and " to seal by an oa'h, so soon as the work of pacification ' shall be completed, the fundamental compaot concluded 'with tho nation." The whole tone of tho Archduke's reply was such as to strengthen the hope, based .on his : character, end his known attachment to liberal and constitutional ideas, that the rich but distracted heritage of tbe old Caciques may once more, under his auspices, attain the position to which its resources and territorial importance entitle it to aspire. It ia ourioua to cote that, in thia important interview between tho Spaniards of the new world and the Austrian descendant of their ancient Kings, the French tongue waa employed by both parties. After the speechifying was over, the Arch- duke entertained his guests at a magnificent banquet, whioh seems to have gone off in most amicable style. It is laid that the Archducal reply had been previously submitted to the approbation of tho Kaiser and of the ; French Emperor ; and that the aentiments expressed there- in may consequently be regarded os an exposition of the ' views entertained in regard to Mexico at Vienna and here. , The nature of the "guarantees" to be demanded hythe new (overeign are not precisely known ; but probably refer to the temporary assistance in troops and money which will > evidently be needed to enable Mexico "' to hold her own " j against the hostility of the Federals, even if the majority ot , her children should really give in their willing adhesion to the 'new regime. The Emperor Napoleon te said to be willing to furnish the necessary troops, who would be paid by the Mexican Government, and to count upon England for helping Mexico with a loan, (which latter provision would seem to imply that his ' Imperial Majesty has full confidence in the turning over, \ by the new Mexican Government, of a new leaf in the ; chapter of the old financial liabilities of the country. The Kaiser is hardly in a position to help the new empire with anything beyond his fraternal consent and good wishes to its head. The young King of Greece has been formally taken leave of by the King of JDenmark, and having renounced all his rights to the Danish Crown, has begun a round of farewell visits to the Kassian, Belgian, English, and Frenoh Courts, . previous to leaving the West of iurope for his new post on its troublous eastern borders. He is said to be a sensible, good-hearted, and upright, young man, and likely to make a very satisfactory king to his new subjects. Aa soon as he has set sail for Greece, he will adopt the Greek costume ; and seems to have quito mods up his mind to throw in his lot, heart and soul, with the people he is called to govern. The gossips, who have so long been declaring that our Princess Helena was to be the future Queen of the Greeks, are somewhat disconcerted at the counter-rumour sow current, according to which the Prince of Orange, restored to the confidence and good i graces of Queen Victoria, is to ba consoled for the refusal of Princess Alice by the hand of her younger sister. How- ever, there would still remain, for the domestic benefit of ; the young King, little Princess Beatrice, the prettiest of the Boyal daughters, and who might certainly make a worse match than that which would "looate" her youthful Highness under the msgnifisent Hellenio sky. 1 be ; hideous chronicle of Russian atrocities in Poland would of itself more than suffice to fill this letter. The activity of the insurgente continues unabated, and the balance cf success is still in their favour. But Russia sesma to count upon tho near approach of winter, when it will be difficult, If not impossible, for the bands of insur- gents to remain under arms, while the Russians will be able, with far lees difficulty than at present, to pursue them , over morasses which, under the action of frost, will be : morasses so longer. Paria, Ootober 19th. The death of M. Billault, the ablest of the Imperial orators, and one of the most devoted and most useful of the Imperial instrumente, ia the one topic of conversation here at this present writing. Speculation ia rife as to the pro- bable successor of thia able Minister; but not even all competent rumour has ventured aa yet to put forward any name os that of the destined heir to the responsibilities and honours of the deceased. M. Billault waa a' self-made man ; and one of the most amiable of his peculiarities was the interest he took in helping forward young men of talent in the lower ranks of society. He began practising as a lawyer, at Nantes, in his twentieth year, and rapidly rose to local distinction. In 1837 he was elected to the Chamber of Deputies by three constituencies; his energy, boldness, and readiness at debate, soon made him . conspicueua aa a leading member of the Opposition. "When. M. Thiers, in 1840, waa called upon to form the second of the Cabinets at whioh be presided, he named M. Billault Under-secretary of Stato for Commerce and Agri- culture, in which department the rare ability of the young politician was prominently displayed. On the overthrow of M. Thiers on the Eastern question, and the accession of M. Guizot to office as Minister for Foreign Affairs, M. Billault returned to his place in the ranks of the Opposition, His wonderful gifts as a parliamentary speaker had now been greatly improved, and in all discussions of importance he ? led the vsn, being usually the one to state the question and to lead tho attack. His position waa not aä yet clearly defined, his sympathies vacillating between the Left, di- rected by Odillon Barrot, and the Left-centre, led by M. Thiers, On the question of the Spanish marriage he defi- nitely broke with both, and Btood thenceforth alone. The Revolution of 1848 found him without party engagements j of any kind. He was returned to the Constituent Assembly, I but os he kept aloof from_ all parties he was not elected to the Legislative body. The Prince I President, however, had observed his abilities, and frequently applied to him when now Ministerial combinations were necessary. Immediately after the coup a" etat the Emperor made him President of the Legislative Assembly ; and, subsequently, made him Minister of the Interior, in which office his rare union of firmness and con- ciliation gave great satisfaction. In 18G0, his appointment as Minister without. portfolio raised him to the highest position in the Government ; and the brilliant style in which he discharged the dutieB of that arduous and un- thankful eminence has boen the means of redeeming it, BB far as it could be redeemed, in the eyes of the Frenoh people. When the Emperor, wishing to take a step forward towards inaugurating the liberty of the parliamentary regime, deter- mined to enlarge the Bphore of his representatives, by authorising them to appear before the Chamber not as maro debaters, bnt aa the oompetent exponents) of his views and policy, M. Billault was naturally chosen for this new duty. Tho admirable manner in which it was performed by the deceased statesmen is admitted, even by those who did not share hie political creed. His eloquence was as rich in illus- tration as in power of exposition; and some of his speeches, OB exponent of the Imperial policy, may rank with the beBt speoimens of Parliamentary oratory. It seems, OB far as regards tho men he leaves behind him, simply impossible for the Emperor to find tiny one competent to fill his plaoe. Count Orrjano's death, occurring altnoBt simultaneously with that of M. Billault, and the eerious illness of M. Baroche and of M. Troplong, are said to have greatly pained sind depressed the Emperor. The Count, who descends from the old Uno of sovereign counts of Corsica, and boasts ono of tho oldeBt lines of ancestry in Europe, waa tho faith- ful friend and adherent of the first Napoleon. On the death of Prince Jerome, the present Emperor made him Governor of the Invalides in the plaoe of the deceased Prince, There was a_ distant cousinship between the Count and his sovereign through his mother Isabelle Bonaparte. The remains of M. Billault have been lying in stat« at his official residence, and those of the Count at the Invalides. The former were buried, with all the pomp of a State funeral, on Saturday ; the : latter are being carried to their "last home" in similar style, while these linea are being written. The keen and polished confrere of the late Minister is te-day reported as better, but the accomplished President of the Court of Cassation ta still dangerously ill. It is rumoured here, but with how muon truth it ia diffi- cult to tell, that tho'Emperor, finding that the Archduke Maximilian has . not the least idea of being reduced to the rank of a puppet in the hands of France, but is, on the contrary, determined, if he .rules over Mexico at all, to do his utmost to make her a flourishing, contented, and inde- pendent constitutional country, is beginning to cast about for an excuse for turning him overboard. The other rumour, which represents him as greatly perplexed in regard to Poland, unwilling to leave the Poles to be hunted down in detail by their brutal oppressors, mm OH«»»/---5 to risk a war with Russia unsupported by the moral and material sid of Great Britain, is probably a good deal nearer the truth. The declaration of Lord Russell that England, unmoved by the hideous scenes now enacting in Poland, only wants " to rest and bo thankful," ia com- mented upon with no little bitterness and contempt by tho journals here, and is regarded as an authoritative confirma- tion of the'* selfishness," " narrowness," and indifference to humanitory considerations not affecting English inter- ests, which the entire French people have declared ^to be tho essence of British policy so long that they have ooma to fully believe it. The usual obtoure quarrels appear to be going on in the cabinet and the backstairs of the palace at Madrid. The elections, however, are going on quietly ; a large number of voters abstaining from tue exercise of their franchise. It is asserted, both here and at Madrid, that tho Empress is posi- tively expected there, aa the guest of Queen Isabella, and that she will remain there five days. The Ultramontanes are rejoicing at the news, as they believe thac tho Empress canBot fail to bring book from suoh - a vibic an increase of zeal on behalf of the temporal power of the Papaoy. The last ten years have witnessed a very rapid and fortunato development of the resources of the country whioh once held so imperial a plaoe is themis of Europe. The Spanish revenues have risen from ? £11,000,000 ia 1860, to £28,763.515 in 1862 ; the sale of publio lands, for the discharge of exceptional liabilities, which, during the past financial year, has yielded £5,000,000. The tonnago, only £1,500,000 in 1850, hal. riaen to over £3,000,000. Of railway e, whioh, at tho form- r date, counted lesa than a hundred miles for all Spain, 1600 miles are now made, and working, bringing districts together that were separated but a few years sinai, by the want of communications, os effectually os though by the diameter of the earth's orbit. Banks and oredit Institution« have arisen in great numbers, facilitating both native in- dustry and foreign commerce throughout the country. Tho present Government is said to contemplate tho oonsoli-. elation of the whole of the heterogeneous debts of Spain ; a measure whioh, by redeeming her fair fame in the eyes of her foreign debtors, would do more to raise her in the rospeot of Europa '? than could be accomplished by any other mea- sure. The present consolidated debt of Spain is very small in proportion to her population aud résout oes, being but £13i,OCO,000, or scarcely mere than that of Holland, whoas people number but one-fifth of the subjects of the Spanish Crown. The immense fertility of her soil and the great facilities for exportation afforded by her long linea of coast ought to suffice to place Spain in a high position among; the European Powers. Misgovernment and bad faith have long prevented her from benefiting by these natural re- sources; but the marked improvement whioh has charoo- ' teriscd the last few years encouragea the hope that Spain, is really awaking from her long torpor, and. that the next few years may see her throwing off the incubus of the past, : and taking an important plaoe in the movement of Buro Eean politics. She must, however, in order to do this, relax: er bigotry in mattera of faith, and get rid of the gangrene of slavery in her colonies. She might . also, while in the vein of reforms, give up the odious andi brntaliaing spectacle of her bull-fights. Though the subjects of Queen victoria must fain confess that there was a cer- tain amount of truth in the reply of the Empresa Eugenia when some ono who must here bo nameless ventured to expostulate with her Majesty on her passion for. that species of show, and to express hts hope that there waa no truth in the rumour that she was about to patronise the introduction of bull-fights into France-" How can your Majesty, BB a woman and aa a Christian, approve so cruel and demoralising a spectacle?" enquired the foreigner ? referred to, whose petition gave him unusual facilities for venturing on a little plainness of speeoh. " You must ' remember," returned tho Empresa, " that habit has a good deal to do with our judgment in euch mattera. As I have . been accustomed te witness bull-fights every week from my childhood, they never strike me in the same sort of way as that in which they seem to have struck you and other foreigners. I don't feel myself to be demoralised ¡ by them, and I don't think that Spaniards aro any the worse for them. Besides, though yon. are BO much shocked at bull-fights, you must remember that in your country, fights between men are attended by immense crowds. Now, if you object to the effects of bull fighting, aa a cruel and brutalising apeotaoie, I reply, that to my mind, man- fighting appears very muoh more cruel* and very much more brutalising." "I hold pugilistic exhibitions to be quite BB bad aa your Majesty censidera them," replied the remonstrant, "but your Majesty will certainly admit that tho existence of an evil in England ia no exouse for the commission of another . evil in Spain. And while hoping that we may witneeaJhe . cessation of the disgraceful soenea whioh your Majee+J*sV> >? justly blames the English people for tolerating, I venture to hope that your Majesty may admit that ball-fighting as well as man- fighting are spectacles whioh ought no longer' to be permitted," Prussia and Austria are still at variance on the question of Federal reform, and muoh wordy discussion is going on between their respective Cabinets. The former, or rather its sovereign, seems to be hopelessly entangled in this web of fallacies, against wkioh the majority of her people are preparing to protest by the most radically democratic chamber Prussia has ever seen. Radicalism and democracy, however, are something very mild in Prussia ; < and it ia probable that the wildest revolutionary storm that King and Minister could succeed in raising would have no woree tendency than that of inducing the King to abdicate in favour of hts more enlightened sou. The King, being in ono ef his angry moods the other day, on passing through a town whose municipality had refused to take any notice of bia pnessge, commented in violent terms on the opposition tactics of one of the members for the place in question-a certain Doctor Somebody, of whose name I find I have for- gotten to make a note. "I am greatly displeased with him ; he is an enemy to bia King and country, and you may tell' your fellow-townsmen what I have eaid!" remarked the indiscreet monarch to one of the leading railway officials iii attendance at the station. The expression of the Royal mind was, of course, immediately transmitted to 1 the townspeople by the official, himself an earnest Liberal. Thereupon the electoral committee sent word to the learned doctor that " he need not give himself the slightest trouble to canvass for his re-election, as the report of the King"a words had determined the whole town to vote for him, and for no one else, and that he might, consequently, consider his re- election aa certain." ' Publio opinion in Prussia ia decidedly opposed to the pro- jected act of Federal interference in Holstein, and the lett- ing liberal journals are all against the measure. A crop of warnings " will probably be the result of their criticisms ; ; the censors, stimulated by M. "Von Bismark, being ex- tremely alert just now. Theology and politioa are alike ' \- regarded by this statesman and his clique aa foreign to the» acope of tho periodical Presa, aa has just been shown in the case of the fomeranian Gazette. The owner of a certain meadow in Pomerania has, it appears, an immemorial right to take wafer from a certain aereara, for the irrigation of his land on the festival day of eaoh of the Apostles. Until lately he has only exercised this right twelve times a year ; but it lately occurred to him that St. Barnabas was just as much an Apostle as were the original twelve, and hey consequently, determined to claim hiB privilege for thirteen" dayB. The owner of a neighbouring mill disputed hit right to do this, and a suit waa instituted to decide the legality of the question. The Pomeranian Gazette, which has kept its readers en courant of thia delioioua little quarrel, has just received the following third warning, from the Vice President of the Regency : " The jesting manner in which, under the title of Twelve or Thirteen Apostles, you have spoken of a suit now pend- ing between the owner of a meadow at Rhemonulheim and a neighbouring miller, leaves no doubt aa to your intention, of turning into ridicule the doctrine of tho Christian church, relating to the Holy Ghost. 1 therefore, &o.;" _ Rumour declarea that the Poles, despairing of obtaining aid from England and France, is offering to help Turkey to re- conquer the provinces which have been taken from her by Russia, as tho price of TurkiBh help in the struggle now pinding. It is added that Russia, alive to the danger of such a combination, is converting Kertch into a firet-olass fortified station, and is carrying on enormous works on the cea of A zo il'. The young monarch who is about to proceed to déminions in such uncomfortable . proximity to what may ao soon become the seat of a vast conflagration, is winning " golden opinions " from all with whom he ls brought into oontaot. STELLA.. 