SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, Oct. 17. Major Warburton has returned from the fu north, having travelled 1500 miles. The natives are reported as having been quiet, and beyond a few petty thefts there was nothing to be complained of. Oct. 19. The Ilenmba Pastoral Company's exploring party has just returned from Fowler's Bay. Messra. Stow and Brodie report having ben searching for water for the, last nine months They found an abundant supply about 24 miles north- west of Fowler's Bay. They also found a splendid pastoral country. They will return shortly to stock the country, They met, just before starting, M'Farlane, who we' working his way westward. They think M'Farlano is too late in the year to do much. Ho will have diffloulty in finding water to the westward. The first time-ball in Adelaide, erected by J. Davis, jeweller, dropped to-day, at 1 p.m. Oct. 20. Nothing is doing in flour and wheat. Townsend sold the Yadlamaka run, of 100 square miles, for £19,000; 500 sheep at 23e. each, and horses and cattle at valuation. Oet. 21. Holders .of floor and wheat would realise, and submit to lower rates, but no purchasers are coming forward. The half-yearly meeting of the Bern Mining Company, hba been held. It was stated that 4,848 tons of ore were raised lest half-year, at a cost of £44,349. It realised £51,936, leaving a profit of £7,588. It is estimated that the balance dividihle will be £14,225. The average yield of the ore raised was 23 per cent. The dividend has not yet been doclared. Oct. 22. At.a great meeting at Port Elliot, a resole tion was passed pledging the district to join the Rivorixio, if Government do not complete the jetty, Granite Island. Total scoros ton men Milang Company (con test with England), 1,204; seven shots, from 200 to 900 yards. The shooting was poor. There was a groat dust and thunderstorm. Breadstuffs greatly depressed. Wheat market.-Holders anxious to dispose of stocks. No boyars. -ThoT Ilitary Bill has passed. Thie Govern ment agree to pay the Queen annually for two companies. Oct. 23. This Government has given six mouths' notice from Sept. last that they will cesse to collect the Murray duties, because Victoria refuses to collect duties on goods entering south-eastern district for this colony. It is expected that Parliament will close next Friday. The Appropriation Act will come on-next Tuesday. Tho Sea Shell sailed from Port Elliott for Melbourne with 2,490 bags wheat. The wheat and flour markets are unsettled. Flour, £12 to £12 10s. Wheat, 5s. 4d. Miss Gougonheim engaged another monal. Ghost yesterday a failure. Ot 24. A notice of application for admission the South Australian bar has been posted Via in favor of Archibald Miehie, Esq., of toria. Mr. Michia is engaged for the petitioners in a mine case, likely to coma oefin *o . 