THE GREAT EASTERN. _ [From the New York Herald.} Seven hundred feet of flush deck, never wet with spray in any ordinary gale ; 1,200 people sprinkled about the monster, making no more show than the ordinary complement of a common steamer for society. The toar 18-pounders peal out their parting salute to the crowded docks at Liverpool, and notify us that we are under way, a fact that is hardly indi cated to a close observer by any jar of the engines, or any motion of the ship, even when she is going at speed in smooth water. Below decks the ship looks most unostentatiously plain, but substantial to the highest point, and with the hammering she had in the terrific gale when »he lost her runndr, and after wards, whoa »he struck a new found rock in mid channel off Mont&uk;, aot the slightest sign of strain can be found upon her. Her arrangement for pas sengers are the first step in that reverse of old quar terdeck rules which steam most sooner or later bring, in order to avoid coal smoke and other nuisances. Her forecastle for the crew, to speak Hibernice, cornea next the taflrail ; then the quarters of the steerage passengers on the after part of the two decks, with air ports which can be kept open all the time — price of passage being about what a laboring man can earn during the 35 days that he will save as compared with the crowded 'twixt decks of a sailing ship. Forward of this comes the intermediate steerage, where, at a low rate, a few passengers 'get very fair quarters in rough state rooms, which most people would prefer, for 11 days, to the cabin of a sailing ship for 40. These arrangements for the crew and steerage passengers take up leBs than a- quarter of the ship's length. Next conies the second cabin, the occupants of which share the remaining three-quarters of the deck -with the captain, officers, and first-class passengers. Below decks they are only separated by an iron bulkhead and a curtain door from the first cabin, and yet practically all the advantages of the first class, good air, fort state-rooms, good substantial food, and a fair half of the delightful music which, the band discourses at meals in the first cabin. We now come to the more aristocratic part of the ship, which is generally plain as a pikestaff, and owes its attractions more to its ample light and perfect venti lation than to any attempt at elegance or ornament, evcepting the grand saloon and ladies* cabin, which shine with gilt and mirrors. Those who have smothered for a fortnight in the little air-tight state rooms of the little 3,000 ton steamers, flavored with sea-sick reminiscences, can but appreciate the luxury of an open, port 15 inches in diameter in each state room. Here you can get quarters in rooms varying from 20 feet square at corresponding prices, but all having the one thing needful for health — namely, fresh air ad libitum, and some suites of rooms with baths and water-eloseta attached. We have now sur veyed the comforts of the ship. The luxuries con sist of a good table, attention, service, and a most capital band of 15 pieces, which sounds the reveille in the morning and the retreat at night, announces the meals by bugle calls, accompanies the dinner below, and then amuses the world above for aa hour or two about sunset, giving the steerage and other passen gers a chance which they often wait for to dance upon the broad and even deck. But, asks a timid friend, how about safety with all this comfort, luxury, and grandeur, and how about sea sickness. Let us weigh our good ship's qualities in the light of pru dence and experience. Once at sea all admit that she is the safest ship that floats. She is built with wonderful strength and skill, and has stood more tests than any ship now extant. Any ordinay colli sion with other vessels could only result in her favor. She is nearly fireproof, and her fire engines have lain, nightly along her decks, reducing her danger to almost nothing. A gals of wind at sea is merely sport to her. In case of breaking down one set of engines, she ha8, beside her sails, either her screw or her paddles left. But how can she be safe in ap proaching the shore with her unwieldy bulk and great draught of water ? Let those who saw her go into Qaeenstown inner harbor before a gale of wind, and turn in her own. length amid the shipping, under the guidance of Captain Paton, as a steed obeys his rider, say whether she is docile. In truth, the advan tages of handling her in narrow water by turning the screw one way and the paddle the other makes her, under Bkilful hands, more manageable than, ordinary sea steamers. This brings us to her one admitted fault, counterbalanced by so many virtues — that sha draws five feet more water than a steamer of 3,000 tons, and may thus pick up a new ledge of rocks or an old sand-bar when the other would go clear. True, she may again, as Bhe did off Montauk, and what was the result? With six holes in her bottom, one of them 100 feet long, aud one 40 feet long, she resumed her voyage into port, and delivered her pas sengers unfrightened, her cargo undamaged. She has, in fact, double bottoms, 3 feet apart, besides a great number of compartments, some of which could be filled by ruptureB in both her bottoms without the ship sinking. It would be a long story to tell the patience and invention which enabled Captain Paton and his officers to repair her bottom without the help of any dock, but the same qualities which then got her out of difficulty gives the best guarantee for her future safety while he walks ' the monarch of her peopled deck.' How about sea sickness ? There is absolutely no pitch in her in any ordinary gale, an angle of sir degrees being the greatest her decks ever attain fore and aft. Here is one-half the motive cause of sea sickness taken out. She rolls with an easier motion than most ships, bat still she rolls at times about as much as smaller ships. On the pas sage we had racks on the table to secure the plates part of two days. Very sensitive people will still sometimes be sea sick on board ; but, with freedom from pitching and from bad smells, and with the abnndance of fresh air, it is difficult to imagine any better security against nausea than the furnishes. Out of 1,200 passengers a few have been sick, but a great majority of those who are usually sea sick are entirely free from it. Let us now leave these dry details and revert to the scene which enlivened the good ship on the 4th of July, 18G3. The sky was bright, the sea was blue and smooth, and most of her passengers were on deck. About noon certain myste rious bundles were seen rising to her masthead, and at a signal from Captain Paton these unrolled and displayed the glorious stars and stripes upon one mast and St. George's red cross on the other, while her cannon thundered forth a national salute, and the full band gave us the inspiring 'Hail, Columbia.' The salute ended, two standards were handed — one, the American, to a fine-looking Englishman, and the other, English, to a stalwart American; and the passengers, steerage and cabin, marched three timea round the ship (nearly a mile), led by the band, playing national airs. A few speeches, good for the shortness, if for nothing eke, cheers tor the flag, for the Queen, for the ship, and for Captain Paton, closed this harmonious festivity. At dinner the best feeling was manifested by all, and much interchange of courtesy between. Americans and English occurred ; but there was no formal celebration, our energies being reserved for the evening. The Rev. W. Harcus delivered a first-rate leefcur upon Oliver Cromwell last night at the Institute. He started with an allusion to the misconceptions that were, till lately, held with respect to Cromwell Twenty years ago he was considered a hypocrite — a regicide— and his name was mentioned to stop the noise of crying children. Now, however, his charac ter and works were better understood, and he was regarded as one of the best, bravest, and most self- denying men that ever lived. Glancing at the conduct of Charles L, and the causes which led to the revolution which brought Oliver into prominence, he quoted from Cromwell's letters, and referred to his private aad public consistency to show that his reli gion was true and real, and not canting hypocrisy. He then proceeded to analyse those points in Oliver's character which were considered most vulnerable, viz., the part he took in the King's death, and his conduct at the battle in Ireland. With respect to the execution of Charles, he said it was a fatal error ; but as the King had violated the fundamental prin ciples of the Constitution, by acting without his Par liament, and levying taxes, &c;, on his own responsi bility, the bond between him and his subjects was severed. Then Cromwell did not take the initiative in the matter. He contended the King was justly deposed from the throne ; but at the same time he admitted he was unjustly put to death. Poli tical crimes should never be expiated on the scaffold. He was not swift to shed blood, but he believed, with Macaulay, that Charles was judged rather by his death than by his life. Having referred to and tried to explain Cromwell's policy with respect to the battle in Ireland, he gave an eloquent and finely written mental portraiture of the great Pro tector. As a soldier, he said, he was high-souled, generous, and humane ; as a hUBpand he was affection ate and fkifchful ; aad as a Christian he was consistent, devoted, and sincere. He was great as a statesman, warrior, and man, and bis monument was in the liberties of the English people. He closed with a couple of quotations from D'Aubigne and Macaulay, in commendation of the conduct and services of Cromwell. Mr. W. Cavanagh, M.P., proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, but at the same time took exception to the lecturer1 s estimate of Oliver's character in Borne points. Mr, D. Galley seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. Mr. Harcus replied, and the meeting ended. There was a very good attendance at the Victoria Theatre on ITriday evening to witness the ' Peep o'Day.' This drama will bs repeated this evening and on Monday night, and we must again urge those who wish to see a very interesting drama well pro- ? duced not to miss these opportunities. Miss Grougen heim's engagement, we regret to Bay, terminates on Wednesday next, when we believe she will take her benefit, whioh ought to be a bumper. On Thursday evening the management have arranged with the colonial patentees of the new celebrated spectral illu sions to commence their exhibition at the Yictoria Theatre. These illusions, popularly known as ' the G-hoat,' are the invention of Professor Pepper and Mr. Henry Dtrcks, and were first brought out at the Polytechnic Institution at home, and subsequently used on the stages of the Britannia and Adelphi Theatres. They excited, as is well known, great ad miration both in England and on the Continent, the deception being perfect and the visionary figures not being distinguishable at a distance from living per sons, except, of course, by objects passing through them. The patent was introduced into Australia by Mr. Edward Wollaston, scientific chemist, Mel bourne, and has had immense success at the theatres both of Melbourne and BaUarat, and, in fact, where ever it has been introduced. The novelty of the thing will no doubt induce many persona to see it in Adelaide ; and Mr. Solomon is entitled to the thanks of the publio for the troubls and pains he has taken o introduce this ' Ghost' at the Victoria Xheatret 