HUNTING. the nrBi-isoi;nxJB hoiiuds. Dbab Bell,— On Saturday last tho fixturo was atOaklelgh Steeple — -'.-?;, 'tis called Oakleigh Stoeple for tho euphonious (a good word, eh T English sound of the tryst,— although the actual muctoring plnco is hoat Gibson's, of saddleof mutton and currant jelly celebrity, whero a raoBfc appetising breakfast is always to bo bad as a preparative for tbe day's worlc Between thirty and forty horsemen assembled, tolorably pnnotual to tho starting time, but not many nv.ilod themselves of tho good thinga provided- to at»y the early morninjj cravings ot nature. When ' boot nnd eaddle' was sounded, the MuBter throw his leg over Little Wonder (tho grey), whom ho baa not hunted for Borne months ; Fred appeared on Mountaineer, and the active little second whip on nn unknown. The rest of the field was com posed of Nonsense, Prluco Albert, Roosct. Young Hector, Rambler, Dominie, Long Dog, Tho Don, Sportsman, 'the judloinl chestnut,' nnd a variety of nags lesa known to fame. With hotter luck than usual, the gallant pack fell la with game in less than an hour after being thrown Into cover, tbo find being close to Clayton's paddock, but the quarry only a runy doc, with an infant joey. Tho ground was fearfully boavy and wot, nnd tbo fun not proving anfHclently good, Mr. 'Watson hied away to Tootlo'a, wero long-tailed 'uns are generally nt home. Sureonough,s;arce hod ho made a tait round, when two or threo of tho old houndi put down their ncaon, up went their Btorn;, and a bold challenge wns speedily anawered by the pack gathering around, and in a trioo dashing away on a hot seont nfteran 'old man,' that bounded away in view of eoveral of tho Bportsmcn. Over the dreaded two-rniler, ncrosi the sodden heath, through several smallor encloauros, nod then slap at the nasty wire fenre of Graham's, galloped those who could, should, or would, ond with various success as regards falls and cscapos. Tlio chevy continned for moro lhan nn hour, tlm lino being a doublo ring ronnd 'tho usnnl Tootle, Orabnm, and adjacent paddock.'. At length, as the scent waa bad, the horses and bounu'a fatigued, nnd Mel bourne a long wny off, tho pack w-.to stopped no person being sorry to find his nasal organ turned hoinewarda. By-tlie-byo, it ia decided to havo a Hunt Club Stcoplcchase In a f*w weeks, but ft will moat probably take place across country this time, and not ovor tho nnde jumps of tho metropolitan cours-. NfMROD'S GHOST. 