MR. GISBORNE'3 TELUGRAPE I SCHEME. We stated a day' or two since that the. Go- vernment had received an intimation that Mr. G'sbbrxia had offered to. construct an overland teleeraoh to Cambridge Gulf, the terminus' of Mr. Stuart's last exploration, .for an annual subsidy of £35,000. The Chief Secretary, as ?oon as he became, acquainted with this offer, communicated with the Treasurer, in Mel bourne, with a view of submitting the matter to the delegates assembled, there. It is most likely,' howeverj' that' they will have already heard of it, for we find that despatches on the subject have been published in some of the other colonies. Mr. Gisborne's echeme, it appears, is based entirely upon the conclusion that the overland line must start from Queensland. He adopts this, in preference to a line round the coast, at the suggestion of the Government of Queens land, and be expresses a hope that the Govern monta of the other colonies will acquiesce in the arrangement. We subjoin copies of the docu ments which Mr. Gisborno has transmitted to the Governors of the Australian Colonies : — . "6, Duke-street, Adelphi, London, January 26, 1863. "Sir— I have the honour to annex copy of a letter, dated this day, I have addressed to His Excellency the Governor of Queensland, agreeing, on the part of the promoters of the Anglo-Australian and China Telegraph, to adopt Van Diemen's Inlet in the south-eastern portion of Gulf Carpentaria as the terminus of the cable from Java, upon certain conditions us to the maintenance of the land line to Brisbane, which are stated in that letter. This will reduce the length of the submarine line to 1,855 nautical miles of distance, the total capital to £710,000, and the annual subsidy to £35,500. "You will observe, Sir, that that was the amount of subsidy agreed to in 1860, and I trust that no delay will now be interposed in carrying out the work. The Persian Gulf cable is being manufac tured at the rate of 50 miles per week. "I have, &c.;, "F. Gisborne.'' "6, Duke-street, Adelphi, London, January 26, 1863. "Sir— I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of November 13th last, enclos ing a Minute of the Executive Council of Queens land, dated October 28th last, relating to the establishment of telegraphic communication be tween Australia and England via Java and India. "The Company proposed to lay a cable between Java and Broad Sound or Brisbane, but the Minute in question very strongly insists upon "the economy, safety, and certainty of communication" to be ob tained by substituting an overland telegraph be tween Brisbane and Gulf Carpentaria for the portion of the submarine line south of Cape York. "I have the pleasure to inform you that, after mature deliberation, the promoters have deter mined to accede to the wishes of the Government of Queensland in favour of the overland communi cation, and will be ready to fix the terminus of the cable at say Van Diemen's Inlet in the south eastern portion of Gulf Carpentaria. "The length of the submarine line will thus be reduced to 1,855 nautical miles of distance, and the total capital to £710,000; the subsidy will thus be also reduced to £35,500 per annum. "In coming to this decision, I have to state that the promoters cannot themselves undertake the construction of the overland line, and must secure the shareholders against loss in the con tingency of this portion of the work not being completed contemporaneously with the laying of the cable, or not being afterwards efficiently main tained. In either of these contingencies it is evident that not only would the capital invested in the submarine portion of the work remain un productive, but great discredit would be thrown upon the whole communication, and public con fidence be seriously shaken. It must also be borne in mind that the English public are not in a position to judge of the possibility of constructing within a specified time, or of afterwards efficiently maintaining the proposed overland telegraph. "It is therefore absolutely necessary that the Queensland Government should accede to a con dition which is the counterpart of the condition which deprives the Company of a rateable portion of the subsidy when the cable is not in working order. "The new condition proposed is as follows:— '''That the Government of Queensland shall construct and maintain an overland telegraph between Brisbane and Van Diemen's Inlet, in Gulf Carpentaria, within one and a half years from the date of the contract granting the subsidy for the cable between Java and the said inlet. "'That for every day beyond the said one and a half years which shall elapse without telegraphic communication being completed, and after its com pletion, for every day that such telegraphic commu nication shall be interrupted between Brisbane and Van Diemen's Inlet the Government of Queens land engages to pay to the Company at the rate of 10 per cent. per aunum upon the cost of the said submarine line.' "You will observe that the 10 per cent. would have to go to pay the working expenses as well as a dividend. "It will be evident to you, Sir, that no progress will be made in this matter until the colonies agree among themselves upon a common basis of action, and I trust that the interest which you have con stantly evinced in this great question has already caused you to take practical steps to secure such an agreement. I can see no difficulty in the way of this if the intention exists. "I have, &c.; "F. Gisborne. "His Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen, Governor of Queensland, &c.;, &c;, &c.;" The Netherlands War Steamer Djambi.— We learn that Captain Douglas, believing from the stitements of the captain of the City of Melbourne that the war steamer Djambi, recently at King George's Sound, will arrive here about the 20th instant, has made arrangements for duly saluting her when she reaches the Semaphore. It will be remembered that a little while ago Melbourne was caught napping by a Russian war frigate, which had arrived and come to an anchor without being observed by any of the authorities on land or shore. Fortunately, we have been forewarned in the present case, and this gives the Port artillery men tune to be forearmed, otherwise we should have made even a worse figure than our Victorian neighbours did, for up to yesterday the guns and ammunition of the artillery were all in town, and it is doubtful whether such an article as a Dutch flag was obtainable here without previous notice. However, by this time preparations have lieen made, and when the visitors come we hope they will have nothing to complain of. Lancashire Relief Committee.— On Wednes day, April 15, a meeting of the Lancashire Belief Committee was held at Aldridge's. There were six members present. The Treasurer having delivered his financial statement, from which it appeared there was now in hand a balance of £81 3s. 4d., a general conversation took place with regard to the desirability or otherwise of bringing the movement to a close. It was ultimately re solved that another appeal should be made to the public to enable the Committee to send home by the May mail what will be for the present a final remittance, and that whatever sums are subscribed after that be sent in to Mr. Tomkinson, by whom they are to be forwarded to England. ~ Adelaide Reformatory.— The second annual report of the Adelaide Reformatory has just been published. It refers with gratitude to the in creasing interest which is being taken in the Society, as evidenced by an addition to the funds of upwards of £13 over the previous year,' and which has now placed it as one of the charitable institutions of the colony. Twenty-three persons have been admitted, 12 of whom seem to be living respectably; some have been lost sight of, and one has married welL Only three, females who were inmates have been reconvicted. The num ber of admissions during the year has been below that of the previous one, owing to the decrease of female prisoners, and to the circumstance that the -greater number of these are' of the lowest class of abandoned -women, whose reclamation is very doubtful. Nine released prisoners had been admitted during the year; five of these have been placed in service, four of whom are doing well; two have quitted the Reformatory, and two have been dismissed for riotous conduct A new matron, experienced in the required duties, and of stable religious character, has been appointed, and it is hoped that the efficiency of the institution will be materially increased. This appointment had necessitated a considerable advance in the salary, which, though small, was feared would prove a severe strain on the funds. The rent of the cottage was also increased by tbe addition of water-rates. The desirability of obtaining a more eligible locality for the institution, and the necessity of procuring means for the erection or purchase of suitable premises, is referred to, and an increase of funds is solicited, so that the institution' may not be crippled by inadequate means in carrying out its work. ' Dortea Mink.— The Captain of the Duryea Mine reports on the 13th inst that the eastern level— 32-fathom-is carrying spar and grey ore; and the western level spar, ore, - and mundic. He also states that he has found a good course of ore against the south wall, the back of which is paying to work, and from which ore is now being raised. Yelta Mining Venture.— We understand a telegram was received in Adelaide on Wednesday from Mr. W..L. Tuxford, announcing that a lode of black ore had been cut in Taylor's Shaft, Yelta Mine. V', The C00BONG.— We are informed that a private telegram was received in town on Wednesday, stating that the Coorong sailed on Tuesday after noon, at 4 o'clock, and that the delegates to the Interolonial Conference were amongst her passen ' gen. ; . Victobu THEATHt-^The popular Frene&felay;. 'ThijCorsiean Brothers^contrnues to attract good houses; the trasfie, comic, social, and supernatural elements of which it is composed have each their separate class of admirers. To the lovers of fun Messrs. Greville and Shute supply a rich treat, as is evidenced by the broad grins and hearty laughter they provoke. The 'nystic tie' that connects the twin brothers in spirit. and maintains a com munion of. feeling between them when far re moved exercises strange fascination upon all who have(and. who has not 1) a trace of philosophical superstition in their composition. Those who retain the old and perhaps equally well-grounded opinion that disembodied spirits occasionally hold intercourse with former friends have in theyisita* tions and visions vouchsafed (by the author and manager) to Fabian de Franchi a better notion' than-could-be conveyed in fifty lectures; ;as to, how ghosts do appearr and what was^. effected by the nearly, if not wholly obsolete, faculty; of. ' seaHKUight'1.. iThe more, matter-of-fact people may: find in the feud. and reconciliation of the factionsconsiderable. amusement while the,' pro TiabUitifls wifl no doubt be canvassed with equal' gusto .by the critical. The tale of a feud origination in a paltry contest, about a white hen, and aggra vated by retaliations until many lives were lost,; mayappear absurd in its inception and cxtrava ~gant injts'issues, but unfortunately such weakness and wickedness' exist, and. are hot confined i to Corsica. , A very short time ago the fkiglish papers contained; laudatory notice^ of the efforts of jan Irish -Archbishop who succeeded in reconciling 'two Hostile factions,,., jffhpse. . eijcb.unterfc-often 'murderous— |had long disturbed the country. Asto^ how their enmity oriRiiifttwl there, was -absolutely no evidence: but the tradition was that two men ,' onceupon a.time ''. quarrelled about the .we of a bull ; they fought and i)ne was fatally injured. ? His, friends revenged his' death. That provoked re tdliatiqn; partisans attached themselves to cither .side, until at last the faction fights of the V Two- year-olds' and the 'Three-year-olds' became a terror ','toallthe country rouud.' . ,The (social materials of the drama, which are more cosmopo litan in character, excite, of course, a more general ? interest. We have a fond and anxious mother, an. affectionate but vindictive brother who, like' Louis Napoleon, has a special destiny, Then there is an unsuccessful lover transformed into a respectful admirer and a devoted friend, and we have the indispensable roue, which completes the principal characters. The rest of the dramatis pfrsonw con-, sists of a chorus of bottleholdcrs,' tallct-giris, and men about town. The character of Chateau. Re-' naud, the roue, is so thoroughly contemptible that it requires more grace and ability than ordinary actors c;in command to make it tolerable. He is a sensualist, who retains his position in society by force of wealth and fashion ; a duellist, who, confi dent in his skill, slays without compunction an unpractised swordsman; he intrigues to screen a seducer, and contrives appearances to dev grade a woman whom ? he could not dishonour;' and he quails with fear of death when forced to meet an opponent upon equal terms. There is in all he says or does but one touch of nature, and that is strongly characteristic of French morality. He begs of his second, should he fall, as he fears he will, in the second duel, to break the matter to his mother by degrees-first, by sending word that he had fallen from his horse, and a fortnight after wards that he was dead; and with that lie on his lips he receives his quietus from the Corsican avenger. A magnificeut person,' an exquisite voice, with ease and elegance of manner, might (such is human nature) have on individuals an in fluence similar to that exercised by rank and wealth on society, and induce them to endure the villain ; but no one who understands the value of the term could consider him 'a high-bred gentleman.*' Where such personal advantages are not enjoyed by the soi-disanl Chateau Renaud, it would be as vain as it would be invidious to press compari sons between his performance and the powerful rendering of 'The Corsican Brothers' by Mr. Holloway. The drama will be repeated this evening, with the favourite farce 'The Loan of a Lover.'' The Race Ball.— The Stewards met yesterday to deal with applications for tickets, and from the number of select parties who have applied, and for whom tickets have been passed, the ball is likely to be not only a successful but a most bril liant affair. The Eight Hours' Question.— It will be seen by a notice in our advertising columns that a meeting to discuss the eight hours' question will be held in the Hotel Europe on Saturday evening next, to which the builders and employers of labour are invited. His Worship the ? Mayor of Adelaide will take the chair at half-past 6 o'clock. Accident on the Bat Ro.vD.-Oh Wednesday evening an accident occurred on the Bay-road, between the Morphett Arms and the Halfway House, to a spring-cart containing several females. From the particulars which we have obtained, it appeared that Mrs. Cooper, wife of Mr. Cooper, of the Central Ito.id Board, was dtiving, when some person rode furiously past on horse back, which frightening the horse, the cart was capsized, and its occupants thrown out We un derstand, however, that fortunately no serious consequences resulted beyond the fright occa sioned by the sudden overturning of : the cart, which proceeded to Adelaide soon after. Grocers' Assistants' Association.— The an nual meetins of the above Society was held on Monday, March 30. The Secretary read the'feport and financial statement for the past year, which after discussion were adopted. On the question of the settlement of arrears, it was decided to collect them in the usual way, but for the future the ex penses were to be paid by a collection of (id. for each member previous to the occurrence of each holiday. It was decided to hold a soiree in com memoration of the third anniversary of the Society, and a Committee was appointed to arrange the same. The Committee for the ensuing year was elected, and after a vote of thanks to the Chairman and the Host, the meeting adjourned till last evening, when the Soiree Committee's re port was discussed, and it was decided to hold the same in Hillier's Rooms, on the evening of the Queen's birthday. The necessary arrangements were left to the Committee, and the usual votes of thanks concluded the meeting. COLONIAL MANUFACTURES. — We have fre quently had occasions to refer to instances of the manufacture of articles in the 'colony requiring more than ordinary skill and care both in design and construction. We believe that there are in the colony many more skilful and intelligent workmen connected with various branches of manufactures than is generally supposed. On Tuesday we had an opportunity of inspecting a chamber organ manufactured by Mr. J. W. Wolff, of Wakefieldstreet, for Mr. E. Corlett, of the same street. The instrument contains four and a half octaves, and has two stops running quite through. It has been made to fit a recess in Mr. Corlett's parlour, with a sliditig keyboard and folding-doors, so that when closed it presents a surface flush with the projecting wall. The tone of the instrument, particularly when used with the flute-stop, is remarkably soft and sweet, forming a great contrast with the ordinary sounds of the harmonium. The whole of the pipes of both sets are of wood, the largest being an open four feet double C. The bellows are worked with treddles by the feet the same as in the harmonium. The touch is easy and even throughout the key-board. As a piece of cabinetwork, also, the instrument is an ornamental piece of furniture which is very creditable to the manufacturer. The Gas Company.— Ther operations of this Company are fast approaching completion It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that- the Directors are inviting tenders for the supply of coals. The energy with which .the works have been nushed forward is hichlv credit able to those who have the management of. the Company, and we may very shortly expect to see the city illuminated with gas. Sale of Crown LAND3.-At the fortnightly sale of Crown Land*, which takes place to-day at the Land Office, there will be submitted to com petition four special country lots, situated in the Counties of Robe and Grey, and fifty-two country sections, situated in the Counties of Grey, Kobe, Adelaide, Gawler, Stanley, and Light. The Price of Wheat at Port Wakefield.— With reference to a paragraph in our Auburn correspondent's letter, Messrs. Harrison Brothers write to us, stating that their rule is to give for wheat at Port Wakefield within 6d, per bushel of the price ruling at Port Adelaide. Bishop Coeenso.— Apropos of Bishop Colenso the following squib is in circulation :— A Bishop there was of Natal ' Who had a Zulu for a pal; Said the native, 'Look here, Aint the Pentateuch queer!'' Which converted my Lord of Natal, HobbesforMelboorne.— By the steamer Cityof Melbourne Mr. C. B. Fisher has shipped to Mel bourne the celebrated blood hone Fisherman; also three mares which were imported from England by theWestburn. St. George's Church,. Magiu.— The annual Vestry meeting was held in the above church on Easter Tuesday, April 7. ' The Rer. T. R. Neville, who had been unanimously electee to the above incumbency in the month of February last, occupied the chair when the accounts for the past year were examined, and the following officers appointed for the ensuirg year, viz. :— Dr. Penfoh and Mr. Cotterel, Churchwardens; Mr. Helmsley and Dr Tenfold. Synodsmen. Maclarex Vale Wesleyan Chapel. ? The following is from a correspondent:— 'On Sunday last, April 12, the anniversary of the Maclarcn Valo Wesleyan Chapel was held, the Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, the newjy-appointed minister to the Willunpa Circuit, officiating morn ing and evening to very attentive and crowded congregations. On Monday the tea meeting came off, the attendance at which was very enc.-iuraginj? torfce ladies who hud so kindly and liberally pro vided for the evening's entertainment Afterwards the public meeting was held, under the presidency of Mr. Pointon, of Elim, when stirring addresses were given by the Rev. Messrs. Counter and Goldsmith, Messrs. Virgo, Chamliers, Tho.i. Do«ld, Martin, and Semmons. The meeting assumed a twofold character, giving to the new minister a very kind, hearty, and cordial welcome to his new sphere of labours, and assisting to reduce the debt on the chapel. The evening passed awav very pleasantly, producing as a financial result £40 15s. in cash, and promises. £13 5s.. in all £54, which was considered very satisfactory, takinj into account the depression of the times. 