THE THEATRES. ROYAL HAYHARKBT. The Ghoat whioh appeared at this house last night is ono of the undeveloped kind. It is of , all ghosts thn loost ghostly of any whore acquaintance it has been our duty to moke. It is u Mioot with nothing of tho spectral oharac tor about if. It is just such a ghost as may bo aeon in broad day by onyoDo who looks in at tho largo windows as lio pas«C9 along Collins street. It is, as lias been described, nothing more nor less than tho reflection of an object upon a shcot of plsto glass, nnd its mode of production is so obvious us to take away any power of impressing an audience, or of pro ducing that agreeable shudder which BOmetimcs accompanies tho entrauco of 0 disembodied personage upon tho Btago. It ib truo that the uicco chosen for exhibiting this noKly- iuvented nppari ion hod not been selected with the best judgment. The " Oastlo Spcotro" ie one of thoso melodramas which nt this day aro rather to be ondurod than enjoyed. It de lighted greatly tho audiences of many yonrs ngo, and it went down immenroly with tho boys nt Richardson's show. Save as a vehirlo for exhibiting the ghost, it would, no doubt, never have beon thought of in Melbourne at this timo of day, and perhaps a litllo more caroful search would liavo resulted in tho disoovory of a piece with eomo dramatio morit capable of interesting an audionco apart from that belonging to tho supernatural element eontainocl in it. It is possible, however, that tho comparative failure of last night's spectra may be due in some measure to tho want of ooroin adjusting nnd perfeoiing the apparatus used in producing it. Tlio prinoiplo was de monstrated plainly enough, namely, that of throwing tho reflection of an object upon a plane transparent surface, so ns to give the ideu of the object muring b.'hiud it. But the menns of producing it were so apparent as to prevent all tho illusion which was intended to be croatod. The audicnco could see quito plainly that two large squares of glass were placed on caoli side of tho pillar in the centre of tho stage, and they could see also tlmt sonio process was going on behind tho pillar, so as to produco the reflected imago upon the glass. Moreover, the imago itself was too transitory. It disappeared alm.et botoro tlio eyo had timo to regard it, and it did not more as ghosts aro understood to move, but it auddenly bid itself behind a curtain on one side o( the stage, and as suddenly emerged from another on the oppoBito sido. These are fuults in tho mecha nical details of the ghost machinery, which future trials moy possibly roinedy ; but thoy aro faults, nevertheless, which at present impair tlio imprcssivcnees of tho supernatural visitant to such an extent as to render it very narmiees in tne way 01 malting tne ltesn creep or the hair Btand on end — if eror 1 110 latter phenomenon occurs, which is doubtful. Thero was a vory numerous audience ; thus practi cally attesting tho fee; that the prevailing teste of the day is for tho sensational. It will bo soon from our advertising columns that other ghosts are annouuocd, bo that the public will have an opportunity of comparing tho reapective merits of these shadowy candidates for popular favour. We can only tender the usual good wish, " that tho best ghost may win." 