fööe ejiones* ^lomtiifi ^L-r'-dï.. SATURDAY, OCTOBEH 3, 1863. IN the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. ARNOLD, in reply to Mr. SAMUEI, said that the new line of road from Molong ta YVclliug'on, marked and surveyed by Mr. Johnson, was ^delayed for want of funds, and that the propossd bridge over Kite's Swamp, at Molong, would be proceeded with as soon as the final survey was recoived. Mr, DARVALL, in reply to Mr. LUCAS, said that he had no information as to the authority under whioh O'Meally's house was burnt down, and that it was not the duty of the Attorney-General, ex qff¡ciotto instituto criminal proceedings. . ' ~ Mr. ARNOLD, in reply to Mr. DANOAR'S ques'.ion a to the reason why goods were net taken into store at the Railway Station, Redfern, aficr five o'clock, re- ferred the lion, member to the 48th bye-law. The House went into committee on the Towna' Police Rill, when the 1st clause as amended, was agreed to. Mr. ROXTON then moved that the Chairman leave tb_e cha'r, stating that the hon. member in charge of the bill had abandoned it, and that tho bill ia its present shape was in fact wholly useless. ' Mr. DRIVER opposed the motion, but it was carried on a division by 1G to 12. The Cardiff Coal Company's Incorporation Bill was read a second time, passed through committee, and i W8B repotted without amendment. The House then went into committee for tho further consideration of the Metropolitan Corporation Bill. Clauses 58 to 73 were agreed to without discussion. Clause 74 was postponed. Clause 75 was amended by omitting that portion of it which empowered the Court of Appeal against assessimnts to award costs upon vexatious appeals. Clauses 7G to 83 were agreed ti. Clause 84 was amended by limiting the right of distress to fhe goods of the person liablo to pay the rate, and limiting the time for recovery of ratea to the current half-year. Clause S5 was agreed to. ClausoB SO and f>7 were postponed. Clause SS was under discussion when attention was ca'led to the state of the House, and there being only eighteen members present, the Chairman reported the fact to the Speaker, who adjourned the House at twenty-five minutes post six TUB time has evidently come when the Govern- i nient may obtain effectual co- operation in the disturbed districts, and put down with a high hand the daring bands by which they are infested. The tone of the interior is otherwise than it | was when these men commenced their career of crime by burning properly, robbing and maltreating the Chinese, and assailing the constables in an armed insurrection. The first lesson has been taught,-we hope it will not be forgotten,-that those who encourage a favorite kind of illegality and crime will suffer most from it. The tolerated forms of crime are always the pioneers of intolerable villainies. I These men are no longer the spoilers of the | rich and the avengers of the poor with the populace,--no longer regarded as useful auxiliaries of political agitation, and an ac- ceptable supplement to the ordinary means of party ascendancy. They have become a danger to their patrons, and they muit expect the fate of a useel up and odious tilly. It is good for us, however, to keep in sight the origin of ali this mischief-good that we should remtmber by what means it was fostered and encouraged. Times will come when the same agitation, blending crime with politics, will incur similar perils. It will not be wholly lost on the colony if this season of mortifica'ion and trouble should lead the people to regard all rioters as public entmiee-if they should consider all verdicts contrary to evidence as denuding the country of legal protection - if they should look upon all who break the peace as at best the allies of thieves. Some of these men began their public career by scalping Chinese and burning their tents. They found their work applauded, and they might have claimed successfully a reward for their public services, had they not extended their labours a lillie too far. " The best reparation which can be made by those who from stolidity or lightness of mind assistedio countenance these ruffians, is to labour with vigour and promptitude to put them down. We should judge of men not by what they said and did at times of ignorance and frantic party excitement, but by what they do now. We have shown thal some of the country papers have addressed themselves to this task. They may do much by a proper resetve in reference to such events. There is a style of describing criminal exploits which tends to promote their imitation and lessens the sense of their atrocity. The miserable vanity of these criminals is gratified by the record of their rough and insolent humours. We believe in periods of excitement the Press may do much by limiting their re- pot ts to the most simple and rigid form of narrative, and by uniformly treating of these elimináis as if they were vermin that infest the seil. "v\ hen the proper sentiment slnll prevail respecting such outrages we shall see a greater el domination to denounce and suppress I them. The bulk of uneducated persons are much affected in their judgment of crime by the notoriety it obtains, and the melodramatic terms in which it is represented. In a letter a few months ago, signed " Constant Reader," several suggestions were offered to the Government to meet the distrac- tions of the times. This was in March ; we ere now in October. Without superseding the police, or giving so great a victory to tha marauders as the abolition of a system founded on an Act, these plans might yet be adopted. 1 he first was to give a right of search after stolen goods throughout the district without a warrant ; the second was' a registry of aims and a licence to carry them ; the third was an extension of the right of arrest to all cases of suspicion, of comforting and supporting, or harbouring the robbers ; the last wes a moto speedy ti ¡al at Sydney, if necessary. Seme or all of these suggestions would release from much cmbams^ment ia the pursuit and capture. But it appetra to us that we are noiv at n stage which requires other aids, and we would îccommend that the Govern- ment causo a spicml temporary force to be raised and sworn in for the disturbed districts ; that a sum of monty be given adequate to the ribk for the capture of these offcnder-i ; and that steps be taken for outlawing notorious offenders, so that lhere may be no legal ililli culties in the way of their suppression. Further, that the settlers be indemnified for all supplies they may furnish, and be by law bound to fumieh tbcm : so that these spscinl constables may have no difficulty in continuing their search or concealing their movements for any length of time that may be required. It might be also arranged that any person who will give by letter a true description of the haunts of the robbers so as to detect those who harbour them, or to lead to their capture, should have a largo gratuity, without being requited to claim it in ptrson.-or in any form that could lustlose them to the friends of the robbers. The capture of well armed and clever thieves must not be calculated upon, except by the betrayal of their concealment, so thal they may be sur piiscd in the midst of their carousals, or their sleep. '1 he young men of bathurst and Carcoar will, no doubt, 'lcspond to an offer to undertake to hunt donn these ruffians. Their courage and gallantry would shew to advantage in such a work. They would have the appliuse and good wishes of every honest man. The districts harassed by continual outrage would hail them as deliverers, and these exhibitions of spirit would be taken by the colony as an assurance of future tranquiliiy. They would, by their know- ledge of the people, their means of secret ia formation, thtir experience of the bush, possess 1 great advantages over the ordinary constables, however brave, persevering, and faithful. This service would not be long, for their presence would inspire others with emulation. The spell would be broken ; the nightmare which I now weighs on the country and which prevents information or assistance being given would pass away, and these wretches, dismayed I nilli the prospect of speedy capture, would soon feel some of those terrors they have 60 long created. I "We leam that one gentleman, whose station the} pillaged, has tuintd out in f iree to capture the robbers ,-losmred with a noble indignation nt the brutal 13ranny which they exercise, and the wanton mischief the) hate perpetrated IN both the neighbouring colonies of Victoria and bouth Australia energetic protests are ucine made against the continuance of trans- portation to anv part of Australia In the latter colon) the protest has taken the shape of an address from both Houses of Parliament In the former, Parliament is not sitting, and public opinion has expressed itself through the medium of a pabhe meeting These nrotests aie not out of place, and should ha supported The repl) of the Duke of NEWCASTLE to the resolutions agreed to at the Intercolonial Conference has recentl) been published Ia this communication his Grace states that there is ne present intention of founding an) new penal colon), and that convicts will on!) be sent to the practnail) detached colon) ol Western Australia, where the colonists are willing to recen e them If the ad\ocates of transportation, who are still prett) plertiful in the mother countr), have not abandoned their origin«1 theor), it 13 satis factor) to observe tttdt they have at an) rate modified their recommenditions lhe s)stem lins passed out of one stage, never to return to it again No one now advocates forcing con victs on colones unwilling to receive them Tho short but sharp struggle i* the Cape, and the more prolonged I ut finill) successful struggle in Lastern Australia, has settled that part of the question Larl GULP'S, idea at one time was to diffuse the convict element o-ver the whole colonial empire,but the plan was impracticable, from the resistance it evoked Since that time no one of an) mark has ventured, either in Par lnment or in the Press, to recommend a re- newal of the strife with the colonists It is ever) where adnu ttd that success would be im postible in such a strife, and that even if it wero possible, the advantages gained would be altogether lncommt neunte with the loss L\en those politicians who despise a colonial empire as an excrcccnce are averse to gene íating colonial discontent, and admit that it would he helier to keep convicts at home rather than to drive colonists to rebellion They come, however, to this conclusion the more readily, becuuse there is still one colony so low in the scale as to hold out its arui3 for convicts. Westarn Australia enables the mother country to be magnanimous to the other colonies. With this resource, the Duke of NEWCASTLE is able to assure the colonists elsewhere that no new purni colony is in | contemplation, and that to this one settlement transportation will be confined. j Judging from the comments of the English ' Press, it seems to cur countrymen at home very unreasonable that this decision is not perfectly acceptable to Australians generally. 'I hey want to get rid of their rogues, and Western Australia wants to receive thom, an.l that colony is practicdlly divided from the rest by an untraverscd solitude. Who is entitled, therefore, to complain? it is asked. The two parties *o the bargain are mutually satisfied, and it is selfish in those who are not affected by the arrangement to interfere. The English people are so anxious lo get rid cf their convicts, and so delighted lo find any colony willing to take them off their hands, that they seem disposed to resent as an injury any interference willi so convenient au arrangement, and have not patience enough to contemplate the whole question from the colonial points of view, or to listen to the unpleasant details gathered from p.ist experience, which go to show that transportation is intrinsically a vicious si stem, and can never be anything more than a temporary expedient. 1 hie is a case in which the old maxim Ccclum r.< ii nnimum mutant gut Irans mare cur runt does not hold good. For, if those who think the colonists selfish or ignorant of their own interest1, in refusing to accept convicts even in their neighbourhood, were to cross the sea and settle down in these latitudes, they would at once change their whole sentiment, and come to think and feel as we feel. They would be almost ashamed of the arguments they formerly used, and to which they_ would soon discover potent replies. The instinct of self preservation would be a perfect cure for the bad logic. Once identified personally, and through their families, with the welfare of the colony in which they had settled, and they would be as ready as any others to bar the arrival of all convict ships. If our Ergltoh readers will open a map of Australia, they will be better able tu under- stand the " selfishness" of which they accuse us. It is only to Western Australia tint con v icts are to be sent. Rut w'tnt does this " only" iniph ? rlhc recent annexation to South Aus irulla of all the territoiy norih of ita former boundary t-huts off transportation from all the area east of the 129th meridian of east longi- tude. Rut everything west of that mt-riciian is ii eluded in the term Western Australia, and that covers about one-third of the whole area of Auslraha. All this west territory is under lhe penal stigma. Without vio- lating the letter of his premise, the Üukn of "NEWCASTLE, or h's successor, can csti blUh fresh pi nal settlements at any point along the toast, extending for thousands of miles from the head of the Great Amtraluin bij-ht on the south, to the entrance of the Vic- toria River- on the north. The enormous ter- ritory subtended by this coast line ii, for the most oait, unsettled and even unexplored Rut all rfcent explorations warn us against assuming that it is barren, or that there will be any per- petual belt of unoccupied and unoccupmbte country between Western Australia and its neartst neighbour The probabilities are all the other way, and explorations are alrctdy afoot that mny demonstrate the accessibili'y of oi e colony frcm the other hy an inland route: AuMruli-1 will be one, and thtre will be an in tcimixture of population from north lo south, and from east lo west. No colony will be isolhted. It is only for a time-in the infancy of settlement-that lins phenomenon appears. The 129th meridian of longitude separates penal from non penal Australia. Eastward of ihnt line there are moro than a million of colo- nists ; westward of it there are only a few thou .sunda, gathered for the most part in the south- west corner of the continent. The handful of settlers, for the sake of a small temporary gain, tffer to the british Government the option of overrunning with convicts fhe whola of the vast area over which they unfortunately exercise a nominal jurisdiction. The million of colo- nists, possessing no authority over this ttnitojy, but deeply interested in its ce'eupation nevertheless, implore the British Government to do nothing so injurious to the future interests of Australia. Where is the " selfishness, " with the few who devote to con- tamination one-third of a continent as large as Euiope, or with the many who protest against ii ? Is there no selfishness too among the English people, who, for the sake of getting rid of a social difficulty, are not unwilling to sow tlrcwhctc lhe seeds, the fruit of which they themselves find so unpleasant, nnd who would purchase their own case by poisoning society at its fountain over a territory out of which here- after several colonies will be carved? REÍ G. II STANLKT, M A -We understand that the above-named gentleman, it ho has been minister of the Unit man Congregational Church, Macciuane streit, for the lset ten j ara, h«s given notice rf his intent on to retire from his proient charge this time next tear A saeccssor will, it n e\pcc ed, be ap- pointed in the course of ilia ensuing jeir It u un derstrod to be Mr Stanlti s intention, if ho remains in the colony, to devote himself chitfly to educational or literary pursuits ConoNEii's iMeinna -lhe City Coroner held an lnquiit yesterday at the house of Mr Alfred Biggs, YA merlei, respecting ihe death of his daughter, Eliza Mer) Bigps Í)ecesB(d tins thirtetn months old. She was regarded as a henlthy child though the had been unit eil i oni teething, and on Ihursday it tins thought she had taken cold At night Mrs Bigga took deceased itith her to chapel, returning at half past nu e o ilock About tit o o clock yesterday morning Mrs Biggs was awoke by the screams of her child, uro, alter bung placed m a warna bath, tins put to bed, bung then unconscious At six o clock Mr li LE.s went for a doctor, but scarcely had ho left the house befoic his child expired lhe medical tea'i moii) tías to tho effect that deceased died from con K itionof the brain caused by d ntition Coroner's tn ding, "Deceased died suddenly from natural CIU6CS " Accrripn TBNDBRS-Thc|following tenders have leen »cccp'ed by the Government -Mr O \V Baneon-for bushing, ballaBting, and]b inding on road furn Old JJitnnj Road to La Ptroust's Monument, Mr D M'Pher'on-for construcuon of budge over Cnbrsmattn Creik, and for a bridge oter Mourt Bunter Cieck, Messrs Jamieson and M rnson-for completing building for electric telegraph othec, Ten- terfield PRINCE OP WALES THTATHK-The celebrated Amencan comedian, Mr Joseph Jefferson, who in Ins omi cltiSB of characters lins never been surpassed by sny actor m these colonies, continues his success- ful engagement at this theatre Last S iturday at as the first light of lorn lail rs ecnsationnl drama, ' lhe licket of-Leate Man, ' n pteco which, not vuihstandiiig its rather unpromising name, appears to hate protctl very attracuve both in England and elsettlcre Tho sccnerj used in its representation at the "Prince" is excellent, and the perforai Bi co of the piece genet ally is such us serves satisfactorily to exhibit the ariulic potters of Mr jefferson in lhe delin atu n ot the principal character "lhe Ticket of Leave Man' ti as followed on the night of its brit production by the farce of "The Regular Fix," in which Mr Jefferson convulsed the audience with laughter, as Hugh de Bras« lhe same bill was presented on Mot day, luetdsy, and Wednesday last, the drama on llureday mid Tridaybung f Hotted hythe farce of " My Brother Bill " It is announced that the coined) of Our American Couiin vi ill be repeated befjre the terminsuon of Mr Jefferson s engagement. ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE.-Exhibitions of tho plenomtna of electro-biology by Professor Bushell, cpt'cal illusions by the agent of Messrs. Pepper and Dircke, and a succession of dramatic performances of no inconsidtrable merit, coivinue to aitiact play- goers every night to this favourite theatre, notwith- standing the great attractions presented elsewhere to the many who seek for amusement after the toils of the day. On Saturday last the principal dramatic peifirmance was a piece entitled "Thirty Yeats of a Gtmblei's Life," and the effective ghost scsna from "Tie Mistletoe Bough." On Monday was presented Vefcre a well filled house, the play designated " The "Will end the Way," in which Mr. William Pitt illustrated the visions incidental to the piece by his cleverly managed apparatus, the moonlight effects required being also brought out willi the celebrated lime light. The same hill was provided for the two next ib'lowing nights; and on Thursday, the drema'ic entertainment consisted of "Tne Scamps of I.ordon." A new version of Mr. Bryan's drama of " Autora Floyd" was presented on Fridny, in which spectral illusions are introduced, significantly illus- trating all the guilty hoirors of the mind of the mur- derer, Softy Hargraves, so ably impersonated by Mr. Musgrave. The unbroken succession of these singular illusions, so instantaneously reproduced, are really startling to the senses, the vivid light that plays round the spectre contrasting strangely with the pro- found dnikness of the rest of the f cenerv. The prin- cipal peifoimuiicc to-night will be "The Wizard of the Wave." It is announced that Mr. lteeve's his toiicnl tragedy of "Raymond, the Lord of Milan," is to be reproduced at tliis theatre in the couräe of a ftw days. Mrssits. POVSRARD AND DOUAY'S CONCERTS. During the past werk the lovers of the liighest quality of instrumental music have had a treat in listening to the admirable per'ormances of Messrs. Poussard and Douay. On Monday last they gave their first concert at the Masonic Hall-the programme including mor. ceaur from the works of the most classical masters, the performance of which elicited unbounded enthusiasm. On Wednesday the second concert was given with an equally successful result. Last night the totale was transfer- red to the hall of the School of Arts. Although Messrs. Poussard and Douav absorb the greater part of the attention of the audience, it is not so completely under the influence of these excellent-we may say extraordinary musicians, as to prevent a due appre- ciation of the fine tenor voice of Mr. Beaumont, who extorts applause when it aecms to have been ex- hausted on the stars of tho evening. Nature has given him a splendid voice, which he will do well to cultivate with assiduity and care. The fourth con- cert will be given this evening. 