LA W-MAKING. r„ n,t Editor of the Geelong Advertiser. t «as nreatlv amused by a let'er m baturday s Sl* -, .J*" Bellerinite" and sadly puzzled, too. I""'-er Mom SO roach amusement end unintcltigi ?V!3 :,n te found in 0110 quarter of a newspaper bibtjcan ^ Bellerinite is porfeotly serions column- nererallows a smile to displace the tiiiougUott., manuer> J shall try and meet him iron gf®** * • * --- *1— -itm ithe ^spirit; though, really, here is the diffi Smeeting him is out of the question; you i» for meeting "ira 13 out 01 uu i^ucslivmx , juu Cl"H'~irh him if you can- ln a coPy of Emerson's Esslajs that I once purchased at a book-stall, was Emerson's essays may be good If they are properly understood. * - ,»rv appositely applied to youreorre "'"'r m's letter for X defy anyone wholly to de ^Tv its meaninf. The task of commenting upon Vi 'inni " would prove a rich source of amuse i »ad instruction; but, alas! where can be found a mind deep enough to fathom his. As every one knows, it requires a second Kant to explain and render simple the transcendentalism of Kantean philosophy. 'To the first five sentences in the "-.'ropli of Bcllerinite's letter, I wonld direct ?i»tLtionof all day-school teachers, as affording tan-lid matter for parsing, and presenting a speci -' -aWime indifference to ail rules of grammar imposition Those five sentences are perfect gems in their way, and will certainly prove the means by a short cut—of immortalising their author. Bat, jn justice to him, we must say that in this r ndfeils in making bis meaning plain, he onlj (0s precisely where Gcrmania's greatest philosopher According to De Quincey, Kant labored all his life in vain to explain the scholastic idea of the word transcendental. So our " Bellerinite" labors through nearly half a column in an equally futile attempt to answer his own question—" What is law making?" But, in one sense, he is eminently suc he exactly resembles Bardolph in his at want to ar.alyjf and justify the word accommo Jiiian:—'"Accommodation, that is when a man is fistheV s.iv) accommodated; or, when a man is 'Lin" whereby be may he thought to be accoramo which is an excellent thing." 1 might very easily point out other peculiarities of manner and style in M "Bellerinite," also characteristic of niav of our greatest writers. But must content mself with one more, which 1 flatter myself wiU tl- nrlr establish his claim to an niche in the temple of fame. He has sentences—one at least—which. *itboai any exaggeration, takes up exactly sixteen Enea of space! 'This is surely enough to c*l tjaea of space! This is surely enough to call up (I won't say from where) the ghosts of Cobbett and Murray. Bat what are they compared to the ptst metaphysician, Kant, who has periods covering one whole octavo page of thirty-one lines, each line averaging forty eight letters. There sentences too, which by carpenter's measure Ijnent, ron two feet eight by six inches! To which fllastrions example, might be added that of lawyer* tad legislators; and I think I have done enough to defenJ°B'Herinite, and to show even in what may te considered defects he is not alone. Bat what egotism am I guilty of? Bellerineite need de face? Sorely the mantle of philosophers legal and metaphysical will prove ample to-afford shelter to our modem innovator. Having said so mnch upon perspicnily and style I bare a word to ssy upon the matter. AVhat Hall oacesaid of Owens*s work may very aptly be said of "Bcllerinite's" letter," It is one sea of mud." Such iitte profound depth of its muddicess, that though Dsntally on the stretch, and with every faculty con centrated upon an effort of comprehension, all is vain. two faint vanishing sights, and to get even thus there must be no relaxing of the mind. Out o this ocean of mud—the letter thrice perused— bring discovered a pretty firm footing, I can see my worse clear to a conclusion. There are it appears two principles entering into our constitution, which in " Bellerinite's" view ren der our parliament powerless, an 1' all its measures inoperative for good. The first is the gn at diversi y cf opinion, and the opposing inteiests brought , to gfiherin that unfinished structure, on the top of Brarke Street; and the second is the varions inter pretations each measure is made to bear so soon as they become law, meanings often the very reverse cf what their framors intended. These ere the two frdtsl think that he finds, and in dwelling npon iMcbhe waxes very wroth with ourrepresentatives. BfeBerioite" it seems has studied carefully the process of law-making in Victoria, and considers himself quali fy! to pass an opinion upon the laws already made, better qualified doubtless to interpret their meaning than the' learned fudges to whom . this power is de bated. What is to be said, then, of his obtuseness tot to see that what he is pleased to style the defect dour constitution, is the constitution itself! He fnas fkoltwitli oar mode of making laws, when it is tslj by this mode we can have laws enacted at all. Iim speaking now of the first so-called faulty prin tplc, And so far from this being in any sense a kfect, it is the very thing intended by representative pTeminent. Opposing interests and diversity of i, so fir from being an evil is a positive and gjctcal gcK!&f;«'It is to secure these that-we have jfafta. A constituency sends to parliament one Ttose political views coincide withits own; in whose virion) to ju ge and honesty to vote confidence can fe placed. One is supposed to represent the intcl bcce au rfthe electors, or why is he elected? And as there Kuany opposing interests, so there must be many ctfth opinions held and advocated. Legislation is fa the whole, not for a class; It'is the greatest truest of good to the greatest number. that • is sraght All wisdom does not centra in one ma, or one class of interests. There is Democracy d Conservatism, an extreme of either is an evil; fcrtthe two meeting, one checks the other, and we 3 hre the benefit of both in a limited form; that is, hire the good in each, with none of its evils, in individual is generally blinded by what lie eon' era to he his interest, his vision is contracted, and kvould carry it in spite, and at the expense of mrr'nttta* Ttiava fa ♦Vto Prnfo/»finnist find the tray'other. There is the Protectionist and the freetrader; these jarring interests and opposing tors, baring found advocates, and being brought bgether—coming into collision—What then is pro teed? Concession. Each interest is met and Krred, partially; and good to the whole is the isalt All this is surely plain enongh and old tmaah, and yet heTe is oue to whom it is all quite core!, who requires to have explained the fiist prin* !a, the very alphabet as it were, of free, repre* iffliiSre government. No doubt it is -.very dis tressing to an hon. raetnher, who, after much labor, htrodaces & little bill, to sec it, doctored by one, •ion of its strength by another, taken from and idtal to, and so mutilated, that when actually lassed, it can hardly be recognized by its originator. 3at so it is; and centuries of experience have de acflsirated the wisdom of it. ■ 1 fear I am encroaching too much ou your space, Hr Editor, but defect No 2, " Bellerinfle " has tend in our constitution really merits notice. • It be supposed that when once a measure has sa the gauntlet of both lower and tipper housv. actually past and become law, that then" all tCftr regarding it may cease. But not so; quite fkfrise. Making law is one thing, interpreting Seeming another. An act of Parliament, in the 5s*of its framers may have one, and in the eyes t au enlightened jury, quite another and wholly Cjrent meaning. And the startling conclusion W'erinite" draws from this that Parliament is tj^cSs; and our legislators may at once know that their labour is absolutely thrown away. They tcict lawp, but the richt of interpretation peof is riot given to them, bat deputed to others, aerecpoa " Bellerinite M waxes indignant, and pro ximately unintelligible. An act of Parliament, "ery one who has a taste for that kind of litem not most easy sort of reading taxes so heavily the attention of ^ , u — MV i.CU.XIjr «.4JC OlllUUWU — vh 5r t3 -l^e comP°ritions of Parliament. And ,J' ,*s H because style is overlooked, o Jpraciatod by oar legislators ? Not at at!. It is i^vui 8-ndy of framers of Acts of r»\riu\mrnt to u Jfj'e " as it is for other authors to cultivate "uhaiDentary literature, indeed, has a style of , which has both a use and a valne that every ' I hare no doubt, could explain, but would rtji niuch time and space, to explain here. And »,/, of ^is 6t?!e Is practically to render every • almostumntelligible.- Where the exceptions ; jj.j. CQtl'lary exceptions to the exceptions, the limi 'laotSrf1^ sub-limitations descend one after fits* \\. Ia vas* scale of dependencies, the mind, eorr» and bewildered, is unable to follow the _ ic technical difficulties—there is a collapse Uiuituiuw— uieic It* u 1.1/iiajisi' ^ttusgdt\5 6}7Cn UP *** despair. JT . 8fty that in the multitude of things ex nrtJi* i Counter-excepted he really ceased to iIWaa ,^e raain thiDg—what it was the h»w 3terr f WAS at disallowed Ittl those trained, to the task, t- ^.J^^lhf^complished for the process /f, and constant practice in rira. : . through an Act of Parliament tti? T4LaQ/n^^'Seiltflb3tra2t of if. I think, to prov< ® testimony of the great English statesman h luffif* V v U1 lue creax j&ngnsn; siiiie-mnn ^Bellerinhe *,aa^ nee^s no iart^!'r proof,^although fc« tt"- t Seen?s t0 djffer from Mr Piu- T" " ln^er.ent difficulties in every act of parlia tc-rJA*-n, nnl» thera almost meaningless to an £j»r#nf e*e» must ba added another, and a very "fids fteasolJ^by they should be fiven into the ^iaeot' men °f legal profession—men riip.a .I5? lav—and in whom confidence can be The'sta?6?16' t?le'r meaning. Parhauient engaged in the manu !rinw*s,*°11 5tran?er must be a perplexing cVafu camprehended cannot give wrv exalted ^cestmr, ™Pr«ienaeU cannot giv 3 ? °ur lurisprudence. It has ever the fcitbie I-*. EQe^ complete chance and haphazard, "k«i r?c '10 b liovc ll0w-from 3nch n pr<,c'6' »ha oncoafT.c,an cr,TCti Parliamentary eloquence, ^crrnnftftJ ,fon» TnaI c°nthme to flow without r,. ni^ht, and this none but an Irish Eloq^enc .Qn ext^me radical can stand, it* R sa^"aty impediment to legis ti *^le so n iSuc^ ^ pesson. how a measure* nmPA^5 i aa artic^" 1 Because there is a fur has to undergo before it is di« 'tr;-d in aV- V)10' ^t lss,,esfrorn the top of Bourke is thm l'5 i "ri^nishcd and imperfect stato, ^CtanQ )• |'inded over to the judges, who, oini .— 'igbly respected men, though having the 13 one many Winders, derica', f'3 o-i^ r i" anl crarnmoiical, in t* 'r letter. >Vo K teiriQe'i?0^!^1 £ dn* 'he inference fram this tn-. » mind hia j1*3 ,tricturc3 on BpHertnito'a utmost veneration for opinions of judges before I them, are not possessed of the slightest tinge of •respect for parliaments. The process hereisverv simple. It is as follows:—To decide as to wha'i the best law npon the subject would he, and then to prove to the public that such was the meaning of parliament. 'J'bis is how law is made, and it is the best way nnder the circumstances. If No 2 is a de feet, it is certainly a yery necessary defect; in fact tho-saving clause in onr glorions constitution. "" Uellcrinite" ought to have gone the whole hog and reviled our whole system of government. It certainly has not worked well in Victoria. We some what resemble a man who purchases a suit of clothes originally made for another—qnite indifferent to size, and of course the fit is very bad.. ButT most conclude, though I have not nearly finished. .It is the first time I ever attempted to write npon Iitw polities and government, and the result is very un satisfactory—to myself at all events. 