A MYSTERIOUS LODGER. (Frcm All the Year Hound.) Though -wo could liardly hopo to meet with a model lodger again, liko tlio Rev. Mr. Adoiphus, who had been with us cvor since wo began housekeeping, it was certainly desir nbl — so Annio and I concluded — to have a ledger of Bomo kind, eTcn if it were an inferior description of tho article; for my salary, nt that time, aa junior clerk in tho respectable' banking firm of Lnwes and Fielding was moro prospective than real ; eulficieiit, perhaps, for a bachelor of economic tastes, but sadly out of proportion with tlio needs ol a married man. . : It being decided, therefore, that a Eecond odgcr was a nocessary ovil, n card notifying that Apartments for a Single 'Gentlemen were to bo lot within, took its placo in our window ; but week nftor week passed nwny, winter faded, into spring, Bpring lost itself in 'Bummor, and still wo remained without a singlo applicant for our very genteel and commodious rooms. Tho hot days of Juno wero drawing to a closo whan, oil rennhing /home one evening from tlio office, I saw by tho.3parkle iu my wife's eye that she lind something particular to tell me, and I was scarcely sea'cd before tho news burst out. ' " Tom, dear, we have got. ti lodger at last !" " DM you say a lodger P" I cried starting up. ,' j' Another poor .'victim como to tlio net — to bo cheated, worried, bullied, and fleeced' unmercifully. What is tlio wretched indivi- duol'snamc?" "Mr. Jnmos Twoshocs." " A very ancient nnd honourable name, well known in nursery history. Dcseribo him." " There's not much about hiin to deacribo. IIo's liko any oilier commonplace gentleman who is drawing on towards middio ego, with little in his nppcaraneo to distinguish him from any ono else. Ho is about five and forty joars old, n3 near ns I can judgo. Short blnik hair, with just a tinge of grey in it; no beard or whiskers ; dressed in a newglosBy suit of black clothes; wears black gloves, much too long in tho fingers, and nn old fashioned black satin stock, fastened with a littlo penvl broooli. Ho lias a good-tempered looking face, lighted up by two quick blnck oris. Ho is deaf to a very Blight extent, and you liavo to elevnto your voice wlion sfcaking to iiiin.. IIo has a habit of carrying liis head forward n littlo, and portly 011 ono side, which give3 him tho nppcaranco of being continuully listening for something which lio is expecting every mo; mont to hear. " A description worthy of a passport. When does I10 arrive?" "About noon to-morrow. Ho sleeps at one of tlio hotels to-night. But I forgot to pay that lie will only bo n tomporary lodger, lie lias engaged tho rooms by tho week, as his stay in Marklinllow will only be a short one. Ho may want tho rooms for one month, two months, or tlirco months, lio said — -just us tho fancy takes him, nnd dependent on liow soon ho grows tired of our littlo town. . "All, well! I suppoeo a temporary lodger is better than nono. Whut references, did bo givo ?" # "Rafenwcoi !" exclaimed Annie, 111 blank dismay. "Upon my word, I was so taken up with tho idea of letting tho rooms, that I forgot nil about references." "Through which forgclfulncss," I; said, severely, "you introduco into tlio honso.o person of whom wo know absolutely nothing." " Oh ! lie's thoroughly respectable, my dear ; you may tell that at onco from hie npponruiico " "No doubt. Forgers nnd genteel pick- pockots nro generally men of very respcctnblo appearance. Their respectability is part of thoir stock in trade. This fellow, for any thing wo know to tlio contrary, may bo ono of tlio two men who broke out of a London prison t'other day, como down to this iiltls placo to hide till tho affair lias blown over." Seeing, however, that Annio wns inclined lo lspso into ' 11 " moist relcntment," I added, with my usunl good nature : " But don't distress yourself about it; it mny turn out all right you know, and I can ask him for liis references when ho comes to-morrow." Punctual to appointment Mr. Twoslioes arrived at noon tlio following day ; and I may hero say that my wife's description of him was so close nnd faithful lint I can find nothing to ndd to it. A portmanteau end a writing case formod the whole of our now lodger's luggage. " Mr. Starling, I suppose?" ho said, with a pleasant smile, nnd n hearty slinko of the hand. " I hope we shall suit ono anothe r ; at least, 1 nm Burn it shall not. bo my fault, if wo don't. Fine old city this ol yours," ho went on after wo lind introduced him into liis rooms. "I am quito in lovo willi it already. I flatter myself that I liavo always retained a dush of pootry in my composition, notwithstanding that my life has been such a hard nnd prac tical ono ; and if anything could revive that sentiment within my breast, it would lio the sight of your grand old cathedral; end I may Twoshocs, wns rambling through its aisles this morning, I felt more thnn half inclined to try my bond at a sonnet." Ho eat down as lie said this, and laughed in a hearty way that it did 0110 good to listen to. "Who could oak such a man fc r references ? From that moment I gavo up the idea as an absurdity. " Your good lady," ho wont 011, " hns, I pre- sumo, told you thnt I am only hero for a short time. My stny may bo limited to three weeks or it may extend over thrco months. Fo' my part, lam a fellow who always makcsar point of giving way to my whims. So long a' 0 place takes my fancy, there I slick, as fas as a barnacle, — till samo fine morning.a wbim pops into my brain, and then, hey, presto ! I I'm off by tho first train — whither I know, nt tlio lime, no moro than tlio man in tlio inoon Ratlior an uncomfortable, vagabond sort of existence, you probnbly think. So it is. I grant it. But what can a fellow do who90 whims arc the master of him ? Give way to tlicm of oourso ; and (lut'd jnit what I do. Well, well," ho went on, " I've seon many a more lively and populous placo than Mark- hallow that hasn't pleased me half so well. I'll take a outlet for dinnor, if you please : and any littlo pastry you may hnvo 011 hand." I saw nothing moro of Mr. Twoshocs that day, for when I reached homo in tho ovoniug ho was seated upstairs in his osrn room, as my wife told me, smoking an immonso meor- sonuum in company witli samo gin and water and a newspaper. To say thnt my wife and I wero prepossessed in favour of our now lodger is moroly to Btate tlio bare fact of tlio caso. Wo wero delighted with him, and felt Buro that ho would bear comparison willi ovon suoh a modol individual as the Rev. Mr. Adol phus. Mr. Twoslioes went out in tho oourse of tlio following forenoon; and shortly returned, - bringing with liim a canary and cago. which ho proceeded to hang up iu his room' with ovidont delight; nnd on tho bird turn ing out to bo a famous whistlor, ho had Annio and mo specially upstairs to listen to it,- and givo him our opinion as to its qualifica tions. In tlio eourso of this day, too, wo discovered that our lodger was ap.rformer on tho flute. Wo heard him tootle toatlo-ing in liis rooms in a wandering ciin'ess sort of way for smo minutes before ho settled down into any tune;, bat lie soemcd to get into tho proper groove at las1, nnd then went on with one tuno after another, from ten time till duBk. 1 cannot say that he impressed tne as being a very good player; and nil liis tunes wore of an old-fashiened, sentimental kind;. such' as had had thoir day, and gone out of vogue, a dozon years before ; indeed, to hear him at dusk, tootling feebly through his open window, you would lmvo taken him to bo somo lova- siek swain of eighteen, rathor thnn the linrd- hended practical man of tho world ho laugh ingly declared himself to bo. At tho end of a week, Annio and I were still as far ns over from being able to mnku out tho profession of Mr. Twoshocs, though wo con sidered tho quoition in nil its bearings, and garoduo weight inourdefiberationstothe varioui vaguo hints thrown out nt different times by our lodger. Wo concluded nt Inst, in luck of nil direct evidence, that wha'ever I10 might formerly have boon, lie could now ho nothing moro nor less than a gentleman living 011 liis private means. From tho first day Mr. Twoshocs had bar gained for tho use of a latchkey, with freo fie mission to como in and go out ut whntcvor lours of the day and night lie might think proper ; and he was not long before ho mndo frequent use of tho privilrgo wo had so readily conceded liim. Not unfio- quently bo would leave the house at dusk, und not return till two or three o'clock next morn ing ; at other times I10 would sot off early 'in the morning, nnd remain out the whole of tho day. "When ono of my whims lays hold of me," I10 laughingly observed to my wife on oho occasion, "and whispers to me thnt I hkd- boltcr take n ramble, then must I oboy, nnd call Shanks's ranro into immediate requisition, whatever hour of tho day or night it may bo." I confcB?, however, tlmt it gnyo mo "a turn," as my wifi. would say, when,' on reaching homo: 0110 cvoniiig, just after dusk, Ioncpuntcrcd Mr, Twoshocs on the steps, ns I10 was in tlio not of closing tho door faohind liim, habited from head to foot in tho garb of a groom. ' I could liardly believo in tho renlily of what I saw, but there lio stood, benignantly smilirg down upon me from tho height of tho stops, not disconcerted in tho least, but calmly pulling away from tho littlo black pipa between his lips. On his head ho .wore a Glengarry bonnet ; round his nock n bluo-nid-whito scarf, fastened with n horse- sh'co pin ; a waistcoat low down on the' hips ; a short cutaway coat, breeches and gaiters; decidedly "horsey." All these particutaro I could mnko out by tho light of the opposito lamp. Ho remnrkod that ono of his whims hod overtaken him, bado mo a cheerful good night, and walked off at a leisurely pace down tlio street. It was thrco o'clock next morning beforo Mr. Twoslioes returned, nnd having let himself quietly in, slolo upstairs to his bed room so gently that I10 would hardly have disturbed - a mouse. But worse was to follow. ' Mr. Twoshocs had boen with us about a month, wlien I was one day sent to R , a neighbouring town about thirteen miles away, on business for tho firm. There hoing no railway between tho two towns, I lind to hire n horse nud gig. I had finished my business nt R , and was sotting out into in tho afternoon 011 my return, when it began to rain heavily, for which reason I determined lo tako tho shortest rood homo. Tho road in ques. tion wns not a very pleasant one, running as it did through n wido tract of barren moor land, dreary and desolate in the extreme, with not more than half a dozen houses on it in a distance of as many miles. The weather, however, decided mo to adopt this route ; and I had got half way across tho moor on my return when my horse, which was but a poor innkeeper's hack, betrayed such unmistakable sigriB of distress, that I pulled lip at a roodeido inn, the only 0110 within, a distance of sovcral miles, in ordor to liavo my liorso baited before continuing my journey. Wliilo tho ostler wns busy outside, I entered tlio littlo taproom to obtain some refreshments for myself. On ono Bido of tho room Bat two or three individuals in the dress of labouring men, while opposite lo tliem, and quito, alone, sat n man on whom tho wliolo of my attention was immediately concentrated. If not Mr. Twoshoca himself, it wns liis living presentment I started beck in amazement, ns though I had seon n ghost, when my eyes first fell on him ; nnd the next moment wns about to accost him familiarly, but somo inward feeling mndo mo hosilnte just os tho words wero forming on my lips. - Tho stranger, if Btranger ho wero, gave mo ono long steady glance, nnd then resumed his porusul of a ragged country news paper. Was I right or wrong in imagining that a faint gleam of surpriso shot for n mo. mont out of his eyes, to be immediately quenched in that dull, unrecognising stnro? As far as dress went, ho certainly boro no resemblance to Mr. Twoslioes, for I10 was hubitcd in a Buit ol blue nloth with gilt but tons, nftor tlio fashion of a mate or captain in tho merchant- sorvico. lie sat in silence during tho wliolo time I wos thoro, noithor speaking to, lior being addressed by, any. of the com pany. To mnko his likeness to tho genuino Mr. Twoslioes still moro startling, ho had Hie very samo slight stoop forward with his head nnd shoulders, and tho samo intent look about Ills eyes— ns though ho wero listening to Eoino imaginary conversation — which I knew so weilt In about ten minutes the ostler announced thnt my horso was ready. As I quitted tlio room I cnBt another long inquisitive glance at tho Bcafariug.man sitting SU oilculi one! grim , but. tin urvnr looked U0 again, and I left him slill intent ovor his newspaper. When I reached homo I found that Mr. Twoshocs was out, and lind been for several hours. At whntever hour ho might return, I determined to bo on .the watch for .liim, and judgo from liis dress whether it 'wss really ho whom I had socn in the roadside inn. I sat up patiently till twelve o'clock, but a9 ho had not then returned, I put out all the lights, and stationed myself in 0 bedroom upstairs ; and after watting there tlireo mora hours, my pntienco wns rewarded by seeing Mr. Twobuocs como down tho street. Thanks to a friondly lamp opposite, I bad no difficulty in seeing how he was - dressed. It was still raining a little ; end tho first thing I perceived was thnt he carried nn umbrella ; but whon be put it down on nearing tho door, all I could make out was that I10 wore his ordinary black hat, and n waterproof capo that renohod nearly to his heels. Ho lot himsolf in with Ids latclikoy, and stolo upstairs to bed in his usual stealthy manner. These mysteriouB and suspicions proceedings 011 the part of our lodger naturally beenmo a source of much disquiet botii to Annie and myself; indeed my wife began to get quito nervous on the point, and to imagino all kinds of terrible and unlikely tilings as tho results of our harbouring suoh nn unaccountable personago in our house. Mr. Twoshoca was, however, ns I have said before, suoh a model lodger in evory otlier respect, so kind nnd considerate in every wiy, such a punctual and liberal paymaster, thnt, debate tho question os wo would, wo could by .no moms make up our minds to part with him. So we decided at last to keep our apprehensions and suspicions to ourselves, and mention them noithor to Mr. TwoBhoes nor to nny prying no'ghhour, nnd to put down everything in our lodgor's w'ayB of life for which we could not find a natural solution to the score of eccentri city— a term of very wide application indeed. Mr. Twoshocs lind boon with us about fivo weeks, when Annie's brother, Mr. -Dick Doro- ham, enmo down from London to spend his holidays with ns, for tho sake of tho fishing for which tlio neighbourhood of Msrkhallow is celebrated, Ho was in thoso doys a tall raw boned young fellow, with fair complexion, large blue eyes, cold and sceptical in expression, and a nose as Bhnrp and inquisitivo as that of a ferret ; with, to crown all, a most excellent opinion of his own acutcncss and general abilities, dashed with that slight supercilious ness of tono and manner which, especially townrdB liomely country-folk, is suoli ncommon oharaoloristio of the middie-olass Cockney. He had not boen three hours in tho houso beforo lio had warmed out of Annie everything thnt wo know, surmised, and imagined concerning Mr. Twoshoos. Hero wns a promising pie ready for nil noute young Cockney to poke his finger into! Nofisling to be done till it was disposed of to, 1ub satisfaction. Really the country was not such a dull place nftor all I He met ma that afternoon at tho hank door, nnd, linking his arm in mine, unburdened his mind as wo walked homo together. ', "Nan lias been opening her mind to ma this afternoon about your lodger, Mr. Two- shoes," ho .began. "Indeed," eaid I, dryly; "you wore im- monsely interested, no doubt." " Oh ! you may jest about it if you like, but tlio question is a serious ono. Tbore's Bomotliing bad about that fellow, you mny depend upon it; and if I wero you, I'd either report liim privately to tlio polioo or else givo liim a week's nolioo, and so get rid of him altogcthor." " Thnuk you," I replied ; but-, ns I hnvo no particular fault to find with Mr. Twoslioes I don't feel quito inclined to adopt either of your suggestions." "But consider, my dear follow; it's really not safe to linvo a man liko that in your house — who frequently stays out all night — who drosses ono day as groom, another day as n merchant seaman, and tho next as a curate or privato gcntlemnn. It arises from no mora eccentricity, you may depend on it. There's soom villnny nlloat, and it will bo well if you are not implicated in it when tho expose comes — Ob come it must, somo of tliceo fine doys." " Now, see you here, my pert young Cock ney,!' I replied ; " Mr. Twoslioes is my lodgor, aiid a man whom I rcspoct, so don't attempt to pull .him to pieces in my presence. You alwnys wero a tolernblo hand at discovering mare'e-ncBts, but please, don't try to find any in my house.' 'Whatever 'may bo tlio littlo eccentricities of Mr. Twoslioes, they nro no business of yours or miilo. That he is a very worthy gentleman, und thoroughly honest nnd upright, I nm fully convinced. My advice to you, therefore, is to go and look after the -littlo fishes, and let my estimabla lodger alone,." Dick was terribly huffed by my plain speaking, nnd did not fail to complain to my wife about it ; but what annoyed mo moro wus to find that ha lind contrived to uffeob her to somo extent witli liis own absurd fenrs, so that when wo went to bed Hint night alio would insist on having tho bedroom door locked; a precaution slio had never enred to excrciso before, Baying, in her circumlocutory, feminine way : " Thorn's 110 knowing what mny happen with such mysterious pooplo in tho house." A day 'or two after my conversation with Dick, our senior partner sent for me into tlio parlour, nnd informod me lliut ho wanted me to sot out for Franco by tlio mail that evening, on business of importance which would pro bably occupy mo nbotit a -week. Huving rccoived my instructions, I hurried home, dined, mndo my few preparations as speedily as possible, sent for my Aunt Barbara to coins and stay with Annio during my nbsonec, and then lingered ' a moment to givo n parling in junction -to my wife and Dick respecting Mr. Twoslioes. I would not go till I rccoived an ftssurnneo from both of them that matters Bhould go 011 as usual during my absence — that Mr. Twoshocs Bhould be allowed to como and go as lie might think proper, without notico or comment. Dick's promiso of neutrality wna given too rcndily to satisfy me, nnd I thought I detected a malicious twinkle in liis eye, us I shook his hand at parting, which boded no good to somebody. But there was no help for it— business called, and I must obey. My visit to France, instead of occupying n week, lasted for a fortnight; and during tho time I was away Markhaliow races took place, the great festiral of tho year at our littlo town. On tho third nnd lost day, Mr. Dick Dere ham, growing tired of tho monotony of rod and line, betook himsolf for a Jittlo variety to tlio racecourse. Tho last race was over, and Dick lind just turned his fitco homeward, nnd lighted a cigar to beguilo tlio dusty way, when ho was accosted by n fashionably dressed individual, who politely requested tho favour of a light. Having obtainod . what lio wnnted, it wns only natural, as tliey both happened to bo going the snme way, that tho si ranger oliould enter into conversation with Dick respecting tho events of tho .day. Diok wss charmed at onco with his. new acquain tance, who seemed to bo thoroughly at homo on nil matters connected with tlie turf, nnd. proved by a simple- sporting equation how, instead of losing liis littlo bet of eight half- crowns, Dick might just as easily have won ns many pounds. In ten minutes they were on tho footing of old friends ; mutually pleased with each _ other, and each doing liis best to impress the other with tlio extent and variety of liis information and tlio brilliance of liis remarks— a friendly ri- vnlry in wliioh Diok, 6elf-concoitcd as ho was, could not help feeling himself considerably distanced by his affablo friend. When tliey reached the town, nothing would suit Captnin Julius — for by that namo tho stranger hod introduced himself— hut that they must call iu nt tho first hotel and linvo a bottle of cham- pngno together. Ono bottle ' necessitated another; and by tholimo tho second was half empty, Diok had grown very talkative indeed; and ranging with a loose nnd glowing tonguo from one topic to another, found himsolf at last, almost to his own sur prise, for 'lie could, not romombni- by what pleasant but devious path I10 had renolicd tlmt point — dilating to his fashionable friend on tho whims, cccentriaitics, nnd un- imaccouiitablo vagaries of that mysterious Mr. Twoslioes. Uaptain Julius Bseuiod mightily interested in the subjoot, and cross- questioned Dick upon it in a smiling affablo way, and reverted to it again nnd again when ever Dick felt inclined to wander off in some other, mazy stroamlot of talk, till there was really nothing mora to he learnt. Having finished thoir wino tlioy left tho hotel, and strolled arm in arm through tho Btrects, now lighted up and thronged with a busy crowd, till they ranched the liouso of Dick's brother- in-law; and then, after n hearty shuko of tiie hand, and an nrraiigomcnt that Dick should call on the capinin nt his hotel at eleven tho next morning, tlioy separated. Dick, who was still in n somcwhnt elevated mood, lingered nt the door for a few minutes to finish his oigar. "While thus standing lie heard tlio Minster clock strike ten, and put his lior.d to liis pocket to draw out his watch. But thoro wob no watch left for liim to find ; liis pockot lind boen neatly and dexter ously picked of his gold repeater, value 25 guineas. Quito sober by this time, and in a very queer humour, Master Dick walked down to the polico station to give notice of his loss. How Oaptain Julius would laugh at liim in tlie morning- for being enoh a grconhorn as to allow liis pocket to bo picked! If- ho could only induco tho csptain to go fishing with him, ho would let liim soo that with a rod and lino I10 know a thing or two — that in matters pisca torial ho was not altogether a novicai But when ho reached tho hotel on tho following morning, the captain had flown, leaving a me.'sago that I10 had been telegraphed for, and obliged to depart by tho Bix a m. train ; but that ho hoped to revisit Markhaliow in the coureo of n few weekB, and would not then fail to hunt up liis friend Mr. Dereham. Dick returned homo in a poneivo mood, and spent n melancholy day in the manufacture of artificial flies. A cortoin evening, about a week later, found Dieic enjoying hiB eigar os usual on the slop outside tho door. Mr. Twoslioes was from homo on somo mysterious errand; my wife nnd her nunt wore drinking tea at a neigh bour's in tho noxt street; tho servant was supposed to bo ono to see her raotlior, but wus in reality tnking a pleasant ramble among the lanes witli licr " young man,'' so that Diok bad tho whole establishment to himself. The shadows wero creeping up tlio streets, and Dick was thinking about-turning in, whon his attention was drawn to the peculiar move ments of a Btranger 011 tho other Bido of the way. Dick liad noticod liim a miuuto or two before, staring very earnestly at tho house ; had then scon him move slowly down the street ; tlion slowly return in a sidling pur poseless sort of way ; and now for tho second time lio had planted himself directly opposite tho house, and seemed to bo taking a silent montal photograph of it. NYhilo Dick was still looking at him, and wondering what he could possibly bo about, the stranger, in a cautious mnmior, beckoned him to approach ; and on his repeating tho movement, Dick quitted tho steps and lounged across tho street, by no means pleased at receiving so. undig- nified a summons, Tho stranger was a _ burly, wbiBkerlees man, with a shifty quick-glancing eyes, nnd n mouth that seemed purposely formed for tlio imbibition of strong waters ; his voice being n hasso pro/undo, with a slight chronic wlicczo in the lowor notcB. "Your is Richard Dereham, is it not?" lie said, seizing Dick by a button ns soon ns tho latter got within arm's Iergili. "I hnvo renson to believo that it is," answered Diclc, " tut would not liko to take long odds 011 tho point." " Nono of your chaff, young gentleman, if you plcaso. All I want is a few strniglitforwurd answers from you. Attend. Is there not living in tho Bamo Iioubo with you an indivi dual who goes by tho namo of Mr. James Twoshocs ?" Diok rubbed liis noEo ; ho began fo feel in- arcstcd. " I cannot answer nny of your quoslionr," lie said, " till I know what- your otjeet is in asking them ; nnd something more about you." " If you must know, you must," said tho otlier. "My name is Jibblc. I am, in fact, Inspector Jibble, of tlio Metropolitan Detoctivo Forop, nnd I am not asking tlieso questions without a purpose in view." " Now I can answer you," said Dick. " Mr. James Twoshocs docs live in the liouso oppo site." " Good. Have you noticed anything out of the common, anything eccentric or myste rious in the conduct or habits of this Mr. Twoslioes?" " I have," replied Dick, eagerly. And without further questioning lie told ull Hint lie know, suspected, and surmised respecting tlio unlinppy Twoslioes. "Quito coincides with tho information I liavo received from head-quarters," remarked tlio inspector, pntronisingly, when Dick lind finished. " Ono or two moro questions, and I have done. Is Mr. Twoslioes iu liis rooms at tlio presont time ? " " Ho is not — lio will probably not bo homo for sovcral hours ; in fact, there's 110 one in the iiouso nt present — nnd that rominds mo that I hnvo left tlie front door open." " No 0110 in the house at present, eh ?" said tho inspector, musingly, ns lio balanced him self on liis heels, und jingled tho looso cash in liis pocket. " Now, Mr. Dereham," I'll be frank with you. I hnvo in my pocket ut tlio present moraont a warrant- for tliu apprehen sion of James Twoslioes. You may well Btuit Ho is ono of tlio cleverest nnd most thorough, raced rogues going. I liavo been on his truck for a long time, but he is sueli n slippery customer that I liavo hitherto lind nothing tangible to go upon. I linvo never been ablo to tako bim in the fact. But I l-.avo got 8omcthing certain to work on nt last, and I should liavo taken liim this morning had I not received a tolcgrnm from head-quarters request ing 1110 to wait till to-morrow. This littlo doloy will probnbly cnubio us to s.'curo tlio whole gang of forgers witli which lie is con nected, and of which lie is tlio chief, They nro all to moot nt n certain placo ut 110011 to-morrow. At present Twoslioes is out — a fact, by tho way, of which I wob per fectly aware before I eiirae to seo you ; and what I now want is to mako nil inves tigation of liis rooms boforo lie returns, for I linvo reason to believo that among his papors there is a list of names ol which I am exceedingly desirous of having n private view beforo going ou my littlo expedition to-morrowi Will yon, therefore, my good Mr. Dereham, just wait ontsido the door for n few minutes, whilo I proceed up-Btairs and do my duly ? and should Mr. T. arrive in tho mountimc, you must eontrivo to detain liim for a rainuto or two, till I hnvo time to got out of tlio way. I must really compliment you my young friend, 011 your powers of dis crimination in this matter. You wero not deceived by tlio specious pretences of this clever regno !" Tliey walked across tiie road together, nnd Diek stationed iiiinsclf ontsido Hie. door, while Jibble went about his littlo perquisition up stairs. Ho wns not nwny mora than five minutes, and Diok was still on the watch when ho eamo down. " Just as I expected," lie snid. " Most, valuable information. Must suy good-bye for tho present. Shell bo happy to tako 11 glass of wino with you when this little affair is over. In tlio meanwhile, silence — secrecy !" and with un affable wavo of tiie hand tlie burly inspoclor lumbered rapidly down tlio street, and v.-as quickly lost to view. Iu a happy frame of mind, nnd perfectly sa tisfied thnt lio had just rendered nn important service to society, Dick lighted nuot licr cigar, and still maintained his post of observation o-itsido tho door. His thoughts hud gone wandering off by degrees towards n ccrtein young lady, and lie felt himself gelling quite sentimental, a most unusual frame of mind fol ium, when, much to his surprise, ho saw tlio cheery figuro of Mr. Twoshocs bearing down on him from tho other side of tho way. " Hew innocent I10 looks— the cunning old fox!' murmured Diek to himself. " Ho littlo tliinkR bow neatly tlio trap is baited for liim. I durst wnger fire yellow bovs that lie won't look quito bo chccrlul to morrow n;dut at ti,;» timo." Itr. TworIiops wns oviflontlv in a hurry, for, without pausing, ho bade Dick n pleasant good night, and thon pnssed rapidly up stairs to his own room, wliero Diek hoard him tlio next minute striking a light. " Mr. Riohard Dereham," callod Mr. Two- bIiocs, gently over tho balustrades, n minuto or two afterwards, " will you oblige mo by step ping upstairs ?" Wondering greatly, Dick complied, tliongh not without somo hesitation. Mr. Twoshoos was slowly rubbing his chin with ono hand no Diek entered tho room. His eyebrows woro contracted, and there was n perplexed look on 1 his face, Buch as Dick had ncrer noticed be fore. "Are you aware, Mr. Dereham, Hint- during my nbsenco this afternoon my room has been rifled of various articles belonging to mc- nmong other things, of n set of gold studs, n silvor lover watch, nnd n portmonnsio containing two five-pound notes ?" " Rifled !"gasped Dick. " Really I was not aware of it !" " I don't supposo you were. But are you nwaro whether any one, not on inmate of tho house, lias lind access, either directly or in- direotly, to this room wliilo I linve been out ?" ' "As far as my knowledge goes, there has only been ono person hero beyond tlio ordinary inmates of tho house." " And who mny that ouo prrson hnvo boen ?" " Inspector Jibble, of the London police." " Inspoctor Jibble ? And what might bo tho fellow's business in my room ? " Why, to tell the truth, ho said ho had got a warrant out for your apprehension, and came up to search tho rjom for somo document or other which ho wanted." Mr. Twoslioes gave n long, low whistle. " And wlioro woro you, Mr. Dereham, during the timo this person was in my ronm ?" Ho looked very grim 09 lio asked this ques tion, nnd Diok quaked in his shoes .13 ho replied, " Outside tho door ; keeping wnl eh, in fact." "Just so; to prevent his being disturbed. Ncnt, by Jove ! uncommon ncnt 1 Perhaps it will bo as well to soo how you yourself linvo fured, Mr. Dereham. Obligo mo by taking tho light, and leading - tho way into your own room." Diok complied, in fear and trembling ; and on looking round liis room, found that n ring and n breastpin had vnnishod — tho only avail able property there. "Then you hnvo contrived to saTO your watch ?" said Mr. TwobIiocs. In sorrow and humiliation, Dick related the story of his mec-ting with Captain Julius, and how ho lind taken moro wino than wn3 good for him, and had had his pocket picked as lio oamo homo through tho crowd. " And servo you right, too ! " was tlio com ment of Mr. Twoslioes. "Hero eoines Mrs. Sterling. It will bo as well to inquire whathcr bIio has lost anything." Search was mado downstairs, whioli romltcd in tho discovery that our few eilvor epoons und forks had been tnken; as also, sorrow of Eotrowal— the silvor teapot, my rich uncle' b wedding gift. "A tolerably clean sweep," roinaiked Mr. Twoshocs, whon tlio search was ended ; " and — I say it again -nn uncommon neat stroke of business ! As for you, sir," turning to tlio disconcerted Dick, "iiko the man in the play, you mny n-k your friends to write you down an ass. You liavo beon most transparently duped, and if you had been tho sole sufferer, it would only hnvo taught you n useful lesson. Your particular friend, Cuplain Julius, was without doubt a member of the swell mob ; bo it was who took yGur watnh ; slid the impu dent rascal who enmo hero to night was pro bably instructed by liim, nnd will hand over to him a fair share of tho plunder." "I seo it all now! What n fool I have been !" groaned poor Dick. "But you, sir," turning on Mr. Twcshors" — " Imcl it not been for your mysterious goings on — had you only uetcd like nny other rcoeonablo uinu — this would never hnvo happened." " So long ns iny good friends, Mr. and Mrs. Starling, aro satisfied with tlicir lodger, I dp not recognise your right to interfere in my concerns. As, however, my business in this neighbourhood will bo over in n few days, I will nt onco give Mrs. Sinrling that cxplanniion which, under tlio airciimstdiiees, bIio has a right to expect ; nnd which you, Mr.Derchnin, nro nt liberty to listen to, if you think well to do so. Know, therefore, all persons whom it mny concern, that I, James Twoshocs (though whether that is my, real namo or not docs not in tlio least matter), am a member of tho Metropolitan Detective Forco — not n sham officer like your friend .Tibblo, Mr. Dereham ; that I enmo down herb to hunt out' a certain nest of forgers, whoso handiwork wo had (raced to this part of tho country, without being exactly able to lav our fiagcra on tlie rogues themselves ; (bar, as a natural consequence, a certain amount of secrecy and mystery wero essential to my plan I am happy to Buy, hns proved complete-' suc cessful. And now, Mr. Derohnm, yon. nnd I had bolter step down to tho polico sta'ion, and furnish tho details of tlio robbery. Perhaps »e may. succeed in tracing tlio rascals. .Any how, wo liavo beon charmingly sold." Mr. Twoshocs had quito recovered his good humour by. breakfast tuno next rooming, nnd could afford to laugli ns heartily cs anyone at h:s mislmp ; but Dick wns nowhere to be found. Ho had, in fact, risen with tho lark, and s.t out for London by tbe first train, and. from that day to thia wo linvo never eecn liis feco in Mnrkhallow. Of Captnin Julius and his confederate, it is only necessary to say that tlioy wero captured somo three months Inter, in consequence of u second robbery iu which tliey again acted as partners; and Hint they finn ly met witli tho reward which their peculiar talents merited to Well. T. S. — Once- a Weelc Cracow. — It was a marvel to mo where on many idlo people enmo from. Nobody seemed to hnvo nny particular purposo in life. Even I lie cntranco to the Grand hotel do Russia was thronged with idlers and beggars lying out- oiretchcd on tho wooden benches or reclining drowsily against tho stono steps. At every point nnd (urn there were groups of hard favoured peasants prizing into tho shop windows ; soldiers walked idly about Smoking tlicir cigars ; officers amused them selves dragging their sworda along the pave ments ; old carriages, bearing tho remnants oi nobility, rumbled dismally to and fro with their armorial mockeries ; students, roues, and shabby genteel adventurers of ull sorts, sauntered about tho cafes ; palo women, of questionable appearance glided stealthily along tlie by-ways- Wherever I looked lliero was something to bo seon characteristic of a fallen nnd degraded peoplo. It may well l-o sup posed that I received 110 very pleasant im pressions of Austrian rule. What future cun thoro bo for these Poles? was a qucs ion thnft repeatedly presented itself to my mind. No le»B thnn 600 spies, as I was credibly informed, are stationed by tlio Austrian Government in tho city of Cracow alone. These men nrn dressed iu citizens' clothes, and aro supposed to bo engaged in various industrial occupa tions. Tliey ininglo freely with all classes. of tho people, and their busineEB is to keep an cy.i upon every person within tlio limits of the city — including, of course, strangers. Tliey penetrate into Hio customary haunts of the Poles in various dieguiscs ; listen to every casual conversation ; follow up nil auspicious persons ; visit tho hotels, restaurants, and cafes, und tako note of tho occupation of overy stranger nnd customer; in short, tliey aro ubiquitous. Walls lmvo cars, it is said, but in Cracow tlio very air listens. Of course, win re such a system of cspionugo prevails, thoro can bo no such thing ns justice. Corrup tion in public places, malicious persecution, cruelty, and arbitrary dealing aro tho iucritnbb consequences. — Poland, Overground and Un derground. Shocking Senna at a Bui.i.i'ight. — During u recent bullfight at Saragossa, a bull received tho fatal blow from a toreador named Gil, but at tho same moment lie leased I ho unhappy mnn into the air, and rcceired him upon his Horns, 'which entered deep into Hie hmly. nnd throw liim I o il.o crounrl senselceS, nnd thon fell dead by tho side of his victim. The next bull wns so vicious that tho toreadors beenmo nqrvous, and tho president wished to hnvo its logs out with tho demi-luno. This Perez, a toreador, deslinod to ullow. Tho bull throw itself upon him; in vain ho oust at it tlio muletta in red -cloth; the bull paid no attention to it and felintrn-i liim, but. ho seized tho bar ing over it threw liis sword nt It struck tlio beast in the face futulity rebounded and per ot tlio poor toreador, cultr Tlio blood ran in torrents f Tlio unhappy man wns r demi lime was thon omp' of tlio benst were cut ; stumps it appeared s, dared approach it. T-1 brought, and ono of j Tho beast fell to tho o tho dagger finished h J public woro hot sa' rest of tho Bport, j obliged to givo the/ bitten. Tlie tores! have to undergo nj . A Tapping King.— As a hcrotib, Tien- wnng is tlie most incorrigible self-willed one I ever heard of. Ho has been talked to, written to, memorialized, and addressed iu nil eiiupes and forms about the truths of Christianity, and ho remains moro stubborn than over. Doses of orthodoxy have been csrefullv administered to liim by foreign missionaries, but liavo not noted as was cxpocted. Littlo doxologies nnd prayers linvo been furtively hurled nt hint, and lio hns swallowod them nil. Dozens of bibles have been presented to liim without doing much good, although I believe ho roads tlu-m. Tho opinions of tlio Futliors nud of Councils liavo bson sent hint, and ho has Icnrnt n lesson so pat tlmt lio will overwhelm tho next clerical gentleman who ciit-r3 tho lists with hiin with tlio opinions of Cyril, Auguitine, nnd tho other ancient Fathers. Ho is most baflling in his argumonte. Tlio Popo would hnvo lind liim burnt long ago Olio day lie yields a point, nnd then says liis instructor, is wrong. Ho finds new transla tions of tlicBiblo.and nono of our comment'.tors would meot with liis approval. Ho would spoil your best edition of Scott by scribbling his celestial opinions in red inic down tlio margin thereof. Wlien everything else fai'e, lio will tell you that lio has been to heaven nnd you liavo not, and so " shuts you up." Then he takes theological lite, and tells liis peoplo all kinds o£ curious tilings. Tho other day he ordered lit3 chiefs to tnko unto themselves moro wives against liis next birthday. "Adam was right in tlie beginning to tako ono wife," says he, " but I kucw better now, nnd tell you to tako ten." Ho is equal to the Son according to liis older documents, but more recently ho always makes tho Father, Son, Himself, ond the Young Lord, all equal. Ho has dismissed Hie Third Person of tho Trinity, after vuinly endeavour ing to incarnate it in tho person of Tung Wang, the most bloodthirsty of nil tho kings. — Jure Months on lite Jang-Kze. 