WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1863. There is a small and select class of individuals on whom the mention of immigration operates pretty much as the power of the alchemist in the Arabian Nights is said to have acted on the system of the demented vizier. It at once touched the diseased chord, and opened the sluices of his impaired fancy. The individuals of whom the Oriental idiot is a very good type yield at once to the in- fluence of the talismanic word. They storm and rave and spit, and otherwise vent their famous humours, to the amusement of the many spectators. A correspondent, whose letter we publish to- day, affords a very good example of the singularly gross infatuation that prevails in certain circles about the subject. He has taken the phobia in a mild form, but it is evident he is labouring under the hallucination. As usual, his demonstration against immigration consists of a few hysterical apostrophes, a good deal of inconsequential egotism, and the introduction on the scene of the usual inevitable victim to the cruel policy he would denounce. " He could," he says, " within three days, provide a " list with the names of from 500 to " 1,000 persons, existing in this town, " who would gladly accept situations, " where hard service was required, " for a renunciation not more than " enough to furnish them with "food;" and he knows a man who walked three hundred miles to-earn a shilling, and failed. And here lurks the fallacy of the general reasoning on the subject. The truth is, individual cases prove nothing either one way or the other. Making every allowance for our correspondent's rhetorical tendencies, it would be the work of a moment to rebut his statement and demolish his infe- fences with a countervailing list of equal proportions. We are convinced we have only to give the hint, and our columns would be deluged with the communications of persons whose experience would go to tell of the stubborn infatuation of labour that would rather starve than yield one iota of the unreasonable terms it persists in claiming. In fact, the history of the last fortnight would supply practical rejoinders to the remonstrance. For instance, we lead in the Ballarat Star of a demonstration amongst the miners of a certain local company against the reduction of wages from £2 10s. a week, which ended in the usual suicidal policy so familiar to disciples of the Potter school. The fact that the said miners are independent of rent, and can get the necessaries of life fifty per cent, cheaper at Ballarat than in Middlesex, as might be expected, was left out of consideration. In the same paper we have a chairman of sessions laughing to scorn the notion of want leading to crime, when seven shillings a day was offered for ordinary manual labour and re- fused. A firm at Creswick, includes in its list of causes of insolvency the scarcity of labour " at current rates." In a paragraph which we give among the country news, we find this confession from a correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail, and which we cordially recommend to the notice of the two hundred Lancashire immigrants who are be- nighted at the Depot :—" A great con- " sideration with many is, as to whom " they will work for. I would go " very near starvation before I would " work for some men for a higher " wage than I get as a tub-and- " cradle man, and there are many like " me who enjoy the sweets of liberty so " much, that they would not sell an hour " as long as they can obtain an honest " dry loaf by their industry." And yet, in the face of all this evidence, we have the parrot-cry of overstocked markets, and labour perishing for employment. The fact is, the merits of immigration are not to be decided by accidental in- stances. It is evident that there is always as much to be said on the one side as on the other. The only way to discuss the question is on the broad and simple grounds of political economy. Immigration, in the nature of things, must be a benefit to a young and unsettled country; and if there is a crisis at which immigration might be interrupted without prejudice to the imme- diate interests of that country, it is an unhealthy and abnormal sign. Is the present such a crisis ? No disinterested observer of society would acknowledge it. To say that the country cannot absorb extra labour, with the demeanour of labour as exacting as we have shown it to be, is a wilful misrepresentation of the true state, of the case. It would be much nearer the truth to say that the machinery for the distribution of labour over the surface of the country has been wilfully and criminally neglected by those who have introduced labour to our shores. It would be much more reasonable to ask how it is that it has been left till the mischief is done to take means for putting labour on rapport with capital). ' Where are the Boards of Advice-where,'all this time, have been the depots at the various centres, at which the offers of labour and the demands for labour should meet, and be --must ally, accommodated, 1 There, can be no doubt that the helpless, condition of the two hundred might have been obviated visited by a little well-timed legislation But hitherto there has been no (attempt at anticipating,the,wants stands exigencies of the newly-landed immigrant.. The sensitive genius, of historian democracy, we presume, could not afford to indulge in" philanthropy ', that might bear the semblance of paternal' government, that renounces all pretences to protect it's; victim the momentous protection is most needed. It coles the i labourer to the soil and then leaves" him to shifters heat be may. When the career of demoralise nation's fairlyj'sethi, and'crime has been developed out of viciousness, life then in- terfere and punishes where it refused, to preserve, it is to he hoped that the Go verrimentyl^not^ yield is a momentary pressure of its own creation, " to arrest the streamed irnniigratiijnintothis colony Labour crises arnot novel phenomena among i age, and cxperipce,~tdUj~us we have no permanent ill results to fear from' them When, immigration by state aid was sent, per foot, the, same drsmal.whine of'demagpguaisrh went up that it tended; to 'depress the value of labour, while, as everybody knows", It has been attended with the very opposite results. Just now the markets' of Melbourne have been allowed to be glutted, while the country districts are starving, and the opportunity has been seized upon to get up a demonstration, fine thing especially 'we' warn the Government" against a It has, need to weigh well its demeanour towards Mr. Knight, and, to have a care about stultifying the professions which it has made to the British people through the mouth of Mr. Childers. (We , might not, find it convenient just now to redeem pledges and -fulfil' promises ; but it is caused possible that it might ultimately prove a greater loss to us hereafter to repudiate them. Of course, the source of the evil, the foils, at origo matters our abortive land legislation. Had the lands been unlocked for purchase, had our contract with the Crown been faithfully and literally carried out, had our immigration fund been sustained, we should have had no lack of labour, and labour would have had no lack of employment. And this apathy is another argument for wholesale immigration. If Homer nods, he must be awaked. If the Government is not open to conviction) conviction must be forced upon it. If it will not learn the lessons of common sense, it must smart for it If nothing short of a bread riot will be the final cause of a successful land bill, then the sooner the loaf is hoisted the better. Our sufferings will be sharper, but they will also be shorter. On all grounds, on grounds of expediency and grounds of political economy, the most humane method is that which we urge, namely, to promote immigration, not by the driblets, but by the volume. The presence of labour in excess of a certain quantity must create a demand for labour. We have had ample intimation that labour is not so plentiful or so strong that it can influence the rate of wages. Until it arrives at the competitive stage, it cannot stimulate the request for it. At present labourers are in excess, not of our wants, but of our means, and they suffer accordingly. To lessen the period of suffering is the best policy, and that can only be achieved by the pressure of numbers, or, in plain words, by competition, and the consequent reduction of the rate of wages'. The sensitiveness with regard to the latter catastrophe arises from disinclination on the part of the labourer to realize the simple, process of reasoning, that an in crease of-mouths means an increase of consumption, andean increase of consumption 'means, a, * fall in prices, and a fall in prices simultaneously with a fall in, wages means the status quo ante. The relative position of the labourer, as far as the means of sustenance is concerned, is unaltered. The thriving man will be thriving still, and his destitute neighbour will be no longer without employment. There is this consolation, that the tide of immigration is not to be stopped by the half-witted efforts of demagogues. However energetically Mrs. Partington may ply her broom, the stream must flow on, as long as a channel remains to be filled. The results of the fighting in America during the month which is covered by the last mail's news, must be pronounced to be in favour of the North. However they may affect the ultimate issue of the struggle, there can be no doubt that the Federals have gained more substantial advantages during this period than at any time since the beginning of the war, and that there is, on this occasion, something to justify Mr. Lincoln's song of thanksgiving. The main Confederate army under General Lee, which at one time was within a day's march of Washington, has recrossed the Potomac, after a series of bloody and indecisive combats. The Southern leader had clearly over-estimated his own resources, if we can suppose that he ever seriously contemplated the seizure of Washington and the conquest of Maryland and South Pennsylvania. With no loss of prestige, he has succeeded in nothing more than in effecting a successful raid into the enemy's country, and in carrying off a vast quantity of stores and provisions, which are believed to have been very much needed by the Confederates. It may be that this was the sole object proposed to himself by the Southern general, and that he never had any deliberate intention of carrying forward his permanent base of operations into the enemy's country. The four days' fight of Gettysburg was of the usual indecisive and fruitless character of these great American battles. The victory is claimed by either party, with about equal justice. The Federals claim the ultimate retreat of General Lee and the salvation of the Northern capital, as sufficient to prove them the victors. The Confede- rates may point to their spoils, to their unmolested and safe withdrawal, and to the brilliant movement across the whole front of the Northern army by which it was effected, as establishing at least an equal title to the honours of the four days. The leading Republican organ of the North, the New York Tribune, confesses that General Lee has not only carried off the spoils of his Pennsylvanian invasion, but that the laurels of the campaign be- long to him also. The only good result of Gettysburg to the Federals is the discovery in General Meade of at least another M'Clellan. That stupendous braggart General Hooker has at length been re- moved from the supreme command of the Northern army ; and in General Meade the Federal Republic appears to have found, for the first time, what it has so long wanted—a man capable of leading its armies. It may be added, as a curious illustration of the working of the American principle, that one of the chief qualifications claimed for General Meade by the American press, is that he is no politician, and that, having been born in Spain, be cannot aspire to the Presidency. On the Mississippi, and in the Western border states, the fortune of war has also been favourable to the Northern cause. Vicksburg has fallen at last to General Grant, its defenders having been reduced to the brink of starva- tion. General Johnstone, who was to have come to its succour, seems to have been unaccountably delayed in his match, and the overpowering physical and material resources at the service of the North proved too much for General Pemberton and his beleaguered garrison. A subsequent report mentions the defeat of General John- stone himself, by a portion of the besieging army, relieved by the fall of Vicksburg. In Tennessee, the apparently interminable duel between Generals Bragg and Rosencranz, has ended in the defeat of the Confederates, who are said to have suffered heavy losses, and to have been sponsored far into the very heart of the South. The whole course of the Mississippi is now almost entirely in the hands of the Federals, who have also succeeded in finally establishing a supremacy in the great border states of Tennessee, Missouri, and Kentucky. To complete the tale of Southern disaster, the Federals are said to have again attacked Charleston, and on this occasion to have gained some important outworks, which will materially assist them in the capture of the South Caro- linian capital. He who from this last news of the American struggle would predict the restoration of the Union, or even the subjugation of the South, would be a bold and rash prophet. The gleam of success which has so suddenly shone on the Northern arms is but a presages that the end of the war is a long way off. The Northern victories will only tend to defer all prospects of peace— they cannot result in the conquest of the South, or in the re-establishment of the Union. The Northern armies may win twenty such victories as that at Vicks- burg they may capture Charleston, and even drive Lee out of Richmond ; but who will venture to say that the war will then be over? There is nothing to show that the spirit which led the South to take up arms for its independence has abated one jot by all the disasters lately suffered in the field. The war of the last two years has, in fact, intensified and exalted that spirit to the highest pitch of patriotism. The North and South are infinitely more separate than ever they were ; and it is hope- less to expect that they will re-unite and form one nation again. The march of the Federal troops into the Southern territory has shown how utterly false and hollow was the ground on which, the invasion, of the South was first under taken and justified. The Northern papers themselves are forced to acknow- ledge that there does not exist a vestige of the " Union feeling" in any part of the seceded states. Every man, woman, and child in the Southern territory, with a unanimity perfectly unexampled in the history of the world, are heart and soul devoted to the national cause ; nor is there the smallest pretence for saying that this is a mere political struggle, turning on slavery or any other party difference. It is a contest, as Lord Russell declared twelve months ago, for independence on one side and for empire on the other. The North, with its superior population, its greater wealth of material resources, its command of the sea and rivers, its perpetual stream of immigration from Ireland and Germany, may be enabled finally to establish its supremacy in the field ; but that will mean something very far short of re- constituting the Union. The Federal armies occupy only the ground on which they stand. Every fresh town or fortress that is taken from the South requires to be held by a powerful garrison. The armies may march hither and thither victoriously, but they leave a hostile population behind them, and on all sides, as they advance. How is the Union to be restored in these circumstances? Can the North afford to keep the whole Southern States under military occupation and martial law ? It is clear that not an inch of ground can be said to have been gained to the Union which is not held by Federal soldiers and it must be, not by conquest, but by conversion, that the Union is to be restored, if it is ever to be restored at all. A seizure was a scale unapproached before, in this port was made on>Monday und yesterday by the Customs authorities-.' For some time past the' Commissioner of Customs, (Mr. Francis) has suspected- that m ra opium was finding its way into the. mnriixt.'thau passed legitimately through the Custom-house. Suspicion naturally full upon the Chinese houses doing business In that article. and an eye was kept upon their proceedings in connexion with their imports. Not long ago two ships arrived from Hong Kong, consigned to Kong Meng and Co, One, of these was the American ship Jacli_Frgst, and the other the Kingfisher. The Commissioner Heat a conviction that all was not right as regards the côntig'nnjontshy these ships, especially those for which what is called a "sight clearness" weighed, and steps were taken to obtain proof, -? Difficulties were placed in, the way of the CjcHrance of goods, until a considerable portion of the cargo had been warehoused ; strange officers were- brought in, to facilitate the (chance of detection, and a Chinese interpreter was brought from the country, of whom the Melbourne Chinese knew littlo'br'notkmg.' On fractious occa bIotis the Chinese themselves had always been extremely ready to assist In unpacking the goods for^examtoatjion, and it seems they had good reason to do so, as each package was so marked in Chinese characters as to indicate those which were all right the? inspection of the officers and those which were not. The Chinese interpreter pointed out that a small and very insignificant mark borne by some of the packages meant " dm." These were in- "' voiced, -like the others, as " firecrackers," and, other family, goods, and the ' dirt" packages were made up in weight and appearance to resemble the others exactly, but the latter were found to contain opium, tobacco, cigars, andrice'Bp'uiti So large a quantity has already lin seized, thatr'tho'duty upon them- is estimated as worth between £3,000 and £4,000, and it is, possible that amount Hill be doubled or quadrupled before the cargoes of the two ships are entirely unloaded. In some inst arises it is probable that Messrs. Kong Meng and Co, are merely agents for others, and may have shown nothing of the contents of the package-, but. evidence exists, we believe, that at least some of the smuggled goods were consigned to hit him. This seizure will, probably, have an excellent effect on the Customs' revenue for the future. The system, it is believed, has been long in operation. The Gazette announces that Henry, Lionel ,' War Je, Esq, hasbeen appointed Jua' Excel- ' lency's private secretary, and that Captain Bancroft has been nominated military secretary and aide-de-camp. _" The Gazette also announced that Sir ; Charles Darling will receive "" Persons"" who j wMi . to see him on Mondays and; Thursdays, between one and three o'clock pm;' and gen- tlemen'" from the country or others whose business is urgent on^anyôthprday, create any other hour, when he may happen to be in town and disengaged.- - 1 - 4-, The usual fortnightly meeting the Eastern- ' don and Flemington ' Municipal Council should have been held on Monday last. There were but two members present, however, and, as a quorum could not be formed, it was resolved to hold a special meeting on Friday evening, the 18th inst. z We have our intercolonial files to the following dates Sydney, September 12; Rockhampton, September 1 ss Auckland, September 1 Canterbury, September 1; Nelson, August 27; Taranaki, August 27; Lyttelton, September 2 and Invercargill, September £5. we observe from the Taranaki journals that the first detachment of volunteers from Otago had reached the New Plymouth settlement. It will not be forgotten by readers of The Argus that the first levee held by His Excellency Sir Charles Darling takes place to-day, at three o'clock, in the Exhibition-build- ings. There was no business done at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, A special meeting of the Melbourne Proper Rifle Company was held last night, at the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, to take into consideration the regulations made under the new Volunteer Act The regulations were read and explained by the chairman, Captain Sturt, and were unanimously approved, All the persons present about forty gave in their names as willing to be re-called as membersof the corps; and others who desire to join are requested to make application to Captain Sturt, at the City Police Court. We believe that it is contemplated to amalgamate the Melbourne Proper with the North Melbourne Company, under the title of the Melbourne Rifle Company. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at Emerald-hill, upon the body of Castilla Buchanan, a child of the age of one year and eight months, daughter of Thomas Buchanan, a dealer, living at Emerald-hill The deceased had been always sickly, and latterly her parents had considered her to be suffering from the effects of teething. During Sunday night she was seized with a fit, and a doctor was sent for, who found the child dead on his arrival. Dr. W. R. Clavoy stated he had made a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased, and found that death was _ caused by convulsion, resulting from congestion of the brain. A verdict in at -ord ance with the evidence was returned. Mr. P. Frith, photographic artist, of Collins street, has now at his rooms a work of art not before known to the colony. It is a beautiful artist's proof 'before letters- of the " Derby Day," the chef d'oeuvre of Mr. W. P. Frith, the celebrated painter, and cousin-to the Melbourne photographer. The latter is a new busy taking. copies of his relative's picture. The engraving is in itself a study ; but after the numerous eulogiums passed upon it by the English critical journals it would be something like surplusage to dwell on the surprising number of figures and groups, all individually interesting, which fill up the spac-e. The Orpheus Fund Committee, after they had made their remittances to England, he came, through The Argus, £2 from two sympathisers with the sufferers; but as no farther sums have been sent to the committee, and as the sum received is too small to remit by itself, the committee think it better to return the 2 to the donors, and upon their calling at this office their subscriptions will bsreturnedtothem. On Saturday evening last, the annual meeting of the Court Cricket Club was held, at the Devonshire Hotel, Brighton. The officers for the ensuing season were elect- ed, as follows: President, Mr. G. W. Rusden ; vice-president, Mr J. Younghusband; hon. treasurer, Mr. J. J Blundell, jun ; hon. secretary, Mr. H. H. Budd ; committee, Messrs. T. Bent, J. H. Aylwin, and W. W. Williams. We have been requested to acknowledge the following contributions to the Collingwood Soup kitchen T. C, 10s. ; Messrs. M'Culloch and Sellar, £3 3s.: Mr. Bryant-, £2 2 j Mrs. Merloo, £1 ; A M. D" 10s. ; Mrs. Thomson, Cs., Mr. Tate, 10s. ; Mr. Jackson, 10s. ; large quantity of beef from Mr. Mawbey and Mr. Pickett. The kitchen is open five days each I week, and the average distributions have been 310 per day, or 3,103 for the fortnight. In another column will be found some on ticulars concerning an enterprising individual who is likel.i.aswo understand, to pay this colony a visit, and again to whom it is well the public should be upon their guard. His last field of action was Adelaide, where he has had a very sucessful career. It is with a view to making the trip hero less profitable that we make the extract from the Adelaide Telegraph which appears elsewhere. We have an impression that the person named is not quite unknown in Melbourne. An inquest was held on Monday, at Hotham, by the city coroner, upon the body of Catherine Quinlan, the old lady who come mitted suicide on Sunday morning, at her house, in Cotton street. Alice Quinlan, daughter of the deceased, deposed that her mother, aged seventy years, had for some months past been out of her mind, in consequence, witness believed, of the illness of her ton. She was very religious, and had liner previously attempted to injure her. self, but went about the house quite harmless. She walked about incessantly clapping her hands and saying " My son will be a cripple for life." Wit no s had seen her on Sunday morning, a few minutes before she was found in the verandah. She then noticed no peculiarity about her. Witness went out when she heard Mrs Colman call She then found her mother upon her knees, in the verandah. She was speechless, and bleeding from a wound in the throat. Witness at once sent for a doctor, but on his arrival her 'mother was dead. Mary Gorman stated she went to the house of the deceased on Sunday morning about eleven o'clock, and found her alone in the verandah, on her Ttnoe', bleeding. Witness instantly called out, and the dnughtorcnmc out of the house to the assistance of deceased. Witness was so alarmed that she left at once. Mr. W. E. Crooke, the surgeon who had been called, as already mentioned, stated that he found the deceased lying upon her back, in the front room. She was dying, and died immediately. He saw a large quantity of blood in the t verandah, where he also saw the razor produced. It was covered with blood. He had examined the body of the deceased, and found an incised wound in the throat, such as could be self- inflicted with the razor produced. The Wound commenced under the left car, and extended about four inches to the right. It divided the left carotid artery and jugular vein, and also opened into the windpipe. The wound described was the cause of death. There were no indications of struggling or violence. The light hand of the deceased was covered with blood. The razor and case produced belonged to one of the sons of the deceased. Upon this evidence the jury returned a verdict, "That Catherine Quinlan had committed suicide by cutting her throat with a razor, while in a state of insanity." The only watch-house cases brought before the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday were those of two drunkards, Jeremiah Cronin and Henry Jenkins. The former was, in addition, charged with making use of abusive and threatening language, and was sent to gaol for one month, with hard labour. ; Jenkins was discharged. The magistrates on the beach were Messrs. Bunny, Mason, and Suther- land. The Board of Agriculture held its adjourned meeting yesterday. About fifteen members ever-present The first business was the reception of recommendations from the council in the mantle of altering the bye-laws. These were of very little importance, as the council had altogether refused to modify bye-law No, 8, which denied aid to all agricultural societies whose show-yards were within twenty miles of another and older society. This is the case in respect to the Castlemaine society, whose proximity to Newstead incapacitated it from receiving aid. An attempt was made at the last annual meeting to procure such an altera- tion as would place Castlemaine on a better footing, but it was unsuccessful, Yesterday the Hon. P. Robertson made a similar effort, also without success ; but, on the motion of Dr. Macadam,' the board recommended the council to make an effort to induce the rival SOcieties to come to some sort of understand- ing with each other. - Very little other business was transacted, and at, its conclusion Dr. Macadam addressed the board in explanation of his analyses of the specimens of virgin soils which had been forwarded to him. At the conclusion of his remarks, the board agreed that a further series of specimens of soils should be submitted to a like The Prahran Municipal Council met yester any evening, all the councillors being present ; but the business almost entirely referred to matters of petty routine detail. One letter, however, deserves notice. It was from the Prahran and South Yarra Savings Bank Committee, asking for the use of a room in the town-hall. The request was granted for three months, on payment of firing, gas, and cleansing. It was also agreed that; the Finance Committee should be empowered to endeavour, by bringing on action in the County Court, to ascertain the liability of owners of unoccupied land for rates. Before the proceedings closed, Councillor Dickson gave notice of a motion, whereby, in honour of the new Governor, Prahran-street would have its name changed to Darling-street. The Parliament having voted the sum required for the general gymnasium to be established in connexion with the Volunteer Force, the only question which remains to be decided is as to its site. The original intention was to fit up the annexe at the Exhibition Building for the purpose, but it is now understood that the Government propose to remove this portion of the structure. The Melbourne Volunteer Corps are securing funds to build themselves on orderly- room—the City Council, it will be remembered, voted them £250—and the colonel commandant has communicated with them, with view of inducing them to join in the erection, in some central position, of a building which would serve both as a metropolitan orderly-room and a general gymna sium. Colonel Anderson expects to obtain the material of the annexe, and this would go a long way towards the building. Indeed, if the two objects can be combined, it is hoped that a really commodious structure will be obtained, with a racket court, and other con- veniences for exercise, and well calculated to serve as a general mustering point. Under any circumstances, the speedy establishment of the gymnasium is to be hoped for. The institution is sure to be most popular with the force, and its many incidental advantages— such as improving the physique of the men, bringing them more together, and so arousing a proper esprit de corps—are obvious at a glance. A proposition has been mooted, that members of the families of volunteers should be admitted to the benefits of the gymnasium at stated times. The Victorian ten to represent the colony in the annual rifle match with New South whales have been selected by the council of the Rifle Association. Melbourne sends Sergeant Templeton, and Privates Cole, Fawcett, M'Clurg, and M'Naughton ; Castlemaine, Captain Couchman and Corporal Newlands; Sandhurst, Private Macartney ; Ballarat, Sergeant- Sleep and Geelong, Sergeant Middle miss. We learn from our Geelong correspondent that the entries for the Geelong and Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society exhibition, to be held in Geelong to-morrow, are almost equal to those of last year. In cattle and horses there is a decided improvement, as also in the number of entries for the wine there being not fewer than twenty-four of the latter. In implements and poultry there is a slight falling off"., . .TWerba.vo received from Messrs. Troefjelhand Cognac the second number of the Melbourne Album; containing views of Bourke-street and the Botanical Gardens, and we can only add' that ps merits deserve all success. As 0 souvenir, or for the purposes of cotemporary Hbistration, it has every interest. a "''>?> Weare requested to state that Dr Mueller has received from Mr. R. Perry, a former are fident in this city, a considerable quantity of Egyptian cotton Blood, which 'he will distribute to those who may be anxious to give a trial to the cultivation of this variety. Towards the latter end of last week it was discovered that one of the children in the Deaf and Dumb Institution had been in ftSfturiate enough to stray and lost itself,' eventually wandering as far as Camberwell, beyond Hawthorn. On Friday evening it was found by a good woman named Kenna, who, having read the newspaper accounts of the establishment for the deaf and dumb, took the poor thing into her house, cared for it, and then brought it to the institution, which turned out to be its home. Mr Sturt begs to acknowledge the receipt of 22 from Mr, Charles Wright, of the Olive-' Branch Hotel, for the poor-box. At the Theatre Royal last evening, " Henry the Fourth," with Mr. Barry Sullivan's Fal- staff drew a good house, notwithstanding the unfavourable aspect of the weather during the afternoon. The tragedy will be produced for the last time this evening, and the admirers of the Shakspearian drama will have only this opportunity of seeing it for a long time to time.' On Thursday, "The Rivals" will be revived ; and at the special request of many patrons of the theatre, the "Ghost Illusion". will be revived for two nights, On Saturday, Sheridan Knowles's play of " Love" will be represented, Mr. Barry Sullivan appearing in the character of Huon. A new drama, under the title of "Aurora Floyd," an adaptation from Miss Braddon's latest novel, as the name itself implies, was produced at the Princess's Theatre on Monday evening, and repeated last night, The title, however, and one of the leading features of the popular novel are all that the play wright has taken from his original; and only in these respects is there relationship between, the novel and the drama. The early marriage Of the heroine with her father's groom, and her subsequent union with Mr. John Mellish (from whom she conceals the false step taken hiker girlhood), the unwelcome re-appearance of her first husband, over whom she had been. led to believe the grave' had long since closed; and its tragic death;, form the groundwork of the play and thus far: tholdranutist is' in debted to the novelist for the idea which he has endeavoured to carry out For the rest, no has depended very much upon his own skill and power of invention, and the result is shot altogether a Success. literary merit the drama has none, ; but there incident enough in it to render it effective from a stage point his view, with the help of good acting and good scenery. With improvements in these respects the drama would go better than it does at the Princess's ; without them, it 1 would be successful nowhere. Miss Edouin plays the character of the heroine very fairly, but she is hardly equal to the proper representation of such a character as that drawn by the novelist ; time and farther study would doubtless improve her in it. But it there were shortcoming so far as Miss Edouin was concerned, what shall we say of Mr. Fawcett as John Mellish, her devoted and confiding husband? No one doubts Mr. Fawcett's ability as a clever and versatile actor; but he is completely out of his element in characters of the John Mellish school, and it is a pity for his reputation that he should undertake them. The other characters in the drama are wholly of a subordinate description, and do not call for special notice In addition to "Aurora Floyd," what is" described as a new burlesque, under the title of " Little Red Riding Hood, or the Fairies of the Rose, Thistle, and Shamrock," has been played on both evenings. It strikes us, however, that we have had an English acquaintance with a portion of the burlesque, in tho shape of the introduction to a pantomime under the name of " Red Riding Hood ;" and the remainder of it appears to have been arranged solely for the purpose of swelling that which belonged to the pantomime to some thing like the legitimate proportions of a burlesque But, taken as presented to up, it would be too much to expect that the verdict on the extravaganza could be a very favourable one. It is patchy and incomplete, and it would take exceedingly clever acting and any amount of stage splendour to render it acceptable anywhere. It is, perhaps, needless to say that only what might be called a shadow of the pretty nursery tale is preserved in the bur lCEque. In Blondinette, alias Little Red Riding Hood, Miss Julia Mathews has a part which is hardly worthy of her powers but with her capital singing and dancing she makes the most of it while she is very well supported by Miss Rose Edouin as Colic, a rustic swain, whose heart has been rendered uneasy by the charms of the fair Red Riding Hood. In Baron Reginald de Wolf, a most awful villain, Mr. Fawcett has a part to which he could do justice if he would allow himself time to get letter perfect in it but the lapses occasioned by his forgot fulness Of the words which the grimly humorous bacon should spe the are not at all favourable to the proper representation of the character. Miss Marian Dunn and Miss Julia Edouin made two very pretty fairies?, and did all they had to do well. Mr. W. R. Gill may also he commended for the manner in which he played Diavollno, seneschal to his worship Of the other character nothing need be said. Both pieces are announced for repetition until further notice. Yesterday evening a melancholy procession was seen in the streets of Melbourne. It was the boys of, the Immigrants' Home following to the grave in the Cemetery the remains of two of their, comrades who were lately drowned in the lagoon near the Home, while engaged in a juvenile, prank. The drum and fife band headed the procession. Thebes in their showy uniform, playing the Dead March in " Saul," for the first time in public. After them followed the hearse, with the two coffins, and then the young inhabitants of the Home in their brown clothes and red caps. The scene, as the procession wound through the streets, in the wind and rain, was peculiarly impressive. 