MOUNT PLEASANT. I From our own Correspondent.] Mount P easant Novembers). On Friday last the Kev. A. K. Kussell delivered his lecture on 'Ghost Stories.' which had been postponed from last month owing to the severity of the weather. Considerable interest appearec to be felt in the subject, for the schoolroom was well filled, and several persons were obliged to remain standing. The Committee of the Institute have reason to congratulate themselves on the success of this, the first lecture which they have been instrumental in getting up, and may be en couraged to continue their efforts in the same direction. On the same day a treat was given to the children connected with the Sunday-school of St. John's Church, who had been for a long time without any encouragement of that nature. Divine service was held about 3 in the afternoon, and a sermon adapted to the capacity of children preached by the minister; after which reward-books were distri buted by the teache'rs, when all proceeded to the parsonage, where tea and cake were provided. The evening was passed in amusement and was con cluded on the part of the seniors by attendance at the Institute lecture. On Tuesday there was a tea meeting also in connection with St John's Church,* the object being to pay off the interest and, if possible, a part of the principal, also of a debt incurred IS months ago in building the parsonage. An abundance of good things was provided by the ladies of the dis trict, to which a considerable company, sat down in the schoolroom ; and at a later period of the evening there was a public meeting in the church, where the Lord Bishop presided. Prayer having been offered up, after a few introductory remarks as to the object of the meeting, His Lordship read a portion of a lecture upon Oliver Cromwell, con taining a sketch of his religious character as evinced in his letters and speeches. The Rev. G. Dove, of Walkerville, in some measure dissented ' from the views of His Lordship, and expressed his dislike of the character of Cromwell as the rcpre- j sentative of a party who in the day of their power exhibited much intolerance towards the Church of England. With regard to the purpose of their assembling, he enforced the duty of Christian liberality as a necessary element of the Christian character, and as the means for supporting both the material fabrics and the minister of the church. The Rev. J. A. Boake also addressed the meeting in the style of oratory usual on such occasions, and the proceedings were enlivened and diversified by several musical pieces, performed by an efficient choir under the direction of Mr. Daniels. I be lieve that the proceeds of the meeting amounted to about £14. which is not up to the mark of last vear-a result to be partly attributed to the occurrence of other meeting of a similar character within the district during the week. 