NEWS AND NOTES. His Excellency the Governor, and suite, took their departure from Ballarat by special train at eight o'clock on Wednesday morning. Our report of the banquet to his Excellency Sir H. Barkly on Tuesday, was marked by one or two inadvertent omissions in the hurry of writing at the late hour after the close of the proceedings. We should have stated that the first vice chair was filled by Mr F. Young, Chairman of the Eastern Council, and the second by Mr Humffray, M.L.A.; Mr W. C. Smith, M.L.A., and Mr Baird, Chairman of the Bal- larat Road Board, occupying the two other vice- chairs. Among the guests were four or five of our well-known Chinese citizens, who had previously taken part in the presentation of an address to his Excellency. As far as we had opportunity of ob- serving, the Chinese guests were among the most orderly at the banquet. On Wednesday, at Sisely's Hotel, Black Lead, Buninyong, Dr. Clendinning held an inquest on the body of John Foster, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place about the 30th of August, in his own hut, on the Black Lead, and was caused by congestion of the brain or apoplexy, brought on by severe and exten- sive burns of his scalp, neck, and shoulders. The jury added the following- "We further find that his head and shoulders were found lying within the fireplace of his hut, on the 1st instant, but how, when, or by what means they came there, there is not any evidence before us to prove." The deceased was a confirmed drunkard when he had any money, and he had been an inmate of the Yarra Bend Lu- natic Asylum for some months. He was a native of Birkenhead, and aged about forty-seven years. De- ceased (according to one of the witnesses) had a brother employed by Sargood and King, of Mel- bourne, and used to state he was a married man. When found, the body was in an advanced state of decomposition., The deceased had been resident in the neighborhood for about six years except the four months he had been in the Asylum, to which he was committed as a dangerous lunatic from the Buninyong Police Court. He was often in want of food, and there was nothing found in his hut but a bag hung up by way of a door. Mr Rankin, sur- geon, tendered the medical evidence, and stated an opinion that the deceased had either been seized with convulsions, or had fallen in a drunken state into the fire. It is expected that the criminal business at the General Sessions will be concluded to-day, and it is understood that the appeals will not be taken until to-morrow. The holiday spirit evoked by his Excellency's visit to Ballarat took a pyrotechnical shape last night, when a number of boys amused themselves and frightened horses by letting off squibs, crackers, and other small ware in the pyrotechnic line. Mr Gibbs announced his intention to exhibit in Sturt street some of his compositions in that way, and besides some rockets that were fired off be displayed some fixed pieces which were very beautiful and elicited the admiration of a large crowd of spectators. Through an oversight of the chairman at the banquet to the Governor, several letters of apology for non-attendance received by him were not read. Amongst these was one from Mr D. Gillies, M.L.A. who stated that he would have been present to do honor to his Excellency, but that his parliamentary engagements would not permit him, he having made arrangements to be present in the Legislative As- sembly on Tuesday evening. Mr Lewis, the chairman of the Western Council, with Councillors Campbell and Smith, purpose wait- ing this day on the Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, relative to the market in Sturt street. The deputation, we understand, will be supported by Mr Watson, Mr Bellair, and several other ratepayers. The manager of the Albion Quartz Mining Com- pany, Stieglitz, Mr R. King, has furnished us with the following facts relative to the yield of gold at various depths in that company's claim. It will be seen that the ratio of decrease being in proportion to the depth does not hold good in this, as in very many other instances. The yields have been as fol- low:-From 220 feet to 320 feet, the yield averaged 4 oz 15 dwt to the ton; from 320 feet to 345 feet, the average yield was 3 oz 10 dwt per ton; from 360 feet to 382 feet-the depth of tbe present workings-the average yield has been 7 oz 5 dwt per ton. The stone in the bottom of the level now being worked appears to be richer than any hitherto crushed. We have been shown an elaborately-chased ring, manufactured by Mr Landmann, of Sturt street, which the workmen engaged in the Soho Foundry are about to present to Mr Robinson, previous to his departure for Europe. On the shield is the inscription, "Presented to J. S. Robinson, Esq.;" and on the inside the following, "By the workmen of the Soho Works, Ballarat, 1st Sept, 1863." The ring, we believe, is to be forwarded to Melbourne, as Mr Robinson took his departure before it was quite ready for presentation. It is understood that the expenses of the Chinese demonstration on the occasion of the farewell visit of his Excellency the Governor to Ballarat, amounted to over one hundred pounds, which was defrayed by a subscription readily raised among the principal Chinese residents. The Howson Family will make its last appearance in Ballarat on Friday evening, on which occasion a grand concert of sacred, secular, and instrumental music will be given in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, by this talented family, for its immediate benefit, and under especial patronage. The following prisoners were disposed of at the General Sessions yesterday :- James Callaghan, William Thompson alias Henry Beecham, William Robinson, larceny of brasses from the Monte Christo works; Callaghan acquitted, Thompson six months, and Robinson nine months' imprisonment. Evan Hopkins alias Williams, larceny of bacon from the store of D. Ross in Market square, Ballarat West; two years' imprisonment. George Williams, larceny of a musical box and coat in the house of Charles Mitchell; twelve months' imprisonment. Ah Young, Ah Ha, Ah See alias Ah Ching, Ching Chung, and Ah Ching, larceny of rice and shirts in the store of William Ritchie, at the Springs; Ah See and Ah Young two years' imprisonment each, and the others acquitted. Martin Power and Richard Foran, lar- ceny of a saddle, the property of Charles Kenney, at Cogbill's Creek; Power three weeks' imprison- ment, Foran acquitted. William Robinson and Lindsay Giles or Gillies, destroying trees and shrubs belonging to George Tregent, at Mount Bolton; remanded for sentence. Margaret Bentley, larceny from the person; twelve months' imprisonment. At the Eastern Police Court, on Wednesday, Henry Barker was charged with having stolen five panel doors belonging to Mr McLellan, of Dowling Forest. The accused was remanded for a week. A ball was held in the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday night, which was numerously attended. The proceeds are to be devoted to the fund for ceiling the hall. A band under the leadership of Mr Schrader, was in attendance, and supplied the music for the occasion. In our report of the proceedings connected with the reception of his Excellency the Governor on Tuesday, we omitted to state that the members of the Ballarat West Fire Brigade were in attendance at the Railway Terminus, and that they joined in the procession to Craig's Royal Hotel, where they presented their address. It will have been observed that in the published report of the proceedings at the last meeting of the committee of the Brigade, (furnished by tbe hon. secretary), a vote of some- thing approaching censure was passed upon the Star for having chosen to suggest that it would have been courteous on the part of the Brigade to have apprised the sister Brigade of its intention, and more than that, to have arranged like the Municipal Councils to have presented a joint address. We can have no right, of course, to object to the Ballarat West Fire Brigade taking independent action in the matter, only we reiterate our remark that more courtesy might have been shown by the one Brigade to the other, in a matter of some public interest and im- portance. Three drunkards were brought before Mr Clissold, P.M., at the Western lock-up on Wednesday morn- ting, and mulcted in the usual penalty of 40s each. The reduction made by the justices in the assess- ment of property in the Eastern Municipality on Monday, amounted to £960, The annual value of property within the municipality amounts to within a fraction of £80,000, At the meeting of the Eastern Council, on Wed- nesday, a rate of 1s 6d in the £1 was struck, the amount being the same as it was in the previous year. The Eastern Council, at its meeting on Wednesday evening, accepted thc tender of Timothy Galvin, at £419 7s 2d, for the maintenance of the streets until the 15th December next. The Supreme Court has decided that the Govern- ment has power under the Road Act, 16 Vic. No. 40, to revoke a proclamation of a road board district. The question was raised on Tuesday by Mr Fellows, wbo moved for a rule nisi for filing an information in the nature of a quo warranto against the members of the Carngham and Beaufort Boad Board. The rule was refused, and consequently the new board is the legal one. At nine o'clock on Wednesday morning, a young fellow named Bowles alias "Fly- by-night" was dis- charged from gaol, where he had undergone six months' imprisonment. He had only been about half an hour ont of gaol when he threatened to take the life of an old man named Cray, and shortly afterwards was arrested on a warrant. At the Eastern Police Court, on Wednesday, John Davis, a very old man, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for stealing four decanters and a coat from the premises of Mr Shoppee in Bridge street. A man named Andrew Tinling was charged at the Eastern Police Court, on Wednesday, with hav- ing stolen two nuggets from a person named Thomas Rowe. The accused was remanded until Monday, owing to the absence of a witness in Melbourne. George Cowan, a young scamp about ten years of age, whose parents have lost all control over him, was charged at the Eastern Police Court, on Wed- nesday, with having stolen some brass fittings from the engine of the Star of the East Gold Mining Company. Mr Clissold said that hardly a day passed that juveniles like the accused were not bronght before him for either drunkenness or petty larceny. The people of Ballarat ought to take some steps to induce the Government to erect a reforma- tory for these young criminals, who, if not restrained, would become a curse to tbe colony. He re- manded the accused until Monday, to see if he could be got into some institution. While on Tuesday the resident Chinese were making their loyal demonstration to the representa- tive of royalty in Lydiard street and elsewhere, a long string of recent Chinese arrivals, by way of South Australia, were wending their way along the Main Road, in order to reach the quarter specially affected by the race in Ballarat. The poor fellows seemed wretchedly jaded with their long, and, as it happens, unnecessary detour to reach the metropoli- tan gold field, but of course recent emigrants from China have no information respecting the repeal of the capitation tax. There seemed from thirty to forty of them, all limping and barefooted, carrying the usual pole and baskets, and the heads of the majority of them covered with the roof-like wicker hat with which Chinese immigrants in past days have made us quite familiar. We need scarcely say that a lot of ruffianly boys followed them along the street, and jeered them for their forlorn and singular appearance. The great annual show and fair of the Western District Pastoral and Agricultural Society will be held at Skipton this morning. This show will be the fifth in successional years, and as very liberal prizes will be awarded for exhibits of sheep, cattle, horses, agricultural produce, implements, and dairy yields, and much valuable stock will be offered for sale, a large attendance may be expected from all the surrounding agricultural districts. As will be seen by the Government Gazette of Tuesday last, some changes have been made in the appointments of electoral registrars in this neighbor- hood. Mr Semple has been appointed to the War- renheip division of Ballarat East, vice Mr Harrie Wood, resigned; and Mr David Christy has been appointed registrar for the Western Road division of Ballarat West, in addition to the Ballarat proper division, vice Mr J. H. Mather, of Learmonth, who has been appointed registrar of the Carngham divi- sion of Ripon and Hampden, in addition to the Miners' Rest division of the same district. The ever vigilant management at the Theatre Royal, has succeeded in calling Professor Pepper's ghost to its aid, and the veritable spectre is to appear to-night in a three act drama entitled "The Dream Spectre." There was a ghostly rehearsal last night, and from a glimpse we had of the spirit we can state that the illusion is far nearer the perfection of spec- tral appearance than the ordinary run of stage ghosts. We may not now reveal too much of the secrets of the spirit world at the theatre but com- mend the patent novelty to tbe playgoing public for their own observance. The drama will be supported by the entire company at the house, and will be fol- lowed by the capital farce "Founded on Facts," with Mr Hoskins as Skeptic. A mining case was tried last week in an up- country town, before a Judge of the Court of Mines and assessors. A Ballarat barrister appeared for some of the litigants, when the assessors returned the following very intelligent verdict:-"As the evidence of the plaintiff is doubtful, and as it is un- contradicted by the defendant, we go in for a nonsuit without costs. (Signed) J. B. and W. R." The jndge on being handed the verdict intimated that he could not take it in that way; and ultimately a non- suit was entered At the meeting of the Licensed Victuallars Asso- ciation on Wednesday, an explanation was received from Mr J. Edwards, the younger, relative to some remarks made at the former meeting of the associa- tion, about the action he took in opposing the second reading of the amended Licensed Victuallers' Bill. Mr Edwards complained especially of the remarks made by Mr Martin, and enclosed a copy of a letter from the Chief Secretary as to what transpired at an interview between the Federal Association and Mr McCulloch. The association resolved, on the motion of Mr Watson, seconded by Mr Bellair, to inform Mr Edwards that his explanation was deemed satisfactory. "We understand that the Rifle Rangers will have a church parade on Sunday next, and that a deputa- tion is about to wait on the Rev. Mr Henderson, to request him to preach a special sermon on the occasion. A site at Talbot for Primitive Methodist Church purposes has been temporarily reserved from sale. The Gazette contains the Governor's assent to Bylaw No. 8, made by the Municipal Council of Browns and Scarsdale, for the preservation of the public health. Bylaw No. 17 of the Municipal Council of Smythesdale, for the same purpose, has also received the Governor's assent. The works at the Roman Catholic Church in Sturt street are progressing with spirit. All the glazing is done, and the plasterers and colorers have nearly finished their work, the hue of the walls being a reddish brown. The stainers of the roof and other timbers are now busy and stone cutters are employed preparing the stone approaches to the east and north doors, and the temporary altar is being made in Melbourne. Brass plates have been affixed to six of the eight stone pillars on either side of the nave, and on the plates is engraved the donors' style. Three on the north side were raised by subscriptions by the Catholics in the Great Ex- tended Company, the building committee, and the police of Ballarat West, respectively ; and three on the south side by the Catholics in the Great Extended Company, the Catholics in St. Patrick's Society, and the Catholics in the Great Republic Company, re- spectively. The paving of the nave and aisles with encaustic tiles will soon be begun, and the whole building as it stands will be ready for opening in about one month or six weeks hence. The Sir Charles Darling Company, Red Streak, Creswick, got up steam on Tuesday and commenced baling. Tenders are invited till this day for driving, and work will be resumed on Monday next. Mr. H. Smith, of the Exhibition Mart, at the corner of Victoria and Main streets, is about to make some extensive additions to his premises there. The Main street frontage will be extended by building on the site of the saddler's shop adjoin- ing in that direction, and the Victoria street front-- age by the erection of a two-storied building, while the rear of the main front will be carried back fur- ther, to give enlarged space for the business. The cost of the alterations will amount to a considerable sum. Mr Robson has opened his new two-storied hotel at the corner of Sturt and Dawson streets. The building harmonises with the premises previously erected by the same proprietor, and is an ornament to the corner. On and after this day, the title of the Dunolly and Burnt Creek Express is to be changed to the Dunolly, Tarnagulla, and St. Arnaud Express. The ornamental gates for the Hospital reserve, imported by Messrs Drury and Wright, arrived in Ballarat, by rail, on Tuesday. It will be remembered (says the Talbot Leader) that a short while since we reported that a party of miners had taken up an abandoned reef in Kangaroo Gully, and obtained a prospect of 6 dwt to the ton. Since then the party by following the course of the lode, have found much better stone, and last week they had a crushing which yielded at the rate of 12 dwt to the ton, or 30 oz for about 44 tons of quartz. No doubt if other abandoned reefs in the district received a similar examination, the result would be equally satisfactory and profitable. The following appears in Punch, under the head of "advertisements:"-Wanted- Correct informa- tion as to the precise method by which the two heretofore bellicose Municipal Councils of Ballarat managed to agree so marvellously well upon the oc- casion of the Governor's visit on Tuesday last. Address Quidnunc, Old Curiosity Shop, Melbourne. A letter was received here on Monday (says the Geelong Advertiser) from the Crown Law Office, re- questing that the prosecutor and defendant, together with the witnesses, in the libel case, McCann v Sid- ders, might be informed that the Crown did not in- tend to prosecute in the case; and that their appear- ance at the next Circuit Court would, therefore, be dispensed with. A return showing the number of students who have martriculated in the Melbourne University during tbe years 1858, 1859, 1860, 1861, and 1862 ; also the total cost to the State of the University during those years, including annual endowments, cost of buildings, and all other expenses, has been issued ; by which it appears that 2, 15, 10, 14, 22, 29 students matriculated each year, and that the cost did not exceed the £9000 yearly endowment, there being no building or other expenses. 