GLENELG CORPORATION. FRIDAY, MARCH 20. Present— The Mayor; Councillors Monck, Wright, Hinds, and Jones. Resclved, that the Town Clerk write to Mr. Partridge, and request him to remove his fence from off Partridge- request street within ten days from this cUte, as the Council ere about to form the road; and to write to Mr. Brind, as Manager of the South Australian Company, and request a tracing showing the roads in New Qlenelg. The Valaafcor handed in the new assessment. Re solved, that the Council will hear objections on Tuesday, March SI, at the Town Clerk's Office, at 7.30 p.m. Tenders tn be called for making culvert in Adelaide road, and tabling and guttering. *c Resolved, that all small tenders be called far by no ice at the Town Clerk's Office and at the Post office. Resolved, that tenders fer 150 yards of good bill metal for Adelaide road be called for. Same to be broken to a 24-inch (range. Lim "Stone in PartrMge-stieet to be removed; 26 yards Penzance-street, 200 yards Gumtree-etreet, 4'? Osmond s'reet, 50 tit. Anns-terrace, and 75 conditionally to Broadway. Tenders to be called for forming, nrntnliing, &C;, Waterloo and Elbe streets, and Bhine-street. Council agreed to purchase the bard stone of Mr. Scott at 2s. €d. per yard. Small footliridge in St. Leonard's to be made. Tenders be called for carting stone from Partridge stroet at per yard. Naves to go to Chxthch with.—Asse, Bob, Belly, BOOU, Cripple, Cheese, Cockles, Dunce, Dam, Drinkmilke, Def, Fiashman, Fatt, Ginger, Goose, Beaete, Barehead, Bungler, Bugg, Boggey, Bones, Cheeke, Clodd, Cod, Demon, Fiend, Funck, Frogge, Ghost, Greedy, Hagge, Humpe, Holdwater, Headach, Jaggs, Jelly, Idle, Kneebone, Kidney, li&me;, lazy, Leakey, Maypole, BCole, Monkey, Hilksop, Mudd, Maydenhead4l£&g;, Paswater, Phisicke, Pighead, Pott, Poker, Poopy, Pngge, Pigge, Punch, Prorarbt, Quick love, QoAsh, nadish, Bumpe, Rawbone, Bottengoose, Swette, Shi?h, Spmtt, Sheartlifte, BtifEe, Squibb, Sponge, Stobbom, Swine, Share, Shrimps, Shirt, Skim, Squalsh, Silly, Shoe, Smelt, Stall, Spattel, Shadow, gnagg?, Spittle, Teate, Tayieooate, Yillaio, Vittels, Tile, Wiiale. B4HSOAS Wagoeby.—Waggs went to (fae station of one of our railroads the other evening, and, finding the best carriage full, eaid, in a bod tone, M Why this carriage ia'nt going!" Of coarse this caused a general atampede, and Waggs took the best aeat The train soon moved on. In the midst of toe in dignation the wag was questioned 1 " Yoa aaid this town wasn't going?" "Well, it wasn'ntthen," rfr> plied Waggs, ?* bat it is now." The " sold" laughed, fcutWi^??M?t^ne?:aj<)o4?bnal?n|, 