THE THEATRES. ' THE HAYMARKET. The performances at this theatre last evening were for the benefit of Mr. Richard Younge, who, as a clever painstaking actor, and a capital stage manager, his Ken long and favourably known in the play going world of the colony. The members of the Caledonian Society were the patrons of the occasion, and a new Scottish drama was the principal feature of the evening's entertainment. At home within the last year or two there has been a rage for drawing all kinds, sensational and otherwise, almost to the exclusion from the stage of what might be called a more legitimate order of plays and amongst the more fortunate caterers for the public taste of the present moment may be named Mr. Edward Falconer, who has had the satisfaction of producing one or two successful dramas, about a year ago " Bonnie Dundee, or the Gathering of the Clans," an adaptation from Scott's Old Mor easily, one of Mr, Falconer's efforts, was produced in London, and with the aid of good acting and capital scenery it achieved a very considerable success. Some month or two back it was announced for presentation at the Haymarket, but the ghost" interfering for a time, its production was delayed until last evening. Coming to us as it does, with an English reputation, we had every right to look for a good drama in " Bonnie Dundee," speaking from a literary as well as from a stage point of view; and, so far as we may judge from a first evening's performance, the expectations which may have been formed regarding it have been realized. The drama appears to be one which would recommend itself to any audience; and so far as it goes it is faithful, in its leading scenes at least, to the grand story of Scott, To those familiar with the novel-and in these reading days there are few who are not-anydcsciiplion of the plot of the drama of the thread which connects the different scenes may be so called will be unnecessary. It will be quite sufficient to say that Mr. Falconer has been successful in stringing together several of the more prominent features of the tale in an artistic and effective manner; and with good acting, good scenery, and with proper stage accessories, lim drama cannot fail to be anywhere a SUCCESS. The portions of the novel embraced in this adaption are, briefly, the scene of the Wap pingshaw, the siege of the Castle of Tillie redeem, the battle of Bothwell Brig, the camp of the Covenanters previously to that fight, the scene in the interior of the cottage where Henry Morton, the young leader of the enthusiasts, is about to lose his life at the instiga- tion of Balfour of Burley and Habbakuk Mucklewrath, when he is rescued by the timely arrival of Claverhouse and a party of Royalist soldiers and the fight in the streets of Edinburgh between a body of the king's troops and an ill-assorted mob of would-be rebels. Theseevents supply the foundation and a comparatively solid one it is-upon which the structure of the drama is reared, and the complete building is a very sound and satisfactory one. Few companies, either at home or abroad, taken as a whole, are ever found equal to the proper representation of a Scottish play, the language presenting difficulties which even language presenting difficulties which even players cannot overcome and it is no great disparagement to the members of the Haymarket company to say generally that they were not equal to the demands made upon them in this respect. Indeed, we may say that the Doric of the evening was of the most unsatisfactory description and if both actors and actresses would only be kind enough to take such a liberty with their author as to translate the language of the drama into good plain English, we, in common with the majority of their patrons, should be infinitely indebted to them. One of the greatest offenders in this respect was Mr. R. Stewart, who played the part of Cuddie Heading, and whose talent as an actor no one can doubt. It must be pointed out to him, however, that a mixture of English, Irish, and Scottish will never pass for the language spoken north of the Tweed, and we should recommend him a few lessons in the language of " the land of the mountain and flood before he next essays a Scottish character. Beyond that, his Cuddle Headrigg, although very amusing;, was not that of the novelist or the dramatist, and a further study of the part may show him that he has mis- taken the spirit of it. Mr. Henry Edwards was the representative of " The Bloody Claver'so," and he rendered the character very effectively. His chief defect was a physical one. The gallant Dundee was the reverse of a giant, If history is to be believed, his was a slight, elegant, yet powerful, figure but Dundee at the Haymarket is a stalwart cavalier, standing nothing short of six feet in his stockings, and with thews and sinews in proportion. In this respect, Mr. Edwards is no representative of the famous John Grahame ; but otherwise, there is nothing to find fault with. Mr. Richard Younge took the part of Henry Morton, the " misguided leader of a more misguided- following, and, to do him justice, we have seldom seen him to greater advantage. He looked the character, and he played it. It was, indeed, an even and sustained performance throughout, and Mr. Younge well deserved the applause, which rewarded his efforts. Mr. Bartlett made a good Lord Evandale, while Mr. Holloway played with considerable intelligence and quiet power as Balfour of Burley, that ernest and not least bloodthirsty of fanatics. The other male characters do not call for special notice. In Edith Bellenden Miss Annie Lockhart found a part admirably adapted for her, and it could not have fallen into much better hands. In her rendering of it she was true both to novelist and dramatist, and her success in the part is but another proof that Miss Look hart is an actress entitled, in many respects, to take a somewhat. prominent position in. the colony. Mrs. Woolridge made a very accept- able Lady Margaret Bellenden and Jenny Dennison found a representative for the evening In Mrs. Ii. M'Gowon, who made her first appearance, and who, in the course of the play, favoured the audience with the two songs of " John Highlandman," and " Bonnie Dundee." To say that Mrs. M Gowan gave the audience even the faintest idea of the Jenny Dennison of Scott would be an absurdity. The only othercharac try to which we need allude was that of Habbukuk Mucklewrath, and which was BJE tained by Mr. Milne. In what might almost be called out-of-the-way parts Mr. Milne is exceedingly good, and his version of the mad enthusiast was a very good one. He was especially happy in the cottage scene, already referred to be much for the more prominent characters in the drama. Of " Bonnie Dundee itself we have already said nearly all that there is any occasion for. It is a good play and produced as it is at the Haymarket, with all the drawbar Germany of them, of course, incidental to a Scottish drama-it should have a run; and with every repetition it will be better played. The afterpiece last evening was "The Quiet Family," with Mr. James Simmonds as Mr. Barnaby Bibby, and Mr. L. McGowan as Grumpy. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. J The " Poor of Melbourne ; or the improvident Institute," was the title of a new piece produced for the first time at the Princess's Theatre last evening. It is a melodrama of an "intense" rather than a "sensation' character, and, as might be expected, the plot is apropos of the failure of a Melbourne institution now being wound up in our Insolvent Court. As we are informed, it is not an original drama, but was proof c d in New York under the title of " The Poor of New York," while the public mind was terribly agitated by the numerous bank failures taking place at the time. Great pains have now been taken to give the scene a local character, and the allusions to Melbourne life, localities, and circumstances, are very numerous. Indeed the " first villain," a most pernicious one is made to assume ship turns pernicious one, is made to assume the name of " John Carrier," a bank manager, who by a thousand references in the language of the play is understood to represent an official in connexion with the institution to which we have already alluded. This individual's clerk is a clever rascal, who, after abutting his employer in all his scoundrelism, and living on the profits, suddenly turns a sort of "Queen's evidence," and reads his master a high moral lesson before committing him to the care of the police. About the other characters there is nothing in asked. Miss Rose Edouin is, of course, a domestic heroine and Mrs. Gill, her mother, shares the sorrow caused by Carrier's knavery, as well as the de- sertion of her daughter's lover, Mark Livingstone, a squatter, who, however, is restored to her at the right time. Some capital scenery, including, unmistakably, Melbourne views, painted by Mr. Tnnnett, help out the piece which, at all events, enlisted all the sympathies of the audience, who insisted upon having the manager (who was also a chief actor) before them, to applaud him. The piece will doubtless run through the week. The burlesque of " Lord Bateman " still maintains its popularity. THEATRE ROYAL. At the Theatre Royal, last evening, Henry IV. was repeated to a full house. - Mr. Barry Sullivan's impersonation of Falstaff improves upon further acquaintance. It may be that on the first night of the revival of the tragedy, the anxieties of the manager somewhat cramped the play of humour in the actor; but it is certain that last night the rich wit of the scapegrace knight was delivered with a breadth of humour that delighted the audience, and carried their sympathy along with the old rogue, in spite of themselves. The ''ghost illusion, now brought to great perfection at this theatre, is nightly received with great applause. 