From the Daily News of January 11th, 1857. TREATMENT OF OUR DANGEROUS CRIMINALS. To the Editor. SIR-It is with no small surprise that I read in your journal of to-day a letter from the pen of my valued friend, Mr. John Dillon in which he declares that enormous evils have resulted, and are' actually resulting from the doctrine, that, in the infliction of legal punishment, the protection of society and the prevention of crime are secondary objects to the reclaiming or benefiting toe and vidual. Mr Dillon, then, gravely entertains the notion that the law of England or its administrators, or both, sacrifice the great object of criminal jurisprudence namely, the diminution of net its lowest attainable amount to their desire for the reformation of the offender That such a cry has been raised against philanthropists, and that it has been adopted by speakers and writers who think more of rounding a period, or giving effect to a piece of declamation, than or hearing at the truth, it is impossible to deny , but Mr. Dillon is one of the last men whom I should have expected to be carried away by such groundless clamour At the present day our punishments almost resolve themselves into imprisonment, usually accompanied by a sentence to hard labour. In average years, capital punishments actually executed are not, as compared with imprisonments, in a greater proportion than one to twelve e thousand Fines and whipping are also proportionally rare Transportation, so long as Uren tries to be penal, is but a species of imprisonment, with imposed labour. I shall be therefore substantially correct, if I resolve all evil ing penalties into imprisonment with labour That being done the next point for enquiry is, what is the average length of the detention in each case I believe, sir, you will very much exaggerate that length If you put it down at six months. Im- prisonments, technically so called-that is to say, excluding penal servitude and the penal portion of transportation would not approach half that term I have seen it placed as low as six weeks But what advocate of reformatory treatment believes it possible even fairly to initiate a reformation during a detention of a few months to say nothing of perfecting it ! Surely, then, our daily experience demonstrates the fallacy of supposing that the repression of crime is sacrificed to mc reclamation of criminals Who, indeed, are so verses sung in their demands for mending the power or detention as the advocates of reformatory treatment claiming thereby to insure to the public that the convict shall either be reformed, or, in the event of that object falling, that he shall be incapacitated from injuring his eight hours by his detention being continued for his life (as some would have it), and with regard to those who shrink from carrying reformatory doctrines so far, oven they ask for a very large increase in the measure of detention I will not remind Mr Dillon that no single member of the Reformatory- School has ever denied that the reclaiming of offenders is a means to an end, and that if it can be proved to be only attainable by the sacrifice of of the end- videlicet, the diminution of crime, it must be abandoned Nor will I insist upon what is, nevertheless, the fact, that they frequently preface their writings on the subject by a formal adhesion to this principle, in the hope (the forlorn hope, however) of protecting themselves from misapprehension On the present occasion I pass this by because I find Mr. Dillon going far beyond the imputation of our entertaining such notions. He declares that our alleged theory is reduced to practice. Am I to conclude from his statement, that it is the reformed criminals who, in some way or other, have produced the outrages of which we all, reformer and terrorists, complain with one voice 1 This, although the logical conclusion, cannot be that which Mr. Dillon meant to convey. Does be, then, mean to adopt the words of Lady Macbeth The attempt, and not the deed, confounds us' I Does he mean that if reformation had been actually produced there would have been no ground for complaint ! but does he intend to say that, under an erroneous belief that convicts had been reformed, they were discharged too soon ' That many of them were discharged too soon, either for the public safety or their own permanent welfare, cannot be doubted, but that they wercdUrrtsscd under the belief that their reformation had been ensured, is opposed to the a\ owed in Parliament of the Minister who opened the gates of the r gaoL " The reason," he says, why a ticket or leave cannot he fairly regarded as a proof of reclamation is in 10115. As long as he is in prison, where he Is denied the possibility of getting drunk and of associating with those who might lead him into temptation, the convict is evidently so circumstanced as that it is impossible for him to afford us the means of arriving at a satisfactory conclusion as to whether he repentance is genuine or affected" These observations must not he understood as reflecting on the Home Secretary, Hu defence rests on grounds quite distinct from the points in controversy between Mr Dillon and myself. Colonel Montesinos, at a Valencia, in Spain, Captain Crofton, in Ireland, and the wardens of prisons in several of the United States have overcome the difficulty to which Sir George Grey refers, by passing the convict through the intermediate stage, of which Lord Stanley spoke, in Mr Dillon's presence, at the meeting of the Law Amendment Society on Monday night, But, be this as it may, it cannot be maintained that our criminals have been discharged under any belief in their reformation, and consequently It cannot be maintained that the principle of re- formation has been tried. I am not content to urge that it has not had a fair trial I say it has had no trial at all, Ti e, such is the vigour of the principle, that even the inchoate process to which I have adverted has, by the number of ticket-of-leave men who have been well conducted since they left the prisons, afforded additional proof that we ought to persevere to the end. Sir, apart from measures which go to prevent those in danger of becoming criminals from falling into that class, and confining myself to the treatment of those who have fallen, I know but three we ways of dealing with them First to eradicate the desire to do wrong by reformation, second, to overpower the desire to do wrong by deterrents, third, to incapacitate the criminal from doing wrong by imprisonment or death. These three expedients may be harmoniously combined, and if you aim at reforma lion-accepting the consequence of no reformation no discharge, or a discharge long deferred all the expedients may be brought to bear on the same prisoner. M hilo immured in a gaol, he is incapacitated from injuring the community, The gaol, with labour and the suspension of those indulgencies which brought him there, acts as a deterrent, while seclusion, labour, and privation are essential conditions to success in producing re formation. Let me then suppose that each of these three expedients has its advocate, who has no faith in the other two. To each I would say There is no reason why you should not act in concert. If one of them avowed himself a sceptic as to the efficiency of deterrents to prevent criminals from relapsing into their evil courses, while, on the other hand, he equally dis believed in the possibility of reclaiming them, to him I should say Why not try the experiment ! You will obtain by that means a longer period of incapacitation for the convict than by an) other. Public soft-boarlcdncss will not let you detain the criminal for a long term of years, unless you show, first, that you are aiming at some good to him, as well as to society, and, second, that if he remain in prison beyond the term which has sufficed for his fellow convicts to work out their freedom, it is his own fault it is because he is in such a state of mind and of habits, that to send him forth into the world would be to let loose a creature far more dangerous to the safety of others than if he were a beast of prey. To the believer in deterrents I would urge much the same arguments as I had used with the believer in incapacitation. You I would say, seek to make the deterrent power of penal inflictions more adequate to the purpose of inspiring terror than it now is, by augmenting their severity, It is immaterial to you with what object the pain is inflicted, you have only to do with the amount of it. Now, therefore, it is to 5 our interest to adopt a course which necessarily involves a longer imprisonment, harder labour, and harder fare, than the public would concede, except on the terms of giving the criminal a chance to turn his visitations into a bear (the highest he can receive by becoming reformed. If you are right in your gloomy faith, so much the severer his punishment, and so much the greater the deterrent force of the example offered by his suffering. I he advocate of reformatory treatment would require no convincing. He is well aware that no convict can be reclaimed by sugar- plum«-that he must endure much pain, not inflicted, it is true, for pain's sake, m a v indicates a spirit, or with a view to re- tribution, or to expiation whatever may be the meaning of that word, much used and little understood) but pain administered as necessary to the cure-pain administered on the principle which determines the surgeon to sentence his patient to an operation, and which guides his hand during its course pain inflicted with, a wise parsimony , not withheld when required for success, not lavished when the sufferer can be spared its agony. Sir, instead of reproaching those who put the reformation, of the criminal above the repression of crime a class of beings whom he will find it harder to discover than ghosts or witches let my excellent friend use his talents and his influence, which. I have Eton with respect and admiration employed in many a, good cause, to induce the public to keep their feeling»in.sub- jection to their reason Let him denounce as refined selfishness, the disposition to relieve the prisoner from pain without know- ing whether such lenity will prove a blessing or a curse. Let him make them understand that crying out for severe laws, and then labouring to defeat their execution, by making every case an, exception to the rule, whether they are engaged in it as witnesses, jurymen, or friends to the culprit, or to his mother sister, or tenth cousin, or tenth cousin's " slight acquaintance, will not at all mend the matter. Harshness in the abstract is very consistent with a maudlin levity in the concrete. I could die close the names of men of talent actuated by the pureSt motive, who had prayed the Home Secretary to mitigate sentences to. an extent quite ludicrous, if the error were not so pernicious, while the same philanthropists, when acting as grand jurors, have called on the Government to abolish, tickets-of-leave 3er to man-like areas a good servant, but a bad master. Yours. &c; M. 1>. BY il. Stapleton, Bristol, January 15. 