OUR SUMMARY. The first session of the present Parliament, thich v-os opened as csvly as February the ./th. ia at length drawing to a close. Since the dite of oar last Summarv the business in both branulies of the Legislature has made considerable progress. The debate on the iloonta lease question, which was pending wlnm the mail leit, and which threatened to keep the Assembly occupied with long dis cussions, was cut short on the 29th September by an amendment to the effect that 'the question be not entertained.' The House were thus saved from the necessity of ex pre^ingan opinion on the merits of a question whk-u could only le decided in a Court of la *. Tha Northern Territory Bill has been intro duced, read a second time in the Assembly and partly considered in Committee. It cinborlics the principles set forth in our last Summary. On a dale to ba fixed land at 7?. Gd. per acre is to be offered for sale simultaneously in London and in Adelaide. The proceeds of the aale, and also those of a second sale, in w.'iieh land is to be offered at 12s. per acrp, will be used by tli3 «Gorerameiit for surveying the country and extending its protection over tlio proposed settlements. There nre clatues of the Bill which provide for the manner in \vhich the accounts of the new country are to bo kcot ; and there are pastoral regulation?,whic!i will enable the Government lo lease ca well as seil portions of tho land. Theso regulations, which are copied to s con siderable extent from those of Queensland, are of a very liberal character. Tho Government uppeur sanguiuo 119 to tho ready said of land in tho now territory. They have already received oft'era from rersons in Eng idcI as well as in the colonies, but until the r.e.v E !l is in fbrca no applications for the purchase or occupation of laud can be en tertained. A Bill has been passed by the Assembly for paying Her Majesty annutlly a euni not cxeer ding £G,8S0, as a subsidy for the services of regular trooii?, as proposed in the Dnke'of No vt castle's despatch. On account of the 2iew /Sealnnd wnr, there are no troops at pre sent in this colony ; but there are various reasons why, as a rule, there should be a do tac-hiot'Jit of soldiers here as well ns in the other cdonicf. All the arguments which are i favourable to the adoption of means of self (L- fence sire favourable to the retention of a I small body of lcgular troops, who under ordinary circuuislaicea can be employed on the fav military duties which have to be per feniic.'1, and who in time of emergency would bo an excellent r.ucleui to the volunteer force of the colony. Tho A$so:nbly, in agreeing to this proposed Bxpen liluro on regular troop3, have at the same time past the volunteor voto on tho Estimates without clteration. But it ia under stood that Ui£rc must be Bome reorganization sf the forte, if it U to be maintained for more than another year. Ae a step towardB tbis a ' new cede of regulations hu been issued; Some { of the&s; ita strict enough ^ but all depends : upon »h4lii* they will bfiflsiwMd. If milder . regulations were allowed to fall through be cause no one would undertake the disagreeable duty of seeking to enforce them, it is doubtful whether any other result will now be arrived at. A great deal of time has been occupied in the House of Assembly by the Treasurer's financial schemes. From the date of hi* taking office he has been bent upon -raising a small loan* for public wort?.- His Bill1 for bor rowmg £40,000 was thrown out by the Legis lative Council, on the ground that it- would be better to postpone raising a loan until some broad scheme to provide for road expenditure had been.propossd. The Treasurer, however, has brought in a new Bill to borrow £35,000 for one year on debentures at 5 per cent., pay able iu Adelaide. lie has obtained the support of the Assembly to this on account of bis pro niise that a Bead Bill, with provisions for a large loan extending over a scries of years, shall be brought in early next session. The Bill for £35,000 has not yet, however, received the sanction of the Legislative Council. 'With tho exception of this the Treasurer is in readi ness for the close of the session. All the items of the Estimates have been passed, and notice of tho Appropriation Bill has been given. The third annual meeting of the South Aue. tralian Bifle Association, which was opened on the oth instant, parsed off with lc?3 satis faction than usual, owing to the delays wl.i-h took place in some of the mutches, Steps, however, have been taken to provide against this in fu'iirt! jtMrs. Ih, re ave to be more targets f-rcetccl, and the li.'ia arrangements are to be improved. The fiting at long ranges was this jear very good indeed ; but it cannot ba said that there wh» any improvement shown Bt short rapges. -At 800 yards as many as 27 points were scored with seven shots. Slajor Warburton has returned from his expedition against tho natives in the North. He found that everything was in a state of quietude, and ho scarcely saw an aboriginal from tho time he left Adelaide until he returned. The Bativc3 whoso movements alarmed the Bottlers a short time ago were travelling, without hostile intention, from one part of the colony to another, and havo now left tho pastoral districts. Major Warburtcn docs not think there is any necessity for addi tional police- troopers in the North ; but advises settlers to pay more attention to the protection of their own properly. The first wool ship of tho season has re cently sai!ed for England. Tho clip is not particularly heavy this year; but is cleaner and in better condition than usual. A fresh intercolonial difficulty is arising on account of the South Australian Government having givcu notice that they cannot for the future collect the Murray duties for the othrr colonies, because Victoria will not take any steps to prevent loss to South Australia through goods being conveyed over the border into the South- Eastern District. There is at present some reason to fear that this dispute may end in the establishment of Border Custom-Houscs and the imposition of different rotes of duties on cargoes passing up the Murray. Mr. Hargraves, of New South Wales, hes been engaged to examine such localities in this colony as are likely to bo auriferous. The Assembly have voted £1,000 to cover the cost of the engagement. Country sufficiently watered for pastoral purposes has been found inland from Fowler's Bay, and further explorations in the same direction are taking place. 'We learn also from Western Australia that country i3 being taken up, by explorers from Perth, to the north of tho Great Australian Bight, and near the coast line. The returns which relate (he progress of the colony, as given in other columns, show that the value of tho imports at Port Adelaide for the 42 week?, onded October 17, was £1,486,580, and of the exports, £1,306,052, thus showing the excess of imports over exports to be £1SO,534. The cereal exports of the colony lor tho 42 weeks amounted in value to £639,143. The total Customs receipts for the same period were £119,088 17s. 3d., which shows an increase on the corresponding perion in 1862 of £27,083 11?. The land sales from January 1 to October 15 realized £158,084 133. The railway receipts for the 42 weeks ended October 17 were £79,022 19i. 3d., showing an increase on the corres ponding period last year of £5,153 18*. 8d. The immigration at Port Adelaide for the 42 weeks was 3,130 souIb, and the emigration, 2,024. Although for the convenience of subscribers our monthly Summary is published this morning, the latest Soulh Australian dates for transmission by the mail will h% contained in our issue of to-morrow, October the 27th, The \Veatheb.— The weather in Adelaide on Sunday was oppressively hot, and for some time before sunset the wind began to blow violently from the westward, bringing with it clouds of dust, which continued for several hours to sweep through the city with almost uninterrupted violence. At 7 o'clock the barometer had fallen to 29° W, but it subsequently rose somewhat above this. At about midnight a very heavy storm of wind, rain, and hail passed over the city. The wind continued to blow with gieat force from the south-west quarter. In the earlier part of the evening we received froin our Shipping .Reporter the following:— The aneroid fell on Sun-day fioni 29° 05' to 29' 20' in four hours, indicating some change in the weather — most probably a strong north- west gale. Tuk Stow Memorial Church.— The Com mittee have received intelligence from England that their offer for the Town Acre, on which it is proposed to erect the Stow Memorial Church, has been accepted; and that instructions will be re ceived by the next mail to complete the purchase. The valuable advocacy of Mr. Binney has already swelled the subscription-list considerably; as, ex clusive of the handsome contribution from Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Hay of £500, Mr. Binney has collected by his individual exertions nearly £3lH). The net amount to be added to the fiinas by the late soiree, given by the Youncr Men's Society, ?will be nearly .£50, anil assistance has been promised by many parties who have xot yet declared their respective amounts. AVc hope that their present success will stimulate the Commit tee to fresh exertions that they may be justified in making the new building an ornament to the city as well as an appropriate memorial of him whose name and labours it is intended to record. The Moonta Cash.— A notice of application for the admission of the Hon. A. Slichie, Queen's Counsel and Minister of Justice of Victoria, to the Bar of tills colony, lm« been posted ud at the Supreme Court, Mr. Michic has been retained by the petitioners in the Moonta Mine case. Pro ceedings in this matter will soon be initiated in Court, but we hear the case probably will not be argued till next March. Heartless Desertion.— We understand that a man named Saddler, who had been employed as a messenger at the Parliament House, has ab sconded from the colony under very disgraceful circumstances. It appears that Saddler contracted on intimacy with a female servant of Mr. Hines, the caterer, who warned her that her acquaintance was a married man. This did not appear, how ever, to end the iutercouse between the parties, and some days ago the woman was discharged. About the same time Saddler made a pretext to his wife that he had received an appointment iu the country, and must leave town for a few days to make necessary arrangements. Before the poor woman's suspicions were aroused, Sadillcr and his paramour sailed in the Toronto for the more con genial society of Fremantlc, leaving his wife and six children all but destitute in Adelaide. Not only did the runagate take all his available ca^h, buthehas leftin debt to several kind-hearted trades people who supplied his family with provisions when he was out of employment during the Par liamentary re.-ess. [t is impossible to describe the consternation of Mrs. Saddler, when informed of her husband's^heartlcss desertion, but it is ea?y to imagine that her condition is pitiable, and most worthy of the sympathy of all who have the means and delight in comforting the afflicted. The poor woman lives in Gilbert-street, near the residence of the Hon. J. H. Barrow, M.L.C. The Pexxt Bask.— The Penny Pavings Bank in connection with the Adelaide Wesleyan Mutual. Improvement Association, is announced to open this evening at the Piric-street Lecture Hall. The Bank, we see by advertisement, is 0 en to depo sitors of all ages, and the hom-3 of 1 usinesa are to be from 6 to 7 o'clock every Monday evening for receiving deposits, and from 7 K- 7.30 for njafcing repayments, Victoria Theathe.-' Susan Hopley*' was re peated on Saturday evening with a still further improvement in the shadowy acessories, by which the plot was made certainly more intelligible than im its previous representations. There was, how ever, considerable disappointment expressed by spectators at thefact that the 'ghosts' in no case appeared except at the farthest part of the stage, and against a curtained scene shrouded in gloom, where any amount of deception might be prac tised. Those whoijad read of the 'ghost' walk ing across the stage, of its being so transparent that objects could be seen through it, of its being attacked anil visibly pierced by weapons, remain ing impissible, or pursuing its way in defiance of material obstructions, were not satisfied even with the improved effects of Saturday evening. The one special incident in the drama most avourable to the introduction of the 'scientific ghost'— the appearance of the murdered An Vrew to his sister— has all along been neglected, and the old contrivance of the actor who personated the character also playing the ghost has been retained. An absurd interlude, termed 'Fifteen Minutes with the Ghosts,' gave Air. Rhute an opportunity to show off some brotherly love of unusual and unseemly warmth, and introduced a number of 'comic ghosts' or shadows, the comicality of which con sisted in clumsy attempts to burlesque Greek statuary! The fun of this affair was little if at all better than tlie grote-que slides of a common magic-lantern. This evening ' The Dieam Spectre' is to be produced. It is a piece of a still lower class than 'Susan Hopley.' but. like it, affords some scope for 'a wonderful spectral illusion,' and with that it will, no duti'ot. be quite as successful. The Pout Eluqt Meeting. — In another column we publish a report of the 'indignation' meeting at Port Elliot, on Wednesday, October 21\. There were upwards of :W0 persons present, and the meeting had to be held in the open air. It was presided over by the Rev. li. \Y. Ne.vland, and great excitement seemed to prevail. A reso lution stating the futility of the jetty unlcs-f car ried to Granite Island was passed, and a Com mittee was appointed to communicate with the Government, and in the event of an evasive reply or a denial to their demands being received were empowered to «ill a meeting to consider the advisability of their seceding from South Australia anil joining the Iliverine District. Accident. —As Mr. Whyte was driving from the B^.y on Saturday morning his horse took fright on approaching the Stiirt Bridge. The bug-ry was upset and very much shattered, though we. are glad to learn Mr. Whyte was unhijured. THK RKAT, PEOrERTY ACT IW QlTEEN'SLAN'D.— The Daily (rutm/uirt of October (5 says:— 'During the last session a Board of Enquiry was instituted relative to the operations of the Heal Property Act in Queensland. It was admitted on all hands that the measure was one of a very beneficial nature. Its principles were sound and just, and no one was rash enough to deny that the ' Act to simplify the laws relating to the transfer and encumbrance of freehold and the interests in land' was a measure of great benefit to the com munity generally. The task, however, of carrying out this Act in its integrity involved the creation of a new Government department. The depart ment is presided over by a very efficient public servant, viz., Mr. Darvall. It appears that the number of persons who wish to bring their landed property under the provisions of the Act of Mr. Torrens, which has been adapted to this colony, is very numerous— much more numerous, iu fact, than was at first anticipated. The consequence is that the work of the ofike of Mr. Darvall, the Registrar-General of Queensland, has got into arrears. A Board of Enquiry was therefore up pointed last session, in order to enquire into the working of the Registrar-General's department. The icport of thrt Board, composed of the Attor ney-General and Messis. Little and Lilley, is highly complimentary to the department con ducted by Mr. Daivall, the Registrar, and tends to prove that the oflice under his control pays its own expenses, contributes to the revenue, and is, in fact, profitable to the Government.' Nokth-West Australia.— The Talhot Leader contains the following:— 'About February next there is likely to be a large exodus of farmers from the agricultural districts near Talbot, more espe cially from the Springs and Beckworth. The distant country on the north-western coast of this con tinent is the spot where they intend to commence business anew, and the neighbourhood of L'amden Harbour will be chosen as the locality where the first township settlement is to be established. The intended settlers, most of whom are now fanners about Mount Beckwith, have proceeded to work in a business-like manner, having ap pointed a Committee to consider the best plans for arranging details. It has at present been resolved to form a Company of thirty, each of whom will pay £tW, thus raising a capital of£l.nOO. With this sum it is intended to pur chase a vessel of 109 tons burden, which will be used to convey some members, their families, and provisions to the new country. It will afterwards be employed in trading from C'amdcn Harbour. It is estimated that the £l,8uO will cover the expenses of the vessel for 12 months, in addition to its purchase. One hundred acres of laud are to be purchased nt 10.-t. per acre to secure ground for a permanent township, and large tmcts of land will, of course, be taken up by indi vidual members in proportion to the number of stock they take with them. Land can be taken up on the following easy terms :-For pastoral purposes, blocks of not more than 100,000 acres may be held free for four years; uuring tne next lour years a rental ot us. per 1,000 acres, and during the following four years a rental of 10s. per 1,003 acres, will be charged. For agri culture, farms not exceeding GI0 acres may beheld free for four years, and Is. per acre for the nest eight years. In either case, land may bs purchased for 10s. per acre. The stock will be taken overland, and most probably from the Far Xorth stations of South Australia. The caravan will attain quite imposing dimensions, as it will consist of about 20 men ; and Mr. Pyers, one of the party, intends to take on his own account 2,000 sheep at least. The country i* under the rule of 'Western Australia, but is many hundred miles distant from Perth, the seat of Government.' Mongolian- Sheetsheauers. — According to the Ararat Adrr.rti.ier, some of the local BijuaUew have commenced employing Chinamen as shearers, and it appears from the reports which reach us that the experiment has proved emi nently successful. They are represented as being most careful with the sheep, close shearers, and civil and obedient to the orders of the superinten dent. If this practice be followed up by the squatters, comments the Adverlisir, there can be little doubt but the course of a year or two will place them less at the mercy of many of those who wander about the country subsisting far the greater part of the year on charity, and then domi neering over the sheepfarmer when he finds him self pressed for hands, und anxious to gut his shearing over. Westkus Auamuux ExPLonp.ns.-Messrs. Dempster, who recently explored the country from Bucklaiul, in Western Australia, to the eastward, were absent from April 7 to August 21. They have applied for the lease of 240,uuo acres in the country recently csplorcd by them, The land i-ckctcd is near the coast- line, and ic^ furthermost boundary near the eastern point of Ksperance Bay. Application has also been made by an Albany settler for depasturing land in the same direction. The extreme station to the eastward will therefore not bo far distant from the Austra lian Bight. Weslktax Missionary Asnivkrsaisy.— Tho annual sermons in connection with the Wesleyan Missionary Anniversary were preachc.l in i'irie street Chapel, on Sunday, that in the morning !--? the Rev. 0. Cohvell. and that in the evening by the Rev. J. Cope. On both occasions, notwith standing the very unpleasant weather, there was a very uooil attcmlainc. In the fdternoan the Rev. J. Watsfortl delivered an interesting aiWre»s on missionary labours in the -011th Sea Islands to the childreV. of the various Wesleyan Sunday schools in the city, anil a large number of their parents and friends. The collections made at tho close of each service yielded a result of about 20 guineas. A public meeting in coatinu.-ujon of the services U to Imj held in the chapel at 7 o'clock this eveinng. Latest Dates.— Dv the arrival of the Rangatira our files are extended to the following dates :- Melbourne, October 22; Sydney, October 17: Bris bane, October 14; Auckland, October G; Hob.irj Town, October t(3; and Launceston, October 17. SchooIi Picnic— A correspondent sends us the following:— 'the annual picnic of the Undalya School took place on the22nd of October, in a section belonging to Mr. Smyth. The children were conveyed in dray3 to the chosen spot by half past 10, and, entering eagerly into the sports, made the bush resound with their mirth, which seemed infectious, as their parents, most of whom were present, vied with each other in promoting their enjoyment — jumping in sacks, running races scrambling, &c;, buing the children's most fa vourite amuscment3— till dinner was spread on the grass; after which the sports continued till the word was passed for tea, ample justice being done to the good things provided. Still there was no desire to quit the spot till night and prudence sus gesting a removal, after thrce cheers for the ladies providing the treat, two for the schoolmaster, and a little one for ourselves, the party— numbering 73— reluctantly quitted the spot, hoping that they might soon all join in another day of such innocent and healthy amusement.' The Rkv. C. Ootwnu/s Lecture.— In our notice of tlm lecture, on Saturday, for 'precision of the equinoxes,' read 'precession of the equi noxes.' New Omnibus.— The new omnibus manufac- tured by Mr. Crimp for Mr. Richard George, and which was recently noticed in our columns, was placed on the Bay-road for the first time for passenger traffic on Saturday, October 24\. It is open and convenient, and is especially adapted for the extended modern fashions. The passengers ascend into and alight from the vehicle bymeans of a small step-ladder. It is wide enough to seat four abreast very com- fortably, and will no doubt prove a comfortable summer traveling coach. 