THE LAST KING OF DELHI. Tbe death of the ex-King at Hatigoon is tlius noticed;—' The last, of the Great Moguls, the old ex- King of Delhi, has been gathered to his lathers, though he has not been buried with them. Uis remains were interred just behind tlie mainguard, where he was confined, and in soniewliat close proximity to the' cook-houBes of the Kuropean soldiers, so that liis ghost will be able to enjoy at least the savoury smell of several luxuries which were forbidden food to him whilst living. ' Tlie old snake having been scotched, it remains • to be seen what the government will do with the young ones. They should be sent to England and placed under the surveillance of the police in some obscure town. There are four grown-up persons of the family now left at Raugoon—tbe elderly Zinnt Mahal, that old tigress; her cub, Jumma Bukht, that "interestingyoutli" wht^s believed to liaveamused liimself by shooting English ladies with a doublebarrel; his wife, who has given birth to several children since her arrival iu Rangoon ; and his brother Shah Ablins. The death of old Bahatloor Shah, which is now of course tbe great topic of discussion iu all the Indians newspapers ought, in one respect at least, to be a source of congratulation to our Indian statesmen, inasmuch as it relieves tbe British Government of one of those monstrous shams by which the late Company sought to bide from the people of England the exercise of their sovereign power in this country. Sixty years ago there might have been sotne excuse for our talking' of governing India in the name of tbe Mogul, and of deriving any rights as lord paramount from the Mogul, because the Malirattas who preceded.us at Delhi, had done tbe same, though they found tbe name of the Padsliah more useful in thwarting each other, than in controlling independent sovereigns like those of the Deccan and Mysore. But still, whatever excuse there might have been at the time for adopting such a weak aud overcautious policy, there can be no doubt that it lias been a stumbling block to the British administration ever since, and a frequent source of annoyance to successive Governors- General; whilst it lias introduced a vast amount of political cant' into all political discussions on Indian affairs, and excepting so far as jt served to veil the real power of the late Company, has proved, ever since 1603, one of the most useless, senseless, aud unnecessary items of JState expenditure tliat could possibly be conceived. The foundation of our power in'this country is tliat. of might, and of might alone. We won India by the sword, and the sword alone can deprive us of it. Every Native chief throughout, the vast Indian continent is fully aware of this fact -, and it is very long since that any one of that class has ventured to identify our rights with those of the Mogul, or to ascribe our authority to any other basis than tliat of our military power. However, the events of the mutiny have sufficiently vindicated that military power as appertaining to'the British as a nation, and not to the British as merely commanding and paying an army of sepo/s. During tbe early months of 1857, when tbe minds of the Native army were thrown into a state of wild excitement by the greased cartridge, and were ready to believe tlie most absurd rumour or fanatical lie, it was the common argument of those who instigated the rebellion that our power in India depended solely upon the sepoys themselves. Such a dream has vanished forever. The military power of Great Britain is now known and appreciated throughout the land ; and though some Native journalists have ventured to express tlieir belief that she is more than ever isolated from tlie other European States, we can state most authoritative:} that her foreign relations have not been 011 so close or so extensive a seale as they are now at any period since lftl5 ; and that there is a stronger connection, far warmer sympathies, and more frequent marriages, between the people of England nnd those of the continent in this year 18G2, than at any former period in the history of-'Eurape. But to return to the main question. It is the feebleness with which .tlie rights, of the British Government have been defined iu this country, and the frequent reference of their rights to the old Mogul sovereignty by writers who ought to have known better, that lias but too often rendered our diplomacy a mockery and a sham.- Whilit tbe Mogul was yet nominally reigning over India, wc acknowledged 6uch potentates as the King of Oude, the Nizam of the Deccan, and tbe Nabob of the Carnatic as independent Princes enjoying full sovereignty. In the case of the Nabob of. .the Carnatic, for instance, we perpetually recognised this sovereignty, not onlj in our treaties with Mohammed Ali, but in the treaty of Paris of 1763 j whilst George III sent him letters in his own hands as.to a brother sovereign. Yet in 1799 we annexed tlie Carnatic, and in 1856 we abolishqd the Nabobship, not on account of our right as existing sovereigns, but on account of the rights derived from the Mogul. Even within the last few months we have seen certain journals adopt similar grounds for defending similar proceedings. We sincerely hop-- and trust that all these fallacious arguments, which even if in accordance with the history of the past, would still be a mockery and a sham, have now for ever passed away with the dynasty of Timour, and will lie buried in the grave of Bahadoor Shah, never to be revived in any shape or form. The Viceroy derives his authority in this country from no such fancied source as that of the Mogul, but from Queen Victoria, and so does every Native Prince throngout the empire. 