THE LAST DAY AT THE EXHIBITION. On Saturday the public were admitted for the last time to the International Exhibition of 1863. Already, as an exhibition, it is a thing of the past. Those who visited it on Monday, in the character of buyers, found the Picture Galleries and Machinery Annex closed cranes erecting at the British and foreign en trances, and busy haivls removing the articled that have been sold, or ai'ran^in^ fir the dis posal of the small amount thut still remains without purchasers. To prolong the tune of closing further would have been to court a failure ami dim tin1 wl it ol a »-reat success by a uio-t lama ami impotent conclusion. It has already exceeded the span allotod 13 our former Exhibition by 17 days. Later than this month it could not have been delayed with safety to its popularity at home oi-jsatis luction to thoso whom we have invited from all parts of the world, and wlunn courtesy compelled to stay until we, as bests, had jjiven the M^nai of departure. This fareivell ijig'iial — {riven on Saturday, and before Monday closed hundreds of exhibitors took advantage ot it, and bid adieu to what has been a scene of triumph and a source of honorable profit to so many. Tho few days that have vet to run are emphatically days of sale only, for 3ho Exhibition closed on Saturday last. Beyond tho simple ceremonial of singimr our national hymn no foirnality of any kind marked tho occasion. There were crowds of visitors, though neitberrnore. nor less than might- ha t o been expected on such a miserable day. At 3 o'clock the building- seemed more full than it has ever been, save on the memorable State days, and when so much was expected and so very little seen. Some little excite ment was caused at this time by tho perma ture and entirely unexpected strains of the organ sit the east end, commencing with the National Anthem, which led the visitors pell mell back to that part of the building-. The false note of termination, however, was soon checked and popular confidence so I'm- restored 1 in the. integrity of the simple programme that every cne contentedly stood or sat round the west dome, till g-nlleries, side courts, and every place from wh:ch everything- could be :-een or heard, and very many from which little could be heard, and nothing- seen at all was thronged with thousands of visitors. • The members of the Sacred Harmonic So ciety were'partly in tho west gallery, by the [ s'de of Messrs. Walker s?nd Mr. Iledgelarid's organ among- the finest rind richest toned: in all the .building, and pi rdy,. also\ round , dais, under the' west dbme^used: at; the open :ng ontha list of May ~ As the clock strack^i;then..weir known words of", our .National "Anthem were be»un at. first with 'diUidenco/ but gradually s iv el liu fl out into a.sonnd.whicb,'if it did not fill the at least sent its clear, solemn tones I" up the nave, bringing together the scattered groups from .all.parts, hurrying d~wa on tin. j toe and bareheaded, to assist by theirpreserice | at what to all Englishmen i3 almost a religious ceremony. For a few moments after its close ( there was a pause, and then, as ?t a signal a loud cheer b.'eko forth, with clapping of hands and wivi/ig of handk- rchieis, which was renewed again and ngaiu, and 'one cheer more' led to another and a louder, till there was no method of reiiorlag silence but by tinging- 'Partant pour hi dyrie.' To this compliment lo our foreign visitors the same respectful attention was paid and the same j cheering greeted its termination, when a»'ain ' and again came the heavy rolling cbee'rhhd calls for an encore which made the build [ ing, large as it is, echo again; To this. fresh demand the members of the So | ciety kindly lent an indulgent ear, and sang- Kule Eritnnnia/ and, to do them justice, | the audience spared no effoits to make them , sing it half a dozen times mo.-e, so loud and long-sustained was their applause. But there was no response to this emphatic and vigor-' uus encore. Some concession was, however, made to popular opinion by playing ' Auld YnS_ Syne,' but even the plaintive strains of this hae old melody were soon overwhelmed and buried under the tremendous clamour with which every bell in the building- com menced nng-ino* TJiey seemed at once to open a full cry from every nook and gal lery ,■ high overhead, in side courts and main avenues, and down in secluded bays where no one dreamt that bells lay lurkin,v,—all "-ave tongue at once, filling the air \vitli such a' hideous jangle ot various sounds as ought at once to have emptied the building-; though it did not. - ° lhe pract cal question which will occur to every-Lngl s.'iman's mind, now that the. ex citement and the triumph, too, is done, is, lias it paid its way I' or, rather, will there be any such deficit as the guarantors in ay fairly be called upon to make up ? Without professing- to have any- official information on this important subject, we may safely ventnre to announce that as far as tho guarantors are concerned, the Exhibition has ' paid;' and thev will riot be called upon for a single farthing", lhere will be a deficit on receipts as compared with expenditure, as all in any way inter ested in this question have known there would ' ° f°r months past. The daily returns of money taken at the doors show a total re ceived of nearly £315,000, excluding, of course, tho admission by shilling day tickets.' The season tickets have, it is'said, realised nearly £S0,000, and the shilling tickets also a considerable sum. Altogether, the receipts Tiom every source, including- refreshment and I photographic contracts, waiting- rooms, tim I beralla stands, sales of catalogues, &cv; have been, wo believe, up to the present day within I a .very small amount of ,500,0001 stei-liim-, I and are not unlikely to be 510,000/., or oven o^OjOQOL before the final closing* of accounts after the distribution of prizes by the Prince of Wales. Tho expenses of constructing the buiklmg- according to the original plan I nnnnnni1 . .StUt 'jeeil within the ~00,0001: originally advanced by the Bank of England, though of coin-so tho Com missioners have incured the usual supplement ary estimate in the way of extras, such as the annexes, gilding, foundations' for machinery, ^2'' brings the total cost up to nearly £70,000 more. The office and staff expenses ha\ e been unusually, iudeedd almost parsi moniously low ; but road-making and hire of police account for large sums, as do also t!:e charges for receiving'goods, &c.;, in the build lngjthe redelivery of which outside the Exhi | bition will be almost as much inoro In shor1-, therefore if every claimant were paid in. full, tho guarantors would be liable for some 0 ov 10 per cent, upon the amount the_y individual]y underwrote. I ho Paris Exhibition of 1855 w.is attended in six months by 3.020,931 visitors to t,lie I industrial department, and by 000,53) visitors I to the fine arts department—in all -1,533,101, who pa'd for admission to each department the sum of £117,000. This display left a deficit larger than our surplus and which had to be made good by a grant from the Imperial Government-. 1 lie present KxhibUion has also been open six months, or 17 days longer than of '51. i I lie total number ot' visitors excludinq the stafFaud ex hibitors attendants has beenG, 117-ldO , or 87,000 over tho gross luimbers on the first j occasion. This would give the Exhibition tit.-it has just closed a majority of quit;; a milioa ovjr its predecessors while its gross j reeeipts will, v.-e believe, be between £80,000 and .±.00,000 greater than on the first occasion if we exclude from t!ie total of 1S51 the £07,-tOO subscribed throughout tho eouiUrv | jit the til at conception of the scheme ami, which I it is quite needle.ss to say was never rAmneil to tho subsci ibers. , - Notwithstanding the. famine in ouivnianu i facturing -districts—:* famine . of they worsi kind as arising from thu enforced idleness ol | tlir: people; notwithstanding the death of ilw great originator of lliu plnn with a Court ab-ent and in mourning, a w«t summer, a b.ul harvust, and -trade g'eue-al'y in suuli a vt;i£«> of depression as it lias seldom been in brfori' in ; this country, the JLxhib'.iiiwi has in all popular and practical re-nlls surpassed the liiiiit*ri<>° unapproachable standard by which all similar efforts ]i;ivo been judged the ExhiLi ion t'nf 1851\. That this result will be a hitter griev ance to the prophets of evil is 1 kely an xigly but tllj day when these could injure it is now long past and ilia Exhibiton of 18C2 will find in its results an ample answer tiull detraction and ill-will. F.xmAonDiNATiY Fkat. — One day at Nibol's celebrated Garden in New York, where the liayel Family and Blondin, weru.. engaged in fulfilling a successful enngemnnn the ordiriiry morning leliearsnl was agreeably.: enlivened by a novel incident-;—A. performance "illustrative of some of the Bedouin Arabs, was being' gone through, ready Ibi- that even ing's programme, und at ft (.'articular stiigo.. of the business o^e person represented a pnV soner sin-rounded by si crowd ot'soldiers armed . with muskets and fixed bayonets, from the'midst. of which he had to clear himself by a vigorous; , leap. Antoine Raxe', who was to make the > jump, wns busily re-arranging the grouping . '.'of tlm soldiery, in not being exactly to his.-, mind, the Monsieur Blondin, attired in ordi nary citizen's costume, stood close by, watch- , inn with a curious eve the slow progress of affairs.. Suddenly, by one of these erratic impulses which at times come over liiin and imp: 1 Jiim to attempt the most hazardous en terprises, and without the slightest iiit:iri:. mation of his intention, he took three or four hurried steps, and then with a tremendous bound thi'3w a double summersault over the entire group—Antoine. soldio:s, muskets, and a!l—and instantly subsided into his former attitude of repose, as though he had done no thing at all out of the way and the moving mass of bayonets were only so many bulrush es.— Bunls Life of Blondin. Dn. Gcodali., of Eaton.—Thii gentle man was prcverbially t'ond of punning. About the same time that he was made Pro vost of Eaton, he.received also a stall at Windsor. A young lady of his acquaintance, while c ingratulating bun on his elevation and1 requ' ting him to give the young kdius of Eaton and Windsor a ball during the vacation happen d to touch his wig with her fan, and caused the powder to fly. about. Upon which the doctor exclaimed—' My dear, you sou yoii can tret tho powder out of the cannon but not the ball.,— Capt. Gvonom.s Jteminismeces. The Eoniiig.v Old Gentleman.— Your little old men abroad live, when they are to be found extant at all, to a prodigious age. They si em to bo subject to the same mummi fying influences as the bodies of the old monks in S.cily. They grow very yellow, very withered, their bones seem to crack as they walk, but they don't die. Take my friend Estremadurn, for instance. I lime known Senor Ramon de Estremadura ever since I can remember the knowledge of anything. That Hidalgo knew my papa, and he has Licet dead five-and-thirty years. Estremadura was so old when I was a childe that the nurses used to frighten me with him, I have met him ofr and on in almost every capital in Europe. Only this summer, drinking tea with certain friends, there came a bride though tremulous little knock at the door. 'Econtez,' cried tho lady of the house; ' that surely is Estroina dura's knock.' There was a cry of derisive amazement. Everybody agreed that lie lnid been dead ten years. Somebody had seen an account of his funeral in the newspapers. But tho door opened, and Estremadura made his appearance. He was the same as ever. The same yellow face, black bead-like eyes, innumerably wrinkles, fixed grin; the sams straw hat, grass-green coat, white trousers, and big stick—his unvaryirg costume ever since I had known him. How you do? was his salu tation to me. ' Ver well since I saw you hiS5f> V I had not seen him for fifteen yours. He chatted, anil talked, and drank tea. lie was. asked whence he came?. l'Yoin Rome. Whither, ho was going? To Stockholm. He was charming; yet wo could not help fuel ing, all of u -, as though we were sitting ia the presence of a facetious phantom—of n jocular ghost. It is rather a relief when ha skipped awn}', and was seen no more. I won der whether ho'will ever turn up again. It is clear that Estremadura is ninety, if he is a day oi l; yet I dare say he will read an ac count of my death, if anybody takes the trou ble to advertise that fact in the newspapers, and say, 'Alio 1 and so he die. Eli ! I knew his goo'J papa ver' well.'— All the Year Hound. llollow.ii/s Pills.—Dismiss vour doubts — Let no one be longer oppressed with the notion that his milady is incurable till these puri'ying Pills have had a (air trial. When ordinary preparations have failed, these pills have been, used with the most marked success. A course of this admirable medicine clears- the Mood 1'ioai all impurities and improves its qudity. The whole system is thus benc!itt"d through, the usual channels, without reduction of strength, shock to the nerves, or any other in convenience; in I act health is mnewed by natural means. For curing diseases of the throat, windpipe, and chest, these Pills have preeminently established a world-wide fame, and in complaints of the stomach, liver, and kidneys, they are equally efficacious.—Ado. Ausinthi:.—;Wehave mentioned the word absinthe, familarly called abs, in speaking of the Cabaret JSiquet. Widely ns the cus tom has prevailed lately of drinking the per nicious spirit, its consumption is nowhere steadily persevered in as a certain drum-shop in the Quartier Saint-Jacques, where, from four to six o'clock every afternoon, uo matter whether it bo wet or fine, twenty yotinr uim, the members of a society called Lo Club des Absintheurs, assemble to drink as m icli absinthe as their heads will carry. Un enter ing the club, which is restricted to • twenty, who cause vacancies only by death— a condition, probably, of frequent occurrence -—each new member swears, us his CO-111 i tes have done, never to drink or get drunk on anything but absinthe, nnd ibis o:ith they strictly 'keep. Wo have beard much of this fatal liqueur. M. i.elvau describes its eifeuis in these words:—' The drunkenness cau absinthe resembbs no other drunkeness knew.i. It is not tho heavy intoxication of beer, tho fierce mildness caused by brandy, or the j. vil humour produced by wine. iSo! It ta!o> yon off your legs at, glass, it fastens on your'shoulders wings of the widest sweep, ' jind you. sail off'into a country wiiheiK lni.it . or'horizon, liut, iitj the fame time, w tlioui. ■ light or poetry;.. You think, like-all g-cat drurttners? thiit you arc stretching away to words the infinite, and like sill great mmi minis vou are only: tending to tho incoherent. Gwa't dreamers are groat exulorci's, and bring 'nek iorau treasures from these excursions in i" the land-.ot tho -ideal, btiv' tlw absinthe s-inker .-returns : -from Lis journey in'o ihe S:iimi-a hden only with:lrcbetiliTV, iF not with wirings: .-Thi-i-e nre five . hunfii-il of these -_-iiifs of ;ierc!:won-in Pans.—All the Year A. KovaL Fu.veiiai/.—Tho.Kinpf of Benin is j-ist'ImkI and h;s son proposes to inter him -vvirii unusual splendour. When ft kins d if"! hei'a n grave is dug in the eouit-yard or some v.-heris near the■'roval wi'.nvam. It must be hollowed so deep that the diggers are drotvnrd by the water which-bursts in npon them, and theie they lie, (liter concluding their work. Into this great hole tho {indoors !o\vt the royal corpse, robed 'in all its barbaric finery, with lance, sword, bow,; hud arrows; With the (lnad king are immolated nil his favourites at,d sci'vanis who are supposed to follow him to the other world;-nnd serve him there; their presence being deemed necessnry to complete his everlaMing happiness. So far from regard ing this practise us a cruelty or oven a neccesary evil, the victims are said to be proud of the distinction, nnd the most violent disputes arise as to who shall have the bono: of entombment. When the Inst man has -!escended into the grave an immense stone is placed over it. A fi'W days later, it is removed. One of tho great dignitaiies of the state goes to the mouth of the chiism, and asks in a loud voice, ' Who has gone ft> servp the king ? ' The poor wretshes boli.nvrwhn !•!•« t^-pirinby inches, reply ac cording to the circumstances Each succeed ing day the Mini" ceremony is gone through, nnd the same .'qiwstion asked till all in that feorrnl ;.'it. hai'e joined" the king to serve him in the othoi- viorh:—dead of hunger or the n;..rini>s mitisma of the vault. When no voice responds to the inquiry of the fiadoorthe great si.ill is securely r'a.-teiied a huge n:e is made upo;: it to roast the flesh of nn elephant which is distributed among theniultitude who throng to the festival. Un the first anniversary of the death of their king, these wretches in honour of 'heir late soveiv.my: and his too faithful fol lowers. make > dreadfill sacrifice of men and animals;- Never less than five hundred human beings are siauu'lilsied, aud frequently thou sands are■ massacred '.<> form a hecltoin!) to the manes of thi-ir dead monarch. Tlu majority of those sacrificed -are- malefactors, or slaves i' m w«i. If a sufficient number of cither are not; forthcoming, the king sends his ' fair v;raa''.Fs ' into tii-i st.rec.ts by niuht to decoy or ',2 I'rl) *''1 t'l.O complement is made up.— fftiue's Yc ;vo /Jrince, 