NEW ZEALAND. | BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.J Via Sydney, 11th September. By the Claud Hamilton, from Auckland, we have intelligence to the 1st instant. The Maories still continue in force near Drury. and are attack ing the settlers. On the 17th of August, the military attacked the Kohere rifle pits, and succeeded in driving: out the natives. The steamer Avon, after having thrown a con siderable quantity of shell into the Meremcre pah, was obliged to stop without affecting the desired object. On the 25th Ausuft, a party of two hundred Maories attacked the working party of the 40th Regiment, and seized their arms. A reinforce ment shortly after arrived, when the Maories iled, leaving one killed. Privates M'Givcring and another were killed. The Government have purchased an additional number of gunboats and three vessels.-Age. A LARGE FIRE BALLOON was successfully let off by Professor Rea from the Temperance Hall, last night, about seven o'clock. The weather was very favorable, being clear and calm, and the balloon rose to a good height, and sailed grace fully away towards the AVhipstick. The last Marionette entertainment will take place to-day, and an afternoon performance for schools and families will be held in the af ernoon. The exhi bition is an imusement which will cause the greatest delight to the youngsters. LYCEUM THEATRE.-"We see that to-ni^ht will be the last of the performances of Mr. Hall, in his celebrated monologue. Messrs. Cox and Varley, the managers of the theatre, in their scarch after novelty, to keep faith with their patrons, have, it will be observed by advertisement, succeeded in effecting an engagement with the veritable " ghost" of Pepper-at least the only real, or rather shadowy representative of that spectral illusion in the colony. The ghost will make its first appearance on the Lyceum boards on Monday. RIVERIXA.-Our correspondent informs us, writing under date the 10th instant, that the Lady Daly is due at Echuca on the loth, and that the Gundagaiis expected soon. The Farmers' Hotel, on the Lower Loddon, is still flooded, and the roads between Echuca and Swan Hill are in an abominable condition. Great credit is due to the ; Messrs. Patchell, o( Kerang, for having crccted a bridge over the Loddon. INQUEST.-An inquest was held yesterday, at the Limerick Castle Hotel, Sandhurst, on the body of a child two months' old, named Ernest Slarke. From the evidence of the father and mother, it appeared that the child slept on a little bed four or five inches higher than their bed next to the wall, close to the mother. At five o'clock yesterday morning the mother felt the baby cold, and fearing it was dead sent for Dr. Atkinson, who examined it when he arrived and said it was dead. The jury returned a verdict that deceased came by his death in consequence of having been accidentally oveilain by his mother in hed during sleep. They weie also of opinion that the prac tice of using those small beds or mattresses over the mother's bed " are dangerous," for upon ex amining deceased, with the Coroner and Dr: Atkinson, they observed a spot of blood upon the sheet where the mother lay and close to the child's bed, and evidently where the child's head had fallen into from off the small bed he was placed on by the mother, and so got crushed dur ing the night. WIDOW'S RELIEF FUND.-Mr. Sharkey, hon. secretary of the fund about being raised for the relief of the widows of Michael Eager, Thomas Notman, and John Lynch, killed at the Shotover, has sent- us the following names of collectors in the above behalf:-Fred. Hickey and J. M'Mahon, Myers' and Deahhorse Flats; Geo. Sage and J. Sharkey Sydney Flat and Napoleon Gully ; D. Hagarty and B. C. M'Gauran, Sailors' Gully and Specimen Hill; John Oonnell and John Curtan, Red and Blue Jacket; M.Ward and. J. M'Mahon, Eaglehawk Flat and Job's. Gully; John Scanlan and M. Tuck, Catherine Reef and Eaglehawk; Michael Lynch and J. Kelcher, Iluntly and Epsom; W. Simpson and J. Donnellan, Sebastian; John Grogan and James Renny, California and Long Gully; M. Darcy and J. Meany, Derxvent Gully and Kangaroo Flat; Mr. F. H. Twigge has been appointed col lector in Sandhurst. It, is requested that all donations may be handed in before Monday, the 21st September, as; a committee meeting will be held on tiiat day so as to close accounts. ? ; BEI>DIGO AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION.-At a meeting of the Association, held in the chairman's room in the Town Hall,, present Messrs. Ray mcnt(Chairman, pro lem.), Suyer, Lloyd, Kraemer, .Qohn, Gay.. Buckley, Hocking, Mac artney, Hodgkinson, and Townsend (hon. sec.), it. was agreed, tohold the show on. the 25th of October. Tlie meeting also .decided to alter the rule appointing a committee of twelve to'eighteen, five to form a quorum, instead ofthree as hereto fore. The following six gentlemen were then elected as members of committee, viz.; Messrs. G. J. Walker, E. Row. J. Iloldsworth, II. Bar row, A.M. Lloyd, and Edward O'Keefe.'. The meeting was adjourned to the 17th instant, when the prize committee will, bring up their final report. 