HE BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUBLISHED DAl.LT PROGRESSION,. OUR RIGHTS, AND OCR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, WEDNESDAY, DEC 9, 1863. ELECTION EXPENSES. THE abstract of candidates' expenses at the last election for Mandurang ?which, appeared in this journal last Saturday, deserves a'passing notice, a3 being the last publication of the kind under the old electoral system, the last Testige of which has now passed away. The public have lost another institution ; Election Auditors are no more ; the last Election Auditor has given up his ghost of an office, and henceforward a candidate's expenses will be a matter between him and his conscience, his bank, his agents, and possibly, now and then, a Parliamentary election committee. If there has ever -been any curiosity on the part of the public to ascer tain how much or how little expenditure candi dates confess to, and which way the money has gone, what influential and active committee men have condescended to turn a penny by sending in their little bills, ranging from the ridiculously insignificant pittance of ten shillings to the respectable figure of six pounds, for services rendered to the candidate of their souls as clerks -yea, as messengers-which of the candidates has been the most victimised in the clerical services line, which of them has displayed the greatest magnanimity in paying cab-hire for the . conveyance of his opponent's voters to the poll- all tliis little impertinent curiosity 'will hereafter remain un satisfied, for the last of those abstractions the Election Auditor has published, no doubt with a sigh, the last of his abstract, and his place knows him no more. We don't much regret the Election Auditors ; we don't know what good they ever were, we never could exactly see what they did for their money. Something the Act which appointed them evi dently expected they would do, and if the letter of the Act had not been grossly incon sistent with its spirit' these nominal censors of electioneering morals might certainly have exercised a beneficial control over election agents, and saved to some extent the candi dates' pockets and public virtue. Not that we would insinuate that upon this goldfield at least there has ever been anything like actual bribery and corruption, or even treating, but when we hear it reported that candidates have on more than one occasion been bled to the extent of £500 and £600 for elec tion expenses, we may make a shrewd guess at the shabby peddling misappropriation of candidates' cash which must have been going on. If can didates had been compelled under the. old Act to hand their election accounts to the Election Auditors, accompanied by a solemn declaration that they had sent in every account for every penny paid or owing by them for election ex penses, and had the Election. Auditors been' enjoined to lay every case of proved or sus pected irregularity before the Attorney-General, the penal clauses of the Act would have been of some effect and the .Election Auditors-.would have exercised a wholesome check upon the folly or recklessness or want of principle of electioneering agones. As matters stood, how ever, tinder the Act, the Election Auditors, through no fault of tlieira, were the merest shams,' except when the pleasant time arrived for their sending in their demands upon 'the Miscellaneous Estimates for the £5 or £10 .a candidate, as the case might be. ; . The fact ia that there has never been any' sincerity amongst any class of politicians in tlie legislature in the attempt made time .after time to preserve purity of election by the re-" straining influence of a penal law. Little delinquencies in tlio nature of indirect bribery and venial treating seem to have been winked at by legislators all round. It has been give and take upon this common ground of what if not right may be convenient. The election ex penses of tlio most rabid republican would pro bably as little stand the test of a rigorous examination as tlio little election bills of the xnoat bigoted candidate of the Victorian Asso ciation, and HO by common oonsoni and with a quiet recognition of the wisdom of thi? old saw | -tlio lesa Baid, the sooner mended-although thero havo boon . election committees on j the grovind of personation and other irregularities, no one of our patriots .in or out. pf^JParliamoiit,.has., jet .plucked up courage , enough, to, raiso .this devil of'election bills with all' their little thinly disguised delin quencies. " The fact "again' is,"tliat~ tho law against bribery-even the law" as it now exists, is hypocritically puritanical; to malto canvass ing by a paid agent .bribery and a penal offence is something monstrous. ' In this sense there never yet was an election at which bribery was not committed, knowingly so too; hence the Subterfuges of messengers and clerks and. so on, in which guiso active and influential committee men and canvassers put their hands into the pockets of their candidate. It it really necessary that elections in this free and enlightened country, with no landlord influence or aristocracy worth mentioning to contend against, should be so expensive to can didates ? £128 is not much, perhaps, for a seat in Parliament for one short session, nay, the thing is rather cheap at the price than otherwise ; but £229 for no, seat at all is pay ing rather dear for a whistle. The work of an election is penalty enough for any reasonable man to pay, without having to throw away his money with both hands. Let it be remembered that the £128 and tho' £229, thevtotals we are how referring to, arc ---.tho amounts * con fessed to; add to these the expenditure j which, some how or other, does occur in the best regulated elections, but the items of which it may not be expedient to reveal to the world, at least until the three months have expired within which claims upon candidates can be made, or actions brought, and prosecutions in stituted against them, and' we should probably have a very respectable array of figures indeed. The candidate who gets in has some consolation for a wrench upon liis puree, which at first, even to him, must be as pleasant as having a tooth drawn. He has the present to console him. It is something to have the eniree of the Houses, something to have a railway bone ; it is a great deal more to be free of the Govern ment departments-to have ready access ? to every Minister whenever a constituent has a grievance ; it is, again, something to have the privilege of shivering in the icy atmosphere of Toorak, and of being a welcome partaker of those gorgeous hospitalities of which ministers in Victoria, Chief Secretaries especially, are so lavish. And then there is the future to cheer a legislator, even if' hon. members won't cheer his speeches. ...In-, time, if he is, clever and lucky and can wait, he may be tho leader of a party; in time, if he can only succeed in making himself sufficiently disagreeable, he may liimself be a minister. These are the conditions . of the successful, but what has tho unsuccessful candidate to show for his money, what by way of set-off to that constantly recurring question, what might not have been done with that £300 or £400. of his, which his very good friends.so kindly expended for him ? . . . - 