THEATEIOALS AND MUSIC XIXKATRE BOXAK. Bhakjpenre has beon in the asoendant at this theatre since our last notico. Thero was, to be euro, an amateur performance last Tbnrpday night wcok, which interposed itself between the regular busineaa operations of tho establishment, nnd whioh was not ohronlcled in these columns It: was an amusing affair enough, in that it demonstrated how greatly the ambition of amstour actors sometimes exceeds tht ir powers. The house, howover, waa well filled, and. a- tho procoeds of tho performance are to go to auumont tho fund ra'eed for tho relief of the widows and orphans'of thoao unfortunate men who perished in the wreck of tho Orpheus, the exertions of this newly formed oompany, which is, in future, to bo distinguished by tbs nama of the ill-fated ship, are, 10 far, satisfactory. On Fatnadsy night wo had the three-act version of ' A Tamine of a Shrew.' On somo f utttro occasion, possibly, Mr. SalHvan will rovivo this comedy unshorn of ita proportions, including tho induction, which, somo years aro, wa? represented at tbo Hay market, -Londou ? Moantlme, howover, tho theatre-going publio may very well content it Bolf with tho compressed edition, which un doubtedly contains all tho fun, and which judging by. its recent effects, la irrssfBtible in provoking the risibilities of an audience. It went, as the, phr.-.se In, with an uproarious bucocbs, and no farce, though ever bo surcharged w:th oddly oontrived situations, over kept people in a more continuous roar, man did this comedy 0 Shakspoare'a. On Siturday, and the two otlior nlgbta upon whioh it was played, Jlr, Sullivan threw himself into all tho spirit ofthapartof Petrnchio, and his whip kopt everybody moat actively alive about him. Tho supper icono was tho rarest and drollost of pastimes, and tho cook wos the. funniest make-up of a conipoundcr of eatables that one may hap to soe in a long ex perienoo, 'Whon he fell, in bi« ludicrous efforts to escape the whip, it was a Bight to see. Mr. Collingwood is to be ooneratulatcd upon linviojr mado literally bo much of this part. Mrs. Heir playod Katherino with plenty of proper vhacity, and her conversion to obedience was represented naturally and gradually. The littlo episode bo twoen her and Qrumio, whorein sho entreats of that worthy squiro to givo her something to eat, was very amusing. But, indeed, wheie there was so much to divert, it Is difficult to say what had the chief share in provoking those pleasant contractions of the diaphragm, which aro said to prodlsposa to a healthy obesity. Tho scone between. Gritmio and tho tailor, was, of courao, one of these provocatives, to which Mr. Toung and Mr. Andrews respectively contri buted. As tho tailor, tho latter offered an excel lent contrast to .'the cook. His leanneBS made one feel quite cold, and ho stammered in so natural a manner, that it waB almost Impossible not to Imitate him. On Wodnesdiiy, ' Twelfth *ight'waji substituted for 'The Taming of a Shrew,' and was givjn with all that care and atlontion which are tbe characteristics of all that ia done under tho present management. The conspiracy against tho unfortunate Malvolio was most divertingly carried on, as may bo supposed with Mr. Lambert aa Sir Toby, Mr. Charles Young .is Bir Andrew, that very promising young actress— Misa Earl-as Matia, and Mr. Ireland as Fabian. Mr. Holr waa well fitted with a pirt in, Malvolio, and ho only required to have mado It a littlo more absurdly solf-aufflolent, and it would have lacked littlo short of complote nosa. It was, nevertheless, well studied, and utelligontly developed. Of Mrs. Heir's Viola It is almost reodloaa to say more, than that it was characterised by the saino ploaslng manner as has not seldom boen displayed by her in this part. M/S3 Boaa Dunn's Olivia, bating certain deficiencies (or which thla moat charming actress is not responsible, was in proper fulfilment of ita reqniremorils. Hor sudden love, for Cesario was ao ^delicately manifestod; and bo modestly declared, that it badno seinMunco of forwardness tout it. Mr. Andrews mado' of tho clown a philosopher in motley, and freed him from any quality of buffoonery 1 and tho rest of tho parta were suatoined with most commendablo pains taking. Shakspoaro, howovor, has not reigned promo, although vary properly takiog too chief pl*co. That pretty littlecomedy, 'Charles the Second,' hau been played for soveral nights, and it has served welt to remind tho audience of somo of Mr. Lambert's peculiar excellences in parts of which Captain Copp may bo Bald to bo a fair represent .tivo.' Tho coninl, Itr'gti-hcartcd old man ia a charaotor in which Mr. Lambert exoels bo greatly as to be without a rival on the colonial stage He teotnP, in such parta,' to overflow with good nature, nud. to aot as tho leaven of good will and good feeling wherever he goes. It fa like fresh air and exer cise to see such a character. It mnkos ono tliink' better of banian nature, (.nd ia the best possible antldoto to cynicism Ami misanthropy. nOlil IIAYJIAIIKBT. ' Jlaobetb,' with thirteon ghosla, has' been the novelty of tho week. Tlioro is a story of a company ol amateurs playing a particular piece, for no other reason than because a lantern hnd to be introduced in ono of tho E:onc.i, nnd booauso one of tho company bad a lautcrn whioh corre sponded to that dirootod to be used. On 'this principle, ' Macbeth' has been played. ' Tho' ghosts represent the lnntorn in: this instance. There was no other apparont reason why tho ordinary business of this establishment should bo dopnrted from. Melodramas, farces, nnd bur lesques were obviously the staple, commodity to bo expected from the management; bnt, lo, tbo ghost business turns up, and presently ' Mat bcth' is in the bills.' Doubtless, wo shall now have tho whole rango of tho Shakspoarian plays produced, in which tho supernatural element is concerned, 'Hamlet' will probably bo tho next tragedy, and the ghost of Hamlet'a fathor .will stalk the Btai;e as it liai never stalked It before. When Marccllus strikes it with his par tiznn, he will out through its immateriality with a proper amount of wonderment on tho pnrt of his companions. Then will corao 'Julius Omar' and/iu ghosti then ''Elchnrd Iho Third,' and tho bedside spectres ; then ' Henry tho Eighth,' wlih Queen C»Uierine'B dream, all grouped npon tho glass. The ghosts, in fact, willsustsin n com plete 'roundof cbaraoterf,' to that if Shokspearo has but scant honours paid him, Professor Pepper will bo in high favour, and. scionce, in his dis covery, will bo honoured and olevntcd. It. is, perhnpsy not the best polioy,- however, that the manasoment bn9 ' commenced with. '' Macbeth' and thirteen ghosts. The publio will not liko to como down to ' Hamlet' and . ono ghost. It would hnve been better to begin with ono or two, and eradunlly aseond to, the higher numlrary and the olimax mlRbt bo readied by getting up a pioce composed of nothing but ghosts, aftor the manner of Foneloh'g 'Btialognos of the Dead,' one of which consists1 of a splrltod conversation carried on bqtwoan'Ilbaa'nmanthn?, Cato, and Sclpio, and ia whjctli th^y.oome to tho conclusion that the hljjhfct flrtuainTB marred by nn uu amiable and snappish Iffmour. Wo might bave eomo most Intoroetinpr soenes In this way, nnd, vulgarly speaking, tnko tho Bblno altogether out 0/ tho spiritualist people,' who soldom ' attempt any thing beyond fragmentary ghosts, hands and feet, and tho like. ? This hlntia presented gratis to whomsoever, chooses to avail himself of it, and Bob. como immortal. , , rnr.TCEss xiteatiie. Tboro is a toothsome beverago sold in London, known under tho designation of ' all Borts.' It ia neither gin, rum, brandy, wbiBky, nor old torn, pure and simple, but it consists of a variously proporlioned mixture of theso several comforting liquids, and, perhaps, ngrceably reminds those who solace thomselves with, it, of tne individual excellences of which it I3 com pounded. The poUlent 'connoisseur,- therefore, whoso desirea aro greater than, his means, can gratify his tastes at comparatively email cxprnse. Ho may indulge in all four of tbo liquors just specified, at tho prico of ono of them, so that all sorta ' ia a favourite drink, as may bo Bap posed. ' Astragalus, Kins x-r the Alps,' soems to have beon written much on the same principle aa that which inspired tho happy inventor of all sorta.' It contains dramatio elements of every variety. Ita rango ia from tragedy down to— or up to, whichever it may be— ballet. It Is operatic in places, very farcical at times, nnd anon it resembles high domestic' comedy. It contains ingredients of the supernatural order in tho person of a gnome, wboso agenla are certain1 lSi5r0siing creatures clad in gauzy raiment, and who oxocuto his bidding, much in (lie same way as Ariel obeys tho behests of Prospcro. The principal business of this mysterious being, how ever, appears to bo— so far as thia particular story Is concerned— to biing to his Benses an *orrib'° Ecnlleman nanlo.d HappelkpfT, who whole world is in a conspiracy to ducui? u;° seace or to assault his person. His house is kept ia a continual ferment, and his wife, children, and Bervanta tremblo in his prosenco like slaves bbTore a bashaw of three tails. Ha flings missiles at their heads, and ' unpacks Ills heart with cursing 'to such an extent that tho whole busi ness of his life may bo doscribed as one continued anathema. Ho has bad two wivea previously to tbo ono who nppeara among tho dramatis nnionx, both of whom it is understood that ho has so disgusted with existenco that they, have died as the only escopo from his increasing irritability. This is, perhaps, an exaggeration on tho part of tho drnraatlat. Uaually, tho condi tioua are reversed, and any woman who is not a match with a man at nagging, is an exception so rare that she ought to be honourably mentioned, and rega ded aa a curiosity. Perhaps tbe author of tbii niece met two Buch women, andsolmmor tahaed them, as tho ghosla of Mrs. llappelkoft' first anil second. Fpr thero nro ghosts in this ?extraordinary play, as will bo soeu. Thoy are not patont phoBls, however. They eamo in tho good old-fashioned, style, and looked altogether jnuro spectral than tho plate-glass ghosts. This, however, by way of paronthesla. Rappolkof grows nt last so weary of tbo sooioty of hia fellows, that he betakes himself to a foreat in tli3 neighbourhood, where ho' Is not, to bis .limiting, likely to be diotnrbcd.nnd.fora tlme.ho Is not disturbed, and, bo far as it is possible for a mlsaathrono to bo hannv. hn pninvn MinanTf Rut tbo gno-ao, otherwlso A6trngalus, the King of tho Alps, finds him out, and in Iho coursa of a cooTenatlon which ensues between them, tells ilin he is an ass, n dolt, a fool, on obstinate pig leaded fellow, whoso unbapplneta Is all' caused -y hu own porvereo ill-tompor. Mr. Rappelkoff, like all, othor peoplo who are In tho wrong, resents ?this freo speaking, nnd tells tbo gentle man who has forced his company on him, and who rstoa him so soundly, to go to tho devil; Apparently ho does so, for be has no sooner left than he raises two ghosts, irad gets up n thnuder storm nnd an inundation, so that Mr. lUppelkofl gives himself up for lost. Thcso terrible dis-' tnrbnnciB, however, aro only brought about for tho purnoso of duly impressing Mr. II. with a tBiiso of his guest's superiority, for he brings a loot and takes nw»y the misanthrope, just as tho lood seems about to drown him utterly. Th s done, ho transforms him into somebody olso, whereby ho may see how absurdly he oonducts himself in tho boaom ofhla famllv. Fina'U. hn (rings about his reformation, and Mr«. Rappel [off the third lg moilo a bappy woman, Miss Rappolkoffis allowod to marry tho man of her choice, and tho Koppelkoff domestics gonorally, are, for tho rest of their service, treated with reasonable consideration. The flual scono dIiowb all the icharactorB brought by. magical influence Into the cave of the gnome, who addresses somo words of advice to them on their future general lehnviour, anil then tho curtain comet down. Ther» is ouo charaoter in tho piooa whoso mission t Ib rather dlffioult to divine. Ho is a dumb ellow, bf acrobatic tendencies, anil one of hia feats conahta 1 In kidnapping 'a littlo child nnd carrying it bit to the mountains whore hn takeaa bag of ropn«y from it, which had been fastened about ii for security, and is on tho point of cutting Its throat, whon tho young ladies in gauze como in and divert bis attention by dancing round him nnd mnklncr him giddy. In 10 end he cornea lo dooorved grief, for somebody shoots Mm, Ho eoema to, bo a connexion of a amily wIiobo patronymla is Qlow-worm,' tho' bead of which Is a cbnrcotilburner, and somo of whose donifstio ooncorns euflice to fill up tho ntervnls in the story proper. Mrs. Glow-worm Ia a Inijy of 1I10 Mrs Oummldga stamp, but tholr eldest daughtor la plump and comfortable, and appoars to ho ou tbo point of matrimony.' We tiust wo have moilo tbo plot and general signifi cation of ' Astragclus' quite clear, thwgb, I we have, wo havo doiio ? what we have ioen unable to accomplish aa regards ourselves. ut it is altogether such a delightfully luooheront ece, and It abounds with such a multitudo of characters and scenes cbarmingly.lndependent of each othor, that tho only proper modo to adopt n contemplating it, is (0 abandon oneself to the influenoo of tho hour, and toko everything aa it comes without questioning either Ita purpose, ita meaning, or its connexion. * Moroover, thoro is eaaant occupation enough In remarking that Mr, Fawcott brings out the misanthrope's leculltritlea with amusing disJJnotocia, that Iss Uojo Edouin plays prettily and imuolly a iletnreBque young person not at all essential to 10 etory; that her cistcr Julia is ono of tho iRhtest and moatgraooful of littltf fairies; that Jaias JuariM Dunn Ia another f»iry, graceful also, and sensibly «poken withal j that Jlr. Willio iidouln is wondorfully elastic: and springy, as 10 infadticldal dumb aorobat s that Mrs. Gill ia tho very pattern of an obedient wifo: that; Mr. lien is properly rough and blbuloua as tho dram-lovlngcharooal-burner; that Miss Nnylor quite justifies tho cholco of her lover, aa artist, and thorefore a m»n of taste j and thnt, In short, oyorybody olso doos his or her beat, to mako the piooa aa accoptabla aa possible. As an af terploco have had a revival of the burlesque of 'Modes,' with MIa« Julia Mathows as Jaion Everybody, of course, i» glad -h« na« no! gone to New Zonhnd, butoait iaqillo certain that »ho Is going, and as thla is said to be hot final faro woH of a Victorian audience for a very,lonB time. It Is qulto to bo expected that .he ahould ottraeb a good many pooplo'to take ieavo of her. For aho Is one of tho very speolal favourltoa of the ?.Melbourne ? public, and oho dosorves woll tho 'applausa. which nightly., greets., her.. In hor own lino she stands foromost. Ab a burlesquo aotrnn, and ta a representntivo ol wha aro technically undotftood as ' chambermaid s parts, Bbo may bo said to hold liar own without, a competitor. 'Sho is singularly woll endowed as to hor vocal powers. : Tharo is a strength and a putlty In somo of her notos waich no colonia Bongstro58 can equal, and when she allows be.-aelf to bo perfeotly natural, alio can exhibit an abun danoo of humour. It aeems a pity, Indoed, that sho is going away at all, bnt, perhap.', we thai value hor all tho raoro whf n sho comes back, and — mavbap— aho thinks it nocefsary to absont herself awhile, by way of ;ivlug u- an oppetita for t,ho nloaBure that is to como. Mr. l'awcolt's Model is well known.' In it bo revols in tho flncat trayotis. Ho plunges into tbo most comical extrav»ganeo, and he caricatures most exquisitely tho peculiarities of that l«(ly whose alleged eucce'n in London is ono of . those mysteries whioh aro to bo explained only by those who know the direction of tho-' under currents of the theatrical world, and who aro able to forecast tho destiny of new aspirants to puhlio favour by knowing the extent of their diplomatic rolitions with the arbiters of tho:r dostinles. Truly tho race is not unto tho Bwlft. ; . ' Mr. Lova— ouphonious na'i.e— son of the Love, tho polypboniat of London, of whom so many thousands have pleasant recollections, and whose ontortalnments are among some of tbe many delightful remembrances which sometimes causo ono to think regretfully of home and all wo have left behind us, baa aucoecded 10 Mr. Birch at this ulaco of popular recreation, and is now giving performances A lasonpire, to ths great gratlfl cttlon of those who frequent this establishment. His buooois has been very .'manifest. . pnovxaiciAK. BAtLAARAT.— Mr. H. J. Hall, tho Poly phoList, has been performing at the Hoynl during tho week. . . JiENnioo — Tlio Cntnpboll Minstrels opened at the Lyceum on Monday evening. Castlemaine.— The followlupr is condensed from Tuesday's Mail :—' The Sandhurst Dramatic Company, under the management of Messrs. Cox and V»rley, opened ' last ovonlnp; In tho great sensation drama, tho ' Peep o' Day,' * * ? Of tho performance it would ho impossible to rpeak in too laudatory a manner. Miss Kite Wardn's Barney O'Toolo was an ml ml ruble per formance; hor 'Shan Van Voght' gaining a rap turous encoro. Tdo part of Kathleen ICavunacb was truthfully rondered by Mn.W^niU. Mrs. H. II. Cox wrs thoroughly cbarac'.eriatlo as Molshce. 1 Miss Leako was very plowing at Mary Grace. Mr. R. Cox and Mr. J. H. VinBon woro inlmitablo in their delineations of Harry Kavanagh and Black Millions ; and Mr. DM was nil that could bo (loMreJ as O'Cloary, tho priest, In short, tho picco w«9 well playod throughout, and we ciiuot but congrntnlnto tbo management upon preseutlng bo aoceptahlo a performance to the Castlemaino public. Thoy deserve, as no doubt thoy will receive, every support. Tho admirable farce, ' Ab Llko rs Two Peas,' was very pleasingly played, nnd wound up an exceed ingly pl-asant ontertainment.' Mr. Shiol Barry, the Irish comedian, will apprar on Monday noxt. ,' Geeloko.— Tho Howson family have been at Geclong during tbe past week. . ' ' ' ? ?- COLOKIAJ,. Donedi-j.— Tho Olago Timit,ot 7ih August, records that there was not a good houss at tbs Thotitre Royal, last ovenlng, dtspito tho f»ot Mr. Coppin took his flrtt bonefit iu New Zealaud ; and Boeing that tbo attendance was so tbin, it is a consolation to bo nblu to add that the streets were mifiBrably sloppy (roui frt quonfc ahowors. ' Tho Sorious Family,' to be thoroughly BuccceB«ful, requires poculiatly finished acting in many of tbe characters, whioh weie 1 ot well played la»t ovcmiiR. Mr. Coppin was rather too comic a hypocrite to bo tho trno Ainiiiadab Sleek, but he was very amusing, and did hi) full sharo in BecuringthesicccsBof tho pUce. MK Coppin was loudly called for after tho fs.ll of the ourtain. When tho applause hai Bubsldcd, ho said La^ici and Gentlemen,— Allow me to thank you very briefly for this complimout. I nm greatly ji.db'ed for your attendance ?ipon euoh a wot, d»rk, ui.4 muddy ovenlng. 1 regret extremely thata wa,.tot patfOtul!B..SJi -.h»rcircumstand ea, rendora it necessary that I tlionld 'onuK »uii 8Ck80nto a promaturo close. 1 he fact is, that I am not in » position to support a continuous los?, and when I assure you that the amount 0 money I received for the Bell Rlngeis'onterlnln uienla was insufHcitut to p»y eventh6lrtravclllng expensoB, I am sure you will agree with me that discretion is tho better part of valour, and lhat I had bettor move on. This is the more remark, able, as in every oilier place of itnporlanco tbelr .wonderful and novel entertainment has been fully appreciaUd, and their success all thnt could bo deslrtd. Although my present visit to Now Zealand fans been /ar from rejiunerativo, I do not regret the trip. TIiiB will, no doubt, speedily become a greit country, but at the piesent rui-ment tho population of Dunodin cmnut anp port two theatres, and a vigorous opposition must prove ruludUB to all parties. This houso has been token by Messrs. Holt nnd Wolfe, who intend to try tho experiment of a drnmatlo foason, and will mnko It available for any stara or onter talnmonts that may visit tho town. They h»vo oho entored Into an arraugqment with mo to act aa their agent in tho neiiilibourlnR colonies, and I hope to hnve tho pleasure ol consigning to thoir oiro Lady Don, Mr. G. V. Brooke, »nd a Bncceafion of attractive novcltioa. Although absent, I shall be associated with your aniUBC ments, and nfter I havo dlaposod ot my present engagomontp, I shall, no doubt, nay vou another visit. I cannot allow tliis opportunity to psbs without , acknowledging the liborality of my landlord, Mr. Norman, whose Bonoroalty aui kind ess have greotly retrievod tho mortification and inconvonlonoe of my losses. Ladies and Gontlemcn, allow me again to thank you, and boliovo mo that whon I am providing for your amusement. I shall endeavour to doservo a oon tinuance of jour fovonrs.— (Applauto.) In tho nflerploco, Mr. Coppin, Mr. Rogers, and Mr, Jackson appeared. At the Princess Theatre a o\v nlghiB previously, Miss Aitkon took her benefit, wheu bIio played Julia, in tho ' Huncb bnok,' wllh oonslderablo suocess. Mr. Holt w*s the Mastor Walter; Mr. O'Brien, Sir Thomas Clifford j.Mr. Dale, Modus; »nd Mrs, Holf.Helon. SYnNEy.— We reprint the following from last Saturday'. 1 Bell's Zifc:~'Th* HuguouotB,' with its thouinnd aud ono oxccllencios, mUBioal, vocnl, dramatic, pintoriol, and meclunloal, has topt its plnoo in th- bills during tho past week its attractiveness appealing to lnoreaia on overy repotition, whilo nov? beautoa feetn to bo ovolvcd at oach representation, and It will long hold a cherished place. in tho rsmini-eoncei of all true lovers of the lyric nrt. So perfect in ils detail/., bo masalve Iu lia combliutl n», bo novel in Its effootfl, and so artistlo in its ensemble, it fairly rivets tho attention of tho audieno 1 from tho first I8 ?. -?]!' int''olI-:l''o' to tho last ' expiring notes 'of tin slaughtered Valentine, and nothing but consldera'lon for tho singers provonta the enthusiasm of the nudlenco from ,l.,,,,nn,n,,,. aliBojt . perpotual encores. The charactorlstio lersonation of tbo old Hugcnot soldier by Mr ' l'arquhsrson, is ono ol the gr*at fe.iturts of the piece, tybilo Mdines. Escott, Durand, Ml31 Hod son, Messrs. Wharton, Squires, F. Lyster Irovor, «ud tho choruses aro individually and' colieotiyoy Bupor- excelleuti and oven the horeo behaves liko n geiijlouion, inste.d of making an as. of himself, like the majority of amateur quadruped! To-night, we sen, Is advertised as al tj avail tliemaelres of tho last ohonco of wltiieisinR this charming produotion. Next week, wbioh tinnlnalcjthe prosont opera eoason, s devoted malcily to honeflts, of whioh Mr! tola, tho conductor, t.kes tho initlativo on Monday night,' II Trovatoro',1 (for tho last time) and a Potion of 'Don Glovauni,' forming hia atrong bill of faro ou tho occasion. It Ii almost nnaot of Buotrerogalion to alluuo to his claims on tho public, -s thoy aro pitont to all who can appreciate bis ossMuoub and ooiiBoleutlous dlsnhargo of his arduous and rtspotiBiblo dutlos ? \Vo do not know the rociploiits o( tho othor benofits, nor tho dates on whioh thoy fall j but as all the prinolpal artists havo equal claims to public recognition wo hnvo nordiubt their lospeotlvo bills will be Xi Sn-«rcd bJ pnbllB oaPP°rt- A now drama entitlea'MarcoSpad»,'wnsproducedat the Vic' toru with suoccsaon Monday, boinutolornbly well played throughout; 'Rip Van Winkle,' iu whioh «r.Burfordh»sacqulroddeiervcdeno5iuluai,belnir 10 .eonoludlnp, piece on tbo ooomion. On Tuosdny, tho Shsridan Dramntic Club gavo a performanoo for tbo bonoOt of Mr. C. Morris comprising the drum* of 'Tho Day of Reckon.' Ing,' nnd tho farce of 'Did You Ever Siud Your Wife to Cambermoll,' In which tho boneficlaro hl«i»olf a],pcored. Tho ladlea of the present coinpauy &ud; Mra. Crosby lent tho r valuablo aid on tho occasion. Untlor any clr ouuiatniicoa, tbo good feeling which prompted thla perlorinanca would disarm oritlolim, even were tho performances worso thin they really wore ; but, token as a whole, the affair w»» orodftallo to BUeonoerntd. Mr. Noll Warner's awpe.ranco oa Richard III. has beon tho inojt prominent featnra of tbe week. This gentleman, though an admitted eminent artist nnJ. an cst»blihed favourite, baa not, from unavoidable olroum stanota, had bo full a acopo for the display of bl« legitimate abilities aa they desorve, and wo are glad to record the fact that hia Kichard was a good sound intollcctnnl conception, in whioh judgment tempered force in giving effect to tho sallont points of Richard's charaoter, wbile tho finor g.-adations pf bis mental workings woie truthful and impressive. Tlio fifth . aot was especially excellent, and wo congratulate him on his performance, and the high impression made by It on the audience, Tho other oharacters wero sustained with that stereotyped ability whioh Richard III. must rlways got from »ry stock company who have learned Iho Alpha BotiCof their profession, We »ro promised, la due course, ' Our American Oousln,' ' 'i'ho Knights of tbo Round Table,' and though last not least, two novelties, by John Bryan, E-q., in- tho shnpo of entirely reconstructed adapta tions; ol 'Aurora Floyd' and ' Lady. Audloy'a Secret.' ? ' . : I .VMISCEK-JDAHBOUH;- ...??, Mrss Anna Maria QuiNNlelt MolbpUrno, for Sydney, on Thursday: to fulfil an engagement witliMr. W. S.Lystor. ? ?. ??:??? BtJHTON'8 Crttoua.— This ? old established; trouba commenca thoir thirteenth Bummor- tour on Monday weok at Kilmore, wbonce' they pro coed to Heathcotc. .: -'?? . ;;. ? , 