NORTH ADELAIDE GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The half-yearly examination of the scholars at tending the North Adelaide Grammar School, con- ducted by Mr. Whhiham. was held at the school- room, Ward-street, on Thursday afternoon. The building was well filled by between 50 and 60 0f the pupils, with their parents and friends; and the Rev. J. Jefferis, L.L.B. presided. On two of the desks were exhibited numerous specimens of writing, some of which possessed considerable ex- cellence, especially that of A. Langman, which, for a lad of about 12 years of age, was surprisingly bold, well formed, and free. The maps made by the boys in competing for the mapping prize were shown on the northern wall, and were much ad- mired. A few pencil drawings were also exhibited, but they were evidently the productions of be- ginners. The Chairman, in commencing the examination, expressed the great pleasure he felt in occupying that position, as he had done 0n former occasions, from being acquainted with the high attainments of the master and the progress made by the scholars. Mr. Whixham then read a brief statement of the proceedings of his School during the half year. In his teachings, he said, his chief aim was always to communicate as clear and perfect an understanding of the subject taught as was possible, and also to improve and strengthen the memory by duly exercising it in obliging his pupils to recite orally the rules and definitions of the subjects treated. The boys thus were required to commit to memory the principles of grammar, and at the same time were exercised in the appli- cations of those principles. As the minds of youth were extremely volatile and shifting', and as he considered it an indispensable acquisition that first principles in all branches of learning should be thoroughly mastered, he continually exercised them in the recital of these elements. His first class had been engaged in algebra, the mensura- tions, &c; two of them had read five or six books of Caesar's Commentaries in Latin, and one of them was reading the New Testament in Greek. In the second class some were learning mensura- tion and the higher arithmetic, and were reading Henry's book in Latin. The third class were occupied with the higher rules of arithmetic, and some three or four with the Latin grammar. The boys in these classes were also attending to grammar, geography, science, &c;, and in the lower divisions arithmetic and elementary grammar and geography were being acquired. He thought no school surpassed his in industry. He knew how essential it was to success in any pursuit in life, and therefore endeavoured to establish and strengthen the habit in the young. He spoke highly of the moral conduct of his scholars, and paid a compliment to their parents, by attributing it to moral training in the home. In awarding prizes he said his rule was to give them to the two boys in each class who had obtained the highest number of marks for general work. To the two next in order he gave certificates of merit provided they had worked sufficiently hard. When the marks of the two or three highest bovs were very nearly equal he deviated a little and awarded each a prize. This was the case with Masters Marrabel, Pauualin, and Calf, who were within 60 or 70 of each other in 5,000 marks. Masters Wakefield and Malcolm were so nearly alike in map- ping that he had also given each of them an equal prize. Masters Wakefield, McCulloch. Langman, and Phillips, in the second class, had exhibited great industry; and in the third class. Masters Baker, Calf, Cornish, and Wigg had similarly distinguished themselves. Master Cor- nish would also have stood very high but for severe illness. Mr. Whinham concluded by impressing upon his boys the dependence of success in life upon character and principles, and strongly ad- vising them to be industrious and truthful, honest and generous. The Chairman said he thought Mr. Whinham's plan of awarding prizes was much preferable to that of giving them to boys who might acquit themselves best on any fixed day for an exami- nation. By the latter method he who crammed most would come the best off', but by the other true progress and industry were fairly rewarded. Recitations were then given by the following boys, all in a very creditable manner:— A. Lang- man, "The Graves of a Household;" B. Graham, "The Village Blacksmith;" T. Davies, "The Spanish Champion;" F. Wigg. "The Fakenham Ghost;" P. Wakefield. "The Last Days of Her calancum;" H. Baker, "The Last Man;" J. Malcolm, "The Wreck of the Hesperus;" and J. M'Culloch, "The Arab's Farewell to his Steed. The Chairman, who had been requested to de cide between them for the prize, made a few remarks upon each recitation, and gave it as his opinion that Masters Wakefield and J.Malcolm were the best and were equally good. Mr. Whinham said he would give a prize to each ; and The Chairman having given the pupils some advice in the study and practice of elocution distributed the prizes as follows:- First Class— J. Marrabel. T. Paqualin, F. Calf, general improve ment; J. Malcolm, mapping. Second Class— P. Wakefield, J. M'Culloch, general improvement; A. Langman, Latin; P. Wakefield, mapping. Third Class— II. Baker, P. Calf, general improve- ment; F. H. Wigg industry and good conduct; P. Calf, mapping, Cornish, drawing, a prize presented by J. Malcolm. Fourth Class-D. M'Culloch, W. Porter, general improvement. Fifth Class — G. Davies, W. Mason, general improvement. The first prize for drawing was awarded to C. W. L. Sprigg. Certificates of merit.— Second Class-A. Langman. C. Philips, general improvement; J. M'Culloch and J. Porter, Latin. Third Class -F. H. Wigg-and W. Cornish. Fifth Class-F. Dos- well and G. Elliott. The Chairman said he hoped, if requested by Mr. Whinham to take the chair at the next ex- amination, that he would observe evidences of pro- gress similar to those that had presented them- selves that day. The boys gave hearty cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Whinham, the visitors, and the Chairman, and the company dispersed. 