LADY CAROLINE LAMB. (' MEMOIRS OF LADY MORGAN.') My history, if you ever care and like to read it, is this— My mother, having boys, wished ardently fora girl : and I, who evidently ought to have been a soldier, was found a naughty girl — forward, talking like Richard the Third. I was a trouble,' not a pleasure, all my childhood, for which reason, after my return from Italy, where I was from the age of four until nine, I was ordered by the late Dr. Warre neither to learn anything nor to' see anyone, for fear the violent passions and strange whims they found in me, should lead to madness : of which, however,, he assured every one there were no symptoms. I differ, but the end was, that until fifteen I learned nothing. . My instinct— for we all have instincts was for music— in it I delighted; I cried when it was pathetic, and did all that Dryden's ode made Alexander do— of course I was not allpwed to follow it up. My angel mother's ill health prevented my living at home ; my kind aunt Devonshire took me ; the present Duke loved me better than himself, and every one paid ine those compliments shown to chil dren who are precious to their parents, or. delicate and likely to die. I wrote not, spelt not; butlmade verses, which they all thought beautiful — for myself, I preferred washing a dog, or polishing a piece of Derbyshire spar, or breaking in a horse, to any accomplishment in the world. Drawing-room (shall I say withdrawing-room, as they now say ?) look ing-glasses, finery, or dress- company for ever were my abhorrence. I was, I am, religious ; I was loving (?) but I was and am unkind. I fell in love when only twelve years old, with a friend of Charles Fox — a friend of liberty whose poems I had read, whose self I had never seen, and whenldid see him, at thirteen, could I change ? No, I was more at tached than ever. William Lamb was beautiful, and far the cleverest person then about, and the most daring in his opinions, in his love of liberty and. in dependence. He thought of me but as a child, yet he liked me much ; afterwards he offered to marry me, and I refused him because of my temper, which was too violent ; he, however, asked twice, and was not refused the second time, and the reason was that I adored him. I had three children ; two died ; my only child is afflicted ; it is the will of God; I have wandered from right, and been punished. I have suffered what you con hardly believe ;. I have lost my mother, whose gentleness and good sense guided me. I have received more kindness than I can ever repay. I have suffered also, but I deserve it. My power of mind and of body are gone ; I am like the shade of what I was ; to write once was my re source and pleasure ; but since the only eyes that ever admired, my most poor and humble productions are closed, wherefore should I indulge the propen sity 1 God bless you; I write from my heart. You are one like me, who, perhaps have not taken the right road. lam on my death bed ; say I might have died by a diamond, I now die by a brickbat ; but re member, the only noble fellow I ever met with is William Lamb ; he is to me what Shore was to Jane Shore. . I saw it once ; I am as ungrateful, but as unhappy. Pray excuse the sorrows this sad, strange letter will cause you ; to you alone would I give up Byron's letters — much else, but all like the note you have. . Pray excuse this being written not as clearly as, you can write. I speak as I hope you do, from the heart. C. L. Lady Westmoreland knew him in Italy. She took on her to present him. The woman suffocated him. I heard nothing of him,* till one day Rogers (for he, Moore, and Spencer, were all my lovers, and ?wrote me up to the sides — -I was in the clouds)— Rogers said, ' you should know the new poet,' and he offered mo the MS. of ' Childe Harold' to read. I read it, and that was enough. Rogers said, 'he has a club- foot, and bites his nails.' I said, ' If he was as ugly as jEsop, I must know him.' I was one night at Lady 'Westmoreland's ; the women were all throwing their heads at him. Lady Westmoreland led me up to him. I looked earnestly at him, and turned on my heel. Myopinionin my journal was, 'mad — bad— and dangerous to know.' Aday or two passed ; I was sitting with Lord and Lady Hol land, when he was announced. Lady Holland said, ' I must present Lord Byron to you.' Lord Byron said, ' That offer ,was made to you before ; may I . ask why you rejected it ?' He begged permission to come and see me. He did so the next day. Rogers and Moore were standing by me : I was on the sofa. I had just come in from riding. I was filthy and heated. When Lord Byron was announced I flew out of the room to wash myself. When I returned, Rogers said, ' Lord Byron, you are a happy man. Lady Caroline has been sitting hero all in the dirt with us, butwhen you were announced she' flew to beautify herself.' Lord Byron wished to come and see me at eight o'clock, wh'en I was alone ; that was my dinner hour. I said he might. From that moment, for more than nine months, he' almost lived at Melbourne House. It was then the centre of all gaiety, at least in appearance. My cousin Hartington wanted to have waltzes and quadrilles ; and1, at Devonshire House it would not be allowed, so wo. had them in the great drawing-room of Melbourne House. All the hon ton of London assembled hero every day. There was nothing so fashionable. Byron contrived to sweep them all away. My mother grew miserable, and did. everything in her power to break oil the connection. She at last brought me to con sent to go to Ireland with her and papa. Byron wrote me that letter which I havo shown you. While in Ireland, I received letters constantly, — the most tender and the most amusing. We had got to Dublin, on our way homo, where my mother brought mo a letter. There was a coronet on tho seal. The initials under the coronet wero Lady Oxford's. It was that cruel lettor I have published in Glenarvon. It destroyed me ; I lost my brain. I was bled, leeched ; kept for a week in tho filthy Dolphin Inn, at Rock. On my return, I was in great prostration of mind and spirit. Then came ray fracas with tho pago, which made such noise. Ho was a little espiegle, and would throw detonating balls into tho fire. Lord Melbourne always scolded mo for this ; and I, the boy. Ouo day I was play ing ball with him. He threw a squib into the fire, and I threw the ball at his head. It hit him on the temple, and he cried out, ' Oh, my lady, you have killed me !' Out of my senses, I flew into the hall, and screamed, ' Oh God, I have murdered tho page!' The servants and people in the streets caught the sound, and it was soon spread about. William Lamb would live with me no longer. All his family insisted on our separation. Whilst this was going on, and instruments drawing out — that is, .in one month — I ?wrote and sent Glenarvon to the press. I wrote it unknown to all (save a governess, Miss Welsh), in the middle of the night. Ifc was necessary to have it copied out. I had heard of a lamous copier, an old Mr Wobdhead. 1 sent to beg he would come to see Lady Caroline Lamb, afc Melbourne House. I placed Miss Welsh, elegantly dressed, at my harp, and myself at a writing table, dressed in the page's clothes, looking a boy of four teen. He addressed Miss Welsh as Lady Caroline. She showed him the author. He would not believe that this schoolboy could write such a- thing. He came to see me again in a few days, and he found me in my own clothes. I told him William Ormond, the young author, was dead. When the work was printed, I sent it to William Lamb. He was de lighted with it ; and we became united', just as the world thought we were parted for ever. The scene at Brocket Hall, (in the novel of ' Glenarvon') was true. Lord Byron's death — the ghost appearing to her — her distraction at his death. Medwin's talk completed her distress. — -Memoirs of Lady Morgan. 