Acclimatization. The hold which the modern science of acclimatization has taken on the minds of men becomes everywhere broadened and strengthened with a rapidity which can hardly fail to satisfy its most enthusiastic devotees. In every quarter of the globe, men of the highest standing warmly lend their aid in a movement out of which has arisen a quite novel sort of brotherhood and a hitherto unknown system of exchange. The idea once started, it was found that almost every country enjoyed in profusion some one or more species of animal or vegetable production of which almost every other country was in want. A universal interchange of commodities will, of course, be the natural result, and each, actuated by the true principle of political economy, already manifests its readiness to exchange that which it possesses for that which it wants. Where or when the equalization of the distribution of animal and vegetable life thus inaugurated will stop, it would be profitless labour to inquire; it is enough that something new is being done daily, and that each thing done is an actual gain, quite independent of what has gone before or is to come after. The field is almost limitless, and the benefits accruing to mankind at large will be found to be so also, if the labourers keep before them the guiding principle pointed out by Mr F Buckland, who observed that one of the maxims of the society is, that the nearest way to a man's heart is down his throat; that in Australia, till recently, little was heard of but tea, damper, and mutton; and in England, mutton -chops and beefsteaks, varied only occasionally by beefsteaks and mutton-chops. "We must not allow this to go on now that we have the inexhaustible treasure of nature before us." If the practical part of the mission of acclimatisers— the way down men's throats — be not neglected, we may be sure of reaching their hearts, and they will then be willing also to help in adding to fee supply of things pleasant to the eye or the ear. Simultaneously with the report of the anniversary festival of the Acclimatization Society of Great Britain, which appears in another part of this day's issue, we received the Quarterly Reviews, in one of the best of which, the National, is an elaborate article on the "Acclimatization and Preser- vation of Animals." In this, the writer makes a handsome acknowledgment of the service rendered to the cause by the Victorian Society. But he mingles wise caution with judicious praise, and while we may feel that we are fairly entitled to the last, let us not neglect the first. Although in the following extract the writer we are referring to tells us nothing we did not know already, and although in his generous acknowledgment of our good work, he commits a few errors, which, however, are on the right side, giving us credit for a little more than we are as yet actually entitled to, it will be read with interest here when it is borne in mind that it will have a large number of the best class of readers in England:— "Most of our readers will be aware that for some time past the question of acclima- tization has been much discussed in the Australian colonies, and many of them may know that several animals, besides the common domestic races of Europe, have already been successfully introduced to the lands of the Southern Cross. Some of these — as witness the camels on the glorious expedition of the ill-fated Burke — have even yet begun to play an important part in their new country's history. Most of them are due to the enterprise of private persons, at the instigation of Mr Edward Wilson; but of late the Government of Victoria — and we believe also of some of the sister colonies — has taken the matter in hand. Nearly £4,000 has been voted by the Parliament at Melbourne for this especial purpose, and an Acclimatization Society las been established in that city, under the most favourable auspices, with the Governor, Sir Henry Barkly, as its patron, while Dr. Ferdinand M ueller and Professor M'Coy, naturalist of great scientific attainments, hold office in it. The camels which are imported to the colony are said to be thriving admirably. A large number have now been bred there, and several, escaped from ex- ploring parties, have adapted themselves perfectly to the country, and have been seen in various parts of New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. The naturalization of the llama, undertaken at a jreat cost by Mr Ledger, may be considered as accomplished; and a contract has been entered into for the introduction of no less than 1,500 alpacas, of which a third part has already arrived, notwithstanding the hindrances caused by the jealousy of some of the South American Governments — hin- drances so great as to entitle Mr Duffield, the gentleman charged with the execution of the commission, to the highest praise in overcoming them. These animals are all intended for the high cold mountains of Gipps Land, where, in a climate like their own, and with suitable plants for food, there can be little doubt that all their best qualities will be preserved, if not improved. Not satisfied, however, with stocking the colony with the fleecy staple of the Cordilleras, the society has introduced the fine-haired Angora goat, and has taken steps to procure that of Thibet, bearing the beautiful wool from which the costly Cash- mere shawls are made. The acclimatization of the land is another object for which special arrangements have been made; and this stately and gentle beast has in England shown itself so apt for domestication, that it requires no prophetic foresight to predict its speedy and thorough naturalization in a country so much more resembling its own while the surpassing excellence of its flesh makes its introduction there a consummation as devoutly to be wished for as it is pro- bable." We must now say something of the warning the same writer gives to acclimati sers. One which is so obvious that we can share his surprise and regret that it has been in great measure overlooked by the English society, is, that "everywhere the acclimatization of animals, to be successful, requires the aid of zoological knowledge." Taking extreme cases, he remarks it would be manifestly absurd to attempt the intro- duction of the musk-ox to the plains of India, or the camel to the tundras of Siberia, of the Scotch fir to the llanos of South America, or the bread fruit to English forests, while it would be inconsistent with the real, or at least the legitimate objects of acclimatization, to attempt to naturalize the fox in Australia "even for purposes of sport;" or the tiger in the forests of Europe; or the nettle in the West Indian sugar Islands; "though all these may have their proper functions to perform in the countries of their birth." But, on the other hand, acclimatization is not limited to those species only which seem to be capable of complete domestication, "any more than it could be correctly extended to those which are induced to thrive and propagate their kind in an undoubtedly artificial mode of life." It is, he says, a sort of probationary process, which may possibly result in actual domestication, but more probably in the introduction of a certain exotic species into a country, which, after a period of modified reclamation, will become, as it were, feræ natura, share with its original inhabitants the same risk to which they are exposed, " and yet finally increase and multiply without the immediate protection of man." He proceeds to point out another, and, in his opinion, a more serious class of errors into which the pro moters of acclimatization are likely to fall, and from which zoological knowledge will protect them. Botanists, he tells us, are unanimously of opinion that in several countries many of the native plants have been extirpated by the introduction of foreign species. The 'struggle for life' has proved too much for them when stronger and hardier kinds have been set by their side; and he quotes from Mr Darwin the statement that "in St Helena there is reason to believe that the naturalized plants and animals have nearly or quite exterminated many native productions." The same has been the case in the Mauritius, where many birds besides the dodo and its kindred species once abounded, and which have disappeared before the numerous species which have been introduced into the island mostly during the French occupation. "How great a nuisance," he says, "a not very noxious weed in Europe may turn out when transported to Australia is abundantly shown by the acts of the colonial Legislatures for the prevention of thistles, all originating, it is said, from a single plant carried out by a too patriotic Scotchman." The Flora of Australasia, he maintains, particularly in New Zealand, has already sustained a dire defeat from Europeau interlopers. And he predicts a like fate for the Fauna. Even now some of its members "are undergoing a fearful conflict for existence" against foreign animals, dogs, cats, and hogs, run wild in many places, and commit dire ravages. The native rat of New Zealand — a compa- ratively harmless animal — is more easily and more fatally conquered by the invading species than the Maori by the Armstrong gun and Enfield rifle. The apteryx, like a "ghost, vanishes at the crow of the settler's cock;" while the emu and kangaroo retire before his sheep and horned cattle. While endeavouring to introduce new species, he asks, why should we neglect to retain the old ? The question is well worthy of deep and serious attention. — Argus. 