AFEABFUL BAILWAY TBAGEDY. (From the Globe.) The railway oomponles are sometimos atsalled un- justly, and called to aooount for efienoea tbey bavo no - power to prevent. But one ol tbeir special shortcomings has just been almost tr-<gioally illustrated on the North. Western line. Two travellers, a Mr. M'Lean and a Mr. Worland, look seats ia a Booond-olass earriago by the Friday night exproaB from Liverpool to London. In tbe same ODmpar!m»nt were a moody looking Itinbmon ond an elderly woman, The Irishman eat by one window, the woman near the other, and the two men between. ' Until the train passed Bletobley the sedate poasenger was hardly botioed by the olherp. It is true that be had now and agaia talk d to himsolf somswbat fiercely, and seemed to be threatening an invisible foe. Mr. M'Lian and Mr. Worland glanaed at bim, and then oontlnuod in f iendly obat. No«, it so happened that the man bad been insane, and was rapidly growing insane again. A wild notion was fast aoqulriog tbo strength of a fixed idea. The two men, ia familiar obat, wore thieves planning bow tbey could rib bim, and be «as resolving to bo first in tbe field. There waa some motbod io his madness, fir ho postponed the exe- cution of bis project until the train had fairly started on ita last ran to London. As soon as it had left Bletobley theminlao drew a knife and stabbed Mr. Worland in tbe bead. He drew book bis arm to repeat the ttroke, when Mr. M'Lean, wbo seems to have bad bis wits about him, knocked bim baok into bia seat. Springing np tbo mooloo made another dash at the now insensible Wor. land, but hero he wog again met by M'Lean who gripped bia tbroat and hil armed band, and a olote combat began. All tbo tims the train flaw repily through the country, The woman, sitting near toe olber window, bad dope all »be oould lo alarm the driver by wasting her aoreama on the morning air, end now ley insensible from the eff.ct of terror, The madmm drew the blade cf his knife through the flogers of M'Lean, and thrust with it wildly. Worland bad now re- gained his senses, and be at onoe entere' into tbe combat, getting bebind th madman, and throwing him down. The manioc's yells were loader than those of the woman, they were oon tiouoas, but neither guard nor driver heard tbem. And so the tragedy cootinued, oae long aot, a roving mooloo held down by tbe two men, eli envtred with blood, lig'jted by a dim lamp asd tbe grey dawn. For forty long miles this scene lasted, seen by nons c-xoept those engaged in the strife, until a tiobet collector, hastily opening the door, Baw the two gashed and haggard men bendlug over the exhausted madman on the blood, stained floor. Since tbe Frenoh polioe found the body of a murdered judge in a railroad carriage notblog so terrible bos ooourred. Of coursa tbe madman, for he mast have been mad, was taken before a magistrate, and there be gove, as a reason for his oonduot, the explana- tion we h ve already mentioned, he thought the two men wera about to rob bim. He turns out to be ao Irish schoolmaster, Miohael Lyona by nome, coming te London on a mixed journey of business and pleasure. It is siid tbat he had been confined in on asylum for a year, and of course every inquiry will be made into bia past life and character. On tbe Sind tbe prisoner Lyons was taken befare tbe magistrates at Newport Pagnell, B lokingbamshire. Tbe following certificate was banded in :-" Wednesday, July 33, 1803_I hereby eertify that James Worland, and Peter M'Lean are not in a fit tt»te to leave tbeir abodes to go to give evidenoe today.-William B in, M D., ka., Blackwell." Tbe prisoner, on being placed at tbe bar, exhibited a mild and placid deme moor, not betokening any of the ferocity asori -ed to bim. 8iuoe the prisoner had boen ander confinement he boB been apparently perfeotly rational, and has repeatedly stated that be knew nothing about the affray beyond thinking that the two person i whom he assaulted in the oarriage ware ebeot to rob him. The following letter was banded to ihe benoh :-" Ravensdale Park, Newry, July 30, 1803.-Sir,-Hiviog jost bacn informed of ibe arrest of Mr. Miobael Lyons, a sobool mister, residing on my eBtsta In tbe county of L-uth for assaulting personB In a railway carriage whilst in a state of insanity, I beg leave to say that I am aware that upon another occasion, about three years aga, Lyons wa« attaobed witb insanity. Hla wife goeB by the steamer to-night to try to see bim, with a hope to be silo »ed lodoso. As he is a respectable man, I trus he will be treated with every consideration under the unfortunate oirsumstasees into which bia dangerous malady has misled him.-I am, dec, Claremont.'' A letter was also read from Dr. Carpenter, Registrar of the London University, confirming Lyon's statement that be was on bis way te London to undergo en examination for a degree. "It seamB to me," adds Dr. Cirpenter, " not unlikely that biB brain has bean unsettled by over- work and by anxiety about his examination." Tbe prisoner's solicitor applied that a sum of about of8 found on the prisoner mijbt be given up for tbe purposes of bis defence.-The beooh agreed to allow two guineas for thia object.-The prisoner tben said he would willingly undertake his own defenoo if the money oould be given to bis wife, who had no means of support either for herself or the four young children ehe bsd left. Lord Claremont bad generously given her tua money to get to London, but abe bad no means of returning. He desired la aak tbeBenoh whether the railway would* let her use his return ticket home.-The chairman said that the company would deoide tbat, and Ibe benah desire 1 Mr. Orpen to state to ihe proper official* of the company the suggestion which the benoh wished to make, that the company should toko into considération tbe aondHon of tbe woman, and aot according to the best of tbeir dis aretioc-Mr. Orpen nndertook to oonvey to the rail woy autboritiea the opinion of the henoh, and the farther hearing was adjourned for a week. Mr. and Mrs. Chirles Koon bave given some readings in tbe St. James's-hall in oid of the fund for the par. obaie of Shakespeare's residence at Stratford. - The objeol was admirable, and the artists are entitled to credit for tbeir zaal in its promotion But we oonnot hon'Stly say that their appearance in this new phase is calculated to improve tbeir professional reputation. Tbey have sinoe sailed from Liverpool for Australis. There being no olergyman on board, Mr. Kean undertook to read divine servio« during tbe voyage. A BANKBUPTOÏ CASE.-"lu RE WEBioAnTn."-This I cass baa already been fully reported In the Horns Neto« The bankrupt was a merchant of Threadneedle- etreet. and alBO of Melbourne, Australia. Mr, Commissioner Fane, of the Bankruptcy Court, gave judgment apon the bankrupt's application for his order of disonar«, e. Hi said there was no doubt the bankrupt bad continued tbe struggle against adverse olrcumstancea longer than was justifiable; still, there were mony favourable features In theoose, not tbe least of which was that tbees'ate would pay a dividend of Tu. Od. in the pound. It appeirod that the bankrupt wrat to Australia when he waa young, and failed in business; he paid a small dividend and re- sumed trade. Being sncojBsfnl, bo paid bia former lia- bilities in fal1. In 1858 a firm wes formed of Westgarth, Bosp, and Spowersi Tbe firm traded in London as Wes garth and C \, and in Melbourne as Westgarth, BOBS, and Spotters, each firm assisting the other. The firm bad a large oapitol, and at one time made an ioeomeof £30.000. Wettgtrlh became a member of the Australian Legislature ano was made President of the Chamber of Commerce. Between 1864 and 180B the value of the bankrupt's property WOB greatly depredated-In some caica to tbe extent of CO and 80 per oent. No doubt in raising money upon property purchased the bankrupt struggled against adverse oircumstances longer than he should have done. Still, lhere were many favourable features in tbe oaee, ' and upon consideration of all tbe faots, be (tbe commis. Bioner) WOB determined not to withhold tbe order of discharge. Upon the application of Mr. Bagley, the bankrupt's costs of application for order cf disaharge were alio ved out of tbe estate. The ooBte of thi oppos. ing creditors were similarly allowed. THE BoiiciTon-GEHEnAi. AND IDE HOHE SEOBE TinT.-In tbe House of Commons, on the 33nd, there , was considerable difficulty in oonstitutlog " a House," and it WOB balf-^ast 13 before the requisite 40 members oould be got together to enable the Speaker to take tbe obair. At ebaut 30 minutes post 13 Sir Roundel! Pal. mer, tie Solicitor.General, suddenly rose and made towards the door, through whioh the Sergeant-at-Arms allowed bim to ptBs, in violation oi the standing order, wbioh provides that when onoe in the obamber a mern ber must not leave nntit "a bouse'' is made. No ' I'ooer bad the learned gentleman passed through the I glsBB door than he was met by one of the official* out. i side, wbo sternly sent him back to the ministerial benobes amidst the ti te a of those wbo were already | prisoners. A minute or two alter this Sir George Grey, apparently remembering an engagement, and not having noticed what bad jual occurred, made off in s lurried woy towards the door, the Sargeant.at.Arras by this time having left the House. Bat tbe Home Secre- tary fared no better than the Solicitor Genera). Tbe scrupulous doorkeeper solemnly reminded bim of the I risk be was incurring in running oounter to the rules of , the House, and Sir George Grey walked qoiotly book to ' bia seat, where be remained until tbe 40io member appeared, and the business of the day began. ST. PAUL'S CATOEDHAI.. -On tbe 30th the Lord Mayor, co-operating with the Dean and Chapter and a oommittee of gentlemen formed for the epeolal purpose, opened at Ibe Mansion-house what is intended to boa notions! subscription toworda the completion of tbe embellishment of St. Paul's Citbedral as originol'y designed by 8ir Christopher Wren. The proposal, as sabmitted by tho oommittee, consists primarily in ft ling 11 windows st ibe ends of tho oboir, nave, and transepts witb painted glass of tbe highest quality, uniform ia style, design, and «X'ontion; in filling the spandre'B of the dome, vaults, a.d otber BuitabU oompartmenfs, nod ultimately tbe dome itself, with paintings in mosaic, end generally in gliding and inoruBting with coloured marbles suah pacts of ti>e architecture OB require it to complete tbe deoorative framowo k. It is also intended to finish tbe great organ in the south transept, and In complete tbe still work of tbe oholr, and otber «o-kavihioh have been left incomplete. Two of the 11 windows of toe highest quality aro in coarse of preparation-one for the apse, of wbioh the sabjoot is the Crucifiotion, tbe gift of the Drapers' Company; the o her for tbe great west window, the aubjoct being tbe conversion ot 8t. Paul, given by Mr. Thomas Brown, of the firm of Longman snd Co. Fire other windows are designed with the follow,og sabjaots:- Christ's Agony ia the Garden, tho Entombment, the Resurrection, the Asoenalon, and the Descent of tbe Holy Ghost. Tas MvnDEit or Mn. JACKSON.-Tbo murderers of the lote Mr. J. A. Jaoksou seem to have completely baffi'dthe authorities- There is no one now in onstody, for the orime. The Nenagh Guardian states!-' On Saturday tbo two Maddens, father and son, who bad been in prison slooo the murder of the lita Mr, J. A. Jackson, wira set liberty, there being no evidence to warrant their fait her detention. Tbo elder Madden, it will be remembered, was steward to the i 1 fated gentleman, and on the evenings of the ioqaeatwia arreated on snspioioD, a large sam oi money having been found in bia box when searched by the constabulary," Sut Jo-BOA JESS -Tbls distinguished offijer died auxdeoly al Cb«rlog»oroas on tba 98 b June, Sir Joshua . as riding with a friend on the outside of a Fojham omnibus when be fell balk and beoima insensib'e, H» waa taken down, with the assistance f t«e otber posen gets, and aarriei into the shop of Mr. Starkle, oh-mist, «t Charing arose, where h-dted af<tw minutes aftetwarde. Sir Joihu* hid oomplained nf illness aa ibe omnibus approached tbe H¡y market, but ha expressed a wish to i-ontinna bia j inrney to Charlng-oross, where be would bave to slight en route to his offices in Parliamen'-Jtreet, General ST Joabua Jeib waa born in 1793. and waa con g-qnenlly 70yeara of age. He was a distinguished offloer ia Canada, America, and the Wist India", but latterly bos been m re promini n ly knoan as one of the founders a"d promoters of tbe tieket-of-leave system In bia capa- city as ohairmon of the Directo» of Convict Prisons be bad contributed several important works upon tbe subject of prison disoiplme and tbe treatment of con vio ts. Di oovEBY OÏ THE Souita ss op THE NrxE-Captains Speke and Qrant will not, i' appears, be allowed to wear ia peace tbe laurels wbiob tbey hove won with so muoh bravery and skill. Another claim ont ia in tbe fi Id, Signor Miami, a Yotsotiin, deolores in letters recently published hern that be fee's himself obliged to destroy the ba"py illation into whioh Ciptoins Speke and Grant hove fallen in supposing that tbey have mtda the great disoovery of tbe sources of the Nile, against whioh, say-) ibu gentleman, "I protest solemnly before all tbe world " Signor Miami ia certainly deserving of some credit. He enjoys the oonflaenct» of the Vioeroy, and under the auspices of his late Highness Said Pacha, undertook on expedition in 1860 for the purpose of deciding this much- vexed problem. In 1801, he pub- lished a m>pof hiB j mrney wbiab.be Bays, " If Captains Speke and Gra-it possessed, tbey would not hove ti ken altogether a different river for the true Nile, whiof, unfortunately, ibey did not see.*' Signor Mi>m(, witb lbs conearreno» of the Viceroy, proceeds by next mail to London, in order to di-iouss the question with Captains Spoke snd Grant before the Bojtrl Geographical Sooety, and then, be says, " I sb«U publish a detailed aooount of my voyage aid discoveries, together wi'b my map of 1881, when g»Ogr«pbetB will be able to deiide 1 between Captain Speke and me." It is only fair and juat tbat, upon such an Important subjeot, Signor Mitml should be be.rd, but, for the honour of Eng- land, I most sincerely hope that Csrtiirii Speke and Grant will oome off notorious,-Letter front Alextxnd ia. "AUBOBA .FX.OVB" AND "LADV A-TOLES" I» DISTRESS. -"TiN8t_Y v. LAOV."- This sait was instituted btfore bpfore Sir W. P. Wood, of tbe Court of Obanoery, by MeFsrB. Tinsley ant* Brother», publishers, to restrain 'be defendant from publishing two dramas, into wbiob bad been 'introdnord bodily the vital portions of " Lady Audley's Srcret" and ''Aurora Floyd," the copyright of wbioh bad been purchased by tbe pl.io'iffr from Miss Ma-y Elizabeth Braddon, theautboress. " Lady Audley's S*orel" was originally published in the Sixpenny Maga tine, and the plaintiff gave tbe authoress £350 for tbe exclusive right of printing and publishing it for a period of two years. Tbe work attrcoted great publie at'ention, and ran through eight editions, and the plaintiff) were so pleased witb its sucoess that tbey gave Miss ßi addon Ü7B0 »dcition-I. "Aurora Floyd," whioh has run thrnngh five editions, was or ginally published in the Temple Bar Magazine, and for the exclusive right of publishing it for a period of two years the plaintiff give Miss Braddon, £1000. II appears that the défendait bad published as a dram« " Lady Audley's Secret," in two aatr>, from Mi«! Braddon'a popular work of the esme title, by W. E. Souter, E'q. end had dealt similarly witb the tale of "Aurora Floyd," and was selling them very obeaply. Tbe Vice Chancellor granted a perpetual iojanotion against the defendant as prayed by the bill. AHOTHEB MUBDEB- The trial of John Bodkin for tbe murder of Michael Bannon, Mullingar, terminated in the disagreement of the jury, having lasted tbree days. Tbedeoeased was found dead on the 3rd of Deo'mber last io bis own field, his body mutilated, and his bead broken almost to a jelly. Suspioion tell upon thepriso. ner. He was arrested, and blood was found upon bis olathes. There bad been ill-feeling between bim and the deceased about tbo management of a farm belonging to a MrB. Coughlan, wbioh was Bopposed to supply a motive io- theorime. Bannon, wbo was an elderlv man, had been some months married to Mrs. Coughlan'« daughter, but they did not seem lo hive agreed very well, and she was not living with bim at the time of biB death. Thomos Moran swore that he had been repeatedly solicited by tbe prisoner to shoot Bannon, and had been supplied witb a piitol for the purpose. Ooe of the witnesBBB examined was tbe prisoner's daughter, who deposed tbat her father waa out on lbs night of the mur- der, and that next morning she resisted in washing bia trousers. While nnder examination sha broke out in hysterical sobs, and it waa some time before sha could answer any qneetionn, The prisoner said, " Don't cry, Mary, and with the blessing of God I will bo at borne with I y HI tc-iighf." Tbo jury were looked up for some time, | but as tbere was no likelihood of tbeir agreeing, tbey were discharged, Tire DI-THESS m iRiíLAttn.-.. E. J." In a letter to the Tim» say«!- " As tbe Chief Secretary for Ireland seemed to doubt theaoeuraoy of the atat-ment I sent to you of tbe extreme distress and starvation of the poor inhabit »nts of Connaught, I now forward to yon some facts I have received in oorroboration of what was ad- vanced. I will qiots ray correspondent's own words : . A man and bia wife and foar obildren had only two ¿tone of Indian meal to last tbem a fortnight, and nothing else, and no milk, for they bad been obliged to sell tbeir oow, furniture, and even tbeir bedolotbes to pay their rent. Ii this state of starvation tbe poor mon, vbo oould scaroely walk, went away to beg for rtlief. On his return he fouad one of his «hildren dead. Ao Inqueat waa held on tbe body, and tbe mother told me it waa starved, for the surgeon wbo opened it foand ao food in its stomach Two other obildren were brought to me one duyin such a state of starvation tbat they will both die. One was a yeer old, and ihe other twenty months, and yet neither of them won larger than healthy infants of tbree months old. The mothers bed lived upsn cabbages for weeks before, and bad cot sufficient milk to nourish tbem. I oan speak, also, of two starving men wbo bad wandered to my neighbourhood from Balmullet, a place higher up the oossr. They told tbeir story. It probably was not all true, for tba Irish are given to invention ; bnt famine speke truth in tbeir wild eyes and sunken oheeka, and in the ravenous way in which tbey devoured the food that waa given lo them. Of otber d'stricta besides my own I cannot speak except from hearsay, but I quote a few lines whioh X leoeived a few days ego from a moderate, sensible, and charitable pariah pre it witb whom I hove been long acquainted, 'I am sorry,' be wrote, ' to have to inform you tbat 1 never witnessed snob intense and widespread distress end poveity as exist this year in this part of tbe eoontry. Tbe yeera 1817, 1818, and 1849 were years of extreme misory. I was then a priest on tbia mission, and I am ready to i declare that there is for more diitresB and wretobedoesB this season. Death by starvation is not the affair of a moment, nor is the end the most pitiable of the linger- ing complaint wbiob liais to it. When want w s knocking at the doora of tbo impoverished operatives in our own Islands, did the oharitable delay to send them aid till suoh time as it should be officially announoed In Parliament that death had put au end to the enff ringa of eome ol those wbo had cried for bread, and found no ear open to their coll t Tba harvest may promise well, but for the coming wintor there is no provi- sion. A subscription for wholesale emigration seernB to be the most advisable form for English obarity to toke." ' CAPTURE BY CONFBDEB-ITB OBUISEB?.-Lottors re- ceived m Liverpool state tbat the Confederate steamer Giorgio was following fsat in the footsteps of the ! Alab mo. It will be remembered thot some months ago , the George Grlawold arrived in Liverpool witb a oargo of breadstuff! for the relief of the distressed operatives in tbe mannfooluring diatrlots. After discharging her oorgo she prcoJeded to Cardiff, and their took on board a oargo ofooals for Bia. Whilst on her voyoga the Goorgia overhauled her, but finding that her cargo belonged io j British subjrots, agreed to take a bond for 100,000 dollars. This was on the 8th June. Tbe Georgia «leo ooptared thestip Hope, bound from Booton lo the Cape of Good Hope, together with the G. W. Seaver, bound from Biaton to Rio.. The latter vessel was released rp->n giving bonds for 15,000 dollars. The following vesselB have been eapinred and burnt by tbo Alobomo: Tbe ship Amazonia, bound from Now York to M inte Yideo, was burnt on the 3nd of June ; and tbe Jabea Snow, bound from Liverpool for Monta Video, waa burnt on the 39.b of May. The orows of these vessels were landed at Monte Video. Captain Olnn, of tbo Jabez Snow, io a letter doted Rio do Joniero, June 7tb Bays :-" Tbe osptare took plaoo on the 39:h May, in latitude about dO'SO soatb, longitude obont 94, west, A'ter plundering.the ship of everything that exoited their cupidity, the officers and crow ol tbo Alabama sot fire to her. I was a prisoner on board tbo Alabama six days, when I wat paroled, and eent on board a brig bound from London to Rio, where wo arrived on the 13lb. I have loat everything but one trunk filled with oletbes. Wben the sbip with her soil ond rigging was enveloped io flames, presenting a sublime spectacle, I stood in the midst of tbe officers, on tba quarter deck, wbere I could witness the expres- sion of every feeling elicited by the srenp, The only man that exhibited feelings of satisfaction waa Semmos. He regretted thot he hod not on artist to pourtray the scene in all its been ty. The familias of many of the erewtre receiving ball monthly orders, paid by Frsesr, Trenbolm, and Co., in Liverpool," PIRACY AKD MUBDEB.-Sentence bos been pronounced oo a cqarge of piracy and murder on board the Britiub ship Bstiricc, 470 tona register, brought belora the Supreme Oourt, el Hongkong, Four English seamen, nailed Timo'by Dríades, George Bailey, Charles Alkina, and William Hardy, were obargeJ witb eba wilful murder of if r. John Adams, the chief officer of the ship. It appears that vtry bad discipline was kept on boord, and that the orew were in the bibil of getting into the bold and drinking spirits and wine, -which formed part of the oargo. On tbe night of the 10 h of Jans, the deoeased, having charge of the watsh on deok, waa sitting on a hen-ooop on the poop, when one of the prisoners carne .bebind bim and knooked bim down by a heavy blow on the head. Almost immediately afterwerda Atkins picked him np and threw bim overboard. Tbe poor fellow soreomed " Murder I" several times, and cried out "Htlp, helpP' but no- effort or alarm waa made to eave bim. The prisoners had endeavoured to prevail on most of the crew to join tbem to take the ebip. After disposing of the mate they went to the cabin to etenre the captain and tba rest of tbe officers. The second mate, heoring the Bonnie on deck, was oom ing np tbe companion ladder to a oertain the oaase, when be was met by Atkins, armed with an harpoon or board, ingpike, sod a tbrnst was made at him, wbioh lookily miBaed. He then returned to the oabln, and tbe captain and he armed themselves, as also the carpin'er, wbo was witb tbem. One of tbe gang named Baynes wini to the skylight of the cabin with tbe intention, it was supposed, of doing misohief. The captain seeing him from the cabin, and bearing that tbe mate had been thrown overboard, oalled upon the seoond mate to shoot him. Howard, tbe offioer, obeyed, and shot the men dead on the spot. This act bad the effdot of overawing the prisoners, wbo all went lorward, when they were seizsd and pUoad io irons. Tbe jury found three of the pri- soners (DrisoleB, Hardy, and Boilty) guilty of piraey, and Atkin« guilty of wilful murder. The verdiot was aooempanied with a statement to the effeot that to the grose mismanagement and negieot of their duties by fie captain and ofBoers was to be attributed in a great measure, if not entirely, all that had happened on board. Tbe priioner Atkin« was ordsred for exeeution. I THE ENGLISH Twatys FOB AUSTBAIXA -About tbe 17tb Oetober, tbe Great Bi.tain will steam' from England for Melbourne, and among ber saloon passen- gers will be E. M. Grace, Efq., Gaorge Parr, Lockyer, Carpenter, Mortlook, Haywood, Caffyn, Jackson, Tai rant, Anderson, Julins Cesaor, and B. C. Unley, the twelve Eoglieb cricketers Beleoled to do battle for Old England in the forthcoming matobea to be ployed in Australis. Tbey are expected to arrive at Melbourne about the middle of Deoember. M.jor-General G. S, Meade, who has been promoted' to tbe obief ocmaiand of ihe army of the Potomao, was born in Spain in 1810, entered the Military Avademy at West Pulnt from tbe district of Columbia, and wa« graduated there ia 1830, since wbiob time he baa Btesdity rinen to the brigadier.generol of volunteers, August 31 1881\. Few officers bave performed more arduous dntieB or rendered more distinguished and faithful Bervioe to tbe country sinoe the oommenoement of the war. It will surprise many to leam that, a'ter a lapse of nearly four years sinoe the melancholy wreck of tbe Roi B1 Charter ooonrred, operations for the recovery of tbe treasure contained in it are still carried on. Messrs. Gibbs, Blight, aod Co., lold the pool some time ago to a firm in Anglesea for about £700. Whenever the weather permits, divers descend to collect the mud st tbe bottom, and this on being washed is found to contain gold.dust and oein. Five pounds and npwards or« thoa rr-oovered every week. Numerous persons visit the now celebrated village of Moelfrs. Some of these are persona «bo were themselves saved from the wteok. One of these baa lately been ot much pains to out and carry away a portion of the rock to whiob the beroia Maltese aailor Bogers bad made fast ibe bower tbat wa« tbe means of aiviog so many lives. In tbe L'anallgo oburob. yard, situated about a mile from the scene of the wreck, a monument has been erected of stone carried o'ilefly from the place where the unfortunate vensel struab. On tbis column a late visitor had oarved with biB knife these words :-" Ccme from Australia to SOB this.-B. NBIL." Oa one side of tbo monument there le inscribed as follows:-"The Boyal Charier, steam dipper, of 3710 lonB burden, soiled from Melbourne August 30, 1890, bound for liverpool, having on boord 334 passenger*, besides a orew of 103." On the second Bide :-" Tbis monument baa been erected by pabilo subscriptions to Ihe memory of tboso wbo perished in the wreok of tbe Boyal Charter, off Moolita, on the coast of Ang'esea, on Wednesday, the 30tb of Oo'ober, A.D. 1850 " On tbo third side!-'1 There lie in Ibis churchyard tbe remains of 140 of tbe sufferers, and 40 in tbe churchyard of PenrhoB'ilagwy, all of whom were buried by the pious nud onmiioble Inoambents, tbe Bev. S. RUOBB Hugbee, and his brother, tbo Rev. H. Rooae Haghos." Oa the fourth side aie enumerated the various adjicnt parishes where tbe remains of some of the otber suff rers were washed asbore and intorred. A fiigbtful aooldenl occurred lately at Cremorne. An inquest has been held on the body of Serla Yale-io,nged 3D. who expired from the tffbets of injuries reosived while performing on a wire rope at Cremorne Gardens, Tbe gardens were unusually full, and tbe deceased mounted tbe tight wire rope logo through his evolutions. When deceased had reached a p int about ten yards from tbe end of the rope, and abjut 800 feet from wa re be bad atoit'd, something gave wey in tbe tackle of "ihe fall " at the en- from which be waa furthest. The effect wss instantaneous. The wire r-'pe became slack at onos, and tbe deoeoBed was thrown rigbt iff. He fell headlong to tbB ground,.from a height of forty feet, and alighted on hie head on the gravai of the promenade. Dr. R- o and other midioal gentlemen- wbo happened to be in tbe gordons, rushi d fo bis aid. He wts removed to his rea' dence in Stanley-;illaB, Chelsea, where be died. Hia shall was frao'ured and his spine waa bdlievei to bave been injured. Mr. Thomas. Bartlett, machinist and matter carpenter to the gavdeoB, desoribed the tookie. Toe wira ropo, whioh was provided by tbe deceiBed him- self, weighed about five owt. At the end farthest from tbe ball-room it was mode fast by " a fall," composed of an iron chain and a strong: cable. One end of Ibe obain- was fastened lo a massive iron hook, fixed to an elm tree. Whan a man waa on the rope the strain on the boob would be about two tons.. The hook was calculated to berra strain of six 'one and tbe obain of five tons.. The hook, however, broke right ia two, ond the rope of conreo fell slack, causing the aooldent. The witnee-s.bel eved that in someway the lightning of JaneSlh bad softened or otherwise affeolei ibe Iron, ond caused it to give woy. Mr. Smitb, the proprietor of the g-riene, said that nothing ehoald evdr induae him again to permit a I perfomance of this kind in the gardens. A- verdiot of " Aooidentoldeath'' waa returned.. A womoo, colling, herself the "Female Blondín," fell I from a rope in Aston.pork, Birmingham, on July 30, sus- pended thirty yards above ths greensward, and waa killed on the apot, death being instantaneous. The poor creature had been, engrgid to go ti rough her perilous p<F'ormaooeon-the oooaaion of a fete held in the patfe, in aid of the fände of the Order of Foresters, aad these were many thousands of persons present. Tbe woman, wbo whB a native of Birmingham, was far advanced in pregnancy, end her busband, who was present, aupesln tended tbe operation?. Tbe rope gove way st a aplico. 