AL BSBT AND ALEXANDRA. THE BOY Ali "MARRIAGE. ' fl'rom the London SOciUu^Tttgnzine.)' riow.lhnf thc fair Princess has made herjoyous , progress, not niorokthrnugli the ways bf our City, -waving proudly with banners, than through thu hearts nf our ponnle in one flutter of generous excitement-now that rite linssatl'ly ploughed hor way through the billows of thc Channel*, mid through those living wares that heaved and sm-god around her chariot, on that eventful day when the youthful Prince sot off at early dawn lo fotch ' the dear Indy to be his bride," introducing her on hi* way to exulting myriads of his future subjects-'tis timo te ring tho marriage bells-'tie time to follow the happy Princess to that pro-eminontly royal castle, overy stone of which speaks ns a silent witness of ages past, how deep and liow broad are laid the strong foundations of that "Royal family of England, which that time-honoured fortress stands to welcome from goneratitm to generation within its massive gates. On Tuesday, tho loth of March, 1863, it must bo added to our chronicles that the whole people of England voted themselves a holiday-a grand national holiday. Tho occasion was truly English-truly worthy of o home festival to . the sobor and industrious and united British family party',-bearing, as they do, a general good charnc-1 ter for loving thoir wives, and children, and finding thoir chief enjoyment by, their own firesides-yes, wo ore truly a most conjugal' set of people. Tho very sight of a bride- cake will draw a cluster around a window ; and as toa wodding party ooming out of church, whito-favorod posti- lions, or whito dfesses on a balcony, whilo the happy pair nro starting with tho slipper after them ; those things,-for the thousandth timo, wo instinctively stop to seo. But what has that to do with tho prosont subj oat ? A great deal. You can striko no chord .but ono already strung : love of king and lore of country- foolings con- nubial as well as loyal, Ho as so many well-tuned strings evor pulsing in tho nation's heart. Thus have we realised tho truth that * ono touch of nature makeB tho whole world kin.' Tho electrio spark did not moro rapidly flash the,news at one o'clock from Windsor through all tho librea of tho land, than naturo thrillod ond throbbed in hoarty responso throughout thu length and breadth of Britain. Tho groat, the happy day was known and looknd for wido ns tho British nico nro scattorcd in quest of thoir daily broad: 'whether omidst tho snows of Culada or tinder the sultry touts of our Indhn Empire, in tho valleys of tho.Capo as in the gold fields of Australasia-oy," and amidst the sea-girth isles, and with many a sea-born crew, cradled in.tho furrows of tho doop, tho Prince and Iiis Princess were, doubtless, tho burthen of tho talotr>nd the day remembered with many a gomal and Hooial Blasa. ? It is thia unity of feeling tbat makes tho occasion great and grand ; for there waa a breadth and a grandour in the throng-in that host of defenders, ' good men and true,' nil the mightier because unarmed-who Unod thu roads and filled the windows, and formed black clusters* on the house-tops to woloomo virtue as well ns beauty, ?with that nevor-to-be-forgotten and exulting acclamation ?when strong mon trembled as they cheered, yoarning to- wards the Princess ns a sister or a datightor, while thoy bespoke their allegiance to their Queen. Therefore much ns we delight in what wo have now to describe as tho splendid pageantry of St. George's Chapel, waving plumes «nd flowing robes, nnd sparkling tiaras of priceless dia- monds ; all these must palo as secondary fires before the greator phenomena of a world-wide race, owning liborty in allegiance, and stirred on ono day by ono common feeling, nud movod by one common impulso, from pole to polo. Comparisons have been drawu botwoon tho excitement of the present, and tho calmer tone of formor demonstra , tioiis ; but it is obvious that if our preparations wore tho measure of our lovo, it could net have been to oho asryot unseen, but rathor as evincing sympathy with ¡ our Sovoréign no less in her wool than in'.her woo. Still,, ?when one wo believed no loss our Sovereign's than our Prince's choice, did meet the-nation's eye-added to a feeling of interest au 1 romance as tor a youthful straugor in a strange land, it needed but ono glance to insure to f»elinga thus varied and commingled so en- thusiast io an expression ns, wo freely acknowledge, was rarely rnised before. Kven the staid old-fashioned City men forgot for tho oonoo the world of scrip and omnium, and warmed into a semi-sentimental simmer such as had never bubbled under those civic robos. Yes ; young and old, all sorts and conditions, caught the gcnoral fire-no dry Palmer- ston affair of etato, but a true lovo-matoh-so thcro waa. a very panie of applause ; " And never were heard such accent» wild, . Aa welcomed to earth the Vaan child." Jinny a lady fair on Monday night and many- a wait- ing-woman lay down/to sleop-if sleep they could-with floating visions of feathers and finery, and all tho might of millinery,- forming a gorgeous picturo as painted in 'i'urher'o waking dreams, with a moving panorama through tho brain..' At least, wo can testify that as early BS-half-past eight on.. Tuesday morning, whilo boys were rushing about . with doily newspapers and ' correct accounts,' and when others woco oryt'ng, 'Framed and. glazed, here's the Princo and Princess both for a penny,' the platform "at Paddington seemed to tell nil of a sud- den of a levelling revolution in our social atato. Lords and ladies in magnificent attire scorned to bo csquirod by corduroy and fustian, while waving plumes and travel . ling caps, silk and satin and railway rugs, seemed for the moment on most friendly terras ; and as flowing robes abd horaldio trappings rushed hnckwards and forwards ' to take their seats,' there was o gonoral suspenso of all these feelings which usually forbid trucks and serving men anil ' unmannerly creatures, ' to pass betwixt the wind and their nobility.' Tlioro was Garter King at Arms, with his much, starod-at suite of heralds, who, some simple swain suggested, ' scented ordered for tho theatricals from tho' Haymarket Thoatro,' and, in sombro contrast, orowdod on tho choristers of tho Sacrod Har- monic Socioty. Even tho onds of 'tho earth appeared brought together in all tho diversity of strange costume: for Maharajah Dhulecp Singh was thero, with robos, sown broadcast with precious stones, and emblazoned with no crosses or familiar devices, but embroidered with all tho winged creatures of tho East! Filled with such unwonted company, train aftor train cleared away. Lucky indeed it was that no dreadful Mtastrophe in the programme of fate had been arrangod to eome.offthat day ; for, as to tito 10;40 a.m. Special . hear this, ghosts from the field of Ktinnymcdo (now lot: or to be let for building ground), had it not carried its precious freight in safety.!-what with tho lord' mayor and mayoress and sheriils, tho lord chamberlain, peers . and ministers-it. had mndn a fearful gap in nature, and half tho Bed liook.nnd thc Peorago must have been writ, anew. Arrivod ot tito Windsor station, howovor, wo found that tho largo noni of one resident director, unshackled "by tho narrow bounds of Great Western dividends, and well supported both hy tho generosity and tbe goraniums ef Mr Turner ol' tho royal nursery, formed a very * bower 'of rosco,',for the visitors of his Sovereign ; and thus «the "winter* of Paddington * becamo glorious summor down to Slough. Tho- very seasons seemed changed by tho. boudoir of blossoms and the exquisite display of floral wealth that hore seemed worthy of tho robes of tho fair. Peeresses who lightly tripped botwoeu. _ The passage nf noble personages, the countenances of »any of whom vron! well known to tho crowd, excited . visible i » t rr CB t, and this jsvus greatly increased shortly -afterwards upon tho approach of the Grenadier anil Coldstream Guards, with colours flying, hondod by their bands playing lively airs, on their, way to their appoiutad positions within the Castle prooinots. Tho noblo visitors were immediatolv conveyed in tho Queen's carriages to tho' Castle or to Ht. George's Chapel M their invitations directed. Those wore fortunate who had tho uso ol'these royal carriages, for the horse and : eab power of Windsor waa altogether so unequal to tho Íirons of noble company, thot every bony Rosinant«, with lips staring through, his hide, and many a vehicle that might have boon doing service as a hen-roost, created no little merriment among the spectators in tho Blands, who could riot but contrast tho povorty of the equipage with vitia splendour of tho lords and ladies but too happy in »ôme.'inst»noe«-1-iord and Lady Palmerston being in . OB great dlffloultioK as any-to ride in anything at all. . .Still Windsor did. «.? beat tliat day. From an'early hour that royal town was all ast ir. JSxoited streams of ¿ woll-dressed company began to show thoir cards of od j - rninsion on Park-hill before 10 o'çlàok, and at half-past I".tim there Waa ri prcas of people, req'ulriiig'nll tho exertions -: ' of the Ooldetrcom Guards, Horne Guardsj arid police, to. . keep nn unbroken line. Tho diffloultios of tho situation > ' woro increased os volitólos' which had set dowii ¿heir . company at, the Royal Chapol came rattling down the \--hill-the linos of spootators olosing aftur each carriage -. jiMs'ed,Lines of galleries, extending from tho private i; :. grounds in front of Windsor Castle . to the Iron Gatos, ! ' were filled with, spectators, joined, about olévon o'clock, ,, by'the Etonians, - Tho liuo below tho Iron Gatos to the i ;-e¡itrnnco to the Cattle ïard was/kept by tho Royal Berk ^'^?hije.'-Yohuitoort.., - i " ' . Ar hall-past eleven o'clock approached, all eyes'turned totvaribV the, state ehtraiicó . through wltioh tho royal oirrirtge9 woro expected. And BOOU wo were to be moro ^'thau-'gratifledV' Meanwhile wo cast our oye on the mat '".(rive architecture of that royal residence, so overwhelming .'.io its meinlirios of olden time, while every nvonuo di» eiiMed à heaving moss, in which, with gay droites and glowing, uniforms, we seemed to look .down on n purtirvo ofvnviedlmt harmonious, colora. We could, not but Teal thnt not a "Tow among these."Eton boya-men- e'tildren, Tor,tho greater part-were, destined ? some day'to order and to marshall similar. royal celebrations ; while the scholars of the Queqn's.own school, the,boya in their new suits of grey, and tho girls iu brightest ' Red Ilidiugliood' elniilw,' beaming with happiness, wero ranged ready most happy the idea-to be tho ilr.it to groot, witli their shrill, joyous little pipes, the Prince and tho Princess, ns they left'tho Castle for the Chapel. ' }? Wo call attention to this touching incident ; and trust all Europo may take a lesson, as we record tho fact,*that in the moments of thoir most exulting célébrations, not last, in'tho thoughts of tho royal family of England, is tho happiness or the homage of our village schools, ' ' A little bofore, two br three figures caught the eye, which showed that our curiosity as spectators was Bharou ovoii by tho principal performers tn tho spectacle to follow. Prince Christian, tho father of tho bride, and tho Duke of Cambridge had" strolled out in their undress to catch a sight of. what was gathering around, the Castle walls. The sight wo trust, thoy could not but enjoy. For on tho towers and turrets of tho (Ino, old Castle, on tho rampart« which surround the vonor'ablo pilo, oror gatoways, from windows, and .front tall.roofs from cvory point, which afforded a view of the line of procession, the eyes of countless spectators peered expectantly await mg for tho first blast of tho trumpet to harold the ap- proach of tho royal party. . " At half-piist óWcn tlíe silvor trumpets rang out at Ilia grand entronco to tho Castlo, and instantly a, choral of childishvoices from tho children carno mingling..ivith tho distant peals" of tho wedding bells,* the blare of trumpets, and tho familiar sounds of tho National Anthem. Immediately aftor, a captain's esooit' of Life I Guards was seen to emerge from tho grand entrance to tho Castlo, and close behind thom carno ourringo ? after carriage, with the royal atato liverios, conveying tho guests of her Majesty who had boon invited 'to' tho Caitle. Tho first th-eo carriegos wero filled with «quer I rios and gentlemen, and ladies in attendance on the royal guests. . lu the fourth carriego the Maharajah Dhulcep Singh was obsorvod glittering "ju jewels, and wearing the Ribbon and Order of tho Star of India. The Princesses Dagmar and Thyra were recognised by many of tho porsons prosont, as was also tho Princess Christian, ll io mother of tho bride. - I. Tliis procession, tho first, waa tho procostion of her JIitjrsly's~~gucsl* and gontlomeu or ladies in attendance. Some ono exclaimed, 'Well done j Act tin First! Scene tho First .!. Admirable I* It served to whet our curiosity atill move as tho royal carriages-very much As in uomo other weddings, w.horo the guests outweigh tho carriago-powor-having set down, roturned for tnoro of tho magnates of tho hind. II. Thc next was tho procession of Hie royal family and'household-rlevon carriages} the lost four contained ult tho royal family present on that occasion. By tho cheering thu Duchess of Cambridge and tho Princess Mary seemed great favourites' though scarcely lesa hearty was the reception of1 tho Priucossos Iiolon and Louise. Priuoos Loopjld and Arthur, in Highland Cos- tume, had a good elinor, which they acknowledged with the graceful simplicity of two young gentlemen of high estate. :The Princess of Prussia, in the last oarriago, looked remarkably pleasant and happy as she bowed to tho many whot warmly greeted her. . II I. For tho procession of the bridegroom we aro now impatient; n quarter of an hour passed slowly away, the bands struok up tho National Anthem, the children cheered, and still tho bells clanged on in their merry peal, and six carriages of equerries, lords, and officers of tho household, passed but little heeded j ' all eyes were directed to tho last, with two footmen in gold lace and gorgeous hats. Tho Princo looked a noblo mid a gallant bridegroom, bowing right and'left repeatedly to the ap- plause which accompanied hilt on his way". - On arriving at tho west entronco of St George's Cliapol thc guard of honour saluted, and tho bridegroom was conducted by tho Lord Chamberlain ta his allotted place in tho olntp'cl. The procession .of the bridegroom was mada up of six carriages. .His supporter» being his Royal High- ness tho reigning Duko of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and his Royal Highness tho Crown Priuoo of Prussia. . IV.- Not yet was expectation at an ont!, Tout yet moro rifo for tho enchanting bride. Another quarter of an hour passed away, and all eyes wore directed to tho noblo archway. With the sanio escort as boforo came the procession of Ute bride, tho Princess Alexandra, with tho I)uko of Cambridge and her father, Prince Christian of Donmark, boing in tho lost of the carriages. If tho bride had just tho slightest tinge of ponsiveiioss, nor features wcro still radiant. Tho white veil falling grace- fully from hor hoad,.thc wodding wreath that sat with auch becoming graçe upon her fine, full/forehead,, «erred Jo moko up a picture of ona of the most charming- of brides ; and ns the Princoss passed before tho-gaxo of. enraptured spectators, moro than one was reminded of Burke's eloquent dosoripfon of tho beautiful Queen of Franco-" Surely nover lighted on this orb, which she hardly seomed to touch, a more delightful Vision. _ I saw her just abovo tho horizon, decorating and cheering tho elevated spboro she just bogan to more in, glittering like the morning star, full of life, and splendour, and joy. I thought ton thousand swords would leap out of thoir scabbards to avenge oven a look that threatened her with insult.' Tho glasson of tho carriage were up as it passod through tho gate, but tho Duke of Cambridge, after lean- ing forward as if to.oak her permission, lot them down that she might bo seen the botter. ' So much for the speotaclo without. In order to con- duct the wedding in tho Chapol Royal, and for the lord Chamborlniu to marshal the procession!, the Board of Work« built s large G-óthíb hall, opening out of tho chapel; surrounded by apartments. Facing tho chapel, the two rooms upon tho right were assigned to the bridegroom ythosoto the loft to the bride. The appearance of tho central room was that of a ban- queting hall of a baronial .mansion.' But first the visitors with tickets were received court- eously and arranged by Lord Sydnoy or tho Eon. Spencer Ponsonby, and many pf thc most distinguished families in tho om piro were thus represented at tho royal marriage Great curiosity evidontly prevailed about tho Recoption Hall bohind tho mysterious curtain, a drapery of silk and gold; Moro than onco some fairy-like figure carno floating down tho nnvo to «co tho apartments that lie beyond boforo thc brido and bridegroom arrive. Sometimes a more stately lady sails away on tho sama excursion, etquirod by tho ever-courteous ohamborlains. In this manner thero is no lank of moving objoots in tho nare boforo tho Beefeaters-it is vain to insist on any other namo-moving from thu chapol end. of the nave,, aro posted iu a lino, one by cadi pillar, to roark the courte of thc processions, and indicate tho begining of the ceremonial. ' ' ' All this time aro soen Cling in singly or in groups tho invited guests pf tho Qucon and the dignitaries whose rank claims posts of honour. Bnt moro especially must wo uoto ons who came with inllrm but' measured step, the wall'kuown figure scon so often for many long years, ona who fought in the famous fields of half a century since, and fighting still against tho inroads of time, laden with honours' aa with yenni-Viscount Combermere. This fine old soldier, of tho days of Wellington, carried our raomory back to him, so many yenrs tho centro figure in pictures liko.tha preaont. But'ero we cnn follow out snob trains of thought, nu a sudden arc heard from tho world without tho dolled bars of God Save the Queen, and as th ty are yet sounding nearer nnd nearer the purple curtain is drawn back, and there onto s tho nave tho pro- cession of tho royal guosts, amongst whom tho most striking and picturesque by far was his Highness the Malmrojah Dhulcop Singh, descendent of tho Lion of Lahore. . Jlo movod reaplondant with cloth of golden tissue with curious devices. Tho costume of tho East formed a strango contrast with uniforms and ladies' dresses, Among the crowd of notables now wo observed the itoyal Academician, Mr W. P. Frith, in full court cos-' tume, who had a seat allotted to him on the Bouth side of the altar immediately bohind the foreign royal person- age- on the haul pas, from whioh position wo presume it , is designed that ho should plan tho «ketch of the royal pict uro of tho wedding, commanded by the Queen. , . But'not least interesting in this procession was tho Prinoo Edward of Saxo Weimar, who-Tqiight in our rank« at-Inkcrraann. not far removed -from '.whom came Colonel Soymdurr.whQstooTi'near at hand in tlint terri- ble pres« of mc«r ''They». all passed into tho ohapol-a blaze of Danish, and Prussian,-, and Belgian,-and Ger- man green and blue, pioked out "with-English scarlet. Tt was now just twelve o'clock, whou ohctf-tnoro the samo purple onrtain was thrown open,' the trumpets bhvrod forth a silvery peal to the roll of drums, nndjao-. ing to the'chapel, two and twot followed by pursuivants and'heralds in tabards of omen,'covered with gobion doviccB, marched slowly towards tho chapel entrance up tho navc.'tho second great proociiion-tho Royal l<amily lind'the Queen's household, ' ? ! ; Tho effoot of this prooossion, slow in movement, bright in colour, and greatly resplendent, was vary beautiful. Rut thora was something moro- something which gold, and jewels, and rloh attire can never giro. The pulse of tho spectators beat more quickly and softly, too, as they aeo the ohildren of tho House ondeared to the nation hy t he virt ues of tho Queen and-the inoiuoi-y of the de- parted Prince. . Thc Princess Mary , of Cambridge, who wa« tho first of t ho royal personages in this procession, appeared to great advantage. But very greit iutorojt wa» created by tho junior numbera of tho royal family, the .Priucosics Beatrice, Louisa, and Helena, and the Prince* Leopold and Arthur-tbe two latter, TIB they walked ulong hmid in hand in their picturesque Highland.costume. Thc Princess Louis of Hesse, most familiar as the 'Prill-' cess Alice,' was eagerly expected and pointed out, mid not less interest was, created by the entrance nf thu ?Cro\fh"Prlnoc>B9. of Prussia, leading her little sou by tho hand. This pretty little fellow, dragging back anti 'look- ing round ns. children do, quito broke thc spell-no matter-mid added a homely family touch, that brought irnnghnntion back to mortal things. Shall wo whisper to the matrons of England a faet, which wo happen lo know-this sturdy young ' Pickle' iñude his royal und geninl-henrtcd idothor dreadfully afraid that * he'would not he good?* A« tlio trumpeters reach the choir, blowing lustily the exultant-strains, tiley- pass to the right and left, and Beethoven's Triumphal ¿larch heralds tho arrival of tho Erecession in the choir. - A few moments elapso, when ord Sydney, preceded by tho drums, returns tb the closed curtain at tho cad of tho nave, and soon after twolro o'clock appeared the procession of tho Brilia groom. ' Ilia Royal Highness, with tho mantle of tho Garter thrown over Iiis uniform, beat's hiiusolf, as all'would WÍBII hin I, with cheerful heart and princely carringa, re- turning with gentle looks aud inclinations thc heartfelt reverence that greeto'd him on either side. Thus on- wards he moves-may the vision bo realized!-thc near- est semblance of thc gorgeous dreams in Arabian tales whioh our more sobor views of tho changos and chuuees of this mortal lifo will allow us to pourtray. : Already, as the bridegroom's procession was. in thc chapel, tho gray pillara and stone-work of whioh by this time is so far roi io ved by broken linet and varied colors, that wo wero more than over thankful that haberdashers ecclesiastical .had not been allowed to profane thoso walls ; tho drums and trumpets that heralded tho approach had for a moment ceased. 1 Now for that dear Princess !' was whispcrod intensely but * with bated breath,' and the march from ' Athalio' renews tho joyous, strain. Thé curtain has closed again, ns if securely to give full elTiet to tho last great act in this inspiring. drama, whon-for real life novor wants some mundano incident-threo or four gentlemen omorgo from beneath tho curtain, with just such stands and. brass-fitted boxes ns in early rail- way, days wero tho usual premonitory symptoms that a ruthless hue was projected to out up some testy gentle- man's esttito. Let us hopo that art, so much encouraged by our royul family, has done its best to extend a bird's eye view beyond thc linet of time and space. However, this breaks tho spell of too trying a suspense till, at half-past twelve o'clock, tho heraldic Btrains re- sound'again, and the curtain rising for the. fonrth time admits thc procession of thu brido. At the programme of the various processions is published everywhere,, we need not repent it hore. But three parsons excited.the' liveliest interest-the Princess Christ isn, the mother of tho youthful brido, and her two daughters, tho Princesses Dagmar and Thyra, tho younger boing apparently about ton years of agc. Those princesses are both remarkably handsome, and the cider bears a strong resemblance to horsistor, the Princess Alexandra. But it waa on the royal mother that attention chiefly centered, and not without 6onie foelings of surprise. Tho Princess Christian looks far more like tho sister than the mother of the bride. Jfor beauty, stylo, and exquisito costume riveted every eye. In magnificence of costume tho Princess Christian was second to ronô in tho entire ceremonial. AB tho long train, swooping down tho nnvo, wot borne behind the Princesa Christian, it wat impossible to help fooling that a right royal and-truly. lovoly woman was thoro independently of hor being an object of Buch strong in- terest as Mother of tbs Bride. This waa a most trying -momont for tho Prince. Yee, yes, In's dream of joy is truo : no envious fato-such fears will minglo with hopes of too great happiness-has scatt- ered this fond vision of tho heart. She comes I "While tho Prince tums, looking to his bride, impatient of other incidents, nil eyes converge to hor-she advances in the ! midst of tho brilliant train, supported by Prince Christian j of Denmark and the Duke of Cambridge, thc formor in I military uniform, tho latter in tho dress of a Field Mar- shall, worn under his robes as a Knight of the Garter. Tho Princess looked as beautiful as she did on Saturday ; as to her hair wo never saw tho like-it needs no aid of diamonds ; ns to lier mnnnor, if there was ovident n lillie norvoiis agitation, with oyos cast down, ns if fearing to trust herself to look around amidst tho sudden blazo of n sceno so overpowering to every tsndcr heart, that dear young creature's wns not thc only henrt that beat ; other eyes tlinn hara would ill! with tears,- and other bouquots woro sternly clutched, ns if to deny tho weakness of thoso far older hands that boro them. Having joinod -many hands' on such occasions, and. witnoesod tho seddon flood of feeling that takes cvon strong men ns.by ttorn-although-in private llfe.witho»t_ tho. charms of music and tho conscious presenco ofao many Empathizing souls to induce a melting mood-wo more than onco that morning thought-' They are both BO young, how will they boar it nil !' However, nothing could bo bettor ; their nervo and self-possession speak well for the composure so desirable in royal life. * Tho dress, of ample but not inordinate dimensions, was of white tulle o vor white silk, richly decked with orango blossoms ; a wreath of the same pretty components on circled hor head and mingled with her soft brown hair, which wns not so entirely coiffée à la 'Chinoise as on Saturday, but had sufficient abandon given to it to per- mit one of those long pendant curls to fall npon her neck. For. ornament sho wore tho superb parure of pearla and diamonds presented to her by tho Prince.-Her train which was of great length, was of white silk, and was borne by tho eight noble ladies, her bridesmaids-the Lady Victoria Scott, the Lady Eliza - Bruce, tho Lady Emily Villiers, tho Indy Teodoro Wellesley, tho Lady Diana Beauelercythe Lady Victoria Howard, thc Lady Augusta Yorke, and tho Lady Eleanor Hare. A varied suite of officers, chamberlains, anil Indies of honour closed tho bride's nroerauion. On arriving at tho choir, ns tho bride entered, Handel's march from ' Josopli' waa performod hi tho orchostra. Her Royal Highness was conducted to her placo on tho haut pat by tho lord chamberlain-that is to any, on tho sido itndor the royal pow. She rando tho same obeisance, to thc Queen, and tho samo devotional roveronco te thc altar as tho bridegroom and others of tho family had doric. To him sho dropped n curtsy of infinite and ex .quisito grace, to which ho bowed response. And now, while tho Royal. Bride and Bridegroom re- mained standing about a foot apart, before tho com- munion table in tho usual form, und Hamid's march from Joseph, which had been playod at entering,-had ceased, slowly and solemnly broke out the solemn words : of tho choral :- ; «? This day, wltb Joyful .heart and voice. To lleav'n be -simd a nation:» prayer : Almighty Father, deign to Brant Thy blessing to the wedded pair. , So «hall no claud* of anrnm dim The sunalilne or their early dava : Hut happiness in endless round Shall still encompaaa ali their ways.* If wo simply say that the.exquisite musio of this chnnt wns composed by the Into Prince Consort, and ;t)ie voice of the Swçdish nightingale mingled.in the choir;-fori Madame Goldsclumdt Lind was títere !-wo nocd not soy a word ns to tho touching memories of that thrilling moment. ' ' -. ' ' And hero wo will bribtty mention that-ns all England by this timo knows-in a cabinet high above tho heads cf tho company,- neither unseen nor prominent, sat tho' Queen. Besiring tq bo private, her Majesty, however others are pleased to write, will not be drawn from her retirement byany wordof oura. -. yf.a agree .with Tacitus,* it is a cruel atato of things indeed 'when- oven onr very; sighs' (in this CBBC we would have Baid 'glances of alPoc I tion*-a mother's yearnings in the most interesting 1 moments of hor children's fortune) 'aro all numbered.'. But, revoro ns wo will tho sanotity of private feeling, thoro aro moments BO inviting to meditation that it were difficult to be wholly silont. There, 'from the loophole of her retreat,' commanding a view of all her family, and all tho noblest of the land assembled to do them'honour, it was doubtless with'subdued and auber feelings that hor Majesty looked fondly down on this' heart-stirring crisis in tho lifo and fortunen of her first born BOIL Yct'it scorns to us but aa yesterday that we greeted tha same auspicious dawn of connubial lif.i for the parent whioh is now opening on the child. Much things 'are no flatterers, but feelingly remind us what wo are.' Tho vary Bight of our widowed Queon, sitting in her sable robes, high above, all that happy company, «comed to throw over 'all tho pomp of heraldry and priai» of power' something of a lurid and o chastoned light. Tho luinian heart in ovory aga has owned nn instinctive -distrust of ovcr-triach prosperity as too giddy a height for mortal man i and wo wero forcibly reminded, as of sortie warning prophetess in Grecian Btory, pointing'.-through all tho visions of tho hour with silent but admonitory.! Buger, to a darker state ever looming in the distance, and vii tually saying to the youthful bridegroom at tue vary crisis of his happiness ; .', ' Rejolro, O youngman, tn thy youth. Liv» joyfully with thy vifeithom thoa torta all Hie days nf thy. lire-' fur tb HU thy portion In tula life'-'but know this, that for all theio thlnfii \íoá will bilng thee unto Jndgrnont.' Tho Archbishop of Canterbury, tho Bishop of Loudon, tho Bishop of Winchester, tho Dialiop of Chester, apd the Renn of Windsor, with the canons and minor canons of Windsor nlood within tho communion; rails." " Hie archbishop thon, in n olear, sonorous, and distinct voice,, rend tho-quaint old formula-? l* t require «nd charge yon both, na ye will answer at the dread- ful day ut' Judgment, » lien lint »icrwlo of all hvait* shall b« ttl cloaod, that ir either ur you know any iin|iedlineni why you um) - not be lawfully Joined together In matrimony y.' do now cot.fen lt Vor be ye well »saureit, thal i>» man; ns are coupled together oilier-' Vlsi than U.id'j \rurd dolli allow ure notjoluod together by God; neilhur Is their matrimony lawful.* . Ol'course liii Urneedid »ot watt very long for any- one to forbid tho rite, but proceeded t ' Albert Edward,' wilt thou liave thh woman to thy wedded wife, to live together alter (jud's ordinance in the holy cátale of matrimony t li ill thou lave hwr, rouil'urt her, tioitour and kerp her in sicklies« and In lienlili ; lind, 'fqr.nk.lii|{ all oilier, kaep I lite i only iiiuu her, au lon j us ye both »hall live!' The service requiring ' tho man' to amwet ' I will.* ! the Prince responded, 'the newspapers say, in n very I low but audible voice. Of course. If audiblo to tho minister, no ono ever tries to do inore, least of all do ladies say ' I will'quito in the sumo tone aa a parish clerk's ' Ajnon.' , Turning to her Royal Ifighucss, his Grace said : 'Alexandra Caroline »lory, wilt thoa have this man to thy wedded husband lo live loui'llier after Uod's ordinance in the holy cátale of matrimony? Will thou obey lil.n, mid aervc him, love, honour, and keep him in sickness »nd tn health; and, forsaking all other, keep the« only unto him, io long ss ye both aimil llvat' Uer Royal Highness responded in duo form, 41 will,' audible enough to those aronnd lier. His Grace proceeded : . Who ulvcth thia woman to bo married to this man J' Tho Prince and Princess plighted their troth to each other in the usual manner j Her Royal Highness being given away by her father. His Royal Highness took lus bride by tho right hand and repeated aftor tho Archbishop ¡ ' I, Albert Edward, take theo, Alexandra Caroline Mary, to roy .wedded wife, toliavcaud to hold from thia day forward, for better for »ont, fur richer for poorer, In aickncaa and In health, to love and to charUh, till death ul do part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I plight thee iny troth.' Tiley then loosed their liands, and tho brido taking tho bridegroom's right hond in hers, softly and modestly repeated after t ho Archbishop's more emphatic delivery: 'I Alexandra Caroline Mary, take thee, Alhert Edward, to m> wedded husband, to bavo and to hold, from this day forwa-d,. for : better for won«, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, ! to love, cherlnti, and to obey, till death ns do part, according to Oort's holy ordinance ; and thurelo I Rlvo theo my troth.' I The Hoy al hands woro nguiu loosed; and then the 1 bridegroom, putting tho ring on tho bride's Unger, re- pented aftor tito Archbishop : 'With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, anti with all my worldly gooda I thee endow. In tho naroo of the Father, and of thc .Sou, and of thc Holy t'.hoat. Amen.' Tho brido and bridegroom now knelt down after which tho Archbishop joined their hands with tho usual solemn words ; but when his Graca, after the customary form had said :'I proclaim that they bo mau and wile togethor in tho name of. the Father, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost ;. and when he had at once to pro- ceed with that benediction-tho most touching form of word«, and tho most overpowering to tho minister m »ll tho Liturgy-word's that very fow clergymen con pro- nounce over those dear to them, without emotion, which an elevated voico invariably betrays., it was cvidont thnt to preservo unbrokon tones in his clear delivery tried the primate very hard. The 67th Psalm was chanted at the end of tho' Glossing ; and at tho conclusion of tho sorvice the chorus, from the ' Mount of Olivoä* was sung. Tho united procession of tho brido and bridegroom was now forinod and tho young PJUNCKSS OP WATIKS, leaning on tho arm of her husband, and proudly conducted by him, waa led through tho choir, the trumpoU sounding through tho navc,whoro tho curtains dropped for tho. last timo on this imperial pageant. . At length, too, tho shrill bray of tho silver' trumpets spoke, tho cannons sounded, and bells rung, and it wns known far and wide that Albert Edward and Alexandra woro ono. The cohoes thundered about tho old castle and tho fair meadows beyond ; and immediately Unshod nlong the telegraph tho happy nows, which', at that mo- ment, hundreds of clerks at different stations' were wait- ing to pass on ns a signal for firing cannons or for ring- ing bells in every part of England. Some littlo time after thc booming of the artillery had proclaimed the' termination of the murringo rite, the bride and bridegroom carno forth on their roturn to tho stnte apartments of the Castle, where hor Majesty had kindly returned, rondy to giro the fl mt greeting to tho now Princess of Wala*, known to bo no loss dear as o daughter than ns a bride. Though graciously permuted to seo and hear (hus much, all now oro affairs of private life, into which it wore a had return indcod too curiously to pry. 