THE MAGAZINES. Fraser for September has an article on the Prussian -crisis ; but Gorman politics are, as the ? Avriter vemarks, distasteful to us feoja their ?'' slowness,' and it is not easy to comment upon tfcfaam. in any very contrary attain. 'We get, feowever, some useful information as to the 'state of parties and tile elements of public opinion in the best'Cducated kingdom of Europe, and we are 'bouad to say that it is not ea , tjouraging for the lovers of liberty. Com paratively few people in Prussia, _ as m ? (Germany in general, take a lively interest fin public affairs, and yet it is a country where, as the dominant classes are peculiarly powerful, the weight of numbers is peculiarly ' mecessary om tho side of the reformers. The ?opening article in Fraser is a 'Piea for the 3Free IMscussion of Theological Difficulties,' on *the ground that — 'We cannot live on proba bilities. The faith in which Ave can live bravely !au& die in peace must be a certainty, so far as ' $'c professes to be a faith;' and, again, 'The time is past for repression, and the only remedy is a full and fair investigation. Ihings will never right themselves if left alone. It is idle to say peace when there is no peace, and the concealed imposthuass is more dangerous than an open wound.1' We are reminded that the 'policy thus recommended gave us, three hundred years ago, the Reformation. ' A Fortnight in .Belgium, in the June and July of 1863,' is a. jpleasant gossiping. The Netherlands are, to be 'sure, a well trodden tourists' route, and., like Hother visitors, the writer before us is in love ''wi'fch Flemish farming, King Leopold's rule and Uhe mediseval architecture of Bruges. Neverthe less, the paper does not l&ok; freshness. We find, among the facts noted, that the weavers of. Ghent have sulieued comparatively as much fipom the American war' as have those of Man chester or Eouen. When bathing on the shore -of Ostead, the stranger was astonished by the iargunecnts of a native physician in favor of 'wading out to deep water, instead of pluEg£;i.g tboidly in — for which latter mode there was, in deed, on those desolate sands, no available ?opportunity. The genius loci stood up patrioti cally in laudation of the preliminary air- bath, and of the gradual acclimatisation of the body to the sea water by the wading process, as like 'wiee the absence of shock ' where the bather ha^ nnore or less disease of. the heart ;' but lie could mot overcome the insular retort, that the shock and simultaneous immersion are for persona iu jrobusfc health, ' eminently corroborant,' to use , lthe language of Lord Bacon. ' The Periodical \ I'ross of the United States' furnishes a synop sis of the chief journals and Iften of the transatlantic newspapers, of which, in the Federal States alone, it seems there are 300 dailies and 3000 weeklies. A note to the ob servations on the state of the manufacturing districts lets us see by_ how much the contribu tions from Australia in aid of Lancashire dis tress exceeded those of the other colonies. The amount from Nova Scotia, the next in the list of ' ?contributors, was £5280 ; from the West l Indies, . £2604 ; from New Zealand, £M9!) ; jfrom Canada, £2467 ; and from India, £1867. The amount from Australia was £51,980. There are some ' Thoughts touching Dream Life,' — philosophic and curious, — aud other, matter in this number worth reading. Blachwood, this time, is hardly as good as usual. Irrespective of the fiction there is not a great deal to commend. ' The Pyramids — who ibuilt them — and when' sheds no new light on the question — ' evidence assuredly there is none. We may conjecture the oldest pyramid to be of the age of Abraham — say, 2100 B.C. ? * * * * * As a question of ?critical evidence, there is absolutely no thing in modern speculations to determine one Avay or other the problems that were in soluble to Herodotus.' Carlyle's essay inter ested us all years ago in Jean Paul Kichter. The reviewer of a translation of one of Kichter's ?works, namely, the romance ' Titan,' presents here a conception of llichter which Carlyle omitted. He portrays his ^ncbulousness, a German literary quality, which the more western mind has littlo patience with, and very justly. Whether we be British or French, ?we can have no patience with ' a humorist ?whose sentences are like Chinese puzzles ; ?whose meaning is as hard to penetrate as tho driest chapter in Locke or Cudworth.' We cannot afford to bestow ' a persis tency and doggedness of attention,' unless on *? scholastic or professional studies.' The Germans, on the contrary, can afford to bestow It, as they are out of the western bustle, and they seem to relish, from that and perhaps other causes, a certain abstruseness of stylo. So we cannot blame their writers if their style be often abstruse. They have no inducement or obligation to make it better. The abstruse Hiess of style, which is token of want of power in an English or French writer, is not so, therefore, in a German, ltichter is not always abstruse ; but whether so or not, he is always good, often grand — invariably worth getting at. There is no mysticism, suroly, though there is depth in saying that ' Linda was without ?vauity, because standing at the throne of a divine idea, and man is never vain before God ?' nor in the following extracts on tho abstraction ?of time : — With an exalting power tho thought seized the youth that this very minute was measuring millions of littlo and long lives, and the walk of tho cater pillar and the ilight of the sun, and that tho very siime time was being lived through by the worm and God, from worlds to worlds through the universe. 'OGod!' he exclaimed, 'how glorious is it to exist!' ? Perhaps nearer to our daily feelings is the following : — When man stands before the soa, and on mountains, and bofore pyramids aud ruins, and in the pi-esciico of misfortune, and feela himself exalted, then does be stretch out his arms after tho great Friendship, And when music and moonlight, and spring and spring tears softly move him, then his heart -dissolves, and he wants Love. And he w-hto has never sought either is a thousand times poorer than he who has lost both. The thirteenth part of ' Caxtoniana' is some what better than several of the parts, its pre decessors. It relates to ' Authors, in \vhose works knowledge of the world is displayed.' ' The battle of Gettysburg and tho campaign in Pennaylvauia,' thougii the last is not the least Conspicuous of the contents of Blachwood. The narrator, an English colonel, who made a summer tour of the Confederate armies, does not find them at such extremity as has been supposed or described by others. He saw no lack of necessaries among them. As for arms, they all possess the Enfield. In fact, there is such a surplusage of gopd rifles that he saw ' enormous piles rotting in the open aii% We are astonished to learn tliafc -th'e Southern cavalry, of whose exploits we heard so much and who are Well mounted, and are born riders, unlike the Northern di-agoons, have just tis little inclination after all for close quarters. We knew that the Federal cavalry, hastily got up, was the weakest part of the Union army ; but it is certainly news that those .dashing cavaliers — the Virginian planters — ?' though ex cellent at making raids, capturing waggo&s; and stores, and cutting oat communication, seem to have no idea of . (charging infantry under any circumstantes. They wear swords, but seem to have little idea of using them — tke.y hanker after their carbines and re volvers.' The rival sabreurs seldom come closer to each other than forty yards. In both armies ' the infantry and artillery don't seem to respect the cavalry very much, and often jeer at them.' The Cornhill opens with '.The Small!. ItoVtse at Allington,' whose interest. Sags in the pre sent chapters, ' Out of l\\\e World,' is a frag ment of a tale,, well told. 'How we Slept at the Ghalet desGhevres' is amusing certainly, though offeiing* we think, a not agreeable illustration 'of the eccentricity of manners, which has of late sprung up, and become both .popular and fashionable in England. There is a paper oa ' Going to the Dogs,' by a diligent observer of human nature. Here is a taste of his , quality : — ? ? , Professional men. are rubied, and go /6ft V ?&'& fep parently as well off nearly as evei\ Tbiero was my friend tho doctor— Dr. Slop i(vi'fe Will call him). One day he called together 'Mb butcher, his grocer, his daughter's schGol^feistecss, and other long-suffering creditors-, *;ii& Mid, 'My debts are £1500, my' goods 'and chattels are assigned under a bill of sale, aiid it 3Tou put in an execution, a big white jar of leeches, with drugs and gallipots, are all you will get ; but, per contra, I have a fluctuating estate in. , mumps, measles, and midwifery cases, that aVor- j ages £800 a year. But nil tins retires 'fcMt j[ ' should still keep up appearances', &n-L; .yoni- /Sucttrity will vanish unless you leave in!6 S600 a year to go on with.' I actually knew '& case in which credi tors subscribed 16 keffcp ft man afloat, to work on af; the rate o$ one jMhd for them and three for himself. But the p^fessions furnish hut a very small con tingent of those who ' go to the dogs.' For pro fessional men havo habits, as well as knowledge, wliieh generally save them from the lowest depths of social misery. It is of the ' do-notkiugs'* — of the foolish sons of foolish mothers— who either were brought up to nothing, or f olio \vetil some pro fession too loungingly to overtake ft— it is of tf.ein we care alone to speak, having observed n'c't & few, and marked several distinct stages 't§ llieir progress to the Isle of Bogs. Tfeeso stages arc generally much tho same, ftivd the men are easy to classify ac cording to their ages, or the years it takes either to tire cut Or to see the last of their relations — though some go down hill much faster than others. The first stage is generally run by about thirty-five years of age at the latest. Youth, and all youthful in dulgence, by that time have passed away, — many of your old family fiiends have passed away, too, and you find yourself among a set in society who look Lard at you, are particular about introductions, and rigorously sum you up for what you are, and not at all for what you havo been ; and you begin to stand very little on the respectability of your family, and very much upon your own. There was Charles Willes. Ho talked about all kinds of professions, but followed none. He wanted ' something under Government,' and Charlie's ideas «,, . 1 ? . .1 ? S~1 ? „ ? L,, ? '« or ?? somemung unuev wuveriimtsuo were amusing. He once told me that ' something iu tho Woods and Forests, or some out-of-door work, would suit him exactly ; but a high stool in an office would bo the death of him.' At last his father lost all patience with him, principally because 'Great Western' dividends had gone down to something fractional, and as Chavlie thought that the older he grew, the more money ho was entitled to spend, the paternal ire did one day culminate at such a pitch over long bills for lavender kids, patent leather boots, and ' follies changing with the varying hour,' that Charlie was sentenced to transportation, in tho modem sense of tho term — that is, condemned to emigrate : but just then the father died, and the mother — Lord love the whole generation of them — would not confirm tho senteneo. So Charlie lived on idly and extravagantly, till his three sisters had married, and last of all his mother died and was buried ; and the only wavm heart that no folly or recklessnoss on Charlie's part could ever chill was buried with her. Then camo the opening of the will, and tho family did not feel inoro indulgent to Charlie, when they found that though the Prodigal had already had his share, a- pound a-weok was charged on the sisters' portions notwithstanding. But the sisters still felt sisterly, and Charlie was ? billeted from one to another till they had hungry and oxpensivo children to provide for. From that hour, Charlie's idleness was seen in all its frightful enormity, simply because what Dr. Chalmers called ' tho expulsive iniluenco of aneAv!affcctiou' squezed and elbowed Charlie out of the sisters' heart. How ever, lie hung on a little longer, being allowed the run of his teeth, and the run of the house — married people, when they won't part from their money, will yet stand money's worth; and family charity is very much after tho fashion of the now Poor Law : they will take you into tho House; but fight against all out-door relief. Yon may fancy whnt uiy feelings were, at tho last Horticultural — knowing, as I do, that every shilling. had been wrung from grumbling relatives, if not borrowed, or won at billiards from soft and silly companions— when Charlie appeared ' so stylish and well got up, from the tip of his fingers to the ends of his toes, that any plain man who pays his way would look barely passable in comparison ! I am sure some one must suffer fp^,a]lL,jik.iQ. ,tt cannot be all honest, and fcfc'e day of reckoning must come,; f6'r t?ie &lage; of idleness soon leads to — Stage iiie Second. In this stage I can follow Charlie's downward progress, for I see it in his more wily friend John. Watling. John has survived father, mother, and even the old aunt who clung to him so long, having nursed him as a- child, put up with him during his holidays, and change-of-aired him at sundry times for years; and now John has had positive notice from his brother-in-law that ' he must find something to do,'- aud all the family in terest lias been brought to bear with One £n£tl spas modic eflbl-fc to procure soriie u genteel'— there's tlii} tiyeilastvu* difficulty — .'Vgerilsel 'employ qient.' Well : oi\e i&orch;&nt; lo:o!ttid asfre'fr dt iJdhn's moustache. His sister implored him to shave it off , before he went to the office for the firm of Catcher ?and Co. to take his measure, but John became furious at this practical suggestion; for John's was just that kind of moustache that proves an alibi of all worldly ssnso and working qualities : so that chance came to nothing. Another man, an old friend of tho Watling family, said he waa willing to do what ho could, but seven*and'thirty, -with jlie added, privately) a seedy look ilitb ,the bargain', Ava3 too old % be.gim'iinjf biisitfisL #6tin cad hbt ilie fencwl'efigB or the capital to be ' master,' or the tact or temper to be 'man.' 'The son of a grocer,' he added, 'would feel rich and cheerful, where a ' gentleman felt poor aud miserable. Indeed, I could not endure to be hampered in business by the sen sitive feelings of any man' In short, ' gentility' in middle lif e is a bar to all employment. When last I heard of John, ho was trying id order everybody's wine, and everybody's vcbals, Atid ^%6n had thoughts of taking ^vevyli'a'd.y'n likeness in a tauchtng-up pn^tdgr'ap'Mc iine ; for I have observed, ivMfty,.'meTi1o&n; draw who can do nothing else ; but, nrst of all, he wants everybody's name as security for au advance of commodities to trade ?with ; but this everybody has the presence of mind to refuse, well knowing that all the gains will bo spent from hand to mouth, and all the losses left for his obliging bondsmen. While John Watling'a fiittli'e is yet undecided, though, te my llliiitl) Clear enough, I read its continuation ill Philip WaMlAw-, whose idleness has graduated in jjrafliga\iy 'and dishonor'. ' Doing nothing' is, with Idle i^en^ui'te^ mis horAer. Lazy. anA luiwipis', thaj soon forth very fbstly atid ^el'f-induT^eut habifss--Dad habits all the !&6re r'uinoufe iA their consequences, because the 'araMe'S ttud disgusted relatives who support them always fancy that the least they can do is to behave themselves, to cat humble pie with an appetite, and, in short, to be models of amiability aud every social and domestic virtue.' There never was such a mistake ! With men liko PJiiJ., drinking arid smoking soon become necessaries of lifie-. PiiiUp soon proved, tts IMle Gchiltroe said',^'(6,n,i!ii\e6' Md example iii ally we'el-regahUSd fS^ily;'' arid his sistei- grew ftn£6aricu& t-oyond all patience, when l\eS* .b.'&sb;'sSS.a sheared rather less liko a steady ifK&lfy; man and decidedly more lax for her Philip's company, and Philip was threatened, in Irish phrase, ' with the key of the street.' As to de claiming against Philip's self-indulgence — in de fault of .something to do, the cravings for follies of all kmds reaches a point of morbid, feeling actually irresistible. Idle 111 en tSntpt Safcan to tempt them. They had tt'ee'A fee of the stuff that martyrs are. *ttad%or.;;c A. i&an;'B ?? ? jj&incirnes; will eommOnty Stand. £6 - inucli strain 'an'd 'po, mq-re. ttis cbmpositidn is made vm a-yl moulded for the fcemp&riite; ^zoAes of coiaificA liftj-, felit thawing in the t6 Aid' regions of p^sslOns fired without diver sion-, 'or Shrinking before penury's nipping blast %v the wintry chill of that scorning, scowling world that expects all the more perfections be cause you are poor. I am sure it takes as much self-denial, high principle, good temper, and virtue of all sorts to steady and to ballast ono idle man as woidd keep ten busy men in innocence itself-. Added to this, they say, ' Philip *s stt Mgr&teful; we can do nothing nroro for lHni.' Just to if, iu this mortal worlds any one man's gratitiide evfer were kuown to swell up to the inordinate dimen sions of auy grudging donor's expectations. Colbwni's JSfcvi Monthly has an entertaining rehash of a Parisian's traVxjls ih tile provinces — -amonKtboSe breach provincial towns, 'which, ?vvith their fine old medueval relics, are sleep ing beauties, redolent of lethargy aud ennui. Go there in the year 1800, in 1825 and 1850, and you will find the same things in the same places, even to the beggar at the church door, who like the grand Lama of Thibet never dies ?' The opening article is on the recent discoveries in Central Australia, and the concluding one collects some facts about the Kingdom of Siam- which has, of late, like other Oriental realms, been exciting much commercial attention. Macmillan makes an amende for Mr Carlyle's effusion in the last issue, which the Editor acknowledges 'astounded most people by de scribing slavery as a hiring for life.' A brief dialogue on the other side appears this month from the pen of a Mr Ludlow. Its merit, how ever, is exclusively the contradiction. It lacks point or wit as much as that which called it forth. The Indian notes of a 'Competition Wallah' furnishes this time a ?spiritedly narrated incident of ' The Great Mutiny.' ' On the Links of St. Mungo — a Day Avith the Golfers,' has much of the heart and zest of old Christopher North. The criti cism by Mrs Norton, 'On the Angel in the House, and the Goblin Market,' deserves perusal. This is the best number for some time of the Dublin University Magazine. In the 'Notes on Eulogium' it is truly said that Demosthenes was a greater orator than Cicero, because, in spired with more passion, he thought more of his subject and object,, and less of himself. Mirabeau was a wonderful orator. ' No wonder, Avith his hideously magnificent aspect and indomitable air, and his voice electric like the roar of the lion.' IIo disdained the usual artifices and fictitious ornaments of the elo cutionist as ' thunders and lightnings of the opera.' Napoleon, Avho faltered and Avas dumb in the Senate, had lips touched Avith fire when he spoke to soldiers. What could be , finer than his words ? to his men at tho Moscowa battle — ' Soldiers, behold the s^m that shone at Auster. litz!' Or at the battle of the Pyramids— ' From tho top of those Pyramids forty cen turies look down: on,;you to-day.' Qfc afl££ leaving Elba arid lauSing at . Cannes, when, hs summoned France to rise and join him — ' Vic tory will march at the charge step ! The eagle with the national colors will fly from steeple to steeple even to the turrets of Notre Dame!' 'The Grand Tour' recalls in a lively strain the travels of a Hanoverian cour tier of the time of George the First, and more amusing than edifying is it to find the King's German ttlistr esses, Avho are held tip to the ridicule of ths' present day by the vM of fliackeray .and so (many . ptliersi.snolen of iii fcijrnls. o| extravagant laudation i by ..iheia cdtenip'brary litteratelii1. The sketch1 6f Mrs Fitzhenry, an actress of the last century, is very well done, like the similar ones in former numbers, charged with anecdotes of the ' Green-room.' . . London Society, in a paper on ' London Editors and Reporters,' has memoirs and porr ' traits of James Perry, Avho founded the Morn ing Chrdnklef and. of ' Memory Wopdfiill^ f,He Mlibjc of-, ilie mbderii system, of re'tPprteii!^ 'Mere Is niticli pleasant cfiat ill (i Club Critics' and ' Curiosities of Fashion' ; and no stint of fiction readable more or less. In Bentky, there is a notice of the adven tures of Sir John Hawkwood, the : famous English leader of Condottieri, or Filibusters of the Middle Ages. 'After a Battle' ist a picture true to, nature . in its. ghastly, details* The sg?pidi,i,;eiyehce is tb th'&Atav; $ Ijpifir ftp-ray. From a cluster of ghost storiesj ' Ayliicli so far have baffled explanation in their respec-t tive neighborhoods,' we may extract the fol lowing one, pertaining to a house in- Somerset shire, and vouched for as fact in Mr Spicer's book, here veA'iewed : — ? I was Adsiting, about two years ago, at a friend's house, ft few miles from 1!\ --??-? \ when my. attention' Was attracted* one f^y ^ dinner; td a cbiivers&tidjl.; ihat wds gdiiig. dii; haying reference to the hiiuntqfL 'character of . B-^ %\V$- ^«-r l&r-Tr.i;|ilThe .suW ^e,c,t sepnj$d;,tp interest the sto'ealrevp so iiitiijh, that I' jtfe^gco. to bis informed of the details, aud itJamSd' liiat a particular corridor of the mansion in question' was, every night, at twelve o'clock,, the scene of an occurrence that had hitherto defied all explanation. . One of tho party had himself been a visitor at B ? ? House, and, being sceptical and devoid of fear, , re quested permission to keep vigil in the haunted gallery. Ho did so, witnessed tlio phenomenon) aiid; ' nothing on eal'fcll,' he frankly owilgd, '.'..w'dUjd j$; diie'e uie td repeat the diperim.ejd^' ^jje, ; jthjsji. rej;' cofthtea tcj, nip .certain iCir.qumstanqp.s,. vrhicli agrejpijtf , 'So nearly with wliaHl iiiyseK subsequently witnessed, . that it will be better to narrate them from the direct evidence of my own astonished senses. ' My curi osity being greatly iucreascd by the manifest belief ? accorded by those present to this gentleman's story, . I obtained an introduction to the family, of B- ? ; House, and received from them a ready permission to pass a night, or moro, if necossury, in tha haunted corridor; t. was at fiill likrtyj ttjcll;dc)^i;i ;' tb beiS'ct afay tidriipauWii.I .chose, for jblle Ma,tt venture; ;ah'A I aGCOTch'ngly, invite.^ a4 .old .fhend,n ilr. \y'; fe ? -, who happened,^ be. shotting 'in the p^eigty-. ^orhqpd, ,tQ :a'ccpmpanirimov ,j£— — ) ljj£Q rriyseHJ jwa'e disposed to incredulity in sttch matters; hs kad nfevei' seen anything ot tho sort before, and' was positively assured either that nothing unusual would occur on the night when two such sentries were on duty, or that we should have no great, diffi- 1 culty in tracing the phenomenon to a fleshy source. The family at B ? happened at this period to be . from home, but authority having been jjiven us to ' mate any arrangenieutB WG pleasedj K— -^ atld t ' proceeded to the mansibnj.;int9n,dirjfglldt ijli ^'eiiiq| : to devote \\\V6 rii^hls to tlio fap e'riniSni;. It . 17111 bs ? ' 'Seen thai tins $ivt part of the plan was not strictly ? earned out ! We dined early at five o'clock, . and ,. jih order to make .certain of tho clearness of our ?li'e&ds;, drarik nothing but a little table-beer. We, Jlad then six hours , before lisj but, resolved tcv lose no eh;an'co; we. took up our position ai, price' ? itt thS Haitntocl o6i:rltidr. It ^as 8f cosi^«tSi^biQ . length, with n door at each extremity, and ono of , two at the side. My friend K ? is a good piquet player, and as our watch was to be a pro longed one, and it was extremely desirable to keep r ourselves well on the alert, it was agreed to take some cards with its. Combining business with pleasure, wo placod our card-table so as completely to barricade the passage ; our two chairs exactly . filling up the space that remained, bo that it would be impossible for Any mortal creature to Tjjv'dsi throUgli without disturbing tis. Inadditibn to thiiiSj We placet! two lighted candles on the g'rdund neal* ' the Avail, at two or three feet from the table, on the side from which the mysterious footsteps always came. 'Finally, we placed two revolvers and two life- preservers on the table. Theso precautions taken, we commenced our game, and played with varying success till about eleven o'clock. At that time, growing a little tired of piquet, we dlanged ? the game to ficarte, and played until the boilse* clock sounded midnight. Mechanically we dropped qur cards, and looked alottg' tlie dim corridor. No sounds, however, followed, and after pausing a minute or two, we resumed tho game, which chanced to bo near its conclusion. - ' I say it's nonsense Bitting up,' yawned K — — , - 'this thing never comes, you know, after twelve. , What do you say ? After this game ?' I looked at . my watch, which I had taken the precaution to set by the church clock as we entered tho village. By ' this it appeared that the house-olock was; fast. It wanted yet three minutes of the hour. Pointing out '? the mistake to K ? , I proposed that we should, by all means, wait another ten minutes. The words were not fairly out of my mouth,- when the door afc tho end seemed to open and recloso. This time the f cards literally dropped from our hands, ^or, although nothing could be seen, tho conviction was growing on both our minds that something had ontered. Wo ?were soon moro fully convinced of it. Tho silence Avas broken by a tapping sound, such as would be caused by a light person, wearing high-heeled shoes, quietly coming towards us up tho gallery, eaoh step, as it ai-proachcd, sounding more distinct than tho last ; exactly, in fact, us would bo the case under ordinary circumstances. It was a firm and regular tread — light, yet determined — and it Avaa accom panied by a sound between a sweep, a rustle, and a whistle, not comparable- to anything but the brush- ? ing of silken dress against tho walls. How K ? aud I looked as the sounds advanced, as it wore, to gtpimus, I will not protend, to say, I confess I .was, for the moment, petrified with amazement, ami neither of us, I 'believe, moved hand or foot. On— on-^ora — came the ta2) and rustle ; they reached the lighted candles on the floor, passed them, not even disturbing the flame. Then the tapping ceased, but the invisible silken robe seemed to brush the wall on both sides, on a level with our heads ; then the tap ping recommenced on the other side of the table, and so, receding, made its exit at the other door. As .for making use of our revolvers or life-preservers, the idea never once occurred to either of us. There was not even a shadow at which to strike ; it was sound alone. I feel that any attempt to explain this strange phenomenon at once to my own satisfaction and that of others, would be perfectly futile. I must of necessity content myself with simply nar rating the fact as it occurred, and as it had been, and_ probably may yet be, witnessed by many others, as little predisposed as my friend K ? and I to be made the dupe of any human artifice. I may men tion that, on one occasion, it chanced that a nurse in the family had to pass through the corridor, about the hour of twelve, carrying, or rather lead ing, a little girl who was deaf and dumb. As the sounds passed, the child appeared to shrink back in the utmost alarm, struggling and moaning to got away, nor could she ever be induced to enter the corridor again, without evincing the same violent terror.' Temple Bar has a ballad in behalf of Poland, . not deficient in spirit, though hardly equal to the occasion. G. A. Sala's 'Breakfast in Bed' paper is, this time, critical of the stage in London and Paris. 'Dining for the Million' has the latest information on that subject of general interest. But, perhaps, this issue of Temple Bur is, as a whole, less sub stantial' than that for August. The Neio Review (published monthly) has a paper on 'Central Australia, and its Aptitudes for Colonisation' — ' colonisation which, so like that mercy Shakspeare extols, confers a twofold benediction— it blesses the land that gives, and that also which takes.' ' Mahomet and his Religion' is a digest of Mr Muir's book. It is only in these days that justice is being done to the Arabian prophet, whom our fathers so resolutely set down as an impostor and scoun drel. Mahomet never taught, it should not be forgotten, all the dogmas which, now go by the name of Islam. What he said was largely added to by his successors, and only the tribes of the desert, remote from the craft and so phistry of towns, have kept his faith pure. We should remember, also, that he found a cruel and even brutal idolatry among his coun trymen; and that he substituted a faith which, whatever its faults and accompaniments, was in essence a simple deism, and so, superior to the polytheism, with its human sacrifices, which it displaced. Some of Mr Muir's anecdotes of Mahomet are very illustrative of his sincerity, as well as strength of character, Mahomet was, we are told, of commanding aspect, of well made spare figure, with large head, black hair, rolling in curls over his ears, and large black eyes; ' darting their keen glances from under the black arched eyebrows. He had a thin high nose slightly curved, teeth far apart in a large, slightly sensual mouth ; a long black beard, and a countenance pensive, yet often lit up with passion, humor, or ready wit. He spoke seldom, but always gracefully to the point.' Swift and Stella, and the general career of the Dean of St. Patrick's, with its incompre hensible love passages, have, it seems, been . just dramatised for the French stage, and a notice of the fact is among the readable con tents of the New Review. In ' Stray Thoughts on Coleridge,' we are told that none of the great talkers have equalled the table talk of Coleridge — 'not Luther's, 'redolent of his spirit, stern and sturdy as himself;' not ' Selwyn's graceful utterances ;' nor 'the stately sentences of Johnson.' People came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon and of Coleridge as well. In a disser tationon the quality of genius, the reviewer quotes the saying of Longfellow : — ;? What most I prize in woman Is. her affections : not her intellect. The intellect is finite ; but the affections Are infinite, and cannot be exhausted. He also draws attention to the fact that genius renders a man attractive to all his own sex as welL as the opposite one, whereas it seems to exhibit no such influence in the case of woman. The strong-minded Queen Elizabeth was less fascinating than her weaker cousin Mary, and the 'blue stockings' of modern times are less dangerous than the comparatively brainless beauties of their acquaintance. Natural wit is do doubt a wonderful weapon in the hands of woman, but nobody, if we mistake not, ever reaily fell in love with a woman for her science or erudition, no matter how seemingly dazzled by her literary reputation. The Cavalry and the Railway Department. — The \ country, through its representatives in Pav liamont, has declared that tho volunteer force is most suited as a means of defenco to tho require ments of the colony. Officers of high standing have been selected to the command of this forco for tho purpose of carrying out such orders and regulations as they may deem necessary to render the volunteers eiiicicnt. They have recom mended tho occasional meeting of the several troopts as a necessary course, in order that they may become accustomed to combined movemonts. To tho great astonishment of tho volunteers and of tho public generally, a department of tho Government puts a summary stop to these urgently required military movements, by refusing to allow the troops a few horse-boxes to convey tho horses to tho place of rendeavouts. It is high tirao that somo measures were taken to put a stop to such arbitrary proccod ings on tho part of railway officials. Tho wishes of tho Legislature must not thus bo interfered with. Thoy should bo curried out in their entirety, other wise tho volunteers can never becomo an ?efficient forco ; and a largo expenditure will have been entered into without tho expocted good results. — Bendigo Advertiser, November 14. 