, OPINIONS IN THE BUD, Tirana was once a certain class of English poli- ticians, who professed td place all their political hopes in the youth of Bri'ain. As thia class, however, themselves got to be middle-aged, thoj postponed the period for the motu' Hy of tho human inflect, so that now there is no ? Young England' paTty at al'. Still, as the child is father to tho man, what tho boys think must be a matter of interest to their elders, and especially what those boys think who will have the greatest in- fluence upon the futuro of their country. It will not be disputed that the youth of the Univer- sities is the body among which we mainly look for our future governors; not nt all by reason of any specialty for government which their educa- tion bestows, but simply because ihej will succeed thereto by social position. They will form the majority 1 of the new Houses of Lords and Commons, thoy will principally compose tho new regiments of the.» Devil's Own,' and they will entirely monopolise the ranks of the church ; and these form our governing classes. What these young persons now think, then, may be fairly taken os an index of what the national opinions, BO far SB they are represenled by the executive, will be in the time to come, supposing our poli- tical constitution to rennin as at present. It is urged by some persons, and especially by those who were once for ' Young England,' that young men have no opinions of their own at all ; and this is certainly true in the great majority of cases. It is the minority, however-who will be the leaders in after life-with whom we have now to do. The vast mass of Uds of good position and competent fortune at our Universities are un- thinking and instinctive Conservatives ; they sup- port 'the gentlemanly interest,' as their fathers have always done before them, but without -being ei'her able or willing to give much explanation of the faith that is in tbem. They do not care for politics : they like Pool, and Boating, and « tlie Drag' (if they can't get Hunting), and cannot imagine how people can say that Macaulay's His- tory is 'just like a novel they would much rather have the novel. The 'reading-men,' again, have not time, even if they have inclination, to concern themselves with politics ; they know a great deal nore about Cleon than about Mr. Bright. Only a small proportion of university youth pays attention to the science of government at all, and that in a manner which would not perhaps exact the respect of Mr. Mill or Mr. Cai lyle. A juvenile Debating Society is not an institution calculated to inspire either of those gen1 lemon with confidence. There was a time, however, when even they proba- bly felt themselves unripe for the direction of the universe by means of pamphlets, and adopted some less ambitious channel. If they had been at col- lege, that channel would probably have been the Union. There are other debating societies at Ox- ford and Cambridge, but the Union at both univer- sities is the place in which younç gentlemen mainly delight to air their political opinions, amid con- siderable audiences, and in an apartment convenient for ora'ory. Of course, there U much that may be turned into ridicu'e about this minia'ure St. Stephen's, but all the great politicians who have been to col'ege at all have made it their political nursery, and sometimes filled it.withon eloquence that bas had at least enthusiasm to make up tor its immaturity. It is observable, also, and may be seen by consulting the Unionic records, that the opinions that these lads then held were maintained and amplified in after-life, it is true that ex- treme views are sometimes professed in youth from conceit, and a certain morbid craving for originality, but these are exceptions ; the principles which a young man has once chosen for himself -no matter from what cause-he rarely aban- dons. The orator of the Union will not, indeed, in after-life, be of necessity an orator of parliament, but if he fail in a'taining that elevation, he will yet be a political leader uf some sort, and carry more or less ot his fellow-creatures with him ; while his audiences, sown everywhere in society, and taking an interest above the common in political matters, will have a weight greater by many times than the same number of persons who Never care one pin Who ls ont of office or in Till they've lived a few years in their pa risb, And it makes them its overseers. Under these circumstances, a consideration of the results of the more recent debates of the Union sooieties a', the Universities may not be without profit. 1 he Conservative may gain from it some notion of what stand will be made in the next generation for a'l that in bis eyes is ' great and venerable ;' and the Democrat may leam what hope there is of doing away with, certain ins itutions which he designated as ' corrupt and pernicious.' From the records of the Debating Society of Cambridge, we learn that the Union there was instituted ncorly half a century ago ; tord Lang- dale, Baron Pollock, Daron Alderson, and Mar in Fonblanquc being among its original founders. Its annual conti ¡buting members amount to several hundreds, and its honorary members to nearly four thousand persons. The amount of its audiences < n any ocpasion it is not easy to calculate since it fluctuates throughout the debate, and tho result of the divisions does not express it ; buta «house' U seldom composed of less than fifty, or more than two hundred. The rules of the House of Commons ore minutely imitated by the U.S., with tho im- provement that honourable members keep their caps off whether they he ' on their legs' or not. It is needless to remark that the youthful officials are martinets on tho scoro of order.1 Many a limo has an eloquent harangue been ruthlesBlylinterruptod by a majestic prosidont, with : ' I must trouble that hon- ourable member in the gallery to remove his cap' -and interruption is no joke, lot mo observe, when a gentleman has got hiB speech by heart, and can only truBt himself to pause at certain1 points,' where he has puisuadéd himself that lhere will bo ' cheers.' Tho best method of delivering a spcoch for the first time is to keep the eyes firmly fixed upon some immovab'e object-such as a pillar or tho Secretary-and to repeat your lesson in a fino sonorous voice,, beginning with : ' Sir-I came down to this house to night with no intention of addressing it,' or any other mendacious profoco that may imply impromptu. Upon the second occasion you need not have tho entire philippic in your pocket, but may content yourself withnotes, which you may also appear to be writing down, while yuur adversary is speaking, as though they had struck you for thc first time. Tables and pens and ink aro provided for this purpose, as well as water-bottles and glasses, in case your eloquent exertions Bhoold produce thirst or faintness. Ncr need wo smile at thoBo precautions, when we reflect that thure are not twenty members in the House of i 'ommons who can really speak ex tempore, whilo (to uso Unionic language) ' I have yet to learn' that the drinking of water by an undergra- duate is a more ridiculous or even uncommon ?spectacle than the sucking of oranges hy the pro etït minister for Foreign Affairs. l am afraid, it will distress thatstatesmau to learn timt in tho opinion of YoungOxford, Í consideringthe antecedents ol Lord John Russell's career, ho ¡B not entitled to tho confidence of the country in the prosent crißis.' I don't know what the crisis was at the time alindad to-18Ö9-but it carried thal res dutioni ray lordj by more than two to one, .As for Lord Macaulay,, a though his literary sty'e is worthy of tho highest admiration, ' the principles of which he ia the exponent are dangerous and ? 0,'niciovs.' Under these circumstances, it is not to] be wondered at tbat the statement of the poitical, socia', and literary influence of Mr. Carlyle having been ' most important and benefi cia!,' should have been negatived in tho Oxford Union by a large majoiity ; while aa for Mr. Bright, that impassioned Tribune of the People could only command a couple ol votes in his favour, with I dare not write down how many against bim-and this in 1838, when he was comparatively a sucking dove, 4 No radical alteration of our represen1 ative sys'em* will be permitted by Young Oxford. What liberalism is to be done at all, must be done ont of the country ; the experiment to be made upon some vile foreign body. Thus, though. Lord Palmer- ston's general policy by no means ' deserves the confidence of tho country,' yet ' it is the duty of England (if need be, at the point of the sword) to demand the removal of the Austrian power from Italy' (1858). Garibaldi's first expedition is even approved of with enthusiasm. Upon the whole, therefore, it seems that the Conservative opinions of Young Oxford are rather legendary, and only become obstructive upon questions on which it ia notorious that ' the governor always voted "b'ue."' It has an immense deal of esprit de corps, howovor, and will back any vested inte- rests with which it has been personally connected, whether of school or college, by very large majo- rities. « The system of faging, as practised at our public schools, is productive of the best re- sults ;' ihe University Commission was not 'greatly wanted,' haB not ' conferí ed many benefits on Ox- ford,' and may by ho means ' pn fitab'y extend its functions.' The ardour of youth does not e7en induce Young Oxford to consent to tho marriage of Fellows. As for the Secularisation of the reve- nues gained by the suppression of the monasteries under Henry VIII., it was ' a wanton violation of the rigkts of property, from tho evil consequences of which wo are suffering at the present time.' This is carried wi hout a division. Our old friend Charles I, whose fate has been the greatest blessing to debating societies that has yet been conferred upon them, did not 'sub- vert the liberties of his country,' nor was the execution of his Majesty ' a necessary step for the preservation of that liberty.' No-a thou- sand times no : or at least 47 noes to 3 affirma- tives. It is astonishing how men can be found reckless enough to place Euch assertions upon the motion-board ; but come men will propose any- thing ; * that Conservative principles ore falla- cious, and Conservatism a failure,' for instance. Have the god) no thunders ? Alas, no; nothing but an amendment, ' that Conservative principles aro essential to the welfare of the coun'ry,' which is, thank Heaven, carried. There are some young firebrands even who assert ' that the abolition of the present eyBtem of game laws is demanded both on tho ground of justice and expediency !' Then what is onoto do at home in the Christmas vacations? inquires Young Oxford indignantly,' and decides by a majority of 5 to 1 against tbe motion. What Next, and Next ? Abolish church ra'es without an equivalent ? Never ! Do away with Capi al Punishments? hoi Our young enthusiasm does not tako that channel ; for ' not- withstanding human nature's purity, wo think thty rather odd to our security.' No Jews in parliament for Young Oxford. They may be they are-pecuniarily useful, without doubt, but they are not without their recompense in hard catii. Young Oxford is prepared to endorse the opinions of' the House of lords upon that, and indeed upon most questions, even (wioked lads!) to opposing the remission of the paper duty I An unusually full house objects to the new Divorce Bill,, which is found to be a very interesting subject of debato, in spite of some opposition to its discussion upon the ground of its having a theological bearing. Among other mis- cellaneous opinions, Young Oxford doe3 not con- sider that ' poetical genius is fostered by Civili- sation ;' and decides that ' prize-fighting ought to be discouraged by the British law.' It does not think Mr, I israeli undeserving of public confidence; and it believes also in ghosts. Altogeber, Oxford does not disown in her rising generation that Conservativo position which she has taken up for so many ages, but ac the same time 6ho is much more inclined, if notto concession, at least to patient investigation. Young Oxford will listen complacently to theories for whioh their grandfathers would have p'aced the ut erer in the pillory. The motion, for instance, ' that a more general and equal distribution of wealth (though not.to be attempted by any violent or artificial means) is of great importance to the social and commercial welfaro of tho country,' is only ne- gatived by the casting voto of the chairman! And, in I860, ' tbat a seeond reform bill is called for by tbe circumstances of tho times/ is carried without a division ! The subjects of debate at the Cambridge Union havo been even more various than at Oxford, and really exhibit considerable skill in their selection. Only one absolutely feeble motion is recorded, the proposer of which appears to have been aware of its imbecility, for we read-' Tho honourable mover not being present, nor a substitute for him, to open the debate at the lime appointed, became amcnab o to chap. x. rulo 7 ; ' which signifies, let us hope, that he wis fined. I regret to say that here, also it is reiterated, ' Lord John Bussell doeB not deservo the gratitude of his country.' Young Cambridge will not have him any more tb au Young Oxford, although it does not reject him by such a decisivo majotily. The principles of Mr. Bright »re 'viewed with disapprobation and distrust,' but ho has more than two supporters, He has even moro than that number of oratora in h¡B favour. "Anet it ia observable in both Uni varsities, that when any extreme and radioal measure is advocated, however ill it may come off at tho poll, it is never without itB share of friendly speakers, lt has sometimes evon moro voices than votes ; tho revolutionary army, like that of the Macpherson, may be composed of but four and-iwonty men (and leBs,) but it boasts of five-and-thirty pipers. Young Cambridge, not unmindful, perhaps, of a reputation for brawn and pork sausages, will not, it is true, have Jews in parliament at any prico ; but it is not so certain about the Dissolu- tion of Monasteries having been such a very bad tiling after all. It considers Punch-'.ho paper tobe ' a public benefactor,' notwithstanding that he sometimes speaks evil of dignities. No ; and it will nut admit of any Amendment about ' under proper supervision,' neither. It is all for the free- dom of thu press ; but it doesn't liko tho great Pooh-pooh i chool ; it is of opinion that ' the gene- ral tone of the Saturday lioview is subversive of the principles of true oritioiem.' As for Garibaldi when (in 18G1) some honourable member moves ' that this house cannot approve of the conduct of Garibaldi during thc last year,' Young Cambridge hastens, by a majority of throo to one, to affirm that it docs approve of it. It will not, indeed, re cogniso any suoh novelty OB homoeopathy, which it (vary j UBI ly) affirms to bo 'irreconcilable with p* a own] experience j ', and hot ,. above ] ' aix-and twenty. .members of the !Union (in . a. [ large house) are ready to marry their wife'a Bister, when the proper time shall arrivé ; but still ' This house' is not so orthodox as it might be, and bat a hankering after change. Among many other miioellnneous matters, it is of opinion that ' women should be better educated, and is not quite sure that it would not be desirable to return to the ancient method of disposing of the dead by con- cremation.' Young Cambridge exhibits its youth unmistakably in one respect» it acknowledges the wisdom andjus'nes3 of the income tax a decision which would not certainly have been arrived at unless * the governor ' paid it ; but, on the othe hand, we-the tue editorial-cannot but be grati- fied by the fact that a libellous motion asset t^ng that ' the spread of periodical literature in tbi oountry is prejudicial to the promotion of true taste,' was negatived by a large majority. There is a Debating Society in the University of Dublin, called the College Historical Society, of a similar natura to that of the Oxford and Cambridge Unions; but the freedom of language must, we imagine, bea lit-le interfered with by the presence of certain magnificent persona in the Chair. The last debate of 1801,-upon the coor eton of the southern states of America, was pre- sided over by the Lord Justice of Appeal (who, I suppose, cannot possibly have been an under- graduate), and listened to by a whole galaxy of local worthies, including the Lord Mayor. Perhaps some restraint of this sort is necessary to moderate Youg Dublin in its hour of eloquence. The political questions of the day are generally chosen, never- theless, in preference to snch a subject as, ' Was the Long Parliament justified in putting Archbishop Laud to death ?' and with rather char- acteristic' results. Our protectoral of the Ionian Islands is pronounced to be ' unjustifiable ;' trade unions < tend to elevate the working classes ;' and the secession of the southern states from the American onion ie, ' viewed with dissatisfaction.' That the Total Abstinence movement should not receive 'the warmest sympathy and support,' or anything like i", from Young Dublin, Young Ox- ford, or Young Cambridge, is only what might reasonably be expected ; but it is rather remark- able that Opinions in the Bud at all three Univer- sities should have agreed upon two such questions as the following : « That the repeal of the paper duty is an unwise measure ;' and ' That the ac- cession of Napoleon III. has been a bona fide benefit to Europe.' 