GREAT TRIBULATION. 2o tie Editor of thb .Ldihceston Examiner. Sae,-I have read-.the-observatlons -of the Chronicle's own Correipondent or the.ldt'of April on state aid. They are thevery, natural views of one who knows not. what religion is.. lie argues from your remarks that rielgion drawing from tile, treasury of the state iisbiibf positive that religion is a mere humbug, farce, &o;, That men in general have been, and still are1 mnistaken as to what.reli gion Is, is very evidesti. It is 'iatural for men to turn everything tlioy ca to their worldly interest, and religiod has beeta yety pryofitable speculation in that-respect, in all'aegena all iatliold, anid amongst all people t and interest bliuds the eyei that.they don't or won't- see -that the .Bible not only foretels the confused amixture of churchland. sitate, but also the overtbrowland final destruction as.it at present exists ii'thb worjd, because'lt is, itiot the religion.of. Chrlst 'ad th: Gospel, but antichrist. If the 'ggentleman would take the trouble to read the second chapter of Daniel, he wpuld see that the ten toes of Nebhchndnessar'. giecit' Iage, hltih envidebtly, meias the lRomian empire as divided into two leet (Rome had Con. stantinople) and ton toes or kingdoins, are to be. come as the chall of a summeer's threshing floor. Those kingdoms have,n all got tho.Chnrcdh united' to theetate. 'And if lie rends the 17th andl8lth cli'ptors of Revelation's he'wfll' theri see a 'fur ther description and their destruotion-as Bali byton the Great, thn' mother of 'harlots.the whole family re :'evidently intended, for i her daughters are harlots,.prostitatingi divine and sacred things to carnal 1ad' ,worldly purposes. They oaro represented as Egypt (the land of arts aad"sciences, but darknemss nd oppreesors of the people of God), Babylon' (descriptive of wealth, dominion, and idolatry), and where our Lord was elsin,.(pride, self righteousneds,' and hitred of the truth,) all which ate comprised within those poll. tico?ecclesiastlcal states. 1 Though it is quite pro per to expose the injustice of state aid, that those who uphold it may have no excuse when the tittlo of. .retribution comes, I.: think-?'?with thio correspondent ' of. ' the ' ??dli cle the noxious impost will ionlinno' ubtil ' the Great Tribulation, when all the ten toes, with their dependencies (that follow the same system), will he swept away as no part of Christ's Church, or real religion. Christ told the woman of Samaria that a not at the temple at Jerusalem nor yet at their's in Samaria would he 'be worshipped, for Goa is not now worshipped in temples made with hands. The kingdom of God is within you: ye are the temples of the Holy Ghost. I In them, and they in me. The mercy seat where God re ceives worship is the altar of the heartt there God dwells as the Shekinah in the tabernacle and temple. If ye do what I say, and keep my word I will come and dwell In you; and my father wil come, and we will take up our abode with you. Know ye not that yeo aro the temples of the Holy Ghost; ye are, exeept ye are reprobates. Bodily worship profitoth nothing; God looketh at the heart." Thereis a vital' union between Christ and his people; their sins were laid upon him, and lie expired for them. He obeyed the law for them, as they could not do for themselves; and they, by virtue of their union with him, are par. doned, their sins are washed away in His blood, and by HIis righteousness they are justified before God. But not all are interested in these things. Christ esays-" I pray not for the world, but for thema that thou hast given me out of the world, for they are thine (by choice), and thou hast given them to me (to redaooa), and I have kept them through thy word." The Holy Spirit teacheth them, and they balleve in Christ to the saving of the soul. But this doctrine is too humiliating for proud man; his talents, learning, genius, abilities, and dignity cannot brook it; overlooking God'sdecla ration that the wisdom of men is foolishness with God-while vain man thinks, or at least treats God's waysas foolishneas. But His thoughts are not as our thoughts, as much higher as the heavens are above the earth, so are His ways and His thoughts above our thoughts. They cannot know those things till the Spirit teacheth them, for they are spiritually discerned. It is not of him that willeth, nor of him that ruannoth, but of God that showeith mercy. For He will have mercy on whom lie will have mercy. Where the Lord is pleased to take up his abode in the heart, it produces a radical change, which is called the new birth. "Ye most be born again," said Christ to Nicodemus; he, though a learned mia, was ignorant of it, and learned man generally are as ignorant of It now. Those only who arethus taught are true worship. ers; they from the altar of the heart by faith offer up Christ the true sacrifice, who was sacrificed for them, as was prefigured by the Lamb in the Mosaic law. Such only are members of his church, subjects of his kingdom, branches of the tewa vine, united to and deriving nourishment from Christ. They are living stones in his spiritual temple built on the foundation corner stone the rock Christ, against which the gates of holl can never prevail. .They are represented as the children of God, Christ tbe elder brother; and if children, theon heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ, to all the glory and blessedness that God will bestow on his Soo. But where are those individuals that compose this church to be found ? The Cathollcs exciuslvely claim them; the Church of Eligland say weare the true Reformed Church ; the -Preselyterians say we are the true fbllowers.: of Christ, &., : &c.; But ' it is exclusively in uno organised establish ment. ,The templet worship is done away with. There inay be a few obscure individuals amongst the Catholics, but so bpried in the system that they are ndt easily discovered. There are some in the Episcopal Church, but they are so covered wlth the gaudy and filthy-rags that is difficult to know them. There are some amongst other de. nominations; but much more chaff than wheat, which Christ will soon blow away with his fan, for he wtill tboroughlly purge his floor. The whole'offashiomiblo Christianity is made up of demonstrations and show, superstition, false doc trinesand errors- tihe commandments and pre cepts of men, adding to and taking from Ills Word of Life. This is as smoke in the nostrils of the Almighty all the day long, and no more accept able tban an onclean sacrifice offered under the law. To obey is better than sacrifice. By cor. rapting the law, the Jews brought destruction on their temple and their nation, and the same will bring destruction on Christendoam. The nominally re ligious think themselves secure; so did the Jews, but destruction came. Nothing will secure safety but humiliation and seinplo obedience to the Word. America is a type of what will befall the nations that once composed the Roman Empire. The Americans had many warnings, and despised them all. Their greed after gain made them oppress and enslave their fellow creatures; tlhey gloated over their blood and misery ; they have been reek. less with the revolver and bowie knifea; their cry has gone up to the Lord of Hosts, and now blood pursues them, and will do so till the Union is dissolved, the wicked cut off, and they are com pletdly humbled. Then they will settle down (dto three states In quiet, and become a place of refuge for the oppressed and persecuted when the Great Tribulation commences, wlich I expect will be when the Pope is stript of his last garb of political possession. Thou a thirty years' war will sweep away the Ten Toes, which will be divided into three empires, which will end the present century, when sword and spear will be beaten up into ploughr-shares and pruning-hooks. God sendeth war upon a no.tion for the wickedness of themthat dwell therein. The next century will, I expect, be a more peaceable one, but a much busier one tlhan the present has been. Great events will be developed. aI medy'boe thoughrt presumptuous in making such assertions, and be called a fanatic and en thusiast in asserting such things. To treat on this subject with proofs would take a volume, which I am not competent to write. My ideas were formed on the prophecies of tbe Bible more than fifty years ago; I have watched events, both in the political and religious world, and all seems to confirm the view I then took of them. I am quite satisfied on the subject. Such as my opinions are I give them to you. I am an old man; bhtiveen eighty and ninety years of age, and must soon leave these scenes. D. [ South Australia did not wait for the "t Great Tribulation" to get rid'ofstate aid ; and Queens land and New Zealand have never been afflicted 'with the curse of state aid.--En.L. E.] 