Q UEE LN 8 IN.AN D. hm(Vow usruws Coq apendmeat4) ..iO -, .. .. sb aes, Dcubeelr ad, 1.s.. " The Government have invited teaders for the constructiont of the first aection (comprisn twenty miles) of. the southern and Western R Lailway (to" extend from Ipawleh Se the Little verpool lRage, tenders will be received up to 31st January 1864\. Tenders are al.wanted for the ex tension of the Elect9le Telegraph. The Shares in the Brisbane Gas Companyaro all taken ip. There s numboees, reiarning Ioin:the Gladstone, and 1eak Downs Goldelds. The' W r Herald has agan itsr into i?st"nee l. baleve it to' be an excellent T~aals newspper it stands.unrivAlled.in. " Th. Ameetsh whaling barqe Hopei has bemn stranded on Bampton shoal on the Ith ot., last the Capn. (lifford) and a 'portion of the crew arived in Brisbane in the ship's boats last Thursday. Captain World rports that thoe .Sporting: La.- (whalr) of ,dney. ' at.. Bennett .s? wreck ea the .same reef on the 15th (ovember, on the" 12th of that month, the crew of both ve se6 nine:boats altogether left the IL lind where they had landed In: eoom,aysa4n remained so until th 19th .hea. Capa.. Gifford lost sight of the five boats. of the 8porting Lses,. and.one of his on.. On the 24th, inst, Cape . Moreton light was made, and they reached Brisbane on Thuaday morning as before statedc Captna. Bennett is the same person who commanded 'the Prince of Denmark (0ehoo?et) when she was wrecked at the eame place and who came to Brisban? in the ramlet's Ghost-a boat he had built' net of thewre. The Hope was a vessel of 300 tons ro ister. buthea. I learn that she has been absent from. New Bedford (where she .was owned) about six years on her present o- gewith her cargo on board, as at' pre Seii ng on the shol, she is, valued at 70,000 dollars. Capt. Oiunli %(art owner)i l?a heavy loser-- shel. was uin sued--he is gone to Sydney with the in estioa of selling the. wreck. " The Diamond, (a) has arrived here from Melboarne, (under canvass,),.he e?perien e.s, contrary Ihling winds and heavy weather throughout the passage, which was a enthy one. She .1 intended for the B?ver trade. . She is owned.by Capt.. Cobs, et Melbourne. Messrs. Bright, Bros. . Co., are the rlklbane a ts. The' San Ftmncoo, baque, Capt. Stort b~ker,.has. arrived from llamburgh. after a paeag of 104 days, with 264 German 4 migr?nts, and a small quantity of cargo. The Iealth Ober psmet her with a clean bill?o Health. The Immigrants .came up to town yestsray. A Company Lasmed the " Peak Downus NewIsCt MiL ? gCoas m y' have pub sa-?-- t Th are fiOoo a e o?? T?l ik Coapmy fis for prd oe miningor e copper spaa l air sla Qmsessland There has be.n a ? l meenting ilid at di Sdehol of Arts, fee dte of eon drlmgiio the proplatyf ra ising the mces in abrlds (te ka- a Servanata tHame In" aa A eomittse of gentlemen, sad also a seeom tt of ladiaes have been Imed 'flbr the pirpne of canvassing for the esem tr 1inds. I wish them God sped, fore has b been wanted. he a' depot is a disraee to humanity aid the only excuse the go ver?nmet have Oh if t it were comfortable we shold not be able to get the people to leave it. You have p?t some better cow shede in lattels I can assure you, thlan the Iasane doveraint Immigrants' De poL A Sydney tels r to hand, anqua ees that the s,' steamer, durh, her Sf Wd Bay to 8yIney, icked -i7 be he ia to the barqe ltoia, i3 Doubl Id sepets that thd crew A cricket astk has bern sdedbetween eleven memberns of dian, ,n'" (nthe raeaf armed) Vie?oia Claubn elev. pIner of the Flory star8 the ?ae i toe winers by a long score. T UMtbmelreves har e received a ehal. nge from te lydy Elevei,' which they hager aseip . The -timeand place lti the Th' qmnhuess aa Aniversary t tta k t o omne d ( mon the B tne River, on the 10th, 11th, wed ktb, at the a? .hi U gles- ., to (Orfamer, and dmy S-tut . ermie sta their reont tour hi the tI hne dye It has ined almost hsmtyb.d The a tap sst ofy the p e She eastalsed no other Alea t hem thafe itharn avet arc 