PROTESTANT MISSION. A FOUL charge has been preferred against the chastity of Protestant Missionaries, and John Williams is quoted as an ad versary of such men ! Let us hear the testimony of an ex-priest, and now an eloquent barrister in the United States. His evidence is at least reliable. Nothing but experience and conviction could have led to such revelations as he makes. The so-called "laity" of the Church of Rome are as ignorant of its practices as the ma jority of Protestants. The Protest ant Missionaries are indicted by " our own correspondent" as guilty of lust and avarice, against which reason re volts when it is remembered what have been the self-denial and devotedness of these maligned men as a body. The ac cusation comes with a bad grace from an adherent of a so-called church,which is framed solely for the profit of the priest hood, whose pretensions to confer spirit ual benefits are as false as they are blasphemuus. No created being has the power the priest assumes. Neither saint nor angel can help a sinner in his need. That prorogative belongs exclusively to the spirit God, in virtue of the Saviour's life of obedience, death of satis faction, and triumphal victory oversin and Satan. .There is but one "Mediator be tween God. and man—the man Christ Jesus;" and those who have bibles had better consult them on this momentous subject. It is easy to believe my proxy; "but every man must be damned in person." The alleged libidinous prac tices of Protestant Missionaries are cast into the shade by the actual licentious- ness of Roman Catholic priests. But we leave Mr. Hogan, a native of Ireland, and trained for the priesthood, to speak for himself:- There is something diabolical in the insti- totion of celibacy accompanying confession. Paul Louis Courrior has painted a fearful pic- ture of the priest's position as an unmarried confessor; and, as Courrier's works are far less read than they deserve to be, we make no scruple of transferring his powerful sentences to our pages. "What a life—what a condition—is that of our priests! Love is forbidden them, mar- riage especially; women are given up to them. They may not have one of their own, yet live famtliarly with all; nay, in the confidential, intimate privity of the hidden actions of all their thoughts. An innocent girl first hears the priest under her mother's wing, he then calls her to him, speaks alone with liher, and is the first to talk of sin to her, before she can have known it. When instructed she marries ; when married, he still confesses and governs her. He has preceded the husband in her affections, and will always maintain himself in them. What she would not venture to con- fide to her mother, or confess to her husband, he a priest must know it. asks it, hears it, and yet shall not be her lover. How could he, indeed ? Is he not tonsured ? He hears whispered in his ear by a young woman, her faults, passions, desires, weaknesses, receives her sighs without feeling agitated, and he is (it may be) five and twenty. "To confess a woman! Imagine what it is ! At the end of the church a species of closet or sentry box is erected against the wall, where the priest awaits, in the evening after vespers, his young penitent, whom he lords, and who knows it; love cannot be concealed from the beloved person. You will stop me there; his character of priest, his education, his vow . . I reply. that there is no vow which holds good, that every village cure, just come from the seminary, healthy, robust and vigorous, doubtless loves one of his parishioners. It cannot be otherwise; and if you contest this, I will say more still, and that is, that he loves them all; those at least of his own age; but he prefers one, who appears to him, if not more beautiful, than the others, more modest and wiser, and whom he would marry; he would make her a virtuous, pious wife, if it were not for tho Pope. He sees her daily, and meets her at church and elsewhere, and sitting opposite her in the winter evenings. "Now, I ask you when he hears that one coming the next day, and approaching the confessional, and when he recognises the footsteps, and can say, ' It is she, what is passing in the mind of the poor confessor ? "Honesty, duty, wise resolutions are here of little use, without peculiarly heavenly grace. I will suppose him a saint; unable to fly, he apparently groans, sighs, recommends himself to God; but, if he is only a man, he shudders, desires, and already, unwillingly without knowing it, perhaps, he hopes. She arrives, kneels down at his knees before him, whose heart leaps and palpitates. You are young, sir, or you have been so. Between ourselves, what do you think of such a situation ? Alone most of the time, and having these walls, these vaulted roofs, as sole witnesses, they talk; of what? Alas! of all that is not inno- cent. They talk, or, rather, murmur, in a low voice, and their lips approach each other, and their breaths mingle. This lasts for an hour or more, and is often renewed. Do not think I invent. This scene takes place such as I describe it; is renewed daily by forty thousand young priests, with as many young girls, whom they love, because they are men, whom they confess in this manner, entirely tete-a-tete, and visit, because they are priests, and whom they do not marry, because the Pope is opposed to it. * * * * * * * "The priest has the spiritual care of her he loves; her soul is in her hands. He is connected with her by the most sacred ties; his interest in her he disguises to himself under the cloak of spiritual anxiety. Ho can always quiet conscience by an equivoque. The mystic language of love is also the mystic ' language of religion; .and what guilt is shrouded under this equivoque, the history of priestcraft may show. Parler l'amour c'est faire l'amour is a profound truth. From the love of God, it is easy to descend to the love of man; especially when that man is a priest, that is to say, a mediator between the woman and God, one who says, ' God hears you through me; through, me He will reply.' This man, whom she has soon at the altar, if and there invested with all the sacred robes \- and sacred associations of his office ; whom she has visited in the confessional, and there laid bare her soul to him; whose visits; she has received in her boudoir, and there sub \- mitted to his directions; this man, whom she worships, is snpposed to be an idea, a priest; no one supposing him to be a man, with a man's passions" ' M. Michelet's books contains the proofs of what I have just said; but they are too numerous to quote. I shall only borrow from his work the passages he gives from an unex ceptionable authority, Llorento. ldormnto, a contemporary, relates (t. iii. oh. :28, article 2, ed. 1817) that when he was Secretary to the' Inquisition, a Capuchin was brought before that tribunal, whoilireotod a community of beguinss, and seduoed nearly all of them, by persuading them' that there wore not leaving the road to perfection. He told each of them in the con fessional that he had received from God a sin gulat favor-" Our Lord," he said, " has do. signed to show himself to mo in the sacra moet, and has said to me, "Almost all the souls that thou dost direct here are pleasing to me, but especially such nu one. (The Capu. chin named hrr to cwhom he spolt.) She is already so perfect, that she has conquered every passion excepl carnal desire, which torments her very mch. - There. fore, wishing virtue to have its 'reward, and that she should serve me tranquilly, I charge thee to give her a dispensation, buat only to be made use of with theo; she need speak of it to no confessor; that: would be ueless, as, with such a disponstition, she can not sin." Out of the seventeen beguines, of which the community was composed, the intrepid Capu chin gave dispensation to' thirteen; who were discreet for some length of time; one of them, however, fell ill, expected to die, and dis covered everything, 'declaring that she had never been able to believe in the dispensation, but that she had profited by it. " I remember," said Llorento, " having said to him, 'But, father, is it not astonishing that this singular virtue should have belonged t exactly to.the thirteen young and handsome ones, and not at all to the other four who were o ugly or old ?' He coolly replied, ' The Holy o Spirit inspires what it listeth.' " tl I should not have laid the above extract It before the public, weore I not well aware that p such is the extraordinary infatuation of Pro. - testants on the subject of Popery and confes- 0 sion, tlhat they may suspect my statements of tl exaggeration. This alone could induce me to a give more than my own assertions for the t truth of my statements, as no writer upon t Popery knows more' or can relate more of a auricular confession and direction than I can a myself, of my own knowledge, and from my own personal expirionco. Ishall not, however, I ask Protestants to take my naked word for I anything which I may say on Popery. I shall substantiate all I assert by proofs from history.; These details must be unpleasant to I the reader, but not more so then they are to me. I see not, however, any other mode in f which I can give anything like a correct idea c of that state of society which must be expec- I ted in this country should the period ever ar- t rive when Popery and Popish priests shall be a in the ascendant. There are some portions of Europe and of South America whore parents well know that the children who take their name, whom they are obliged to support, are only their legalised, but not their legitimate, offspring; but so entirely brutalised are .their feelings and notions of morality by the predominance of Popery -among them that these things are considered matters of little moment. I saw an instance of this very recently at a place called I-lallappa, in Mexico. I met there a gentleman, a man of wealth, some distinction, and one who had travelled a good deal. Knowing that I intended leaving the place next day, he said he would introduce me to two Dominican friars, who were going to Vera Cruz, and where to travel in the same stage with me. In the course of conversation, I observed to him that the reputations of Dominican friars and jesuits for morality was not good in some parts of Europe which I had visited, and I wished very much to know how a it stood in Mexico. He frankly replied, in very good Latin, a language more familiar to me than the Spanish, or perhaps any other— "They are not considered, as a body, very moral men in Mexico; but these reverend gentlemen, to whom I will iutroduce you, bear a high character for morality. They do not trouble their neighbors' wives and daughters; they have for years kept their female friends, and provided for their children." "Are they married, Sir ?'" said I; though I of course kneow the reverse from the fact of them being all priests. " Oh no, Sir," replied my Mexi can acquaintance; "our holy church does not allow that, but they are chaste men." ""What do you mean by chastity ?"' said I. "Living an unmarried life," answered he promptly. In the course of that evening, I met with a respectable American citizen, a native of New Jersey, I asked him whether lie know these priests, naming them.' He told me he did that one of them kept three sisters, the eldes not over twenty.flve years old, and that he had children by each of them : but was still re puted a good priest, and was, as far as he could discover, one of the best of them. The next day I obtained an introduction to these worthies, and travelled with them to Vern Cruz. They were dressed.in ,their appropriate garb of sanctity, the crown of their heads be ing shaved close, and bearing marks of sancti moniousness. It is well known that in the City of Mexico, and throughout that sham republic, Romish priests live habitually and publicly with 'mother and daughter at the same time. Previous tormy leaving Albany, many overtures were made to me by Roman Catholics to continue among them; but I per. emptorily declined. The reader may well imagine the awkwardness of my position and state of my feelings on this occasion. : I could give the people no reason for my leaving them ; my lips were sealed, my hands were bound, my voice was silent. I saw many: worthy families on the brink of ruin, and I could not put forth a hand to save them. I:saw their children almost in the jaws of the lion, but I dared not warn them of their danger. I saw their foes, in the garb of friends and' moral guides, leading them into the recesses of guilt and crime, and I dared not utter a warn ing cry. I knew all in the Confes sional, and of course,I was silent. The only resource left me was to leave these scenes, where the occurrence which I have stated had taken place; and I accordingly decided to make another trial of Popery, by proceedipg on to Philadelphia, a city which at that time, was pre- eminently distinguished for the virtues and morality of its people. I expected that, in a community so remarkably distin guished for the observance of. all law, human and divine, as the City of Pen was, that Popish priests and jesuits might, at loest; observe the externals of correct deportment; and, full of -better hopes and brighter pros. poets, I hastened' among. them, and was received with a cordiality' and hospitality truly flattering. " Fortunately for this people, they had no bishop for some time previous-to my. arrival; the diocese was under the super- intendence of a vicar-general, a Jesuit, I think from Switzerland, named De Barth. This reverend gentleman had been settled in the interior of the State; and having there a housekeeper and some neices, to whom he was attached, he visited the city of Philadelphia but seldom; owing to this circumstance, and and to the fact that three or four friars and one Irish curate, who was in the city, .had their own way in' everything, the Popish con gregation was comparatively quite; American Protestants know nothing of tho plans and schemes which they were laying to entrap their children, and, by suppressing the, read- of the BIible, 'disseminate amongst 'them 'the seeds of moral death,' Here; at least, 'I ex-. pected to find Popery as I fancied it before I was ordained a priest. Notwithstanding what I had witnessed immediately after my ordina.. tion in Europe, and 'though the death-knell, which announced the departure to the grave of a young and virtuous friend, had scarcely ceased to reverberate in my ears, .through the knowledge that a human' soul was launched into eternity by Jesuit lust and, poison, and that within the walls ot a nunnery, was yet fresh in my mind; though all that ' occurrod in Albany. under my own senses, the one twentieth of which I have not even alluded to; priests, nuns, and confessors are the same now that they were then all over the world. .Many of you have visited Paris; and do you not there see, at the present day, a lying-in-hospital attached to every nunnery in the City? The same is to be seen in Madrid, and the principal cities of Spain. I have seen them myself in Mexico, and in the City of Dublin, Ireland. And what is.the object of 'these hospitals? It is chiefly to provide for the illicit offspring of priests and nuns, and such other unmarried females as the priests can seduce through the confessional. But it will be said, there are no' lying-in- hospitals attached to the nunneries in this country.; True, there are not; but I say of 'my own' knowledge, 'and from my own experience through the' confessional, that it would be well if there were; there would be fewer abortions, there would be fewer infants strangled and murdered. It is not generally known that the crime of pro curing abortion—a crime which our laws pro- nounce to be felony is a conmon every-day crime in popish nunneries. It is not known to Americans; but let it be henceforward known to them, that strangling and putting to death infants is a common thing in nunneries throughout this country. It is not known that this is' done systemati- cally and methodically, according to popish instructions. The modus operandi is this— The infallible church teaches' that, without baptism, even infants cannot go to heaven. The holy church, not caring 'much how the aforesaid infants may come into this World, but anxious that they should go from it accord- ing to the ritual of the church, insist that the infant shall be baptised.' This being done, and its soul thus fitted for heaven, the mother abbess gently takes between her holy fingers the nostrils of the infant, and, in the name of the infallible church, consigns it to the care of the Almighty; and I beg here to state, from my own knowledge through the con- fessional, that the father is, in nearly all cases, the individual who baptises it; thus literally verifying what Erasmus has said in sheer irony-" Patres vacanture et Sepe sunt." I desire to assert nothing of a character so frightful and disgusting as this on my own unsupported authority. I could give numberless instances of the truth of my assertions, but lot one suffice— Llorenti, in his History of the Inquisition— and the reader will bear in mind, that Llorenti is good authority with all Roman Catholics— relates the following fact— "There was among the Carmelite nuns of Lerma, a mother abbess called Mother Aqueda, who was accounted a saint. People came to her from all the neighboring country to be csred of their respective disrases. Her mode of curing all diseases was this--She had in her possession a number of small stones, of which she said she was delivered, in all the pains of childbirth. She was de livered of them periodically, for the space of twenty years, according to her own statement and that of her biographer and by the ap plication of these stones-to any diseased per. son, he was forthwith' cured. 'Rumor, how. ever, got abroad that the mother abbess " was no better than she ought to be," and that, in place of bringing stones, she and the other nuns of the convent were bringing forth children for the friars of the Carmelite Order, who arranged all her miracles for her, and enabled her for twenty years to impose upon the public, as lady prioress of a nunnery and fashionable boarding school. Whenever she was 'confined and delivered of a child,' the holy nun strangled it and buried it. All the other nuns did likewise; and probably would have continued to do so to this day, through, their successors in office, had not a niece of the mother abbess and saint, in a moment of anger, arising from maltreatment, let fall some observations which excited the suspicions of the public authori. ties. "The burying-ground of the nuns was examined, the spot was pointed out by the niece of the mother abbess and the bodies found." The case, as related by the author, is truly horrible; and what is not less horrible is, that this young nun,, the informant, Donna Vicenta, only nine years of age, a dutiful child, immured by her aunt for this strange life, and having no other education, firmly be- lieved that this was really the devout life perfection and sanctity, and followed this path in confidence, upon the faith of her con fessors. The Inquisition of Logrono. having made an official visit to the convent, arrested mother Aqueda, and in the course of the in: vestigation which followed, Donna Vincenta confessed, without any prevarication; the commerce that her aunt, herself, and the others had with the provincial of the Car- melites, the prior of Lermon, and other friars of the first rank. This provincial was Dr. Jean do la Vega He had written the life of Mother Aqueda," arranged her miracles had the tact and skill to have her glorified as a saint though still alive, and her festival observed. Such was the credulity of the monks, as well as that of the people, that this monster of libidinous bru tality was considered as almost a saint. Mother Aqueda and he were put to the torture. I She died, but he survived, and the only ad- mission drawn from his mind was, that he had received the money for eleven thousand masses that he had neithler said nor· sung (Michelet from- Loronti's' Registers of the Inquisition, vol. iv. of the French translation, 1818, p. 80-82.), This fact is as well authenticated as that such a place as Lerma has had· existence, or that,such a wretch as Mother Aqueda has ever been born; and I will hazard the assertion, that if the burying-grounds of the nunneries were opened, hundreds of the bodies of strangled infants, the offspring of nuns and popish priests, may be found in them,- though it is said they have discovered 'some chemical 'process by which the bones, as well as the flesh of infants are reduced in a little time 'to perfect annihilation.' · The iniquity of Romish priests in the con- fessional can scarcely be imagined, there is nothing else like it; it is a thing by itself; there is a chasm between itself and other crimes which human depravity cannot pass could I state them all, as' I have known them, my readers would feel themselves most insulted; an ocean and a sea of won. ders, and waters of grief and sad- ness for fallen humanity would ebb and flow around them. Just fancy an innocent female on.her knees before an artful unbeliev- ing priest But why is she there? Why does not instinct warn her off? Why does a not conscious innocence tell her to fly from those incarnate demons--Romish confessors ? Why will they intrust themselves, alone and unprotected by father or mother, brother or honourable lover, with these scheming, artful seducers? Why will mothers, 'married wo- men, go to confession to these men, or why will husbands be such inconceivable dupes as to permit it ? Let not married men (I Will not say that some of those 'married ladies who go to con fession are not virtuous women, but I will un hesitatingly say that many of them have been ruined in the confessional, that they run a fearful risk in going there at all, and as it is truly said, " he that loves the danger shall perish therein") or married women who be long to the Roman Catholic Church suppose that I mean to be disrespectful to them in what I have said or what I may say hereafter; the reverse is the fact. To them I have no personal enmity. But I have for them the most sincere compassion. I would rescue them if I could from those wolves in sheep's clothing—Romish. priests. Married ladies, who are members of the Roman Catholic Church, will bear with me a little longer; I cannot consent to leave.them without further warning; and should their husbands-and my self over meet—which probably cannot be till we meet in heaven—they will thank, in place of blaming me- for cautioning them against the seductive wiles and wicked intrigues of Romish confessors. It is probable the wearisome repolitions in my statements may give the redader. a.. dis taste to the following them out and accom. panying me through them. It will, I fear, enfeeble the interest which he might other wise take in the result. Besides, a higher tone of thought, of literary taste, and intel- lectual feeling would undoubtedly be much more pleasant to him. The nature of the subject will not admit of it, and I cannot help, in speaking upon a *I have been obliged to leave out the ques tions, they are too filthy--the very essence of moral pollution ! gross and indelicate subject, doing so in a language as unpalatable to my own taste as to that of the reader. Besides, l am not mas ter of any other words in the English vocabu. lary, better calculated to convey to those for whom this book is intended, the full meaning and- purport of the statements which I make. There is taught in the Romish Church, and it prevails to an extent broad and long as the land we live in, a doctrine which I feel it my duty to explain to Americans, whether they are Protestants or converts to the church of Rome. When I say that it pre vails over the extent of this country, I believe I should qualify the assertions as I know not fully and exclusively of my own knowledge, that American converts to the Romish church are aware that such a doctrine exists, but I know that European Catholic women, especially the Irish, are taught it by their priest, and believe it as firmly as they do that their church is infallible. It is a doctrine frightful even to think upon. I know nothing in ancient or modern times, in heathen, pagan, or Mahomedan creeds, of equal turpitude. It is calculated to overturn all laws, human and divine. It aims a fatal and deadly blow at the root of the whole social system. It snaps, it shatters, it tears into shreds every cord that binds community to community, man to man, wife to husband, and child to parent. It is this, married women who have no children, and never had any, are taught by the Romish priests that the church has the power of giving them fecundity, and thus enabling them to "comply with the great object of their crea tion," viz., "to increase and multiply." 'The Holy Church, in her wisdom, or rather in her craft and deep knowledge of human nature, knows full well that married ladies, especially those who have property, are often unhappy, because they have no children; and the priests, looking upon this as a fine oppor tunity not only to indulge their own passions but to make money, tell such women, in the confessional, that they have the power, specially delegated to them from Almighty God, of giving them those children for which they are so anxious. I well recollect an instance of this Romish infatuation—this worse than hellish belief. It proved a source of much trouble to myself in after life, and I believe I may partly trace to it the very origin of my dificulties with the Popish priests in this country. While officiating as a Roman Catholic 'priest in ———— I became acquainted with a Roman Catholic lady and gentleman of good character and considerable wealth ; the husband stood well in society, and so did the wife. And, I believe, both deserved. There was but one barrier, to all appearance, in the way of their happiness—they had no children; and, having no blood or ahmily alliances in the country, this seemed a source of distress to the wife; though I could not help remarking that they were an extremely fond couple. Not very long after my acquaintance with them, the wife called on me, told me her grievance in not having children, and asked me how much it cost her to purchase from the Church her interference in the matter and the blessing of having children. I forgot my usual caution, indignation took the place of policy; I forgot for a moment that I was bound to keep the secrets of the Pope and the infallible Church, and to defend them both, right or wrong. I replied indignantly, "Madam, you are the dupe of priestcraft. There is no power in the Church to counter vail the will of God." The lady retired ; and I cannot give the reader a better idea of the infatuation of papist women, or the consummate villany of Romish priests in the confessional, than by relating what followed.. She called upon me the day following, and stated to me that since she saw me, she called on the Reverend Mr. ——, a Franciscan Friar who lived only a few doors from me, and having told him what I said to her, he raised his hands in pious astonishment, and told her that lihe expected nothing better from me; that he suspected me of heresy for some some time past, and had now a proof of it, and that I should be cast out of the pale of the church, as fit society only for the devil; and, accordingly, in a few months after, this holy friar, and the holy Romish bishop of the diocese, solemnly cursed me from the head to the toe-nails, casting me into hell for such damnable heresies. I understand that the lady of whom I have spoken is now blessed with an interesting family of children, and the husband one of the happiest fathers in the world! The friar is an exemplary and reverend servant of the infallible church; still hearing confessions, while I am a wicked heretic, with no human chance of salvation. '" Sic transit gloria mundi."- Thus are the streams of domestic happiness -and social life polluted in our very midst by Romish priests; and yet they are encouraged, they are fed, they are sustained, they are received into so- ciety by the very men whose wives and daughters they have ruined, and with whose happiness they have sported and gam- bled. I say sported, because I know of my own knowledge, that nothing affords the rev- erend young Yahoos of the Romish Church, especially those who come from Europe, more pleasure in their private conversation, than speaking of the gullible Yankee heretics, who fancy themselves a match for the priests of the infallible church. Could Protestants witnes the carousals of these infidel and idolatrous priests at their ex pense, it would have a better effect upon them than I can say or write; but as time can effect this, I must content myself with entreating my fellow-citizens to be upon their guard with Romish bishops and priest, or they will rue the consequences. I intimated to the reader that I intended to a give my reasons for leaving the Romish Church. I have as yet but little more than half fulfilled it. I have, however, the satisfac. tion to believe that the few I have given, up to the time of my arrival in Philadelphia, are amply sufficient. Fresh proofs have there been given.to me that the Popish Church was not infallible, and that I could not consistently, with a correct sense of duty, support her doc trines or countenance the practices of her priests; but even there, notwithstanding all I had seen and witnessed, such were the pre judices of education, that I still tried to pur. saude myself that popery was religion ; though I tried to circulate the Scriptures, and believed in the necessity of so doing. During four years that I spent in the College of Maynooth they formed no portion of the education of the students. It is my firm conviction that, out of the large number of students who received their education there for the ministry, there was not one who read the four Gospels through, nor any portion of them, except such as were found in detached passages in works of controversy between Catholics and Pro- testants. Until I went to College, I scarcely ever heard of a Bible. I knew not of one in any parish in Munster, except it may be a Latin one, which each priest may or may not have as he pleased. But I studied closely the holy fathers of the church; so did most of the students. We were taught to rely upon them as our sole guide in morals, and the only correct inter- pretors of the Bible. A right of private judgment was entirely denied us, and represented as the source of multifarious errors. The Bible, in fact, we had no veneration for ! It was, in truth, but a dead letter in our college; it was a sealed book to us. I looked back again to those fa thers for proofs of the infallibility of the Romish Church, and for some evidence to satisfy me that I had no right to the exer. cise of my private judgment, either in read. ing or interpreting the Scriptures—but I looked in vain. The fathers themselves were extremely obscure. I found them often in- consistent and at variance with each other upon many fundamental articles, as they are termed, of the Popish creed. On a re perusal of those fathers, I have found them often contradict each other; nay, more, such frequently were the theological vagaries of these semi-deranged, though well- meaning, men, that a careful reader will often find the same father contradicting himself. Chrysostom, whom the papists worship as a saint, and Tertullian, another saint of theirs, flatly contradict themselves. Chrysostom says, in speaking of the real presence in the eucharist, that Christ gives himself bodily to be eaten, and that those who receive Him, that is, the consecrated wafer, made of flour and water by a priest, may see Him, touch Him, and, it they wish, fix their teeth in His flesh. In another place he says, that the "nature of the bread is not changed at all, though it is worthy to be called the Lord's body." It occurred to me, therefore, on a second perusal of these work, that I should reject them unconditionally. I know full well, from my intimacy with the Romish Church, that it was a maxim with the fathers, and ex pressly defended by them, as it is now by modern priests, that "fraud was sometimes justifiable for a holy end, and that falsehoods were valuable auxiliaries to truth !" This doctrine is now taught in the confessional, as well as in every popish college in the uni verse. From these, I turned to my neglected Bible, and in it I discovered no such maxims as were taught by the holy fathers, and are now inculcated by the priests. I have not found that any of the evangelists ever even intimated " that fraud was justifi able, or that it was over lawful to do evil that good may come." Apart from all this, it appeared to me not at all unlikely that the inspired men who wrote the Scriptures knew as well how to convoy their own ideas to the world as the holy fathers or the infallible church did; nor could I see anything he- terodox in supposing that if there was any. thing unintelligible or obscure in their lan. guage, they would leave us some record or note of the fact. They wrote by command, and under the direct inspiration of God; they wrote to in struct and enlighten the world ; and, with all due deference to the infallible church and her holy fathers, I think it is fairly to be pro sumed that their writings are less obscure, and more entitled to universal credence, than the rhapsodies of fathers or monks. It occurred to me, naturally, as I think it would to any man, that I might without pre- sumption, invoke the aid of the Holy Ghost, take up the Bible, read it prayerfully, and in terpret it honestly, according to the best of my judgment; the opinions of the holy fathers, and the infallible church to the con trary notwithstanding. Up to this very moment I was negociating with the holy church, and the holy church ne gociating with me, through Bishop England of Charleston, and a very reverend divine now in New York, for an arrangement of our misunderstanding. But we could not agree. There was now a barrier be tween us, which I could not pass. It was now with me, not a question of church or salaries, of location or domestic associations. The controversy now between me and the Romish Church assumed a grave character; it was now a question with me of light or darkness—of life or death. I might have gone to Rome, fallen upon my knees, kissed the Pope's toe, and obtained the blessing of that poor old man. I might have acknowledged the holy fathers were better authority, and were safer guides in mat ters of faith, and, in all things that concerned eternal life, than the holy Scriptures. The Bible was with them a matter of minor consideration. I know by experience that it was so; and I know that it is so at the present day with every priest and bishop of the Romish Church, I was aware then, as I am now, that it was perfectly useless to attempt reasoning with them, and I had, of course, no alternative left but to cast from 'me their writings and doctrines as the veriest trash that ever was written, and seek from the Bible—tho fountain of truth—instructions for my future life. Mr. Hogan says, how often have I seen Roman Catholic servant-maids in Protest ant families, inveigled by the ghostly fathers, in the confessional, into treachery, deception, and ingratitude towards their employers and benefacters ! How often, as I have stated in my book on Popery, have these Roman Cs tholic servants have stolen the infants from their Protestant mothers, brought them to me to be baptized ! During my residence in Philadelphia, I hold rather a conspicuous place among them. The congregation of St. Mary's Church, was a large one. Notwithstanding my schismatic doctrines (I was not then deemed a heretic) crowds attended the Church, and I believe, though I cannot tell the exact number, that I baptised more children than any clergyman in the city. Among these there were hun dreds of Presbyterians, Episcopalians, Metho dists, and Baptists brought to me for that purpose, by their Roman Catholic nurses, without the knowledge or consent of their Protestant mothers ! ! This is only a solitary instance of the undue influence of Romish priest over these women who go to confession to them Show me the house of a Protestant family where there is a Roman Catholic, male or female, who goes to confession and communion in the Romish Church, and I will show you a watch, a spy upon every act and deed and movement of that family. There is not a letter that comes into such a family that is not watched by Po- pish servants. They soon know from who it comes, or whether anything is to be gained by intercepting it. The confessor is immediately consulted, and it is ascertained, from some ser vant in the house were it was written or where it was received, what was purport or what it contained. It is a harmless affair to make the sign of the cross and sprinkle water on infants in Protestant countries. But where the Roman Catholic faith prevails there will always be Mortara cases. You might as well sprinkle a kitten and call it a Chris tian, as an unconscious child. The thief on the cross was neither baptised, nor did lihe "communicate," and whaat was the reply to his request by the Saviour of men ? " TO-DAY thou shalt be with me in Para dise." If individuals like to believe de lusions it is no business of ours, but when an unmitigated slanderer ventures to calumniate Protestant missions, it becomes necessary to speak out in their favor if it were only by con' trast. We are promised more lust and avarice in Protestant missionaries, and we hope the writer will make a clean breast of it. Whatever is iniquitous in individuals of the Protestant profession will not be defended, but denounced by Protestants, whether they belong to the Church of England, the Independents, the Presbyterians, the Baptists, or the Wesleyans. 'This unprovoked attack on the morals of Protestant missionaries is the most meagre and unsubstantiated that could be well imagined. The system is utterly repugnant to such lascivious ness. The Bible unequivocally condemns such practices, and that is the book Protestant missionaries are pledged to circulate. 