GENERAL NEWS. BATHURST CIRCUIT COURT. (Abridged from the Bathurst Papers.) THURSDAY, SEPT. 3. (Before his Honor Mr. Justice Wise.) Mr. Butler acted in Crown-Prosecutor. John Sing was indicted for the murder of one Yu Won, at Sofala, on the 10th March. The prisoner pleaded not guilty. From the evidence it appeared that he was a miner, residing at Sofala, and that he entered a store there, where Yu Won was and commenced abusing him, when a row ensued, and eventually the prisoner took a knife out of his pocket and deliberately stabbed him. Guilty ; sentenced to death. John Fenton was indicted for that he did on the 6th of August, at Tuena, feloniously steal 28 ounces of gold from Alexander McCrosland, Guilty ; sentence deferred. Ah Sing was indicted for feloniously assaulting and stealing certain moneys and property from and belonging to one Ah Song, at Bathurst, on the 14th June. Not guilty. Ah Sam was convicted of stealing a watch, the pro- perty of one Samuel Robertson, his master, at Bathurst, on the 24 th day of June last. The prisoner was sen- tenced to twelve months' hard labour in Bathurst gaol. FRIDAY, SEPT. 4. Mary Considine was indicted for killing and murder- ing a male child, name unknown, at Winburndale, on the 25th July. The prisoner was found guilty of con- cealing the birth only, and sentenced to two months' imprisonment in Bathurst gaol. Henry Anderson was indicted for feloniously forging an order for payment of the sum of £6 10s., at Carcoar, on the 29th July ; a second count charged him with uttering the same. Guilty. Sentenced to three years in Darlinghurst gaol. Edward Bothfield was indicted for the murder of one Richard Murphy, on the 13th of March, at Gunningham. Mr. Innes appeared for the prisoner. The facts of this case, in brief, were as follows :— The prisoner said he found a grey horse, which once belonged to him, in the possession of a young man at the Billabong, at a place known as the Gunning Bland station. He showed detec- tive M'Glone the horse, and said that when he took it from the young man there was a saddle and bridle on it, which the young man wanted to have given to him, say- ing that, if the horse belonged to prisoner, they did not. He refused to give them up, as they resembled a saddle and bridle the prisoner had bought from a person called Tissington, in Forbes. The young man said if he had had firearms, the prisoner should not keep them, and that he would return armed next day and take the things. Next day the prisoner said he saw the deceased coming towards his house with a gun, leading a horse by the bridle. When he came within fifty yards, the pri- soner warned him to come no nearer, but he persisted, and raised his gun as if he meant to fire ; then the pri- soner, who had armed himself with a gun, raised and fired at him. The young man fell, and the prisoner said he had only intended to disable the deceased, not to take his life. When the prisoner went up, the deceased told him that the gun he had was given him by a man called Harry Hughes, who told him to go and get the saddle and bridle and not be a coward. The dying depositions of Murphy stated that he meant to frighten, not to shoot, Bothfield. Verdict--- " Not guilty ."--- In discharg- ing the prisoner his honor said there was no doubt that at the time he fired at the deceased, he was in peril, and though the act had unfortunately resulted in the death of a fellow-creature he was undoubtedly justified in what he had done under the circumstances. Jane Edwards was charged with forging and uttering a cheque for the sum of £1 15s., on the 30th of June last. Found guilty of uttering, knowing the cheque to be forged. Sentence, eight months in Bathurst gaol. THE MURDER OF MR. BARNES BY O'MEALLY.--- At the inquest held on the 31st ult., at Wallenbeen, on the body of Mr. Barnes, the following facts were elicited:--- James Brown, a bullock-driver, residing at Wallenbeen, stated that two men went to his hut on the 30th ult. ; they were armed with revolvers, and wanted a saddle ; when they left his hut they went in pursuit of two men on horseback who passed a short distance off ; soon after they got out of sight he heard the report of firearms.--- John B. Hanlon, assistant storekeeper, in the employ of Mr. Barnes' son, at Cootamundry, said that on the pre- vious Sunday he was, whilst riding with Mr. Barnes from Murrumburrah to Cootamundry, stopped by John O'Meally, whom he knew perfectly well, O'Meally and another bushranger ordered them to bail up, which they did. but after a minute or two had elapsed, Mr. Barnes, finding out what was the matter galloped off towards Mr. M'Kay's house, O'Meally fired, and went in pursuit of Barnes , after they were gone, O'Meally's mate made Mr. Hanlon dismount, which he having done, his horse was walked away , during this time he saw Mr Barnes come galloping down the hill, and he sat loosely upon his horse, as if wounded, O'Meally still in pursuit, after going out of sight, O'Meally came back to where Mr. Hanlon was standing, and said that Mr. Barnes was lying in a gully somewhere there, he having fallen off his horse, upon Mr. Hanlow going to look for him, he discovered that he (Mr Barnes) was just dying--- Alexander M'Kay said he was a squatter, living at Wallenbeen ; on the Sunday previous he heard, about twelve o'clock, the report of firearms close to his house, upon going to the back of his house, he saw one man pursuing another, who, upon approaching nearer to him, he saw was Mr. Barnes ; when quite near the house, Mr Barnes fell from his horse ; at that moment Barnes's man came up, and said Mr. B had been shot by O'Meally , immediately after witness was stopped by the same man that had been following Mr. Barnes ; he asked witness for the key of his store, which was given up, and be (O'Meally) went and helped him- self ; he told Mr. M'Kay that he (O'Meally) had the racehorse Chance ; Barnes's horse was taken by the bush- ranger, witness sent information to the police as soon as possible ; on hearing that Barnes was dead, O'Meally said, " I am sorry for it ; it was his own fault--- he ought to have stood, and he would not have been shot." The jury returned a verdic of wilful murder against John O'Meally --- Herald's Correspondent, Sept 7.--- the Yass Courier of the 5th says :--- On Thursday last, the remains of this lamented gentleman were brought into Yass and interred in the Church of England cemetery. Besides the relatives of deceased, a considerable number of the inhabitants of the district where this foul murder was committed, as well as of this town, attended the funeral. Most of the shops in Yass were half closed during the time the mournful ceremony was being per- formed. MELANCHOLY DEATH OF MR. GILBERT HAWDON --- Yes- terday morning a report was current in the town that Mr. Gilbert Hawdon, of Punkally Creek, near Wogonga, oldest surviving son of J. Hawdon Esq., of Kiora, was missing, and it was supposed that he was drowned while crossing the Moruya river, at Kiora, on the preceding evening. The river was dragged all Wednesday night, and at about ten o'clock yesterday the body of the un- fortunate deceased was found in the river a few yards above the crossing place at Kiora. The deceased was a farmer, and leaves a wife and four children.-Moruya Messenger, Aug 28. A GHOST IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY.--- The S.M. Herald of Thursday last says.--- A very interesting exemplification of one of the numerous phenomena of optical science will be presented at the Victoria Theatre at the beginning of next week ; it will doubtless be the means of attracting a large concourse of eager spectators. We allude to the exhibition in this sceptical age of distinctly visible but impalpable "ghost," worked by a gentleman named Pitt,, who has recently arrived from Melbourne with his apparatus. This " Ghost Illusion," was first invented by Mr. Dircks, and having been patented and considerably improved by Messrs. Dircks and Pepper, is now for the first time introduced into this colony by Mr. Pitt and his assistants, with the authority of the patentees. The apparitions thus evoked by the wonderous agency of brilliant chemical light, strong lenses, and a particular disposition, are described by those who have seen them to be something calculated to shake the nerves of the most phlegmatic in- dividual that never expressed his disbelief in any spectral visitation. The phantom figure is seen by the audience not as if it were a mere reflection, but as though standing several feet in front of the body upon which it is rendered visible by the action of the light. The un- real shape moves, of course, in exact correspondence to the motions of the unseen person whom it represents but the strange circumstance of it appearing to stand totally detached from any object invests it with weird and startling attributes. Attached and interfered with, it is still motionless and undisturbed, remaining visible in spite of the interposition of any more substantial object. The apparition is stated to be so singularly vivid that nothing but such an interposition convinces the spectator of the actual nature of the spectral delu- sion. The disappearance also of the " ghost" is sudden or gradual as may be desired. This curious discovery is described in a recent number of Once a Week, and has, attracted thousands to witness it at the Polytechnic In- stitution, in London. The Ghost is to appear at the Victoria Theatre on Monday evening nest, the 7th inst. and, under the dexterous management of the agent of Mr. Pepper, will probably excite sensations of astonish- ment--- not unmixed with alarm--- throughout the ensuing week. The Ghost will be represented as taking an ap- propriate part in the dramatic notion of a new play, never before produced in this colony. THE GHOST AT THE VICTORIA.--- Yesterday evening a very crowded house assembled at the Victorian Theatre to witness the production of " The Castle Spectre," in which were introduced, at the close of every act, those startling effects recently discovered in England by Messrs. Dirckes and Pepper, and now generally known under the designa- tion of " The Ghost. " This singular optical illusion was presented by Mr. William Pitt (the authorised agent of Professor Pepper and Dirckes) with unqualified success, and was received with enthusiastic marks of approbation. The distinctness with which the ghastly figure is rendered visible is truly extraordinary, and must be seen to be understood. That the apparition is nothing more than a shadow is, nevertheless incontestably proved by the fact that the lamp placed on the table behind it shines through the figure. It moves, and performs its appro- priate part, with an appalling precision and clearness that cannot be viewed without unmitigated astonishment. To those who are in the secret the matter is of course, easy enough to understand, but even to them the won- derful manner in which the actor can go up, as it were, to the spectre, and be mixed up with its figure has a very weird and unearthly aspect. The piece will probably run for many nights to come. At the end of the Castle Spectre there was a unanimous call for Mr. Warner and Mr. Pitt--- Herald, Sept. 8. SCOTS CHURCH.--- A social tea-meeting was held in the Scots Church, Church Hill, Sydney, on Thursday even- ing, to welcome the Rev. George Graham to the pasto- rate. About 700 persons were present. The Jockey Club dinner was held at Tattersall's on Friday evening. It was mentioned that the members had increased from 130 to 230 during the past year. GOULBURN RAILWAY.--- A deputation of gentlemen from Goulburn waited on the Secretary for Works last Friday, to support a request of the inhabitants of Goul- burn to have the railway terminus in the centre of the town, on a piece of land mentioned by them. Mr. Arnold, having heard what the deputation had to allege, made answer that the Government, as at present advised, were not unfavourable to the project, provided the owners did not ask too exorbitant a price for the land in question. It would be rather galling to the Goulburn people if the railway should skirt their town, instead of running through it, because of the cupidity of the owners of this land. But we may reasonably anticipate that the pro- prietors, seeing how the railway would enhance the value of town property, will be disposed to meet the Govern- ment in a, liberal spirit --- Abridged from Empire. The water in the Edward River has been some three or four feet above the Deniliquin Bridge. The structure still stands, however, and but little damage has been done to it. How MAIN ROADS ARE MENDED.--- A meeting of the in- habitants of Lane Cove was held in that locality on Thurs- day evening, the 3rd instant, Isaac Shepherd, Esq , M. P., occupied the chair. Resolutions were adopted condemning the manner in which the grant of £25 per mile for eighteen miles of road from St. Leonards to Pennant Hills is being expended and a deputation con- sisting of Messrs. Shepherd, Caldwell, Brown, McKeown, and McIntosh, was appointed to wait upon the honorable the Minister for Lands, to solicit some redress from the present existing grievance. The following is a statement read to the meeting by Mr. McKoown, who was one of late trustees of the road, confirmed by other speakers :--- " On Friday, July the 10th, 1863, three men began work- ing on the road--- an overseer at 12s. per day, and two men at 6s. each. On Friday, the 31st July, they had not formed 5½ chains of road. On Saturday, Aug 29th, Mr. Brown, Mr. McIntosh, and myself measured the whole of the work done in seven weeks--- 10½ chains of road formed, and 5½ chains repaired. The highest price paid by trustees for forming parts of the same road did not exceed 15s. per chain. Ten chains formed, at 15s. per chain, £7 17s. 6d. ; five chains repaired, at 10s. per chain, £2 10s.; total £10 7s. 6d. Two men and an over- seer at 21s. per day for forty-two days, or seven weeks £50 8s. ; allowance of horse feed, £7 7s ; total, £5 7 15s. from which deduct the estimated value of the work leaves a balance of £47 7s. 6d., which has been wholly wasted. " Empire, Sept. 5. The Pastoral Times hears sad accounts of the spread of pleuro-pneumonia in the Murrumbidgee district. It appears that it has now set in so virulently, and extends over such an immense tract of country, as to make any attempts to check it almost useless. A man named James Egan, twenty-seven years of age, was found dead on the 3rd instant, in a paddook in Goul- burn. Deceased is supposed to have died from an epileptic fit. The Government are willing to accede to the desire of the inhabitants of Goulburn, and the terminus of the Great Southern line will be in the town of Goulburn, instead of a mile or two away. METROPOLITAN RACES.--- SETTLING.--- The prizes won at the late race meeting were paid over last night at Tattersall's, in the presence of a very large number of the sporting public. Mr. Towns was the largest re- ceiver, his prizes amounting to £616 besides a silvercup The general settling took place afterwards, when all engagements were promptly met. At the termination of this business a £5 Calcutta sweep was got up on the Ballaarat Champion Race, and this amounted to £95 10s. Archer sold for £30, Talleyrand for £20, Mormon £15, Barwon £10, Camden £9, Zoe £8, and the remainder were knocked down at the upset price --- Herald, Sept. 8 The following gentlemen (says the Herald of Tuesdav), have been decided upon to shoot in the approaching intercolonial rifle match, which will probably take place on the 15th or 16th instant :--- Messrs. W. Rayner L Hordern, G. Wyndham, sergeant Strong, C. Phillips, J. Dickson, G. Sharp, R. Brownlow, and C.W.Roberts. The place of the tenth man is vacant, the committee considering it desirable that Mr. Graham and Lieutenant Campbell should by three further practices test their qualifications. THE PLUTO. --- The loss of this unfortunate steamboat is now pretty certain. Her commander, Captain Bow- den, a most respectable man, well known for many years in connexion with this port and New Zealand, has left a wife and seven children, entirely unprovided for. We are glad to learn that Captain Norrie and Mr. Richard Hill are endeavouring to raise money in the hope of helping this deserving case of distress. At the office of this journal, also, donations will be thankfully received \--- Herald, Sept. 8. ACCIDENT--- About one o'clock, on Monday, a man named William Heard, goods- shed porter at the railway terminus, Redfern, met with a serious accident. He was assisting to shunt two goods trucks which were being drawn by a couple of horses, when by some mischance one got his foot jammed between the points near the signal post, and was unable to extricate them before he was knocked down by the approaching wagons the four wheels, of which passed over and smashed both his ankles Late on Monday night one of his legs was amputated, and it was thought not improbable that the other would have to be taken off.--- Herald, Sept. 8. A letter has been forwarded from Deniliquin to Mr. Cowper, praying that prison labour in that town may be employed in making passable its at present impassable streets. An inquest was held by the Sydney coroner, on Thurs- day, on the body of a new-born female infant, that had been found floating in a small box near Market Wharf. There was no evidence to show how or when the child died. The jury returned as their verdict, that the de- ceased had not arrived at maturity, but how it came by its death they had no evidence to determine. ACCIDENT AT THE POLICE BARRACKS.--- A trooper named John Sinclair received a severe injury at about half-past seven o'clock yesterday morning. He was kicked by a horse, and the joint of 0ne of his knees was much hurt. \--- Herald, Sep. 5. 