THE LACHLAN. (From our correspondent.) THE cry is "Still they go." If Forbes goes on this way much longer she will only be the ghost of Forbes. The population is all on the move; none are remaining but those who have good claims, or those who have not the means to leave. New Zealand is the chief attraction: fields look green at a distance, and I suppose gold-fields are not an excep tion. The proprietors of the casinos are making frantic endeavours to amuse the people. They offer prizes to be waltzed for; others offer gold watches to the best hornpipe dancers; and some give private parties that are very select. In fact we have every amusement there that has a tendency to elevate the taste and gratity the imagination. As to the realities of life, we have any amount of them except vegetables and of those there are none to be had for love nor money, We have had some of the disciples of Dr. Maginnis practising their brotherly grips. They succeed in taking a gold watch and chain from the subject that they were manipulating upon, besides giving him some ugly knocks. As usual tlhe police were not there when they were wanted. Curtis, the night watchman spoilt their sport. With reference t0 mining affairs every thing is in statu quo. Ask the miners and they will answer you in nearly same words as the Mexicans in California. Muncho trabaco poco oro signor was invaraibly the cautios and polite answer of Mexicans and Chilians is Cali fornia from the plunder of Mexico, her churches, and people, Much work did not agree with the swash bucklers of the South. They had lived too long on plunder to settle down to work. When they were driven out of office by the squatters and miners of California, they took to filibustering, Cuba received them and gave them the garrote nicaragua to put the finishing stroke on them. The little pettifogger and black-leg Walker received the quietus he richly deserved from the people he attempted to subjugate and enslave. What has that to do with the Lach )Ian? :i-Probably tlo analogy is not great, but " 8 a osen it. Ask the miners and nineoy out of every .'linodrod will tell you they have mutch work anti little money It requires a groat deal ot labor, cpital, and perseveranco, to develop tie golhlei treasures of thle Lachlan; t1l obstoclrs to be overcome are great. Sinhirig two hundred feet down in thle earth, going through drift, whichl no doubt is the course of old rivers long since covered up, the chtances are that wlhen toly do bottom, it will bo on. the roof - then they commence to drive, they follow the pitch of thei reef, which was in oWden .times thie side of a mountain, hope lures them 6nn-tle deep ground is before them. Christo. plier Columbus never looked out for the western wberld more eagerly than the gold-hunter looks for the gntter-the indicrtions are becoming plainer every day-the clay is cltnaging its color, his ex perience tells him he is drawing near the goal of his hopes, at last he strikltes it, thle pan is in requisition, hle gets a good prospect, his hopes are realized, ihe is one of the lucky ones; from this out he isa goldqn hole man, he becomes an object of consideration -tb.thcharpics that follow the diggers, and live on Stheioir folly, birds of evil otmen with vultures' faces, tha1t are so numerous in the dens of infamy, and otews of the great modern Babylon, they do not take tliemselves to the low quarters. HIerer you will see them in the upper circles, their impudence, ignor ance, and presumption, assists them to the top; they ore the scum of the Lachlan, they batten on sharp ing, and look sleek oni the folly of cullies. ?eo are fast drifting into the same channel that gave California iher unenviable notoriety. We have an irresponsible government. Trueo, they do not govern the country with revolvers and knives, but with far more acconmmodarlting tools, and much safer to handle 'theo muffs of the Assemrbly. The ministry are enitrenched behind their patronage. Place and power aro given to their friends and supporters, without. r forenc to their qualifications or character. The benches of the country are filled with informers, ,biicklegs and insolvent compounders, &o.;, \- a catalogue too numerous to mention. I it any wonder thie yoong..men rising up ehbould be vitiated, when they see well known nobtorious characters dispensing justice, com paniions in their duffing transactions, and fellows that have.n cased them of sornme of their spare cash at Ilthree ' up?:; The people will hIave to takle the question up, and return men of intelligence to the Assembly that .:v11 force the ministry out of office if they do not purgeothe bench of these chlaracters. The people havet the ballot in their bands, and it is their own fault if thie scum of tie country rides over them rdugh-shod. I see the people of Orange are making a move to have a fresh inquiry touchling thie death of Cornelius Boyd, who was shot by the policeman. I read the report of thie inquiry, and certainly it seemed to me a fit case to go to a hIigher court. .Although some people maoy and do say hle was a mere Donegaler that rwas shot, it may be their own case one of these days. They are encouraging police men to draw and fire on the sligitest occasion. The consequence will be that people will Ihave to carry arms to defend themselves from those who SOught to protect them. The whlole of this has origin. nted in the loose andti scandalous mannier in which justice has been adrlministered. It is a notorious fact -nn Forbes and elsewhere that ruffians have been charged with strilking and ill- ursing men atnd women, kickitg and jumping on them, and thit without any provoca?tion; and the Shallows Iavoe let them off withl a fine of a pound or perihaps a few slillirgs. This is a deplorable state ofaffoirs. I also see that a Pottinger came to the rescue of lthe cloth. -He gave the policeman a good character. I have no doubt it had a good effect on the minds of the jury, A. real gentleman like Pottinger, with his prepossessing appearance, and great public services, must have had conrsiderable weight. We are likely to lose him; it is reported he -will be removed to Maitland. Our young men will be inconsolable. Who could handle a cue like him, so iracefully; and who such a dead-shot at the billiard table! Some of the proprietors and proprietresses of our top establishlments have left or are about to leave for more congenial climes. The glories of Forbes have departed with her beauties and braves. Forbes, 30th January, 1863. 