THE THEATRES. THE HAYMARKET. The dramatised version of Dickens's beautiful Christmas story " The Haunted Man" was played at this theatre last evening, for the purpose of introducing new spectral effects. The play adheres more faithfully to the tale upon which it is founded than adaptations usually do to their originals and as a consequence, perhaps, it is, like the story, too shadowy, too much of a dream, to recommend itself entirely to the ordinary playgoer; to those, however, in the enjoyment of more thoughtful or poetic minds the play must have a claim little short of that which is found in the Christmas tale, finely conceived and admirably written as it is. The audience last evening did not appear to appreciate the drama so highly as its many beauties might have led one to expect, as regards at least the earlier scenes ; but the explanation of this comparative absence of interest on the part of those present might not be difficult to find. "The Haunted Man does nor in any part of the play, afford such facilities for the successful introduction of the illusion as are found, for example, in such a drama as "The Gap the Spectre," and hence the apparent feeling of disappointment in the many. In " The Castle Spectre" an unmistakable ghost walks the se; but in "The Haunted Man" the spectres are more shadowy, and have less the appearance of visitants from another world. But, if the apparitions were less satisfactory to the majority of the audience than was the ghost of " The Castle Spectre, there was at least no room whatever for disappointment as to the manner in which " The Haunted Man " was played. The different characters found fitting representatives, and ample justice was done to the drama by one end of'. Mr. Richard Younge was the Haunted Man and in him the character of Mr. Read law had a very fitting representative. He played quietly, earnestly, and effectively throughout. Mr. Holloway made a capital Mr. William Swidger, Mr. Milne an equally good Old Philip Swidger, and Mr. R. Stewart was at home as Mr. Tetterby. The part of the Ghost fell to the lot of Mr. Edwards, who did all that was necessary for his part; while Mr. Willie Edwards played very cleverly indeed as the child." But the charm of the play was the acting of Miss Annie Lockhart, as Milly, wife to William Swldger, the heroine of the piece, and the guardian angel of the Haunted Man. Her conception of the character was in strict keeping with the original, and she played throughout with an intelli- gence, a grace, and a quiet power, which left nothing to be desired. Indee 1 Miss Lockhart's Milly, more even than her Peg Woffington, stamps her in a clever and skilful actress. Owing, perhaps, to the difficulties attending a first representation, there was more delay between the acts than usual, and there were also defects in one or two scenes as regards stage arrangements, which would better have been avoided. Defects of this kind, however, are not incidental to the play, but accidents merely, and on the repetition of the play to-night probably none of them will be observable. If the ghosts of "The Haunted Man" are less ghost-like, it may be added, that in " The Castle Spectre," they are not, at the same time, in any sense of the word a failure. On the contrary, the appearances are so successful as to afford, to our thinking, additional evidence that the invention is as yet in its infancy, and that, with the improvement which a little time will bring not one, or two, but many spectres may be produced, if necessary, at one time The afterpiece last evening was the laughable farce of " My Precious Betsy," in which Mr. Simmonds appeared as Mr. Bobtail ; the programme concluding with the comic ballet of I " vol au vent," by the Leopold Family. THE GHOST AT THE PRINCESS'S. The spectral illusions which, under the generic title of " The ghost, is now absorbing so much attention appeared for the first time at the Princess's Theatre last evening. The process by which the apparition is produced is said to differ from that previously adopted, and it has this advantage, that the shadowy figure walks across the stage, and, moreover, betrays no symptom of the mechanical agency to which he owes his being. The fact, as we are informed, of an accident having occurred at the last moment to disturb the arrangements occasioned a few drawbacks to the perfect success of the phantom, but those are not likely to mar a future performance, nor even last night were they observ- able to the persons in the pit, stalls, and boxes?. The piece in which all these effects were brought about was a version of Miss Braddon's novel of The Captain of the Vulture," dramatised by Mr. Fawcett, the lessee of the theatre, and it abounds with startling incidents rather loosely thrown together. The ghost, who does not belong to the original story, is the shadow of the twin brother of the Captain and by a mixture of physical and spectral means, a murder is done, and wrongly laid to the charge of the heroine, Millicent Duke, whom Miss Rose Edouin impersonates to great advantage ; while the audience are left somewhat in doubt whether the crime is actually committed by twin brother or the Sein loca who is brought upon the scene. At any rate the audience were demonstrative enough in their applause, and the play will doubtless increase in power on repetition. It must not pass without notice that the acting of Mr. W. W. Allen and Mr. W. B. Gill was much above the average of such efforts. THE ROYAL. The play of "Love's Sacrifice, and the farce of " Popping the Question " were repeated last evening. The "Ghost effect" has been withdrawn from the bills for the present, pending the legal question being gone into, and an additional factor has been added. to the programme for the next four days. 