TO CORRESPONDENTS. (From the Cornhill.) 'Tis in tho middle of the night; and as with weary hand wewiite, "Hereendeth CM, volume seven, ' we turn our grateful ejes to hfaven. The fainting spul, oppressed long, expands and blossoms into song: hut why 'twere difficult .to state, since here com menceth volume eight. And ah, what mischiefs him environ who claps the editorial tiar on! 'Tis but a paper thing, no doubt ; hut ihoFO who don it soon find out the weight of lead -ah me, how weBry 1-one little foolscap sheet may cany, riensing, we hear, to gods and men was Mr. William Gladstone when he calmed the paper duty fuss ; but oh, 'twas very hard on Us Before he took the impost off, one gentleman was found enough (he «oí Herculean, but still !-) to bebr the letters from Cornhill : two men are needed now, and these aro clearly going nt the knees. Yet happy hearts had we to-day if one in fifteen bundled, say, of all the packets, white and blue, which we diurnally go through, yielded an ounce of sterling brains, or aught but headucbe for our pains. Ah, could ihe Correspondent see the Editor in his misery, no more injurious ink he'd slier!, but tears of sympathy instead. "What is. this talc of straws and bricks} A hen with fifty thousand chicks clapt in Sahara's sandy plain to peck the wilderness for grain-in that un eappy fowl ÍH seen the despot of a Magazine. Only oue difieren ce we find; but that is most important, mind. Instinct compels, her patient beak; ours-in all modesty we speak-is kept by Conscience (Bternly chaste) pegging the literary waste. Our barns are stored, our garners-well, the steck in them's con sidiruble; ytt, v,hen we'ie to the desert brought, again comes back the melting thouçht that some vhere in its depths may hide one little seed, which, multiplied in our half acre on Cornhill, might all the land with gladness fill. Experience then no more we heed ; but, though we seldom find the seed, we read, and read, and read, and read. Never of us shall it be said, we left a hopeful line unread. When to our groaning desk wo turn, our bowfla in two senses yearn : in one, at our own tails they sicken (nias, poor editor ! poor chicken !), but on the whole they rumble most in grief for others' labour )< st. It is eo ead ! Of bards a score, of rhapsodists a dczen more ; of critics five ; historians six ; eight aspirants in politics ; eleven doctors of revenue ; twelve comic writers spie and span new ; satirists (not the sort of men to be put off so lightly) ten ; meta- physicians twenty-three-more than there ever used to be; novelists (female) foity-nine, and two male persons in that line-these at the present hour await the sentence of impartial Fate. The thought of all tbiB úselos toil-this waste of enetgy and oil, these fair ombitiens fondly nurst, but even in the cradle cuTst-is really grievous j pray believe, O brethren, that we really gueve. t But what is to he done ? "We know that long as v ords and waters flow, andpeople may to Fortune go by way of Paternoster Bo w/aud gain is fame and fame is gain, we may importunnate in vain ; still on must roll the unaltered flood, and leave us sticking in the mud. Well, we accept our fate ; resigned to suffer meekly for mankind ; and heaven forefend that we should ever di- couiage promising endeavour. It is our hope furn day to day-the hope, our comfort and our stay -to find such prfjinise, or a ghost of it ; we promise , that we'll make the moRt of it. How gladly, loo? Well, there be some who could unfold-but we'll be mum. B knows how we jumped at him ; A-we never shall forget the day when, sticking to our duties, we were busy drinking up the sea in quest of pearls, and haply came upon that pearl, that priceless gem! Maman, so fond, so joung, so bright, you have kind secrets of delight, profoundly Bweet, divinely dim, unshared, ungutssed at even by him ; but nobody can ever know the flaitering thrill, the joyous throe which agitates this breast whene'er we scent a new contributor. You think, ma'am, that's exaggi ration ; hut just conceive the Bituation. ¡sup- pose before you'd time to say " Blest hope ! " the {.recious cherub lay- papa's own image !-in your arms ; and then before those sweet alarms about the uture 01 his nose, his locks, his toothy-pegs, arose the loveliest curls entwined his pate, his pegs came, in a perfect set, the darling pug grew nobly Greek, the Dear got on his legs to speak, and talked and laughed, and leapt and ran, and in some thirty minuteß' span became a handsome grave young man ? Conceive that, madam, of your boy !-conctive your own swift ¿hocks of joy, the dread that, oh, it cinnot be 1 ceas- ing in splendid certainty !-this done, you possibly may kiiow our flattering thrill and joyous thrue. j Por that's how geniuses are bom to us upon the hill of Corn. Concealed lrom all the world they lie, m ixanuscript and modesty ; we spy them out as Pharaoh's daughter spied little Motea near the water ; £nd while we gaze, tr e gloiious thing-poor, philoso- pher end king, thinker i>f thoughts that father creeds ;-rises full-statured through the reeds. Our joy, our hope, our happiness, no common language can ex- press Ho, boy! bring hithtr nreaths of rose, one lor us, and one for Motes. He shall be crowned before We sleep ? For now-ah, now we're all a creep ! Our very 60uls to goose fleth turn lest other editors should learn what we have learned, and snatch the prize almost before our hungry eyeB. 'Tia but a mozntnt, and we stand before our genius hat in hand : ours, for in chains of gold he's bound !-ouis, for with wreaths of co_n he's crowned !-There, modest spitit ! that's the way we jumped at B and courted A : mere mortal men of art and sense, unspoiled by tinsel or pretence. If what they've done your pen can do, take courage and be courted too. The famous great vte count our own ; send us, kind heaven, the great unknown ! This ia our worst disaster; when some new star swims into our ken, twinkles a little while, and then unluckily swims out «gain : and that will happen in the space of twenty periods-more or less. Again we search the rayless dark, again we catch the fitful spark ! Blink ! wink ! 'tis gone ! quenched in a sea of boundless mediocrity. Now that's provoking. There's a kind of maraby, foggy, fenny mind, whose Jack-o'-lsnttrn wit deludes into the sappiest solitudes unwary females, guurdsmen, all the innecent un- critical. They don't concern us ; our lament is mude for nobleT spirits, spent in one expression to a pago of uuilluminea verbiage. We flounder on with ardtnt BtBre, perfectly happy, for our share, to catch a thought, a gleam of wit from time to time, and pon- der it? But for the rest, what can bo done? O Lucifer ! unhappy son of mornings always at the dawn, dispel the muddy vapours drawn from chaos that obscure your light, or hasten to go out in night. You only bother us ; and yet-no, don't go out, but try to get less intermittent in your way of adding to the light of day. We'll wait ; we'll keep the tele- scope of watchful, patient, eager hope upon your efforts, till we're sure you really must remain obscure ; br till your evanescent rays kindle intoja lasting blaze. yfhy not ? The comets, people say, will all be planets one fine day ; and we have known some authors very, yery, very cometary, who have got steadier, and are a good large useful kind of star. Some brains to start with, and the test is done by industry and taste. Who trioB withihete, and then comnhnna "r r",-~ without the brains. "»»P'»«» °f failure, 8tart3 But now what have we said r This i.,T., tious business ! To swell the numil "f m0S ve« (tetif,-the heans of thole who 7e ,c terrera'* lot: that, most undoubtedlv, was newh»?V ^ cursionwEsbi^unfor; but now we w^ th.I,di' aWeneior. yCs, we foSw & d«?d "MetsphjBicnmi. twenty.three » " MotLiL . . ' be the «o» ! Sermons ana satires by t?Ä'» in faggots of a hundred ! Heaven . ho« iT Úhii we've blundeud! The murd«V out Ï5 0USly BHid-end those reports so widely "ÄeÄbS' people whemwe fee to charge us with Wd,bj all go for nothing. Very Ä,w" casîÄ.0"» hoof, and tail, snd unreservedv !,£! a*aJ>°, but, we declare: we on^ Voan-we never"?"11 Our great Icng-sulTeiing i\ such ihaT reoYjÄ mind it much; and nothing can be mailla nt serious, or blunt, than we are when weaver it? .' " the w and of office esme into our hand Wve& .wed whotver sought to do us service : as we 0Ä But to those geniuses who w11 petsUt in toS '' still with odes to Memory: ti My Àunt-Ï gîS X Y. Z Ampexant; theS^-Uik; ïïTaU«k& Thoughts on the Policy af Pitt, the Currency^ E'1 we must respectfully demur, submitting, Vhat "' csnr.ot learn too esily, that the worm willI tura" ' Ah, no more 'tis night, for there comes fheroomin» debonair: A^e, O Aurora fair! What though 2 ballad-singer celebrates your rosy fingsr.-thoÄ praises of your hair drive us daily to. dtspidrli n Aurora fa* ! Come and win the world freafsÄe? dulcetly, like our new number ; for your beauSSw our own daughter of Hyperion! If you doubt». only wau till j ou dawn on volume eight. YoS lead your 3ocund hours.-weour gay contato« and heaven above andeaith belowV saffron S shall glow. Flcaudwe see the vatious train S rehearsal on the plain-with »pomp, and fe« revelry-with masque and antic pageantry " pn" mest m the bright array, noblest FiciLn leads tW next Romance with mystic measure, thrills the soul with di eadful pleasure ; while, with swift and nacZ feet, trips the lively Novelette. Poesy, div °b blight, scatters roses red and «hite, white Seien« tieads, correctly cool, a faecinaiing pos de seul Ses where Satire, ever bland, walks with Essay hand ia hand-Essay she whose thoughtful mern sweetlv sobers all the f cene. Troop on troop they hither come to the sound of pipe and drum ; and darkness ai they come, is hurled backward o'er a waking world v\ ith tho waning of the moon wanes this littra« lune. If Aurora w ould but stay !-but she hates the woik-a-dny, and the work-a-day is here, brazen it.satiate, severe. Sleep awhile, O weary blain and W8ke to gravity again. _S:vnrcrrAUTT or IUl-aik.-A meeting or th« council »u held on Monday, tho 7th instant. Members proscat-ihe chin. mon (Str. Walter Church), and councillors Beattie, Booth, KliSL Rame«}, Ronald, and Rounlrcc. 1 he minutes of tin. nracMau" of the pre> loua meeting- were read apel confirmed. A letter tim the Redfern Municipal Council, dated the 2?th August, addiewti ti the chairman, waa read, stating that a meeting of the chairmen orotherrcprcsentatiTcsof tho suburban municipalities would 1* held at Messrs. Mort and Co 's Rooms, rut- street, on tho 2nd of September, at half-past three o'clock, to talc Into consideratloa various clausca of tbo "Amended Municipalities Dill" with ter. min proposed" amendments» seriously affecting the inttrtiuof municipalities, and requesting his attention and co S? The chairman reported, that being uaable to obtain theUtaot the council by the 2nd instant, ho attended the meetingT tdi not pledge either himself or the council to attend any "C«it meetings- whereupon councillor Ronald moved, « That tho emir. man und councillor Stenhouse be appointed as a deputation ten Ibis council, and that they bo requested to attend tho çonreieuco of the representalivea of tho suburtra municipaiitica on the subject of 'the Miiniclnll. vZ TltlámClíÍ,<mV" Vni, *?* carricd nMnlnoîilr. Tho following petitions were received, and referred to the com. mutee ot works for their consideration and report .-1 From Mr II. Gardener, complaining that his property in Johnson street bad been injured bj the formation of the footpath ia that street, and requesting attention thereto 2 From Mr. J IL Miles, can" plaining of a nuisance arising from drainage from Mr. Partir. premises into Ilosking-stieet, and praying that such alterauon might bo mado in the level of noskin^-strcet us would remedr the nuisance. S. From residents and owners of property Io Cima. bell-street, that steps may bo taken to have the said street nude available for purposcaof trafflo lbo committee of work, bjoruht up a report stating-1, That they had certified as correct cenara accounts for £6 J 13a. 3d 2. Thal an arrangement had been m.de ?frith Mr. W. II. Sawyer, shipowner, Balmain, for tho supply of i quantity of blue-metal «tono iu exchange fur kiuidätoiie, rabtah. _c , for flll¡Hg-in purposes And 3 That they had examined _. two HueB proposed for a thoroughfare between William street and rcarson-Etrect (East Ward), and that they lind the higher Use, through tho parr-onage land, tho moro eligible, bat, there being no funda available at present for the East «ard, they -would recommend that tho work be deferred, Tbo committee of finance brought up a report statinit that ante the adoption of tho hut report (¿4th ultimo) sundry acconnli, amounting to £31 fls lid, had been paid bj them uudcrvotejof appropriation, and recommending the payment of £6 9j lo McssrB. lalrfax and Eons, and £t KIb to the Government Printer for adicrtisimenla. Report recen ed, and, on the motton of couneillor tvuns, adopted. IhecommittcL of general pnnwHi brought up a report slating thal they bud nude inquiries rclnure to a central place on which to erect the Aro bill, and that Mr, Twentjmuu had oflercd the use of two pitees (f ground for tie purpose, but that tbev belle» ed that the bejt situation »¡raid be on the ground belonging to the School of Arts, aud recommended .hat that site be sicured wlthoutdelny Repon received Cooa. cillor Ramsay called the atUntion of the council to the delay _ erecting the jetty at Waterview Baj, and asked when It -kiely that the work will be curried out. The chairman of the com- mittee of works, upon inquiry from the chair, reported that, ¡nttead of the jctlj proposed to be erected at the Joint ,e_pense of the council and owners of property and others residing in the vicmitj of bnails Bit, hu bad been informed that it is tho intention o! Mr. T. B. Mort, in conjunction with Captain Rountrec, to forms wharf and construct a jetty between the coal sheds and tie fencers, on the north side of the bay, and likewise to form a rou leading from the jetty to the junction of Union-street, with Bal last-road, at their own expense. The following noticesofrno tlon for next meeting wero gi\on.-By councillor Ronald " That application be mado to the committee of the School el Arta for permission to erect the tire-bell on tho ground contlra oua to the Behool of Arte " By councillor "Mott. " That Camp. ?bell-street be formed at a cost not exceeding "100 1. That a ian not exceeding £220 be >oted for ¡the formation of Ballast ro_, between Mr Allen's and Mr Reed's" By councillor Birtuaj. "J. That Union, Hosking, and \\\ llUom streets be at once formed, and that tc-ders for th« «ame be immediately invited, 1 Tait it being considered Impracticable by the majority of the member» of the eouncil to form a street leading from Darling street But to 1\ illiam-slreet East, plans of tho proposed couti« to W ililam-sirect mid-way bo prepared and sub_it~i to the owners of each property at Peacock's Paint The council reBOhed itself iuto committee fortbe further con- sideration of a bj-law (read at the proious meeting) atlectuij tho ostaDkfchnient of cemeteries within the municipality, Iii draft of said by-law hauug been approved, tho council reiimsl its Bitting, and, on the motion of councillor Ronald, adopied ti» following as a by-law, to be submitted to his Ltcellency ti« Goven or and lbc Ltcculive Council for confirmation, ni, " Tlui co cemetery shull be established within tho boundinaoi i he municipality of Balmain, without the sanction of the council. _,>e tendéis for the construction of a bridge InHappy balley «in opened and considered, and that of Mr Patrick Killeen forfW accepted. The council then separated. MuMCir-Aiiri op Rkdf-hn.-Tho council met on Fn_J, ti 4th, for the transaction of business. .resent-tlio chairman IM Gcorgo Renwick), and councillors Wild, Jones, and Crana, its minutes of tho previous niectlnt, having been read and contra», tho chairman brought up the report of the finance comuilttee, re- commending that uccounta amounting to £'63 3s '"«-bewa. Ino report was adopted, on tho motion of councillor niw. aecorded by councillor Crane, The clerk ihen read the report a the improvement committee, which stated that the works ni Botany Road, Turner-Btrect, and \\\ illiaiu-strcet, wcro <»»C¡*¿> and those lu 1'itt-strcct and James-street progressing. Thecaaii man reported that on the ¿Oth August, a meeting ottherepre scst-tms of soural suburban municipalities had been hematía« council chambers, Redfern, for the purpose of considering van» clauses of the Amended Municipalities Bill, now before ««»"'7 mid alBO certain proposed amendments seriously Meet- ing the intcrestfl of the municipalities, at whit»? » ?waa rcsohed to hold a larger meeting on the io«»T» ?Wednesday. The meeting was held accordingly, ia »J«"Jj on the Beceind Instant, at which were prêtent the roproscH«,utb of «even mnnieipat councils in the nighbourhood of the metrópo- lis .when various clauses of the bill were taken into conT«T"T 'Jhe meeting was then adjourned to the 8th instant for "."» siderulionof the remaining clauses, and adopting such mau»«» SB might then be agreed upon A letter was read from air.<> inuth, ofUtvclund-strect, complaining of tbo state 01 nena» fronting bis house through the ground having °wn_c"T_ tho purpoBO of laying oown the water main, los w waa instructed to inform Mr. Brush that 1w City Council will be communicated with, » """»"""j duty to attend to it. Tho tenders were ««J ffj for the supply of blue metal and rubblo atona J""T. deemed ineligible, for tho latter tho tender of J. W»_"V ceptcd, on the motion of councillor Wild, ac«roa<!d J* *»«MT Crane. After which tho chaiiman laid before the m««n/,l£ of the now buildings (twol\c in burry Ullis ward,, an;i'"^'Z, in Redfern ward) -which had been assessed and adoptedty«. council. The clerk was directed to servo the usual notices w the parues assessed, and the day for hearing appeals aguT » an-cr-amcnt was fixed for Tuesday, tho 14th beplembor. A i'» from Mr. John Wooda waa then read, tendering his realgni»»»» ofHce as councillor for Redfern ward. Councillor Jon"»"T, »That the resignation of Mr. Wooda bo accepted, TfTA declared vacant" Seconded by councillor Crane and ««ne* Borne InBtructiona having been given to tho clow,mo" MUNICIPALITY OF WATERLOO, The council met on Saturday last, at three o'clock. Present : The chairman (Mr W. Bryant) councillors Steward, William Moon, Oates, West, Sparkes, David Moon, and Wilson. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was read from the council clerk Redfern, stating that a meeting of the representatives of muni- cipal councils would be held on Wednesday, in Sydney to con- sider the Municipal Act which is now being considered in Parli- ment. Councillor Oates moved, "That the chairman and councillor West be the representatives of this council" Councillor Sparkes seconded the motion Councillor William Moon moved as an amendment "That the chairman and as many of the councillors who may wish to go may do so." Councillor Steward seconded the amendment which was negatived, and the original motion was carried. A letter was also read from Mr Robert Brown, asking permission to erect a permanent blind in Buckland-street which was granted. A petition was read from certain ratepayers in Bulli- naming-street South, complaining of the state of the street, and asking the council to make some improvement in the same Councillor Steward moved " that the petition be received Councillor Willam Moon seconded the motion. Carried Sundry accounts, amounting to £57 1s 8d were passed and ordered to be paid. Councillor Steward moved "that the sum of £1 be expended in filling up the root holes in John-street from the bridge to George-street. Councillor Sparkes seconded the motion, carried. Councillor Steward moved "that the sum of £4 be expended in forming the footpath in Bullinaming-street South, from John-itreet to Buckland-street Councillor Wilson seconded the motion. Carried. Councillor West moved "That the sum of £7 be expended in kerbing and forming the footpath from Botany-street to Bullinaming-street in Raglan-street South." Councillor David Moon seconded the motion. Carried. Council then adjourned, 