NEW YEAR ELEOXOÈAIi CHAMPION RACE. . NOKINATIOIÍS TOR Tn E WEST Smafcnr STAKES. \u. EAGER'S Consistency (by Gift o' Glib, out ol \ Honesty.) *. SrjtKit'a Unknown (by Aldoruian, out of Inipu l dence.) 5\\.-MOFÏA.T'S Sl'tch-tO''em .(by Association, out of Lady 1 ¡Jane.) ?bo beti big on 'J'ucsfloy vf ns nil in fnvour of Consis- tory, who was fredly bucked nt 2 to 1 against thu Held. Oiiiown being, ns his name implies, !a'thorouglily davk hoit was but shyly orfquircd after ¡ and dei pilo Slick "to-'U'g notorious ill->ltiok, Iris well known bottom caustd hiinp bo regarded warily by ' tho partizans of tho fa voiiru, , '[ _Th\r -trial gallops on Tuesday worii looked forward to with insidorablo nnKio^iinasrVmoh. os, -1«'«? open to të*3ffîiriîfèfâïaQ-- írore" offned As likóiy .t¿ alford sbnio "iiislglt into thoir respectivo qualities. Pifcisoly at noon, tho West Sydney course was crowded with cager spectators, and presented an .unusu- ally hely appearance. Sric-TO-'Eir . was tho first to show, and looked ;well j\\.his glossy cont hoing the theme of general adiniraion. His hind quarters/ aro powerfully do velopoà, but ho is -undoubtedly 'too ileshy at pro soul, nu os said to bo given to taking thc bit in his toeih un| riimiing open-mouthed. His stablo reports bim to li an invetcrnto crib-biter, and very dilllcult lo hold, lia great faults to our oyo were his over condi-, tiou andicstlossness, and wo fancy ho will find ¡tho paov¡ too strongfor him. I UHKKOIJT oxhibited so milch shyness that ho was with j difllculty b'pught lo tho post, "but in other respects ho is; a powerful nimal, though apparently much negloctod in ' his tniiniiip; Ho is said to feed well, mid we think thc muzzle migli bo judiciously resorted to boforo tho com-, ing strugglo.'l . j Co.isisTEíi:y cama out last, and certainly presented ; soino ndrnirullo points, his stylo of " going it " proving ¡ him poSBOssedxif excellent paco, could ho bo sirfncicntly restrained nt tia jump.* Hoinanifostcd considerable ¡rn- ' patience and vm'kod his head desperately, in his ondea- \ vours to getinb his stride j and nn oxtra sweat or two] beforu the-couv^ioing day would doubtless bo of service. Tho usual pnlimirïnriea- having 'bcon completed, Mr George Thorutoi gave tho word " off," and Sfick-to-'om rushed to tito-'Aro at .-a-strong bat 'closely hugged by Unknown, "hut (hey wcro Tjoth speedily collared ond gave , way'ito thc favourite, who went away nt score, and. was not tb lo caught. No alteration took placo in! tito position of tho nngs, and they reached the chair in tho 'Order lum od, .Consistenoy nil but distancing tho çthor two. i It was freely whisporcd that'both ! Unknown and Stiok-to-eni worn palled in ibis trial gallop, but'in our opinion 'tiioy did all they knew. Consistency I novor tnrned a hair j but. Unknownjjulled up dead'linne, and was lcd to his quarters, tho flovormnont Stables j whilo Slick-to-em waa in a perfcet' lather, and blowod a hurricane. A rumonr was current that ono o'f his stablo lads nnmed/Simpsoii, had on tho provious evening ob- tained neebss to his box, rind dosed him, and tho fact of Simpson being absent from tho courao gnvo a color lo tho roport. Wo cannot ;tôû-strongly doprecnto such bronches of (rust, ond liopo tho delinquent may meet with bis de- serts. Ufr Veterinary Surgeon Manning was called in, and having examined Stick-to-'ein, pronounced him "all 'wrong,'' an opinion which ivns endorsed hy thrco com ' pefeiif- judges. His owner, however, decided on starling him. Tho unga wcro severally 'fronted to a warm ninsli 'V¡Jfí .n't','c',lc''A-mi1'l, ^lifter hoing direfully rubbed down,. m«¿K^%sMut n...¡,. .t».n«fi. ft.:* ioVtlieninto th"é-óínrA*p«»ej^SiiI a.'mos\ animated'weno^ riló rms iras full of business; 'nucí 'n.môïigst'thc Inrgcst [toolmakers was our sjwrhng"'friend,' jSIJpberv Chnrloy, göiotook tho.odds fra$tij^nilm a'ghln/t .'the Alderman ' oôl& ' Brown. Am«; "fe^j^^binsph îvero mit» upon Consista»>u5ri"'ffnd tltoSe TÄy^aVo rnVoly out' in their jutig-. .W.úí." Stioic-to-'om was said to huvo hod a had night, ' ?symptoins of colic having manifested themselves; and he: was brought on to tito grrauT heavily clothed. Tho; bell being rung for saddling, tito process of'tito toilette! commonccd. Tho favorito stripped like n star, his oyo was clear and brilliant, and ho doked full of running, on '? tho strength of which-wo quietl;-invested n fow browns1 with our knowing pal, Weekes. -Unknown appeared in ; -winkers, nnd scorned frightened it tho crowd, though Iiis condition lind, wondrously ïnipored, and ho was en- ; trusted with no inconsiderable ur.cnnifc by his porty. As they draw up to tho tarting post, Frcehill. . nearly got a purler, through Iiis horse pulling "hard, as' though conscious of tho work befoolihn. All eyes woro now fixed upon tho Umpire, win, ns tho long hand of liïa stop-wntoh indicated tho appeal cd hour, dropped his aneoze-rnpr, nnd tliey wore ". o(K' THE »HEAT WEST SVPNEY liurcrra.in STAKES, 'rnluo a snug Government billet, buco round tho AV. S. course : welter weights. j \ TJsrrinE : Goo. Thornton DEsq. STEWAUDS : Messrs Duflhi, McKpown,\ind Mountcastlc. ; .Mr ingar's Consistency.,...!.(Frechill) 1 Mr Spoor's Unknown..L.(Sutherland) 2 Mr Mount's Stiok-to-'om....\\.(Jonnctt.) dis. Betting at «tarting : 3 toi on Cpisislonpy ; 2 to 1 ngst Unknown ; 10 to i agst Stick-to-e'n. Unknown made a desperate rush for tho Prorpiorshin but was collared in tho. first half dozen _ strides by tho avorite, and retired ' to jola company with Stiek-to-om, -ho waa already in difficulties, and, who, after vainly stnggling against fi.tc, fairly bolted at tho corner, leaving t o raco botween tho twain. And now a Bplondid ofTorf was niado by Un- known who gradually drew up to to favorito's girths,, and for a short distiinco apporircd tibold his QWTV. AB thoy neared tho goal, howpvor it was evident that Con- sistency was nil thoro,' mid ho pnssod Jio chair in a can- ter nniidat, voniforous chcora. Unknown ran well and j gamely, and .wo shall oxpoct to.' hoar of him in futuro. I Slick-'to.'om hod iiot n.ghost of a chaim from tim start, . mid he was'much distressed by even tjo short distance ¡ ho wont. Wo wish him bettor fortuno pi his next essay. ' As tins groat ovonfc was to bo decidoq not'only by tho ? position, but tho lieiglil of tho computitoti on the spocdo graphic poll, we giro thotV,,meastirom telegraphed hy tho Umpires-- . ': \ ' *. CONSISTENCY. 1311 hands. i -^- UKKSOWK-...-.-.-..".',...,..:....:' 120^ .« '," .' ..- "STroKtTO-'aîjr V.Í:....V...Í.VVV.!-Í'JW-'--: -'-MI-:._¡ Tho result was hailod by universa cheering with tho exception of a dismal groan from " Sjppory Charley." A KAJÎCÎAKOÔ Hu-Nr.-KO descrip on Of ljuntirng cnn, - como up caji real good italtyho ! ut Im hool of an old ' man kangaroo-one-who while retain ig tho unimpaired : speed of his raco, lina lirod long ci nigh, td acqtiiro n knowlodgo of tho best dodges by rtwioh to1 eludo hu. pursuors. "Manya bushmnn cnn.|ftt i a " talo unfold," i pourbri\ying thc glories of-tho hill fc: not a whit behind; tho heart-stirring adventures of.-tja English fox Imntcr. On Now-'Xcar's Bay a party of jnuig mon started well armed arid wilina goodly pack of o>; s, out " a kangaroo- ing" from thb'iittlo Riror. Thy arty was hended by I Mr.JamoB Sheppard, ; with wlionj raa Iiis brother, Mr. K. Bridle; Mr Breckenridge, and a few other's with loss pretensions to kangarooing *fa o. Having reached ; tho mountain iii-a, lino .with tho iudawaug, they had sonio capital sport; and after a. bris' -au captured two or . three Tnirslzod kaiigiu-oos. " Tho 1 it ono, however, tho orovmmg ono of tho lumt, a real.oldman,for n long timos set ut nought tho speed of ' both . ¿ 53 and riders, and -tho leader .of tho party,-with-.ón'Q. r two -others, kopt after him in hot pursuit for at loa foin- or (ivo miles hoforo; he..bogan to slacken his sp id,'or ore tho dogs perceptibly gained upon him. Unm tho foremost dogs coining into cloBo quiirtors'with hi 1, howoveV, "tho old : man," afters sanding ono poor brut sprawling to mother : earth, took up another avid win nw ' with him just os if ; :lio was a child, and Sontinviod. tin .with his captivo for j nt lunat a milo further, "until eve tuolly Mi- Shappard j LUirno up ïo-ibhnfund dispatohed^ ¡m. - Wlion'nt list overtaken, und, standing ut bnyy Ki faced his pursuers, ho stood up os high almost us tho ri. irs therasolves,'mea- suring fully sor 