POLICE. CITY COURT. Saturday, August 16. (Before Mr. Sturt, P.M.) DRUNKENNESS AND DISORDERLY CONDUCT. John Hawkes, Michael ATNunwra. and Jiimess Betts, were lined 5s. each, for drunkenness in default, imprisonment for twenty-four hours. William Urquhart, on the charge of being drunk while in charge of a li horse and cart, was fined 10s. Robert Gregory, charged with using, abusive language in the Eastern Market, was, fined 10a. Ellen Davis and Janet McKenzie were charged with general disorderly conduct. The former defendant being too drunk to appear, was remanded till Monday. M'Kenzie was sent to gaol for seven days. Vaohanov.-Sil versus Edwards was charged with having no means of support. Defendant being evidently deranged, was remanded for medical examination. Stealing a Watch William X Buckly, a boy of about fourteen, had been given in custody by his mother, an the charge of stealing, a watch. Defendant had taken, the watch from his mother's bedroom, and pawned it for 6s.,to(!nablehimtogototheHuymarkct,tosco the Ghost His mother now begged the Bench, to permit her to withdraw the charge, as she had an opportunity to send defendant to Port Albert, where a situation awaited him.. Charge withdrawn. False Pretences. Thomas TJjonison, arrested on warrant by Detective Seabridge" charged with obtaining clothing the value. , of £8 from Mr. B. Oahu, Swanston- street, upon false representations, was remanded till Friday.- - next. next. IiAïiCENY.-Mary Foley pleaded Guilty to. the charge of stealing; a tablecloth lions the.. Plough Inn. Prisoner was at present under two sentences, for precisely; similar thefts Sentenced to one month's imprisonment, to be cumulative upon the former sentence. ROBBERY FROM THE! PERSON. - William Condon and John Leary was arrested! by Detective Duross, on the charge of tobbiugono Henry King, while-in a state of drink she was, on the previous evening. Thomas Or hear, a messenger at the railway station, obst' ned, the two prisoners take the man King, v he was extremely drunk, at the time, up right of. way between King-street and William-street. Hero-witness saw them knock him down and search his pockets. He gave information of what he had seen to Detective Dunn, who. happened to be near, and he came at once to the spot and took them into custody, Being searched, the sum of £2 19. Kid. was found upon Condon, and 5s. upon Leary. King being put into the witness-box, swore that he had given his money to the prisoners at the Plough Inn. The change, in consequence, broke down. Mr. Sturt said, as according to the prosecutor's sUtijmont, he had given the prisoners the money, it was to be given up to them and they were diScharged, King being charged with drunkenness pleaded "Guilty," and was fined 10s ; under fault, to be locked up for forty-eight hoAitV. He was taken to the lock- up; but the fire was afterwards paid by the mail Condon,. The New Zealand Commandant have ascertained that the retention of Limiter nant General Cameron In the command u'" New Zealand was not determined upon by the Secretary of State for War in oppo.- unions to the wishes of the Commander-in- Chief, as intimated by a usually accurate may may contemporary. The decision to which Lord de Grey has come in the matter, with the cordial concurrence of the Colony the Secretary, might better be described as a return to the arrangement originally ndvi>c_Utl by the Duke of Cambridge, instead of as a etc taken in opposition to his views. The Commander in-Chief has always been favourable to the retention of the Portenia t-Getiir,l in the New Zealand ççmiP.',ind.-Spectator. 