OTAGO. May 1, via Melbourne, Monday. The City of Hobart arrived yesterday with 216 pas- sengers, and 11,000 ounces gold. Amongst her passen- gers is Johnny Gilbert, the bushranger. Tba two last esoorts brought down to Dunedin 23,633 ounces gold. Snow had fallen in the Like distriot. Tba township of Dunstan was crowded with diggers. The West Coast bas been reaobed from the Lakes by tho head of the Milford Haven.. VICTORIA. THEATBE.-" HAHKST."-When the Tim«* beatows a very large portion of one of its columns to a oritioiam of Mr. Dillon's portraiture of " Hamlet," the key.atone by wbiob many an actor has been made or marred, it ÍB certainly the best evldenos that there is in this production something well worthy of oritioal in. quiry. From the first moment of Hamlet's entry on tbe Boone, we find anea? version of SbabBpere's chief oha raoter, and one that exoites and keeps up our attention. We do not discover tbiB in the reading of any partioular passase, or in the adoption of a new meaning to any phrase not before understood,-though even theBe are frequin*, and often not only in good taste, but are also evidenae of study and originality of idea. In the first plaoe Mr. Dillon representa Hamlet with light auburn hair, and with a dark coloured mantle. In these be ÍB supported by the great G arman representative, Emil Devxient; bot ts Mr. Dillon may not have seen tbe latter, the idea haB very probably arisen in bia own m'nfl. Feobtor, too, gives na a similar version; but Mr. Dillon played Hamlet Ioog before Feobter appeared on tbe horizon. We have legends and portraitures of anoient Danish times, representing that people BB a light'haired race, and there ia not partioular reason to doubt that Hamlet's looks were of that bus. Oar present ao.oi'a forte is undoubtedly the rendering of such oba notera wherein the heart and the feelings are most brought into requisition; consequently be takes advan. tage of all those points in Hamlet's sad fate rendered , sympathetic by his sufferings. He puts aside thB philo» eopber in ' the man of feeling, oompelled only to dissemble by tba treaobery and double dealing of thora around bim. He doss not invest bim with a feigned madness, but makes him really med, orazed from the anguish be bBB bad to endure, and the efleet of it on a nervous tempera, ment and ah imaginative and weak mind. No one in his right senses would kill a mon aa Hamlet transfixes Po. loniuB, even for rtvenge or in anger ; nor would he behave in so.harsh a manner to Ophelia, whose madness is priaaipally oauaed by his estrangement. His weakness of mind, as pourtrayed by Mr. DilloD, is apparent throughout the play. He ölten embraoea resolutions, and as often leaves them unexecuted, and only does him self jostiae when be implieB the dissimilarity between himself and Hercules. In the beginning of tb o play be knowe not of the port played by bis uncle, and bad no cause for bis abrupt oondoor. It is evident, therefore, that . here there ia no feigned madness, but deep feeling at the loss of bia father, and for the conduot of hfa mother. Bat it is not necessary to multi, ply ptoofs of the oorreotneas of Mr. Dillon's theory of this great character; anffioient to. say tbat it ia one in striot acoordauoo with human nature, and though it may be strictly new, yet it is every aotoi'a duty to follow the result of bis own deep mental atudy, provided that such t ¡BOU ia ID good taste »nd sense, we ironía rainer anon piBaagee snowing many beauties in Ur. Dillon's style 0; soring, bat the want of spaae prevents ns, ea we bare i few words to say on tba other oharaoters. Bat first wi cannot omit ocmmendiog in the very highest terms thc way in whioh the piese is pnt on the stega; we have nol [ before Been Hamlet to snob advantage. The ghost I scones are espeelally well arranged, and the abadowy 1 erpiaranee of the ghost behind tba refleotor is peooliarly I striking and very jadioiooB ; equally plotniesque the sosne with the players, and strikingly re fleo tl vo tho grave, yard. Mis. Dillon ie by far the best Ophelia we have seen ; ber reading is elegant throughout-pootlo and gentle-her sweet voice tells with great pathos in the moments of her great Borrow and madness. Thii ohs. reoter elsmpB Ure. Dillon as a flret-olass aotrosa-ono of mind and feeling; Mrs. Fools played ber old part ol the Queen with ber nattai t«Bte, dignity, and judgment. Mr. Burford's King ia one of bis best representations-oolra and tlng.llko, yet orally and designing, Mr. Barford is far abler ia aitch oharaoters than, ia tboso wbioh de. maud tba fall ezeroise of bis voice. Tho flory taorlee found a fitting representative in Mr. G. VV. Barry. Mr. B. Younga and Mr. Harlowe gave great nnotion to tba Saris ot the two grave-diggers; tbe latter will an. oabtedly one day mabo a name tor bimeelf in the dra. malla world aa a first- olasa odor. We believe be ia olosoly connected with one amongst us who is already renowned aa the boat comedian in Australia. It ls soarcely necessary for na to mention the name of Mr. Warner, as tbe Ghost, as the part and he are Identität ; bot we may say a word of favour for Mrs, 0. Jones, aa tba player queen, Hamlet should undoubtedly be re. peatedi THE COFFEE DAV AT NEWOASTLB-Tbe coller dam BO long in progresa, as a preliminary atop la tbe laying in of tbe atono foundation for tbe .' Fairburn," begins at length to aaaume an appearance of reality and to ccnrey some idea of the objeol and utility of ita oenstruotion. Hitborto, and daring several months, the labour devoted to it has oeen chiefly under «rater, and almost erotative! j oonflnod to tbe operations .of the diver and dredges. Subsequently tba heavy framework for the dam had te n put in and made ready for the sheathing, whoa ead. I deni/ the farther progrets of tho work waa suspended for want ot material suitable for the purpose. A supply of sheathing plank having at length arrived, aotive operations have again oommecoed, and rapid progrose ia 00« being made with the work ol the dam, which in three weeks mora il is anticipated will be toady for pumping oaf, and in order for the commencement of the mtaeive masonry required,-Hiweatth liltg-aph, May 9th, I THE lAHOAsnmE BEix.BiNOEB8.--The numero OB i and fashionable aadlenee wbioh orowded tba BOSDIOUB j Hall of the Soho ni ot Arts Bhowed the extent-to wbloh I pabilo interest bad lesn exoited in a deaire to eeo our new arrivals from Lanoaehire; and it affords asna smell degree of eatis'aotion to slate that, extravagant aa were [ the expectations entertained, they were not disappointed; I in fact, tba Bell-ringers folly lustsioed, last ovening, the world-wide repute wblob preceded tbem to this oolony, Tba cordial reception which greeted fcheBe talented ertiBts here oa tbeir first eppoaranoB might have .been reasonably oalonlated on ; bot, strong as thia feeling waa at the commencement of tba evening, it materially in- creased daring the continuance of the performance, and towarde the dose the reception whiob they met with waa enthusiastic in the extreme; indeed, tho performance waa a peifeet triumph. From the moment the announce- ment went forth tbat tbe Bingera would appear last evening, every Beat was eagerly sought for. And here we would make a few remarse. Urged on by the snooesa whiob attended (he performances of tbe Bingera in Melbourne, wbo bad been brought out by Mr. Coppin from Lancashire, that gentleman was indnced to' bring his band on to Sydney, and bas thus afforded UB one of the greatest treata that could possibly be enjoyed by na in tho way of reminiscences of old and happy England. Balls, however, were long need of old whenever the great feasts or rites of tbe Christian ohuroh were celebrated, by whiob (hete ica'.ramen'.a acquired a sacred obaraeter. An old English poet need to siDg "How soft tbe muslo of those villsge bells," and tbe morry peal almost amounts, io oar fatherland, to a national institution. In Lancashire the art of playing on belle is cultivated with muon enthusiasm and aueoeBs. Tba bells are email, and arranged on a moieable stand, and are stroob hrnnmnll inatrnment in eaoh h «nit nf flin narfnrmor. While tbe performance with ne at thia distant end of the world possesses the merit of novelty, it haB also tbe Btill greater merit of extraordinary artistic) skill. The varions pieoes chosen by the ringers for this opening night, by wbioh to afford a display of their abilities, were agreeably intermixed ; and there was hardly a taste from {'grave to gay, from lively to severe" bat ooald bave footnd something to sait bis bamoar. Great experience and judgment were displayed in the varioua selections. Eaob player seemed fatly competent to the trek imposed cn bim. And there ÍB this peoaliarity in tbe raua:o of thsee bells thatoompoeitions can begiven from them to sait the fanoy ot oil times, and in nil seasons, whether in the quiet retirement of home, or in tbe social family party, or in tbe wider ead gayer aíreles of faahionable rrjoio. inge. In faot, tbe music, laBt evening, was moat aocu* rately and beautifully rendered- ; bringing foroibly to one's recollections, Cowper's expressive words How soft the muslo of tboae vlllago bells, Falling, at interval;, upon tho oar, In oadonoo swoot: now dying all away. Now posting loud again, arjd loador still, Cloarand sonorous as the gale comos on. Tbe entertainment oommenocd with the Elfin Waltz by theBell-ringerB, wbioh was played with beautiful effect ; an enoore being demanded, the air waa repeated amidBt the plaudits of tbe audience.. Miss Boyal then appeared, and met witb a most ooidial recaption, wbiob waa only what might have been reasonably expected from Ibo high muaioal ability wbiob ber father, the celebrated Credo Boyal, tbe flautist, beB borne, and ber own personal and professional attractions. She sang " Little Nell," whioh was warmly applauded, The playera next saoceeded, and gave the " Chinese Polka," arranged expressly for the tells, in wbioh the riobneBs end Bweetneas of tba toneB produoed it ia impossible to imagine. Again was an enoore called for, whian the players resp.nded to amidst loud applause. Next came forward Miss E. Boyal, sister to the lady before mentioned, and with a riot) mellow voioe sang " Merry ts'the Greenwood." The introduction, ?' Home, sweet borne," and the galopada from "Gustavus," were now played by tte Bingera, in wbiob performance were exhibited a series of beautiful modulations. The Misses Bay al afterwards sang tho duet " Sainted Mother," the delioaoy of wbioh was greatly relished, " Tbe Blue Bells of Scotland," with variations by tba Bingera, oonoluded tbe first part. It ia no exaggeration to assert tbat tbe execution of thia air, in which' were produoed passages of extraordinary brilliancy, surprised every one present, end Ibo hall rang with acclamations aa the ourtain went down. The second part in the programme gave every Englishman present a reminiscence of Home-the Tower Bells. Here we bad illustrated the raising and lowering of the bells, with the ringing of tbe ohonges. Tboso were gone through with a skill and precision that BUrprised os welt as delighted. Of courte an enoore waa demande]. Mis* Boyal Iben sang a- ballad-"Con. stance." Afterwards tbe Bingera favoured us with a brilliant polonaise (introduction), "Meet me by moonlight alone." The mnsio of this was perfectly tnobanting. Miss. E. Boyal (bon came forward and sang the "Mermaid's Cave," whioh was rendered with simplicity and effeor. Toe Mount Sobottiscbe, arranged expressly for tbe balls, was next given, and kept the audionoe in a Btate of ex- citement, the muelo being of snob a stirring description. "AB it fell upon a Day" was then rendered by the MtSBea Boyal. Tba performance oonoluded with the " Irish Quadrilles," introducing on (be bells "Tba Sprig of Sbillelab," "The (iirl I Left bebiod Me," "Nora Creina," "The Iriah Washerwoman," and "Tow Bow," wbiob waa reoelved with unbounded enthusif sm, " God Bava tba Qaeen" was then played, and the curtain fell amidst vooiferons oheering from the audienoe. The entertainment certainly was one of the best we have had ni Sydney for a considerable time, and we feel assured that the performances of tbe Lanoashire ringers reqaire only to be known to bo appreciated ; and we are convinoed that there will be but f will embrace tbe opportunity wbiob now presents itself of seeing these Lanoaahire muaioianB. From the out- lines whioh we bave hera given of their first performance, it will be see a that tbe pro- gramme waa an attractive ene, and we have heartily to congratulate Mr. George Coppin-a name so long assooiated with tba brightest hlstrionio recollée» tiona-on the good fortune whioh bas attended bis speculation, and wbiob, we feel assured, is only tho forerunner of more abundant BUOOOBS. We may men. tion, en panant, that it ÍB romoured tba Bingers, prior to .behr.leaving Sydney, will afford na an oppor- tunity of witneBBing their powers displayed in one of our belfriep. We can imagine what a treat wonld be afforded by their performance on St. Marj'a bells. Their ringing a peal on the bella presented by the proprietor of Mona would have a delightful effeot from the heightB of Darling Point. THE LATE FATAL ACCIDENT AT PYRMONT. -An in quest concerning tbe death of the man Thomas Roberts aged thirty-three years, waa held before the City Coroner yesterday morning, at the Raillway Hotel, George street South. The deoeaaed was a native of Stirlingshire, Scot land ; was a married man, and resided at Glebe Island. He was employed by Mr, James Yorke, oarease batober, I drive a boree and cart. Abont seven o'olook on Satnrda, evening deoeaaed was going fromSydnoy aarosa Pyrmon by a track leading ont on to the Glebe-road. O wing to tb darkness of the night at the time, he got off the traci and io passing a catting about twelve feet in depth, tbi near wheel of the oatt slipped over the edge, tbrowini the horse and oart biobwarde into the eatling. Deaeaset fell with his head end arm beneath the elde of the cart and was immediately biller'. Shortly after the cooar renoe deceased WBB discovered, and his body removal to the f ead.bouBe at the' Benevolent Asylum, Dr. Han' eard examined it, end found the shoulders, arma, enc tbe right jaw severely injured ; tbe top part of the bead i was. driven in. The mjaries were sufficient tc i canee death. Prior to any evidence beln{ tatton, the laoelity of the ooaarrenee was viewed by the Coroner end jory. The cutting was made whilst Harris-street, Pyrmont, was making, and is a very dangerous spot. It is entirely unprotected, and on a dark night, about twelve months ago, a quarryman, named McGrath, fell down the same cutting, and in con sequence of tbe injury he thereby received was unable to work for twelve weeks. Verdict-Died from Injuries aooidently reoeived by falling over an unprotected and dangerous cliff, faelng the Glebe road. The jory eon« eidered that after tbe outting had been made a fenoe ehonld have been ereoted aronnd it. THE PLOUOHINO MATCHES or THE AOEIOÜXTUEAI. SOCIETY OF MEW Scum W AUB,--These useful append agee to exhibitions of live atook {.ead agricultural produce and implements, bava been arranged by tba oommittee of tbe Agricultural Sooiety of New South Wales, to take place to-morrow. Owing to the .extraordinary Beesons whiob, daring the last two years, have afleoled alike the pastoral and agricultural interests ot the colony, the oommittee very wisely refrained from having their annual exhibition. The atme reason did not apply to their ploughing matchee, and wa find tbat nuder the patronago of hia Bxcellenoy Sir John Yoong, who intends beiog presenton Wednesday, tho oommittee have oflVred liberal prisses for ploughing, whiob are likely to be keenly contested. The railway department have, we understand, met the wishes of the eoa:oly by their inten. tion to isBue exourslon tiobets to tba sooietj'a gronnd, and by allowing their Parramatta and through trains to sot down and take np visitors on the platform adjoining tba society's gronnd. .To those interested in the agri- culture of the colony, . groat treat may be expeoed. 800110, TH*B, OiociBtaa, Seo.-Meiari. W. Doon and Co. ro gaoat na lo dlroot the atten ion of Horohanta, Grocer*, and othoro, to their Important aalea Thia Day, aa abare,at their Ware- house ; commencing at half-past ll o'clock, Bee adrertUomaata VioTOBU BABBAOKS-The.bind of the lath Beg'ment will perform tbe fol owing selection of mnsio (weather permitting), at half-past 4 o'clook p.m. Conductor, H Prinoe, Programme:-Overture, "Zaaberfiote," Mozart' aeleotion, "Ne Touchez pas a la Stine," Boisselet walt«, '? Water Sprite," Coote ¡ Theme, with variation»! Boote; quadrille, "St, Glond«," Bressant; selection Bay BIBP," Glover ; galop, " Ohímpegner,'» Lambyo'; "God Save tbe Queen." GARDINER, GILBERT, AND JOHNNY O'MEALY AGAIN - On Monday evening, during the celebration of the wedding at Mr. Howell's (the Bribery station) - his son having been married that day; likewise the sister of his wife, whose nuptials had taken place that morning - Gilbert and Johnny O'Meally appeared well armed at the house, not, as our readers may imagine, as invited guests, their absence being preferable to their company. Hang- ing up their horses, they went into the yard, and Gilbert proceeded to the kitchen. When Mr. Howell was informed of the honour his unwelcome visitors had conferred upon him, he left his friends and the house and had an interview with them. They gave him to understand that Gardiner, whom they called the Darkey, was up on the hill near the house, but they mentioned that they had no intention of interfering with his guests. We may here remark that Patsey O'Meally, who was then in the house, was included in that number; he also was self-invited, and, we believe, a very unwelcome guest. Mr. Howell gave them some grog, wedding cake, and a ham, and after a time they went away, without inter- fering with or annoying any of the company. We can imagine this was a great relief to the invited guests, whose feelings during the time these desperate ruffians were on the premises, must have been far from pleasant. Some of our townsfolks were present by invitation; we have no doubt they were very glad to get home in safety, without being stuck-up and robbed by these desperadoes, -Burrangong Star, May 9th. GARDINER AND HIS GANG NEAR YASS. - Very little authentic information has recently been current respect- ing the movements of Gardiner and the more notorious characters with whom he is associated. Almost the last scrap of news apprised us that the "General," and Johnny Gilbert were scouring the bush near Jugiong, after having stuck up Mr. Barnes' store, an account of which outrage appeared on the 29th April in our co- lumns. On Wednesday last, Gardiner, in company with Lowry, Johnny Gilbert, and O'Meally, again appeared upon the scene, and, as far as it is prudent to enter into particulars, the following are the circumstances con- nected with their appearance:- It would seem that a little before daylight on the morning we have mentioned, while the Gundagai mail was near Bowning, four men, well mounted, and equally well armed, passed through the township at a leisure pace, and owing to their appearance those who saw them considered that they were a party of police on patrol. The same horsemen subsequently passed the Binalong mail before it reached Bowning on its upward journey, and in the vehicle there happened to be a passenger who well knew the four equestrians, whom he at once recog- nised as Frank Gardiner, Gilbert, O'Meally, and Lowry. The horsemen passed on without interrupting the pro- gress of the mail, but were sufficiently near to enable the passenger, who had upon a previous occasion been stuck- up by Gardiner and Gilbert, and who knew the other two equally well by sight, to recognise and identify the four men beyond all doubt. On the arrival of the mail at Binalong, information was given to the police, and word was passed on to Murrumburrah and Lambing Flat for troopers. Senior-sergeant Brennan, with constables O'Mara and Costoley, of the police stationed at Yass, on receiving intelligence of the circumstance, started off for the purpose of scouring the bush. Since then many rumours have been afloat, to most of which we should be sorry to give currency. It is, however, generally believed that the four horsemen were seen near Yass, subsequent to meeting the Binalong mail. All the men are described as being mounted on fine upstanding horses, admirably fit for speed and en- durance. At the off side saddle-bow of each a double barrelled gun was slung with the muzzle resting in a leathern bucket, and in each man's belt was a brace of Colt's revolvers. Gardiner is described as being dressed in a drab coat, the same coloured hat, and napoleon boots. We may mention that since the party were seen on the Melbourne road, two armed horsemen, each having a jaded animal, called at Mr. Colin McDonald's station on the Cooradigbee River, and after inquiring the road to the Tumut, and receiving direc- tions, pursued their course. There are other particulars connected with this somewhat exciting affair, but as their publication would be injudicious at the present time, we withhold them for a more fitting occasion. Sergeant Brennan and his party had not returned at a late hour last night; we, therefore, hope that they have got on the tracks of the fugitives. - Yass Courier, May 9th. THE CONDEMNED CRIMINALS AT GOULBURN. -Mahomet Abdallah, one of the East Indians, convicted at the last Goulburn assizes of the murder of a fellow- countryman is reprieved, and is to undergo hard labour for life, the three first years in irons. His brother Cassim, for the some offence, is to be executed on Wednesday, the 27th instant. Black Peter, for the murder of his gin, is to be sentenced to hard labour for life, the three first years in irons. The three last named prisoners were informed of their respective fates yesterday by the gaol authorities. Cassim received the communication with great composure, while Abdallah seemed greatly affected at the fate of his brother. Black Peter skipped about and appeared overjoyed at the receipt of the intelligence respecting himself. Robardy, who is to be executed on Wednesday next, is sedulously attended by the Catholic clergy and the Sisters of Mercy, and seems very penitent. \- Goulburn Herald, May 9th. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-A Mr, Foreman cut his throat on Saturday last at Mepstead's Hotel. It appears that Foreman waa labouring under mental aberration at the time, consequent, it is supposed, from the use of intoxi- cating liquor. He was promptly attended by Dr. Boot, but prior to that gentleman's arrival, Mr. Inspeotor Malbon" endeavoured to stop the bleeding by strapping up the wound. The out is not considered dangerous, and as soon as the poor man is sufficiently convalescent to be brought before the Bench he will doubtless be com- milted for trial for the offenoe. This is another case out of the very many which occur of the abuse of intoxicat- ing drinks.-Moruya correspondent Braidwood Dis- patch, BAILWAY Toixv.-Tho reoeipls for tbe week ending fi tb May, 1883, were:- Northern, £443 ls.- lld.; southern, £1113 Us. lld. ; western, £481 IO j. Td.; total, £3038 4s. Bd. 