LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. LUKE'S CHURCH AT THE WHITE HILLS. The interesting ceremony of laying the first stone of a Church of England at the While Hills, was yesterday performed under the most auspi ous circumstances, which, it is to be hoped, augur well for the future success of the work. On an elevated site in the church reserve there stood yesterday the little band of devoted parishioners around the spot which, at a day not far distant, will mark the rise and progress of the English Church at the White Hills. The site could not have been more conveniently selected for the ac commodation of those for whom the edifice is intended, situated as it is in the midstof the non migratory population of the district. The scene was an imposing one ; the clergy wore their full canonicals, and the inhabitants of the village donned their Sunday attire to do honor to the occasion. In the middle of this motley group, the tripod, to which the pulley was attached towered high in the air, but still higher, was suspended a line of multicolored flags, denoting that a celebration of no every day occurrence was in contemplation. About four o'clock, the Trustees and Building Committee of the Church, met the clergy at the School-room, from whence the procession started in the following order:-The school children, committee, trustees, choir and clergy. On leav- ing the School-room the choir and clergy chanted the 132nd Psalm; and when arrived at the stone about to be laid, the choir and clergy arranged themselves on either side of the stone and chanted the 127th Psalm, after which the architect (Mr. Vahland) adjusted the preliminaries, and then handed the silver trowel to the Rev. W. R. Croxton, who proceeded to lay the stone in the usual manner, repeating during the process the words, "In the name of the Father, of the son, and of the Holy Ghost, I lay the foundation-stone of this Church." The stone being permanently placed in position, the Incumbent repeated , the verse, " Except the Lord build the house, their labor is but lost that build it," &c.; . The Apos tolic Creed wat then said, and followed by several appropriate prayers for the occasion. The Incumbent then implored a blessing; on the work that day begun, and after the 100th psalm had been chanted, the ceremony of laying the stone was supposed to have ended ; Mr. Rymer, however, stepped forward, and in appropriate terms, presented to the Rev. W. II. Croxton. on behalf of the parishioners, the handsome silver trowel, which he had recently used in so sacred a work. The Rev. W. R. Croxton warmly ac knowledged the presentation. The trowel was inscribed as follows: "Presented to the Reverend W. R. Croxton, by the members of the Church,as a mark of esteem, on the occasion of his laying the Foundation Stone of St. Luke's Church, White Hills Hamlet, on Wednesday, May 27th, 1863." The clergy were represented by the Revds. Croxton, Flandfield (Melbourne), Chalmers (lnglewood), Martin (Echuca), Rudd (M'lvor), Brazier, and the resident minister of the White Hills, the Rev. Stephens. Underneath the stone were placed the news papers of the day, a coin of the realm, and a parchment scroll, on which was the following In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy. Ghost. The foundation stone of St Luke's Church. White, Hills, in the parish of Sandhurst, is laid by the Rev W. R. Croxton on the 27th May, in the year of the incarnation of Our Lord God 1863, in the 16th year of the consecration of the Right Her Father in God Charles, by divine providence first Lord Bishop of the Diocese of Melbourne, and in the 27th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. Sir Henry Barkly, K. C. B., Captain General and Governor-in-Chief of the Colony of Victoria. Rev. W. R. Croxton, Priest Incumbent of the above Parish. Rev. R. Stephens, Rev. -Amos Brazier, Curates. And the names of the Trustees and Building Com mittee, Architects, &c.; The plans were kindly handed to us for Inspection and are of a novel and chaste design. The di mensions of the nave are 50 feet by 30 feet, and the chancel 20 feet by 14 feet; The style is gothic carried out in ornamental brickwork, the entrance is on the north side, where a tower is proposed to be placed in height about 80 feet. The whole when complete will cost about £1600. After the ceremony, Mr. Holdsworth, one of the trustees invited the clergy and friends to partake of his hos pitality where the success of the church and other toasts were proposed and responded to. Time, how ever, wore on, and the presence of the party was necessary at the tea meeting prepared at the School -room, where upwards of 250 persons partook of a hearty repast. The room was taste- fully embellished with evergreens and floral wreaths, and the trays were presided over by the following ladies :-Mesdames Gilman, Blackburn, Knorr, Smith, and Brain, and Mdlls, Cheyne, Stephens, Rymer, Giles, and Brain, whose as - siduity in their arduous duties was the subject of admiring comment. During the evening several addresses were delivered by the clergy present, and by the Chairman of the meet ing, Mr. Rymer. Several musical selections were performed by the Sandhurst Choir and other musical friends, under the directorship of Mr. Pollard, and thus terminated an eventful day at the White Hills. 