ADELAIDE : SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1863 The practical and widely-spread sympathy evinced by the people of South Australia in con nection with the distressed cotton spinners of Lancashire, induces us to place before the read ers of the Chronicle a few facts and figures illus trative of the present condition of the 'relief movement. It will afford pleasure to all classes to learn that the pressure of distress in Lan cashire has been very considerably lightened, and that there is now a fair prospect of the severity of the cotton famine soon passing away. Not, however, that the mill power of the cotton districts will be fully engaged for a longtime to come ; but the worst is past ; and although sub scriptions are still being raised, and will still be requisite, it is consolatory to know that the ebb tide of adversity has turned, and that the stream of employment is once more rising. The abundant harvest in England this year will greatly mitigate the distress of the unemployed operatives, and although 1863 may not bring them a 'merry Christmas,' it will bring them a much less gloomy one than that of 1862. In January, 1863, the total number of per sons relieved was 456,786, that number being steadily, reduced every month, until — for Sep tember — the total h?d come down to 184,625. This shows that 272,161 persons (chiefly heads of families), who were dependent upon charity in January, were able to do without in Septem ber. The fact is a very cheering one, no matter how it is explained. A portion of the number last mentioned very likely obtained employment in harvest work of various kinds, although the decrease in the number receiving relief had begun before harvesting set in. The 456,786 in receipt of relief in January, were reduced to 294,281 in May, to 256,230 in June, and to 214,115 in July j so that the employment given by the harvest can only have .aided to a small extent in causing the pleasing decrease of destitution referred to. Many of the opera tives found employment under the provisions of the Public Works Act. A correspondent of the Times states that upwards of 900 men were em ployed at one and the same time in various public works in and about Blackburn, and although these figures were subsequently shown to be too high, it is undisputable that the Act in question has been found to work very benefi cially. Others, again, of the distressed opera tives have obtained situations in various parts of the country, and not a few have emigrated. But let the causes be what they may, the fact is the same, and we may enjoy our own Christmas dinners the more thoroughly as we reflect upon the pleasing circumstance that the terrible cotton famine by which so many o our fellow- countrymen were pinched last Christmas, is now much less severe than it- was. Mr. Commissioner Farnall Bays — 'Whereas this time last year the pauperism of the cotton districts was increasing at the rate of 5,000 per week, it is now decreasing at the rate of 1,500 per week,' and this gratifying statement is ad mitted to be substantially correct. But Public Works Acts are only designed for emergencies, and the prosperity of Lancashire is dependent upon the return of an adequate cotton supply. This is still in the future, although the supplies of cotton from the various new markets are gradually increasing. The mills — though many are still closod, and many of those that are open are running short time — furnish employment to a much greater number of hands than they did twelve months back. At the close of September last there were 267,962 in full work, 104,198 on short time, and 160,835 out of work, com pared with 235,827 in full work, 118,900 on short time, and 171,535 out of work in August, and 235,827 in full work, 121,718 on short time, and 178,205 out of work in July ; whilst in De cember last there were on full time only 121,229 ; on short time, 165,600 ; and 247,230 entirely out of work in the districts then in communication with the Central Executive Committee. This shows a great improvement, and it is hoped that sfciil better things will be shortly announced. Mr. Henry Ashworth shows that since the stoppage of the American supply cotton has been received from upwards of 50 new places, whilst those countries that formerly produced but a very little have greatly increased their supply. The following table shows the increase, which — according to Mr. Ashworth's calcula tions — may be expected in 1864, over and above the supply of 1863 :— Bales. Turkey ? 200,000 Italy, Sicily, and Mediterranean Islands ? 10,000 India ? 350,000 Egypt ? 100,000 Brazils, West Indies, Africa, Aus tralia, China, and South Sea Islands ? 150,000 810,000 Allowance for extra export from Liverpool ? 200,000 Increase ? 610,000 ' The weekly consumption of 1861 was 45,454 bales. The supply estimated for 1863 is 22,000 per week, or three days a week, nearly. An in crease of 610,000 bales in 1864, will give 11,730 per week ; which, added to 22,000, will give 33,730 per week, or 4^ days, but irregular work, as at present. The weekly consumption taken from Liverpool up to August 7, this year, was 22,027 bales. Since that date an active demand has arisen, and the stock has . been reduced upwards of 200,000 bales as compared with Christmas last, and now averages 26,000 bales per week ; but a large portion of this may not yet be consumed.' There is some difference of opinion in Man chester as to whether this addition to the cotton supply of 1863 will really be realised in 1864 ; some think it will not, but others believe that the increase will be even more than estimated by Mrl Ashworth. At all events, every year makes England less dependent upon America, and it is exceedingly gratifying to find that the Bufferings which the American war have inflicted upon bo large a portion of the industrious popu lation of Britain, are now drawing to a close. The charity and sympathy of the public are, however, by no means dried up ; and it is with pleasure we record the fact that at the close of last September the noble sum of £397,140 still remained unspent, and available for the further relief of the distressed cotton-spinners. Since the arrival of the October mail, with its numerous reports of Ministerial and Parliamen tary sayings and doings all over England, Ireland, and Scotland, we have woadered that no ' Constant Observer' or other watchful cor respondent has called public attention to South Australian deficiencies in this respect. At home, though the Queen prorogues Parliament, hon. members find it necessary to woo the sweet voices of their constituents in their various dis tricts, and Ministers deem it expedient to un fold their policy touching the great questions of the day. Sometimes it will be at an agricultural dinner, sometimes at a literary soiree, now it will be at the inauguration of a statue, and then at a gathering of tenantry. But whatever the occasion, or the excuse, occasions arise, and ex cuses are invented; in fact, the practice of leading politicians and Ministers of State availing themselves of public or quasi public opportunities to 'pronounce' upon some topic of the day, is fast be coming part and parcel of responsible Govern ment. To those tired of the talk of the session, who have been longing for the quietude of the recess, these supplementary discussions may be a great bore; but on the other hand good re sults flow from them, and the time seems to have passed and gone when statesmen could keep important public questions hermetically sealed for half a year. During the month of October last almost as many political speeches were delivered by members of Parliament in *he United Kingdom as would have been de livered had Parliament been in session. As before remarked, we have wondered that the electors of South Australia have so tamely submitted to silence on the part of their repre sentatives ; but lest their acquiescence in that silence might be considered uncomplimentary to the representatives in question, we will say no more. We may/however, remark, that even if M.P.'s are to be allowed to spend their vacation unplagued by politics, Ministers can scarcely expect to be indulged in the same unbroken taciturnity. Earl Russell goes to Blairgowrie to expound the Ministerial Foreign Policy, and the Law Officers of the Crown find opportunities to explain and vindicate the acts of the Executive. Thepeoplearethusprettynearlyaewellinformedof whattheGovernment aredoingand purpose doing, as if Her Majesty's faithful Commons were in session, with some hundreds of vigilant guardians of public rights asking ' if so why so, and if not why not?' But how different it is in South Australia. The session closed in gloom, and the holidays will pass away in darkness. But stay — His Excellency's southern trip has shed a ray of light into the political darkness, and only a ray. The Governor, the Chief Secretary, and the Treasurer went as far as Willunga, where the Treasurer executed a masterly retreat, and undoubtedly escaped as many difficulties as his Chief met and vanquished. The good people of the South did not talk ' Secesh ' doctrine in the presence of the Queen's representative ; but at the same time they dealt as freely with several vexed questions of local politics as if they were catechising candidates for their suffrages, instead of congratulating the Queen's representative. The Goolwa address to His Excellency glides by such an easy and natural transition from loyalty to Victor Harbor, and from attachment to the throne to attach ment to the jetty, that one might as well try to divide by accurate lines of partition the colors of the rainbow as to say where, in that address, are the respective limits of the loyal and the local! His Excellency's various speeches whilst on this tour are most admirable as examples of official tact and caution. Yet though most guarded in their tone there is a frankness about them which evidently told well. When His Excellency remarked upon the restricted sphere of a constitutional Governor's functions, and of the necessity that existed for his referring all public questions to his advisers ; and when after shielding himself behind the Executive he touched upon the responsibility of the Executive to the Legislature, he rendered it impossible for hishearersto presshim, individually, moreclosely. Even when informing the people that he might not be able to accomplish all that thev desired. he effectually turned aside resentment from him self ; and when he said that he had come to in spect the district in order that he might be able to convey his own impressions to the Executive, his hearers felt that he could not do more. The Governor's sincerity when professing an anxious desire to fulfil the wishes of the colonists is too manifest to be doubted, but the careful manner in which, whilst promising to use his personal in fluence, he avoids overstepping his constitutional prerogative, is most conspicuous. His Excellency expresses his individual opinions candidly and freely; but he keeps within constitutional bounds, and so is likely to make but few enemies whilst making many friends. The Chief Secretary was well received, although Mr. Newland's compliments upon the Ministry as a whole were not very high-flown, and the exclamations of some of the 'indepen- dent electors' were still less eulogistic. At Willunga the Treasurer divulged the whole secret of the Ministerial policy when he re marked that he was glad to get away from the ' ghost of a Road Bill,' and at. Port Elliot the Chief Secretary summed up the programme of the next session in the assurance that his sole object in assuming the responsibility of office was to 'serve Mb country.' No doubt this is true ; but why could not the honorable gentle man have made a Blairgowrie of Port Elliot, and have told the country how he meant to serve it? ? A whiter in a coxtempobabt, signing himself ' Censor,' complains of the Advertiser remark ing that the reimposition of the ad valorem duties in this colony was a great mistake, and that the adoption of the same course, as now proposed in Sydney, would have the effect of still more throwing the trade of the Australias into the hands of Victorian merchants. Of course we do not expect to satisfy all our readers, and least of all to satisfy them on such a subject as the tariff. Nor have we any interest in holding our ground against better arguments, if better are advanced, and shall at all times be happy to welcome, as friendly disputants in these columns, such of our readers as may dispute our facts or challenge our conclusions. But our dyspeptic critic (he owns to indiges tion) is not capable of discussing the tariff question, or he would never make such a remark as this : — ' No honest firm ever came to grief by paying the Queen's duties.' If this means anything at all it means that fiscal arrangements do not affect trade — a sagacious conclusion, truly, for a ' Censor' of the press to arrive at ! The same commercial authority says, with re ference to our remark that South Australia and New South Wales are playing the game of the Melbourne merchants — ' Victoria may soon follow in the wake of South Australian legis lation, and then! how will the Advertiser explain it ?' Well, the Advertiser, for the benefit of ' Censor,' will explain it this way — that if Adelaide, Sydney, and Melbourne, each and all, levied ad valorem duties, they would, fiscally speaking, trade upon an equal footing, which they cannot do so long as goods dutiable in two provinces are landed and sold duty free in the third. We don't think anybody except ' Censor' needs to have this palpable difference ' explained.' The Advertiser ventured to suggest that it might possibly be that the re-imposition of the ad valorem duties had some effect in hasten ing recent failures, but 'Censor' says 'there is no pretence whatever for saying that the late commercial failures and embarrass ments had anything to do with our fiscal system.' No, — but perhaps our fiscal system had some thing 'to do' with the failures. Is 'Censor' aware that Customs duties have to be paid in cash dowa before the goods can be removed ; and has he considered that a trader requires a larger capital to work with under ad valorem duties than when goods are landed free P And cannot he see, on the principle of the last straw breaking the camel's back, that a house just keeping within the limit of solvency, under the free system, may be thrown over to the other side by the sudden introduction of a system of heavy fiscal duties ? If all the Australian colonies adopted ad valorem duties, they would be so far on terms of commercial equality, — the disadvantages would be those of enhanced prices to the con sumer, reduced consumption, and diminished trade. These consequences would, however, affect all the colonies pro rota. But with Mel bourne, a comparatively free port, and the ports on the right and left saddled with heavy fiscal charges, not only is the price of goods at those ports enhanced to the consumer, but the free port attracts the shipping, and becomes the entrepot of trade. 'Censor' says that ships still come here ; and no doubt they do ; just as shops in bad situations and badly managed, may, notwithstanding, do a little business. But a man only exposes his own ignorance if he deny that the tendency of free imports is to improve trade, and the tendency of fiscal duties is to discourage it. If ' Censor ' still thinks otherwise we can only leave him until the time when lie also — to quote his own words — may get ' a little more enlightenment on the incidence of taxation,' and 'a little gentle additional financial pressure.' Meanwhile he had better join the Chamber of Commerce, whose last reso lution on this subject of tariffs harmonized with 'the Advertiser's incongruous and incorrect ideas.' And as a Christmas study we commend to 'Censor' a letter just addressed to the British Association by another person of ' in congruous and incorrect ideas on tariffs' — we refer to Richard Cobden : — ' Midhurst, October 3. ' Dear Sir — As I shall not be in Edinburgh at the approaching meeting of the Social Science Association, it will not he in my power to take part in your discus sion respecting the comparative demerits of direct and indirect taxation. I say demerits, because it is really little more than a question as to the form in which we shall tolerate a necessary evil ; but, admitting the ne cessity of raising a given sum of money for the expenses of Government, there can really be no argument in the abstract why it should not be raised in that form which is the least costly and inconvenient to the public. I say in the abstract, .because I know all the advantage which the advocacy of an abstract principle gives in bringing your practical views to subjection. Nobody can. deny fJuvt Cwstoms and Excise diiiies and oilier in direct taxes are more costly in col ection tJtan a d red levy of taxation, and nobody who hrs examined the subject can doubt that they obstruct commerce, impede manufactures, and check the production of wealth. If a proof ot this be required, compare the progress of a freeport Wx Hamburg with a customs-bound place like Havre. As to the difficulty of instituting direct for indirect taxation, that is a task for statesmen to accomplish. Once convince the public of the soundness of your principles, and you will soon have a Huskisson, Peel, and Gladstone readv to DUt them into nrsu-.tina. The local legislation of our town-councils has already shown the way. The municipal government of our cities contrive to raise their finds by a direct tax, in stead of sn octroi, which is considered an impossible achievement bythe towns of theOontinent. Now, what are the taxeB on tea, sugar, coffee, -Sc , levied at our Custom houses but so many octroi dutiea on a larg - scale ? How impossible it would be to put up barriers at the entrance to Edinburgh or Manchester to collect the municipal rates in the clumsy form of a duty on the daily sup plies of those cities ; and f am as firmly convinced as of my existence that if we could have for a few years that experience of all the advantages which an abolition of mport duties into this kingdom would give us, it would be as impossible to r 'place the Custom-houses as a sub stitute for the collector of direct taxes, as it would now be to levy octroi dues at the suburbs of our large towns instead of tho direct rates which are collected from house to house for municipal purposes. Of cou'se you will be met by politicians of all parties with the asser tion that your plan is impracticable, which means only that it cannot at present be adopted with advantage by either of the existing political parties ; but I repeat, if you can beat your opponents in the field of abstract argument, you will sooner or later find statesmen who will be proud to eive a legislative triumph to your principles. It is only a question of time. ' Believe me yours faithfully, 'B. Cobden. ' C. E. Macqueen, Esq.' An important movement, to which, for two reasons, we are induced to refer, is now ad vancing with rapid strides in the mother country. We call attention to it, first, because the subject is in itself, highly interesting ; and also because we are not sure whether some movement of the kind might not be initiated with advantage in Adelaide. We allude to the establishments of Working Mens' Clubs, which are now spreading with marvellous rapidity all over the kingdom. It is quite certain that the originators of this new movement have struck a chord to which the hearts of working-men in all their grades and classes beat responsively, as otherwise it would be impossible to account for the extraordinary contagiousness — if we may so express ourselves — of the idea. In London, in the provincial centres of manufacturing industry — in suburban townships, in market towns all over the country, the movement is gaining ground and will soon 'be thoroughly national. Whilst the working classes have adopted it in a manner that shows how independent it is of ex ternal patronage, the maifest advantages likely to ensue have drawn to its support multitudes of benevolent persons in the middle and upper classes who regard it as a highly promising agency for elevating the working classes in the scale of society, and of conducing largely to their own and to the general welfare. It has long been felt, and for years past acknowledged, that the ' Mechanics' Institute ' movement was a failure, so far as relates to its effect upon the particular classes originally intended to be benefitted. De signed for the intellectural culture of working men, these institutions failed to meet the wants and to suit the circumstances of the class for which they were originated. Mechanics' Insti tutes were, indeed, frequented ; and undoubtedly they effected much good. But they were not frequented by mechanics and workmen, and the most striking proof of this is that in numerous instances the title ' Me chanics' Institute' was felt to be so little descriptive of the true character of the institu tion, that it was changed for ' Literary In stitute,' ' Literary and Scientific Institute,' 'Athenaeum,' or some other similar designation, more in harmony with its Teal character, but too plainly showing that what was intended for working men .had resolved itself into something else. The working mens' clubs are being established to accomplish what it was hoped Mechanics' Institutes would have done — namely, draw the labouring-classes from haunts of revelry and dissipation to more healthful and useful engagements. Warned by the illadapted ness of the 'Institute' movement, the 'Club' movement regards the working classes from a real, not an ideal, point of view; and^ produces something on a level with their attainments, and -congenial with their habits, but at the same time associated with only the nobler and better feeling of our common nature. The universal popularity of these Clubs prove that they are what the working-classes wanted ; and the good points which, according to testimony on all sides, — they are already pro ducing, are sufficient proofs that those wants are healthy and natural ones, and deserving to be gratified. The difference between the Working Mens' Clubs and Mechanics' Institutes is thus set forth by a writer who has aided both : — ' The plan of of Working Men's Clubs is much simpler than that of Mechanics' Institutes, and therefore more likely to be successful. When an artisan of good intelligence, but of imperfect educa tion, brings his exhausting day's work to a conclusion, he requires some place to go to where he can supply the wants of nature, find warmth, light, and cheerful society, and be enabled to procure some form of intellectual entertainment which, while not too severely tasking his mind, shall satisfy his craving for new ideas, and at once pleasureably and innocently en large the sphere of his thoughts. An ambi tious attempt to instruct him — a systematic forcing him into school, seizing him by the button and cramming him with literature and science — is pretty certain to daunt his enthusiasm for something better than the pothouse, and to drive him back to the ribald concert, seasoned with ad libitum supplies of beer and spirits. He wants, above all things, rest and amusement, and may be thus insensibly led on to a desire for in formation on many topics.' We have before stated that the Working Men's Clubs are less exclusive, less dry and formal, less severely intellectual than Mechanics Iutitutes. Combining the general advantages of literary associations for the benefit of those who are studiously inclined, they also offer the means of innocent recreation and amusement to those who are not studiously inclined — and so comprehending working men in all their grades and conditions of mental culture and mental capability. We have also pointed out that, as far as is compatible with the maintenance of certain necessary rules for order and good management, theworking men who composed these clubs enjoy the full power of self- government. No doubt this greatly contributes to their popularity ; for every member feels that he is at home, and that he and his fellow-members are masters of the institution ; whereas, under the regime of Mechanics' Institutes, they felt that they were under perpetual tutelage, and had little more to do with the rules than obey them. As self-government is the rule in the Working Men's Clubs, it is natural to expect that in different localities the regulations would con siderably differ. And such is the case. In some clubs, smoking is strictly prohibited ; in others, a smoking-room is considered essential ; in some, refreshment may be obtained, in others not ; but the best clubs are those where there is a coffee and smoking-room, libraries, and reading-rooms, ,'and rooms for chess, draughts, and bagatelle, are very general. Class and committee rooms are common ; and here -and there a large club will have its lec ture and concert room. To some skittle grounds are attached, and others have cricket grounds ; the latter, as may be imagined, being generally associated with clubs in country town ships. Some of the clubs have perfectly free admission, and depend upon the sale of refresh ments, &c;, for means to meet expenses ; but by far the greatest number of clubs, and nearly all the best of them, make a fixed charge for mem bership varying from 1d. per week to 1s. a month. Some of these clubs are aided by private donations, but the most flourishing are those which are perfectly self-supporting ; and it is pleasant to notice that in comparatively few instances will the working men con sent to receive charitable aid. Some of the clubs have microscopes, telescopes, and various instruments for scientific research and popular amusement. There are discussion classes, wherein are debated all kinds of ques tions, English and Foreign, the rules of orderly discussion being observed in a manner that might be studied with advantage elsewhere. One remarkable feature is the facilities existing for a working man's club-house to be made a really comfortable place of resort at a compara tively trifling cost. As the members consist of operatives, such as bricklayers, carpenters, plasterers, paperhangers, plumbers, and painters, they sometimes make a contribution of labor, and fit up their club-house in really first-rate style, whilst other operatives in like manner assist in furnishing it. By degrees the men acquire an interest in their club which effectually secures their adhesion to it, and the more that join the less is the proportionate outlay and the greater are the advantages. We have now said all that we deem necessary by way of informing the working men of Ade laide and other centres of population what is being done by their fellow-workmen at home. The men themselves highly value the movement, as is proved by the thousands and tens of thou sands that are joining it. The general public think well of it, as is evidenced by the influential names that appear as patrons. It has been said that such clubs have a tendency to draw men from their homes, but experience is against this view of the case. Mrs. Bayly, the author of a book entitled 'Ragged homes and how to mend them,' says that the Working Men's Hall at the Kensington Potteries, has not kept the men from their homes, though it has from the gin- palace ; and Miss Cooper, who originated a very prosperous club at Westminster, says 'she has been assured by many of the wives of the members that the institution was a real blessing, as it kept their husbands sober, and that its termination would be a great misfortune.' The report of the special meeting of the City Corporation convened a few days ago to enquire into various matters connected with the muni cipal government of Adelaide, is reported in to day's Town Council proceedings, and will be found well worth reading. It treats chiefly, though not exclusively, of sanitary topics, and recommends -the adoption of various measures which will, if carried into effect, tend greatly to the purification and health of the city. On the subject of surface drainage it is recom mended that instructions be given to the City Surveyor to prepare plans for draining the city, with an estimate of cost, &c.; ; the Government to be requested to aid the Corporation by a loan for the purpose. On the question of scavenging, the report advises that the existing law be put in force, and that a small annual rate be levied for the defrayal of expenses. With reference to the existence of nuisances, increased vigilance is recommended, the Park Lands Ranger to com mence proceedings against all persons deposit ing offensive matter on the Park Lands ; and the Inspector of Nuisances to take steps to pre vent the discharge of breweries, &c;, from flow ing into the water-tables. There are other recom mendations ; and the whole- may be taken as constituting the beginning of a new era, although much more than is here indicated will need to be done before the city is perfectly healthy. The preparation of plans and estimates for the surface drainage works cannot be commenced too promptly, and we are glad to find so much activity characterising the new Council. With respect to the Government loan for surface drainage, it is questionable whether the desired boon will be granted, although in any really effective system of drainage the help of the Government might very reasonablv be looked for. It is proposed to ask the Government to transfer to the city authorities the management of the Waterworks under Clause 73 of the Act of last session. We find that some persons are under the impression that this can only be done on condition of the city taking the debt ; but such is not the case. The clause is as follows : — ' So soon as the sum of two hundred thousand pounds principal money raised for the comple tion of the Waterworks, together with the interest thereon, shall have been paid by means of the rates hereby authorised, the said under taking, and the powers and duties hereby or hereafter conferred and imposed, shall vest in the Municipal authorities for the said city : Pro vided that it shall be lawful for the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, at any time after the construction of the said under taking is completed, to appoint the Municipal authorities as aforesaid to be Commissioners for the purpose of this Act, and such appointment from time to time to revoke.' The question of the river dam also engaged the attention of the Council, who reported upon the subject, but recommended that the work should not be commenced until after a meeting has been held, At the ordinary meeting of the Council on Monday last the report was adopted | without discussion, so that it now only remains for the Council to give effect to its own recom mendations made in Committee. rEVom Friday's Advertises.] On the 27th of August last, in our Summary for England, we drew attention to a delusive prospectus issued in London in the name of the North Arm Company. We stated, in de tail, our reasons for denouncing that prospectus. We proclaimed to London capitalists that it embodied a virtual fraud, that it abounded in misstatements, and that if, after fair warning, they chose to allow themselves to be duped by ; such a production, they deserved all they might suffer. We pointed out that the so- called North Arm Comnanv had no land at the North Arm at all ; we stated that the reference in the prospectus to the Great North and River Murray Railway was a hoax, as no such rail way was in existence ; we declared that the statement that the Legislature was very favor able to the North Arm project was a falsehood ; we gave authentic facts and figures iu refuta tion of the allegations in the prospectus about the perils of Port Adelaide, and the conveniences of the proposed port at the North Arm ; we showed that the ' bars ' stated in the prospectus to be bo fatal to the use of Port Adelaide are both below the site of the proposed port at the North Arm, so that the objection would equally apply to the projected new port as to the old one ; and we printed letters from gentlemen in Adelaide repudiating all connection, with a scheme in which they figured as local promoters and directors. Amongst other letters we published one from the Hon. G. C. Hawker, Speaker of the House of Assembly, who indignantly denied all participa tion in the scheme, which he said he considered 'nothing less than a fraud upon the British public.' On the 22nd of October last some of the comments of the Advertiser appeared in the Daily News; and next day in the same paper appeared a letter from the Hon. A. Scott, of Adelaide, whose name, like Mr. Hawker's, had been placed on the ' Local Board,' and which honor Mr. Scott hastened publicly to decline. On the 23rd the following letter appeared in the Daily News : — 'TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY NEWS. ' Sir — Observing in your journal of to-day an extract from the SouVi Australian advertiser relative to this company, I shall be glad of the opportunity of stating that the assertions made in the extract referred to are entirely contrary to the facts, as can be seen at a glance by any one who has perused the prospectus and map of the company. , 'The attacks of the Advertiser are hardly worth notice, and are estimated at their proper value in all well-informed and impartial quarters ; and if any proof were necessary of the unscrupulous nature of the oppo sition raised to this company in that quarter, it will be amply found in the reports of public meetings, and the letters appearing in the columns of its colonial contem poraries, 'and the communications which have been received here from public bodies and others in the colony, evincing the general feeling there to be in favor of the company, which undoubtedly would not be the case if its objects were not legitimate. — I am, &c;, 'Wm. H. Payne, Secretary. 'Adelaide (North Arm) Port, Railway Extension, and Land Company, 36, Old Broad-street, October 22, 1863.' Now although it is supremely ridiculous, it is. at the same time perfectly consistent with Mr. Payne's hopeless position, to refer the English public to ' the prospectus ' of the Company in order to disprove the Advertiser's charge that that prospectus itself is a tissue of falsehood ! We said, and now repeat, that a more flagrantly mendacious document than the prospectus in aue8tion has rarely been printed. We said, and now repeat, that the prospectus in question is false in terms and fraudulent in effect ; and to rebut our accusation Mr. W. H. Payne says — look at the prospectus ! We have not one shilling's worth of interest in Port Adelaide, as is well known here ; and it is absurd to suppose that we should dislike to see British capital introduced into this colony for useful public works. On the contrary, this, above all things, is the desideratum of the day. But we do not like to see capitalists cheated out of their money, and for this reason, and for no other, we cautioned them against a document of so misleading a character. The prospectus names the following gentle men as the Local Board : — Hon. G. C. Hawker, Hon. Colonel O'Halloran, Hon. A. Scott, Hon. Thos. Reynolds, Hon. John Baker, and Captain Lipson. The first four have publicly denied all connection with the Company, and neither of of the other two have avowed such connection. Mr. Dutton, the South Australian Commissioner at the Great Exhibition, when in London, warned the promoters of this scheme that it would awaken a storm of indignation in this colony as soon as it was known here. That there may be persons having land at the North Arm or in its neighborhood who would like to see the old port abandoned and a new port established near to their own property, is very likely and very natural ; and such persons — ignoring the statements of the prospectus, for which they are not responsible — might even wish prosperity to the projected company. We do not denounce the works ; they may be desirable or otherwise ; but we challenge the prospectus. We simply attack a printed document, which we know to be false, and we are prepared to abide by the conse quences of that statement. Mr. Payne says our remarks are rebutted by the communications received in England from public bodies, &c;, in the colony who are favor able to the scheme. Pity that he did not pub lish some of those communications ! We have certainly never heard of any such communica tions having been transmitted, and we challenge Mr. Payne to produce them. ' It is, no doubt, true that this paper was first to denounce the North Arm prospectus, but we are not alone in our opinion of it. Perhaps Mr. W. H. Payne does' not see the Register, and we may therefore inform him that that journal, in its Summary for August, commences an article with these words : — ' If the prospectus for raising £400,000 to be expended in the forma tion of a new shipping place below Port Ade laide is not intended to deceive, it is so worded as to have that effect with any but very careful readers.' This is the Register s exordium, and the article goes on to refer to 'the ex aggerations and misstatements of the pros pectus ; points out how important it is that a person in England should not be mis led;' and winds up with the following re marks : — ' The whole thing seems to have been started in a haphazard way, and probably no more will be heard of it either here or in England. The prospectus is full of blunders, intentional or unintentional,' &c.; What we call falsehoods the Register calls 'blunders;' what we call deceptive pretences the Register calls 'haphazard ways' — but it is clear that the Register and ourselves do not in reality differ about the prospectus. We call the spade a spade, and our contemporary employs a peri phrastic formula. Hence Mr. Payne's particular wrath with us. However, our object is gained. We have put English capitalists on their guard ; and if —after being forewarned, they choose to invest their money in the Milunga swamp — supposing that they have a fine deep harbor at the North Arm, with a railway to the Murray, &c.; — it will not be our fault. The police returns for the quarter ending September 30, 1863, have just been published. At that date the total strength of the force con sisted of 136 constables, 1 commissioner, 4 inspectors, 1 sergeant-major, 10 sergeants, 8 corporals, 1 saddler, 2 clerks, and 2 female searchers. The number of horses belonging to the police department was 15§. The mounted police composed 96 of all ranks ; the Port and Water Police consisted of 14 of all ranks, the remainder representing the foot police and general staff. The mounted force was dis tributed as follows : — Head Quarters, Adelaide, 2 ; Auburn, 1 ; Blanche Town, 1 ; Clare, 1 ; Echunga, 1 ; Gawler Town, 2 ; Gumeracha 1 ; Kapunda, 2 ; Kooringa, 2 ; Morphett Vale, 1 ; Moohta 1 ; Mount Barker, 2 ; Mount Remark able, 3 ; Mount Serle, 4 ; Nairne 1 ; Overland Corner, 2 ; Port Elliot 2 ; Port Augusta, 2 ; Strathalbyn, 2 ; Tanunda, 1 ; Woodside, 1 ; Wellington, 2 ; Willunga, 2 ; Wallaroo, 2 Yankalilla, 2; Penola, 3; Guichen Bay, 2; Lacepede Bay, 1 ; MacDonnell Bay, 2 ; Mosquito Plains, 1 ; Mount Gambier, 3 ; Scott's Wool Shed, 2; Hjad Quarters, Port Lincoln, 2 ; Franklin Harbor, 2 ; Fowler's Bay, 2 ; Mount Wedge, 2; Streaky Bay, 2; Three Lakes 1; Venus Bay, 1 ,- on special duty — Northern Ex pedition, 1. The return of felonies for the same quarter includes exactly 100 cases, in 45 of which there was no clue sufficient to lead to an apprehen sion. With reference to the other 55 cases, 64 persons were apprehended, of whom 19 were discharged upon examination, 9 were summarily convicted, and the remainder committed for trial. The total number of persons apprehended by the police for all offences during the quarter was 506, of whom 430 were males and 76 females. Of these, 60 males and 12 females were dis charged on examination, 348 males and 53 females were summarily convicted, and 21 males and 11 females were committed for trial. The classification of offences and offenders is as fol lows : — Assaults, common, 36 ; ditto, felonious, 3 ; assaulting police, 14 ; attempting to cause abortion, 1 ; threatening to spear, 2 ; ditto, com mit suicide, 1 ; murder, 1 ; cattle- stealing, 2 ; dog-stealing, 3 ; forgery, 2 ; horse-stealing, 2 ; highway robbery, 1 ; larceny, 35 ; ditto, by natives, 5 ; receiving stolen goods, 5 ; sheep stealing, I ; unlawful possession, 5 ; wilful damage, 2 ; contempt of Court, 4 ; defrauding owners of vessel of passage-money, 1 ; deserting family, 13 ; deserting service, 8 ; ditto, ship, 22 ; ditto, Her Majesty's service, 1 ; disorderly be havionr, 24 ; ditto, prostitutes, 1 ; driving on footpath, 1 ; drunkenness, 246 ; furious driving, 3 ; illicit distillation, 1 ; lunatics, 16 ; Masters' and Servants' Act, breach of, 2; obstructing police, 3 ; obscene language, 9 ; perjury, 1 ; rogues and vagabonds, 10 ; removing timber from Crown Lands, 1 ; refusing to appear to a summons, 2 ; seamen refusing duty, 8 ; selling spirits without a licence, 4 ; threatening lan guage, 5. __________^^__ A new Volunteer Act was passed in the last session of the Imperial Parliament, and we now find that new regulations based upon that Act have been issued from the War Office. We only hope that the regulations in question will be interpreted in a liberal spirit, for if they are not, the force will be inevitably broken up, as no body of men such as that which constitutes the volunteer force of Great Britain can or will sub mit to the literal and severe enforcement of a harsh code of military rules. The new Act contains a definition of a volun teer, and a curious definition it is. A volunteer is defined to be ' a non-commissioned officer or private belonging to a volunteer corps, exclusive of the permanent staff thereof.' It hence fol lows that a volunteer, on obtaining a commission, ceases to be a volunteer, although he is declared eligible to take the volunteer headmoney on proving himself 'efficient.' The oath to be taken by volunteers has been altered, and now reads thus : — ' I, A. B., do sincercely promise and swear that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and that I will faithfully serve Her Majesty in Great Britain for the defence of the same against all her enemies and opposers whatsoever, according to the conditions of my service.'' The great aim of the new Act, and the prin cipal drift of the new regulations, are to obtain ' efficiency.' No one is considered ' efficient' who does not obtain a certificate of efficiency, and no certifiate will be granted unless the following conditions are complied with : — For a recruit 18 months' service is required, and he must attend 30 squad company, or battalion drills, or instruction in musketry. In others 12 months and nine drills, of which six are battalion and three company drills. The ' efficient ' volunteer is to possess a competent knowledge of squad and company drill, indu ing the manual and platoon exercises and skirmishing company as laid down in the field exercises of infantry, and a competent knowledge of the preliminary musketry drill laid down in the musketry regulations for the army. These acquirements entitle him to the capitation grant of £1, but in order to entitle the 'efficient 'volunteer to the extra 10s., he must obtain a further certificate ' that he has fired in the course of the preceeding 12 months 20 rounds in the first, 20 rounds in the second, and 20 rounds in the third period, in accordance with the musketry regulations of the army, and that he, in one of the three periods, has passed into the second class.' Much dissatisfaction has already been ex pressed with the new regulations which, it is believed, will operate injuriously. But the drill regulations are by no means the most objection able part of the new code. The enormous powers conferred upon the inspecting officers are loudly complained of. If at an annual in spection the officer reports himself dissatisfied with the company drill the certificates of efficiency mav be withheld from all the members of such corps, notwithstanding some may have honorably earned the distinction ; one result of this being, that the company — which has incurred expenses on the faith of receiving a certain amount of money, will be left in the lurch as re spects funds. It will be understood that the 20s. or 30s. capitation money does not go to the volunteer earning it, but to the general fund of his corps, the ' efficient ' volunteer himself being simply allowed to wear, at his own cost, a ring of silver lace, three-quarters of an inch wide, just above the cuff of the right arm, giving him the appearance (it has been said) of a police man on duty. In the phraseology of the regu lations, a ' recruit ' means a person who has never been certificated as ' efficient ' accordiog to the war office standard, so that a volunteer may be a ' recruit.' for a long time. But whatever objection may be urged against exacting too much military knowledge and pro ficiency for the private volunteer, it is no doubt exceedingly desirable that the commissioned officers of the force should be capable of respect ably and efficiently discharging their duties, and certainly the new regulations are well adapted to effect this object. Section 56 requires every officer 'to possess a competent knowledge of his duties, and to give proper attendance to the drills of his corps,' and officers negligent of their duties will not be allowed to retain their commissions. The new rules are very decided as to the imperativeness of uniformity of clothing in each battalion. There is a good deal about adjutants, who must not, in future be appointed if over 50 years of age. An adjutant is declared to be a purely staff-officer, and is not allowed to hold any regi mental commission. As before remarked, considerable dissatisfac tion has been expressed with regard to some of the new rules ; but no doubt they will be tem perately and judiciously administered, as nothing could be more unreasonable than to attempt to apply to a body of men variously engaged in active business pursuits, rules that might be light enough for regular troops or even for a militia. The preliminary drills which volunteers can alone generally attend to would constitue a good foundation for further training in the event of their being required for active service, and the history of the world is every day showing us more plainly how quickly the rawest recruits develope into good soldiers when the exigencies of war call forth their native courage, and when a nucleus of disciplined troops is at hand as a rallying centre. Those lovers of freedom, whose ideal of Liberty consists ia sacrificing the white race to save the negroes, and whose Apostles of Peace are of the Ward Beecher stamp, will, doubtless, congratulate themselves upon the enthusiastic friendship now evinced for Abraham Lincoln by that mild and merciful potentate, the Czar of Russia. The Russian ships of war have appeared at New York, till quite a squadron has been collected, and great has been the joy of the Yankees. Unable to restrain their delight at this union of ultra despotism and ultra liberalism, the Yankees are already exulting in the anticipated sove reignty of;the seas, when the Russian and American Eagles (birds of a feather) are left at liberty to sally forth in scent of fresh blood, and in search of new plunder. We will not ask the Northern sympathizers how they account for the present extraordinary fraternization between liberty -murdering Russia and liberty -loving America, because if Old Abe had subscribed a solemn league with the King of Dahomey, no doubt there would be some casuists found ready and willing to vindicate it on the most advanced principles of liberty, equa lity, and fraternity. But we would just ask the Yankee abettors whether in their inmost hearts they are not a leetle ashamed of the slaveeman cipating Northerners falling in extasies on the neck of the Russian Emperor, at the very moment when his garments are stained with the blood of thousands of Polish patriots? Oh! had those Polish patriots but been niggers — then would Mr. Ward Beecher's fervid oratory have set Europe in a blaze ! But Poles are only white men, and the Yankee friends of negro emanci pation welcome to New York the representa tives of the most atrocious tyranny written in modern times. Seven Russian ships of war entering the harbor of New York in one day, at the very moment whilst Northern Christians are emanci pating Southern slaves ; at the moment when Tartar hordes at the Czar's command are trampling the life out of unhappy Poland — seven Russian ships of war, entering New York harbor at such a moment, and amidst the most enthusiastic demonstrations of ponular welcome and official ceremony, constitute one of those ' great facts ' that are in themselves histories. There is clearly a good understanding between Washington and St. Petersburg. The Emperor and the President have cemented a new Holy Alliance. There is an entente cordiale between the supposed incompatible sovereigns. They are both engaged in bloody murderous wars. They are both shut off from the sympathies of Europe. They both rush to each other for comfort and counsel. They are both struggling for dominion under the plea of advancing free dom; and nothing could possibly show more plainly the essential identity of Russia and Northern America than the strange demonstra tion that has just taken place. It is not that a fort salutes the flag of a neu tral power ; it is not that foreign ships riding at anchor pay the usual official compliment to a new comer. These are but trifles. The all mportant question relates to the motive, the purpose, the object of this sudden visit of a Russian squadron to New York. No particular mission is pre tended ; and no other object can possibly be contemplated than that which the visit bears on its face. It is a demonstration of sympathy on the part of Russia with the Federal Government of America ; a mark of goodwill and esteem on the part of the benevolent Emperor, now knee deep in the blood of Polish patriots, to his brother in arms and companion in blood, Mr. Abraham Lincoln, emancipator of plantation negroes, whom he would, however, have doomed to slavery for ever if Jefferson Davis had but consented to ' return to the Union.' It is difficult to groan at the Czar as he sends forth his myrmidons to trample national life out of Poland, and to cheer him when his squadrons go forth to vindicate that campaign in New York. It is difficult to admit that the Yankee, in his fulsome flattery of the Russian, is simply inter changing the courtesies commonly passed be tween neutral states. It is difficult to imagine that the word ' rebels' — by which word the Emperor and the President both alike designate the foes whom they are endeavouring to destroy, — we say it is difficult to imagine that that word — rebels — has not been the centre of attraction to the two potentates. Russia lavishes praises upon New York. New York heaps encomiums upon Russia. At the banquet given by the municipality of New York to the Russian officers, the health of the Emperor was drunk with the most unbounded enthusiasm. Admiral Lisovski, in returning thanks, said that the Em peror ' was not only the benefactor of his sub jects, but the friend of mankind. From what he had done — from what he was doing every day ( ! !) he was entitled to be called, as the Roman Emperor was, ? The Delight of Mankind.' ' And this language did not overwhelm with shame the Yankee sympathisers with the great Russian slaughterer ; on the contrary, the more highly-flown were Lisovski's panegyrics, the more tumultuous was New York sympathy! And then came a Yankee Senator, the Hon. H. B. Wright, who stated it to be his belief that there were ' only two really fir3t-class powers in the world — namely, Russia and the United States ; because only those powers could within themselves put down insurrrection, and resist the combination of the world. And nothing was wanted but that bond to make p8r fect the union between the two nations.' Will Northern sympathizers accept their new Muscovite ally ; will they refuse to consecrate the ' union ' that Mr. H. B. Wright deside rates ; or will they assure us that it was only a rowdy mob that was so eager to fraternize with Russia ; and that President Lincoln, whose heart beats so truly for niggers, is equally moved at the sufferings of the Poles? And, finally, will our Northern sympathizers tell us how they like, at the present moment, the idea of the glorification of Russian policy in the City of New York? If Victoria is not made the entrepot of tlie trade of this portion of the world, it will not be the fault of her two nearest neighbors. South Australia has reimposed the ad valorem duties, and New South Wales meditates a similar step. Should this intention be carried out, the Mel bourne merchants will have the field to them selves; competitors on the right hand and on the left striking their colors, and owning to their commercial subjugation. Yte victis ?' What can be more melancholy than such a position t What more infatuated than to bring it about by our own act and deed? As if the central situa tion and natural advantages and resources of Victoria were not enough to render her a formi dable rival, we must actually put fetters upon our limbs, and place all kinds of obstacles and difficulties in our own way ; thus actually court ing inferiority. Like- Uriah Heep, we prefer being ' umble,' and ' umble ' enough we shall have need to be when the full effect of the retrograde policy now temporarily in the ascen dant comes to be fully perceived. But by all means let its full effect operate before we attempt to reverse it. At present it would be unwise to agitate for another change in the tariff. We have not yet Bounded the bottom of our commercial mistake, and probably two or three years longer will need to elapse before more enlightened principles prevail. Bat that the principles of free trade will again prevail, and that the retro grade legislation of the last session will iiare to be annulled, we feel perfectly certain. It takes, however, some time to convince people, espe cially against their will ; but that a sounder commercial policy will eventually obtain, we have no manner of doubt. The people, however, need to be educated by experience, and we shall be quite con tent if the tide of opinion turn by the next general election ; we do not think it will before. Members of Parliament will reconsider the question then. Meanwhile we cannot refrain from congratu lating Victoria. Melbourne will now, in a more exclusive sense than ever, be the emporium of the Australian. Melbourne will be the great commercial giant of this hemisphere, and South Australia and New South Wales will hasten humbly and reverentially to pay tribute. Our traders will go to Melbourne for their supplies, and Adelaide will sink into a fifth-rate outport of her overshadowing sister, if ew South Wales will only be a degree better, and perhaps no better at all. Whilst Biverina clamors for separation, South Australia and New South Wales would do well to pray for annexation, as they could then lie in the sunshine of the glory of Victoria, seeing that their own is totally eclipsed. As we have already stated our opinion to be that the time has not yet come for recon stituting our fiscal system, upon a wiser basis, we shall not waste our type nor our readers' time by at present dwelling upon the subject. We would, however, simply ask whether the system of ad valorem, duties has not had some thing to do with several large commercial failures and embarrassments which of late rather painfully obtruded themselves upon public notice ? That we have embarked on a downward course is unmistakeable, and none know it better than do the present Government — or at all events a portion of that Government. What does the Chief Secretary think of the work ing of that system which he last year pre dicted would be ruinouB to the best interests of this colony ? Does he see his predictions receiving their ftilfilnient ; does he stand at- the helm of affairs as the captain of a sinking ship, preferring going down with his vessel rather than abandon it ; or was he altogether mistaken when lie raised Tiia warning voice against the system he is now engaged in administering ? He was not mistaken ; but fiscal blunders require time for their foil development. More bankruptcies, fewer ships, increased prices, and general com mercial depression will, however, in the end satisfy both South Australia and TSew South Wales that by adopting the ad valorem duties whilst Melbourne is comparatively a free port, they are playing into the hands of that already overgrown city, and are foolishly sacrificing their own best interests. Strong expressions of opinion have recently been enunciated on the subject of ' local' versus Imperial memorials. Those who prefer estab lishing local to joining in raising Imperial monu ments, do so on various grounds. They consider that so far as the memorial of a great man carries with it the inspiration of his example, we cannot afford to lose, and are not called upon to sacrifice that impulse to good. They consider that the incentive to emulate noble deeds should be preserved amongst those who contribute to perpetuate their remembrance, and that if we so far admire and venerate an illustrious character as to raise a monumental token of esteem, we ought to place it in our own midst, and not at a distance. Or, re garding the question as simply one of art, it is urged that we cannot afford and are not re quired to contribute of our poverty for the adornment of the great metropolis of Britain. Whether, therefore, a monument be regarded as a work of art, as a mark of esteem, or as an in centive to emulation, it is contended that what is done should be done in our midst. And we have no doubt that this sentiment, which has been very unobtrusively put forth, is, notwith standing, deeply enough rooted in the public mind to determine the particular course of action which, as a role, will henceforward be pursued. It is a somewhat remarkable coincidence that the very day on which the bazaar for the Stow Memorial Church opened, the public received information of the strenuous efforts making in England by the Rev. Thomas Binney in fur therance of the same object. Mr. Binney rightly estimates the character of the late Bev. T. Q. Stow. He looked upon him as a Christian and a South Australian, and knew little of minor distinctions and secondary relations. From this point of view Mr. Binney regards the lamented deceased ; and so regarding him, decides that he is a man to be kept in remembrance. But in what shape or form shall memory record its homage? A ' Memorial Church ' occurred to Mr. Binney as the most fitting monument ; and so it happens that whilst the friends of the deeeased in Ade laide are exerting themselves in furtherance of that object, those in England who, though less benefitted by his labours, are equally moved by his excellence, are co-operating in the same work. Thomas Quinton Stow was essentially a citizen of South Australia. One of the earliest settlers, he knew what it was to labor with his own hands, and to toil on year after year amidst many discouragements, hoping for better days. He participated in all the hardships incident to the early history of the province, and dedicated his beBt energies to the welfare of the land which he was proud to call his home. Few movements of any magnitude occurred with which his name was not prominently identified ; and although he lived to see, in some measure, the fruit of his labors, the bulk of the harvest yet remains to be gathered. It is now proposed to erect a ' Memorial Church' in grateful recognition of the many years of arduous toil and patient self-sacrifice so conspicuously manifested in the career W the deceased. And no doubt the work will be car ried out to a successful issue. The friends and admirers of Mr. Stow, and the lovers of conse crated art, will all alike have a field for the exer cise of their liberality. Barely does it fall to the lot of one man to write his name so in delibly in the history of a young com munity as Mr. Sfcow's name is ?written. It falls to the lot of very few to assist as it were in in laying the foundation-stone of a nation's greatness, and to watch and work for nearly a quarter of a century in furthering its development. But this honor pertained to Thomas Quinton Stow, and it was acknowledged by the unprecedented crowds that thronged the streets of Adelaide when his body was buried. Denominationalism was then put out of sight ; all sects and parties feeling that they had lost a friend ; and all uniting to show respect to the memory of the deceased. That respect, though sincere, was, however, in one sense evanescent. It could not be handed down to posterity ; yet all felt that the name of Stow deserved a permanent memorial. The present movement will enable those who think and feel, to give effect to their desires ; and we are certain we shall not be ac cused of exaggerating the importance of an effort which, by a happy coincidence, now engages public sympathy in both hemispheres. A leading article in the Times file by the September mail — in discussing what would be the effect of the predicted depreciation of gold, had these remarkable words — ' Were an earth quake to happen it would not more convulse society.' By the October mail we receive a number of the same journal, one of its leading articles commencing thus : — ' We have had an earthquake.' The coincidence is curious enough ; although the writer of the article in September little dreamed that in putting as a suppositions case what he considered the unlikeliest thing that could possibly happen in Britain, his imaginings would, within one short month, re ceive a literal accomplishment. Fortunately, however, the earthquake de stroyed neither life nor property, although the alarm which the visitation occasioned was very great. People everywhere felt as if they had had a narrow escape from some sudden and awful calamity. The first impulse, when the shock and the surprise were over, was that of gratitude ; but afterwards a new and undefinable sense of insecurity took hold of the public mind. Earthquakes in Portugal, or Italy, or Manilla, were events to be expected, but people in England were as little in fear of earthquakes as they were of a sudden peopling of their forests with lions and tigers, or their rivers with crocodiles. The terrible visitant therefore came upon the community all unexpectedly and un dreamed of, and thankgivings for escape from mminent death soon merged into a feeling of painful insecurity never before experienced in England. And as a matter of course the alarm was heightened by the vast area affected by the strange convulsion of nature ; giving occasion to fear that if fatality should ever occur it would not be restricted to any particular town or city, but might involve in common disaster the half or the whole of the island. Happily, how ever, panics are of short duration, and so it was with this. . Of course the newspapers from John O 'Groat's to Land's Ends were filled with 'earthquake reading,' but we must limit our review to the Times, which journal, on the 8th and 9th of October, presented an appearance un paralleled so far as our recollection of it goes. Neither Federals nor Con federates, neither Garibaldi nor the Poles, neither the Lancashire cotton famine, nor the Great Exhibition, ever called forth at one and the same time a tithe of the letters which from every point of the compass (like the earth quake in this respect) poured in upon the be wildered Editor. Column after column of brief pithy notes appear in curious succession, pre cluding all idea of collusion, and the substantial :dentity of their contents precluding all idea of mistake. There had indeed been an earthquake, and true to the habits of all who have a complaint or a grievance, the British public- east, west, north and south — ' wrote to the Times.' The Times had a leader on the subject on the 8th, and another on the 9th; but the great journal could evidently make nothing of it. One para graph is historical, a second is humorous, a third is scientific, a fourth is solemn and pious, a fifth is prophetical; and the whole but too plainly reveal the perturbation of the editorial mind* Whether there was much physical disturbance in Printing -House Square we are not told, but the following ' earthquakings ' from the two leaders referred to will illustrate the intellectual confusion into which the editorial department was thrown. JEere is a specimen of the Geological : — ' there rung under as a huge crack in the earth's crust — who knows how deep or hoar wide? A few flimsy depositary strata have fallen in and joined the edges of the abyss, and here and there the masses below have been thrust out bv the closer packing of the earth's contents, and who knows what enormous voids, what hugre quantities of imprisoned gag, what seas of molten metal, there may be only a tew miles below this fair surface.' The following is Humorous : — 'To the ordinary British householder one idea, and one only, presented itself, that of housebreakers armed with crowbars. It is needless to say that all the women were of that opinion, and by a fiaure of speech by no means uncom mon with husbands, an apprehension shared by both is complacently ascribed to feminine weakness. No man crossing the Channel with his family was ever known to confess to sea- sickness; the formula 'the ladies suffered a good deal ' being generally found ade quate for the purpose. On the same principle 'my wife' figures as a chief actor in many of these stories and invariably refers the portent to the human agency of thieves. 'A. married lady was se much terrifie1! by the shock that she laboured under the impression that a number of burglars had entered the nous ?.' Such would prohablv have been the simple verdict returned by a jury of British matrons in every town visited by the earthquake, and we suspect there were very few dissentient voices among their partners. One curtain dialogue is, indeed, reported which deserves quotation, if only to exemplify the way in. which a man may extol his own pluck an-i readiness under cover of a compliment to bis wife ? My wife was awakened by the first noise, bnt she did not speak at all till the bouse and bed were shaken. She then cried out to me, ' My dear, what is it?' I replied, 'I really cannot imagine what it is, unless it bean earthquake.' The physical effect upon my wife (who is really the last person in the world to be alarmed at any thing-) was that of a violent palpitation of the heart, and upon myself that of quickening the circuUtion and in creasing perceptibly and pleasantly the heat of the system.' That gentleman's heart was plainly in the right place, wherever his wife's might have been ' Here are a few Solemn Reflections : — ' Were an igneous vein that had remained for ages in a state of increasing' tension to cool at last so as to crack, and gape by a few inches, that would probably be sufficient to make all the disturbance on the surface which England has just experienced- A sudden explosion, a fall, a shifting of materials that had never settled completely since the egin ning, would do the same. It would, however, be idle to allay the terrors of tbe nervous by the plea that the most tremendous agitation may be produced by a very slight cause. That consideration goes to show that a hundred cities may in a moment become tbe graves of their in habitants from some little terrestrial incident, quite infinitesimal compared with this vast and beautiful sphere that we live in. We will leave to our readers the moral reflections which so fearful an event is certainly calculated to suggest. There are means utterly beyond our ken and oar computation, far below our feet, by -which cities may be subverted, populations sud denly cut off, and empires ruined. This is a thought which in its personal application, is familiar enough. Perhaps it is not so familiar in its larger and its national bearing. We see,afarofl;a great Empire, that had threatened to predo minate ever all mankind, (suddenly {broken up by moral agencies, and shattered into no one ;knows how many frag ments. We are safe from that fate, 'at least so we deem ourselves, for never were we so united. But there are other weapons of destruction in the arsenal of the Omni potent. Who can Bay what strange trial of shaking-, or up heaving, sinking, dividing, or drying-up may await us ? We know by soience these isles have gone through many a strange metamorphosis, and science cannot assure us that there are none more to coma' The next is Historical : — ' There are chroniclers who count up, we read, 255 earth quakes, of which 139 were in Scotland, ana tbe reat in Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Wales, and the South Coast of this island. There was a violent one in Perthshire in 1839. Some twenty years earlier, on a Sunday morning, the con gregations in our Midland Counties were shaken in their pews and saw the plaster fall. On February 8, 1750 London was seriously terrified. It felt a worse shock on the 8th of the following month, and became so nervous that when a fanatic foretold its destruction on the 8th of April the inha bitants took to the fields till the supposed day of vengeance was over. These isles showed a very near connection with Portugal when its capital and a good many other cities were half destroyed, five years after the abovemen tioned panic A vast wave rolled into Kineale, and even Loch Lomond rose two or three feet' This is Theological and Ethnological : — ' But If a small earthquake, even an imperceptible one, why not an earthquake to destroy a metropolis? But. for all this, it does so happen that these isles may be considered exempt from the visitation. The earth-wave has been faint, and only a feeble echo of some distant shock. So we found a. law on the fact, and conclude that earthquakes arc meant for other countries. They are intended to warn and punish the wild and fiery populations of semi-tropical cities ; they speak to the superstitious generations that demand a sign and will only be taught by portents; they are the thundenngs and quakings of Sinat When cities abandon themselves to revelry, and are driven bv terror stricken conscience to the altar, then, while the lights are burning, a cloud of incense is rising, and every knee is bended, the walla totter and gape, and down falls the pon derous vault upon a thousand sinners. Here, in these cooler climes, with more reasonable temperaments, and under a purer faith, it is hoped that we do not need this awful lan guage. The Almighty footfall is soft here,evenin the earth quake and the storm.' The following is Philosophical : — ' When people are suddenly confronted with something entirely strange to them, their conduct generally betrays Uirir real character. That sort of presence of mind which Napoleon once called the * two-o'clock in-the-raornin; courage,' and which enabled Pabricius to face the elephant without moving a muscle, is extremely rare in common life. To be woke out of sleep in the middle of the night, ana called upon for prompt action, just when the vital forces are at their lowest and a certain languor depresses the system, is a very severe test of decision and energy, and ninety -nine persons out of a hundred would cut but a poor figure in such a p'edicament To qualify sailors for emergencies of this kind it is customary on board ship to raise false alarms of fire from time to time, and to pipe all hands on deck at a moment's notice. Similar experiments cannot be tried on the nerves of a whole nation, but the extraordinary event which roused thousands aB over England at half-past 3 o'clock on Tuesday morning could not have been contrived better if it had been meant to answer this very end.' Here we have an Allegory ? 'This earthquake has moved the whole island. Britannia's fabled rock has been shaken from its basis Be it only an inch or two, the ocean throne has been tilted np We may feel the terror of the -purple tyrants' who pray as they crouch before the Divinity of Fortune, ne pede. proruat Then we have a popular resume and comfort ing conclusion : — 'Thelgood people thus disturbed and jolted about be thought themselves of thieves, colliery explosions, railway accidents, electrical discharges— anything rather than a miracle wrought for th-ir own edification or destruction, lake Sancho Panza after being tossed in a blanket, they at once took a prosaic view of their misfortune, and disdained to believe that enchantment had anything to do with it It VM.ft ftroorite dpctrineoi Mr. .Buckle that earthquakes predispose the mind to superstition, and that those countries in wnich these appalling catastrophes are common are liable to be pnestridden.' It would be a pity to weaken the effect of these extracts by further remarks. We will only add that the earthquake seems to have jumbled the ideas of the Times into what prin ters call ' pye,' but it is very interesting to read, notwithstanding. Some of the London papers, under cover of rejoicing in the Queen's reappearance in public, have seized upon the opportunity of reminding Her Majesty that the sorrows of the palace ought not for ever to obliterate the responsibili ties of the Crown. Her Majesty is congratu lated upon her restoration to society, and is gently admonished that now ' the ice is broken' her subjects will expect her to mingle in society as before that mournful event which has led to her long seclusion. These significant hints are couched in varied terms, but whatever their different guise they all amount to the same thing — namely, that grief has its limits ; that public oJficers have their duties ; and that the Queen ought not so to cherish melancholy senti ments as to withdraw herself from communication with a sympathising and loving people. Such, divested of it3 conventional forms of expression, is the substance of the advice tendered to the Qaeen on the occasion of her recent public re appearance. It is now a long time since Prince Albert died — a long time, measured by the events that have occurred in the interval — a long time, mea sured by the painful continuance of the Queen's sorrow. That sorrow is, indeed, sacred, and in one respect it endears Her Majesty more than ever to the British nation. But to be absorbed in one emotion is to be unfitted for the varying duties of life ; and it is therefore not surprising that hints — albeit of the most delicate kind — are beginning to be dropped on the subject. The Prince's children are, one by one, assuming im portant positions in the nations of the world, but the Queen— yet in mid-life, and still, as ever, the object of her people's deepest regard, —appears to have abandoned herself to the one idea of ineradicable grief. In times so momen tous as those in which we live, such a circum stance cannot be otherwise than disastrous ; it has long been felt so ; and now that the idea can be expressed in connection with gratulation and not murmuring, the press of England seems only too thankful to find vent for its feelings. But we doubt whether these affectionate re monstrances will produce the effect intended. The Queen's speech at Aberdeen, which is re ferred to as her second inauguration into public ife, is in reality more like a final farewell to it. Not that we suppose it was intended to convey that idea ; but it certainly evinces a state of mind quite the opposite of that which could promise a return to social and public duties ' as formerly.' If it was the speech of a Queen, it was still more the speech of a widow. From first to last it was mournfully desponding. Ap preciating the kindness of the people of Aber deen, the Queen said she could not remain absent wnen an opportunity presented itself of pro claiming in. public, the devoted love that filled her heart for him whose loss ' must throw a gloom over all her future life ' These are not official words ; this sentence, though read by Sir George Grey, could not have been written by him ; and in the mournful words above italicised, there is much more to fear than to hope as re gards the future public career of the Queen of England. Weighing these portentous words, we see but lttle reason to expect that the Queen will henceforward mix in society ' as heretofore,' and subordinate her private griefs to her public station. Meanwhile, homilies to Her Majesty are as useless as they are indecorous. It is a happy thing for Britain that constitutional Go vernment moves on with less dependence than of old on the activities of monarchs. Time was when royal troubles were national ruin, and u'hen the absence of the Sovereign was the triumph of treason. But the times have changed. Still, though the government of the country can be carried on, the people deeply deplore the seclusion of the Queen; and though remon strances with Her Majesty are as mistaken as they will be fruitless, the appearance of the Queen once more in public is a fitting occasion for loyal congratulation. The inhuman teeatment to which Poland has, for many long years, been subjected is not only a blot upon the history of Europe, but a mys tery in the records of mankind. The present murderous campaign in that devoted country is but one of a series of brutal atrocities, and we fear it will not be the last. The patriotism of the Polish nation is inextinguishable, except with life; and were all the Poles capable of bearing arms to be massacred, the struggle for freedom would only be postponed until their sons were of age to take the field. Each suc cessive carnage roots more deeply in the memo ries of the survivors their -sense of rn'tto* anA unpardonable wrong, and confirms more strongly the determination on some day or other to avenge it. The Poles are quite as ready to die in the cause of freedom as the Russians are to put them to death ; and it therefore seems as if this heroic race were indeed doomed to piece meal extermination. : It is strange that having the sympathies of the most powerful States in Europe those sym pathies should be perfectly useless, yet such is the case. The great European powers have, indeed, remonstrated with Eussia, and the Foreign Minister of England has gone bo far as to declare in public that Eussia, having violated the treaty upon the basis of which Poland way partitioned, has forfeited all claim to that country. Yet though Eussia is thus officialls charged with violation of treaty, and its title to Poland is ignored in consequence, it is with equal distinctness given to un derstand that a war of reckless atrocity in Poland may proceed unchecked. More than this, Earl Eussell says that as England does not intend to support its views by armed intervention, it would not be dignified to hold out empty threats to Eussia. Certainly it is not dignified to indulge in empty threats, but does anyone believe that Eussia would persist in the immolation of Poland if the Great Powers of Europe were to be united in resolution as they are in sentiment, and were to tell the Czar in plain terms — ' This massacre must cease?' Eussia was compelled a few years ago to abandon its designs upon Turkey, and public sympathy is much more strongly in favor of the Poles than it was in favor of the Turks. Besides this, the Poles themselves can offer a vastly greater material resistance than the Turks could, and the Court of Petersburg would therefore be less prepared to defy the resolution of Europe now than it was at the period of the Crimean war. There is something so inexpressibly dreadful in the idea of a gallant and patriotic race being slaughtered in detail by overwhelming hordes of semi-barbarous Tartars, that we cannot wonder at the Poles still clinging to the hope that those great states and communities which are themselves free, and which won their freedom through means of many bloody fields, will eventually lend a helping hand to save from utter ruin a nation now struggling against des potism, as they themselves had formerly done ; and, in spite of Earl EusselFs declaration of non-interference, and Louis Napoleon's hesita tion, there are yet millions of people who do not believe, and cannot believe, that Europe will much longer stand by and see patriotism in Poland construed as treason, and punished with death. No doubt, wars of intervention are serious affairs, and ought not to be lightly undertaken ; but if war is ever lawful, it must be when humanity itself is outraged. There seems to be little doubt that if the German Confederation were to enforce its jurisdiction in nolstem, Jingiana would join Denmark and the Scandinavian States in resisting the aggression. But important to the prestige of Denmark as the Schleswig- Holstein question undoubtedly is, surely the Polish question is not of inferior moment ? The life of the Polish nation is not of less importance than the dignity of the Danish crown. But a united defence of Poland against its oppressors would not lead to war, though it would prevent continued murder. England, France, Italy, Hungary, and a portion, at least, of the great German family would combine against Russia, their power being Buperadded to the whole national strength and fervour of Poland itself. Such a combination would pre clude war, and terminate one of the most murderous crusades reported in modern his tory. Once a teas is published in England a most harrowing document — a record of ruin, and suffering, and death, in forms peculiarly calcu lated to arouse feelings of distress and sorrow. We refer to The Wreck Eegister and Chart] a publication setting forth in detail the casualties that took place in the British Seas during the year of which it treated. The wreck of a noble ship is a sad sight ; yet how many of these wrecks are there in each successive year ! In spite of perfect soundings, in spite of improved knowledge of the laws of storms, in spite of a better code of marine regulations, in spite of better ships, more skilful captains, and more efficient crews, The Wreck Eegister comes out, punctually as the Almanacks — a report, like the roll of the prophet, full of lamentation and woe. One of these painful documents is now before us. The Wreck Eegister and Chart for 1862, so far as the loss of life is concerned, is by no means one of the worst of its kind ; on the contrary, that year may be taken as, on the whole, a favorable one for the mariner. Yet in that one year 1,827 ships were wrecked, and 690 persons were 'swallowed up by the sea.' What an infinity of anguish and despair is summed up m those few words. Six hundred and ninety persons were swaUowed up by the sea. And all this in connection with British commerce; and all this on the coasts and in the seas of the British isles only. Wrecks on foreign coasts, and the loss of ves sels on the high seas, do not enter into the statistics of the ' Wreck Eegister.' That a great number of casualties must take place on the coasts of the British islands, is only what we have to expect. Five thousand miles of coast line, more or less dangerous, frequented by countless vessels day and night, in all weathers, and all the year round, are sufficient to account for a large number of wrecks. The number of vessels clearing inwards and out wards from British ports in 1862 was 268,462, with 1,610,000 men on board ; so that the number of wrecks would only amount to 1 ship in 150 ; the lives lost to only 1 in 2,333. And when the wretched character of a number of the coasting vessels is taken into account, the wonder is that casualties are not even more numerous. Of the 1,827 vessels lost in 1862, we find that 59 were more than 50 years old, 25 more than 60, 14 more than 90, and 1 more than 100 years old . The loss amongst colliers is very great ; but many of the vessels engaged in coasting trade are totally unfit for sea service under any circumstances, and are — in fact — but floating coffins', utterly incapable of weathering a storm should they chance to be overtaken in one. The total loss of life in connection with wrecks in 1862, was, as already stated, 690 ; the average of the last 11 years giving nearly 800 lives lost each year in British waters ; so that for 1862, the record, mournful though it is, is rather light than otherwise. During the last 11 years the number of wrecks — within the limits .embraced in the Wreck Eegister — was 13,657 ; the number of clearances inward and outward being, during that period, 2,745,910 ; the average of wrecks being I in 201. The wrecks and disasters in the British waters in 1S62 are thus classed : — Vessels. Totally wrecked ? 445 Seriously damaged ? 695 Totally lost by collision ? 66 Seriously damaged by collision ... 272 Injured by collision ? 339 Total ? 1,827 The following is an analysis of the tonnage of the lost ships : — Vessel 8 under 50 tons ... ... 341 51 and under 100 ' ? 441 101 ' 300 ' ? 784 301 ' 600 ' .. 186 601 ' 900 ' ? 44 901 ' 1,200 ' ? 20 1,201 and upwards ' ? 11 Total' ? 1,827 The ages of the wrecked vessels were as follows : — Under 3 years ? 122 3 and not exceeding 7 years ? 271 8 '? 10 ' ? 131 11 ' ' 14 ' ? 105 15 ' ' 20 ' ? 216 21 ' « 30 ' ? 266 31 ' « 40 ' ? 125 4,1 ' ' 5o ' ? 59 51 ' ' 60 ' ? 25 61 ' ' 90 ' ... ... 14 91 ' ' 100 ' ? 1 Onknown ? 442 Total ? 1827 It is singular to remark that there are wrecks in calms as well as in storms. It appears that in perfectly calm weather, 23 vessels were wrecked ; in light airs, 28 ; in light breezes, 56 ; in gentle breezes, 43 ; in moderate breezes, 110 ; in fresh breezes, 187 ; in strong breezes, 195 ; in moderate gales, 75 ; in fresh gale3, 170 ; in strong gales, 199 ; in whole gales, 218 ; in storms, 63 ; in hurricanes, 69 ; and in unknown and variable weather, 52. This proves that a vast amount of property is sacrificed and life lost wholly apart from stress of weather It is accounted for by the unseaworthiness of many of the vessels, by the incompetency of many of the captains, and by acts of gross negligence or rashness. Of the 1,827 ships wrecked in 1862, as many as 700 were coaling vessels. It is also worthyof remark, that of the 1,827 ships wrecked, 986 were commanded by captains who did not possess tbe Board of Trade certificate, of whom, however, 266 were foreigners, and beyond the control of the Board ; but the balance were sub ject to its jurisdiction. During the last 11 years, upwards of 9,000 lives have been lost at sea in the immediate vicinity of the British coasts. The Wreck Chart is literally black with the indications of ruin and destruction, the site of every casualty being marked with a black spot. We append two or three extracts from the official report : — Wreck from Collisions. ' It is a lamentable fact, in regard to collisions, that 141 took place in fine and clear weather -, the whole number of collisions during the year being- 38—102 in the day time, and 236 in the night. Last year 11 collisions occurred between steamers, and 190 between sailing vessels, while both were under way; 32 collisions also took place between »ailin-* vessels, one being at anchor and the other under way at the time ; but no collisions occurred between steamers under these circumstances. 46 collisions likewise took place between steamers and sailing vessels, both being under way .- and 6 only when sailing vessels at anchor were run into by steamers S3 collisions also occuired by vessels breaking from their anchors or moorings. We earnestly trust that the admirable regulations which the Boarri of Trade have just published to prevent collisions at sea will materially tend to lessen the number of these fearful disasters.' Life Saved! ?' Amidst the desolating scenes which the Wreck Register and Chart reveal, it is consolatory to know that bv means of lifeboata, the life-preserving- apparatus, ships' own boats and other means, 20,158 lives have been saved from a watery grave during- the past seven years, of which 4,039 were rescued last year. ' The following is a summary of the means used in saving the 4.039 lives from wrecks on the coasts of the United Kingdom during- the past year : — By lifeboats and rocket and mortar apparatus ... 637 By ships, ships' own boats, shore boats, steamers, &c.; ? 3 3g9 By individual exertion ? ' J3 Total ? 4039 'As usual, ships, ships' boats, and smacks have saved more lives in that period than the lifeboats and the rrcket and mortar apparatus. This apparent discrepancy is sus oeptible of easy explanation Wnen a disaster takes place in British waters it frequently happens that either a ship or smack is fortunately at hand to render assistance to the crews of the distressed vessels. Such help is seldom attended with any very great danger (although sometimes it is so). and the men are often brought ashore before any tidings at all have reached a lifeboat station. Bat the great value of the services rendered by the lifeboats can onlv be appre ciated by considering that they are mostly performed on occasions when no other craft could be launched from the shore with safety.' The Life-boats and Their Chews 'One can hardly conceive a more pitiable eight -than a noble ship stranded on a sand-bank during a gale of win.1 w«h her crew in tbe rigging, or firing minute-guns M signals of distress, so that they may obtain help from the shore On observing these signals the crew of the life-boat immediately put off. Indeed we know of no spectacle more sublime, or more calculated to send the blood thrilling tnrongh the veins with admiration and awe than the cool and determined courage and the lively charity that sends these poor and often half-starved fisher- fellows out in the dark night, in the midst of bitter frost and snow, into a tumultuous sea and surf, hungry for their bodies in the very teeth of a very furious wind, with death threatening them on all sides, and nothing but their coolness and skill to rely upon to preserve their own lives, to say nothing of the lives of others— leaving wives and families of little ones at home who may never see them in life again. What stout hearts those must be as, yard by yard, they struggle away from the dim shore, lost in an obscurity of scud, and surf, and snow, thinkiag- of nothing but their duty— the errand of mercy ant cnanty before them— through the raging tempest, winning their way, though seas that to the landsman are fearful to gaze on, even from the safe standing on the heach momentarily threaten to overwhelm them! Out further and further yet into the dark void a speck on the waters. Another Sash of the minute-gun points hut where the vessel is lying aground upon a sboal.the sea making a elf an breach over her, and the scud and spray fly ing sheer over her mastheads, which threaten to go every moment. Stand to it, stout hearts ! a few more minutes of the heavy toil and the boat will be well in to leeward of the wreck, when the most dangerous part of the whole operations will commence; for there is danger of her being stove in momentarily, either by contact with the wreck itself, or with the floating spars which may be hanging loosely around her. The relief of a wreck is no mere chiM's play — it often occupies hours of bard, danger ous, and unremitting toiL It is no mere sudden flash of generosity that is required— no enthusiasm burnt out as soon as kindled ; but that steady, undaunted ' pluck ' which distinguishes frequently the highest as well as the lowest class of Englishmen in time of danger. How important then is the work of the National Lifeboat Institution in providing these messengers of mercy on our coasts, and in encouraging noble deeds of daring in the rescue of our fel low-creatures from an awful death.' The National Lifeboat Institution — a truly noble Society — has now 125 boats under its immediate supervision. Since its formation the Institution has savpd 13,220 lives ; and for the exertions necessary to effect this great amount of good, it has voted 82 gold medals, 733 silver medals, and £17,200 in cash rewards. It has also spent, in lifeboats, carriages, and boat houses, £75,380.— Such are a few of the deeply interesting facts and figures included in the 'Wreck Register ' for 1862. 