He Cormier* SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1803. If it bo au advantage to live in times of extraordinary and world - shaking events, wc aro highly favored. Tho student of history fiuds it difficult to concentrate his attention upon tho de- tails of past ages, now that present occurrences possess such a startling and arresting interest. The foundations of things aro being shaken ; aud somo phi- losophies and sciences are showing them- selves to have boeu falsely so called. Tho political economist finds now and powerful reason to suspect the validity of somo conclusions' heretofore highly respected. Some of his favorite axioms aro likely to fall into disgrace, as, whon subjected to tho harsh and uncompro- mising test of actual experience, they ftro scattered liko chaff beforo the whirlwind. The foremost nations of tho world aro undergoing severe discipline, aud aro learning, amid much suffering, and very reluctantly, some invaluable though pri- mary lessons iu politics, in social philo- sophy, aud?it must bo admitted?iu theology also. Nor aro there few who aro of opinion that theso convulsions aro necessary ;?havo been, in fact, if any- thing, too long delayed. This " nine " teenth century" has been so fulsomely praised that it was easy as woll as plea- sant to supposo that overythihg, both national aud individual, was going on well. Being told so often on high authority that this was au enlightened ago, au ngo of progress, an age of useful inventions, a mechanical age, most people took it for granted?.their vanity thus pointedly appealed to?that wo really woro, so far, tho luckiest of all Adam's posterity. But tho American civil war, producing tho starvation of thousands and thousands of our follow countrymen, has had tho effect of rudely dispelling theso "nine " teenth coutury" dreams, many of which havo vanished liko ghosts at cock-crow. Old and almost obsoleto truths nre coming again into fashion and cordial reception ; iudeed, to many minds, they havo tho charm of actual novelty. It would seem as though our mental and moral atmosphere had lost its vivifying qualities. In tho race for commercial supremacy and gain, man, as a human being, had suffered systematic legislative dishonour,.mid, by tho aid of slatislical arithmetic, was regarded as mordy ono of tho many kinds, and ns a particularly troublesome kind?to bo superseded somo day ? of manufacturing ' machinoiy. Wealth was the god who alono received universal worship, and for bis foul altar no sacrifice, not even conscience, nor honour, nor principle, was too costly. Tho thunderstorm is terrible and destruc- tive, but it leaves behind it a purer air and a seronor sky. Both tho civil wai- hi America and tho inevitably ensuing distress at homo wero distinctly foresocu, which is moro, and much moro, than eau bo said of national calamities generally. Tho hurricane which now rends aud de- vastates was once but a little cloud iu tho horizou, though even then wonder- fully like a mau's hand. Had any ordi- nary precaution boen used all might havo been averted ; but nothing preven- tive was dono?indeed, tho lust of power and thc greed of gain havo beon allowed to complicate and aggravate tho wide- spread misery.. Although ability and influoneo of tho first rank havo been prostituted oven in Kngland, in order that tho vital question now at issuo between tho Northern aud Southern States might bo misunderstood by lookers-on, yet it is now beginning to be hold indisputable that tho oivil war has grown out of slavery aud nothing oise. Tho slaveholders havo steadily combined for tho consolidation and growth of thoir iniquitous privilcgo, and tho result has boen "ono of tho " most striking and alarming episodes in "modern history, furnishing a rcniork "ablo'oxamplc of. what a small body of "men mayeffeot against tho most vital " interests of human sooioty, when, tho " roughly understanding their position " and its requirements, they dovoto thom " selves, resolutely, aud unscrupulously, " to tho accomplishment of thoir ends." A long and evon career of political suc- cess had tho natural effect ol' making tho domands of tho slavo-holders moro im- perious and arrogant, but their very prosperity has destroyed them. In nu hour, unfortunate for thoir. selfish in- terests, but most fortunato for tho wel- fare of lusiukii'd, tho slavo-hohlors by corrupt means obtained from tho highest tribunal of the United States, a decision affirming " the right of a slave-ownor to " carry his slaves with him to any part "of tho Frco States, and hold them " thero, any local law to tho contrary "notwithstanding!" This was felt to bo intolerable injustico and tyranny, and tho withdrawal of accustomed political support to tho Southern causo on the part of a section of tho North, placod tho Squth in tho miuority, and forthwith they gavo tho signal for secession and civil war. Whilo on tho subject, wo may express our long-held opinion that tho commer- cial world has boen, to a considerable extent, misled as to tho importance of tho production of cotton to tho Ameri- cans as a nation. ]f official documents can a fiord ovidenco of value, it is quito possiblo lo beliovo that if not a single halo of cotton was ever again oxporied from America?and wo pray that not an- other halo ol' slave-grown cotton may bc exported?America would by no meaus sustain tin irretrievable oi' irreparable' loss. Tho following talilo will show that long before tlio breaking out of tlio wm* ?eight years ago?tho crop of mai/.o alono was worlli moro than three times tlio value of tho wholo of the cotton crop. Dollars. Indian corn G32,000,O00 bushels 301,200,000 AVhcat 143,000,000 ? 143,000,000 Hay 15,222,000 tons 190,275,000 Animals slaughtered 133,0:0,000 Cotton 1,290,000,000 lbs. 120,000,000 Irish potatoes 97,500,000 bushels 73,12-5,000 Sweet do. -12,085,000 ? 33,068,000 Huftor 3-14,502.000 lbs. ?58,918,400 AVool 58,0(17,000 ? 29,033,500 Oats 101,000,000 bushels 70,810,000 It is thus to bo seen that tlio commer- cial prosperity of America lina a very much wider basis than tho production of cotton, aud that it cannot bo thc interest of an intelligent American to sanction, from fear of the decline of his country's national position, the longer allowance of slavery. A thousand reasons strengthen tho argument for not sheathing the sword until slavery bo utterly and for ever annihilated. Slavery has cast a blight over some of the fairest and most fertile States. Liko tho upas tree, slavery is not only in itself poisonous, but so much so, that nothing moral* or truly desirable can flourish in its vicinity. The tide of European immigration never flowed to wayds the Slave States, where the maxi -mum density of population is only fifteen persons to tho square mile, a state of things under which, progress at a Northern rate isimpossible. In striking contrast to the life aud energy' of tho North, slavery has, in tho South, made popular education impracticable ; roads, canals, and railways to bo losing specula- tions ; in South Carolina, a railway train has been known to travel a hundred miles with a single passenger. Deferring for the present the enquiry into tho history of the literally slavish dependence of tho British cotton 'manu- facturing interest upon America, it is scarcely necessary to express our hearty repudiation of that maudliu and mis- chievous sympathy which would weep over the ruined cotton slave-owner as if ho really woro a broken down gentlemau of birth, education, and refined feeling. AYe do not overlook tho difficulties legal, political, and other, which stood in the way of tho abolition of slavery in tho United Stales; so far from that, we are convinced that tho Senato and Houso of Representatives might have debated for ever without a result half so conclusive or satisfactory as that which will bo brought about by tho war. Tho price to be paid for tho cotton-slave's freedom is immense, no doubt of it; bul, in the long run, it will bo found that it was worth all it cost. Tjietie is a weed growing wild about tho more unfrequented streets of Bris- bano, and upon a number of the vacant allotments, which has often, wo doubt not, beon votod a perfect pest. It grows to the height of four or fivo feet, bas a small leaf, and bears a small yollow flower, and springs up willi marvellous celerity. Tlio owners of cultivated ground look upon it with especial aversion; indeed, it is not a favorite plant with anybody. Mr. Wal Ti:n Hill, the indefatigable director of tlio Botanic Gardens, has, however, dis- covered a property in this plant which will oause it to become of vast importance to us in a commercial point of viow. Tho Sida Return ?for tbat is its botanical appellation?yields a beautifully flue fibre of a silky toxturo and of great strength, aud a sample of it, prepared under vory disadvantageous circum- stances, wns forwarded to tho Interna- tional Exhibition by Mr. Hill. For somo time it appears to have attracted littlo notice, but the attention of several gentlemen interested in tho cultivation of fibre-yielding plants was at length called to it, aud tho Sida has consequently bocomo a plant cf importance Mr. Hill has beon communicated with on the subject by parties who wish to expe- riment on its cultivation in Great Bri- tain, and we now find au advertisement inserted in our columns, ofl'eriug'f 30 pel- ton for three thousand lons, required for immediate shipment to England. Tho only obstacle to the procuring of any quantity of this fibre,?which is \\-aluablo for moro than one species of manufacture?is tho mode of prepara- tion. Tho plant being a perfect weed, tho cultivation will not, of course, pre- sent any difficulty, as it can bo produced to au unlimited exteut ? but it is in tho mode of extracting tho fibre that the chief art lies. Mr. Hill, who has samples" of thc fibro, aud specimens of tho plant on view at tho Museum of tlio Botanic Gardens, will/wo have no doubt, givo all tlie information possible to por sous who may bo wishful of contributing towards tho threo thousand tons'required for shipment. Tho appliances ho em- ployed in preparing tho samplo for tho Great Exhibition must havo been rude and simple enough, but thore are ether matters connected with ila preparation, besides the final process, which a producer ought to know. Be- foro tho local Exhibition was held, Mr. Dowse, tho Secretary to the Commis- sion, communicated with a well known firm nt Manilla, asking to be informed as to tho mothod adoptod thoro lor ex- tracting tho fibre from tho stem of tlie banana. Tho firm courteously replied, giving* all that was required in tho way of information, aud sending u rough draw- ing of tho rude machino employed for bruising tho stem. Whether thc parti- culars thus given would bo valuablo in tho oaso of tho Sida, wo cannot say, but Mr. Dowse will doubtless bo willing to favor enquirers with a perusal of the lotter, and a sight of tho sketch. Tlio discovery of tlio value attaching to this plant, adds another to the long list of valuable commodities whioh Mr. Hill hus proved tho colony to bo capable of producing, and wo certainly ought to i'eel ourselves fortunato in tho possession of so experienced a botanist, and so ardent an enthusiast in tho pursuit of his favorite science Mr. Hill, in his quiet, plodding, persevering way, has done ser- vice to tho colony which tho present generation will not bo able fully to ap- preciate, 