A PICTURE IN THREE PANELS." (From Once a Week.") ' How many years is it, I ask, since I first listened to that music ? And you oome and lean over the back of my chair and call me foolish.. I know you are there,. though I do but look cn into the fire and read from a book whose pages no printing presB hBth touched. Foolish, am I? Well, I am only living over again some bid days, happy and unhappy, which have made you and me what we are. 1 Foolish '. You forget that you have been playing the " Coro reli- gioso,'' and that when I first heard it-well, go your way, and while you are gone, let me think out the story, and paint my picture. . PASET. I. You stood, one . bf a merry party, near the piano; ~ with your hand on the chair of the player, even as it rested on mine but now. I saw you for the first time, and you were singing the ¡ "K Coro: religioso :" I -heard your voioe amongst all others/ distinct and clear. I was to have, taken the Count's part, birt foolish then as I am now, some strange bewilderment seized me, and your Cousin Ernest Haughton stepped, forward with his resolute, musical,: " No, no, non phi,", which I ought to have sung. I sank back abashed, and. looked al you both. His hand touched your shoulder-how dared he? And I saw how handsome he was, how polished ; with gentleman ¡ / written in every line of.his mobile face and' every movement of bis figure. I heard some one say, "well matched," and it was true. You looked well together-a fitting couple. Do you see me there, in the dark shadow of the door, biting my moustache and watching you ? , I was a great, strong, rough fellow compared with Ernest, and I felt it. I was unused to ladies' society ; no mother or sister had taught me gentleresi, or its simulation ; and so, seeing you for tho first time/ and feeling my own awkwardness, jealousy, took possession ot me. I would have had that smoothfaced Ernest out on the hill side with the hounds in full cry; and a mighty fence before him ; then, would -he have beaten me ? " But there., in the drawing-room, he shone and triumphed, while Istood'in the shade watcbirg him.. .. ' ' V" ? There ia the first panel of my picture. You remember it, I know, but it is not written on your brain as it is on mine. Its colour was on the days that followed, and it had set a mark on my life for ever. You know how at first yon thought me shy and awkward, and in your kindness tried to draw out my scanty words on every occasion ; at least I thought so, and I would not be drawn out, I preferred watching you and your cousin, gloomily ; I was in a fever of infatuation, or I should have quitted the house that held you at once, instead of lingering OD, buying dearly my first - knowledge " of the ' great, passions of life. Earnest Haughton would baye made f.iénds with me, but I repulsed him; at times I ; beard bim speak light .words, which shook my first acknowledg- ment of admiration for him, andi believed;from -myheart that he-was not worthy of ybu-f- -Was I?- ?' That question: never occurred to me ; I contented ..myself with seeing, his faults, not thinking of my", ownü, ÎI had a jealous/en, y .ol him, for all that'; I delighted to outdo him in any way ;% often I have startled you by some wild feat 'of daring which! knew Ernest with all hie high spirit,- would never attempt! but be¡bnly laughed- at me. ÜÖrice, t remember,, your fa'cé grew pale at a.momentary danger which I 'had scorned ,to fear, and when 1'saw that, a mad impulse came ¡upon me, , and ,.., J snatched ¡ your. . band ., and ..pressed-, m j Hps upon 1 it. : ' vEveni 'thPn^tErnest onlj turned away to - hide: a jmile.'I^ saw' il though ; I fancied irwäs a smile of triumph, anc the thought drove mo wild. He knew his secu rily, and mocked my weakness. -; I felt, too, thal your manner grew oolder and more distant after that. ,. , ": ' 'Va'"' " One day I came upon you suddenly, amongsl the shrubs; you were looking after the figure o Ernest in the distance, and there was sorrow in your face. . ", ..; " He is going to leave us," you said. " He joins his Bbip to-morrow ; and the separation is a painful one." /.'»:.!»- . ? ?_> I oould not keep .my tone from being bitter; and you looked at ! me with reproachful wonder as you answered : , - "Of course. He is my cousin.'! -' t A ' wild' hope leaped1 up in my heart'then' foi a móméntj ' but it sank' BB quickly. I put il I dówn'with"a~ strong band,~feeling that"it;waE madness.,' l eonid-bear this state .of thingsfva longer." , '._ '" .' '.;.', " '" I shall leave you, too," I said ; "but that will be little loss."' , M M ' You gavo me no answer;_and the ungracious n'psB /. pt., my. r speech . Btruck me.; ? Bul your ' head was turned . .away ; I thought >ou; were still looking ofter Ernest, and I did leave - yon. "' I said no . fur thor goocVbye to yon, but went away silent anti miserable! .determining to put you out of my thoughts for ever: as if Buoh a thing were one's own power. For twelve long months I never saw you . I hunted, and shot, and fished ; I tramped the country, high and low, but I bored about with me always the firBt panel of my picture : and nothing" could drive out from" my dreams tba voice of Ernest withJ bis " Ño, no,' mon piu," which should have been mine. -- ' I have been rambling for some.day s amongst the Scottish hills, when the fine weather changed to rain-incessant, heavy ;and I vjag kept ' prisoner at "' a wretched hm whero there was nothing to do or to see except the fierce splashes which beat against the window and'ran down it in streams, I asked the waiter if it always' rained there, and though his answer waVas;comforting as the re- sponse of a brother waiter to a similar qnefy " Naj no", man, it snaWB-'whiles j" yet 'he''took pity upon my feckJeBè/do-not^rng dondition, and brought in a pile of old. newspapers. I turned them ; over listlessly..;, You know what caught my eye ; the wreck of a vessel-and the names of 1 the lost : Lieutenant' Ernest Haughton amongst them. I looked at the date-it waa six months back. Forgive - mo for it, you who know how my whole heart waa still ?"tinging about you ; could I help the joy that burstfrom my lips?)that; moment? X* did not think of Ernest, of death, or of those who mourned bis loss ; I thought only that you wera free; and that in; the possible" future Which stretched out before my ejes, it might be mina to make up to you for. a paBt sorrow. " ¡ V I started in the pouring rain : what did1! care for that'then? I never slackened my speed till I stood otoo more in the well-known room) and saw you. You .were in mourning too r i looked at it jealously at first; thinking that six months had surely' been sufficient tribute to the memory of a cousin. But my,' head grew, dizzy * as I ' looked at.':y0Uj'.-till ".your exclamátiori, half of pleasure, ' half, of dismay, made me conscioüs'óf thé/figuré I pre- sented. Dabbled,^ mud-stained,-a' great-rough fellow then ; aa. formerly, I stood before you ashamed of myself. ' 1 \- «ifyourdid but" know,'' Istamméred^'how I have longed to see you again; how I have travelled night and day without stopping-" You broke into my speech, to insist that I needed rest and refreshment, and must have it. You did welcome me-how I blessed you for it; By and by you spoke to me of Ernest Haugh, ton, and I took courage to ask one daring question, which nothing but your goodness could have pronounced excusable. . " Tell me one thing," I said. " Were you engaged to Ernest ? The word a slipped from my tongue, as though they had burnt it, and you looked at me calmly and answered " No." Bat then I believed in my secret heart that it .was onlj the word engagement .which had been wanting. I hoped, however, from the calmness ot. your answer, that you were learning to for- get; I must give you time for that. You would have talked on-about Ernest, his friends, and the shock his death had been, but I changed tbe subject, and avoided it studiously. I wanted him to be far away in tho past,'no4, talked of, but forgotten.1 ! I flattered myself that I did not care what he had been to you once, now that it was all over, andi could not-help my jealous nature, nor the mad- ness, which stung me at times when I heard you pronounce his name with-as I fancied-Buch regretful tenderness. I curbed down my impatience for a while with the reflection that I must let you forget him ; and then-rémèmber it-I told my tale. You seemed touched ; I saw your lips tremble, ' but no words came from thom.-Then I went on, I following up my own ideas and acting upon them-. I said I did not care for first'love-which wes false-I wanted you to give me what you could'; in time it would be your whole heart I trusted; and if some passing fanoy had ever bound you to another, let it be forgotten. ; fo that.if .it .was'really .past, I' would never rake up its ashes. You turned to me smilingly, and asked me falteringly: "Was I less exacting than others, that I promised so readily to ba satisfied with » worn-out heart ?" Satisfied ! No ; I warned you of roy jealous nature ; but the music of a hundred joj-bells rang in my ears and stumbled from my tongue as I did sp. Vehement and passionate always, I scarcely think the old fire has died out of me even yet. At that time I might surely, in my security, have spoken of your oousin, and learnt the depth of your sorrow for him, but I would not. The sting whioh his name held even then terrified me, and I avoided all'mention of him. , . You'seemed, too, so.quiet and undisturbed, while the excitement of my new happiness was filling me with exuberant life, that I "could not help at timeB tormenting myself with the reflection that it was neither new nor strange to you¿ as it was to me. I did hot care much then, however; I was too happy, and I trusted to time, Bo that I- might be with you, and-, know that you were my promised wife, I could be satisfied. , And you had always a'welcome for me; were always ready to listen to my eager plans for tne future, and lo sympathise with them. Doy0" remember those - summer evenings? tlox we lingered in the. coppice of Fernwood, and saw the sunlight -on themill-s ream, glancing through the trees, and playing amongst the underwood? How- we eat on grassy knolls end. talked, letting the time slip by-unheeded, till -yoe would suddenly, start up and. say there would oe a. seo ding waiting for you at home? I know about those scoldings, do .r not ?. A grave word o anxiety lest you should have, ti ken cold, or stayed out too long; for I waa not half careful enough ot you; And do'you remember standing wim ma in the shrubbery on the spot "beregnest Haughton had parted from you ; andl a mo- mentary farioy came into my. head that yoti w?ro tbinkiBg of !hiní. But when I looked "ito your quiet,f contenjed face, my, tboughrd.ed before it- could-have-reaobed -my lips.-That waa the (eve ófóütfweddiúg day. - We Were marrup oannot think of that time calmly^'eT£?."°*¿ when-FWolfld.pdt the ^P^WM&SM; pioture; the Vxcit'ëment otthat/new happiness .comes back to bid pie pause. .<.. ? ? ;' ; Idiot, that I was! - Höw came'it that, bym by, dark thtughls began to rÍBe;up, in mygj and lid have a recognised plaoe^hew * looked upon your calra contcnt,uond- tneugu, with a joa'ous pang, that you were nor happy with me; that what you had given me_ was not love, butv the dregs of the warm hear,t whichbaa gone down under the waves with-' Junare Haughton! I don't know how I* cam° ?JS bUt.so'it'was'. With a-;w0nderful «pW«}? g BVRo'rpaeht, .!. raked up all the circumstanoej, throwing over themtthe one colour, which» au. torÍó$*W' 0w° vjal(?P' Andv ^öre' grew up BlrangelooidnesaV betwetm1 us ; ^1'sought: aft solitude1, that % 'might' brood over my thoughXi and if at times you come near and I caught tl look of wondering sorrow in your face, I stifle the pang' it gaye noe with the, countor-thougl that it was'a. sorrow to.which'I could not minie ter. if I woiild'; a sorrow for the dead. , ' ' Wby ;'did you bearwithme so ,long and pi tiently, never Uttering one word of reproach At first, indeed,'you used, to ask why I wa moony and çad, but a cold answer, or a vehemen one' which you did Dot understand; sent yo away silenced, And this mute forbearance onl; strengthened th? idea that I was nothing to you Foolish then, if you like : and yet in that folly was unutterably miserable. Miserable, becaus you were so dear to rae because,your ver; presence.or the touch of: your hand, would sent a thrill through every pulse, and yet i could d< nothing to.make you happy. I could do nothing but indulge bitterly the feeling that our marring) was a mistake, and you did not love me. Wha wonder if day by day you grew mora distant a'nc reserved, and I more gloomy, while the harriet between ns strengthened ? Ours was a strängt honeymoon, waB it not ? F ANEC ir. I was sitting over the fire, moodily, thinking as usual, wondering how long our life was to go on thus. Land how it would end; wandering back again to my wild- days among the Scotch bills, to the pile of. old'^newspapers, and the tidings., that seat me off through the pouring rain in search of your My back was ta the door, but:when I heard.it open gently I knew that you were there. , Yoi came and stood near me on the rug, ¡and,,spoke, with your voice a little roused from , its, usual passionleas calm. For yon Eeo from the very first you bad been so quiet, and my 'vehement nature craved some- thing more demonstrative. -1 heard you then with the old thrill stirring my heart, and I trace 1 unwonted excitement in your tone. «Í A strange thing has happened," you said, ''and I have come to tell you of it." " Well, Ï am listening.". For a moment you hesitated, and then went on. And I saw that you held an open letter in your hand. -My Cousin Ernest was not drowned as we believed. He and four ot the crew were saved ; they have been brought oft - one >>f the lone islands of the Pacific, and are in England, I never moved. - Sitting there with your shadowy presence near me, my wife, I saw in the fire the first panel of my picture, and heard the voice of Ernest break in upon the Nuns' choras. For you the sea. gave back its .dead, and for me. what remained? But I knew that you expected me to siy something, and I spoke, not in congratulation or rejoicing, I was not false enough, for that. " YOB must' give your cousin a welcome, I said. " You will be glad to see him- of course he will come here." You did not 'answer. I would not raise my face though I was conscious that you sought to read it. I could not meet that mournful in- quiring look of yours which was wont to fill me with inexpressible tenderness. ,You turned and went away silently, and left me to my musing. I hardly know what I thought or felt, or wished for. The jealous envy which had been growing up for Ernest dead, changed into disgust and-hatred against Ernest living ; and across it there came a mock- ery of gladness-in your pleasure at seeing him again. I shunned you less at that time than usual; I could not keep from following you with ; my eyes compassionately, thinking how I was ! in the way for ever, and but for me you might be I happy. I You remember the day your cousin came. I ; got up a show of welcome ; though lionised r and feted as the hero.of the wreck had been, he j seemed more intolerable to me than ever. Sut you were) gayer than usual ; at dinner you talked lightly, 'with a make- believe, as I thought, of happiness before him. You were interested in h¡B adventures "and drew him out ; I alone sat silent and stupid. When you left us,'I, holding open the door for you, ventured to look once into your face. Its gaiety was gone, and a wan, dreary exhaustion bad come over it. I put my hand o ver. my ey OB fora moment, feeling that the table -with its glasses and decanters reeled before them. As I sat down your cousin] cried out with a great outburst. " What on earth is amiss with Ellen ? She looks like the ghost of herself." I battled with a quick pain at my heart and made some, trivial answer. I hated the sight of his handsome face at my table. "Ellen used to bear a great deal of persecu- tion from me," he went on, holding up his glass to the light., JCou know...I.,waß, going to be married, before that last trip, and when the affair was put off, I made a sort of scape goat of Nelly, and bored her unmercifully:' One woman doesn't often hear another praised as patiently as she did. - The only time we ever quarrelled was about you, old fellow." " I earned my glass to my lips steadily and put it . down untasted, but I could not trust my voice to speak;' -, -¡... - - ? I'I dare say she has told you all about it. You know you were inclined to be ferocious at times,'and I got a bad habit of calling you Ursa Major, &o.;,. ,You. needn't frown about it. The .; fact was I saw which way the wind blew, and \ couldn't resist the fun of ¡having something to tease;Nelly about in her turn. I had to be very humble before I got forgiven, and I knew then that El'en was done for." ?:">'. '.' Will you help yourself ?" I said, breaking my ! silence suddenly. I should have liked to get up and shake hands with bim, but for the thought that it might be dangerous. ? ? ." No more wine," said Eàrrièst. " Bnt if you have any place big enough to swing a cat in, where one might make a brute of oneself with a mild cigar-" i;? ' ; '" ' ? -.PANEL nr. ./,'"' I don't know to paint if. You were sitting by the' fire in the twilight, and your, head was bent, with one hand shading your' face, and the other holding a book1 which you were not reaiing. Were you thinking then of the days gone by, and wondering at the; dark spirit which had taken : possession of your husband? ", L gbts . and Bhadows fell over your faoe from the fire ; bût ils expression of sadneaB never changed.:' And ^I, knowing what I had been all this time ; thinking of my blundering and folly ; seeing it inu its true light: how could I speak to you? . > :> ????,¿ I fJon't know what I said, but I know that thé first-words of remorse and self-accusation brought your hand to cover my lips gejptly S'arid I ktqw, that I waa happy then1 os I had^neyet; deserved to be: happy afterwards, even in con fessing'my madness, and hearing your tales'; of Earnest's infatuation about some one elsej in watohing the sorrowful look pass.from your face, and its old brightness come back. ' . " But if it waB about ErnoBt that I had been 80 foolish, why did I always atop you when, you Boote ofhimï Îrîsteo'il of letting .von' tell nie «ti"?"^y-^ f^f^ ^ ^i-^^, . - . j ''That/was .one1 of the' questions. I could not answèrï Btit T should'tbihk that your cousin, when he cime in from his mild cigar, must have imagined that dinner was a wonderful improver óf/Ursa Major'stemper. ?" " ; Aro you there ag«n, behind my chair. Well, I have finished the picture and you may look at it. I have had it in my mind's, eye this many a day, and now it is done. There ÍB one com- fortable reflection about it, namely, if it is true that all men are mad once in their lives,'surely my time is over. ' You were too gentle with me ; you should have called me to account instead of bearing all things so patiently. Never mind ! we have learnt each other by heart now. One's i first untried affection may be faulty and vacil- lating, but in spite of Sir Cresswell Cresswell, the holy love of married years does but grow firmer and deeper, and more indispensable es it loses its novelty; What do you say ? 