LOSS OF THE HOPE AND SPORTING LASS AT BAMPTON SHOAL. About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 26th November the master and a portion of the crew of the American whaler Hope, arrived in Brisbane in their boats, and reported the wreck of their vessel on Bampton Shoal, on the 17th October last. The following particulars have been furnished to us by Captain Gifford, the master of the vessel The American whaling ship, Hope, SOO tons register burthen, L. S. Gifford master, belonging to New Bedford, sailed from Sydney, on a two years' cruise, in July last. She was tolerably successful in taking whales up to the 17th October last, on which date she got stranded on Bampton Shoal. The weather at the time was fine, and the disaster was solely owing to an error of' Hourly 40 miles in the position of the shoal, as laid down on Captain Gifford's chart. From the time of the wreck to the 30th October, the ship's company were engaged in securing provisions, stores, and other articles from the ship by means of the boats. These they conveyed to an island near the scene of the disaster. Subsequently, from the 30th October to the 6th November, the crew were employed in repairing the boats, to render them fit for the passage to the Australian coast. The party were ready to leave the island on the 6th November, but during the ten following days, to the 16th, such heavy weather prevailed that it was deemed imprudent to put to sea. At daylight on the morning of the 5th November a brig was seen on the reef about six miles distant from the Island, which was occupied by the master and crew of the Hope. The crew were afterwards seen to abandon the brig, and come towards the Island in the boats, when it was ascertained that the vessel was the Sporting Lass, whaling brig, of Sydney, Bennett, master. Captain Bennett, as our readers will remember, was cast away some few months ago at the same place, in the schooner Prince of Denmark, from the remains of which he constructed a smaller vessel called the Hamlet's Ghost, and in which he made his way to Brisbane. The crew of the Sporting Lass saved nothing from their vessel except what was taken into the boats when leaving her, and she soon afterwards became a total wreck. The two ships' companies remained together on the Island for two days after the second wreck, and on the 17th November the entire crew of the Hope left the shoal in the four boats which belonged to her, and in company with three boats containing the crew of the Sporting Lass. The whole of the seven boats remained in together until the evening of the 19th, when Captain Gifford lost sight of the boats belonging to Captain Bennett, also of one of his own, which was in charge of the third mate. The three now remaining continued their course without further accident, and on the morning of the 24th November, at 3 o'clock, they made Cape Moreton light. They reached Bris- hand about 8 o'clock in the morning, on the 26th, all in good health and spirits. Respecting the vessel herself, we learn that she has been absent from New Bedford about six years on her present voyage. With her cargo on board, us at present lying on the shoal, she is valued at 70,000 dols. Captain Gifford is a heavy loser, and in all probability has lost the earnings of many years toil. The vessel was, so far as we can learn, uninsured. The greater part of the crew which landed here shipped on board of the Rockhampton, Black Ball ship, which sailed on the 1 at li December for Callao. The remainder, with Captain Gilford, left Brisbane for Sydney. The day after the arrival of Captain Gifford and the boats belonging to the Hope, Captain Bennett, with a portion of his crew, arrived in Brisbane in three boats belonging to his vessel, the Sporting Lass, whaling brig. The following account of her wreck at Bumpt Sir Shoal was furnished to us by him The Sporting Lass, whaling brig, of Sydney, Bennett, master, left that port on the 24th August, on a whaling cruise to the South Pacific whaling grounds.. She arrived at the Chesterfield Bank on the 14th day out, and remained there while whales were to be seen. On the 3rd November she left that place for the French Reefs, to the north west of New Caledonia, and during the passage she had light winds from the west, veering round to the south west, south south- west, south, and south-east, and afterwards light and variable winds, principally from the south-south-east. On the 4th November, at 4.30 p.m., she sighted an island bearing about north north-west, about 10 miles from the ship. At 7 p.m., while in the act of tacking, the wind followed, the ship round, when the sheets were hauled aft and she stood on the vessel heading to the north-east and by north, and the isle bearing north-west, about 12 miles distant. At 11.50 p.m., The lookout reported that he saw the bottom, and on sounding seven fathoms of water were found. No reels or breakers were visible. The helm was ordered to be put down and the yards hauled aft, which was done; and the vessel then struck, but so lightly that it was not felt on board, and indeed it was not until the corner knolls ware seen all round the vessel on looking over the side, that it became known that she was on shore. At this time there was a strong current running to the north and west. Both pumps were rigged, and kept going; but as she was milking a great deal of water, the part cable was veered out, and the brig was allowed to drift on to the eastern prong of the reef, as it was feared that she would sink before the provisions, Sse., could be secured. At 1 a.m. the water was over the blubber room, although the men were continually kept at the pumps; and at 2 a.m. the brig gradually settled down on the port side. The whale-boats were then lowered and anchored clear of the vessel. An hour later a dingy was lowered, and got safely alongside the brig, which at this time was getting very uneasy. A few tools and other articles were taken into the boat" and as daylight broke an island was sighted from them as they lay at anchor. They then left the brig and made for the island, and on reaching it, it was found that it was occupied by the crew of the American whaler Hope, of New Bedford, which had been wrecked on the shoal on the 17th October. Captain Bennett and his crew landed on this isle, which was called Gifford's Island, on the 5th November, and camped there until they left for the Australian coast. On the following day three boats were sent to the wreck to procure some boat planks and other necessaries to fit the boats out for the passage for Sydney, whither it was his intention to proceed. Everything was ready for sea on the 12th of November, but as the weather became unsettled, they did not leave Gifford's Island till in a.m. on the 17th of the same month. They then made for Bennett's whaling station, which was reached at 7 p.m. on the same day. On the 19th, Captain Bennett, with a portion of his crew twenty-one men in all, having left seventeen colored man on the island, left the station in three boats, in company with four boats belonging to the Hope, containing the whole of her crew, numbering 22 men. These seven boats remained in company till the evening of the 19th, when those belonging to the Hope were lost sight of, and were not again seen until after they had arrived in Brisbane. Captain Bennett informs us that there is no water naturally on the Island on which he left his seven teen men, but there is a distilling apparatus thereon which is capable of condensing 115 gallons of water in fourteen hours. The bout north Hope, in charge of the third mate, which parted company with the others during a severe gale on the night of the 19th November, was picked up oil' Double Island Point by the steamer Yarra Yarra, on the 26th of the same month. The boat's crew, numbering seven men besides the officer in charge, were treated with every kindness and consideration by Captain Knight, and were conveyed to Sydney. With a view to ascertain the capabilities of the Logan River as a navigable stream, Captain R Towns, accompanied by several other gentlemen took a trip in the steamer Premier to his cotton plantation on that river, some days ago. The steamer, on board of which which were Captain Towns, the hon. A. Macalister, the Surveyor General, and the hon. J. Bramston, besides one or two other gentlemen resident on the Logan, left Towns-' wharf at 8 o'clock on the morning of Thursday, the 12th November, and proceeding through the boat passage at Lytton, reached the month of the Logan at 3 o'clock on the same afternoon. Through the parties on board not being acquainted with the channel, the Premier took the ground on the bar, and was compelled to wait for the next tide to enter the river. She remained inside of the bar til! Friday morning at 8 o'clock, when she again steamed ahead having the floodtide in her favor, and arrived at the landing-place, 35 miles up the stream, at 2 o'clock on that afternoon. Throughout the whole of this distance she only touched the bottom once, said that at a spot near to the crossing-place. Except at that one place the average depth of the river was 10 feet at high water, and in many Sj places, holes giving soundings of from three to five fathoms were found. The average rise of the title is from 0 feet to 6 feet 6 inches, which would give four feet as the least depth of water, under ordinary circumstances, at low tide. A quantity of stores brought down by the steamer for the use of the plantation were landed, and the first fruits of Captain Towns' experiments in cotton cultivation, consisting or three bales of ginned cotton, were taken on board. A large quantity of cotton remained at the plmtntioi), as it was not gunned and packed for removal. The party re-embarked at 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and the return trip was successfully completed at 1 o'clock on Sunday morning. 