THE QUEEN'S MESSENGER IN MEXICO. " Why, Hardy, old boy! ii that you or your ghost ? I thought you wero in Australia »tiU. Glad to see you!" cried a Crank, cheery voice from among the crowd of pMsoogflr* mounting the •limy seaward stops of the Admiralty Pier at Dover. The French packet, very Call and rather late, had j net come in, and wu disgorging its passengers. A number of Jookera-ou had gathered, aa uiual, to scan, the' pale and rueful faces ot the new arrivals, and 1, s visitor at the L>rd Warden Hotel, and much in want of occupation, bad joined the lookers-on. I turned to the left, and was confronted by a bron&ed;, soldierly-looking man in a laced cap and i cloak of foreign cut, and whose left band was encumbered by i very diplomatic-looking despatch-box, while bis right band was extended towards me—a Queen's messenger, evidently. But so long a time had passed since our last meeting, and ao many new faces had come under my notice, tbit my recognition of the stranger was not immediate, causing the latter to exclaim, rather reproach- " Hang it, man, you havo't forgotten DickMusgrave'." Then, indeed, I heartily grasped the proffered band, and warmly declared bow glad I was t j see my old friend again, the Dick Musgravc of early days at Sandhurst, sow captain, unattached, and a Ganymede of tbe Foreijrti Office. " Where are you from now, Dick f" I asked, as we moved along the pier together, followed by a porter carrying my friend's valise and bags. " Vienna. Tiresome work, that travelling bv alow Austrian trains. I came by Prague, and shirked the regular Brealau and Berlin business. How did you like Australia F Any monster aaggeti ?" By this time we were clear of tbe blocks of stone, the concrete, cranes, trucks, cables, and the other stumbling-blocks which the unlinishe 1 pier presents, and were close to the railway terminus, on the one hand, and tbe lofty hotel on the other. « Where to, air r said tbe potter, touching his cap. "The station,'" said Musgrare. " You can put that portmanteau in the cloak room j the bags I must keep. Conuto tbe telegrah- office first. I must send a word or two to London. They'd to j;lad in our shop to know the papers have arrived." • "You haw lost tbe train by half-an hour," ob»Tv«d I, consulting tny watch. " I suppose you won't lake a special f " Dick laughed drily, "No, cos those days we gone. Swell the estimates too much, in these cheese paring times. I *h*U wait for the mail, and •end ward to the sub's private residence that I bave done m." So laying, be dashed into the telegraph office, wrote wlnt ho bad to say, listened to the rapid dick! clu-t! of tbe instrument aa the mesaage was flashed off to town, and then'came back and took mj arm. " PLsiitvoff time, so lets go together to the Lord Warden and dine, and have a good chat over old times." So we did, and it was in the course ot centenatum that ! drew from my friend WOISMTAGTMII). It's «(£ rears, now, ainee they »eat me for the first time to Mexico. At that time, as I darwjy you are aware, our aalaries depended, as to amount, upon the number of oor journeys, and we were nsturallr ranon»tobe»smad»«M^^»ipoM»te. I was then a raw member of the gwli and thought mvself singularly lucky In being selected fer'tbia Mexican trip, eapedally as I bad been hardlv two wan * sneawnger, and hsd been oceBptedui repeat ed _exi»editioas during BM% the whole of <*at " " You speak - Spanish, I Relieve, MjsgrareP" asked the ulider-M- _ , wheri he gate me my instructions ; but "th<s is, if I am not mtsta'sen, your first viet;to AjaerW? I modestly answjred, tbit I spoke little Spanish, which I had piclred up during tbe moiths that tbey kept me huigtng About the Lagation at Sladrid, but Ait 1 liad not yet cri»s«d the AtUa tic. «I need not tell vou that the country is in a iUaturbed st»te. or that j»rdln^requirea caution and forethought," rejoined the eecrefavv, in hw offi«al n»«er j 4ben relaxed into'good naturr, andadded, "yon cre gmes among gNat aeoundreis; don't let ti&Arfite; upon you," an! theiotw viewrnd d. - • Iwasm yonag^ttmttei byiKFean, and much tnore confident of my knowledga of the world than a longer experience has rendered me. I had bom all over Europe aeongiomeofitpmost roguishMce*,and tlM^lT' aemi-iarage pronnces, without, t^ngliarm. In conaoquence, I made (UQuid-bave aoagpered to Pans or Drwden. ^ces bet ween the [ the e*pitsl,M •^fuffin^u jh/r^lhey a^ S f 0 ^ ' often'euji' You ! '"out of the<plumn» of \f uwteaa Pes|^ij»»iaay SomZdan before the dtl^enoa to forth, and when it dH | aSescort of »habby iold»^ of tie disturbod condtUon ^ JMt then tbe eternal »ar toiming through t^ iistlJdMul ^WQwraMI* ® r H pilots and insects, sad who almost cned when he espied eome rare cacti or curious heaths among the rocks and the conductor refused to stop; aotne English and Amen-; cans, ttll engaged in commerce; and a sprinkling of Mexicans, male and female. Beside our lumbering ark on wheels rode the lean Lancers in their threadbare blue jackets, but with an amount of martial swagger that amused me very much. It was a pleasure to see them twist their wiry moustache!, shake their red pennoned spears, ind amble alongside ot us, curvetting, prancing, and Sting a great deal out of their meagre but gallant little horses by the combined effect of a powerful bit and tbe terrible long-rowcUed spur. All this show of exuberant valor and efficiency was designed, as I pretty well guessed, to draw forth a present at parting; but what mettle our protectors would Lave shown, had they been put to the tost, can only be guessed. It so happened,however, that not a brigand came near us during the short journey which the old machine accomplished. We hid cleared the Tiorra Caliente, or •trip of sultry seaboard, and as we ascended the ateo»i>Qu of the temperate region, or Tien* Templada, we congratulated ourselves it having left the yellow fever behind u». Up we went, up the rugjged mountain road, with immense Awning, tugging, and exertion; but our progress was slow, in aptte of the oaths of tbe conductor and postillions, and the continual lashing ot the heavy whips aa tbey fell on the backs of the struggling cattle. We got up the ascent, tediously but successfully, and thought ourselves fortunate. Our confidence proved premature, for to crossing the high table-land near Xalapa, we came upon a piece of road far worse than any we had traversed. Indeed, there had been • fight between some wandering band of guerillas and the government troops, and the road had been torn up to render the transport of artillery difficult. It hadlfeen very imperfectly repaired, and there -were holes of surprising depth, while broken gun-carriages and the wreck of mule-carts encumbered the way. We plunged into one «f these holes, and it is no wonder that the diligence was upset, smashing one of the allot, staving in much of the woodwork, and causing no little pain and inconvenience-to its human freight. It was not a very dreadful accident. No Jives wereloat nor, beyond a sprained thumb, which.injury fell to the lot ofthe German, were any bones broken or dislocated. But many of the company Were severer braised, though the contusions, aa usually happens, were very unequally shared among toe sufferers. Thus, I was scarcely the worse for the shock, while two or three of the party were sad objects, with bleeding and discoloured fea tures. When w7y}<^Hi*ted wiwelw* and the more A-»eble or injured of oar fellow passengers from the shattered diligence, when ttie disaster bad been commented on to a sufficient lengfli, and die whole extent ef it ascertained, a new question arose— " What was to be done f" The effort of rightia* the Tetede SfnS beyond oar united force, and even bad we set the ritttnsr maehifte on its . wheelssgaiu, the dilapidation of "its panels and axle would bate rendered it useless. The harass f»t plnlW^taagdywjtj, lwarM with tfajwr bMda.teqS«d towards the cool bmese that cawe whisper in? ftrJUgh the pine treea. The obnd«K*or ias like ope distracted, In hii gay dress of alashed jacket, morocco W*s, and gsudy yellow sash, he strode up and down, cursing and abusing everybody and everything, fHttttene® «ags to the liberal Faction, as the csuae of the m»ehief, «ad we had to wait until this storm of noseless ea»baJ spent itself, hefore a council could be h«ld. As for the pa^Uioos, wiU, bare-le«ged boys from one of tha mountain hamlets, they mereW grinned and chuckled, and I ^ wwe moif^Jiainel nt onr.vueM than contrail at the catastrophe 1 long time, daring which the ci>ndu tor was absolutely raving against all heiven and earth, be calmed down enough to answer <jue»tions. " Would the csrriag* serve tar tbe rest of the iournev, if repaired f" "lkramVal.«l>o«ai«ell 1 : WeartL fivi good mites, mv malediction upon them, from Xilapa. It is to bad! And after burning gets ttiodwlmDeM ae, wkf T-" i ^ Hush! we've heard eaoUgfc ot you? cussin' for one while, mistergrowled * full American, a teller in one ofthe foreign banking-houses at Vera Out, putting fits broid hihd very uncwemotiioualy across the conductor's open moutli; "jeat keep a w'vil tongue, if you'd keep a whole akin, kna let us know how we're to git on. the critter that in Spanish, wW ye, some onef •• ThU reasonable request mm cororiied with- The Yankee's words were translated to the petulant native, who s«Ue«ily rep}ied that) "hi did not know, , We .were in the coontry; who could tell bow to get mV : ' • " i'" 1 J , Hers th^ CorpetiA of the e*cort tery eppoituneir interfered. ^Wormed m tbata«apita v blaeksm!th, * skOled workman, * Ohrirtiino.'' midj to oap all, Wi that sxrthy mn,a* W«tt fs.% cafpteter, 'MdafmMy«kouty<Mng and ett^M^M^vMei by tharoeperal, and aecompanied-by eight or nine ituiBy yotite MMtnte' lb Wfcibe diligence would nowhave been easy enough, but to mted it x . . . . ^ tb».*rt$aaiu ire t)id tanit re- Thtotbwe was • ^ ' .ve of the toWvethfc m m M passedgm, that ft *s. notMug to • Km^late,; oause, and it was of fifty dollirs should be paid for the repairs, and that one-half of this expenditure should be defrayed by the passengers. The smith and carpenter now bustled off to fetch tools and materials, pledging themselves to work on by torchlight, and to cobble up the vehicle so as to enable it to bear the jolting, at any rate, as far as the city of Puebla, where more regular repairs could be executed. It wis then that I asked the tell American I have mentioned, and who was one of the most sensible men of the party, if he could point out to me any more speedy way of pushing on to the metropolis, even at some little personal risk. I was, indeed, already somewhat behind time with my despatches, and I was afraid that tbe Minister's next missive might censure my tardiness. The Yankee's deep-set eyes twinkled is he eyed me, and then glanced upwards it the &st; declining sun. " You're not far wrong, mister, in reckoning onr pro- gress. We shall go slow—'nation alow. First, those yeller skinned dawdlers won't finish work till after midnight; then we must go on at a walk, I guess, to Puebla. If you're iu a hurry to 't to your Legation, you must jest ride. o two words about it." " Bide!" said I, " with all my heart, but how am I to get a horse? There is no post in Hexico, it least not on the footing established in * Europe, and I very much doubt my being able to procure a mount?' >' ' "In Xalapa town you may,and arter that you'll easy, git another, only they'll fleece you about hire," answered Mr. Brandreth, knocking away the charred tip of his cigar;" moner'U do most everything in Mexico. But hadn't you better think twice about it, sir ?—there'* ugly customers to be met with long before you seethe Prado, and mighty little lead will atop a chap's galloping," But after a little more talk the goodnaturod American came round to my way of thinking, aaving that, after all, there was nearly aa much peril to be incurred in the regular way of voyaging, as in that which I proposed, and that hit he been ten years younger he would have gone with me. He further advised me to find out where the relays tor the diligence were kept, and to make the best bargain I could for a horse, and a mounted guide. He gave me some valuable hints as to the must dangerous parts of the road, and recommended me fa) press on as rapidly as possible, but " always to keep a bit of speed in my nag, in ease of a • *urrv" His last words were shrewd enough, and have often since then appeared to me to be almost prophetically true. " Lwk'ee, Captain M , I're been nine years in this country, and if I can't chatter Spanish, 1 know «thing or two about the Dons ' -Don't yoii trust 'am Tney ain't half si dangerous, in a fight, as when they make believe butter wouldn't melt in their mouths. Don't trust 'em, or, if you do, vou'll have your eyeteeth stole, as sure as my name's Nat BrtndWtb." So we shook hands and parted. I had » walk of &fe; miles before me, but this, in the temperate region of Mexico, was no jpeat hardship-,..And 1 had enlisted the *rrices of in Indian peon to earr/ tbe bags and my own luggage, which was light tain plateau, reasonably fertile, though onlv eMtivated in' part. felt, great fields of baHey and maiee alternated with the dense *ootfc of pi»Iaiid lis* oak* the sirwas cool and agreeable, and I saw more wild flowers, and more pretty glimpses of scenery, than I had *ver before ^iacountered in aa short a apt**. jBat&Umif;, ffoq|h'#e 'wondrously clear bine atmosphere, lay the hot countir about the coast, a sort of white mist, thin as gois»nrtr,h»nging over its dangerous beauty, and the ill very sea glittering beyond. Nearer, were ntJsel rocks of mixed with huge trees, from whose boughs the fantastic grey moss hung like ao much tapestrv- To the west, the sun was going down, fiery red. pud I »aw the scarlet lustre through the ten gr,en shadows of tbe woodland to mr left. All these things, 1 Sim, l «aw and ^ ^ mental notes of them, and admired them afterwards; butjwrt thep ray thoughts were boy with others matters. .You know by ftsrtonal "experienee,^Hare say,-that what evef highfiowa 4*««riptions a traveller may pen tn bis diary, at the actual time h i is apt to be more anxious abont his breakfast, or in tight shoe* and Jitisteied &et;, or some rascal I v imposition on the part of guide or landlord, than wailf itadioas of rosetiate on the mountains and pearl-grep on the lake. And X was Tery hungrr, and very unromantidlly eager for something to eut. Indeed, I am notabsolutely aurethateveu tnr-ntl'fgr ^ speedy iettm? of the Foreign Offiee df Matches would have made me quit the c*r«i& a» 14id, had not that walVn supjAtmenfed by tbe hopes of supper. Well, rajr peon proved vary bad company. He trudged along in the dn«t undeV Bis load; silent and patient as a conrersation. He undetstood &>anish, indeed, but his stotfc of words and af ideaa was painfully liinited, and ! eftuld draw no feeling of Uie oowtry. He «erosd, indeed, to i^ara the Church Party and the LibersU wiSi a kind t)f duM and timerous utd trampled over lne maiM-ulot. Btit he srai quitil tottWeot Vanywrtion rweoting tlieMUieifConfifet, tWftrtuw of 'posed -aad.' industrious, as colour treijA to l»,'andafteralong interwlof silenee he looked ttp smd showed bis l U W t t t e »m(h> as he siid, " Beroafs, tetneea, and church towew, mixed indrtrdeos fenced by gigrotic belaiptoitrable thbrny shrubs . .iifcbetotlushof Westernilght.i I asked leee—for eo tbe Indian, like nearly tttfrflih patient race, had been ohriatened —if bekn^r where the diligence changed horses. " A'o sabe /" replied the man, quite as a matter of course. *• The best inn, then P" " No «a!w /" "Confound your ignorunce," said I, rather unjustly out of numour, " what do you know ?" But it appeared poor Jose, though born and bred within an easy distance of Xalapa, knew litfie about it. He knew the market, whither he sometimes carried vanilla and other vegetable products, medicinal or perfume yielding, gleaned in the forests, and whither his wife more regularly went to sell eggs and fruit. He knew the cafe where the peasants of Indian race drank and smoked in company, and the cafe where the white rancheros met to drink, and game, and gash one another with knives. He also knew the garden where the tertuliaa were held, and twice in his life had entered the church of St. James, the " grandest church !ti the world," and that was all. Jose could give me no' further information. Within half-a-mile of the town stands, or stood, * posada of the better class, more inn than tavern, but still of & very primitive sort, compared with similar houses of entertainment in Europe or tbe States. There was aa immense yard, with a wall of adobe bricks, and some barn-like out-buildings, and the house itself was n queer flatroofed affair, gaudily painted, and having heavr wooden balconies before the small windows, many of which were unglazed. At the gate ofthe yard, one angle of which, by the way, was formed by the inn, much as a bastion juts from a mmpsrt. at the gate of tbe yard stood a stout man, in a fiat white cap and a loose suit of white linen, the regular cook's uniform, smoking a paper cigar. cigar. Directly over his bead hung a withered pine branch, small and unobtrusive enough to warrant the supposition that good wine was to bs had within, if the old proverb has two sides to ii. The stout man turned at tbe sound of footsteps, and took off his flat cap with great politeness at the eight of a foreign traveller. ? Your servant, noble air, if I were fortuoate enough to be useful to your Grace !" He rolled out there words in the highflown vet obsequious MexicAn manner, and with even more than the usual oily fulness. I thought I could not do better than ask him a question. " Can you tell me," I enquired, " whereabouts in Xalapa the diligence changes horses?" It is here, worthy Senor," answered the man at once, and without the smallest hesitation. Here," said t u that is an odd coincidence and then it struck me that my interlocutor might be lying. The nation, I knew, had a reputation for tbit accomplishment Tbe fat man was a good physiognomist. He re id ray doubts as if they had been set before him in large print. Nay, Excellency," said [ be, " if you disbelieve my humble statement, pray go round to the corral and judge for yourself; There you will see the beasts that are to be put to the diligence when it comes up, ; which will perfaapsbe to-morrow morning —who knows ? Tbe re is my ostler, Diego," (and he gave a shrill whistle) ready to show the horses to your worship." , He spoke in tones of injured innocence, and I began, with all a young man's impuU^feness, to dSly told him.'i&erefbre;, that an accident had occurred to the diligence, that its further progress would tnost likeJy be tediously alow, and that my wiab wsa to hire a horse and a mounted guide, to proceed rapidly on mr journey. " Then, noble sir," rejoined the innkeeper, with an oily smile and a peewliar action of rubbing together Us fat hands, ."you can be served to marvel. Tour Grace shall have a horse that might serve the Conquistador himself; were he yet on earth, and a guide such aa a guide should be—qnick, clever, well acquainted with the road. Certainly, illustrious sir j certainly." "And the price r" Hie innkeeper bowed deferentially. We should not quarrel oa that score," be said ; " he would leave the hire to my distinguished liberality." ' AU this was very pleasant, too pleasant to be true, in fact; but it was abo very plausible. I began to think I could not do better tfean take some refreshment and start afterwards. The landlord thought so too. His poor house and all it held were at my disposal, be said; the larder was not illprovided, and be himself Pedro Mender, my unworthy servant, had been reckoned a tolerable cook, and had often been commended for his skill and attention by many noble caballeros and ladies of quality. Might be hope for mv custom t Would I dismiss my mozo, and allow his ostler to carry in my effects ?" By this time the ostler had arrived—a swarthv, broad-breasted fellow, with a red handkerchief twisted round his head, gold rings in bis ears, and a jacket and calcoucillos of dirty white cotton. His abort hair was crisp and woolly, his eyes fierce md restless, and his teeth, being Wed to a sharp point, gave him anything but an agreeable expression when he smiled, while his complexion wis nearly African. He was, indeed, aXaraho.orah#-breed between the negro and the lndian; and I bid never seen one before. I supposa tbe host saw that bis servant's aspect hfd not produced a very favourable impression, for he instantly launched out into praises of Diego, speak ing partly in Spanish and partly in broken French. Diego was an honest eresture, the pearl of groom*, the gem of ostlers, the best soul in the worl^, a lamb, a real lamb. Will, the landlq^4 ofaght te hatfe known his own domestic a character beet; but I could not help thinking that, for a lamb, Dieco looked iiuoomtponly like a Wolf, and a ^y trtin wolf to^bot.'t paid the Indisn and discharged 'hint, and the patient fellow made his remenoe and.plodded ofi. But still 1 fingered* in the gateway, garing at the distant town, no longer reddonod by the after-glow of the sinking sun, and I felt an inatinctira temptation to bid Pedro llendot good-night, and trudge on to Xalapa. One word deeded me, " Would ypur Grace wish supper at once ?" . , I wis very hungry, and, dismissing tny word; iiow piarodnp my little portmanteau, and would have done as much for tbe bags, but 1 bad a prejudice, in those airly days, against let! ing them out of my sight fur aa instant, We had all kinds of traditions among us in the messengers' rorm—Tom, about the wonderful tricks that had been played on couriers, and I believe some of us fancied that foreign governments employed agents Httle less adroit than Robert Houdin, in getting a peep at our prosy old protocols. (To be concluded in our next J, 