The Courier, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1863. When Moreton Bay formed a portion of the Colony of New South Wales, and the electors here chose a representative to sit in the Legislative Assembly in Sydney, the proceedings of that body were viewed with an interest which has been transferred by separation to our own parliament in Brisbane. We have not now to refer all local wants and grievances to Sydney, nor are we so im- mediately interested in their general legislation, Recent events are, however, showing that while the commercial transactions between the two colonies are so extensive, we have a direct interest in the financial policy.. The trade of Queensland will be largely affected by the decision of the New -South Wales Parliament on the proposition of their new Treasurer, Mr. EAGAR. Consider- able advantages may also be derived from a willingness to learn from the ex- perience of the sister colony. The oldest and most firmly established ministry un- der responsible government in Australia has at last sunk under the pressure of financial difficulties which have for some time past being steadily increasing. With a happy ignorance of the real state of the finances, the expenditure has been allowed to over-run the income, and from the manner in which the Government accounts are kept no one seems to know what is the actual truth. This finan- cial difficulty possesses a particular in- terest for us, from the fact that our Government is following the same steps, and must sooner or later arrive at the same destination. It is generally said that no experience is of value except that for which a high price is paid. But if our Treasurer is wise, he will carefully examine every step by which our neigh- bors have arrived at their present unen- viable position, aud from it will learn a lesson which may save the public credit of this colony from a rude shock, and himself from political extinction. Strange as it may seem, there have been the most violent discussions in Sydney as to the real state of the finances ; the debateable question being, whether there is a deficiency of more than half a million sterling, or no deficiency at all. Tho mere fact of the existence of such a wide difference of opinion is of itself a proof of the necessity of public attention being carefully directed to this subject. For a long period Mr. Weekes was Finance Minister in Mr. Cowper's government ; some six months since he resigned office and was succeeded by Mr. Smart, an able finan- cier and accountant On 3rd Sep- tember last, Mr. Smart, in making his financial statement, showed a deficiency in the revenue amounting to half a million. This statement he afterwards withdrew, and the deficiency was stoutly denied by the government. But confi- dence was so far shaken that on the 7th October, a resolution, moved by Mr. Eagar, condemning the financial ma- nagement of the government, was thrown out by a majority of only one ; and the proceedings of the Committee of Ways and Means were brought to an abrupt close hy tho rejection of the first vote by the casting voice of the Chairman. Tho next day the Cowper Ministry, of course, resigned office. After some little delay, Mr. Martin succeeded in forming a ministry, securing for the Treasury the services of Mr. Eagar, a professional accountant well known in Sydney, and who enjoys the reputation of possessing considerable ability in unravelling intricate or insol- vent accounts, and who is by no means inclined to underrate his own abilities in this respect. On the 2nd of December this gentleman made his financial state- ment ; although he is a quick speaker, we are told the speech occupied five hours in delivery. Mr. Eagar said he had gone through the public accounts in the same manner as he would in the case of a bankrupt firm ; aud his statement and balance-sheet have the rare merit of being clear and intelligible. Some of his criticisms on the conduct of his pre- decessors are unnecessarily severe ; but on the whole the accountant's work is well done, and the government accounts of New South Wales have been relieved of much of the obscurity which surrounds them. But when Mr. Eagar turns financier he is evidently out of his ele- ment, and forcibly reminds one that " Fools rush in where angels fear to " tread." The chief characteristic of the Treasury remedy for the evil he exposed with so much evident delight to himself, is boldness, with an entire absence of originality. The idea of reducing ex- penditure is passed over lightly as in- tolerable, and new taxes are proposed with an unsparing hand in the shape of stamp duties, and ad valorem customs duties on all imported goods. The adoption of the new tariff would seriously affect the trade of Sydney, and give a great impetus to the trade of Brisbane in direct importations from Great Bri- tain. It is not, however, with this pro- position we wish to deal at present, but with the deficiency which has produced it. Discarding the usual Parliamentary practice, Mr. Eagar has presented to the Committee of Ways and Means a complete balanpe-sheet of the income and liabilities of the colony. According to this statement the Parliament has, in previous sessions, voted sums far in ex- cess of what the actual revenue has proved to be; leaving a deficiency of income to meet the expenditure sanc- tioned by Parliament to the extent of £534,539 8s. 6d. to the 31st December of the present year. This deficiency has arisen during the last four years, but principally during the one now drawing to a close. The sums voted for the service of each year, and not yet ex- pended, though liable to be expended whenever the Government has the money, are in round numbers as follows : -For 1860, .£27,000 ; for 1861, £27,000 ; for 1862, £58,000; for 1863, £422,000. The amount by which the actual expenditure has exceeded the in- come, appears to be only £51,000 ; this being the amount of tho overdrawn ac- count at the Bank as outstanding che- ques, on the 1st November last, with all accounts punctually paid. To us, at a distance, this appears to be almost the whole of the deficiency, and that the best way to deal with the works for which the remainder of the large sum already voted is required, would be to let them wait until the money is forth- coming, and, in the meantime, to prac- tice the most rigid economy. But the Treasurer says that the expenditure is absolutely necessary for the public ser- vice, and, in the absence of any informa- tion as to the particular items of which it is composed, we cannot dispute his as- sertion. The new ministry is evidently not more inclined to retrenchment than its predecessor ; for in the face of a de- ficiency to meet sums already voted, the Assembly is asked to vote for the services of the year 1864, the sum of £1,926,000 -against an estimated revenue of £ 1,555,000 ; thus adding £371,000 to the deficiency already said to exist, and making it reach a total of £905,000 on tho 31st December, 1864. There is also the sum of £451,000 proposed to be raised by loan and expended during 1864, which is not included in the above estimates either of receipts or expenditure. The Treasurer proposes to meet the enormous deficiency by imposing new and additional taxes which he estimates will produce £547,000- " if they do not " produce any smuggling"?and by rais- ing a deficiency loan of £250,000 ; the balance of £103,000, being 'savings', that is, composed of sums voted by the Assembly, the expenditure of which will not be required. In addition to these figures, which relate only to what may be termed cur- rent expenses, there has been a large ex- penditure on railways and other public works, which has been raised by loans. Tho total debt of New South Wales now amounts to upwards of six millions ster- ling. This debt, Mr. Eagar. proposes to fund in imitation of the National Debt in England. He considers it will be better not to have to repay the principal at all, but to commute it into an annual payment of interest at the rate of six per cent, for ever. On tho whole, we are not surprised that, although it is now ten days since the financial statement was made, the Committee of Ways and Means is still engaged in a somewhat lively debate on the principle, as well as the details, in- volved in the financial scheme of the MARTIN ministry. We are informed that the Rev. S. Wilson, of Ipswich, the moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland, will officiate in the Creek-street Presbyterian Church to-morrow, both in the morning and evening. Os Thursday morning, a man named M'Farlnne, who is a drayman residing on Spring Hill, for, wager carried no less a weight than 484 lbs. for fifty yards. Besides the weight being heavy, it was bulky, con- sisting of two bags of flour and a bag of sugar. " Boxing Day," that occasion on which all Englishmen, no matter in what country they are, delight to keep holiday, has been hap- pily selected by the people of Cleveland for tho indulgence of aquatic sports. Distant though the course is from Brisbane, the com- mittee of the Cleveland Regatta have ar- ranged a first-rate programme, and there is every reason to believe that there will be some good racing. The event will at any rate have novelty in its favour; for we per- ceive that in the second race, which is for all whaleboats pulled by blackfellows, the prizes are of a somewhat unusual character; for instance: First prize : 100 lbs. of flour, 2 lbs. of tea; 20 lbs. of sugar, and 2 lbs. of tobacco Second prize: 50 lbs. of flour, and 1 lb. of tobacco. Post entrance. There will be se- veral other races between sailing boats, ships' gigs, &c.;, and liberal prizes are offered. It is stated that " Hamlet's Ghost" will appear in one of the contests, provided the rigging of the "Ghost" is accomplished in time. From what we have learnt, there is every probability that the Cleveland Regatta will be well worth witnessing. Entries will be received at the Victoria Hotel on the 19th December, WE understand that Mr. Greville, of the firm of Messrs. Greville and Bird, telegraphic agents, who arrived here from Sydney on Thursday by the Telegraph, intends so ini- etiate an agency in Brisbane, Besides the telegraphic agency we believe that it is con- templated to establish a telegraphic and com- mercial exchange. At the Central Police Court yesterday, one drunkard was discharged with a caution, and a vagrant was sentenced to one month's im- prisonment. Ellen Norris, charged with hav- ing stolen £18 from George Southern, was committed to take her trial at the next assizes. The Inspector of Nuisances charged John Phillip Jost, a pork butcher, with hav- ing a nuisance upon his premises; the case was adjourned until Tuesday next. The in- formation in the case of Bonney v. Hunter, for illegal detention of property, was not per- fect, and was withdrawn. In the preliminary remarks with reference to tho late regatta, which appeared in our issue of yesterday, we stated that there was but " one " boat entered that had not been pulled last year. We should have said "three"- the Ariel, Lurline, and Rose of Denmark. We understand that the Turf Club Com- mittee are proceeding energetically with the work of clearing and fencing tho new race courso. Tho timber is fast disappearing, and more than a quarter of the land ia already fenced in. We are happy to see that the Corporation are showing an excellent example to the owners of allotments of land in Frog's Hollow, by filling in the roadway to its utmost extent. The stuff used for filling in is obtained from the Ann- street cutting, and appears to be admi- rably adapted to the purpose for which it is used. There is every probability that in a short time the Frog's Hollow nuisance, which has so long been a reproach to the citizens of Brisbane, will cease to exist. A very narrow escape from drowning ocourred about four o'clock on Thursday afternoon. A nunibor of boys woro bathing near to Potrio's Bight, whon one of them, the son of Mr. O'Neill, of the Foresters' Arms. Fortitude Valley, ventured too far out, and was caught in an eddy, which carried him rapidly up tho stream. His strength com- pletely failed him, and he sunk twice, and was sinking for the third time, when tho nttontion of Mr. E. Norris, of the Crown Law OfBco, who was fishing closo to tho spot, was drawn to thc critical situation of tho youth. Mr. Norris saw a tuft of hair on tho top of tho. water, and was informed by tho hoys tbat their drowning mata was only gammoning. Mr. Norris, howovor, plainly saw that such wns not the enso, and accordingly plunged in, bringing tho hoy to tho shoro, when it was found that ho was insensible, nnd tbat his hands and fnco had attained a purple hue. His rescuer laid him on the grass, nnd rubbed him until ho carno round; ho could not walk for upwards of an hour, and then ho could only stagger along. Tho boy is pretty bonvy, nnd Mr. Norris had to swim somo twenty or thirty yards with him. Wo understand that O'Neill is tho third boy that Mr. Norris has saved from an untimely end by drowning. Last ovoning, the inhabitants of Brisbane had an opportunity of witnessing one of tlioso beautiful sunsots only visiblo in tropical or semi-tropical countries. Tho sky was of a dark groy color, magnificently tinted in tho wost by that vivid brilliant jroso pink, a de- scription of which it is impossible to tran- scribe to paper. The usual presages of acom ingstorm added to the effect, and lightning,? chain, shoot, and forked?at Bhort intervals, rondored tho scene grand in tbe extreme. About niuo o'clock, a thunderstorm broko over tho city, but presented no phonomonaof an unusual character. BnicMDiBit-GENERAi, Chute, who arrived by tho Telegraph, on a tour of inspection, on Thursday morning, inspected tho detachment of tho Twelfth in tho barracks, at Brisbano yestorday morning. Tho men woro all in boavy marcliing order, and tho General ex" prossod himself as being much pleased with thc soldier-liko appoaranco they presented. Ho also inspected tho Barracks, and remarked upon the cleanliness and discipline which was evidenced. -KNDEHS woro accoptod 'yostorday for levelling tho ground, and removing tho fenc- ing, preparatory to tho Grand Intercolonial Cricket Match, hetweon New South Wales nnd Queensland, Tho Ground Committeo held a mooting at noon, in tho City Council Chamber, Mr. Shepherd Smith in tho chair. Fivo tonders woro opened, namoly, Lee and Taylor, Graham and Cusack, Daniollunernoy, John Newman, and John Ilonoyohurcb. Tho two tondors, soparatoly given, hy Mr. New- man, being tho lowest, woro unanimously accoptod, for making tho ground, £30, and for removing nnd extending tho folioing, £2S Tho specifications included tho making of Gt! yards by 41, that portion near tho wickots, say 28 yards by 3 hoing lovollcd with now turf; and. on tho remainder, the depressions to bo filled in, and tho devotions reduced. Tho fencing is to ho carried up 79 foot towards Potrio Terrace and 1G5 foot towards tho city, in a triangular form. Gatos and turn-stilca nro included in thoiinprovomouts. Operations with tho ground will bo commonccd forthwith, and tho foncing oxtonded as soon as tho con- sent of tho Secretary for Lands and Works has boon secured. Tho Gcnoral Committeo aro to moct at four o'clock on Tuesday next, to report progress. Wo aro informod that his Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen has forwardod a lottor to tho hon. Secretary, expressing bis " groat pleasure in becoming Patron of tho Intercolonial Cricket Match." A number of tho Sydnoy playors from tho Albort Club aro oxpoctcd to loavo for Mclbourno early noxt week, to play a match against tho Melbourne Clubs, aud on thoir return will go into practico for tho contest at Brisbano, which is oxpoctcd to como off oarly in March. A vigorous soarchwns instituted yostorday aftornoon, and drags woro used, by tho polico for tho body of tho unfortuiinto youth wh was drowned on Thursday; but in spito of all tho efforts of tho searchers, thoy woro unable to find tho body, and tho presumption is that it is fast in some of tho interstices of tho numuroiiB rocks which abound in tho locality whore tho catastrophe took place. The Calodonian Association of Queensland havo mndo arrangements for a grand excur- sion to tho Pino Uiver, on Chiistmas Day. The excursionists will bo convoyud hy tho steamer Settlor, which vessol is rapidly bu coming a " favorite " with holiday Bookers, and tho timo of departure from Raff's wharf is fixod nt soYon o'clc-sk iu the morning, Aj number of sports nro projected, but we bolievo that tho attractions of tho picturesque locality of tho Pino River would alone bosufiicicnt to induce a largo number of our citizens to tako advantage of an opportunity to visit it. We see by an advertisement that a meeting of the Presbyterian Burial Ground Committee is to be held on Thursday evening next, at Mr. A. Petrie's house, when several matters of importance in connection with the Associ- ation will be discussed. Owiso to an interruption in tbo lino of telogrnph between Wost Maitland and Wol- lombi, wo did not receive our usual tele- graphic news last ovening. Wo are informed that tho communication on tbe branch lino to Newcastle was also stopped. A meeting of the Literary Society will bo hold this ovening, in tho Municipal Council Chambors, when after tho transaction of tbo usual preliminary business, a paper will bo read by Mr. Henry Iloghton on " Capital Punishment." The Eiverino Herald, speaking of Echuca, tho town in which it is published, gives tbo following complementary description of it:? " It is really becoming unsafe to live in such a place. Tho most inoffensive) people have their enemies who, for aught any ono can toll, may bo prompted at any moment, from mo- tives of malice and revongo, to institute pro- ceedings of a criminal nature against thom; and howover unfounded their charges may be, and however frivolous and incredible the testimony brought in support of them, they havo tho satisfaction, at all events, of drag- ging their victims before the publio, and in- flicting upon thom an irremediable mischief." The Melbourne Weekly Herald, of Decem- ber 4, contains tho following paragraph?In an article on "Colonial Literature" the Castlemaine Daily News thus refers to tbo fact of tbo Illustrated Post having offered a premium for a Christmas song:?"The Herald (our contemporary should have said the Post) has set an example whioh wo hope to see fol- lowed by the sister colonies, and generally emelated, on a more extensive and generous scale, by tbe various governments which control, direot, and influenqa. our destinies. The proprietors havo offerer a premium for tho best Christmas song. Jins proposition is calculated to stimulate and exercise tbe Victorian mind. We hail it as a happy and encouraging augury of social development, It will induce many of our colonists to commit their thoughts and sentiments to paper, while it will tend materially to 'create and foster public opinion, and make it racy of tbo soil.' Wo therefore take leavo to congratulate tho proprietors for thoir laudable and patriotic efforts to stimulate tho growth, and sweeten tbe industrious exertions, of original thought amongst us." Tire Melbourne Argus, of tho 3rd iustant, says:?" Tho usual mooting of tho council of tho Acclimatisation Society was held on Tuesday?present, Dr. Black, Comto de Cnstolnnu, Lieut-Colonel Ross, Messrs. Cl. W. Rusden, James Smith, and S II. Bindoo. Mr. Furnell, of Warrnambool, had an inter- view with thc council, and mentioned that he was endeavouring to form a branch socioty at that place, to co-operate with tho parent sooiety. Mr. Furnell also kindly promised to forward some kangaroos to Melbourne, in timo for tho shipment now being propared for H.I.F.M. frigate Isis, which is shortly e:: poeted in these water3. A letter was read from Mr. Poarson, of Bolfnst, saying that by tho Westorn, in charge of Captain Lucas, ho bad sent three young emus for tbo sooioty. Those, tho secretary stated, bad arrived safoly. At tho request of tbo council, tho Comto do Castolnau promised to writo to Paris, to moko various inquiries as to tho breeding of tho ostrich, which is now being carried on in Franco and Algiors. A consi- derable amount of correspondence was read upon various subjects, having no special public interest." The Burnett Argus, of tho 7th instant, says:?"What a change in tho woathor? Eight or nino days sinco the dust reigned supreme, clouds and clouds woro driven along beforo tho wind, nnd almost obscured tho sun. Every porson wns uncomfortable,?every thing ono tonohod wns covered with this troublesome visitor. At tho beginning of tho week it became evidont, however, thnt tho clerk of tho weather bad resolved upon sending us some refreshing showers, whorowith to satisfy our supplinnt dosiros. As tho week pro- gressed, tho rain came down in torrents, and mud assumed tho placo of dust. Thu river too, roso, and is not nt presont fordable?and wo oxpect that there is moro or less of n flood in the main tributaries of thc Buructt. The dark rain clouds have onco moro disappeared, nnd old Sol shines ns brightly ns cvor. Thoro is a marked difference in tho last few days in our gordons, and thc patches undor cultiva- tion. Tho crops and vogotables which wero so recently quito dried up and parched aro now groen and healthy;?in a word, thc wholo country looks ns vordnnt as if again it wero spring time." Speaking of Mr. Grace, a gontlomaii playor ?ono of tho AU-Englnnd party of cricketers now on board tho Great Britain?tho Court Journal says:?"Mr. Graco, tho great ama tour cricketer?perhaps tho finest player in tho world, including oven professionals?is a temperance man, at loast during cricketing times. Mr. Graco then takes no stimulants, not oven ten; mid ho smokes not nt all." Wo recommend the latter portion of tho abovo paragraph to tho notice of cricketers gene- rally. We seo hy tho Queensland Times that, " A mooting of tho committee of tho Ipswich United Cricket Club wns held nt tho North Star Hotel on Tuesday evening. Tho first business brought beforo thc mooting, wns to nrrango matters for a club match. Two olevens wero selected; and it wns also ar- ranged that tho players should adjourn to n luncheon after tho first innings. Tho noxt matter for consideration, was n lotter from tho Secretary of tho Cricket Association at Brisbnno, roquosting tho co-operation of tho pepplo of Ipswich in getting up n cricket match, Now South Wales v. Queensland. A deputation was appointed to wait upon tho Mayor on tho sub- ject. In rofcrence to thu match with the Victorine Club of Brisbnno, tho secrotnry said no roply had boon recoivod to bis last lettor. Tho Ipswich club hoing tho challenged party, had fixed tho 21th November last for tho match. A fow days prior to thnt dato, tho Victorians wrote to say they could not play until tho 2Sth. As this day would not suit tho Ipswich players, tho secretary was roquested to writo, asking tho Victorians to naino any day in tho following wook. Sinco then, ho had not received any communication from tho Victorians. A privato noto wns addressed to him from Mr. Oldham, of tho Victorians, saying that tho lotter would bo laid buforo tho committee, but ho did not think bis club would play nt all, No notico lind, howover, boon taken of the lotter. After this explana- tion tho secretary wns directed to communi- cate with tlio Victorians to asoortain if thoy intend to play tho match. A discussion then followed on tho state of tho club ground. It wns ultimately ngrcod to spend JCS at once, so ns to render it fit to play on for tho present sonson. The business ol' tho ovening boing brought to an omi, tho mooting soparatod." Tim New '/tealandcr of December 1 reports : ?" Tho Sandfly returned to this harbor from tho 'Dinnies ut noon on Sunday, mid brought with lier tho remainder of thu rebels taken nt tho Bangiriri engagement. She loft on Fri- day for tho Tnmaka, where sho shipped tho prisoners on Sunday. Thoy niimhored 7S. Thoro wore likewise ll of tho Onehuiign Xo lunteors on board, in tho capacity of guard,? with Captain Brookfield in command. Tho robe's will join the fust batch, on board tho Curnoon, wheru thoy will bu gunrdud hy fifty ol'tho milli rogt." U.vnuu tho bonding of " Tho Into Firo and Furthor Alarms," tho Northern Argus, of Pocoiabsr 0, i'o_iar_,i;?" Very littlo jnp-g ns como to light during the period interve n ng between the dato of the dre and the pre- sent moment; consequently the narrative which appeared in tho last issue of tho Northern Argus may ho taken to summarise all that is trustworthy. The causo is still mattor of conjecture, Tho losses sustained may bo approximated by saying M. Thozet lind his stabling and other buildings on tho allotment destroyed, and they wero uninsured; Messrs. Taylor and Greon lost everything comparatively speaking, and are also unin- sured ; Captain Feez lost bis out-stores and their contents, which, however, wore only in part thc property of that gentleman, a consi- derable amount hoing consignments; ho was insured very partially. Messrs. Hope and Rolleston, Hunt and Johnson, Mayd and Jaffray, Peter M'Intosh, Denison, Mayne, ami ForbeB, Hope, Berkelman, and Lambert aro reported as heavy sufferers. Messrs. Burne and Co.'s wool is considered not to be seri- ously damaged; Mr. Roope bas it in hand. Tlioso addenda exhaust most of the mema, on the subject; but thero arc grave rumours which certainly have something more than supposition to support them. No less than three successive attempts, perhaps, bat un- questionably outbreaks of fire nt the rear of Mr. Scanlan's premises, immediately adjoin- ing tho scene of the late catastrophe are re- ported, and of all places in the world the " temple of Oloacina'' was the theatre on moro than one occasion of these dread inci- dents. The stables were the last, apparently, and, inasmuch, as publicity may defeat the ends of justice at tho present stage, we de- cline entoring into particulars. We sincerely hope that if, as is soberly reasoned, these latter outbursts are tbe results of diabolical incendiarism tbe hand of justice will,fall heavily on the miscreant. Our advloe would be?" a short shrift and a strong rope," It may he satisfactory, however, to the publio to learn that the Mayor with praiseworthy diligence has deputed six watchmen to the duty of keeping an eye on these doings." The Melbourne Economist gives the follow- ing Bummary of the Victorian Turf Club Spring meeting:?" These races commenced on Friday and terminated on Saturday, 21st November. Tbe attendance on both, days was very large. His Excellency Sir 0. Darling and suite were present on both days. Weather very propitious. The following is the result of the raoing:?On the first day the Maiden Plate was won by the English imported filly, Nathalie, belonging to Mr. Hurtle Fisher; the Ascot Vale Stakes by Mr. M'Haffle's Freestone; the Melbourne Oap by Mr. Joseph Harper's Banker, own brother to Barwon; and the Maiden Steeplechase hy a Ballarat horse?Hurricane. On the second day tho All- age Stakes fell to Falcon. Banker, tho winner of the Melbourne Cap, also carried off the Metropolitan Handicap. Musidora won the Queen's Plate, beating Barwon, Anima, and others. Donovan Brown won tlie Steeplechase, and Triumph the Consolation Stakes." The Burnett Argus of the 7th instant con- tains thu following remarks concerning tbe gold-fields:" Owing to the inclemency of the weather we have had very little news, and what has come to hand is unimportant. There are several parties on the field, but, from heing inexporienced in digging opera- tions, they are unable to fix upon any parti- cular spot where their labor will be rewarded. One party have dug a hole to a considerable depth; they are still throwing up stuff, but have not commenced to wash any of it: we are waiting anxiously the result. Several are still bent on going to the diggings, and the moment we have any cheering informa- tion of a reliable nature there will bo a rush. After shearing, at any rate, thero are many of those engaged in the different sheds deter- mined upon testing the field. Mr. Smith, one of the proprietors of Ideraway, has kindly made a mark-tree line for the convenience of those en route the diggings, whereby a dis tance of a few miles is saved. Cradles and long-toms are in requisition. Would it not bo a profitable speculation for a few of our storekeepers to get tho necessary articles?it is quito certain a number will be required? Verb sap., tho hint, no doubt, will bo taken." The Queensland Times of Thursday says :? " We are glad to find that the dispute be- tween the Mayor and the Municipal Council, with regard to the unauthorised expenditure at North Ipswich, has been settled although in a rather irregular manner. If a more than usual prominence has been given to this matter, his Worship has no one but himself to blame for it. He made a mistake of no conse- quence in itself, but of great importance so far as the principle involved was concerned. Five of the members of the council purposely kept away (as we verily believe) on Monday afternoon, in order to allow him an oppor- tunity of quietly retrieving his mistake, and those present were both willing and anxious that he should do so, but he was too obstinate to yield. The consequence was that he not only had to eat humble pie, but-saved him- self from defeat only by committing another illegal action. If the Parliamentary practice is to be taken as a guide, the Mayor rendered himself liable to a heavy penalty for voting on a question in which he was peculiarly concerned. The question was - was he to pay the sum of £12 19s. out of his own pocket, or was the Corporation to pay it : Under the circumstances we think that most gentlemen after having given an explanation would have left the chair, and either retired from the Council Chamber or remained only to look on, and not take part in the proceedings. The Mayor, however, kept his seat and voted on a question in which he was peculiarily con- cerned. He did not even comply with the requirements of the 62nd clause of the Muni pal Act, by which he is supposed to hold up his hand and vote as a Councillor, but gave a casting vote without any necessity for doing 