SCONE. Feb. sano -We yesterday paid a visit to Ellerston at the head of the Hunter. Forenoon excessively hot afternoon-we had some high showers, wbieh extended as low down as Scone. The extent of vegetation in this part of the country is prodigious. The gross every- where is as luxuriant as possible, and yet does not appear to be rank. We saw maize seven, if not eight, feet nigh. We paid a visit to tbe Denison, and spout a night there. We were partly induced to do so to satisfy ourselves as to the truth of a communication of ours in a former paper with respect to vegetables, as reported to us by Mr. Whysall, and contradicted by another writer. We found that we had mode no misstatement. We were informed that during the dry weather they conld and did grow vegetables it is true, not in snob profusion as has Been done sinos the rain fall. Of this we wero folly assured by several persons-individually and separately ; and the number and fertility of the gardens we saw left no donbt on our minds of the probable trnth of Mr. Whysall's report to us. We had an opportunity of closely inspecting one garden at least. As far as luxuriant vegetation would permit, the most emphatic description we oan gire moy be summed up in the one word-abund- ance. This garden is attached to Mr. Pugh's Inn-the Gold Digger's Arm's, where we stopped the night-self aad horse ; and we were not a little surpised when start- ing on Monday after breakfast at the very reasonable charge made, wbioh did not exceed what we had expected to have bad to pay for horse only. He had good hay, and plenty of it ; of that we hal ooular proof, as we do not trust our horse to the meroy of grooms or hostlers. . The only crashing machine at work at present is tba steam one belonging to Millar ft Co. We mentioned in a former letter that Chilian rollers have been added to this machine, we might have said with other improve- ments. It appears to do its work in a satisfactory man- ner. The manager complains that during the dry weather when, for want or water, the machine oonld do little or no work, the diggers and carter« were so remiss in getting the quartz down that when water became plentiful there was not snffioient work for the machine. Messrs. Campbell and Pugh, after sinking one hundred and forty feet, have come upon rich quartz, and are going , to commence driving. In the meantime Antonio and Co. have had twenty-two tons of quartz crushed. Six tons of this wag surface quartz, and yielded sixteen and ahalf oances, while the remaining sixteen tons yielded . five ounces only. Horsefalls and Co. have about sixty, and Horres, of Simpson's reef fifty, tons ready for the gaaehiat, which is at present engaged experimenting on the produce of the different reefs, with a view to moro extensive operations. Having from personal inspection been placed in a position to state, without fear of contradiction, upon the present state of the roads, we can state that the im- provements and engineering skill whioh has been dis played by the late Commissioner of Roads (Mr. Collett) from Cooke's to Moonan Creek and over the Gap, which servioes have been given purely gratuitously, are worthy of all praise. It is deeply to be regretted that the same talent should have been repudiated. As regards the road between Cooke's and Brushy Hill, the traffic has been entirely stepped during the present month, and two posts lost by the interference of certain parties possessing a small and local interest, and by another having no in- terest at all outside the walls of the Legislative Assembly. Atatnflng expense, and without increasing the dis- tance, all the dangerous crossings of the Hunter can bd avoided, and also the precipitous peninsulars of Rszorbaok and Campbell'« Pinch. This line, which »as laid ont by Mr. Collett after several laborious in sp'otinns on foot, is now transferred to head-quarters. The consoquft.ce is thnt the year lb62 has passed, and the present year will pass away before the matter is de- cided in 864 the road may he proclaimed, in 1865 some money may be voted, and in 1866 the money, as in the case of Kiandra and Korbes, will be utterly useless, so fur as regards the prosperity and development of the ¡ Denison Diggings " Hope deferred maketh the heart ' sick ." and what with the interference of a few local settlers, the ignorance of onr representatives, and the : unaccountable, apathy of our liberal Government, wo are very munh afraid that the oertainty of a payable gold- field ('he premium for whioh has been alreaay legally 'pplieri for) will be in the first instance pooh poubed, ami subsequently oMitxrated from the map of Advancing Australia. We believe the tjentletnan authorised to act to bit a most painstaking officer ; but either from orders he has received, or from pressing requirements in other quarters, he has omitted to expend tbe £170 balance in hunii from last year's vote, a« well as the £56 voted for the present .yi'iir, und the £7 per mile, amounting to £215, P'. misecl by the Hon. Secretary for Lands. We must ipologiio for this lengthy and circumstantial report, but the urgency of th« case compels us to be explicit. Wrwther it be tht< miuister attending to his flock, the dootor to bis patients, the trade-man for the supply of his »toren and means of subsistence, or the engineer for his machinery, this stoppage for days and probably weeks is of vital importance It is bad enough to bo without a oonrt of justice within 40 miles, with no resident magistrate, or the ghost of a policeman, or without law and protection; but to have the means of support and existenoe taken away from an intelligent and industrious community is intolerable, nniess some steps are taken to remedy these glaring wrongs. Fkb 27.-Poonr Police Office.-The following casos were this day heard and decided by the Court, viz. : Frederick Knoll v. James Kdwards, for assanlt; de- fendant fined IOs. James Kdwards v. Frederick Knoll, for nsing threatening and abnsive language ; defendant hound over to keep tne peace, h sureties of £5 eaoh. James Edwards v Dorab Knoll, for assanlt ; defendant was fined 10s. James Terry, pro- prietor of the Willow Tree Inn, Scone, applied for and obtained a summons against John Burras, of this town, tor non-fulfilment of an agreement. Last night, between six and seven o'olock, while en- gaged in hanging out olothes to dry over some high weeds, Mrs. Kdwards, of this place, the wife of a brick- layer of that name, was bitten in the foot by a snake, whioh immediately mule its escape without being seen. Mr. M Colly, toe watohhouse- keeper, who was passing soon after, applied a ligature above the wound, which he sucked for some time. Medioal aid being sent for, Dr. Russell waB in prompt attendance, and immediately excised the part bitten, and put her under active treat- ment daring the night. At one time near midnight but faint hopes were entertained of her recovery ; neverthe- less by perseverance and prompt measures she so far re- covered as to be considered out of danger by seven a.m. The Hon. John Robertson, the Minister for Lands, has been paying a visit to his estate Ynrrundi. He was in 8cone on Monday last, when we witnessed a complete ovation ; all his old supporters who heard of his presence hastened to welcome bim-their name was legion. Of a surety the Hon John will not go away and think he is not nppreoiated in Scone ; if he does, we can assure him he will make a trreat mistake. The Hun. Thos. Dangar, who baB been engaged this week in selling off his furniture and effects, is still a sojourner among us, but we believe an early departure for Sydney is iii oouteniplation, this having been hitherto delayed on account of family and other arrangements. A lot of aboriginal natives aro paying their usual visit to Scone. 