THEBARTON WESLEYAN CHAPEL. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of a new Wesleyan Chapel at Thebarton was per formed on Wednesday, December 9. The weather was warm, but there was a large attendance, the greater proportion being ladies. The site of the proposed ceremony was easily dis tinguishable by the display of bunting which was made. Mrs. Watsford, wife of the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman of the Circuit was the lady to whom the honour of performing the ceremony had been conferred. Through severe indisposition, however, she was prevented from being present, and the duty devolved upon Mr. G. P. Harris. The service was commenced by singing a hymn v ? al on such occasions, after which the Rev. Mr. Watsford read a Psalm and engaged in prayer. Mr. Charles Newman read the following, as being the contents of the bottle to be deposited under the stone:— 'The foundation-stone of the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, Thebarton, was laid on Wed nesday, December 9, 1863, in the 27th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the 19th Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church, by G. P. Harris, Esq.— the Rev. G. Osborne being President of the British Conference; the Rev. Thomas Buddle, President of the Austral asian Conference; the Rev. J. Watsford, Chairman of the District; the Revs. J. Watsford and W. Brown, miuisters of the circuit. The Trustees of the chapel— the Rev. J. Watsford. Messrs. G. P. Harris, J. Colton, W. G. Coombs, J. D. Hill, E. C. Corlett J. S. Greer, John May, Ellis Nor man, Joseph Beasley, and C. Newman. Contractor -Mr. W. Pink.' Mr. G. P. Harris then proceeded to place the stone in its proper position, and afterwards de clared it well and duly laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. He then expressed deep regret at their having been de prived of the presence and services of Mrs. Watsford, in consequence of affliction. He had been invited to officiate in her stead, and he felt it a high honour to take so prominent a part in so wise a work. It had been said that it was wise to begin a work, better to continue it, and best of all to complete it. He thought they had commenced a good work that afternoon. For some time past the present chapel had been found inadequate, God having greatly prospered the efforts which had been made to extend His cause. In the larger edifice which they had commenced that day the truth as it is in Jesus would be faithfully pro claimed, and sinners would be brought to a know ledge of Him whom to know is life eternal. They read in the Bible that when the Israelites wanted to erect a tabernacle their liberality was so great that it had to be restrained by command of Moses. Though this might not be the case here, he be lieved the Trustees would have no dilliculty in obtaining the necessary funds. He would conclude his few remarks by repeating a verse of one of their beautiful hymns:— 'And in that great decisive day, When God the nations shall survey, Then may it to the world appear That souls were born to glory here.' (Cheers.) The Rev. John Watsfohd said the old chapel seated 120 persons. There was a Sabbath-school also which numbered upwards of 120 children, and their usual congregation numbered about 100 adults. It was therefore clear that a larger place of worship was necessary. The new chapel would be 45x30 feet It would accommodate many more than the old chapel, and he trusted many would receive good in that house of prayer. They had commenced with seeking the Divine blessing, hold ing the principle that without God's blessing 'the best concerted schemes were vain, and never could succeed. They had not laboured in vain in God's work in that neighbourhood. He trusted that their success would continue. Their Sunday-school was in a flourishing condition, and many had been led in early life to consecrate their lives to God. He trusted that the Holy Spirit would be poured out abundantly in the new edifice. He would not enter fully into the doctrines which they preached. They were simply —that all men were ruined by sin, and Christ had redeemed the world; that every lost sinner maybe fully saved from all sin and made meet for a heavenly inheritance; and that all maybe saved by faith in Jesus Christ. So long as these truths were preached they need have no fear as to the result. The chapel would cost £600, towards which £340 was raised. He trusted that the chapel would be opened without debt, and he asked those present who were anxious to contribute to lay their oflerings upon the stone. The suggestion was adopted, and contributions to the amount of £1 15s. were placed upon the stone. The benediction closed this part of the proceedings. At 6 o'clock an excellent tea was provided on the second floor of the mill, and at half-past 7 o'clock the company assembled in the mill, when Mr. G. P. Harris took the chair. The proceedings were commenced by Mr. Coombs offering prayer. The Chairman then referred to the varied and pleasant festivities of the day, and briefiy intro duced Mr. Watsford to deliver a lecture on 'Edgar Allen Poe and his works.' The Rev. J. Watsford said he had to lecture that night upon Edgar Allan Poe. He referred to the pleasure given by the study of the life of a humble and pious Christian, aud the equal pain which was caused by the study of the character of those who had abused their privileges, and had gone down unhonoured to an early grave. It was his duty to look upon the last sad aspect that evening. It had been said they should speak nothing but good of the dead, but if this prin- ciple were strictly adhered to many of the illu strious characters of history would have to be passed over in silence. Poe's career, he believed, was full of instruction and warning, and it was one of the penalties of doing wrong that the anatomy of such evil should be exposed for the caution of others. He then passed on to refer to Poe's birth, parentage, education, and early history, which, he said, prepared him for that awful career which laid before him. He spoke also of the indecisive conduct of his guardian, Mr. Allen, in conse quence of which his spirit was allowed to have un curbed control. Glancing at his expulsion from college, his departure from America, and his sub sequent varied and unsettled movements, he re ferred to his intense affection for his wife and mother, which he looked upon as the only bright spot in his character. He next spoke of his con nection with the Southern Literary Messenger, the C'asket, the Broadway, and other magazines, and also the publication of his paper on 'The Literati of New York,' which became so popular, and his poem 'Eureka.' He referred in emphatic terms to the awfully dissipated and drunken career of poor Poe, and denounced in burning eloquence those friends (rather let him say fiends) who led him to drink. Poe died in the hospital on October 7, 1849, after a drunken debauch, at the age of 38 years. What a sad, sad history! Who could think of it without weeping over it? He next noticed some of the principle features of his character which guided Poe in his after career. These, he said, were the loss of his parents in early life, the leniency of his unwise guardians, and the uncurbed power of his impulsive disposition. Poe's vices were gambling and intemperance. With regard to gambling, he warned, with fervid eloquence, the young men present to keep away from the fascinations of the dice-box and the gaming-table if they valued health, character, and soul. The same comments may apply to the lecturer's remarks with regard to drunkenness. It was sad, he said, to see a man who might have towered to a heavenly height and who was the first man of his day as regarded intel lect and genius, rolling in drunken debauchery through the streets uncared for by his fellows. He would say again that in looking over his character, he could see no redeeming point in his history except the one he had previously men tioned— the love to his wife and mother. In his mother he found a friend in his distress and a refuge when all others had cast him out . He then turned from Poe himself to his works, which he said were rich in conception and highly polished and rich in diction, In the modern literature of the horrible Poe stood alone. No one was more at home than he in the glooms and shadows of the nether world. He had, indeed, written madness, and his glance always reverted upon himself. His works were broken fragments of one of the greatest minds ever born— products of one who was the greatest word artist literature could boast of. He next referred to Poe's poems. Poe, he said, was born a poet and was unrivalled in rhythm and metre.' The full harmonious flowing and the exquisite poising of his verses was un equalled in the language. He then read in a masterly manner Poe's beautiful little lyric 'Annabel Lee.' which, the lecturer said, went dancing along like a little skiff upon the summer sea; and "The Bells", one of the most remark able poems in the whole field of literature. The lecturer next recited Poe's wonderful poem 'The Raven' in a manner which commanded attention, and was honoured with loud applause. This poem, he observed, was an echo or reflection of his own life, for in all his sin and misery Poe felt he needed something better when he asked, 'Is there no balm in Gilead? Tell me, tell me, I implore.' The great lesson taught by his life was the total insuf ficiency of art and culture to rescue man from the proclivity of his nature. He concluded a most eloquent and interesting lecture in the following words:— 'And now we must leave him with all his greatness as a poet and writer-leave him with the painful feeling that he might have soared in the morning light but he made his nest with the birds of night; that he lies in the dust and the stone is rolled over his sepulchre dim and cold; that he cancelled all he has done or said, and, dis honoured, he sleeps with the silent dead.' The lecturer was loudly applauded, and received a vote of thanks from the meeting. A collection was also made in aid of the trust funds, and thanks having been accorded to the ladies and the Chairman, the benediction was pronounced, and a meeting which was most profitable and interesting dosed. _____________________ Central Road Board.— The tenders advertised by the Central Boad Board, Nos. 854 to 869, will be received up to Monday next. We call special attention to this in consequence of an error in former advertisement respecting the date. 