TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) SYDNEY. Thursday, 6 p.m. The Sydney Insurance Company have de- clared a dividend of 20 per cent. The Herald of to-day states that forty ticket-of-leave holders from Western Aus- tralia have recently arrived in New South Wales. At the Races to-day, Mr. Hassall's Moss Rose won the handicap, Mr. Tait's Presto se- cond; The Grand Match for One Thousand Pounds, between Kyogle and Traveller, was won by the latter, by a length. Traveller was never headed. MELBOURNE. Advices have been received of the ship- ment of five hundred and fifty alpacas from Chili, to the colony of Victoria.. The Missing Boat - News was brought from Bribie Island yesterday morning by some blacks, that a boat-load of new chums had landed on the island, and been kindly treated by the islanders. The joyful intelli- gence spread rapidly, and allayed the fears of many an anxious heart that had been griev- ously agitated since the tidings of the dis- appearance of the unfortunate funeral party. We understand Hint on hearing tho nows, tho Minister for Lands anil AArorks telegraphed Immediately to Lytton for the steamer to start nnd recover tho missing pooplo. AAre congratulate tho public on tho fact that whore a call of humanity signally failed, political, expediency lins been most efficacious in dis- playing anxiety for tho foto oT tho thirteen missing persons, on tho part oT tho govern- ment. They have escaped from a watery grave nt tho ond of their long voyngo, and they have no one to thank but Providonce and their own strong arms. Tliey wera kindly treated when they reached a shore, very hos- pitable under tho circumstances to Hiern, not by their civilized white brethren, but by rudo, uncouth, ignorant, and notoriously savage aborigines. Tho hincks, in their rudo way, wero kind to tho unfortunate explorers, Burko nnd Wills, and mourned witli unaffected re- gret their uiitiinoly Tate; thoy wcro kind to Morrill, not for novelty's sake, but during sevunteon long years; and they have been kind to many hundreds besides. In tho presont instance " tho thanks ol tho public aro duo" to the blacks, and in thoso syco phnntisli days when tho testimonial sys- tem is at its meridian, wo trust that tho public in considering tho groat public ser- vices of Dick, Tum, and Harry in adding to their individual wonlth will not bo altogether forgetful of tho humane offorts of n few des- pised, dnrk-skinnod wretches in spor- ing .tho lives of castaways, in giving thom tho host sholter their rudo barbarity could nfford, nnd in sending messengers to Brisbane?a long journoy?to convoy tho glad tidings of thoii- safety. Tho friends of tho rescued party and tho party themselves havo no grateful testimonials to offer to tho govern- ment for their present cnuso oT rejoicing. Tho rescue and safoty of tho boat's crow and passengers is not due to any exertions of theirs, and tho wholo proceedings in tho caso forcibly remind us of an incident Hint onco occurred at Sydnoy, in which somo very pro- minent political personages acted no insigni ennt part. Tlie caso was .as follows:?A mombor of a legal finn, who was notorious for lifting his hand too frequently to his mouth, and for othor irregularities of a kindred character, quarrelled with his partners and took ship for England in bad lioalth, and with small prospect ol roturning. His worthy co-partners said to themselves, ho will drink himsoir to death at homo ir ho survives tho voyago, and thoro is no necessity for our accounting him any longer n member of our firm, or of considering his share in its profits. The pleasing prospect of tho managing monibors of tho firm was not realised, however, for suddenly tho ghost reappeared, aftor a long absence, on tho Home- bush racecourse,, and, having boon mado acquainted iu thu meantime with tho designs of his partners, was disposed to perpetrate a practical joko at thoir oxponso. So coming up to tlioin whon surrounded by n knot oT friends, ho tapped ono of thom familiarly on tho shoulder, oxclniming with a sarcastic chuckle, " Ah, Dick, my boy 1 Catcb-hiin alivo-o; ayo, . Cateh-him-nlive-o." 'Tho result was, that Cateh-him-alivo-o brought nu action at law and compellod his. unfortu- nate friend Richard, and nnother, to pay him lim full share of nil tho profits ol' tho firm during his residonco in England, His re- turn waa nothing hotter thnii a " sell" in tho estimation of his friend Dick; ns wo boliovo tho safe landing of tho pnssongers and crow oTtho boat to bo nothing hotter thnn n "soil" for tho responsible ministers-in Brisbnno. They sent ont thoir tug, aftor two days' delay, to toko a general survey of tba const in order to satisfy public opinion, evidently presum- ing-that tho people had perished, and Hint there was no groat nood ol a pnrticulnr scurcli. Thoy havo caught thom a'ivu 0, liowovor, and thoy must fool now that there is just grounds for bolieving that their soaeh was tho morest sham. In writing this paragraph wo go upon tho broad principle that tho interest a government takes in tbo welforo and prosperity of tho general public is host shown by their treatment of tho in- dividual monibors of it; nnd Hint a man's re- gard for individual lifo host illustrates his appreciation ol humanity in general. IT n illili, ns a mombor of society, permits his neighbor to be unjustly treated in his person ot- in his foolings by tho ruling (authorities, without au outcry of indignation, or any at- tempt to assort tho rights of humnnity, ho degrades himsoir in tho social seale nnd renders himself by his indifference peculiarly liable to a repetition of tho injustice. Mon must jealously regard tho interests ol others if thoy havo any regard for their own. Taking this viow of tho caso, wo cannot holp ex- pressing our regret Hint no adeqitnto exer- tions woro made for recovering tito lost boat's crew, or ascertaining their tate. AAro would recommend, in conclusion, that ns Hie testi- monial system ,is still largoly in force, a blanket and tomahawk should bo presented at tho public oxponso to caeh oT those natives who assisted in saving, supporting, and con- voying intelligence te Brisbane ol' tho safety of tho missing boat. lt is our interest to conciliate the good will of thu Bribie Island blacks, and to show thom that as wo vnlno human lifo it is thoir interest and duty to do so also, I 