TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS. THE DEBATE ON MR MARTIN'S MOTION OF CEN SURE. — feince the inauguration of responsible govern ment in this colony no debute in our Lcgi*dat;vc Api-cmbfy has cxc:ted hO inuch public interest lb ll. at on th- motion of ihe honoiable and learned mt^ibnr fo: Orargc, which was biougiit to a close on the 27tli August. The Hou^e has never before been crowded to such excess. Ni^.ht alt r night every availuble place was occupied, and towards the dote of the dis cussion many went a* ay unable to obtain admission. The Speaker's room t -o (which opens into the Assem bly Chamber) wap ofcupjed day alter day by a large liumbcrof ladies, who. it is rcwnrkt-l, are in some degree responsible for the prolongation of ib-- debate beyond ordinary iiir.itJ. At the close of ti is wordy war, it may ):--t l)c unprofitable to resort to figures in order to form an accurate estimate of the vo lubility of our laudators, and to give etmi idea of the large amount of Parliamentary cbaH daily feparated from the grains of wisdom, oi the less valu able but more lively episodea of debate. The average rate of public speaking in this colony i- about 13d words per minute. There; ore sonte deliberate or hr-sit&ting; gentlemen who tcldom utter mL-re than eighty or ninety words per minute, but there are others, such as Hie Hon. the Chief Secretary, ttie lion, and learned Attorney-General, and the hon. and learned member for Orange, who not un frcquently exceed 170 or 380 words per minute. Ttie late discu^^i.n l**ted seven d ivy, and the sittings averaged t ight hours per day. De ducting half an hour cach day for le'reahmrnt, th.ru will be left 62$ talkiog hours cr 3I5U minutes, Mhi'-h, multinlicd bv 130 words, will «ive a§ tha wordi actually uttered, 409,500 ! 68,500 words per day ! If they were all true and kind, it might be rather an advantage than otherwise to be loqua cious occasionally, but as humanity is at present con stituted, there is much reason to apply to Parliaments the injunv:i.)n having special reference to the choice and number of words. The debate, as i tported in the Sydney Morning Herald, occupied equal to niuety columns of the type in which the parliamentary intel ligence usually appears. 19,800 lines! 217,5*00 words ! Reported verbatim et literati it would have required st least 168 columns J Tao diflbrencr be tween 90 and 168 is, of course, great, but not greater than the difference between the meaning of the words 44 quaint ' 'and 11 bombast.' There are some tilings entirely omitted, such as excuses for rising fj address the Houec — promises of brevity, which are almost always broken — confessions of unprfp6rcdness which ill-accord with copious notes— incidents of personal history of mere private interest— statements offsets dry and uninteresting, narrated without any attempt at practical application — and total departures Irom the question at lbsue, such as discussions upon the principle of capital punishments, or the law of the evidence of accomplices in its widest application. But the length of the debate is not its most objectionable feature, for surely from the days of Thermites until now there has never flowed from any public body ah oratorical stream impregnated so completely with personality and vituperation. BONE PULVERISING ESTABLISHMENT. — The Gover nor inspected, -n the 27th ultimo, the machinery of Jones and Co. for the preparation of bone-dust f jr agricultural purpose u. We had already had mils for this purpoftc, but the new invention is more than usually complete. It is situited in Pyrmont. on the right of the fridge from tho Sydney -idc. Tbe bone -nn be deliv-red from the water's when it is convej cd on a short tram to the Tunis. Tire first of tl.etc is a co&mon; balk mill, and hrrn the bones are broken into lumps, and from theiie 2 &ra; d-livercd to the pulveriter — Hull's quartz-cru*hing mil!, and i* by one or more processes through thi mill nduced to fragments or flour- like dusi. It is then delivered into bag0, and is rehrjy lot ship* ment. The wear and tc^r of Hall'* n: :i La grea\ as tic bone is far moic difficult to reduce tu powdsrthan quartz, on account of its tiughnefs. I. is possible, however, thru a metal hard r than common cast iron would escape a rapid attrt'ou, ee;'°ciftlly as no col libicn between the iron pait: l.appens, but the wear is produced by the rapid wlirhng of the bone itself. ' The vt-1uc 'f the du-t of the linc-t re duction is something about six pound*. S&m;~. | two cwt. per acrn i6 tiRcd for meadow land ; a' -out six ' guiu'ii ^ruuuu. avo femuamg , id not be deecribtd, I'he proprietors ol ints mill c: i- ulatc » bene of the colony at about 10,000 tens, A' d tVi* vi hout including thoee parts v/itorc it mi^ht lc d tlieult to collect. At Mauritius a-W B^ur'r.ua large quantity of guano has been used, but ic i^s given disease 10 Cm sugar-cane, and it i- fjun*! ncccifary to employ a substitute. It is thought that thiB market uill be a If.rpr customer lor this article, if it r.^n supplitd on moderate t.rmi, It ts f vr-fl suggctkii that With such ma/.ure it would be pr'E'-it'lc to grow the true sugar cane within a few milch of Sydney. It is said the ruin of 1h»»West Indi*B in n any cases arose from the cxheusii-..n nf the land, and ti eutt/r absence of all means of rc»ioratiri:i, We hope the er-ierpri»e will be very successful. SABBATH SCHOOL UNION.— An adjourned meeting of Sahbath'School ttachers in coM-' .\\.iwi w«th the \- stablifchn.ci.t of a Sabbath-fch^ol Union va* htld at the School ol Arts, on the '.^'h uit-ino, and was very nuiTitrou ly a'tcntad. Th«' 'huir v.—' taken by Dr. Moon. 1 he draft ruh? f- r the ol' the Ur,i»n weic difcussed at c^iisidcrable 'length, «md were an.c» dcd ; and the meeting was adjourned until Friday the 11th ii &tai;t. ST PETER'S PENNY BANK.— The first annual meet ing cf 'he trustees ol tiiia bank m. fs held in St. Peter's bchrotrcfim, t,o Thursday evrn f ;'. the 27th ultimo, Tlie ch»!ir was otcupied by Mr. G. BMllat. The beo rtfry read his report, which eta'cd that the b il-ik was liiai f j ened on the I Oth of February, 1862, and up to the 30th « i Ji.nr, the sum cf £150 lis, 4d. was received in IGUo deposits, &nd; the turn of £96 17s. 5 1. withdrawn, kavirp ^'i^lanceof £53 13s. lid. in the bark, which amount *i represented by eighty-four depositors. SCHOLASTIC.—In a congregation held at Oxford, on U e4th June last, the degree of Bachelor of Arts was cr nferred up'-n Mr. Asihony Lawson Wavhew, of Wtdham C'd'ejr, Orlord, nephew of Mr. Robert Mayliew, of Newtown, in this colony. THE MERRENDEE ROBBERY.— On the 25th August, rt tbe Police-court, Mi:dgee, 3tmes Martin, Richard Kirgemt-n, John Gecr;-- Cortoyes, Thomas Fan ell, John Shrewsbury, 4h*i-ben CT'idy, and J. M. JoT.es surrendered to their bail uprn a charge of having, en the 15th instant, robbed Mr. Symes, pub lican, Mcrrendee, of £150 and a revolver. Evidence was heard at CGnBideiable length, and tbe prisoners were committed t j take ti e r iiial at the next Quarter ScsEions. Bail allowed — each £40, and two sureties for £20. HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.— The usual monthly □.eeuzigoi uiib touuiuiy webuejuuu f.uiir;^uay cvuamg at the School of Arts. The attendan t ,?as numerous. Mr.Dutrmer was voted to the chair. A splendid eamplc of fea-kale was shown by Mr. W. Creswick, gardener to Mr. Walker, of Buckhurst, and was considered the best that had been eeen in tbe colony. A fine speci men of Thrysacanthus rutilsns was shown by Mr. Vernon, gardener to Mr. F. Tooth, of Cranbrook ; it was about three feet high, having about a dozen long r&ccmes; cf bright scarlet flowers. Mr. Patterson read an introductory paper on Medical Botany. Mr. Vernon then read a paper on the culture of Luculia Gratif6im, describing it as one of the most beautiful plants in cultivation. Mr. Vernon also called attention to the cultiva'ion of the pineapple for ornsmct'tal purpose?, illustraiing his paper by a fine growing specimen of the Queen variety ; it was 6tated that they were easy to grow, and were invaluable for the decoration of dinner tables, and that they had a rich flavour when fresh cut. The papers read having bcin discussed at considerable length, votes of thanks were awarded to the exhibitors of plants^ to Mr. Patterson for his valuable paper, and to the chairm&n.; MAITLAND CHAMPION RACE. — The Mercury of 29th August, says: — The Northumberland Joikey Club, in a most liberal spirit, has determined on having a champion race on th-ir course ai Rutherford. The project has been quietly discussed amongst the com mittee, and at a comu iitoc meeting, held last week, it was finally resolved to cany it out ; and next May was fixed ts the month in which the race will beheld, It was settled that the priz-j shall be, at least, £500, tuid it may be increased to £1000. There were only seven gentlemen at ihe meeting, and they gave their names for the following sums towards the prize W. H. Mullen, £50 ; Isaac Gorrick, £20 ; John Single, £60 ; F. M. Dovle, £20 ; T. B. liosriter, £20 ; U.J. Adams, £50 ; S. Ci i ft, £25. This is a go^d beginning, and the committee have every confidence in the ultimate succbp cf their prnje?t. THE REV. VINCENT GEORGE WILLIAMS. — We learn that tbe Aiton;«y-Uenerel has declined tc prosecute the ltev. Vincent George Williams. Presbyterian minister, who waf recently committed fjr trial at the Maitland assize?, by the Murrurundi Bench, on a charge of perjury. — Mainland Ensign, 20tli August. THE CHAMPION RUNNER.— On the 27'h ultimo, Thomas Egtdtton, of Tumut, claimed aad received the handsome silver goblet, as ch&iupion; ru nn ;r in these oistxicts.— Wynyard Times . SERIOUS FIRE. — Last Sunday night, a fire broke out at Irishtown, in a bark hut occupied by an old man named Pierce Kennedy, who is about ninety-seven years of age. It was discovered at midnight by a Mrs. George, who at once alarmed Mr. Daley and his wife, who were neighbours. Daley, with commendable promptitude, ai once toie open an entrance into the hut, but there was old Kennedy fast asleep, with the roof overhead in flames. On being roused the old man began to resist being taken out of bed, thinking, as he afterwards said, that some one was about to murder him. He was, however, fhswnthe flames and then suffered himselftobe from the burniug hu*.# but nut before his bed or. firo, a^dhisown hair, as well as a portion of the el- thc? of Daley, burned. He then expressed h:* c.- 'ern for his few things remaining inside, un-i these w^re being got cut, I c ' iuistJl removed a slab from the door-sill, and took i hence, to the surprise of all, nV»m £8 in half cio* jir, the hoardings of a weekly allo iva j.ee of 2s. Cd. generously made him by a gentleman in the town, — Ooldcn Age , August 27. A FINE SHEEP.— Mr. F. Davlin, butcher, Quean bcyan, last week kiiled a remarkable fir*e yearling wether. When dressed, the carcase when weighed 97 lbs., betides 20 lbs. ? f fat, thus making the weight of the clean carc use 1 1 7 bn. — Golden Age . MELANCHOLY DEATH OF MR. GlLBERT HAWDON. — The Moruya Messenger, of 28th ultimo, says: — A report was current in the town yesterday that Mr. Gilbert Hawdon, of Punkalley Creek, near Wogonga, eldest suiviving son of Mr. J. Hawdon, of Kiora, was miss ing, and from certain circumstances it was supposed that he had been drowred while crossing the Moruya river, at Kiora, on the preceding evening. Accord- tingly the liver was dragged all Wednesday night, and at about ten o'clock on Thursday morning the body of the unfortunate deceased was found in the river a few yards above the crossing place at Kiora. Deceased was a farmer, and leaves a wife and four children. THE SEASON.— The weather for the past nine or ten days has been delightful. The trees arc bursting into bloom, and dame Nature is fast putting on her fbiry mantle of green ; the gardens are receiving thf.ir quota of epiing seed, and shooting forth promises of abundance from preceding operations. The cultivators of the soil have no time to spare ; ** up and doing1' is the guiding principle just now. In the field, farming operations are progressing most favourably. The beautiful open weather gives a splendid opportunity for planting potatoes, accordingly all hands are pressed into the service, and wc trust the re will be an abun* daiit crop of this our staple produce. The wheat looks exceedingly well, and for other crreals the 6CBBon could not be more suitable. Altogether our pgricultural prospects are encouraging, and must make the farmers hearts gla-i. Everything at present betokens an early and plentiful season. — Moruya Mestenger. DESTRUCTIVE HAIL STORM. — A storm of unusual severity rushed over Gundagai on Friday last, Tht hailstones were of extraordinary size, and fell in such quantities as to cover the ground to some depth, and give the country atound. foe a time, quite a winterly appearance. Little or no wind accompanied the hail, but the full foroe of the storm was severely felt at tbe Five Mile Creek, A whirlwind swept down from the hills, tearing up large trees by the roots and whirling the bfat-chee ir*to the air, _ In is course it encountered Mr. Carberry's public-house, ' the roof of which was carricd entirely away, some ' portions of it to a wondeiful distance. The roof of a ' larpn atom stable v»bb likewise torn off. The inmatci cstuped without injury, but the wh'dc of the pre nises are in a *lafc -f complete wmk. The lightning j which succordcd thi^t- rm dH considerable damage t- - the telegraph it, strut* ents of ihe Gundagai sti'im, i Notwithstanding every precaution had boen tiken by ^ Mr. Smi'h, the ttation-inastLr, in anticipat:on, tw) of 1 ]f, inBtrumfnts were mashed. By dint of great 1 t:;-r'ti-n, however, he succctded in repairing them iu 1 time on Satuiday nt' inirg to prevent any incot- | vcimiitc. At Adclong and Turnutrda fell heavily, ecccmpar.i'd by ihui.dtr and ligh'ning, bjt we have , not liLftrd of any dTnage having been donn, save the , i'ntiument at the telegraph oftice, one pinion of which was Jho/oughly luscd.— Wynynrd Timc\ August 25. THE MURRAY.— Our Echuca correspondent writes : 1 —We now ^-7ih ulnn«-) have a flood in reali'y. The Murray has risen eighteen incheB during the prst tventy-four hours, and the Campaspe is coming down a "buster". It is needless to dilate upon the many hardships which have bein entailed upon the poor families located upon the banks of the river, or to state that the free selectors do not find paradite to hcc-ni}rbtd within the fence of a c-»bbagc gard-n. Tl'.r mr^ter-spirit of the time — the Murray — has set nil b gi/rletion aside — and Jack Rcbertson's sophistry m tho Laid question to boot. It is not land we have rj-,wfcut water! Watrr as far as the eye can carry \ Vicn ? it both the New South Wales and Victorian sides of the river. Squatters, purchaser*, and fice tricolors are ah amenable for once under the demon ofili*li'-od ; and es all serm pamly*cd at the rapid li'C, it would appear that Kupwood ah ne rides trium ph^V 1. The Ciunp8Spe Brieve is nearly under water, Ti etc is about fuor feet cf water in Mr. Redman's rrilor, i nd the if ««d ?'« still rising. Al'ogether it is d ).h ir*Me to see the state in which some of those whttc Jjahitations were formoly considered to be tafe are tr w plac';J in. The livers arc rising and it is not unl ktiy it :»t ^vcie damage may occur again on the s'a'.ions bordering the Campaspe. — Pastoral Times. THE EDWARD.— The condition if this river has (xcitcci u gord deal of interest d^y afcer day in the tewfi^hip. When we wtnt to prt^s Inst week the water wts gradually rising— that continued until Monday; whin, tough rain began on Sunday cvenitig end continued partially through Monday, tbe wafer maintained about the same level un il Tuetd^y night, when it commenced slowly to recede. That proccsB his continued up to the present time; and the total fell, although much rein has fallen during the week, and the weather is still showery, has been from the hight6t point, atta'ned on Tuesday, some thirteen cr fouitccn inchcs. The bridge is s ill under water, but no further damage hasbe^-nsustiined. The stoppage of the traffic has occasioned great incoave uii nee and cxpontc.— /totoraf limes* j BURNING OF AN ABORIGINAL THROUGH WEARING CRINOLINE.— We dare say that not a few have laughed occasionally at the droll figures presented by the blaek gins when, anxious to look smart, they pro menade in the cast-off apparel of Europeans. They, in common with the whites, have 'a weakness for crinoline', but when such has reached the leaders of ton in the aboriginal camp, it has generally lost all its shapeliness or beauty— whatever that may be— and looks like an inverted funnel. With the pleasure, however, they inherit the usual risks ; and ou Thurs day, the 13th August, a poor girl, named Opossum, at Torryabbo, near Jerilderie, being thus in 'gorgeous array,' met her death ; the poor thing lingered a few days after the accident, and died. The deceased will be missed, as she was a particularly good diver ; and on a late occaiion, when a man was drowned in the creek, she was the only black who would venture to attempt the recovery of the body.— Pastoral Times. RUMOURED SPREAD OF PLEURO-PNEUMONIA IN THE BRAIDWOOD DISTRICT. — It is currently repotted that this fearful disease is in existence in this district. We certainly think that some immediate steps should be taken to ascertain the truth or otherwise of the rumour now geicg about. It is said tt.at certain cattle at Monkittee or its neighbourhood are infectcd — that the cattle, chiefly cows, were brought from the swamp at the Back Creek about two year6 ago, aud that some of them were then in a state of disease. These cattle were pi act d in a paddock with other beasts, and it was found necessary to shoot two head of bullockB, which were afterwards burnt. We hope the proper authorities will forthwith cause enquiries to be insti tuted, and upon the result being declared, action must be taken v ith a view of preventing the further spread of tMs fcurlul ditC-:&e; amongst cur cattle. — Braidtoood Observer. APPEAL IN CHAMBERS.- An appeal was heard in chnrobete on the 2Sih ultiiao, against the decision of the ex aminer?, on the application of Mr. G. F. FJeming — an artioled cleik to Mef6re, Gumer and Robberds— for admission as an attorney cf the Bupr/roe Court The examiners had re ported against Mr. Fleming. Sir William Manning, Q C., who appeared io support ot the appeal, bore petr-oaU testi mony to the general ability of tbe gentleman, and produced an affidavit from Mr. Robberds to the same effect. He also went through tho examination papers, and waa proceeding to effer argument, when their Honors intimated that in their unanimous opinion M r. Fleming has passed such an examination as would justify their making an order for his admission. This order wa6 thereupon made ; Mr. Fleming to be sworn in oa the first day of next term. ROBBERY IN GEORGE-STREET.— Early on Sunday morn ing the tobacconist's shop occupied by Mr. S. Slaptain, Brickfield-bill, was burglariously entered, and plundered of a considerable quantity of tobacco and cigars, PUBLIC WORKS DEPARTMENT.— An inquiry was a few dajs since conducted by Mr, Whitton, into tho chargos that hHd been preferred in ibe Assembly of irregularities in tbe Public Works Department. In consequenoe of tbe eviccnce then taken, Mr. Trengrouse, Mr. Hall, and Mr. Doherty have been suspended, pending the deoision of the Executive Government on the matter. BUSH FIRE AT DOUBLE BAY.— At about four o'clock on Saturday aftei noon last, a bush fire occurred on some laad the propeity of Mr. Sillitoe, Double Bay. The lire spread over an area of about two hundred yards, and was then extin guished by the exertions ef Mr. Henry Milford and a con stable. The damage done was small, but owing to the proximity of the frame to Ihe fences which enclose the grounds of the Hon. John Hay and other residents in the neighbourhood, considerable destruction of property would not improbably have resulted had not the lire been pi ompt ly got under.— On the same afternoon there was another fire of a similar character in the shrubbery fronting St. Mary's Cathedral, Hyde Park. These dangerous occurrences are thought to have been caused by some mischievous boys who were at tho parade ol the voluuteers which cdine off at Iheabovemenifoiied place n or Batai&ay; afternoon, ALBERT CRICKET CLUB.— A well*attcnded special general meeting of this club was held at Lawrence's Rooiaa. Grorge-fatreet, on Tuesday evening last. After the usual fmmal bueinecs and the nomination of eight new members, Mr. J. M. Leigh, who occupied (he chair, reported on behalf of the committee what had been done with reference to a cricket ground, and directed the secretary to read a prospectus which had been prepared by a nub- committee, whereby it was recommended that the capita] required fjr leasirg, fencing, rind making tho ground (which is near to Ecdfem), and erecting pavilion and other necessary build ings, should he raised by the issue ammg members of the club only of 300 shares of £5 each ; that no application for me-ie than ten shares be entertained, for although a number of gentlemen confident in the tucceES of the undertaking, had signified their intention to apply for a greater number, the com mittic were amicus that everv member of the club ahould have one chare. As it is liktfy that the project will be an inducement io- many persons to join the club, the oommittee Will probably w erve a number of shares, to be issuod to such aR tuny to join after the first allotment. The com mittee had nut quite perfected their arrangement for the ground with the proprietors of the proposed site, but were likely to do so within a few days, after which the prospeotue would bo printed and sent to the members of the club. A provisional committee was formed, and after a vote of thanks to Ihe ground sub-committee, and other persons who had given assibtanco, the meeting broke up, A GHOST IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY.— A very interesting exemplification of one of the numerous phe nomena of optical soience will be presented at the Victoria Theatre at the beginning; of next week, when it will doubtless be the means of attracting a large concourse of eager spec tators. We allude to the exhibition in this sceptical age of a distinctly visible but impalpable ' ghost,' worked by a gentleman named Fltt, who has recently arrived from Mel Bourne with bis apparatus. Thin ' Ghost Illusion' was first invented by Mr. I'm-ke. and having boen patented and considerably improved b- M«:bt-r8,Dlroksand Pepper, is now for tbe first time introduced Into thi a colony by Mr. Pitt and hie assistants, with the authority of the patentees. The apparitions thus evoked by the wondrous agenoy of brilliant chemical light, strong lenses, and a particular disposition of reflectors, are described by those who have seen them to be something calcu lated to shake the nerves of the most phlegmatio individual that ever expres^d bin disbelief in any spectral visitation. The phantom figure is eeen by tbe audience not as if it were a mere reflection, but as though standing eeversl feet In front of the body upon which it is rendered visible by the action of the light. The unreal shape moves, of course* (n exaot correspondence to the motions of the unseen person whom it represents, but the strange circumstanoe of it appearing to stand totally detached from any objeot invests ft with weird and start* ling attributes. Attacked and interfered with it 1b still motio&lesB; and undisturbed) remaining visible in spite of the interposition of any more substantial objeot, The apparition is stated to tero singularly vivid that nothing but suoh an Interposition eonvinoes the spectator of the actual nature of tire spectral delusion. The disappearance also of the ' ghost 'is sudden or gradual as may be doslred. This curious diuoovery is described In a recent number of 11 Once a Week,' and bos attracted thousands to witness it at the Polyteoh&io; Institution, in London. RAILWAY TRAVELLING.-On rt feienoe t« the tiruo Ub!o of ibe Western and Southern linea for the present tnomh, it will be seen that thrra is en olterailon In thft up train fioui Newtown. With tbla exoeptlon the arrival and departure of trainn and tramway fa tho samo as pre* viouB month. SYDNEY PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.— The annual meet log of ihe mi-tubers und subscribers ul thte society was held on Mondnv evening, at the bchoolmom in Oaht1ereaj?h« Mrcet; tbe Hen J II. Hunkutt. M.L.C., fn the ohair. Tbcie was a rather numerous attendance of the members. I he honorary s-mtary (Mr. T. J. Southern) roai tba repot for tbo p«bt -enr. Fiow this statement it app *ared lh».t tho dulnvps which hae characterised trado aud tbe operations i.f o'bur societies has uleo bad iU effect on the rroipetilv c.f tbir foeiety ; for it id to bo reRrelted thnt there it- a dificiitcy in 0i«» nccipisof the jear which loaves tho con.11 itieo about 4JV30 in debt at its close. The report.also admi h that recent experienoo has ahown that the instru mental portion of the concerts of the society, although they bavo been fetrioird by ihe engagement of professional leadira in various pertinents, havo not been bo Batiauo torv as might be dmired by ibe members, and it is proposal for tie futuie to limit the efforts of tbe membore in t'lis branch to concerted piece* fornix or oevon instruments, or quartettes, ^uitp. Arc., and to pay for the future mow atten tion to the vocal branch ot rutisio- The object thereby gained will be the great reduc'ion of expense that will ba iflictcd, while at the same timo it iu hoped that quite aj attractive concerts uill bo given ol both secular and sacioa musio. It is aho inttnded to make tbo concerts more } exclusively -f an amateur character, and thus todiffuso J aniorg a larger t umber of executants a practical knowledge ; of ibe best musio of the bt»st meters. It waa pointed j out that is BLgland at the present tlmo there were . many societies enjoj irg the highest popularity thit devoted themselves to vocal mubic onlv; aud, bearing in mind tbe large number -of trained chorus sinpete, ihat are n*-w to be found in Sydney, a hope was pxprwtd -hat a very numerous bedy would be found to join the ranks of the society on its new baMe. As the society is pi- ff-esFed of a large stock of music and a very flu* organ, there is no rcaeon why it should nut beooiue a very popular body, if tbe entrance is made easy to amiteurs, aud di vet ted of any taint of txclusivpnees. The usual fororal motions were pesffd, and tbe Hon. J, H. Plunketc W3h elected prewdeLt for tbe ensuing year, Mr. Aldis vioe preridrnt; end tbe committee or me past Tear was ra» efecled with the addition of one or two new names. The preside: t, in iciuming thanks for his rc-eleciion, took occa sion to men lien that he bad been a member of the society for the paBt ten jenrs, which was an unusual time for a Focitty cf tbib description to la&t; In this city ; but he hopod that be niight be a member for many years to c-aie. It was also anr^iifccpd that, with a view to extinguish thedebt cn tho society) *eveml gentlemen had expressed a willing nesa to bcciiii.c life-memborB by the payment of £10 each, and a grateful acknowledgment was made of the reouipt of a most liberal donation to tho funds of the society by the pro prietors of the daily newspaper®. The proceedings termi nated with a vote of thanks to tho president for bis oonduot in tbe chair. LITERARY AND MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT.-On Tues day evening lest, an entertainment of a very pleasing cha racter was beld in liead'u Assembly Room, Woolloomooloo, by members ef tbe Unitarian con gregation,Macquarie-street, and their fi lends- tho Rev. G. H. Stanley, M.A,iutho chair. The room was crowded in every part by a highly appreciating audience. The literary portion of tbe even ing's proceedings consisted of well selected readings from Thomas Hood, Dickens, thn Ingoldsby Legends, together with CoIHuk's Odo on the Pactions. The readers were gentlemen belonging to the congregation. A number of very beautiful musical pieces, consisting of songs, duets, glees. &c; , were sung with great taste and expression, by the chupel choir. I he proceeds will be handed over to the fund for the recent repairs to the chapel, Macquarie- street. ALLEN'S SCAB SOLUTION.— We were lately shewn specimens of wool which had been clipped from sheep dipf td a few weeks since, by Mr. Allen. Tbe wool was banded to Mr. Allen by Mr. Walker, the Chief Inspeotorof sheep, who had been vreeent at and had reported on the dippings The wool is of good colour, contains the full nmount of yolk, is ot' fine staple, and equal to any taken from tbe most healthy ebeep. These samples can be in spected by eny who are sceptical as to the ourability of the scab disease, at Mr. S. A. Joseph's, George-street. We might add that the vety sheep from which thiB wool was taken, and which were to have been slaughtered at the GoverLment price of 4s. per head( were on Wednesday Sbld for the sum of 12s. per head, SYDNEY VOLUNTEER FIRE COMPANY, NO. 2.— The upual monthly meeting was heldat the engine station, on Wednesday, in connection with the usual business , A oom mittee waa' appointed, consisting of Mr. Walter Kenny, John Stephens, W. H. Walker, to device the means of convening fire alarms to the members of the Fire Company, MR BIRCH'S "HOLIDAY TRIP."— Under the above title, an entertainment ot en extremely amusing aud popular character was introduced lo the Sydney publio, at the School of Arts, on Tuesday evening. Representing himfelfasthe cicerone to a party of tourists through the Continent, Mr. Birch exhibits a diorama, consisting of some twenty admirably painted scenes, and describes in a very lively humourous Etyle the principal characteristics of the places depicted. The audience are transported— with a rapidity far surpassing that of the express train fram England to Switzerland, thence to Naples, to Paris, Vienna, and to mostof the capitals of Europe, andbaokagain to London — the concluding tableau representing a steamer pat-sing up the Thames, with the Tower of London in the back ground. But the most attractive portion of the enter tainment is the impersonations of characters with whioh Mr. Birch enlivens the occasional detention of the tourists. In these a wonderful versatility, and a rich fand of humour are displayed, tho admirable mimicry being greeted by the Budicr.ce with burets of laughter and rounds of applause. The imitations of Joues and Mildman— two friends who are euppon-d to accempany the party— are extremely clever and suggestive, and nre only surpassed by that of Susan Sj kef, ; a highly original maid-of-all* work,' whose acquaintance ia msOe At- Hamburgh. In tbe oourse of tbe imperK nations,— for v-liich wppropriate costume is rapidly edtpttd— soaie. amuritig songs are sung with very droll effect. In the intervals betwieu the dencripfionp, suitable pieces are performed by a lady on a pianofor'e and an hartii^nium. Altogether the u holi day trip' is otie of the* most ploa&ing; and success ful - Lt. nainroents that bun ever been presented iu Sy d«i»y. the intm i-t of tho awdiVnce being veil r-ustained by 'lie variety of tbe attractions- by the beautiful scenic illdOts by ihe excellent inutic, but ehitfly by Mr BirchV vivacity end genini humour Tbo entertainment h*i- had a ve:y successful run in Melbourne, and therecan bnJinh doubt that when its httiaftinjih bec^uie known it will t-o equally well appreciated in tbi& vMx A crowded hou-e was Uardly ex pected cn the upeLittg nigbi, but we may HmgeBt that the S rices for admitbion are tfu high. Mr. Birch will, we elieve, remain a few wevbF in Sydney. THE DEPARTURE OF THE KATE FOR AUCKLAND.— On the foreuo-n of 27-h ultimo, it will be remembered considerable exu?- ineLt was created in town by the embarkation of a large number of spirited youn.? fellows, wbo bad gallantly responded to the call of the New Zealand Government, and - ffeted themselves for active service in that colony. To commemorate this event, Messrs. Free man Brothers, tbe well-known photographists of George street, have published a large print of the spirit-stirriug scene. The men went 00 board the Kate, as she lay at the Patent £ Up Wharf, Sussex-iot* cut. and the timechonen for lading Ihe picture fo jusl aver sb# bad hauled into 'he stream, when the greater poilion of ibe crowd bad die pt rsed, and wbiie she was waiting to bu taken out to sea by ihe tug, A few attached friends still linger behind to give ibe voyegers a parting cheer, whilst those on board the smart little craft, aa tbey lean over her sides, and congre gate in groups on different parts of the ship, seem te be exchanging fond adieus. Pyrmout and Balmain form the background of the picture, which is executed in the usual style of excellence cf the Messrs. Frteuian. ST BENEDICT'S YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY.— Mr. W. A. Duncan on Monday delivered a lecture on ' Poli ical F: onomy ' befoie the members of the abovenamed flinty, in tbe hall, Parramatta-street. The Rev. Mr. CorUh occu pied the chair, and introduced tho lecturer. Mr. l)uncau, huving remarked that though the scienra of political economy was little understood by moBt men, yet itsstuiy wan of great utility, and wae especially important as enabling electors to exercise a proper discrimination with regard 10 the qualifications of public men, then went on to untold tbe leading principles of the science, After first describing in what wealth consisted, he dwelt at length on the necessity of labour for Its production, showing that though thoso primary objects which were the gift of nature were of infinite utility, they were, without the application of human induBtry, technically speak Lg, valueless. Labour was considered under biee divisions — agricultural, manufacturing, and commercial; and the security of property, the division of emj laments, and the exchange of products, as well as the eccuniuladou and employment of capital, were topics severally treated of as necessary to the production of wealth. Tbe gteat indufliiiet of a country did not require Ihe intervention of legislation, but a true balanoe of trade would be established if they were left to their natural operation. The sccond part of the lecture was on the dis tribution and consumption of wealth, and it included some valuable observations respecting the different classes into which communities were divided—labourers, landlords, and capitalists— and the circumstances whioh determine tbe average rate of their remuneration. The tiov. Dr. For rest, in moving a vote of thanks to the leoturer, referred to his vigoroue, terse, and plain exposition of the principles of political economy* and ths philosophic manner in whioh the subject had been treated. The vote was pavBed with acclamation, and, Mr. Duncan having suitably responded, the meeting separated at half-past nipe o'clock, THE LATE OUTBREAK AT BERRIMA GAOL.— During the last two or three days the Sheriff and the visiting magittrate ef Berrima Gaol, Mr. H, Badgery, J.P., have been engaged in a patient investigation into the particulars of the late mutinous conduct of the prisoners at that prison. Every ptiauner was examiaed and in every oa6e fn which any material faot could be disclosed the state ments were oommitted to writing. The result is that four prisoners were ordered to be roturned to Sydney, four have been sentenced by the visiting magistrate to various terms of solitaty confinement, end two nave been ordered to be otherwise separately dealt with. After a most searching investigation the conclusion arrived at Is that the reoent outbreak originated In a wish to effeot anesoape; and It would seem that there Is no blame whatever to be attached to the gaoler, Mr. 6mallt whose oonduot indeed has been very commendable. There were at the time of the mutiny no less than one hundred and eleht prisoners in this gaol, most ef them the worst eharaoters is the o6lonyt—GouJburn Merald, August 26. THE GOLD ESCORT ROBBERY AT EUGOWRA.— The larhhti Jllit.rr of IrOih ultimo, «ays :— It Is now a long timo Hue* tbo rtbhory of the Gold Escort. Men have been tried for it, cud tbo it nearly forgotten , but we have never beard that any thing has been done with the gold, or auy attempt mado to reward the police who recovered it. Th® case of ibo efcort robbery is en isolated one iu Australl&u; blurry ?; and in 1J.0 waiter of rewarding tbe polica fr-r ro taking the gold, wc quite think a very favourable cxnuption oupht 10 Lave been murK Instead, however, of giviu^ lu. tpicior PnuinV'reon CI 000 to divide, as ho might ihink fit siboi /jhifl pariy, tbo gold ho recovered still Uea usoless snn.e wbm in tbe coffeis of our exoellent Government; aud Kctiit like)? tbrre to remain, until tho craok of doom. Cji loho t wc- at-k very naturally ; for we signally fall to ascar tflin hew nnv gool end can be gained by allowing 1500 or Jfi^souirfh'oi gold to remain in ihe keeping of Government, wjun tbo rightful owners ate at hand to rncc'.ve it, Alaruv pr..pr-iiion of tho gold taken ironi tho cao.-rtw*s \cr\ mon meovered ; ond tbo banks lhat w^ro Jby iiriucip*! luuF u-igLt, v;i'h viry gooil reason, havo osculated -.u ro '?fi%?c^ tb'ir shau*, but no t'Uch good f.»rtunik uwiutottthiiu, In oi.o raae, wo know th«l tht Comui'-i^:'.'.! I3dtik hud to pi1? 'he ^wr.f.r cf about 150 ounoes, which wa« am-mg thsstolsa gold ; i cd jet, nw never beard that they got baok any par tii.-n 1 1 it A vt~y Isutd ou»-e it would appear. ltuM-'4wn tl.ihk. ri) in rtr patent enough that the caj)iuro of bushrangers nud tljo w^vciy et p-operty should, by P'.mn means or ?jthor. ht* vjHd-ilietiit*-tcst of evoiy policeman mthasGr \ieo. 'ite ad /wnittcm ou0'iit to be to ap. ii upon oA::h pulioojuuu io that p-trticuUr uhcjeivity atsMii c:»utemoKt. tdbily ioutbvd— his pocket* Htid i\ - rt tbi- tli1' c:use we have little doubt that many more bnnbivngfis have been got. rid of :hrtu have got into trouble owning tb»: lutt two years. Make U pecuniarily the inu rcsL ci every policeman to f rcrcute evil doerp. and thoy \rj|J hoo . -t or Uter find tbo way to get fotob ruffians lam tht ir dutrKf. l.'itlbeni be lewardet liberally out of tun Vr'-pr-viy rectiVeicd, suUlulently remunerated for any r-.- j.ti fce-. ibiv ruuy be pu- to iu the proeocutiou of acriiaimO h?id GocUftb-o Island wiil l^foru long be well fillod with tho oleum uf vur felonry. Tits opING OF MR BAYLISS.— In nnolhor column of thib sVt'ie we give, from tbel»en of a coneBpot-di-nt at South Wbgki». full particulars of tbe outrage committed on ib^ gtiDtkiunn, by buuhrangers, wMlti ho Wrt8 en rout? to I'rana, in the diacharge of hiB epical dotk?. In I'frltrtiiOM lothWevtut, we quote from tbu ^rag^t t^aoga fctjjiryi of tho tiitioio, as follows u Wo ai ti K'. to t into thbf on lir. Morgan's returu to town yi.st, rJ.iy, he lioupbi iu a tfcure favourable account of the uuiaty -.if the icjurits sustained by Mr. Baylies thin wae at first toba heped, anil Loius uut great hopes of hieukimhi^ roujvery, the iLUtelui; of tbo bscfe having protected th.'i vital pirts, Tho iwiuatlvc necessity of wmo immediate st:ys f.ir -.0^ iHy e.i:d r£p'.Ts-iun being taking ia acquiesced ii, b y rJ|, vchms-eio express their willingness to act— tbe uilliViliy in !!;-- v&y; Uing mounta and equipments. we ibrcw out the suggestion with relei^nro to -Lis volimtt'cr in^vcii'ent, tfcnr if the Government w»re t' ylvje for ibii1 pnrpOKtt iireanus mi the disposal oi lhi--- touLd'riMbc ibo ciitci riite, in tho various tht greatett tbiUtuliy would be got over, as moubir. drn far eatkr ebsained iLau the requifite weapons; nnd -s .j doubt not the t.;U -.'ivt!Lee& ot a force thus nUed. Od Fn-liy moraine wc rent f\\-?d a fresh pir.ee of iufurrnnfi-ju, whiafi sh*wstW the*' gr-ntry havo no intcntivi of rlc-In thiu^s by halves, On leaving Hammond's pl-ico it appears Gil bert's parly wended their way lo tbo soenu of tb^ir former exploit (Harris' end William^ public and stoio;. 'LUis time they entirely ransacked William^ plao^, loading tbm: borsce with the l-Goty« and absolutely despoili'i^ bim of the very coat on bis back. They served Harris'* pu.ee t \vhat in the same fashion, taking ou? of hi- iMist hi r.v.c, ThuB ends our one day's record, whLh will i,u dcii t ocewpy ite appropriate niche in the archives of crime, ad, 1363, to be heru&lfer; compiled.' NARROW ESCAPE FROM DROWNING.— The other dsy ve mentioned tbat Mr. Dillon, tho postal inspector, was 01 a tour in these districts, and had, after remaining a few days in Tamworth* started forthenorlh. On arriving at Bea demeer he found the Maodonald lUver in flood, and as there wbb no livelihood of it subsiding for some time, he deter mined to make an effort to cross Those who are acquainted with tbe crossing-place of this river, know from cxporience that in ihe times of flood it is one of tbo moat dangerous rivers in the colony, being very w!-:c, aad tl^lded with immense rocke in the bed, Xbe mails whioh had accumulated at Bendcmeer warn over with very great difficulty, not, however, bef ^ Mr. Ditto* who was present at the time, cut the larger b^s open. dividing them into three smaller pMc^a, when they were safely laEded on ihe north bank of tb«- stream, He thee thought ho w make an attempt to cruba un iiors^b^ck, anl accordingly snteied tbe river, tne current ai thf: being very strong. He succeeded in gelling nearJy inco the middle of the etream, when the horse got ejff the track, tr' immediately rider aid horse were precipitated into cdi oi ihe large holes on cither side cf the lina. By sduic - ib or other, Mr. Dillcu managed to throw his artu- ro j-'. i ^ neck of the animal and retained his hold n.l reached hino. It ia to be hoped that this ivisttdw^j-e will make bim & little mere cautious in future in crossing rivers while in flood, for had he missed bis hold be wonl^ is another moment havo been dashed against some of tho u . .-0 boulders projecting out of the bad of the river, aud in ill probability perished.— Tamivort h Examiner. THE WHEAT CROPS.— From the accounts at present to bend we have the mM* favourable reports of the state of tho wheut crops in an-J ;.Lrut Tamwcrth; onDungowauaal Dunoen'e Creeks it ie L-aid never to have looked better, while the same favourable accounts are received from the farmers in the neighbourhood of l'amworth, and on the Cockburn and Peel itivers. I h^re is more land under wheat this scaeon— neaily double the quantify, Id fact— than has ever previously been the case iu tliie district ; aad the early period at which eouibg was commenced will enable growers to get their wheat off, and replant with tuaize. It has been the custom hitherlo to sow late, and the result in frequently been a partial failure of the crop, as th - a weather sets in fully *ix weeks 01 two months earlier ih'Ju in New England. We are aeeured by (bore who hav? b.' most successful with their crops, that th*) vbauni* --1 ? heavy yield are far iu favour of early f/iWr;?. Wheat is about th' best crop we can rai^ : but bith^ri - it h^Bnot been cultivated so extensively as it undoubteily w^uld be had wc a local market for the grain. If we wtnt to have our vibcat converted into flour we havo to cart it to ArmHnV t-luMUTuiiOi, or Nunrile, each a di»tanoe of fro..i foriy tofceventy miloe. Of r »ui-c it doe' not pay to take so far, nnd tlie crop L. f frc-;u-.r»!!.v 10 bs e-onverted into hay, Thnta ilotr mill would pa; , r.u ony wbo hiisauysnowlcdg ? of the u r-i rici will deny, aiu we feel sure if pr;p« rjy repri eetitcd to enterprising men, in cithi-r Maitland or ^ydaay, it would be undertaken. In :bn meantime, w^'uust wait, und it must be borne in ui'cd thai wc are aVmt the o'ov-.'t aui most insipid lot of mortals in Tam worth tnat v. .11U ^e dis covered in aBy other part of tbe globe.— lamworth hxmi ua\ 29 ih Auguet. LOWRY'S CAPTURE.— A comnr-c!:Jei«t writing from Goulburn says ' Lowry's capture has caused quite a commotion here. It is feared that u tu:lii'uiith cass will not be made out to warrant the of the persons arrested, with the exce;.ti„t- of Cumtniugs au Vardy. It is improbable that sufficient evidence can be obtained to convict Cummings, but tborr ie har-liy a '!'v' that old Vardy will be committed for ir!4 on tb^ ?????( li harbouring.' His place is estnat. d nbou{ b.^i-*vy between hero and Bathurst, and has l bv'en cu£|«- -o/n a;, tbe rendezvous ef tbe rufiians who alternate tbeir J pre datory vMte between the western and southern diii-i'-'r.' 7 be Tohiirci rh Jwoihiiur of 29cL A Ufsa'ii, metttLue 0^ Mr. Jan ^ Baile}-, - i '.hut township, ii.ia :li i;:s ,»ardy»i * turnip mtvituriug tfciin tix inches in cii'-:umiei \ cj^I flowers woigbing mx and six and a-b.ilt lbs, aud oth=r vegetable monsters of an excellent; quality. THE SCAB ON THE PLAINS.— 'Vet-teMsy, wh heir, Mr. Seville gave notice of his intention tt destroy souiB^ftO ch?ep and rams, th'T baing affected with tbe 8?at-, and L ?? bj'ag fearful tbsit ii sold to any person tb'.y i.ii-;hl carry tba disease wi:h ihem. The destruction ii.i-to/ini=i»i»iP Mi'l beagreal bjcsZLotonly lo the owner, but to th»* pu'- ?;. *« thoy are the mcbt magnificent i\\\ic tbo prop Seville) believes he ever bad for geod ' and other points.— Tamworth / i.iw, August 29. ERRATUM.— In our remarks of U?t week on th»v debate of Mr, Martin's censure resolutions we '.liattiii1 dL-bdtt' bal bt'ca kept up 'for ffi.r night*,' Itshoulil have beeu written tena WAVERLEY MUNICIPALITY.— An u'sjourned council was u.- 1 ?' Tuesday evening, tlr 2cth AuyusL l'rcsert : thechairinat' {fttr* J. G Kajmondt. t -'«ncillore Holdsw.»rcu, Dickson, Si».-uons Taylor, Fletcher, Vickr-ry, and Kemp. 'J'ue minute of to.- ust meeting having been read s?i.t ccsMra.td, the folbtwinp e itcs pondence waa read:— 1st, i rw:-i tbe lleufern Mun « 'paKoJ'n-u. supgthting that n. Qitcling cf ihe scvrrul suburbaji couuc.b ue held, for the purvese of united a 1- -:: in obt.iiint? a .sI,9j ^ anitnduient of tbe Municipalities Ac of ltSP, raid iismintj n*. and hour for tbe proposed meeting. Moved by councillor Hoi w wntli, und resolved, 'That counciliurs biimnuus and Kemp aj.j-nii.u:d to represent thiF municipal council at tbe sud ol l' fcirtj.ee.' In answer lo enquiries, thu chaimian reported be wiittm to Wr. T. W, Smai't, with reference to hit cofttributioo towards the expense of maki'ir street, but bad not bom favoured with a ri mo Two reports from tbe finance committee were brought uj- f1'-* on the motion of councillors Yickcry and Diokson, recommending the following payment* Day labour pay rnet ? F*r ballasting Nelson Road, making Salisbury-street, rep _ Leiohai-dt, Kewland, and Kdmond streets, and the Mso' ? y Road, £C6 1s. lid, : sundry accounts, £24 fis. 8d,, mnaing ?»i payecnts, £89 7b, 7d. A report from improvement commv _ was brought up relative to the sand cutting in Birrell- sm,' |. r to Mr. Spain's property, recommending that tbo ? ; cleared its full width of fixtv-six feet, and tbat the ^uUin?; . then carried back forty feet; tbat fencing be then ereeieu tji . proprietors of the adjaceut Ituidson the nreseut level ot r , close paled, ro as to entirely prevent tbe drift sand Irom on the load way, os at present. Councillor Simmons u»o 'That tPc report from the improvement camw1'^ bo refened hack for further conslda-ation, Couai c» Vickery amoved as an oincudment, 'That whenever - proprietors of the land adjucont 10 the cutting in Birrai-s ? arc willing to erect a substantial close-paled fence upon - boundaries, tenders be called for the removal of the „ exceeding twenty feet back from the boundary lino ou side.' A further amfcidmcnt was aioved by councillor lJ'C _ ' That tenders be invited for the removal of the sana . tutu ting in BirreU-Btreet, twenty feet back from the bouudarrl the road on cither side, aad also for ballabtii.g aid ^yelling ' same,' Both tbeamenaments were negatived, and thereporfc I returned back to the improvement committee for furthor con. atton. A report from improvement committee was broug 1 recommending that ico loads of rabble for various works 01 ^ municipality be quarried in Victoria-street, and that ten° . invited for ttilnworkatperton. On the motion ofcpu-ic»iori hl : the above report was adopted. A report and estimate iro® . 1 acting sum-yor, for filling in the most dangerous pb»c Cowper-street. from Low-r Birrell-streetto Viotona-^tjefW lh0 read, and on the motion councillor Viokery resolvcti, *a .. aurveyor'a estimate be referred back for the purpose or inci tbat portion of Cowper- street from the toll-bar to Lower J» the street, and that the estimate ao amended be aubmittea council at the next meeting.' In purstance - of notiee moved by councillor SimmonB, and resolved, That tao council meetings shall be held every alternate Tuesday, a( . the same be registered as a minute pawed Vy the conncu. oo&oluded; tiie business and tbe coanoU roes. 