\- ' j! CASTLEMAINE -MINING' BOARD; ; / . ' 'WedriesduWSeptem ' Tlio Board 're-asemble'd at 10 n;in.,: Present.: ;.„Tko Chairiniirii Messrs'-Baird, Ottory, Bagshawe,' "Woodburn, and Edwards.-. , Tbo minutes of the; previous day's proceedings' wore read1 and con-' firmed.1'; ¥ r.', > ,;.TBE .LABOUB BASIS;,.. ' , Tho sub.committeo nppointod for tlio purposo' > "brought ' up- their '(report' on'Mx-Wilsdiifa objec- ; tions to! i ' , Mr > 1B,aird;(said,,tho.! sub-comniitt'eo -.had .carq-' 0 fully' considered the > objections urged against thq; 2nd Section of Byb-law'No;'5. . 'SomeAf'tlie > ob-. jections '' /appeared to tlio; 'sub-committee., .so. friyblpus'; J as - > not '.to, "desdr yd" eyon; seripiis, reply .' ; 1 Td.icithers, however,- > categorical-replies'had boen , framed;/ As i;a rcsult-of -tlioir > deliberations, thic, i- sub-ooinmittco'were prepared- to urge' 'that ;eyon > ,'ifthe'%e-kw,'ti'efeiiibt'ip'ttd:'hn;te7djngja«jl ,form ; > jshbuld.bo.pnssed.ih.aimqdified form.'' ' " A cntegbrical, reply to the. > mostmaterial bbjeq- ; tions urged-; wash then-read j wei will give it'dn ' y > our- next: - 'Mr Baird' concluded 'by/ mbring . tbo " adoption of" th'e' > report' wlueh' recqihmeffdea' the ' reductioh of tlie ,'nrea of 2l"ii'ores > to.lO. , ; hj | Mr .Woodburn secohdod ,'tkio /'motion, stating : His reasons > for doing so. While lie submitted to the proposed reduetion/in.tho arqri, > Fe'/only/did ' so in order to conciliate tlio Minister, of Imnesl '.Still, > ho , d id ; nbt bolieyp;. tbut.anyj practical evil woul'4' result : fvoni > .allowing ,.2i ucres (to' be: the ,'maximu'm. -! Hij was. well aware that > thb revenue ;must be protected; but argued tlialt the-behefit to the public > purse wquM ;hve'a ;"wero.'.i adopt'dd,' ; us ''.aVlarger/'yieid of . gold > would bo' tjieiresult'of the. more oxtensive.opera- , tions. ' . . - f " :/ > ' - ';. Mr Edwards objocted to' tho redubtion 'of, the area) regarding!it us > a rbtrbgrbssivo stpp,!( ' : J' The Ohairinun said it was his impression > that; if the Board adhered to tho proposal- for 21 aorcs,'; tho Minister for > Alines would cortninly-advise tho Governor in Council to throw the whole > Bye-, law overboard. Ho further suggested tbo addi- tion ot tuo following clnuso to tlio report : — , Alio hyo-laW: objectod: to restrict applicants to old, abandoned, and impoverished workings, while tho leasing regulations admit of ureas being takon up on now and rich ground! Tho , latter class of land lins in most instances been applied for under, lenses, 'l'bo senle of labour basis to bo employed on new and rich ground, ought, as exporionco has shown, to bo much greator than in old and poor workings." Tho addition was agreed to. At this stage a messenger arrived from Mr Wilson (who was attending a mooting of tho Nowstead Road Board,) asking tlio Mining Board to post pone any action with roforcnco In tho ' " ob jections/' till his arrival by the Maryborough coach. After some discussion it was resolved not to postpone tho debate. Several members cx- Sresscd themselves strongly on the conduct of lessrs. Rowo and Wilson in absenting them selves on such an important occasion, in order- to attend to Road Board business. One momber remarked that, "Mr Wilson evidently hail too muny irons in the fire, and must expect somo of them to burn his fingors." (Langhtor). ' Tho voto wns taken and the report adopted, and ordered to be transmitted io tho Minister for Mines. ' , MONICII'AL COUNCILS V. WABDENS. ' , ! Tho Chairman had been rcquosted to draw up a statement (for submission to the Minister for Minos and tho Law Ollicors of the Crown) upon tho difficulties which havo arisen as to tho juris diction of Councils, Road : Boards and tho Wardens. Ho road- tho document, tho insertion of which also wo aro compelled to postpone. Mr Woodburn moved the adoption tho report, remarking that tho Munioipal Connoil of Paylosford had nevcr.issued permission to mine whonpormission hadheenpreviously grantedby a Warden, vif Baid permission was 'granted prior to tho passing of the Act which- gave municipal and othor bodies power to grant permission to mine on roads ana streets. In all cases care was taken that the parties to whom permission was grantqd-held a minor's right. ..s _ j Mr Ottery seconded the motion, which was carried nem con, '- . ,:rABGUS' HILL BEEF, CHEWTON. ' Tho following memorial wns rend by tho Chair man : — -. : ':> ' . : ' " Wo,' the . undersigned claimholders on tho Argus Hill Reef, Chowlon, bog most rcsp'eotfully ,to, /call- ,;qur attention respocting tho Govern ment having sold o .portion of our claims, and bs itwiU niaterially afioct our working tho 'groun'd to advantage, wd would wish you to take somo action in the matter. We have hold ppscs- sion.'.of - the claims on- tho: above-named ; reef about .two and a-lialf yoar8, and of course, prior to survey of such allotments being' made ; otir reasons for not 'objecting previous to tho day of solo , was, that wo were not . aware that such 'allotments wore for sale until tho evoning of tho day. tlie sale took place, owing to the ground being wrongly described both in the advertise- ment and - plan. Tho day after the solo wq ap plied to Lieut.-Col. Bull, and ho' advised-, :us to send: him' a statement of our: objections, ' which ho would forward to'tho. Government through-' MrBuryeyor Coucbman. Wo did so/ but after whiting for', about a fortnight) and not receiving an answer, \ we again wrotp a state-i ment . of tho ; facts : to the Frosidont of the Board of Land and/Works, but up to tho prq- sont' wo 'havo nbt ' qt / a ; reply: 1 We would, therefore, kindly /solicit" your valuable, assistance and advice, in having the matter settled as soon as possible, as it will in future prevent serious, ana annoying litigations between" the; purchaser , of tho disputed ground and us; which' is s'uro to' tako plaeo, owing: to the precipitato'naturp of the hill, tlio stoines imd 'rubbish irom tho sliiifts; rolling on the said allotments.-!; . .. Wo have the: honoiir to' remain yosr .obedient servants, " " , ; :'/ ,i:.' " v';1""'!. ! Looan, Hunieb & Co,. . : I-/;""" - : -li KSUBSBLL, .FEABCE;'& CO.7 : , The ,Cliiiirman expressed his "fear /that tlio parties could not regain possession,, as' tbo land ' had'- tieoh' Actually J sold'.;/.; Thq /only, thing that could bo donq.wpuld bo to'sheet homo the cbargo to tho,,Go'Tqrhmeu't official with whom tho serious errbrdiad originated./ .Ho feared tho Govorn-' ment "could not be prevailed upon to ' repurchase thednnd: " ' , ri' |J1' / It was resolved, .that a sub-comihittoo should- examine into and qeport : fupon tlio wholo enso," witli -/n.vidw.' Io "itss being brought.; before :tho: Minister!f6r?Mines.' : j/ Messrs. David Logan and Pembcrton Hunter were intrqducpd,,to;tbo. Board/ and stated1 their oaso/ , produbing tho plan of the -. ground. The momhers generally expressed their , ppiniofa that'itwna/'avefyhard' caso.'': ; -Standing orders having. been susponded, Ml" Baird moyod.thb;. first, reading of an- amended byo-law' (section 2, Byo-law 6). Tho necessary formalities having! boon.iPqmpiiqcl with,' the bye- law. was ' oventunlly -jassed in the following; :form:— Byerlaw/!5.Fuddling v(ind Sluicing.-T-, 'Scction'2.Whbrdas-'itis:oxpocliqnt- tbafiord facilities for and to encourage tlio, investment of capitnl ih -To- working of auriferous ulluvialliinds, a'nd;whbre thb'proposed modo of working is such that an expensive race/ or cutting, .or timbering, or; machinery is necessary, 1 every holder of a mihbr.'s right shall be , entitled to , take up, i and hold a , claim, not exceeding ton acres, in extent / and he shall employ on or.in conneotioh . .with ' sucliJclaim oHC person for each acre bo held. : Ho subli claim under this bye-law'shnllBb allowed except on> ground /which., has ,beon previously wbrked'ahd'ab'ahdoned.v -Application according to byo-luiy 13 to. 'be postod for fourteen dnys. i /'/'Mr'raii'l:cdnsenfedU'to,;'itbiis /nibdincation '(wMpbMurgecl by .-Mr Ramsay) .o'n.cbndition !tb'at ,ai, proviso should- bo /inserted; giving the Wardon;power.'to further reduce. tho! number bn -cause being shown. ' ' , " ' : 1 '/ /Tbq .Board adjourned fob .refreshments. /' ' / ; j'V'Oii : 'iesumiiig, . a ' soone bcbutred, in. which M//7Ypbdburu, !: as .dsiial, - -iynb/ the,' prominent actor! ; (We report . this elsewhere.) Yho By q- lawusalteredwasagrcedto.'Afterpassingaunani- mous vote of censiiro ou Mr ' Woodburn for his 'disorderly. .conduct, thb(Bbard adjourned (till, the ,2nd!bf(Nbremberi!-> .//./' -/. ' . i "/..Gastlesiainb . (xAol.— 1 The . foUowing ./is.: thp official statement of-tho number of ' prisoners" in tlie ; -ubovo Gaol, made up to the 22nd inst :-A Pritoners'awaiting(trial/5,; ,bail,;li;!hardlaboaf, 31 ; without'' bird labour,' 21 ; -debtors, "3'; lunatics, »8. f Total : 50 males, '14 "female's. 'In Hospital-:: 3 males,' 4 females."11' / j Tixe'Mamonettks perform .this .evening /in ; the Fall of;tbo j Meohaiiics' Instituto'. / ,We un/ Iderstand 'thai, thb entertainment '-ii of -a very pleasing and unique character. - - : ' ! j: DlSeBAbEFUL"' SCENE 'AT' THE CASTLEMAINE 'Minino BoAnb.— On' the' Bourd resuming yes terday, (after /adjourning for . refreshments) the greatest, uproar ensued, , in, .consequence of the aisbr'deriy and insulting conduct of Mr Wood- burn, tlie -member -for! Hepburn. He was re peatedly called "ib order.by the, Chairman, .(Mr Ramsay, M.L. A.),-, but refused.tp retain ,his.;seat or hold, his tongue. ' He beclorcd that " certain membors, of .the : ;Board- ,had no. honour .'.about; 'th'em,l "' 'TKe words' having been'" bin teied'- '"in tho minute book, the, Chairman ggss formally re-| quested to barry .out the'69th'olause ofthe stand-j ing . orders to the utmost letter thereof and cause Mr' Wdodburh'/ the member;-for Hepburn/ ;to re-! tirebirbm'' the! Board 1 room/ ' Upon 'this .Mr .Wpodburn;, with oharaoteristio violence,1 rcfasod to le'avo the Board room,- and insolentjy1 ignored' the authority of' the Chairman.! It was , then1 suggested1 that a constable should, bo, sent for.1 Eventually, amidst much uproar, itwas resolved,! That Mr Wpodbura, having used -offensive words - regarding membors of this /Board, and' having been censured bv the Chairman und ,'re-i quested to retraet'''ahd' apologise, and 'having; positively refused to -do either, he be informed! thut until he sends into the Board a satisfactory' apology in writing he shall hot be permitted: to' sit or .vote' at the Board) . The , noisy member then reluctantly retired to the great relief of the Board. , ''.'" " ' ' ' ' XAiiS tTH(Jal AJ.''iAXii'AAAisAliiiiiAUU UUUUUUUU' ment that ;tho Ghost would appear at the Castle- maino - Theatre last night was sufficient to on- sure a' largo audience) : The sensation which this novel production has made iu Europe and in these colonies' may bo traced to that lovo of tho supernatural' which pervades society, whether barbarian or civilized. Thero is oyer a desire to penetrate tho mysterous and unveil tlio hidden. Therefore, oven a stage ghost, may, if he assume a novel form, reckon upon a largo audience, and not a few positive admirers. The appcarauco of tho ghosts at tho Theatre last night was thoroughly successful. Wo may, however, sug gest to the management a judicious modification and curtailment of tho introductory scene. Tho landlord and his guest last night were far too vulgar and too lengthy in' their dinloguo. Drunkenness is always somewhat disgusting, but may bo rondorod more so by an exaggerated re presentation on the stage. . Proiessor Schiller, tho " Wizard," desorves commendation for his dextorous sleight of hand tricks. Tho "Lesson in Magic" was a most successful affair. Tlio audience also tostificd their appreciation of various other 'mystifications. Mr Merlin's brief lecture was well roceivdd. On the whole tho ontortaiiimont must bo pronounced a sueecss, and wo have "no doubt his Ghostship will havo numerous visitors during his brief stay in Castle- mnino. One of tho lunatics confined in thoYarra Bend Asylum escaped from his keoper on Tues day morning, and threw himsolf into tho Yarra. .The unfortunate man was not observed , to rise again. Efforts wore made for the recovery of (the bodv. but un to a considerable time after tbo occurrence tjiey were unsucccssfuh- \- Argus, 