NEWS OF THE WEEK. A meeting of squatters interested in the rumbidgee district was held at Messrs Kirk's Ba zaar, a few days ago, to consider the condition of things on one or more stations in the district, upon which several free selectors have taken up thirty or forty-acre allotments, and impounded cattle and horses. A memorial was adopted to the Governor of Now South Wales, but .we can not imagine what relief con be hoped for from bis Excellency in the face of an Act of Parliament. We understands that the committee for the re lief of the suffering cotton spinners of Scotland, remitted the sum of £550 by the Bombay, making a total of £1550 alreody remitted. Wo believe that a further sum of £600 subscribed has yet to be collected. It is probable that the forthcoming encamp ment at the Barwon will be well attended. Returns have already been received at the Volunteer Office of 1000 men being prepared to attend, and it is expected that, when the remain ing returns are received, this number will be increased to 1400. Barnum, Baron Munchausen’s ghost, or the discoverer of the great sea serpent must be amongst hb taking notes. The following in the form of a letter to a town contemporary is gravely going the round of the country press:—“y i have lately discovered in a stony creek, fifteen miles from Castlcmaine, the bodies of three abori gines, quite whole, and not wanting in the smallest details, but which are petrified into solid marble. When X first saw them I thought they were actually alive, until on going closer I noticed the eyes. They ore in a sitting posture, and the veins, muscles, &c.;, may be distinctly traced through what is now a group of stone blocks; they are in a splendid state of preserva tion—even the finger nails, teeth, &c.;, are as per fect as they were 600 years ago. One of them bas a stone axe by his side, without any haft. The writer forgets to mention that the date A.D. 1863 is inscribed in letters of brass on the solid marble. The honorary secretary of the Bendigo Liberal Association has sent us the following, as the pro gramme of the principles and objects of the So ciety: “ The Bendieo Liberal Association is formed for the purpose of securing united action amongst earnest reformers in all matters relating to the representation of the people in Parliament. The primary object of the Association will be the conservation of the system of manhood suffrage, and the complete registration of parliamentary voters. It will be the general object of the Asso ciation to secure the return of members to Parlia ment pledged to support liberal principles, and especially such as have given their adhesion to the following programme;— 1. Payment of members. 2\. Improved land legislation—securing free selec tion and de erred payments. 3. The abolition of state aid Co religion. 4. The honest administra tion of the Common Schools Act. 6. A reform in the constitution of the Legislative Council, by the (reduction of the property qualification, both for members and electors ; by provisions for more frequent elections, and by investing the Governor of the colony with power to dissolve the House. 6. The economical expenditure of public funds. 7. The abolition of the export duty upon gold. 8. The mining interest being of the first importance for the prosperity and continued advancement ot this great country, no person shall be supported by this Association who will not pledge himself to ■use his utmost exertions to bring about such mea sures as will further develope that interest.” The office- bearers are:—President, Henry Lee; Vice- Presidents, R. O. Smith, M.M.B., and Joseph Millen; Hon. Treasurer, John M‘Intyre, J.P.; Hon. Secretary, W. P. Nicholls; and a commit tee of thirty. The Bendigo Advertiser, in mentioning that cotton plants obtained from Brisbane, in Queens land, are now in flower in the Botanic Gardens at White Hills, Sandhurst, states that the seed ob tained from the Melbourne Botanic Garden never came to any good. The director of the garden at White Hills is in hopes of being able to raise some good plants. Theoretically, the seed of the cot ton plant ought to be, and is, considered one that quickly loses its vital force ; but we lately saw Borne seeds of three varieties—Sea Island, New Orleans, and Brazilian cotton, the growth of 1859 or 1860, which had endured the voyage from New Orleans and Rio de Janeiro to England, and was thence carried to Melbourne, arriving in Novem ber, 1862. It was sown by way of experiment. The soil, sturdy, hot, and .dry, was by accident never watered except, once by a slight thunder shower, yet in about ten days the seed all vege tated freely and strongly. The charge preferred some days ago against a member of the Legislature in his local capacity of Chairman of a District Road Board, has been ac cepted and explained by Mr G. G. Morton, mem ber t or Ripon and Hampden, and ex-Chairman of the Ballaarat District Road Boardi At a meeting of that Board, on Friday, a statement of facts by the Finance Committee, at the instance of Mr Morton, was submitted, showing the manner in ■which the honorable gentleman, as late chairman, has dealt with the contractor’s deposits, and Mr Morton is there exonerated ; but it will be seen that the committee admit that “ the manner in which the transfer of the moneys of the contract tors’ deposit account has been conducted has no been business-like, and while they regret that on both sides a certain amount of remissness is ob-* Bervable, they would at the same time state that the result has not been injurious to the public.” It is not surprising that public suspicion should be aroused, when it is admitted that the chairman of a public board has had public moneys placed to what is virtually a private account, albeit even though it be urged that it is for public convenience. It seems to have been the practice of the board, and a most objectionable one, during Mr Morton’s chairmanship, to pay the money deposited by con tractors as a guarantee for performance of works to a separate banking account in the chairman’s name, and on completion of the works, the con tractors were paid by cheque from the chairman. When Mr Motion retired from the chairmanship in November last, there was a balance due by him of £268 63 6d, which he did not immediately re fund because there was a disputed item of £7, Mr Morton having been charged £100 when he only received £93 on the contractor’s account. As a matter of honor between a chairman and a board, one would imagine the settlement of dis- M,uted items ought to have been an affair subse quent to the drawing of a cheque chairman’s duties were officially at an end. The fact that items oould be open to dispute proves the impropriety of any kind of private accounts with the administration of public funds. ~ , , , T The Geelong Exhibition at the Mechanics In stitute closed on Saturday, after a mo rn oderately successful run of six weeks. It is stated that upwards of £6OO have been taken as admission money and for the sale of cata logues. The vacancy in the Australian steam passen ger service, caused by the loss of Royal Charter is about to be filled up. We take the following from the Bristol Post .-" Our fellow citizen Mr Patterson, the eminent ship-builder, has just been entrusted with an extensive order from Messrs James Baines and Co-, the proprie tors of the well-known ‘ Blackball' line of Aus tralian packets, of which the Great Britain, whose continued successful passages to Melbourne every Bristolian must look upon with pride, is the principal ship. Mess. 8 Baines and Co. having purchased a large iron steamer named the Jacquard, of Havre, recently engaged m the French transport service, she has been sent round to this port from Liverpool to be lengthened, thoroughly overhauled, and refitted by Messrs Patterson and Son. The Jacquard is now a vessel of very large size, being 1700 tons register, and her tonnage will be increased to 2100 tons, and her length to 300 feet. She will be supplied with new and powerful engines by Fawcett Preston, and Co., of Liverpool, will be fitted with new masts and rigging, the lower and top masts as well as the yards being of iron, and it is ex pected that the alterations to be made in her will occupy about four months. When finished, she will be one of the most complete, handsomest, and finest steamers that have ever left this port. She is intended for the Australian trade, to run alternately with the Great Britain, doubtless to supply the vacancy occasioned by the loss of the Royal Charter.” Mr W. Stitt Jenkins, not content with the publicity which his poetic effusions find in the colony, forwards to the leading English journals for “perusal and kind insertion” some lines written on the appeal of “A Lancashire Lad,” which had, as he informs his English readers, been sent to Melbourne, and “were there posted on the walls and in the windows of that great city. The Athenaeum was also favored with one of Mr Jenkin’s circulars, which may account for our contemporary’s humorous remarks about Poets Laureate in general, and the Poet Laureate of Victoria in particular —Mr W. Stitt Jonkins to wit. Free and easy notions occasionally prevail as to the rights of property that would almost verify Monsieur Pruhome’s position, that property is theft. At the Creswick Police Court, on Friday, Little, a road contractor, was sued by Birch, a farmer, for damage done by cutting down trees on the plaintiff’s farm. Mr Little wanted some round posts, and Mr Birch's farm, conveniently adjacent, grew them. Mr Little, without regard to meum and tuum, considered he had a right, no doubt, as a kind of public functionary, to help himself. The bench thought differently, and mulcted Mr Little in £2 damages and costs. An instance something more violent though hardly less lawless is reported at Ballaarat. A man named John Rush —what a collocation of names for a punster—was arrested on Friday evening in Dawson street, on a charge of threatening be havior to a number of persona who doubted his authority to chop down fences and smash out houses with an American axe. While being secured he was so violent that he seized hold of a man’s thigh with his teeth, and bit through the trousers until the blood flowed in profusion- After a long correspondence, persistently main tained by the applicant on the one hand, and evasively replied to by the Board of Land and Works on the other, a lease of 1 acre 1 rood and 28 perches of land, on the south side of the Yarra, near the falls, has been promised to Mr Martelli for the purpose of erecting a paper mill, at a yearly rental of £6O, with the use of the water in the river not exceeding 30 cubic feet per second. As, however, the sluice which would be required to convey the water from above the falls to the mill would have to pass along a road at present under the control of the Municipal Council of Emerald Hill, permission will be required from the Emerald Hill authorities before anything can be done. Captain Maryatt told a humorous story illus trative of the Yankee passion for law evasion. Law ordained in a certain State that dogs should be muzzled, and the ingenious republicans affixed the muzzle not to the heads but to the tails of the law cared for animals. In short the law, thanks to the prescient genius of the law-maker, was obeyed to the letter, but quite curtailed, so to speak, of its spirit. Turn which way we will, wherever the Land Act has provided anything for the public good, we find the same perverse spirit at work to set it at naught. At Lamplugh, in the Talbot district, the boen of free-grass to the working miner has been rendered worse than a dead letter through the mismanagement, or worse, of the Lamplugh Common. Early in August last, managers were appointed by the Mining Board to administer the trusts created by the Land Act of 1862. The letter, spirit, and intention of the clause of this Act referring to gold-fields com mons is that the miner should not merely enjoy the advantages of free grass for cattle adequate to supply his rising family with dairy produce, but that his rights should be protected against his hitherto implacable enemy, the squatter. But the miners' common has been invaded by all the squatocracy of the neighborhood without let or hindrance, the managers looking quietly on and doing nothing—not even after a squatter’s shep herd had told the miners, who kicked against the injustice, that he had orders from the superin tendent “ not to leave a blade of grass for a dig ger’s goat on the common.” Against this scandal ous abuse of the public trust the miners have memorialise! the Mining Board, praying that Mr Michael Smith may be dismissed on the ground of non-residence, and Mr Robert Thomas through being imeompetent by education and experience to administer an important public trust. Further Crown land sales took place at Hamil ton last week, when a considerable quantity was sold in small allotments to separate purchasers. la the sale of land* in the parish of K«n& \\\ alia, county of Dundas, we observe that as agent Mr J S.. Clarke has again been a large purchaser. On behalf of MrW. Skene he has secured upward of 1700 acres, and about the same quantity tor Messrs JB. and A. Austin. There is no foundation for a statement made bv the Ballaarat Tribune that hie Excellency Sir Henry Barkly intends to go to England by the Great Britain. It is true, as stated by Jho Tribune, that Captain Timmins has engaged cabins in that vessel but for members of his own family. The monthly meeting of the Melbourne Anglers' Society was held at Marshall's Hotel, on Monday. Lieutenant-ColonelHoss occupied the chair, and about eight or ten members were pre sent. The consideration of the time when, ana place where the proposed pic nic should take place, was postponed till the next meeting, borne of the members reported that the season had been very unfavorable for angling, and it was on this account the consideration of the pic-nic was postponed. It was also reported that a great many young Murray cod had been seen on the upper Yarra, and some of the members of the society had caught them, but im mediately restored them to the stream. It was stated, however, as a matter of regret, that other persons fishing on the river had not acted in such a discreet manner. The Murray cod were des cribed to be very numerous at the mill-race on the upper Yarra. A resolution was passed making members of the press hon. members of the society, and the proceedings then termi nated. The Geelong schoolmasters held an adjourned meeting at the Mechanics' Institute, on Saturday afternoon, when the committee appointed at the general meeting held on the previous day sub mltted the memorial they were deputed to draw up to Mr Heales. This was unanimously ap proved of and adopted, as expressing the views of the whole body of teachers in the district. The chairman, Mr MTntosh, was instructed to sign the memorial on behalf of the teachers, and to forward it to. Mr Heales. He was also requested to send copies of it to those members of Parlia ment who had assisted in passing the Common Schools Bill, and to request these gentlemen to co-operate with Mr Heales in any steps he might think proper to take, when the Educational Bill came before the Assembly. In the Assembly, on Tuesday, Mr Higin botham called attention to the injustice that was done to Brighton, in excluding it from the postal limits of the city of Melbourne, the result of which was that while letters to Williamstown, which was within the limits, were only charged 2d, those to Brighton were charged double that rate. Dr Evans replied that the new Postal Bill was already in type, and would in the course of a few days be laid upon the table of the House. He said it was a bill which would enable the department to make considerable altera tions in the postal arrangements, and that unless they were prepared to have a uniform rate of post age throughout the colony, they must draw the line somewhere, which in this case hud unfor tunately excluded Brighton. He said be desired to see a uniform rate of postage throughout the colony| not exceeding 2d, but before that could be done, they would have to provide for a defi ciency in the postal revenue of £35,000, which would arise therefrom if the number of letters was not increased. By a proclamation in the Government Gazette of Tuesday, the allotments of land remaining unseleoted in the various agricultural areas are withdrawn from selection. We understand that Mr James Smith has been appointed by the Government to the office of Parliamentary Librarian. The salary is £7OO per annum. This, we imagine, will be a more agree able duty than going to England to vindicate the Exploration Committee. A new industry is reported from the Hunter river, which will be more interesting to beauty that loves adornment, thin to the admirers of ripe peaches. A Hunter river chemist, according to the Sydney Morning Herald, has discovered a sys tem of distillation, by which he obtains an extract from the blossoms which has the property of re moving freckles, sunburns, and the irritation con sequent upon the bites of the mosquitos. It also prevents, says the historian of this new invention, their bite if used before they apply their fangs. The increasing popularity of the Sea Bathing Company’s establishment at Sandridge must be highly gratifying to all who study or value public health. The number of bathers this season is con siderably in excess of any corresponding period of its history—especially during the three first days of this month—nearly 3000 persons having, patronised this sanitary institution. Some fifteen or sixteen rules nisi have been ob-' tained within the last few days, granted at the instance of Messrs Edingender, Charsley and Liddie, for whom the Minister of Justice ap peared, prohibiting Mr Rede, the Sheriif at Gee long, and others, from all proceedings to decide' by a jury as to who are the claimants of certain portions of land selected under the recent regula tions of the Land Act in the Geelong district. The rules are returnable about the end of March. The grounds submitted were that where there were more than two applicants for land and the question was decided by lot, the parties could not afterwards call upon the Sheriff to summon a jury and adjudicate. Such at least was Mr Wood's argument. If the tailor does not exactly make men in these parts, he has a good deal to do with martial move ments. A gallant but coatless corps, not far frem the good town of Ballaarat, sat in Council on Monday night, to determine whether the corps should, or should not go to the approaching Bar won encampment. There was every disposition 10 show their country their readiness for the field, but there was one fatal difficulty—the authorities had only just sent up the tailor to take the measures for the new uniform. The question of the Governor’s right to lay on the table of the Assembly messages, otherwise than by one of his Executive Council, or a mem ber of the House, was the subject of a debate which occupied the Assembly from the hour of adjournment—seven p.m. on Tuesday evening— until a late hour on Wednesday morning, when a motion by Mr Ireland for a select committee to inquire into the subject was carried by a majority of 32 to 19. All real argument on the question was iermlnated*nt an early hour by Mr Higinbotham, who clearly showed that by the standing orders o( the Assembly* his Excellency had this right. The larger questions respecting the Governor** constitutional relations to the House* and the expediency of his having this right, he submitted were not before the House, M they did not appear on the face of the resolution. The various members of the Ministry persisted in pressing these considerations, arid a* Messrs Ireland, Lolor, and AspinaU, whose name* were proposed on the committee, had already, the course of the debate, prejudged the question in a manner adverse to his Excellency, Mr Heals*, who coincided w>th Mr Higinbotham in opinion, and had received no notice from Mr Ireland that his name would appear on the committee, de clined to allow it to remain there. Mr Verdon took the same course, and the Government, after numerous motions from the Opposition for adjournment, to permit of the thorough discussion of the question, wore compelled to omit these names, and substi tute for them the names of Dr Evans and Mr Mol- Uson, who then, in conjunction with Messrs Ire land, Aepinsll, Lalor, Howard, and Nicholson (all on the Government side of the House) formed the committee directed to report on the subject. The intentions of the Government, with regard to this committee were thus foiled. Its report can have no weight, with the House, and the whole question will have to rc-argued again and more completely. In fact, its appoint ment (as amended by the withdrawal of Mr Heales and Mr YerdOn from it) resulted in elici ting only laughter from both sides of the House. A sale of Crown lands in fee simple was held at the District Survey Office, Ballaarat, on Tuesday. There was a brisk competition for the town lots, but some valuable country lands only brought the upset price; for others there was no offer, and ‘for none was there 'any adequate competition. The proceeds of the sale amounted to £1690 9a. We understand that the bon. Robert Thomson, chairman of committees in the Legislative Coun cil, has commenced an action against the Mel bourne Railway Company for injuries sustained in the collision which took place in May last, on the Brighton line. Damages have been laid at £5OOO. , , . ■ The Victorian newspaper being in difficulties, it is proposed to form a joint stock company with a capital of £3OOO to carry it on. A prospectus has been issued in which are the names ot' Mr Hugh Glass, Mr Martin, J.P., Mr Hanify, Mr P. Higgins, and Mr D. F. O’Connor, as provisional directors. A Brigade Order was issued on Wednesday from the Volunteer Office, containing, the arrangements made for the conveyance of the Volunteer force and their baggage to the encampment at the Barwon. The Colonel Commanding Volun teers and several officers of his staff have visited Geelong several times, in order to make the necessary arrangements. The site for the camp has been fixed on the gentle slope below the eastern side of the Botanical Gardens. The right of the camp will rest on an enclosed paddock, placed at the disposal of the authorities for the cavalry by Mr Cowie; while Lieutenant* Colonel Rede, with the assistance of the Mayor, has undertaken to clear the ground of broken bottles, bones, and other rubbish. The camp is not placed in a position, with a view to defence, but has been selected as the most con venient site for the purpose. On Tues day, Colonel Anderson, accompanied by Lieutenant- Colonel Scratchley, of the Royal En gineers, arrived in Geelong from Melbourne, to give directions connected with some of the opera tions. The grand field day will be on Friday, the 13th inst,, on the ground extending between the banks of the Barwon and Moorabool, from Levien’s Bridge up to Fyansford. Application has been made for the use of the reserve attached to the Orphan Asylum, where his Excellency and staff will take up position for viewing the opera tions. From this spot, commanding as it does a full view of the valleys of both rivers, the public will have a splendid position to see the sham fighting. The Ballaarat authorities have been making an onslaught against Sunday traders. On Tuesday several barbers, butchers and tobacconists were summoned by the police. ‘ The Act under which the complaints were brought left the police magis trate no option but to inflict a penalty of £6, and not wishing to mulct the defendants in this sum, he counselled the Withdrawal of the complaints on the defendants paying 6b costs, to which they readily agreed. Th, recent extremely warm weather has been very prejudicial to health, and productive of mortality among the infantile portion of threom munity. Oh Monday the deaths of ten children were registered at Ballaarat, all of whom were under eighteen months old. , The causes of death were diarrhoea and dysentery. ; i.i The collision case of the Ketnbla and Hunter steamers still excites great interest in Sydney. The journals ; are v half filled- with the lengthy evidence taken by the Steam Navigation Board, which is illustrated by diagrams. The accident, keeping out of view all notions of neglect, was indeed on extraordinary one- Neither fog nor storm brought the Kemble and'the Hunter into collision. The night was dear ; the sea, was comparatively calm; the two vessels distinctly saw each other when they were at least six miles apart; and they steamed for at least twenty minutes before they crashed together. It is mani fest, then, that the disaster was the result 1 of blundering seamanship, on one side or the other. The board has pronounced judgment against the Kembla.o The usually quiet Municipal Council of Sand hurst had rather an animated meeting on Tues day, when the chairman’s mode of signing the memorial to the Governor came up for. discussion. It was, in short, a small attempt on the part of a Government faction to introduce their sectarian politics into the Council. The worthy chairman was censured in very bad grammar, and .his Ex cellency the Governor will be informed in due course of the bad taste and bad spirit which have crept into the Municipality of Sandhurst. A Castlemaine evening contemporary, chroni cling the presence in a local court of “ quite a galaxy of talent” in the long robe, remarks that “ the result was a series of brilliant flashes of legal wit, very refreshing in these matter-of-fact times.” It is surely churlish, not to say selfish, that he'has not illumined his pagea and the world with a single sparkle. ■, Sir Stuart Donaldson, at an English agricul tural meeting, discoursing on the qualities of Australian wool, happily drew from Virgil this lively picture of out clime and country:— « Hlo vor assldonm, atquo alicuia mensibus rostas Bis gravidas peoudas, bis pomia utills j Hoc csdcm argonti, rivos iDriaquo motalla ; Oitondlt veins, atquo nuro plurima flusit,” Which he rendered thus, — Perpetual spring is here, and summer reigns In mouths beyond her own. The cattle twice Are pregnant; twice the trees boar useful fruit; Metallic veins of copper, and white streams Of silver glisten here: and hero ho less The golden ore In richest current flows. A meeting of the Melbourne Licensed Victual lers’ Association was held on Wednesday, in the Adam and Eve Hotel, for the purpose of pre senting a memorial to Detective Charles BlacV, for his skill and the effective discharge of. his duties as a detective officer of police, in capturing two noted thieves named George W. Cheater and James Bavistook, who had stolen property to the value of over four hundred pounds from the houses of Messrs William Tilke, John Gisby, Wil liam Brandt, and William Evans, members of the association. The President, Mr Cooper, occupied the chair. The chairman, with a few appropriate remarks, presented Mr Black with the memorial, which wag signed by himself, the vice-president, and secretary of the association, andalso with a purse of sovereigns, the gift of the members. Mr Black in accepting the presents, thanked the meeting for the honor that had been conferred upon him, and trusted that so long as he continued in the force, he would be able to discharge his duties through the able guidance of his superior officer, to the satisfaction of the department, and of the general public. • He requested that, in accordance with the rules in the force, the Chief. Commissioner should be made acquainted with the presents which had been made to him, so that he might be able to receive them with his entire concurrence. That request, the chairman assured him, would be complied with. Mr Black's health was then drunk with all the honors. Various other appropriate toasts followed. The Talbot Leaner states that forty-two busi ness persons and miners from Inglewood, Bal laarat, and Talbot, whose individual weallh ranges from £4oQl> to £15,000, have taken passage for England by the Agincourt. A curious complaint in the administration ot justice is made by the Daylesford Express. The Daylesford public have not been suffering as in other places from magisuates who neglect their duties, but from the want of proper forms for issuing police court summonses. The Express states that a tradesman who had several sum monses to issue and could not get any forms to fill up, had to go to the cost of having a num ber of forms printed for his own use. The second annual meeting of the “ Soci6tc de Secours” took place on Tuesday evening in the Protestant Hall. The French Consul, as president of the society, occupied the chair, and read the annual report. He stated that the Imperial Government had much approved of this society, and pointed it out in the Moniteur as a very good example for others to follow. Three branch societies have been established this year in the interior of Victoria, and contributions have been already received from them. The hon. secre tary and treasurer then produced the accounts. There had been during the past year thirteen ap plicants for relief, eleven of whom had received help at the hands of the society. The balance shows a sum, sufficient to provide for any emer gency. We observe from complaints in the New South Wales journals, that the squatters, especially in the Southern districts, are trying what they can do to injure the free selectors by means of the Impounding law. The Sydney Morning Herald draws conclusions complimentary to its own sagacity in predicting such a result from the open ing up of the country to agricultural industry. Restriction it holds to be far better than wrangling and revenge, and the Herald now comes forward in the novel character of the poor man’s friend. It is sad to think of the tears of the Sydney broadsheet for impounded free selectors. To judge, however, from the lamentations of this organ of pastoral peace, a stranger might imagine squatters to bo the reverse of the pastoral charac ter, and New South Wales a land without either law or justice. Australia ought to feel deeply indebted to Eng land for the notions of our reformatory power, and for the kindly contributions of surplus population of the erratic. First we had our regular ship load supplies of the convicted rascality of Old England. Then, when Imperial legislation abolished transportation by law, parental au thority shipped • us no end of refractory Young England to reform, or keep out of the way of doing mischief at home. Generous Mother country now sends us boy husbands, legally ab ducted from wives old enough to be their mothers. Quite a tale of romance was unfolded on this head in the awful Court of Sir Cresswell Cresswell, on the 15th of November last, with an Australian episode. Mr Arthur Henry Beavan, a ward of Chancery, at the mature age of sixteen, entered into the holy state of matrimony with a lady of uncertain age, who might, according to evidence, once have been eight and twenty, but with a maximum margin moderately stated at six and thirty, and a character less doubtful than her age. The marriage, of course, offended the friends of the silly youth, and the following high-handed { proceedings were adopted. We take the facts j from the evidence of'the stern functionary of the j law, who was the active instrument in separating May from December. Policeman Hows, who J told his story with as little sentiment, and with the sententious brevity of a flinty father oii the stage, stated that in December last, in conse quence of instructions he had received, he looked fox Mrs Beavan, and on the 2nd he found her liv ing with her husband at No, 6 Victoria terrace, j Camden Town. Followed them on the 22nd to j the Court of the Master of the Bolls, and saw the petitioner go in.to the judge’s private room. I Afterwards he accompanied the petitioner to the chambers of his uncle, Mr Charles Beavan, in Stone-buildings. There saw young Mr Beavan’s mother. Was called in, and in the petitioner's presence received directions from the uncle and mother to take him to Liverpool. The young man said nothing. He afterwards asked witness < what he was going to do with him at Liverpool. Told him he did not know, and that ins unde would tell him. He said, “X won’t go," Replied that if he resisted'he should put handcuffiuoh him. He said nothing to that/ Took him f to Crewe the same night, and the next morning went on with him to Liverpool. He went quietly..« His mother and uncle were with him. At Liverpool witness slept in the same room with him. Piit him oh board the Victory, Captain Jones, bound for Melbourne, and stayed with him until the ship sailed. Took the petitioner into custody without a warrant, and on the authority of the uncle alone. No charge was made against the young man. As some may imagine that those despotic proceedings were hardly consistent with law in the head quarters of English freedom, let us explain that they were done in the venerable name of equity. The hapless husband, being still an infant, owed allegiance, even to the severance ot tender matri monial ties, to that awful potentate the Lord High Chancellor. Peter Baron Matthews, clerk to the solicitor of the family, has some further expla nation on this point. He served the parties with an order of the Court ot Chancery. Was present when they were examined on the 22nd of Decem ber, 1860, before the Master of the Rolls., ,The Master spoke to young Beavan’s wife of, the contempt of which she had been guilty in marry ing a ward of Chancery without its sanction. The Master of the Rolls ordered him into the custody of his guardians, and directed that they should have power to send him abroad. iSxile meantime had doubtless reconciled the junior turtle-dove to single blessedness, for we find him petitioner in a divorce suit. It is clear from the evidence that the senior in the, hymeneal partner ship had not taken the parting very much to heart, for Sir -Cresswell used plain de scriptive language concerning her, and thought he should be exercising a wise discretion in granting young Benedick the relief he sought. A decree niti wound up the romance. We presume Mr Beavan is no longer in exile, but if still a resident amongst us, and, holding to ancient tastes, in the matrimonial way, it may be in teresting to ladies of uncertain age to know that he is in that happy state that puzzled the in quisitive Yankee—neither bachelor, married, nor widower. 