MA.RY JANE. . I ?. (From, the Spectator, August 10 [ " MART JANE" is a new and byno means trivial sign of this slip-shod and uneasy age, in that half | articulate and pathetic aspeot of it in which it trios to make up by'esg'r jet» of sceptical superstition for a relaxed/a^th and troubled dreams.1 We have from time toi time «drawn attention lo the curious epidemic, or ,'perhaps vre, should ra'her say, with the medical men, '' sporadic" appearances of a sort of materialistic fanatioism-tba dreary half faith in Zadkial and his astrology, the social ex ci ement which hummed and buzzed the other day; even in a court of jus ice, round the magic crystal, the mysttcil animal magnetism which formed the centre of fascination in Sir Bulwer Dytton's .« htrange^Story,", the rap'd growth of ghost literature, the physical convulsions attending the last religious " Revival," and, above all, the chronia and. growing euporstition which for the last ten years has constantly been breaking out, subsid- ing, and again breaking out w\th ever fresh vigour, about table turning^ mediums' spirit photographs, and the rest, und which recently centred reund Mr. D. D. Home. "Of all this species of delirium " Mary Jane" is, we think, by tar the most charac- teristic result. Mary Jane is both a book and a creature, the book of conrso, deriving i's title from the creature. We say " a crea'uro," not a woman, because Mary Jane is authoritatively pronounced in the book, after a study of her charactor during several months, to be an " intelligent vapour" emanating from the ¡"medium," but also very much affected in intellect by the minds of those present at the seance, whether mediums or not. We are alt of us regarded as vapor us, but Mary Jane is not su p poscd(to be an independent vapour, only a vapour of u vapour, existingapparently for only a few minutes, or at most h urs, , together, during what is called a seancejereated out of the physical and mental powers and qualities, whether conscious or un conscious, of those who take part in it, but ceasing to exist wlien tbe medium goes to sleep, or prob- ably whan she ,breaks up her seance. In short, the author of the volume now before us, who has christened this,i'¿mpt.rary intelligence, of Ina wife's oroatiDg, Mary -Jane, might we 1 boro added the surnámoJ FiaukenB'Oin, lor she, he, or it, corres- ponds , with'1 tolcrablo accuraoy to that extra- ordinary ' conception, and may,* we think, very likely one day 'um and repd in spme unexpected way its mistress or( master.' But it is time we gove our rendais some intelligible account 'of this new, hu ¡striking y significant incoherence of Our age. The book called »« Mary Jane," in which we find the ao'coutlt of the creature Mary Jane, is an anonymous volume of a largo size, on hand- some paper, and published' at the great price of one (.nineo, adorned with colored lithographs, said to befao limilês of (Mary Jane's work. It is called V3i>ja'ryJ Janet; or, spiriiualisu. chemically i txpla?ned,° with* spirit drawings. Also, Essays and 1 deas (perhaps erroneous), by a Child at t-cliool.", .Our1, first impression was so strohg that an anonymous volume-pub ished at BUCII a price was a moio dovice for gotiing money by trading oh the c cduhty of tbe public that we refuse lo pay the guino» and depart ; but some ol tho passengers werbad seen teemed so curiously symptomatic of s'neere ma eiiahsm groping about amid a considerable HIBBS of scientific knowledge, îliut we relqctnntly bought iliia puinoi-worth of signs of tho times after a'l, believing that it was probably not mount as a fraud on the publie, Tfhile it du give a real glimpse io'o the distráete.* mind of the day, AnfT no one, we think» who should come across this eccentric work and rrally read it, will iloubt that " Mar? Jane" is written by some one who expresses real ideas and impressions, though some of the impressions seem very lunatic impressions indeed. The writer has obviously a respectible knowledge of chemistry, has been apparently a surgeon in the East Indies, and belongs to that curious school of flippant material- istic scepticism which residence in that strange land so often seems to foster among Englishmen, ' side by Bide with the ¡ntensest form of Ca vinistic dogmatism. This is exactly suih a b)ok incoherent and vain, as well as materials'ic-which the laie General Jacob, had* he been as much of a chemist as this writer, might bave written. But it is its ex'raordihery disjointedness, rawness, material sm and levity, interspersed with shrewd soicntic observations and a genuine interest in science, which make the curi- ons physioo-spiritualism of its conclusion the more remarkable as a token of the drift of our modern scepticism. Nearly three-fourths of it are taken up with disjointed observations in favour of ma- terialism, generally dotted with acute remarks, but sometimes abruptly broken by anecdotes, apropos of nothing, which t_e writer has entered in his diary during his travels in Italy or the East. In the last quarter of the book he sud- denly enters, at the request of a distinguished spiritualist, Mr."Wason (wo believe of Liverpool), on tbti examination of sprit-tapping with the avowed view of refuting it, when, as the book says, his wife suddenly becomes a medium, the tables are turned on him in his own house, and he enters on a series of experiments in ended to investigate the nature of the new power, and, if possible, îeconcile the facts with his old theory that human, intellect is a highly eleotric form of phosphorus, iodine, chlorine, «fco. The pheno- mena themselves are the old old 'binge-a palpi- tating table knocks all over the room, intelligent replies to questions mentaland written, the swinging of a z no pla' e in the air which was strung up to the ceiliDg-spirit driwings with and without the aid of pencils-and, finally, spirit paintings, made on paper which was Beales up during the operation, of various flowers, bands, and so forth-paintings wholly unremarkable except for the asserted process (which we have to take on fat h from an anony- mous writer) by whioh they were produoed. The phenomenon, however, on which the author ponnoes as a clue to everything, is, that the medium's hands, when closely pressed together in tho dark, became phosphoresoent, and bad all the smell of phosphorus, the smell disappearing direotly (he pressure ceased. This induced him to regard the phenomena aá due to aa "intelligent vapour," chiefly consisting of phosphoric elements," his view of the "intellectual elementa of which WA shall explain directly. This intelligent vapor he baptises as " Mary Jane,'' so convinced is he that it is intelligent : " This matter had to be investiga'ed chemically, and this new being had to be christened ; for, as I did not wish to make a single false step, even in nomencl turo ; an ' as I had no proof whatever of ita being a spirit in the sante usml y attributed to that word-that is, the soul of a departed person -and, as I had already one c ear cause for the movements of the tab'e, in the s me emanations from the human body which produce mesmeric sleep end the (probable) sleep of the i sensitive plant, I did not chopas to embarrass my ee'f with two causes, even by the adoption of a name, until intimate scientific conviction should oblige me to. Still, an intelligent being, to be talked to, must have a name, and the house was full of children from school, and country servan* s. How it waa I don't know-having tio relatives, nor knowing any lady of that name,-but I christened-the. new comer ' Mary Jane,' and it answered to Mary Jane, and from that time for. wtu* %r"r" jane in8 oeEn wjtu us at an t¡me we choose to talk ».». i d h repeatedly called for the alphabet, anï 'givji. V.1 ^^nal "ble, opinion on the subject we were discusa-ajg, when we did not think of appealing to her. You may be sure that, on finding a third party s? un- expectedly domiciled with us, we asked k every possible'question, and we received roplies, the sense and accuracy of which pleased and startlod us, as clearly proving a distinct i and' partia ly super- liumoa intelligence." ' ' Mary Jane, it seems, at first always wantod tho presenoe of some one .with drawing power in order to be able to draw, of historic knowledge in order to be able to talk history,'of musical power in order to be able to play music, but could,- after sufficient practice, manage these operations in the absence of these specialities-that is, though the invisib'e hand oould not at first play the guitar .without a musical organisation in the room, nor at first draw ' its"pictures beneath tho tabkV without a pictorial person in' the room, nor take an interés' in East Indian sub - jects without some Bast Indian influença in the room--yet when Mary'Jane had done a 1 these things through the medium, assisted by time other odyllie forces, frequently, then, it seems, she could do thom again, though more slowly and with moro difficulty, drawing power, and^ with historical power to draw from." She had borrowed by tilt time a li tie of these various1 ody lie re- quisites, and stored them up in her medium's or ganisat'on for use when tho other auxiliaries were absent. Mary Jane oould not only effect in action wha*. her frionds could not manage to do at all,, but she oould discern accurately things far above the conscious knowledge of any one present, stating, for instance, always accurately the number of minutes before a given lady's carriage would arrive. " Our Mary. Jane," says the author, " delights in accompany- ing the violin or the guitar in the fastest waltz, in playing cards and dominoes, and in making very smart answers to any remarks ad , dressedvto her, and when weare alone gives her opinion respecting persons and things in the most' unreserved manner ; but as to her having at any time been the douizomof any-other corporeal body, than that whioh \she noW has [the medium's,'^ve concludi)], our evidence} Carry tlieniöst profound conviction io, our¡mind,of, the contrary." And the author ho'd?, aa we know, IhatiMary Jane is an " intelligent vapora'generated from his'wtfe's body ,btit tlie'charactcT of her intelligence7 idflrie'nried by other perspns in' thp roora., ;'iÁ modiutn,">ho says, "is a thinking boing, who holds conversation withanother < being > which J hasiheen, eliminated from h r body, but which is' totally distinct ,fïom ' her body,'aSdistinct'as tho^luld at; tbe. breast,is from the mother, and exists, just as tho, child, on ; condition of.tho supp'y of nutriunent being kept np ; ?and thid boiflá'js oomposcd'of noth.irlg'ehe but the Vapours which hare emanaied frd|iï flin medium's tbody, ami ¿his being can'tell ^the medium, tbingi which hoc own faculties .'aro unequal to." Mary Jane dies {pro temporey when the medium sleeps ; is wpak 'when tbe medium is hungry ; grows strouger whon¡ the medium has eaton uud bad wine -and- we suppOBo from tho instinct of self pre servation-very much objects to the medium's going tp bed, because that is tomporary dea h fur Mary Jane. Mary Jano also dislikes an eye upon ber operations, indeed frequently stnpB when the gin ar upon which she plays is looked at-whioh is dne, it seems, pot to feminine modesty, but, as I the HU h<>r thinks, to a magnetic ray winch the eye I sends for h counteractive of (he odylHo emanation. The way the philosopher ' explains Mary Jane's superiority in knowledge and perception to ber parent, is by citing the old s "ory abou* the boy who could not write his Lath exercises at all while he was awake, and who waa seen by his schoolmaster to get out of of bed and write beautiful Latin dur- ing his sleep. Mary Jane borrows so rnuoh from the hidden unconscious part of the medium's mind -the path beneath consciousness, where all our old memories are buried and whence all our auto- matic vital powers are, accord ii g to this gentle- man's theory, directed-as to make quite a new creature o' her, and tben, as she consists of pure nerve-power, instead of mere awkward senses, she ia, of course, more rapid and delioate in her move- ments. He farther believes that the " intelligent vapour" consists largely of phosphorus. The brains of insane people, he says, are overcharged with phosphorus, of idots underchaged ; and a full charge, not overcharge, is needful to excits the ac- tivity of the life beneath consciousness. Wben the medium was ill with slight inflammation of the lungs (when phosphorus ¡B deficient, since it is the medicine given to cure it) no manifestations ODuld be got out of her. There was no* sufficient phos phorns to nourish Mary Jane ; a wet nurse or new medium would have produced, perhaps, a new crea- ture, but not Mary Jane-and she could not be brought up by hand. o she wss suppressed till the langs got well. Smothering Mary Jane ia we suppose scarcely infanticide. But if this gentle- man's theory were to gain ground, quite a new branch of ethics would spring up t' wards these poor dependent ereatnros. Seances would become aois of benevolence, and refrai nina from seances a kind of orime-" cruelty to Intelligent Vapour*." In the confusions, or, as Mr. Carlyle would, call it, the manifold welter of vain lunacies in* this loose and distracted world of ours, snrely "Mary Jane has reached the o'¡max of absurdity and'yet pathos. We oan scarcely believe the tnokamere fraud, in spite of its anonymousnesB, because there is BO much mixture in it of personal, cha- racter and real materialist dogmatism by this ?. Child at School." Mary Jane referred in one plaoe to the second lobe in the dual constitution of the brain ; in another, to the latent or unconscious life which is spontaneous and automatic, but be- yond our control, and always regarded as an " in- telligent vapour," is surely the onthnsia of 'the ma'erlalistio spiriualism. Mary Jane, in fact, differs, only from the medium herself, ia 'our author's view, in being more temporary. " Our Mary Jane" is a s oondory intelligent vapour, wbioh, happily phosphorescent, springs out iron, the prim- ary (the bodily medium) in order to pslnt' secret pictures and playón the guitar, and which van« ¡shea away as soon as the primary intelligent vapour subsides into the state'called B'eep; and when she returns she is no longer the same intelli- gent vapour as before, bnt a new one, destitute of personal identity. But the naront medium,' or primary intelligent vapour, differs only from the secondary by being rather longer before subsiding into the sleep called death ; and so the universo altogether is but a crowd of vapours, which in ita totality of effluvium may, perhaps, deserve'a divine name and personality-about as much aa Mary Jane. Wild and destructive as the bbok is, it seems to us, on that very account, to carry oat the ideas of the materialistic spiritualism in a way which makes it the high- tide mark of'one of the most striking sporadic tendencies of the day. These lunacies or frauds, or half-frauds half-luno. - . eies, are the discordant notes of an age which cannot trust in God and yet cannot tell bow to do without Him-that has begun with believing God an " Intelligent Vapour," and thence very,wisely and legitimately concluded that we are all of u» but fraotions of an inte'ligent vapour,i which *- continueth but a little time, and then vahisbcth away." i T 