THE ONLY DAUGHTER. " 'Tis a girl, my lord : my lady has a daughter. "Heaven be praised !" said the discontented father of six unruly boys. "Now I shall have some- thing gentle to love. Small comfort to me, those boys ; house topsy-turvy from morning till night, with their guns, fishing tackle, pointers, setters, hounds, spaniels, and what not. Tom's college bills perfectly ruinous—horses, suppers, and cigars, all lumped under the general heading of etcerus ; I understand it all—or my purse does ! But this little, gentle girl—climbing upon my knee, making music and sunshine in the house with her innocent face and silvery laugh—this little human blossom by life's rough and thorny wayside, she'll make amends. I'm not the happiest husband in the world ; my heart shall find a resting-place here. She must be highly educated and accomplished ; I shall spare no pains to effect that. Ah, I see, after all, I shall have a happy old age." Very lovely was the little Cecilia. She had her mother's soft hazel eye and wavering auburn hair, and her father's Grecian profile. There was a winning sweetness to her smile, and grace and poetry in every motion. It was a pretty sight, her golden tresses mingling with those silver locks, as she rested her bright head against the old man's cheek. Even "the boys" could harbour no anger at her quiet reign. She wound herself quite as closely around their hearts.—Then it was a new tie to bind the sundered husband and wife together. Some- thing of the old byegone tenderness crept uncon- sciously into their manner to each other. It was their idol ; and they pressed her rapturously to the parenal heart, forgetting she was but clay. Tutors and governesses without limit went and came before the important selection was made. Then, so many injunctions ! She must not study so much as to spoil her fine eyes ; she must draw only a few minutes at a time, lest it should cause a stoop in her shoulders ; she must not go out in the sun, for fear of injuring her complexion. She was told every hour of the day of some rare perfection ; now her attitude—then her eyes—then her shape ; she danced like a fairy, sang like a seraph—in short, she only needed wings to make her an angel ! Every servant in the house knew that his or her fortune was made if the Honourable Miss Cecilia was pleased, and shaped their course accordingly. If "the boys" were doubtful of the success of a request, Cecilia was employed secretly to negotiate. The reins of household government were in those little fairy fingers. No wonder Cecilia thought herself omnipotent. No wonder she stood before her Psyche, arranging, with a maiden's pride, those glossy ringlets. Small marvel that she saw with exultation those round, polished limbs, pearly teeth, and starry eyes, and tossed her bright curls in triumph at the hearts that were already laid at her feet. Her mirror but si- lently repeated the voice of flattery that met her at every step. Cecilia was beautiful ! The temple was passing fair ; but ah ! there rose from its altar no holy incense to heaven. Those bright eyes opened and closed like the flowers, and like them drank in the dew and the sunlight, regardless of the Giver. It was Cecilia's eighteenth birthday. The most expensive preparations had been made to celebrate it. She was to electrify the beau monde with her de- but. A gossamer robe, fit for a Peri, silvery and light, floated, soft as a fleecy cloud, around her. Gems and jewels would have been out of place be- side those starry eyes. Nature's simplest offering, the drooping lily, blended with her tresses. The flush of youth and hope was on her cheek ; her step was already on the threshold of that brilliant, un- tried world, which her beauty was to dazzle and conquer. Other sylph-like forms were there, and bright faces, that made sunlight in happy homes, but the peerless Cecilia quenched their beams on that happy birthnight. The proud father looked on exultingly. "Beautiful as a dream !" echoed from one end of the saloon to the other. His eye followed her, noted every glance of ad- miration, and then he said to himself, "The idol is mine." Say you so, fond father ? See, her head droops heavily—her limbs relax—she has fainted ! They gather round her—they bathe her pale face and powerless hands ; then they bear her to her dress- ing-room, and she lies on that, silken couch, like some rare piece of sculpture. The revellers disperse, the garlands droop, darkness and silence reign where many feet tripped lightly. The physician sits by the bedside of his fair patient, and, with mistaken kind- ness, he says to the frantic parents, "She will be easier soon, she will be free from, pain to-morrow ;" and then he leaves her with the anxious watchers. Morning dawned. Yes, Cecilia was "better"— so her father said—and she sat up, and put her fair arms about his neck, and called him "her own dear father !" and he smiled through his tears, and parted the bright, damp locks from her brow, and said, "She should have another ball, gayer than the last, and look lovelier than ever ;" and then her mother laid a bandeau of pearls across her pale fore- head, and said "they became her passing well." Cecilia smiled faintly when she replaced them in their case, and then her mother came back again to the bedside. Ah ! what fearful shadow, in that mom- mentary interval, had crept over that sweet face ! "Cecilia ! Cecilia !" said the bewildered woman, shivering with an indefinable terror ; "speak to me, Cecilia ! what is it ?" "Am I dying, mother ! Oh, mother ! you never taught me how to die !" * * * In the still grey dawn, at sultry noon, in the hushed and starry night, long after that bright young head was covered with the violets, rang that plain- tiff reproachful voice in the parental ears, "You never taught me how to die !" AN UNWILLING WITNESS.—Lawyer—Mr. Parks, state, if you please, whether the defendant, to your knowledge, has ever followed any profession. Wit- ness—He has been a professor ever since I have known him. Lawyer—Ah ! a professor of what ? Witness—A professor of religion. You don't under- stand me, Mr. Parks. What does he do ? Witness —Well, generally, what he pleases. Lawyer—Tell the jury, Mr. Parks, what the defendant follows. Witness—Gentlemen of the jury, the defendant fol- lows the creed when they go to drink. Mr. Parks, this kind of prevarication will not do here. Now state, sir, what the defendant does to support himself. Witness—I saw him last night supporting himself against a lamp-post. Lawyer—May it please your Honor, this witness shows an evident disposition to trifle with this honourable court. The Court—Mr. Parks, state, if you know any anything about, what the defendant's occupation is. The court, let me say, has no idea that you mean to be disinge- nuous. Witness—Occupation did you say, echoed ?— the counsel, "what is his occupation ?" Witness— If am not mistaken, he occupies a garret somewhere in town. Lawyer—That's all, Mr. Parks. I under- stand you to say that defendant is a professor of religion. Witness—He is. Lawyer—Does his practice correspond with his profession ? Witness —I never heard of any letters or correspondence of any kind. Lawyer—You said something about his propensity for drinking. Does he drink hard ? Witness—No, sir, I think he drinks as easy as any man I ever saw. Lawyer—One more question, Mr. Parks. You have known the defendant a long time. What are his habits, loose or otherwise ? Witness —The one he has on now, I think, is rather tight under the arms—it is certainly too short-waisted for the fashion. Lawyer—You can take your seat, Mr. Parks. A GHOST STORY.—His (Dr. Blomberg's father) was a British officer, and in the early part of the reign of George III he was quartered in the West Indies, together with Major Torriano, but in different islands, the latter being in St. Kitts. One night, as Major Torriano and another officer were lying in the same room, they suddenly saw Blom- berg standing before them. On expressing their great surprise, he informed them that it was only his shade which they saw, as he had just fallen a victim to a rapid disease, and was permitted to appear in order that he might request them, on their return home, to make a dilligent search in a certain house in Scotland, where, in a chest, "docu- ments would he found which would put his young son in possession of a small property. The officers gave their promise, and the ghost disappeared. In the course of a few days intelligence reached St. Kitts of the death of Blomberg on the identical night in question. In due time search was made for the papers ; they were found, and the boy obtained, his property. The story came to the ears of the royal family, and the boy was sent for by George III., who brought him up with the young princes. He was educated for the church, and through royal favour, was latterly cannon of St. Paul's, chaplain to the Queen, and incumbent of St. Giles', Cripple- gate.—Dr. Whalley's Journal, &c.; AT THE CLOSE OF THE BATTLE OF THE ALMA.— It was by the great road, where his reserves had been posted, that Prince Mentschikoff came back into that part of the field with which the English had dealt. When last he saw it, the position, im- mensdy strong by nature; was held in the gripe of powerful batteries, and battallions standing rigid as granite. Since that time, it is true, some hours had passed, but it was only a few minutes before that he had been the assailant in the other part of the field, placing a mighty column in the hands of Kiriakoff with orders to make an onslaught upon Canrobert's division. Now—he gazed, and gazed again, being slow to understand—being slow to let in the belief that the grey rolling masses which approached him were the ruins of two-thirds of his army. But presently he came upon a sight hardly less strange, hardly less shocking to him than his retreating soldiery. He met on the road a lone man—a lone man on foot, walking away from the field. He looked, and came to make out that the lone pedest- rian was Prince Gortschakoff—Prince Gortschakoff, the chief to whom he had entrusted the command of the whole centre and the whole right wing of his army. "What is this ?" "What is the matter ?" "Why are you on foot ?" "Why are you alone ?" These as was natural, were the questions hurled at Prince Gortschakoff by his troubled, amazed com- mander. "My horse," said Gortschakoff, "was killed near the river. I am alone, because all the aides-de-camp and officers of my staff have been killed or wounded. I have received six shots ;" and then, in a spirit scarce worthy of historic moments, scarce matching with the greatness of the disaster which his overthrow had brought upon a proud and mighty empire. Prince Gortschakoff showed the rents which shot had made in his clothes.—King- lake's Invasion of the Crimea. MAIDS OF HONOUR.—The maids of honour to our Queens have always been a laughing and light- hearted race. The earliest account we have of them is a little incident provocative of laughter. The maidens of honour to Eleanor of Castile tossed King Edward the first in a blanket. The hammer of the Scottish nation was tossed in a blanket by a parcel of lasses ! What a picture for Frith or Maclise ! these maids of honour were always pert, giggling, and boisterous girls. The wife of Sir Walter Raleigh, the fair Elizabeth Throgmorton, one of Queen Bess's maids, "delighted much" in relating some of the knavish tricks wrought among the maids by Sir Walter himself when young, and when there was no visionary El Dorado flitting falsely before his eyes. The girls were eternally at their tricks, in spite of the scolding looks and tongues of the grave matrons under whose care they were placed, and who bore in the royal household the honourable name of "Mothers of the Maids." THE YANKEE PRESS.—Wit itself is a great feature of the Yankee Press, particularly the "Western" and "down-cast" portion of it. Thereaway it may be said that every paper is its own Punch. They "air rather 'cute in those parts, we guess." With- out entering upon the character of Yankee wit, which maybe described as the wit of broad exag- geration, we are tempted to give one or two speci- mens, some of which may, perhaps, be new to the reader : A paper, notorious for its veracity, says that a man in New Hampshire went out gunning one day this spring ; he saw a flock of pigeons sit- ting on the branch of an old pine, so he dropped a ball into his gun and fired. The ball split the branch, which closed up and caught the toes of all the birds on it. He saw that he had got them all ; and so he fastened two balls together and fired ; cut the branch off, which fell into the river ; he then waded in and brought them on shore. On counting them, there were 300 pigeons, and in his boots were two barrels of shad.—An American editor acknow- ledges the receipt of a bottle of brandy forty-eight years old, and says : "this brandy is so very old that we very much fear it cannot live much longer." —The most recent case of absence of mind is that of an editor who lately copied from a hostile paper one of his own articles, and headed it, "Wretched at- tempt at Wit."—A western editor, in noticing a new and splendid hearse, says he has no doubt it will afford much satisfaction to those who use it.—A newspaper advertises for compositors who don't get drunk, and adds that "the editor does all the get- ting drank necessary to support the credit of the establishment !"—A country editor thinks that Co- lumbus is not entitled to so much credit for disco- vering America, as the country is so large he could not well have missed it.—An American editor thus notices some poetical communications :—"The effu- sions of "Irwin" and "Mac" are inadmissable. Reason : the rythm sounds something like pumpkins rolling over a barn floor ; while some lines appear to have been measured with a yardstick, and others with a ten-feet pole." RESTORING THE FACE OF A CORPSE.—A statement lately appeared rejecting the disco- very of the dead body of a man in one of the docks, which the police at once pronounced to be the murderer of the unhappy girl who lately lost her life in a house of ill fame in George- street, Bloomsbury. When discovered, the features of the corpse were so black and swollen that none of the witnesses examined at the inquiry into the death of the girl could venture to say that they resembled those of the man who was last seen in company with her. The police, feeling that their reputation was at stake, then took steps to have the corpse subjected to some experiments to reduce the swelling and discolouration. Dr. B. W. Rich- ardson, the author of the 300 guinea prize of Sir Astley Cooper on the coagulation of the blood, was applied to, and he immediately set to work to accomplish the view. He placed the body for three hours in a bath of salt and water, and subsequently ejected a chorline solu- tion into the vessels of the head. Other expe- riments followed, including the passing of chorline gas over the features and so successful was the operation that the swelling was almost entirely reduced, and a pallid colour substituted for the blackness of decomposition. The wit- nesses were then again called to identify the body when they one and all declared that the deceased was not the man whom they had seen in the society of the girl on the night of the murder. So marked, indeed, was the change which had been effected in the appearance of the corpse that one of the witnesses emphati- cally declared that it was not the body which had been found in the dock, but that the doc- ?— of the perfect success of the experiment, the police are now satisfied that the murderer is still at large. A BATCH OF CONUNDRUMS.—Why is a vain young lady like a confirmed drunkard ? Because neither of them is satisfied with the moderate use of the glass.—Why are both par- ties always deceived in a run-away marriage ? Because the gentleman mis-took and the lady is mis-taken.—If a cockney were to go into a hen-loft and ask for eggs, why would the hen be likely to fly at him ? Because he would say "heggs," and it would be eggs aspirated. —What do you eat every day that nobody else eats ? Your dinner.—Why ought a lady's home-dress to last for ever ? Because she never wears it out.—What wonderful thing is that which, although four inches broad and three inches deep, yet contains a solid foot ? A shoe.—When is it that a person ought not to keep his temper ? When it is a bad one. If you throw a stone in the water what does it become before it reaches the bottom ? Wet.— Why is conscience like the check string of a carriage ? Because it is an inward check on the outer man.—Why is a clever detective like a precocious genius ? Because he possesses great quickness of apprehension.—When are you a sheep ? When a sheep is ewe.—Why is a worn out shoe like ancient Greece ? Because it once had a Solon.—Why are there more sim- pletons in Edinburgh than in any other city of Europe ? Because there are seldom less than six flats in one house.—When does a man sneeze three times ? When he cannot help it. SUCH IS LIFE !—The stranded ship breaking to pieces on lone, far away rocks—the child sitting on a doorstep, its mother dead, its father a felon—the soldier trampled to gasping death, while hearing his comrades march from the ground to the glad trumpets of victory— these are not greater pictures of desolation than her own fate appeared to Beatrice. Well ! every hour sees agony as intense. The great wheels of the world go round, crashing and crushing, grinding and deafening, in their work of progress and change ; and not a day passes but hundreds of weak girls and women have this struggle to make. Loved and forsaken ! how much too commonplace even for the foundation of a story in a novel, how banal is such a theme ! Only it for ever seems fresh, amaz- ing, and bitter to the living actors in that dreary scene. Where are they ? We know not : but this we know, that while I write and while you read the agony is going on ; the tears are being wept ; the struggle—ah ! vain struggle—is being made ; with just enough variety of woe to make a difference in the story, as there is enough of individuality of countenance in each among the millions of men to distinguish him from the swarms of his fellow-creatures. Is this book by chance in the hands of some woman with tearful eyes, suffering or remembering ? Is it by chance in the hands of some man who knows the true history of his "adored girl ;" pursued rest- lessly, obstinately, passionately, under difficul- ties, and then at last forsaken, in regular suc- cession? Does he know where she now is ? Does he know whether she be alive or dead ? Does he greatly care ? She may be drowned ; she may be starved ; she may be living a life of gay degradation ? Does he ever give a thought to that past which opened softly and brightly as the gates of paradise, and shut with a clang like the gates of hell ? He thinks Treherne a villain. Where is the Beatrice of his own vain youth ? Happy the man who can look into his conscience and answer, "I have sinned—but never in that sort. I never betrayed, and I never forsook !"—Lost and Saved. By the Hon. Mrs Norton. THE CHAMPION RACE.—The Champion Race of 100 sovs, with 1000 sovs added ; the second to re- ceive 300 sovs from the stakes, and the third to save his stake. Distance, three miles. Mr J. Harper's b h Barwon, 8st 10lb .... (Waldock) 1 Mr P. Keighran's b h Mormon, 10st 4lbs .... (Simpson) 2 Mr De Mestre's b h Archer, 10st 4lb .... (Coutts) 3 Mr De Mestre's ch m Haidee, 8st 7lb .... 0 Mr A. Cheek's ch m Zoe, 10st 1lb .... 0 Archer was the favourite for this race, and was backed at even against the field, 100 to 20 against Mormon, 100 to 12 against Zoe, 3 to 1 against Bar- won, 4 to 1 against Haidee. At the lowering of the flag, Barwon went away with the lead, closely fol- lowed by Zoe, with Mormon third, Archer fourth, and Haidee last. This order was maintained to the stockyard, round the hill, and down the slope, without any change in the position of the other horses. Archer now closed on Mormon's quarters for the third place, and on coming past the stand Barwon was still in the front, with Zoe second, and Archer third, Mormon being fourth ; going up the stockyard, Zoe caved in, having had enough of it. Barwon was now thirty yards in front, going strong. Archer put on steam, took second place, with Zoe at his heels. Down the slope cries arose from the stand that it was Barwon's race. Mormon now put on steam, took third place, and shortly afterwards collared Archer for second place, going past him like a bolt. An exciting race now ensued, which ended in favour of Barwon, winning easily by about fifty yards, Mormon being second, and Archer a few lengths behind. Tremendous excitement now pre- vailed, and the winning horse and rider were greeted with loud and repeated cheering, again and again taken up on the grand stand and all arts of the coarse.—Ballarat Star. The Alpacas just landed from the Julia Farmer, proceeded on Tuesday, in two flocks, through 