LOCAL AiND PROVINCIAL. P'OLICE E?PonT.-- On Wednesday, Nicholas Mahar summoned Martin, Thomas, and Michael Quinn, three boys, sellons ol a settler at Mutbilly, for unlawfully taking and using a black mare. The case was dismissed.-Yosterday, Thomas Crossin, charged with being unlawfully on the preldises of Mary Carney, was disoharged.-George Clark, brought up on remand, charged with stealing a cheque from Mrs. Lodge, of the John B3arleye?,:n Ilnn, was discharged, the evidence not being suffi ciently strong to justify his committal. ROBBERY UNDER ARMS.--Yesterday at the Goul burn police-court, Charles Foley and John Brown low were brought up on remand, charged with the late robbery at O'Brien's, at Laggan. Mr. Walsh, attorney for Brownlow, called William Brownlow, who deposed: I live at Crooked Corner, seven miles from Binda, and fifty-two from Goulburn; I am a farmer and grazier, and am father of prisoner Brownlow; I know a place called Laggan; it is twenty one miles from where I live; there is a mill there; I don't know the man that keeps it; I was at that mill on the 17th of last month; my son and Michael Croker were with me; we left that day, went to my son's house, and stopped there that night; my son was with me; Croker did not go; my son's place is nine miles from Laggan; it is on the way home to my own place; I got home eleven or twelve o'clock next day, the 18th; my son drove the team the whole way; after we got home we had something to eat, and then commenced working at a shed; Croker came there about two o'clock; Croker came to help to build the shed; they got part of the shed covered, and worked till a late hour, as long as they could see; they were never out of my sight; it must have been eight o'clock, or a little after, when they left off work; after they knocked off work they had their suppers; I suppose this was between nine and ten; after supper my daughter was reading the Goulburn Herald to us till about eleven o'clock; they went to bed between eleven and twelve, Croker and my son togetlher; there was an old man, Roger Caldwell, its the same room; I have a clock in the house; next day, I and Croker were up before light getting in hay; they remained in my house till the 21st, when hearing this report about the robbery I advised them to go to Constable Pagett, and they went to give themselves up; I had previously heard that they were charged with the robbery, and had been to Pagett; I know where O'Brien's place is; it is within a mile of the mill, and is about twenty-one miles from my place; my son could not possibly have been at Dan O'Brien's on the night of the 18th. Mr. Walsh here said that he did not intend to apply for any certificate in the case of this witness, as his own means would allow of his going to Sydney on the trial.--In answer to the bench witness said: My son got up about five o'clock on the morning of the 19th; his bedroom opened into mine, and he could not leave it without my know- ledge; I am positive they could not leave the house without my knowing it; I have been in that part of the district twenty-eight years; getting the Goul burn Herald paper fixes the date on which I was at the mill; the day on which my son went to give himself up was Sunday; it was the previous Wed nesday that my son was at the mill.- Michael Croker, who it may be remembered was charged with being the third man engaged in the robbery, but who was discharged, was then called and deposed: When I am at home I live at the Land of Nod; I know a place called Laggan; I know Brownlow; I was with him on the the 17th December, at Mr. Forster's store; I had business there; Brownlow and his father were there; they had a team and had been to the mill getting wheat ground; I left before them about three o'clock; I remained there that night; I saw them next day; prisoner Brownlow left to go to his father's about five in the morning; I afterwards saw him at his father's about two; I went to help to put up a shed; Brownlow and I went to work at the shed as soon as I got there; the shed was to put hay in; we con- tinued working till about eight o'clock; we then had a wash and supper; prisoner Brownlow was at supper; we stopped.yarning till between eleven and twelve o'clock; we then went to bed in the sitting-room; Brownlow was in bed with me there was anothler man named Roger Caldwell in the same room; I re- mained there during the night; I got up before sun- rise next morning and assisted William Brownlow to get in a load of hay; first saw John Brownlow when I was getting up; I left him in bed; I went to finish the shed with him after I had got in the hay; I continued at Brownlow's till the 21st; I usually get my living carrying; in the event of this trial taking place I am willing to attend and give evi dence; I have not the means of my own to go to Sydney; my place is about fifty-two miles from Goulburn. In answer to the bench witness said: I have been charged with the same offence, have been remanded twice, and was discharged; I was not at O'Brien's on the 17th December; I live with my mother when not on the roads; I have only one horse of my owln; he is not paid for; I have a dray of my own; I went to the Lachlan and my bullocks all died; this was between two and three months ago.--Roger Caldwell deposed; I am about sixty seven years of age; I live at Mr. Brownlow's and am in his employ; I know his son John and last witness Croker; I remember their going away to give themselves up, on the Sunday after the 18th; it was the Sunday before Christmas days they had been at Brownlow's since Thursday the 18th; the father and son arrived with a team; Croker came a short time after; I did not see him come, but saw him at work afterwards; he and young Brownlow were at work at a shed; I was mowing; Croker and Brownlow worked very late and finished half the shed to put the hay in; I was there when they knocked off; we were all in the house, and had supper together; after supper Brownlow's sister read the paper for some time; we then went to bed; I made my bed alongside of Croker and Brownlow; we all slept in one room; I got up about sunrise; William Brownlow and Croker had got a load of hay before I got up; young Brownlow was in bed when I got up; they remained about the place at work till they went to give themselves up; I am a labouring man; I am willing to attend on the trial at Sydney, but have no means to go down. To the bench; I get twelve shillings a week; I know very well that Thursday was the 18th; I cannot read; I know it because I was told; I did not lie awake very long when I went to bed; I think I woke in the night; Croker was out of the room when I woke, Brownlow was in the room; I could hear them breathe; it was dark; both slept in one bed, close to mine; it Is only because I was told that I knew Thursday was thie 18th. To Mr. Walsh: The Thursday was the Thursday before Brownlow and Croker went away to give themselves up.--Mr. Walsh applied for the certificate under the Justices Amendment Act, in respect to Croker and Caldwell, on the ground that they were willing but unable to attend on the trial to give evidence.--The bench fully recognized the importance of the evidence of Caldwell, and granted the certificate as respected him, but declined in the case of Croker either on the ground of the materiality of his evidence or his want of means.-Mr. Walsh said that his evi- lence was identical with that of Caldwell. Mr. Gannon, attorney for Foley, then called Francis Tunnicliffe, who deposed: I am a farmer residing at the Little Diamond; I know prisoner Foley; he had been working at my place about three weeks when apprehended; I recollect Constable Pagett and Dan O'Brien coming to my place on the 19th December; I myself saw O'Brien; it was between five and six o'clock in tile morning; Foley was in my place; O'Brien said he was robbed last night; I said " do you expect Foley did it;" O'Brien replied "I don't expect he did any thing of the kind;" he said he had been robbed betwveen the two lights; Pagett was there; I told him Foley had not been out that night nor for three weeks before; O'Brien said he might be mistaken; he gave Foley in charge to Pagett; he asked Pagett to let Foley go because he wasns't quite sure; Pagett said he could not let him go; this was on Friday morning, the Friday before Christmas day; Foley was at home the night before; he never went outside the door; I saw him till ten o'clock; he was plaiting cabbage-tree in the kitchen; his mother-my wife- was there and Margaret Monks; I saw Foley mak- ing his bed in the kIitchen; that was the last I saw of him that night; I had no horses in the stable; Foley had no horses; when Pagett came, Foley had to catch a horse to come to Goulburn; it was one of mine; it took us--Pagett, O'Brien, Foley, and me about half.an-hour to catchl the horse; Pagett looked to see if the guns had been removed; he found them dusty; O'Brien lives between ten and eleven miles from my place; Pagett, in O'Brien's presence, said that the robbery was committed between the two lights; I had been to O'Brien's with Folev about three weeks before. [Mr. Walsh at this stage asked if the bench would admit pri soners to bail. The bench refused.] Examination continued: Mrs. O'Brien saw Foley; some conver stion took place with her; Foley asked for O'Brien; Mr. O'Brien asked what he wanted him for; Foley said it was about some money Dan had of him; Mrs. O'Brien said he had no money of his, called Foley a b-y wretch, and said he ought to be lagged for life and hanged for robbing his sister; she also took a stone to knock his brains out; O'Brien then came in. To the bench: My place is Foley's usual residence; he has been in Berrimna Gaol his usual sleepning place was five yards from mine; the division between us was slabbed; I saw him again about half past four; Foley had lived at my place about one year previous to his going to Berrima; at that time he had one horse; I remember the date by Foley remarking that he should have his liberty that Christmas; prisoner could not have left the place without my knowing it, because the dogs would matke a noise; he could not have left while I was awake; I cannot say how long I remained awake; I had two horses in my paddock, which is about twenty acres; they are not swift horses. To Mr. Gannon: I saw the horses as soon as I got up on Friday; from their appearance they could not have been ridden on Thursday night; if they had been ridden, I should have seen their tracks; they are bush horses. Margaret Monks deposed: I was servant to last witness up to last week; I had been living two years at his place; I was there when Pagett and O'Brien came there; it was before Christmas; it was Friday morning; Tunnicliffe went out to Pagett; I stopped at my breakfast; Foley also stayed at breakfast; O'Brien did not come in, but stayed at the door; Pagett came in; I Iheard him say O'Brien was robbed on Thursday night; he asked if Charley had been out that ntight; Tuunicliffe said he had not; I heard O'Brien ask Pagett to let Foley go; I went to bed on Thursday right at half past nine; my mistress went to wind up the watch and said that was the time; I left Foley sitting by the kitchen fire when I went to bed; he was taking off his boots; he slept in the kitchen; I saw him again when I got up about five it thie morning; he was in bed; I don't think I could have heard him had he gone out during tlhe night; O'Brien said when he first came that the robbery took place between seven and eight; I have no ways of going to Sydney, but am willing if I had; I have no means of my own. To the bench: When O'Brien asked Pagett to let Foley go, he said because he didn't think it was he that robbed him; that is what I understood him to say; I don't swear positively to the worrds.-- Martha Evans deposed: I reside with my father at Kangaloolah; I was at Tunnicliffe's on the 18th December; I got a memo randum from Mr. Marks's store in Goulburn on the 17th; I was at Tunnicliffe's the day after, on my way home; I got there about half-past seven in the evening; I saw Foley there; I have seen him before; I stayed there about ten or twelve minutes; I am willing to go to Sydney, but have no means of my own to go; I am eighteen years of age; Kangaloo lah is about fifteen miles from Goulburn. The bench expressed their willingness to grant the certilicate in the case of Margaret Monks, but not in that of thie last witness.--The prisoners were then cautioned in the usual way, and having nothing to say, were committed to take their trials at a special sitting at Darlinghurst, on the 2nd February. GOVERMENT AD)VELt'rTIISSIES TS. - During last session Mlr. Lucas made a strong complaint thlat tihe government carried on a system of atdvertising to such an extent as to corrupt tile provincial press; and he statedl that £30,000 was thus expended in one year. HIowever, a return just published shows that only £6228 has been expended it eighteen months, of whlichl about £2265 went to the Sydney daily papers, Whilst the remainder was distributed amongst upwards of fifty other journals, wholly without reference to their support or opposition to the existing ministry. CRICKET.--Oa Thursday evening a meeting of the National Cricket Club was held at Mlaudelson's hotel. A letter was read from the Berrima players, proposing to play on the 26th instant, the anniver sary of the foundation of the colony. This was agreed to-the match to come off.at 1errima. The rules of the club were then revised and adopted. It was arranged to communicate with the neigh. bouring districts, to ascertain whether fifteen, eighteen, or twentjr-two southern players cant be got to play a match against a picked Sydney eleven; and if so, to.snid a challenge to the metropollitan olabs accordingly. Etster ldndtay was suggested as a fit day for this match, should it be arranged for. The next meeting of tie club 'is expected to takle place on Tuesday next. ErcttAonlc ' INSTITUTEn.-Tho annual meneting of tLe ImembeOrs of tile mechanics' institute for the election of oflicers will be held on Wednesday nsext. In the mean time the proposition book lies on the table asl those who feel an inlterest in the election of olfficers will do well to place the names of candi dates on the list without delay. Taking into occoo:t the proceeds of the entertainnment recently given by Mr. Hall, for the benefit of the institution, the sum of £100 in subscriptions, &c.;, necessary to enable the committee to obtain the government grant, has now been raised. iIoRsE-eSTEALoLINO AT MOLONGLO.--enry Colden Antill has been committed for trial by the Quean beyan bench on acharge of stealing three mares the property of MIr. W. B]3owen of B?olonglo. Tile MAIL rnoox EunoPE.-The branch mail steamer bringing the South Australian portion of the mails from Europe per the Madras, was due at Adelaide yesterday; but up to the hour of the tole graph office closing nothing had been heard of it. AtoYLo JocK.EY CLUo.-A meeting of the Argyle Jockey Club, was held at the Royal HIotelon Thursday, when eight now members were ballotted for, and elected. It was determined to request Mr. Andrew Gibson to act as treasurer; and the next meeting was appointed for Tuesday next, by which time, it is to be hloped, any gentlemen wishing to join the club, will send in their names. Shlortly after the next meeting, it is proposed to elect office bearers and to arrange a programme for the annual races for this year. All lovers of sport will do well to join theclub at once in order that the committee may know the extent of their resources, and be able to fix the amount of the prizes for the forthcoming meeting. DETENTION OF MAILS.-A telegram from Forbes dated Tuesday last says:-A scandalous detention of the Sydney mails to this town has occurred. Thlere hIave been no arrivals since Thursday last. It appears the contractor for thle conveyance of the mails between Orange and Forbes, was not prepared to fulfil his agreement, and now.cannot be found. His sureties had not signed the bond, and as one of them hasdisappeared, the other refuses to sign it. The tradespeople have been greatly inconvenienced, and are complaining bitterly. MOUNICIPALITY OF lr4TtUtST.-The first election of aldermen for the recently proclaimed municipality of Bathurst, tos been fixed for Tuesday thie 3rd February next. ACCEPTED TENDEnRS FOR PUBLIC Wongs.-Thn undermentioned Tenders have been accepted by the govcrnment:-Mr. George Cookle for the erection of a police station, at Burrowa; blessrs. W. Randle and Co. for the construction of the Windsor anl Rielhmond railwvay, contracts Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 5; atld Mr. John Gwynneth for contract No. 7; THnE GOLD EsconT.-A notice in the Government Gazette of Tuesday last, after detailing the route to be taken by the Braidwood and Kiandra gold escorts as already mentioned in this journal, states that in addition to thile usual guard in the vehicle, tihe treasure will be escorted by an armed mounted party. TtE RIOAD OVER TIE BREADALbANE PLAINS.-A number of free selectors of land in the neighborhood of the Breadalbano Plains, whose untited purchases amount to about 2000 acres, have addressed the fol lowing letter to the secretary for lands: SI,-WVe, the undersigned landhlolders, molt respectfully beg teat you eill cause a road to Goulburn from tbto nreadalbane tinins to be proclaimed, as the old road that se tnave been accustomed to use for the last twenty years, 11s been fenced in by John Chisbolm, flsq., to eur creat inron veniesce nscd detriment. -tany of us are deprived of weter. Onstead of tite elapel being about halfa mile, and tue church one mile distant, we must go round for fifteen miles, and we Irave no other access to Ioulburn except through a part of tile ,ireadlbnoo swhich is im5passable in winter, being usually covered etrihl weater two feet tu depthl for three miles. Tho distaneeo to Goulburn by this road is seventeen miles, whilst by the old road it cas tea miles. FATAL AFFRAY AT ORANGE.—It was reported in Sydney last night that a serious riot or disturbance had taken place at or near Orange, in which a man was shot. The particulars have not transpired, although we understand that a telegram was received by the inspector-general of police relative to the occurrence.—Thursday's Empire. TeIE LANCASHREs RELIEF FaUND RIEETING AT BaTlnnsT.-On thie evening of MIonday, a public moetinllg was held in tihe court-house, for the purpose of enabling those interested in thie Lancashire Relief Ftnd, to express their disapprobation of the manner in which the money sent from New South Wales had been applied. There was an animated discus sion as to whiether or not at application should be made to have the amounts refunded. It was ulti mately agreed to adopt the first and third resolutions of the public tmeeting held in Sydney, at the MIasonic Hall on the 21st ultimo. Tio gentlemen who tookl part in the discussion were among those who, in tile first instance, Ihad takent a deep interest in collecting subscriptions in these districts; and it was pleasing to observe, that so far as they were concerned, there was no disposition to relax any efforts it might be found necessary to makle on behalf of the souffering operatives of Lancashire. It was considered by all lthat thea umnfortunato mistake which the London conm mission had made, onght not to dry up tihe springs of charity in these districts.-Bathurst Freo Press. SUICIDE.—On Thursday morning last, a report was circulated at Adelong that a man had shot him self, and on inquiry it proved to be too true. The victim was a shepherd in the employ of Mr. Menlove, and named Charles Leake. A few days ago he became possessed of a team of bullocks, some of which had strayed and were impounded; those he released, and the next day others were similarly dealt with, to do which he had to borrow money; and it is supposed that the expense his bullocks were likely to put him to, affected his mind, and urged him to commit the rash act of suicide. He was a man who had abstained for the past three years until Boxing-day last, when he became somewhat in ebriated, but on the following day he made a resolu tion to drink no more spirits during his life-time. The evening before his death, he was apparently very happy and contented, and appeared so early on Thursday morning, when a fellow shepherd, arose, to search for some sheep that had gone astray during the night. On returning shortly after, Leake was discovered lying on his face, dead, and a rifle, with a piece of string attached to the trigger, by his side; but on examination it was found that the string, a portion of which was round his finger, not being strong enough to pull the trigger, had broken, and the deceased had used his toe to discharge the wea pon, the contents of which passed clean through his heart. A magisterial inquiry was held, and the conclusion was that he died by his own hands.— Wynyard Times. FATAL ACCIDENT.—Last week was one of unusual melancholy, for no less than four deaths occurred, three of which were from accident. The subject of our present remarks is an old man named Mc Kenzie, a resident at Brungle, who was killed on the race course on Thursday afternoon last. The deceased was riding about in a state of intoxication, and on one occasion, during the first race, rode across the horses, nearly causing an accident. He was several times cautioned lest he would fall from his horse, but he heeded not the advice, and about four o'clock, whilst riding in the direction of Mr. Vyner's fence, unable to sit upright in his saddle, he was struck against a tree and instantly expired. Dr. Large was soon in attendance, and pronounced life extinct. The body was then removed to Mrs. Quilty's inn, where a magisterial inquiry was held on the follow- ing morning, and a subscription got up to bury him. He leaves a widow and eight children quite unpro vided for, and we believe contributions for their relief will be gladly received by Mr. Emanuel and by the Messrs. Rankin.—Wynyard Times. THE WHEAT AND eLOUIt MLiARKET.-Notwith standing that in many parts of this colony the pro sent harvest will be considerably below that of former years, there need be no anxiety that any rise of importance will take place in the flour markets, as advices from other colonics show that the har vest has been a good average one in some places, and in others considerably above the average. Telegraphic advices state that thie South Austraiiian Register calculates the surplus of thie present harvest at 50,000 tons over last year. Wheat is quoted at. 4Is. 5d. Flour in better demand; sales have been efHcted ait £10 12s. 6d. Bran, .14d. with a down ward tendency.--Braidwood Dispatch. Ti. s Bulnwoos GOLD-r:IrLDS. - Generally speaking gold miing in this district is unusually dull, the dry weather having retarded tie operations of the miners in most places, and the unaccountable flood in thie Arulueu Iving done much damage. H-owever, on visiting that place on Monday we were glad to observe that the claims whilch were filled in by the visitation alluded to are once nmore being opened again. At Little Iliver we Ihave Iheard of some very nice little samples of gold having been procured, and we learn that Mr. Breckenridge at the store has purchased three niuggets weighing np to nine ounces. There are still two or three spleoldid claims upon Major's Creek is which the lulcky pro prietors are making a pile, but as for the rest tlhe loss said the better. The banks of the Shloalhbaven river are now attracting mnore attention, and several fresh parties have located' themselves there and are earning their salt.-Braidivood Dispatch. Trio l.RO'OSED INTEICOLONIAL TARIIFF CON FEnENCE.-It is genorally known that towards the close of last year proposals we're made for a con ference of delegates f'rom the several colonies of the Australian group, for the purpose of settling the basis of a common tariff. It was at first proposed that the delegates should meet at Melbourne during the month of December last, but this intention could not be carried out for various reasons-one being the reluctanco of the Melbourno government to enter into the matter, and another that tile New South Wales parliament being in session, no member of tile ministry could well leave his post. Mr. Cowvper, however, anxious that the subject should not be deferred beyond the earliest opportunity which pee sented itself, signified to the Victoria and South Australia governments that the delegates from this colony could be in Melbourne in the first week in January, if that arrangement met wvith their con currence. This proposal was agreed to at once on thelo part of South Australia, but the Melbourne government demurred, and, from the nature of their objections, it was evident that Mr. O'Shanassy and his colleagues, who had never cordially entertained the proposal, were desirous, if possible, of preventing tile holding of the conference altogether. They probably thought that Victoria must be a loser under any equitable adjustment of customs' duties, as slle would have to forego the large sum now received by her for goods introduced into New South Wales, by being smuggled across thie Murray. Mr. Cowper then proposed to Southl Australia, Tasmania, and Queensland, to hold the conference in Sydney on or about the 21st instant. On this oiler being accepted by the Adelaide government, and as under standing Ihaving been arrived at that Queensland and Tasmanias would offer no objection, thie Victorian government were again asked to join. They, Iows ever, again raisedl objections, and the consequence is that if the conference is to be held hIere, it is probable that no delegates will be sent from Victoria. 'Chie Melbourne government have evidently taken an un fair as well as an unwise course is this matter. If they had agreed to the proposal made to hold tihe meeting in Melbourne in the early part of this month, Victoria would Ihave assumed by far the most imposing position among tlhe colonies. As the matter stands at present, it appears as if the con ferenco would be hIeld in Sydney without the pre sonce of delegates from Victoria, and, conseqcuently, that the latter colony will ultinmately have to conme islto the arrangements made by the other four colonies-or, ratlher, by Now Soutllh WLales and South Australia; for Queensland and Tasmania seem to be almost passive it tile matter: indeed, tlhe insular position of the latter renders her joining in the arrangement of little consequence to ithe other colonies. It is probable, should a customs' league be formed by Noew South Wales, Soluth Australia, and. Queensland, that Victoria would soon find it to her interest to join.--Empire.--[As mentiosed in our Tuesday's telegram, it is doubtful whether South Australia will now send any delegates to Sydney.] THE NEW COUNTIeR Ot" TIIE NORTa COAST.-An Adelaidetelegram in a Melbourne paper, says: Several parties have determined to organiso an ex pedition to proceed to Van I)iemen's Gulf, for the purpose of testing its capability for settlement, and it is not at all unliklely a vessel with stores, &e.;, will be despatched for the purpose of relieving the party and taking horses to India. A mob will be driven across on Stuart's tracks, and if they arrive at tihe Gulf in good condition, they could he shipped to Ildia at a profit of at least twenty pounds a bead. If this trip shosld be successful, it will be the nucleus of a township having a great trade with India. It is to be hloped, for thle sake of Adelaide, that the idea will be carried out, and not allowed to drop, as tlse other colonies may not be slow to take it ul; but lthe guardianship of the new country being confided to this colony is another inducement for our enter prising mes to follow it out. WEST M?AITLA?ND.--DP. Doylo's house caught fire at two a.m. on Tuesday, but the damage is not much; it originated accidentally in the chemtnist's shop. During the confusion in subduing tle fire twvo gold watches were sttlesn.- It has transpired that" Hlutclhison has obtained various largo sums of money from persons residing in and near the town, gene rally on the pretence that hie Iheld title deeds. Of nine deeds held as security, eight of the signatures were forged. Tie interest on tihe money was paid regularly. The sums borrowed bIy IIutchison reach £200..-Telegram to S. MI. Herald. McELnOURsvE.--The lying in state of the bodies of Burke and Wills at tse Phlilosoplsical Institute com menced this (Tuesdlay) morning. Above three thou sand persons bad visited thie hIall before four p.m.- Dr. Macatldam, having been accused by tile Argus, in a leading article, of being drunkl on thie occasion of the remains of the explorers being coffined, has com menced an action for libel against the proprietors of that journal.--An inquest was hIeld on tie body of the steward of the ship Kate Hiooper. 'E'he jury re turneo d a verdict that there was no evidence to shew how he was drowned, and attached a rider that, in their opinion, the steward had been maltreated previous to death.--tIoore, lately a cleri in the post-office, is remanded on a charge of embezzlement. -It is rumoured that tile stonemasons are again contemplating a strike for an advance of wages. Telegram to S. M. Herald. IE?RIGAL, A CASTLEIrtcAGII.-A corresponldent of the Western 1Post writes as follows:--There is a great contrast in the appearance of this part of New South Wales within the term of eleven months; then we were compelled by a flood to escape from our dvwellings, which were inundated, and talkeo refuge upon the nearest elevated land we could reach: nos,, as far as vision extends, theo eye rests upon an arid waste: scarcely a green blade of grass to be seen for miles: and creeks and lagoons, upon which, three months ago, flockls of swans, ducks, and other water fowl floatedt gracefully in luxuriant enjoyment, are now mud-holes filled with parboiled fish and tihe carcases of cattle Ithat have perished in their attempts to get wateri; impelled by thirst, they have plunoged in to moisten their tongues, and have literally bhurried themselves in thle deep nmud fromo whlich few escape when distant from the stations; at this place every day owe pull tlhem out of the bogs, and thus save some. In the bush, careases of dead cattle strew tho ground; the animals have perishest by starvation; those we nmeet in motion are feebly crawling along, every bone in their ribs visible; others remain withl their lips touching the surface of the sand, and imagine thcmselves feeding; it is pitiable to see our gentle milkers dying every day; thle poor calves, yet too young to eat grass, fold their little legs under them, and pine to death by tle mothler's side; hot winds, impregnated withl a noisome stench, in fiery gusts sweep over tihe plains; most days the thermometer exceeds 100 in tlhe shade; tie droughlt is general, thel water failing everylwhere, and becoming bad; many persons have already abandoned tleir statioas and homes, journoy ing to the nearest river or lagoon, to obtain tem porary relief. In addition to thle great destruction of property whichl seems inevitable, we may justly be applrehensive of anuepidemnic caused by thie foul air. We are (and of course we are proud of it) Britons, but if we were Africans, I would not insurem for a farthling the life of any rain-maker who dared to show himself amonog us. I believo they settled one of them near the Cape colony lately, because they imangined he had placed thle country under tlhe same sort of interdict lwhich now crushles those colonies. DEAT.H Flltot Exeosuoe.--On Sunday last, whlich was one of the most fearfully hot days that we have remembered to have experienced, an old man named iodwvartd Briscoe, was found in a very exlausted state near thle Goldeon Point lIotel, Crown Flat. Iloe hlad been lying out all niglht and was in a deplorable conditiol from fith. tie was talken into thle hotel by IMrs. Sowell, tihe lndlady, and every attentiol was paid to him but he died in a few hours. Briscoe, it will be remembered, some moootls ago used to fre quent the different public-houses is Braidwood and play the fiddle; he afterwards swent to Aralueu where oe lhadl been knoolsiong about fromhoulse to house for several monoths. lto was an inlveterate drisnker, and it is supposed that thle eflfects of drilnkl added to ex posure to tihe weathelr were tle causes of his death, A nmagistorial coequiry was coemmclced on Monday before Itobert Curtis, Esq., J.P', but was adjourned for thie evidence of tihe police.--Braidwood D?spatch. Lut;xcr.--Tlohre are four persons conflied at the present time in tihe gaol at Gundagai on clargo of being dangerous luuatics. Besides Bohan, vwhoso case is alluded to elseolwhere, tlhero is a man in con iloement whlo in the middle of tile lday attempted to cut downo the telegraphl post immediately opposite the coort-lousoe and in sighlt of a number of people. lIe was immediately secured, and on being usked tie cause of lis foolish conduct, he said heo hadl been pursued by people from Wagga WVagga and wanted to cut offcommuaication.-Yass Courier. -ATTLIMT AP SUIOIIDE.c-On Tuesday week, Tommy, a chinaman in the emlploy of Mr. it. Riley, of Gundlagai, as cook, was clarged with an attempt to commit suicide.. It appears that aon Monday lrs. Riley discovered Tommny in the act of making unmistaklable preparations to " shuoffle offhis mortal coil." 1iB hall suspended from thie beam a rope with a nloese, and had placed 6i box underneath from which hto intended to takot his lanst leap. ~Fortunately, Mrs. Riley'u appearance deranged his plans. Shortly after, Tommy was observed by Miss Mary Burko, a relation of Mrs, Riley, residing in the house, to be making strong demonstrations with a knife in the neighbourhood of his throat, and divining his intention, sheo rushed upon him and succeeded in wresting tile hkife from his grasp. Foiled in his second attempt, Tommy made a dash at the knife-box, and seizing another weapon was about to fulfil his intentions, when Miss Mary agais resolutely seized the unfortunate celestial, and by dint of muscular exertion prevented him from maklting a ghost of himself. Tommy was thou convoyed, with a great struggle and reluctance on his part, to the lock-up, where he arrived in a sad state of mental and bodily disturbance. He was ordered to find two sureties of £40 ceach for his good behaviour towards himself, or be confined in Gundagai gaol for fourteen days.--Wynyard Times. T'rIE HAItAVESrT IN THEI CnRCOc. DISTItCr. The harvest is progressing very favourably in the Carcoar district, and all theo farmers are getting their wheat cut and housed as fast as they can, as the dry and hot weathler is ripening it very fast. Reapers are in great demand at the present moment, but as a number of tle farmers will finish cutting next week they will then be more plentiful. Tile crops are far better than they were expected to be a month ago, and some farmers say they never recollect laving a better crop, us a nmnber of them will average from twenty-five to thirty bushels per acre. There is a lot of wheat about the district that was sowu on new groundi that will niot yield muchl over its seed, and ablout Cowrar anl Canowinidra most of thIe crops are a complete filure; but about this neighbourhood, we have to be thankful for an abuidant harvest.-Corresponden?t Free Press. Death by Drowning - On Wednesday last, two children, son and daughter of Mr. Egan, of Gocup, aged respectively seven and six years, went to a water-hole in the neighbourhood to have a " bogie," but they had not been gone long before the boy re- turned to tell his mother that his sister was in the water, and could not get out. On hastening to the spot, it was found that the unfortunate child was lifeless.-Yass Courier. nBREACrES OF TriE IsrPOUNDIrNG Acr.-Oin riday last, at the Gundtagal police-court, Arthur Graham was brought up on warrant before the police-magis. trate, charged with having on tile previous day, un lawfully rescued 2672 sheep from the custody of Patrick Ryan, the keeper of the pound of North Gundagai. Mr. Ryall appeared on behalf of the prosecutor. Tle evidence of the poundkheper ws taken, and the offenco having been fully proved, the defendant was sentenced to pay a fine of £15. A second charge of rescue was then preferred agaitest the dlefendalont, whlichl was adjourned until the follow. ing day, Saturday, when, as there was no appearance on the part of the defendant to disprove the charge, hIe was senteinced to pay £20 for tihe second offence. -On thle same day, Patrick Ryan, poundkeeper, was suimmcued by Arthur Grahlam for neglecting to give proper sustenance to tile before mentioned sheep, while imnounded, and under hIis charge, The plaintilff failed to appear, tile case was struck off the list, and one guinea awarded as costs to the defendant. This case of impounding is likely to lead to a considerable amount of litigation.-Yoass Courier. TIIE LINALOeNG tAIL IODEnRY.--In last isSUO we gave a short account of the robbery of the Binalong umail. Tie followicg fuller particulars are furnished by tihe Yass Courier: - On Monday last, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, while thie mtail was proceeding from Yoss to Bina long, and hen about six miles on the otlher side of Bowning, it was stuck uno and robbed. For the last few days the bags have been conveyed on a led horse, and that circumustance aplpears to have been well Iinown to the men who committed time robbery. The name of the person in wlcose charge the mail was on this occasion is Voodford. At the place and time we have mentioned the two bushrangers, one mounted on a chlestnut hiorse, and tile otllher on a roan, rode up to Woodford, who was canterling along within a few yards of tile road, and called out to him to stop. One of the men was armed with a revolver, and the othler with what is com monly called a pepper-box--a pistol withl a number of short barrels. Woodfordl, thlinkting that the men were joking, rode on, makinig at the same time some jocose remark; one of them called out that if he (Woodford)did notstop, he would be shot. Woodford, discovering that it swas no joke, pulledi up. He was ordered to dismount, and on his doing so the bags were tlaken off the led horse by one of the rob bers, while the other stood over \Woodford with the revolver pointedt at himn. All the letters were tlaken out and examineld; from three registered letters the contents were taken, and aifter the process of search was concluded the mailman was ordered to assist in returning the letters to their several proper bags, those for Binalong ic one bag, nid those for the Flat in another. The robber who stood over ,ood ford inquired of his companrion how much he had got, when he received as answer, " fourteen," which we suppose to lavre meant .14. Besides tlhis, a letter, 10s. in silver, and a pennyweighlt nugget of gold were taken from the mailman. Tihe robbers then tied Woodford's hands behind him with a coat-strap, and tahing thie surcingle which had fastened the mail bags on the led horse, passed it two or three times round Wooldford's body to a tree, and buckled itbe. hind. WVoodford begged of them not to treat him in that way, as lie would perish for the want of water before he could be released. Tihe robbers then rode off. Woodforcd was released by a shepherd of Mr. C. O'Brien's, who heard him cooey ing. He proceeded to Binalong with the mail-bags, aid reported the eircmstancee to the police. On the evening before the robbery, wlsile Woodford was coming into h ass from Binalong, without any mail, and for the purpose of takling the Saturday's bags out, he saw tile two men who stuck him up, encamped at Emu Flat, close to where the Binalotg mail -as robbed a short time previously. Woodford can identify thle two men, and it is probable that they will cro long be brought to justice. A lMAD.cuNa's Fitrcrs.--On Tuesday night week a most atrocious act of cruelty tookl place at Gundagai. MIr. Stewart, a settler at Wuantabadgery, having come to Gundagai on Tuesday to visit his family, placed his mare (a valuable animal) for security in a small paddock near his house. On the following morning, Ihaving occasion to use the mare, lie went to thie paddock, and found her missing. Thlinkling that she had brolken out during thie night, Ihe went in search of her, and, after some hours' fruitless labour was returning, whlen, passing by the paddock where sile had been, Ile perceived in a hole made by tie uprooting of a large tree, the body of poor animal. with its thiroat cut, and thie head nearly severed from thie body. Upon closer examin ation, it was found that tihe mare had been driven between t1le forkled branches of a fldlen tree, and after being deliberately secured, was killed, and the body afterwards dragged to the place where it was found, for tie purpose of concealment. Information was immediately given to the police, and as soon as tile circmstancees became knoiwn, a general feeling of disgust and indignation was expressed towardi the perpetrator of a crime so dastardly. On VWed nesday morning all suspicion wans laid aside by thp arrest by the police, at South Gundagai, of an inldividual nametd Bohan, who had been lurting about thie neighborhood for several days previously, and lwhoso conlduct had appeared somowhat stranugo. A palty of carriers from P.icton had yarded their bulelocils for tie niight at South Gcundagui, anod before reliving to rest wvent to look to the security of their Ieo'es, sbicllms were Ihobbled, snd feediug near them. They discovered two of their horses ill Boban's possession. Upon inquiriug what lie inteuded to do with them, he quietly told them that he inlendedl to kill one aind let the other go, and, inoreover iuformed them that he had tilled two of their bullocks. Upon examiningu they found tle fellow had stated thie truth, for two valuable bullocks were dead, having been milled with an axe. Blstb was at once given into custody, aud confessed to thi constable tchat hIe haid on the previous night killed Mr. Stewart's mare. lie was brought before ith police- mlagistrate on Friday for examination, when hIe owned to thie charges laid against him, cod attributed them to tIle influence of dlrinkl. In unswer to questious by thie bench his statemeuts were quite cohlcrent, but he could assign no reason for his con" duct beyond that hIe supposed "it must have beat thie dcrinkd." ie was remanded until the followiluc day (Sattirday), when tieio witnesses overe in atteund ance. Thie evidence of Mr. Stewart and donstablc ic Elwsain, hceo arrestedl tihe prisoner, was takeuic, and lie was commuittedl hr trial at the next sessioaui Previous to his committal after receiving' thIe ubUal caution, thie prisoner stated that he milled the mure in question is order to relieve his minid, and gaves rambling statement that be wais afraid oft being slot by some person, and acted as Ie did to avoid suc, c result. Tlhere is nio doubt but the follow is partiaolly insane, and it is cell for the commqmity that Ilii arrest was quiclely made, or it is lilkely that lIct diabolical proclivities would have eventuated something more serious.--WVynyurd Times. Tuus IsntOUNDNo LAw,--lt is very dtesirable, fr manoy rossons, that early next session thie law roul tive to the impounaiog of cattle and the managemno. u.ofpblio pounds should undergo n considerable rhanbge, in order that a stop any be put to the very questionable kind of traffic which is now going on in stoi districts in the colony between the parties moot bmndficially joterested- ninmely, the keepers of the pouonod tho indiidnolo who ore lionigby trhe nnby..anceo d o liotrc.. that o yeteon.atiTo ispruodiig inevitably econes. eIn n malenloeUlitary thinlegle wdth rob'bery in resceoed to a"^ grae alttttni -evalthfc te f that impoundiags ore greatly no tnhe inhrease; and fet lwhyo live in the coontry dsu. tcrit hot teen get tho cittirgt i chto the nyste s which lio coaucel this increase. The evil eppears to oe morn prominent io the distritio n hre there e are larg ntsec.stations, ttan in those nhore the element of mall farmers exists ii somethinog like an equitable propoatio This is to be accounted for. The loonis isolated holder of a few acres is in many ithes dioonmed to he bunted oft't. To his richer nciglboir l becomes an imtaginarsy nuisance, withl liha tham of bultloks and his two or three cows; andu Sliaero en be talwvays found those whou have esuch a love for gain, and wnon care not wich is the nearest b-Vy to acquire it, as to lend tiemselves to o do the dirty wnork of the millionaire settler. 'ounds in Seome parts of the colony have becomo a perfect nut lance; antd it wouil avlost bo advisable were an inspector appointed to overlook tlihi, it tim same manner as it is proptosed to overlook the prisons of the colony. The o.Tice of those wIo are keepers of these nuisances, is i coveted state appointment; the income being, iu many instances, considetrably more than that of the coelonial secretary. It will, nio tdoubt ,be ende avoured to bo shownt by thie return recently ordered by parliament that the pouidkeeper is oft the class poor man. Many of the fraternity, very pro bably, only make twio ends meet; and those who are in tlat position will hail the proposal of a fixed .salary in place of poundage fees, &e.;, as a boon; but how will those who hlave been in tihe receipt of from -£100 to I.n000 a-year like the clinge? Never wwould their income have reached uiich a num lad it paot been for the premium that has sedn held out'for absolute dishoniesty. It was never contemplated by the Impounding Act to make the public * pounds of the colony a source of wealth to the keepers, stepping-stones to independ ence, and at the expense of individuals strug gling hard to support their families. The legis * laturo intended by its action to give protection to -those who being injurcd required it. and to give them a ready and simple meltod; butinever did it antici pate that the measure they passed would be no atbused as to give rise to a trade--tiat stock-riders Would be paid, directly or indirectly, by keepers of pounds to swell their profits by driving stock from one run over to another in order to establish a tres pass. So long as poundkeepers are paid by fees, so long will there be corruption. We hope that during the recess the government will tuao this very im portant question into consideration, and mature a bill that will meet the necessities of the country. Mr. Robertson has too may crotchety ideas on the subject to afford us hope.-Yass Courier. :Oscooccoco A/T GOULasnon, Onb th21st December, 1002, from -the estate of J. W. Clilslmlm, Esq., Breadclbanc:- - 'besnut rolt, star and snip, FM near shoulder; block colt, DY near shoulder grey gelding, chod, collar nmrked, M2F near bsuhouder ; roaun are, lik?e A over EA near shoulder; brown or biMk mare, three white feet, bald face, JOt over W and unotier 1Ilegible tter nser shoulder; broan yearling fily, 310 near shoulder boy gelding, bind feet "iite, 0 over m r shoulder CO ol shouler; damages nd driving 4s. oacht .brbndle-sided working bulloek, white back cud belly, ilL near ibs, like 53 near runp; damages n driving ls. sd.-- Also, by . .ildea:--Iled bullock, like MD oal rump; damages nnd .driving Is. 0. It not released, will bo sold on thelO 2t, poJanuary.--S. 1'assare, iaod. ndbeeler.-ls. 6d. * .' 'IMPOUNDED AT ilIeCLLAOO, on tie 29th December, 1802, by B. • Gamneosi dsriages anti ilrieissg lOs. -ilied saorling buhotsl,, • tar; 22 ribs.-- Also, oa, tshe itli, from thl Lagoon station, IBtura, by J. lopkins ; damages and driving Is. Od. each - Browsn or black bullock, M.) rump, A shoulder; r.cii-nide working ballock, KG rtunp; spotted ntcer, toll off ear like 0rrow hran~d shounldee ; swlite lsllseli, oar macliedl, tiha 6m? runsp ans ibiis; strasberyry seer, amelbransd and marki lrindle cow, G62 rump, 1D ribs, 11 over G shoulderl; red stcer, MB ribs; brindle working bullock,, It' off rump, C over It with C or G near ribs. If not releaaed witbin twenty-four days from date of publication, will be saold.-W. Lenibn, jnn., poundkeeper.-- s. Cd. .IPOUNDED AT CiUucsiNO, on the 25th Deceinber, 1802, faom IiTttle l'lains ; damagea Os. Od. each:,-Bay lisreo, star, Mt osn ihoulder, near eye blind, ,1 years old, 1 hands high; yellows aod wbiiis oa, aidlae ccbed hisrns, W, ste rur~p ; red o,,d swliiie ox, Ilt off rump. If not released, wili be salt ons the 15th j January.-W. :iudd, poundkeeper.--s. Od. \- ISeIOUeSD AT GieDAnoaa, on the 25tli December, 1802, from *airfield, by order of itr. Massey; damages Is. *ld. ;-Dark bay horse, collar and saddle marked, star, r over 2 over OX yeer TD shonulder, WO near ribs.-Also, ons the 27thi " daniages lid. :-iltas cc siraswbeerysieer, SOnear ruufie.--Also, on the 20ih, from Stony iHillby ir. W.Ilyan; damages Ids.: Bay mure blach poirilalibe ,15cverh erosasA near sheouder. . f nont released, wsll be sold on the 20th January.-OW. Allceke, '.'u.Odepc.-oer.-Is. lid. 