THE TARIFF CONFERENCE. No. II. 2b the Editor of the Herald. Sib, — My object in troubling you again so soon is to correct a typographical error in my last letter. In naming the Stairs which comprise tbe ' Zollvcrcin ' and ' bteucrven in ' of Germany, the word ' Ruaeia ' is printed iostcad of Prussia in two places. I did not intend to return to the subject of my last communication so early, but some of my friends have nrgtd me to follow up the suggestion offered in the concluding paragraph of my letter of Monday, recom mending some federal action on the part of the four Australian colonies in reference to' the collection and distribution of Customs' duties. Ism told that our own Premier is favourable to some arrangement of this kind, and that in all probability the South Australian and Queensland Governments would join him in bringing it about. But it is stated that the Ministers of Victoria are decidedly opposed to it; and without their concurrence it cannot of course he carried out. The public will be glad to learn that the acknow ledged, and I might say distinguished abilities of Mr. Cowpcr as a negotiator will be supported and sustained by tbe equally distinguished commercial abilities of his new Treasurer, Mr. Smart, who of course will accompany the Premier to the con ference. I do not wish to say any thing of either ofthise gentlemen.which might be considered as mere compliment. Their public reputation ia too well cs-abliehed to require anything of the sort at my hands ; but it is right to remind them that, in propor tion to the estimation in which Mr. Cowper is held for diplomatic skill, and Mr. Smart for business abilities, so will the public expect corres ponding results from their labours at the proposed conference. If then, they desire to sustain tbe well earned reputation they have hitherto enjoyed, they will meet the other delegates with a firm resolve not to enter into any business at the1 conference unless a proposal for bringing about a Customs' Union between the four Australian coioniis shall be recognised as a part of the programme of its proceedings. It is useless to waste time in trying to settle the points on which the ?clonics are at issue on any other principle. To endea vour to do to by any system of compromise will only engender jealousies and irritation, and give rise to ft. sh difficulties and disputes. Many plans haTe been suggested, but when tho roughly s'ftcd they ere all, to my mind, quite impracti cable. Bqnre say Jet ue adopt the ' permit' system ; but any Ore acquainted with the vvorking of that system' knows that !'to adopt it in _ the 'present day would not be . reform ? or improvement. It would simply be to take a spmerssul) backwards ov.r a space of more than half a ce .tury ol iiiligh'cued advancement in'o the fiscal darkness of the past. It would be raising, not the mere ghost, but t*e Viriiable reality of the most odious biaoch of tic Excite system if Scotland. Heavm knows «e have lately hid enough of re pacify and murder in the country districts ; and our tiadcis have betn suffering from heavy sticks and ct mtnercinl dulr.ces in our cities and towns. It would surety be a ttrange pmacea for thee evils to inaugu rate a pel cy which must tnd in embarrassing trade and demoralising tree people — a policy that recognise! tlic principle of hearing every trader and carrier in the Ccun'ry as a rogue, unletB he can prove liinself an honest man, and this is to be done by th* production ot a pic:e of vellum impressed with red letters, genuine cr spurious, as the can might be. Burely a mitiga tion t f the evils of inefficient policemen', now si much' tompUintd of, is not to be found in n sys'em which would let loose on the country a Bwsrm of ill. paid revenue officers to stop cveiy team and search every s-orc along our frontiers, supposed to contain dutiable goods. Such a staff of officers would be necessary if either the 'permit' or 'drawback' system of settling our fiscal difficulties be resorted to. I know of no benefit likely to arise from the adoption of either system ex cept one — and in the present posture of political affairs it might be important to secure ir. I mean the splen did field that would be opened up for the promotion of needy legislators, who might prove their fitness for a berth by a blind and subservient support, or a fac titious and unteasonable opposition to the Ministry of the day, whether Liberal or Conservative. I include both parties, because I am not one of those who think that the present Government are acting differently in the distribution of patronage to what their succes sors will do when their turn comes. But the truth is that, with the exception of a 'Tariff Union,' every scheme that I have heard proposed is, in my opinion, equally impracticable with the notable project of Mr. Gideon Lane and his coadjutors for the lormation of a ' free-trade' colony elong the banks of the Murray and Darling. As fhe district propose d to be erected into the new ' BivisRiNi: colon* ' is the seat of all our fiscal diffi culties and disputes on the South-western frontier, it may be as well to glance at the mode in which the project is to be carried out, Judging from their conversation and their published It ttcrs and speeches Messrs. Lang end Co. seem to find no mote difficulty in forming a new colooy than in selling cr a mob of cattle. They appear to be as expert in erecting a young State by tongue snd pea, bb the Gr.at Napoleon was ia upsetting old dynasties with fire and sword. But it is less difficult to destroy tlren to construct, end far cssitr to talk of isiabliatiing a colony than to do it. I frar, therefore, that Mr. Lang and his friends will fit.d a bard task to manufacture n new colony out ot the old material on the plan propojed. According to their thorns, manhood suffrage i9 to be ignored, and 'free trade' is to be established in its integrity, in the ' riveiine territories.' Now, all theic ideas are veiy good until they come ti be put into pracical operati n. Mr. Gideon Lang is a cleverer fellow then I take him to be, if he can pcr tuede the shepherds and stockmen of tbe district to yiild up their political rights for his promise of giving them cheep rum end tobacco. HVitheut en inch of seaboard belonging to the Murray district, and surrouided sb it is by the four colonies of Victoria, South Australia, New South Wales, and Queensland, it wi 1 puzz'.c the ingenuity of Mr. Ling to find out means of getting the said rum and tobacco into the sanctified spot where reveiue offiens will not be suffered to exist. Of one thing, however, 1 can assure Mr. Lang, that our new Fiasnce Minister (Mr. Smart) is not the mm to allow the new ' Eldorado' to land dutiable goods at ourporisendti carrythcmscrossoiiTtirritorywithoutexactiagthelfgal toll in passing. Tbe new colony would, therefore, be in the unpleasant dilemma of hiving to pay the duties without receiving tlie revenue. This difficulty appears to reta-d the progress of the separationist', and to have put an end to neivapapir corrcspi ndince and spcechityng for a time. It is only justice to the ptities concerned to admit that, in a theoretics! point of view, the idea was a magnificent ine as a commercial spcculati n. To have the privilege of dealing in duty fre ? goods, and supplying them at duty paidprices to the conterminous coioniis, would ccrtaiDly be a nice sort of thing for the new Government to begin with. No doubt for the idea of keeping all the trade and profit to themselves we are indebted to Mr, Gideon Lang, who must have picked it up on h'e recent con tinental tour, probably from reading the life of that worthy man, William the I., tbe merchant King of the Netherlands, who inaugurated that gigantic mo nopoly known as the ' Handel Maatschappy,' or ' trading society ' of Holland. But it is evident that Mr. Lang is not equal to the Dutch king in concocting a commercial speculation. For while the monarch succeeded in establishing the mo-t exten sive end profitable monopoly in tbe world, his hum ble imitator hes only succeeded in turning the tables upon himself, aud shewing how utterly he hss failed in his political arithmetic. So far we are safe for the present from the threat ened tearing from us of a valuable portion of our co'ony by tbe efforts of Mr. Long and his disciples, and having a groes monopoly and a political job estab lished st our very doors. 8o far the speculations of Mr. Gideon Lang and his fiiendB are likely to prove abortive ; and for the present their prospects are decidedly flat in the political market ; but as no mom y deposits have betn paid down, the financial consequences are not likely to be serious. \Vc understand that all that can pos sibly be forfeited in the concern ate the sanguine hopes ef its projectors. Still the bold and plucky efforts made to Jloat the scheme ere highly cteditsble to the sagacity and the energy of tbe piomoters, as I shall presently thew. It is stated that en offer of the Government of the rcw clony has been made to Mr. Cowper on condi tion of lending bis influence to promote the cause of separation. If Mr. Cowper should ever change lrom a patriot to a traitor, 1 would advise him to bargain for some thing moiesubttantial than the bribe held out by the squattirs of the Murray ss the price of his political perfidy. But the reply of our Premier, I am told, was patriotic and statesman-like in the extreme, when some of these gentlemen called upon hint lately on the subject. One of thorn informed me that Mr. Cowptr firmly told them that he was prepatcd to deal with them as a deputation of colonists, and would do all in h;s power to satisfy their just demands ; but that be must decline to treat with them as the pro visional Government of sn independent colony. 1 trust that Mr. Cowpct ana Mr. Smart will take the EBme high and honourable ground at the ' con ference' on the subject of CUSTOMS-UNION. 18th March, 1863. 