I HORSES IMPOUNDED. URANA J Brown ««Mt. g. star, 'ong tal'.uobroken. B new .heal ?*'TA£B\ nOnnÀi'mr n.s.o. hind tVrt -hit«. UB near «bou-de, j da* " V «Wing. «Ur. DO ««i «houlder. bay «ld »g. «t r, hind rTtwlTlt«TÚÓ i.èîr »boulder: or.eanut maw, white «tripe I» t.a>. «'rwiiu^rnCnSToh« ut co 1.1 foot «branda*; eh..nut m Je!oT ölt «bou der. OM onujolnad no« .hon,drr «.".>. «f . b.rfllT RB one shoulder, blotch brand on th« other, bayTt,r? Mit. .ti; «dr lp II»« BS .rou dor« : çhMnu. m^ whlt.! ^. 08 nVar shoulder : bay fl'ly unbranded : dark brown m »rd. Ul cn r"ri^"a0a l^nma bnnd oft neck, girth galled, young fo»: "HTNAMWC.: Bay My. .tar. h bb« °n fore es. E ah nldara T off rump, a year« o d ; flea-Mtlen g ey mar«, llerib a brand »nar «boulder. 0 off al.nu'dor, .add « marked. n ar llodo«n. »««d. 'Shanda high, nay horse, bad face. II OT r-uea, ¿bon dw/'TF'o.T shoulder, aged' lift tvnds high} bay «»».».»;' eye ..ut,à«r.i.li>lf»tock«whUo ba d on-near aniO.Ï ne.r abou der and ramo, bay fo» at '"«t. unbranded. . IIAnOft.VB ? Bay mara.CS oyor O'* » ea, »bon der, Ilka G CC frooond Or Toreod)off ahouldiT: bay Ally.CC nearahmilde ; dark b«ii«i mari Ike W «Ith W revers d eyer .nd VIV conjoined S, ofiahou der.-hlte a ot. a ono: back a ll« e girth g.lla.«. fl ly fo°l It fo "t b »ck fl ly. Indescrlbab e br.na ah.uldara, «bout » TÏuVoRvt?^T^T stnr. sher. tall.C with WO under and OHM conjoined under VTO noar auanlder, UM conjoined 'near iht/h l< ye».rao<d.lB hind-hl h. _ GUND »ROO : Dark Iron-gtoy pony, «ko spar brand and I nar, abou'dor. Ike n I oonjnlncd otTabou der ; giey maro, - ovar JB I ""ï\i".,l n-R, -hnulder. TM off rump. . TARALGA: Black mire. BE *houl lera co lar marked, airea, handelrgh: i'nrW b own or bino* mara, «tar anil ar ne, JL « W A oT«r like W oidor near shoulder, JL near rump, u over I! ahnn dar. 4 yea- a o d, 5 hauda high. , GUNDAGAI: Bay mara, »tar mid fnlp, B near shoulder; bl pony mare, os nver lt near, abouldur, boc mano, a litt e «bite n bind fetlock ; h auk hp ne. «tar T ovor T e mjnlned near sh<ud bay filly, et r. By off shoulder: blaoV entire, C near abou dar. COW ft *. : Brown horse, ssdd-e and collar mar. ed, I na*'»h< dor. Uko TRor TKover W off s louder: roan mare, *° onrMn shoulder, foal ¿t foot samo brand : black maro aama brand, foal foot, sams br»ni ; ehannut maro, bro ten in, no bland vlstb e ; n co't, Pl» over PP noar eh ulde\ ' YASS: Bay mara.hind feet wh'to. TUT. sideways under W shoulder; bay colt, near bind foot wb't«. JR »oar ahouldor. sn «'ar; bay mar«, saddle «nd co lar marked, ema 1 atar, JU n abonld r, hang tall; Ilk« n< Hegtblo brand under saddle, at about oyeara old.14 hands high ; brown ge'ding, «mal hlaxe,n hind fat'ock wht.o. JAI over Bo* H near shouder, swltab I broken In, ' years old .'6 banda, high: bay filly IJ rjaar sbnu'd bri V'bav tl' y .star b otohed brandoff sbo'ddar naur bind foot vb OOULBORV: Iran-«, ey goldina-, l.l»<«-*x white, w with : over »n>l « tiu'lor noar shnn dor. ML off shan der | gr- y mar«, ; upside down nearstvulder: hay m ro, W over M near shnuti WI. sear hip; bay ll y foal, unbranded ! ohcemit maro, C wit dinmont! off shoulder : obaanut filly foal, nob and«I; bay e «tar, O within diamond »hon der I eheanut mare, three whit« f ? tar. W over M near ahonlder, 1 oil ahou «ar ; bay bo sa tba', 1 branded ; black fl ly, wilt« «tripa down faoo. C o Tor CO nc*' abc der. COoff shoulder ' hay mare, star, hind feet white ike X br ! conjoined wV-hln- diamond ; hay fi ly foal, unbranded t eben fl ly. «tar «nd white «trlpo in face, O over O near shoulder; bro getdl rr sta',JO rna- » noar ahouldor ; roan 111 y, JD off .honk BLACK CREEK: Brown mare, atar, HUI whlta on near bl foot, lump on ahnuldors. earea »n bead. F over W o 'njo pad I ?hmldor: bavlibrsep ny,swlloh t»ll.M near shoulder.; attest mare, whlta strips down race, white feet, IO (tba O reversed) n -shoulder. 7 nea^ neck a bay colt nt foot, star, unbra dod, ? TEN" MILE OltEEK. BILLY BONG: Bay maro, g ey spot rump, like WO upon JR eyer v noar «hou dor, aged. 14V4 hal high; Ighthiy norsefoal,mei'y muíala, progeny of ahora; di brown horse.'saildl"and-orarmaried. »ota.ll star, UB near t and arrow nITahnntdnr aicd. IA hands high. ¡ KENILWORTH YASS: Bay raa-e.blaok points, long all, wrltlnc e pita' near Bhoulder, like SO off shoa'dor. ABERDEEN-: Bay colt, <-» o«or II near ribs, bind feet wh white in face 5 ye rn old, 13 l and« high ; bay flt y, 8 rum thighs, li months old ; ohesñut horse, bs; over N" near shnu'l whit« feet and faoo. 6 years old 14 hands high ; bay 111 y, OB n neck 8 near "hon der oOT hind foot white, a years old ; bay H ly, near shou der. >8 mont' a »'d; hay mare, ll M nonjotned i ya? zn ?shoaller, «ged 1« hand» high : font unbranded : bay draught hoi K over DIT ns r shou der, wblto in fae«' . ear bind foot white, ai IS nanda high ; hay draught ho so, like mi'over *» near sbouh star hind feet whlto, riged. 10 hands high, RICHMOND: Iron grey horse, UT otT. shoulder, off eye bil aged, inc hand* high. . NORTfl W *QG » WAGGA njrown mare,-by'àr G TI off she dc-, >- ovor Indescribable) brand rear ahonlder aged, 'filial high ; grey mare. RIO near shoulder, «'4.0 over trl&ng; e off. tho d<-r. 932 "ear neck, sadd e marked aged, »bout 11 banda high ; I maro Bil over V. near sbou dor; bald face, whit« bind 'ega sad mark d, aged ; black bo-«o°, sh«d, near bind foot whit«. J- VV shou d«r, about 4 years o d, I4LJ hmds high ; ohrsnut man, J ober lin near shoulder oaf near. faou'd»r »nd ilba, 4 near thl| (tro'ffshoàldér.'aaademarked,blaze abomVI years old; hay cc unproven. ^R.oTvr«near shlUlder,'about 4 years old. 15 han high; I lack maro. T ott aboatU*r, *? off thigh, « bav filly foal font, unbranded ; b «ok co t, unbranded, about IS months old : b mare,-tar, LSI n-at shoulder . about :i yeara old: ohesnut fll sl|vnr mann and tat unbranded,about ts monthso'd. . COI LECTOR^ Blaok m »re, .tar.awitoh tail, SS noarsbonldcr yearne d, 16 hand« blirli ; brown ma n. -.21 with IIB over and under ñearsl ou'der.ES oft nhonlder. Synars old, lo hands hlgl brown coll.S"q V n ar shoulder, S1V with BSnyorandNo v und oil ahonlder, 12 months od, 12 hands h'gh; brown ca't. sti black points, no brand leglb'e, 3 yoars o d, IV lunds high: bi mare alar. Gil nair shoulder, ll years old, 16 hands high; bi filly, hind feet white, MB near shou'der,' 'i ? years o'd, Iv ham high; bny -filly, O ovor No 2 off »boulder, 13 months od; ohesm mare, M or II near nock, aged, lt bands high : chaînât mare, ats noar hind foot white, J M over (1- oo. r shoulder, ag d, 16 ban hluh: hay man), «»ar, Maok point«, JK sideways near shoulder, Off ne«k, s yean old, 16 liando high; bay horso, star, btrck point Jil conj In«'sear thou der, '6 yo ra old, 16 banda high; bro« maro, black points, blind off eye, K off shoulder, 4 years old, I han 'a high. YOUNG: Chosnut horse,' Maro, ITO near ehou'der. near hi down i floa-bltten groy mare Uko BS (tho S roversedi off oh-u'de; blind near eye; aged, 14 bands high; bay lioso, HAB oonjol a near «boulder,«ged.'OhsndB i ljh J floa-Mtten grey horse, bi* near eye un randed, aged -fl hands high; hay boree. UM nea shoo dor. M ov'-r I orr shou'der, hind feet white, star, IB hand high; black mare IYK near »hon der sadd'n markos!,' star, aged bay entire p -ny. TP near Should r. "J near rib», vi near 1 ump ; ba hors» JKtraoj'dnod ne*'shoulder.smut etsr.htnd(botwnlca'; ba . "'ly. fir n ar s) ou dor, J near rump, start brown horse, star an «nip. off fora foot wh te UO near chou der, IK hands Ugh; ba borro.-M' Ru MT shoulder, blaok points. Iv hands high . IfOltUYA: Chosnut horso, ll egl"l« tjrliud near «uuutdcr. Uko' orr noon, off feet whit», saddle mark on back bone, whlta bia« about to yaa s oM,about'A bands high. MOLONG: Bav hose. Uko BR (tha R writing capital) nea shoulder, sina i sntn. star ngod,IA banda high, a naroity brokoi .in: rnsn ma 0, WW o-or RIV noar Bhouldor. dite M writing oapl t*'off shoulder, hind logs whlto.nged. I4>úhands high,'brakon lt nfo'it .tfimt unbranded; bay fl ly. II J bli chou der, 8 years old 13 hands high, ' ' 1 , ? RYLSTONE; Bay mara, stir, naar bind foot whit», WC no* shou,der; b aok colt, tl 11 oar shoulder, about 2 years old, 1:1 bandi high.-ffoi-rre, 3llth December, I8t»2. ?' ". , BURROWA: Chosnutmnro. RoO sli^ullorand ribs, aged, fo» atfoot.u branded; ohosuutpony, bang tal ,-bog mano O non shoulder, 2 years old '11 BUNOEND HIE: Brownish maro,star, wh'to on noar hind -tog DJ nonrnbrru dor: brown 'sh yarling colt, star, ,ong en!p. whlu on near fore m l off hind futlnckB, Fîî near shoulder ; browntil illy star, little while on noar hind fetlock sarto br. n rt : llchtchcs nut colt, star and «nip, whlto on near hind lo?, s .mo hrand. ' COLLBOTDR : Chosnut co t Waao down face, off hind font ahite nnearshou'rlor, îyoars Old. '4 han-tshlgh ; brown maro, star.hl ú feot n. Iltttowh to, J IC ovor JÍ.T or RT off should-r. a ye irs old, 11 hnnd* high : hlack fl ly star, near hind and off fore foot white G or CT off shoulder, 8 years e ü, 16 banda high : groy horso iloo-blttoo tí nm TI nnar shou dor. aged. r> hands high. J \- if UDOBIO: Phcsnnt co t. about i years old, indoscrlbab'o brand Uko AT noar shoulder; bay horse, about li hands h gb sadd c marl-od. 'V ovor O near shou] 1er, -Ising 4 yoara od. a fow whit« hairs In face : b iy hor«o, star, bin I frt oeVo white, about IO ' bands lilth, «addle nurhe.l, 4 near nee., Hr under «wlilln near side, aged ; black hnr«o, about 14 hands high BF nonr el ou'd r. HOCKLEY: Chnsnut maro star, long tall, Ilk« It3 oyor lt near ebouldn-,-1 y ara oi l, I i^Tí hand« high. ' fi 'UTI! GUND tOAI.Oiay maro boll on, W writing oapllalnear nock 4 ovor EK no r shou dor, 6 years o'd. o bands high ; bay fl'iy. Elf near shotf dor. 1 year old; b y horse, naur hind foot whlto 5 over CO nearsheuldor 4 yoars o d, 14 hands high ; brown maro, star »add-« mar od. Mover VT,conj Ined near shoulder, IIW con- joined niT shou dar aged. 14 hauda high. , TAMWORTH: Brown mare. JJ over B near 'boulder, near bind foot wblto star; brown mam. samo brands; bay solt, I'S oar shoulder, 8 ohoo>< ; ebesnut ma o, J.O 00 joined near »boa der; b«y horso; G with O over and UK under noir shou dor, .> off shou - dor% hiato : grey 00 t, liidlstlnot br.nd off sbou der I chest!u' .m ra, B sldoways noar neck. Horor lUoTl 1 i,enr shou dur, R near thigh; hrokon In. hlnso 1 bay horso, "» over w ? near shoulder, broken In ; .boy maro M and I ?Idewaye over WB near ahouldor, near hind I foot white*. Tko AO off shouldnr, broken in : br wa ma-e OG over , 8 near shoulder,: hay mare a with 0 ovo. and JO under near shoule 1 dor 18 off »boulder; hoy aiy. Jt% noar shoulder, docked all ; ohos nut linnie, MIT over X noar a' oulder, broken in; boy lior'o.'(13 rib» TI oil shoulder, b oken In ; bay 111 y, IV near shoo d>-r, alar, off hind foot wlilto ; brown maro, BL sideways nonr sbou der ; groy maro O-n nearsbouldorand chook. Hchoes»; bny maro. Ufo (the Jil eonjolnoil) oarohoek Wain; grey colt,linear tbouldtr W off shou'dor and thigh ; b own hone, JO oflru'ip and neon, broken In; b-own maro. j| ll ? o- Joined with . -ovor and M undur near alt "nuleri Olly. J near«houldor.dockod tal'; brown horse I>l < off shou dor, star; b ,y maro GO wltu S nnnr shou dor¡ briwn 00 t.samn brands, star; brown pony DO ovír K near sliouldor ? off hli.d toot whlto, »tar; buy maro; B with 8 sldoways near sboutdor; bay filly, I'S Hoar ah- u 'fer : hay maro, OM oror WT near shoulder. TAMBAROORA: llsy gelding, whlto faco hind foot white, Uko anchor brand over W-nearehouldor.-QowMr, ind Janu irv IBO!. ' WiJAT A* BATONKT OB Anas is.-Notwithstanding thc recent Improvements mudo in artillery and portable fire- arms, tho poynnet U still considered tho mo't doo sive woe/. Son in dose conflict,, 'I be eolonco ol' projectiles hes pro need nothing a'odeadly sud sn (lilli mi t to withstand, i Troops that will advance undauntedly in the' f"CO 'of n-K/hi'liorina fire, may yet luck' the nerve to meet a, lino bf-levelled steel! bannon are nften fired.-too hiuh or too low; andi out ol every hundred nh ita, in platoon-firing, not one In twenty, five killi) or wounds; ' Hut tho blado of tho musket, truer than ita hall, rarely mis«a ita mark. lu a collis on of bay- oneta, down ROCS tho front rank on either aide-and then oho br tho other party «¿tve* way, and thopunalt Israatderous. To mnko a' bayonet sharpe requires - more than ordinary oourageaiid cli-clpline; to receive and rrp-il one, tho utter rrioat pluck and thei roost' perfrot'disciplino oorablnrd. Kven the veterans under Napoleon ttavo way befoie the cold steel pf tho British infantry ; and Wellington .enjoined it', upon bia soldier» >tb pl nen I detr chief duper dotioo upon, that silent bnt mast terrible bf hit deadly weapons. Tho ugly enough three cornered instrument, ot <yellington's day baa been somewhat replaced by a weapon still more frlghtMl in appesranooi though it, ls doubtful. whether tito modern rifle-sihro inHiata a moro dangerous wound than its anyttlur firedece<aor ; 'but ncitlcr of ti em ia atifUciently inviting in ta as|.eot to induce any ono to cultivate olo'so acqunlntanoe with lt in the fl.ilü as a matter of aho'co. The popular idea Of a bayonet combat ia wide of th» trut h. We aro told that ' tho new ba oh»t Ia preferable - to tho old fa- bione t one bo oauan ir.ls n' bettor ftinclng Implement.. But tho ftot ia that Vèry llttleftnoing. ia dino-.with .tlie, bayonet under.apy. eiroutn;tonnes.', In oases whare the chargois firmly j rribt -. and tliciy a'rp'raro' there ia nblosh bf atoel) a momentary struggle, and then a iQooil bf Ute weakoror lois determined '-farlie! ,; Thereatli raaisoern. The-actual ooHaton r-eld-icn last-» raorattm'ri afc* seconds, noyer inore1 Mian two or three minutes.:' All-titoetorlos'abbul proUxotodann Statswith'Mio bayonet, in 'wkiolt¡ tim opposing' Ionics nro said ti have swayed backward nmj furhra d, fof ? ImU an hour ot so> la. mortal «trlfe, are pure inventions , ,'? - >'.,n. 1 .; ., ,'.'<?" . ' <.". . ."".» . . i.,'t"v-'r .f':«v i ».. » ..' f-: ..'^ - '" *'.;'''.'* * WHO II RxnAriTf-The rebel General J, E, B, Bl Bert I» the «ne r f bo Ula A o-ibaldS airi, for aar'r«l reara* member r f (ba Hon» pf Bepriaentetlvee of the TJnJtid Platea from tba diatriot wblob tben embraced (ba county ni Patrick, in Virginia, wher.\ we bellera, be wai boro. At a V«rr early- rge rte gave token af a q'aiek and activa mind. Hie father di'd ten or twelve yeera ego: his mother yet lives. James E. B. Smart entertd the Ml'tity Academy of West P int in fhn year 1830. Among nnntemporaries at tbat ioati'Dton trr»: Anhrosa P. Hill, Henry Hath, George H S euart, Ï. H. Holm«-, Beverly H. Bobertson, N. George Evans, Stith ii. Barton, Alfred Cnmmiog, and Xnomaa S. Rhett, nf tba rebel army; and Baroelde, Viele, Wilenx. Cogs, well, and others of grea er or less repnte in the Union arny. Among tia immediate classmate* were Colon e's John P^Dgrarn, Georga W. Go'tia live, and John B. Villepinne, now well ki-otvrj lo the rabel servier, and Major Grable, of the Union artillery, who was killed in the first battle ol the war, at Great Bethel. In the Urion army, tba .hight st rank attained by Stu ott waa (bat of fl rat lieu, eniat, bat this was in the Fi-at Cavalry, a regiment noted for ita cfBaers, of which Geop'aV Sumner was Colonel, and Major General Joseph E. Johnston, of the rebel army, Lieutenant C»Ional. There are doubtless rn file in the Diceonholeaof the War Danartroant at Waili. ington, official reports of many encounters with too savages, rseordlog in . ear», dry, eold manner, enter, piises whiob, in lbs glowing narrative of a Walter 8ootl or an Alexander Comas, would vie in interest wiih tho stories nf chivalry. Ons of thean only, in wbioh Lieu, tenant 8'uart boro a part, has been record id in oar newspaper*, bat the account ia as short and an*aii». factory aa poaaible. Ou the 29th Joly, 1857. at a'time when we were absorbed with the Atlantic telegraph and otber exciting matt'ra of the «piping times of peace." Colonel Sumner encountered a force of three hundred bravea cf the Oaeyenne' tribe,, strongly posted anon Solomon's Fork ol ibe EmsBR River, and, after a sharp struggle put then» tn flight io great disorder. In this eombat Lieutenant Stuart waB severely wou-ded. At tbe outbreak of tho cresent war Lieutenant Stuart resigned bia commission, a»<i offered bia ewnrd io tbe eaaseot tba South. Ilia tinneoessary to refer to bia exploite linea that lime, They have been laid before tba public. Wiih bi« rapid risa front a coloneloy to the command of ? brigade, and soon .fier to the rank .of a M'jor-Oeneral of Ctrelry.our reader* are familiar. Perhaps tbe most stn ing and aocceaafol of all hi* expedition» were the Paronnhey ra<d tor agb M'Olallan's lines, in which Ibn rebel Cap- ".». tain Iiatane wat loit, and the recent descent upon Cat. latt's Station, where be gathered ap the offiaial correspondence .and fall dresa uniform eeat of General Pope. Aa a cavalry officer. General ' Stuart combines with bia regalar West ? Point training, ranon of the elan of .- Jib'n- : Mor- gen and.' Turner Ashby. Ready for any enterprise, bia military motto seems ti he that of «he French leander, " Del av ¿lac t, weare â* V auâaee, toujourt di f audat*"-r and.bia raid yesterday into P. no»yl«aoi« ut ema to nave aurpasssd bis previooa' acts' ol audacity, lo .the ol'! army. Stuart was universally known ander, tbe olçkname nf " Beauty Stuart,» BS refl-oting upon bli p«reon>) sn piarsnoo. Tbe lower part ol bis faee is orel Bowed by u torrent of reddish brown beard, bat sooordtog ti rebel authority, bia eye ia bright and mobile, bia mi>vetn< ntl are full of grace, bis address is pleasing, hie pert lofty, and bia horsemanship perfeof. General 8tn«rt married a daughter of Philip St. George Cooks', 0<l>nel of tko S'oond Dragoons ia th« United States Army. Thia oflloer, a Virginian by birth ar d edaeation, is the brother o'the lata Johu B. C*oke, of Riobtnond. Ii was said that one of Stuart's objecta in the Pumunkey expeditian wa« to uka bia tather.ln-lew prisoner. CAVALRY.-One of tbe «anace of oar military failures li the want of a good eavalry foroo. Wnen tbe war broke out Government resolved to have no eave!ty, or very few. This senseless deteimlnetloo was sooo re- voked, and sn enormous cavalry waa Axed npor, as one extreme led to the other, the just measure being utterly unattainable-. A tirga namber of o-ivelry was desirable, but it requires muon time to train horsemen, and wo had little limo and fow teaohers. Our trae rolloy was, to form a small cavalry fora» ea aoon as it could be dona, for early action, while, a much larger one should have been trained for the futuro. liad thia coursa been pur ulled, we should now hive bad at our command a body nf horse that ra'gbt hove sufficed to render invadion ai the North all hut impotsible. Aiming at too much, fe*/ good boran soldiers were got by Government, nud Anally many oavalry regiments were converted Into infantry. Tho enemy" bare . go d oavB'ry, men who began tbolr osroer as a sort of irregular light, ht rse, but whom aorvica and saaoess have aonverted into sa efQolcnt a military body aa eeo be found In tba wor d. The South baa alway» been lamons for its horsemen, but between mere horsemen and a regular cavalry Ibero la muob differenoai end tba latter we might now hove had if proper meaaares had been pursued, arid it would have boen of inestimable vain« to as at 'his time. Men who oould oharge vigorously, tating the point and edge ?of tbe «word, would have boon exactly the fores to burl against the enemy's mistes that were about to enter Pennsylvania. They would have made their defeat oar« tain, and would bavo rendered their rntreat Jar;oa»ib)e, Aa mattera ere, the Secessionists; appear to" haws the same advantage over ns with respect to the eavalry arm, that we have over them with respect to the natal arm. Wo 'entertain' no doubt of the abilities of . oír .armies ta boat the enemy, ' if they, should bs nWill led, but we regret that they sra n not . stronger in cavalry, «blob lg aiefnl in.. winniug battles, and in ' uevenling a defected foe from rallying, if tba war Is lo go on, and iba cavalry »rm should reçoive the attention ila value ouglit to secure for it,it is to be hoped that tn.eaai will betaken to render it thoroughly effluent, so that na more suoh disasters shill occur ia have appeared in Virginio, only beoause our horne bad not been properly aired for by Government. Above all, let strong boraea ba provided, as good mounta are indispensable, and we should. bo better off without eavalry than'ira contd be with i oavalry badly mounted. Tbe horse and the man should alike be go d, or tney must be worthless. There is no medium in the business. Tho cavalier who Jt.uQt Brat-rate is good for nothing.', Strong, heavy faoiBsa are necessary for oavalry who are to' be employed ip tho; 'charge. ' ' Brave and - acoomplit-hed as wero i tho heavy oavalry of tbe English at Waterloo, they oonld [ have ¡dono little bnt for the weight and good ooodilion of Iheir nor»ef. It was said mat the speetaele, athen ' t'iey oharged the Frenob boras, was bf men OD boraea oharging monkeys on gca's, so moon smaller were tho : gal ant Frenchmen end their steeds than their anugev ninia. Tho wolght of the (English horse did es mno>i at»' waa done by the bravery of their riders. L-t us imitntn the English, and mount same of oar best men on tho ' -îeat trained borsep that can ba bad, at any prioe. That dono,' we shall hive a oava.'ry. superior to tte Southern iborao; a body of soldiery worthy to be mentioned iii history and in poetry with the ''noble six hundred" wini died »nd booamo immortal at Bslablavä.-Soston Tro- ve 1er. . . GEOBQE FRANOIS TR AW- Tn« Oouiir JOHANNIS.-Tho Démocratie party' in Massaohasetta ' is drag^inp along slowly, and thus far baa no', »ncoaeded tn inoculating tho manoa with any groat amount of enthuiiaam. ' It Ina hui from the very beginning- ono terrible clog upon it* taon monta, to wit: tho aupport of .the Boaton Cottrl'r. A party wbioh can keep its hoad long above vrate , under the . dead weightbf that intern. ly .? conservative " institution, mast be. powoiaed of an extraordlnary amonnt bf vita Sty. And, added to the Courter drawback, there ia another sore infliction which tbë now1 nartv ia onrlnrlno- in hnvlnrr fur ¡ts chief, spokeiman, to tho m nasas, tho rattle-brained George Franois Train, coup ed with that solemn pudding. Lead, the Gaunt Johannes. George is trying hard hi be» martyr, and carno tory near being gratified the other night in JTunouil Hall,' whoro he bad intruded himself for the par. po'ei of replying to Charles Rammer's ratification speeoh. He lia I gone tbo-e folly prepared to annihilate the Massa ohneotts b'otmtor, bot the people would not a'low bim to do so crcol a thing, and ' io' they ínstlod bim out bf - the hall. This Incident, famished ? irrepressible Qeórgo with an cxauao for oomipg oat'> in 'a, nani, wherein, M*w worm-liké, {tie gloried in tho "indignities' that had been pat upon him, and even blasted of having been, knaokod down , for his impertinence. Tho Count, lesi im nUivo than bia ooadjutor, and having an oyo withal to'tbó almighty dollar, proposes to do things in a moro quiet way ¡ ho, thereforo, otters to dollver a series . of orations in behalf of tho party for the -round aum (if '£1000.; If tho coalitlon shoulu deolluo lu's ulTor, thu Ho /publicans should by all means paton ap tho sam demanded, and sot tho Count a-going. It needs no propViVa ghost to predict that a party which ls mainly represented on tba stump b> snob, shallow spouter*- aa raia and Johannes will full rt vu rv long war shert of arnsbiug out Gov. Andrew and Chailos Sumner, f Train aubaeqaeutly dellveroJ, la another , looitlltv, the " reply, tb Samnor' which wa«, so unceremoni- ously out olTIn Fanoull Hal). Uere ia an oxlraat. frora it. *'l would put down this rebellion though-it ran rivera df blood. ' Tho Union must bo maintained. Ho (Mr Train) cot'ld BOO pniicoolioad. ,. lt vgbuld. eotno froni Kichmond itt Ct) clays'. -. He waa tba self appointed Btnbassatlol|of America in K! nglaad. and he wonld be nu less Hart that hère to o» tormlilato ibolltiooltiin., ITe dared to bo an "American in . Knglan J, and bu bad dared to bo ono in B"»nenll Hall. All be 1 wanted was to make white moa as good aa . biggera' and thus a oin tho torrent bf abolitionism. ' Having'ijnjslied bia lsbo'rs lioi e, ho was going ,'to Illohrnondto arruiign for u po ico sutt lemcut. That accomplished, and the, nation oticn "utnru proj, crups, iinlted lind happy, be should tttjra U,O0O .lriihuniu ovbr'to Ireland and libérate that oppreaioU land.' 