TOWN TALK AND TABLE CllAf Aldruman Bamiutt filed a notico yesterday ut the Town Clerk Office, thnt on .Monday next ho would movo : — 'That this Council having represented tb the Government the urgent necessity for tho erection of suitable buildings for Police Offices, a committee be appointed to con sider and report upon the practicability of erecting, for the sum of £6000, suitable buildings for a Town Hall and Polico Offices on the land in Cameron and St. John Streets, granted to this Corporation, comiilionaltji that _ the Government )-ay over to the Council the proceeds arising from the sale of the present Police Office buildings and land, together with Ruuh an additional sum as shall amount to £2000.' After mustering at the Volunteer Buildings on Monday evening last, the Lauuccston Volunteer Artillery Corps, under the command of Captain Cowle, mnrched out of Town as far as New stead. The First Light Cavalry Corps will parade on the Market Square nt 2 o'clock tn-duv. in undress uniform but with cloaks. The Corps will be inspected by Major Home. The annual meeting of the Launcestou Cricket Club was held at the Criterion Hotel, on Saturday lost. There was a fair attendance of members on the occa sion, Dr. Maddux, the Vice President, in the Chair. The following officers were elected : — Adye Douglas, Hsq., LL H. A., President : Dr. Maddux, Vice President ; Mr. A. Butler, Secretary ; Mr. W. A. Collins, Treasurer ; Mr. W. H. Walker, Captain. Connnitteo : Messrs. II. E. Lctte, M. IL A., Gaunt, Green, Sharpe, Allanby, and Wcstbrook. The Secretary was requested to communicate with the various clubs, stilting that in all future j matches the rules of the Marylebono I CricketOlubwillbestrictlyadheredto, and I calling particular attention to rales 10 and I 24\. It was also decided that iu any I future mutches nu members of cither I club be allowed to act as umpire. Tho I first Saturday iu October was fixed for I the first day of practice. I The persons who kindly undertook to I collect subscriptions for the relief of the Saor sufferers iu Ireland met in St. osepli's Schoolroom at a quarter past 8 o'clock on Sunday evening, when the following amounts were handed over to the Treasurer :— Collected by — Messrs. Patrick Kavanagh and Patrick Rice, L29 Os. Od. ; by Messrs. J. Kavan agh and J. Ellis. L24 Os. Od. ; by Messrs. J. Kennedy and J. Galvin, Ll6 18s. and by Messrs. C. Galvin and J. S. Harvey. Ls 10s., which with some smaller sums amount to nearly LlO!). A collection will be made nt St. Joseph's Church on Sun day uext to give the congregation a final opportunity uf subscribing to tuir|!audabla object. In the meantime the collectors will continue their exertions in aid of the fund. On Sunday last the Rev. Charles Woods made .a touching appeal to his congregation on behalf of the poor suffer ers in Ireland. He exhorted them to imitate the good Samaritan mentioned iu the Gospel of the day, who had shewn mercy to, and bestowed his cliarity even on n stranger. The recent improvements in the art of raising ghosts and making them per form on the stage as such, arc the new ? attractions at the London theatres : — ' On ? ( Saturday night,' says the ' Morning Post,' ??/ ' the story of Mr. Dickon's ' Haunted Mlf Man,' adapted to the stage, was produced ?Tu at tho Adelphi, illustrated by the new Bra optical apparitions. The storv of the B11^ ? Haunted Man,' it will be recollected, w B ™ one that enforces a general satisfaction iat j with things as they are, by the story of a BP' scholar, haunted by remembrance of early arr' wrong, who purchases oblivion of tho 'if.' past only by dissatisfaction with tho pre- ™J scut. The play is divided into five tab- Jr ' leaux, iu two of which the ghosts appear. }oul In the first, which is also the opening of far| the narrative, Mr. Rodlaw the dissatisfied hJ£ man of science, h seated by his solitary J-Ii fireside, surrounded by all the elements ^ of chemistry, as shown in retorts, alcm- m* hies, crucibles, and evaporating dishes on ' a large scale, and to him enter the pban- '™ toms of his early and dismal recollections. J2* To those who have not seen Professor 5 Pepper's experiments, it will be sufficient W to say that these impalpable or intangible creatures have all the solidity and sem blance of life, are absolutely indistin guishable from real objeots, though visionary and incorporeal as Macbeth's air-drawn dagger, aud vanish as readily.' The ' Argus' of the 8th inst. says,—' ' f ho T ghost' — the veritable 'ghost' of theLondon koi Polytechnic and the Britannia Theatre— is tias about to make his appearance before a wli- Melbourne audience this evening, at tho 1 Haymarkot Theatre, in tho good old froi drama, 'The Castle Spectre.' Professor and Pepper's recent discovery iu optics is to be exhibited on the Melbourne a[a'e A 1 'real' ghost is to make his, her, or its «., bow ; and an equally unsubstantial spectre m is to 'strut his hour' next V'ondayatthe Princess's.' The first appearance of tho Ghost in, Melbourne is thus critised by ( the ' Argus' :— ' The promise that a ' real nes fliost would be produced at the lwi laymarkot Theatre on Monday was pn sufficient to draw an unusually large coi audience, all parts of the house having 8n been well filled. The ' chost must bo ' soon to be appreciated. But this lnuoh may nt least bo said, the illusion is un doubtedly very remarkable, and the in vention must, in a, certain sense, create sv revolution in stage arrangements. Tho play chosen for the introduction of it3 ghostshin was the old and fear-exciting drama of ' The Castle Spectre.1 with Miss Lookhart and Mr. It Youngo 111 the load ing parts : *r. Milne filling the part of lather Philip, and Mr. R. Stewart that ot Motley. Ihe drama has been a popular one for years, and is familiar to young and old. It need only bo said, therefore, that it was well played on Monday, aud and that the ghost scenes— for the appa rition has three appearances— were suc cessful, Sugood, indeed is the illusion, tlint those not learned in what passes be liind tho foot-lights, might easily have fancied that a visitant from the spirit world liad actually taken possession of tho stage for a timo.' Tub Cricket mania is commencing early this season, and letters received by the Northam' will tend to increase it : — flie Melbourne Herald states tliat Mr. G. Marshall has received a letter from George Parr, confirming the selec tion of Willshor as one of the twelyo cricketers who nre to visit Australia during the close of the current year. The team were to soil by the Great Britain at the latter end of September, as the new ECorialeft at too early a date. F ? i alao Parr has written to r'^ISvtoey, Thanking him for I that his engagement with Mar Lrevented hm from accepting it. IS hoover, that the unpleasant flcb had eristed between the lo'ics sinco the intercolonial match Ificsday evening, the lGtU of July, Knot was given to Mr. Towns, I yg Rooms, by a number of ceu F'? i^LfJi in the Australian ?, ' fa recognition of his services RXcin'tue system of registering ITS which now goes by bu ?Tudhas been the mcanu of cheapen ?e cost of transactions of sale or fciuen'ce of the inclemency of Ether yesterday, the entertamment Kneed to be given in the Hall of the ?anics institute us 'i* -rT j — fe Said of tho Orjan Fund, was ?oned until further notice, fc obituary contains the annouuee I Of the demise of two highly re Id and well-known old colonists, Ed |Tobin, Esq., 11. N-, of Mount Port I West Taraar, expired at hia resi I, Pattcrbon-street, on Sunday last, r86 years. He was present nt the tic retreat of Corunna, aud in many he engagements about that warlike Id The sword witli which he fought Lav to tlic beach at Corunna, ho Fally retained amongst other relics. Ls been a resident in this Colony for flast 30 years. Richard Kirkham, the, of the Liffcy, another much re ledold colonist expired at his resi tyesterday morning, at the advanced t? /:_?«t oftnnHnii tn the notice of the Ictary of the General Post Office, trancing a very considerable reduction lie ecale of postage charges to Englaud ?Marseilles. . Ik consequence of the inclemency of I weatuer, me ue/jaivm c «* '»c 0.0. loval Shepherd,' for Jlelbourae, has la postponed until 3 o'clock to-morrow. It Jones's British Ajnencau Circus, a U mid-day performance will be given [Saturday next and another the same [nine Next the Circus and troupe II leave Town on a tour through Wcst hy Deloraine, &c.;, but will retnrn to ffonn here ou Slouday, the 31st inst. Id 1st September. They will appear at Mgford on the 3rd, and at Evandalo on 1 4th September. This is the last week of the Wax orks Exhibition, central Charles- street, .jtlio charge for admission has been iuced to sixpence. The exhibition titauis — the five similes of Fr.uik Gar ler the noted bushranger of New South des,— Hon. J. P. Fuwkner,— the Sleep ? Usauty,— the two American Presi uts, — and Burke, \V;'ls and King. {§? Messbs. Cohes Brothers desire to direct the attention of tho trade, ieca, aud others, to the sales at their Dins on Thursday nest, of a large intity of geiiuiuc g.jods, most of which : for unreserved sale to clear eonsisn mts. 