VERY HARD CASHv BY- THE AUTHOR Off ' I* 18 ttBVEB TOO LATE TO MEND.' . . Mrs Dodd was half asleep, when a hurried' tap came to the door 1 she started in a moment, and great dread fell on her ; was David sinking * ' Ma'am ! Ma'am \ ts lie here?' ' He ! who ?'* cried Mrs Dodd, bewildered ! ' Why, him! he can't be far off.' In a moment Mrs Dodd had opened the door ; and her toneue and the nurse's seemed to clash foerntfinr so fast came the agitated words from each in turn ; and crying, ' Call my son ! alarm the house t' Mrs Dodd darted into the sick room, she was out again, in a mo ment, and up in the attics rousing the maids ; while the nurse thundered at Edward's door, and Julia's, and rang every bell she could get at. The inmates were soon alarmed, and flinging on their clothes ; meantime Mrs Dodd. and the nurse scoured the house, and searched every nook in it down to the very cellar ! They found no David. But they found something-. The street door ajar. ?It was a dark drizzly night. Edward took one road, Mrs Dodd and Elizabeth another. They were no sooner gone, than Julia drew the nurse into a room apart, and asked her eagerly if her Father had said nothing. ' Said nothing, Miss ? Whyhewasa talk ing all the night incessant.' 'Did he say anything particular? think now.' 'No, Miss: he went on as they all do just before u change. I never minds 'em ; I hear so much of it.' ' Oh nurse! nurse 1 have pity on me ! try and recollect.' ' Well, Miss, to oblige you then ; it was mostly fights this time — and wrecks — and villains — and bankers — and sharks.' ' Bankers ??!' asked Julia eagerly. ' Yes, Miss, and villains, they come once or twice, but most of the time it was sharks, and ships, and money, and — hotch-potch I call it the way they talk ; bless your heart they know no better : everything they ever saw, or read, or heard tell of, it all cornea out higgledy-piggledy just before they goe.3 off: we that makes it n business never takes no notice :of what they says, Miss : and never repeats it out of one sick house ? into another ; that you may rely on.' Julia scarcely heard this : her hands were tight to her brow as if to aid her to think with all her force. The result was, ? she told Sarah to put on her bonnet: and rushed up- stairs. She was not gone three minutes ; but in that short interval the nurse's tongue and Sarah's clashed together swiftly and inces santly. Julia heard them. She came down with a long cloak on, whipped the hood ,over her head, beckoned Sarah quickly, and darted out. Sarah followed instinctively, but, ere they had gone many yards from the house, said, ' Oh, Miss, nurse thinks you had mucli better not go.' ' Nurse thinks ! Nurse thinks!- What does she know of me and my griefs ?' ' Why, Miss, she is a very experienced woman, and she says — r-Oh dear ! oh dear ! And such a dark cold night for youto be out !' , ' Nurse ? Nurse ? What did she say ?' ' Oh, I haven't the heart to tell you : if you would, come back home with me I She says as much as that poor master's troubles will be over long before we cau get to him.' And with this Sarah burst out sobbing. ' Come quicker,' cried Julia, despairingly. But ; after a while she said, ' Tell me ; only don't stop me.' Presently she passed a group of women standing talking at a corner of the street ; and windows were opened with nightcappert heads framed in them. She stopped a moment to catch the word ; they woro talk ing about a ghost which win Haiti to have just passed j down the streot ; and discussing whether it was a real ' ghost, or a trick to frighten pcoply. Jalia muttered a low cry, and redoubled hor spued, and was soon at Mr i Richard Hardie's door : but the street was deserted, and she was bewildered, and begun to think she had 1 been too hasty in her conjecture. A chill came over her impetuosity! ^he. dark) drizzly* silent night; thS tall iiiaBts, the shieli of the' river, how strnngb it all ; seemed : and she to be there alone at such at an houiV Presently she heard voices somewhere near. She crossed over to apassage that seemed to lead towards them ; and then she heard the voices plainly, and among them one that did not mingle with the others, it was the voice she loved. She started hack and stood irresolute. Would he be displeased with her ? Feet came trampling slowly along the passage. His voice came, with them:, She drew back and looked round for' Sarali. WHiUi sHe stood fluttering, the footsteps i catriij . close, and then emerged from the passage into the full light of the gas-Jamp Alfred and two policemen carry ing a silent, senseless figure, in a night-gown, with a . great-coat thrown over part of him. It was her Father ; mute and gbastly. The policemen still tell of that strange meeting- ?'?- under tho gas-light by .Hardie's Bank; and how the: young lady flung her arms around her father's , head, and took him for deadj and kissed his jiale. bhgdksj an4 , iildaiied Bve'r him ; andh'owth'e' young gentleman raised her against her will, and sobbed over her; and how ' they, though policemen, cried -like children. Arid to them I must refer the reader : I have not the skill to convey the situation. .? . They got more policemen to help, and carried him to Albion Villa. On the way, something cold and mysterious seemed to have come between Julia and Alfred. They walked apart in gloomy silence broken only by foreboding sighs. I pass over the tempest, of emotion's under which that 0ad burden entered Albioil Villa; and .hurry to tlie' rieit marked event. Next day the patient had lost his extreme pallSr, ana wt)r3 a certain uniform sallow hue ; and at noon, just before Sampson's return, he opened his eyes wide and fixed them on Mrs Dodd and Julia, who were now hisnurses. , ?, They hailed this with delight, and held their breath to hear Him speak to them the first sweet words of reviv ing life and love. But soon to their ?surprise and grief they found he did not know them. They spoke to him, ' : each in turn, arid tdla him pitediisly wlid tlieiy; w'dr8| and implored him with tears to know them, arid Speak' to them. But no, he fixed a stony gaze dn them, that made them shudder ; and their beloved voices passed over him like an idle wind. Sampson; whfe'n he cajriei found the ladies weeping by the bedside; . Tlie'y greeted him with affectldnj Julia especially i tiie boisterfius controversialist had come out a gentle, zealous, artist, ? in presence of a real danger. Dr. Sampson knew, ? nothing of what had happened in his absence. He stepped to the bedside cheerfully ; and the ladies' eyes were bent keenly on his face in silence. He had no soorier cast eyes On. David thctri his cOunte&ance; fell, dnd iris .Hard but exjlre|sive features; filled #$ ,,. cdricefri. Triat was enough for Mrs Dodd : ' And h'S does not know me,' she cried : he does not know ray ? voice. His voice could call me back from the grave , -. itself. He is dying. He' will never speak to me again. Oh, my poor orphan girl I' 'No! no!' said Sampson, 'you are quite mis- ????-? taken : he will not die. But— — r' , . . .???'??.- His tongue, feald rid mdrei His grave and sombre face spdke volume's: . Mr Hardie was taken by surprise for once, and had not a word to say : but looked in his son's face, mute; and gaping, as a fish. During this painful silence i Ms children eyed him inquiringly; but not with the same result ; for one face is often , ( read differently by tiro persons : to Jane., wHo'se! intelligence iiaci no aicis, lie Beemeu uuuueuuoui-y puzzled; but Alfred discerned, beneath his wonder; - the teiTor of detection rising, arid then thrust back bf the strong will : that stoical face shut again like ait iron door ; but not qui'cldy enough1 : tlie right worcUj the ' open sesame' liild b'eeri spdkeri, and .one iiii^ guarded ld'dk confirmed Alfred's vague ijiispicidiis df foul piay : he turned his own face away: he was alienated by the occurrences of the last few months, but Nature and tender reminiscences still held him by some fibres of the heart; in a moment of natural indignation he had applied the touchstone ; but its success grieved him ; he could not bear to go on ex posing his father ; so he left . the room w^th a deep '? sigh, in wliicH pity mingled with sHariie and re$re|t j -H8 wandered out into the silent night, and soon was lean ing on the gate of Albion Villa, gazing wistfully at the windows, and sore perplexed, and nobly wretched. As he was going out, Mr Hardie raised his eyebrows with ' a look of disinterested wonder arid curiosity; ap,d touched his forehead to JMe, as iriuch as td sdyi'Is ??-,.. he disordered In his mind ?' As soon as they were alone, he asked her coolly what Alfred meant. She said she had no idea. Then he examined her keenly . about this fourteen thousand pounds : and fdurid; td his relief, Alfred had never eve'ri mentioned it td hd.r'i And now fticliard Hdrilife, like Ills s6ri, waiite'd tB W alone, and think over this new peril, that had risen in the bosom of his own family : and, for once, the com pany of his favorite child was irksome: he made riri excuse and strolled out in his turn into the silent night: It was calm and clear : tho thousand lidly eyes, undfef which men prefer to dd their Crimes — Except When tliBjr are in too great a liiirry to wait — looked down and seemed to wonder anything can he so silly as to sin : and b&iieath; their pure gaae the niari of the world pondered' -With till his souli lie tormented himself with conjectures : tilrdiiftii whiit bliitrih'cl did Alfffed . suspect him ? through the Dodds ? were tliey fiwUffl of their loss ? had the pocket-book spoken? If so, why had not Mrs Dodd or her son attacked him ? But theti perhaps Alfred was their agent : they -wished to try st friendly remonstrance through a mutual friend before1 proceeding to extrBmeties ; this accorded with' Mrs Dodd's character its he reuiombered h erV The solution' was reasonable ; but he was relieved of it by recolleoting i . : what Alfred had said, that he had not entered the house since the bank broke. On this he began to hope Alfred's might be a more suspicion he could riot establish by any proof, and at allJeventB he would look it in his own breast like a good son : his never having given a hint even to his sister favored this supposition^ Thus meditating, Mr Hardie found himself at the gate of Albion Villa. Yet he had strolled out with no par ticular intention of going there. Had his mind, apprehensive of danger from that quarter, driven his body thither ? He took a look at the houae : and the first thing he saw was a. young lady leaning over the balcony, murmuring softly to a male figure below, whose outline. Mr Hardie conld hardly discern, for it stood in the shadow. Mr Hardie was delighted : ' Aha, Miss Juliet,' said ho, ' if Alfred does not visit you, some one else does. You have soon supplied your peevish lover's place;' He then withdrew softly from the gate, not to disturb the intrigue, and watched a few yards off: determined to see who Julia's nightly visitor was, and give Alfred surprise for surprise. He had not long to wait : the man came away directly, and walked, head erect, past Mr Hardie, and glanced full in his face, but did not vouchsafe him a word. It was Alfred himself. Mr Hardie was profoundly alarmed, and in dignant : ' The young traitor I Never enter tho house? no : but he comes and tells her everything directly, under her window, on the sly : and, when he is caught, defies me to my face.' And now he suspected female cunning and malice in the way that thunderbolt had . been quietly prepared for him and launched, without warning, in his very daughter's presence, and the result just communicated to Julia Dodd. In a very gloomy mood lie followed his son, and. heard his firm though elastic tread on the frosty ground, and saw how loftily he carried his head : and from that moment feared, and very, very, nearly hated him. The next day he feigned sick, and sent for Osmond, - That worthy prescribed a pill and a draught, the former laxative, the lattor astringent. ***** Mr Richard Hardie ? was not prepared to encounter, one of his unhappy creditors thus publicly, and, to shorten the annoyance, would have dismissed him roughly ; but he dared not, for Maxley was no longer alone, nor unfriended; when Jane left him, to intercede for him, a young man joined him, and was now com forting him with kind words, and trying to get him to smoke a cigar ; and this good-hearted young gentle man was the Banker's son in the flesh, and his opposite in spirit, Mr Alfred .Hardie. Finding these two in contact, the Doctors inter changed demurest glances. Mr Hardie asked Maxley sullenly what he wanted of them. ' Well, sir,' said Maxley, despondently, ' I have been to all the other magistrates in the borough ; for what with losing, my money, and what with losing my missus, I think I hain't quite right in my head ; I do see such curious things, enough to make a body's skin creep, at times.' And down went his head on his chest. ' Well ?' said Mr Hardie, peevishly : 'go on ; you went to the magistrates, and what then ?' Maxley looked up, and seemed to recover the thread : 'Why, they said ' no,' they couldn't send mo to the 'sylum, not from home ; I must be a pauper first. So then my neighbors they said I had better come to you.' And down went liis head again. 'Well, but,' said Mr Hardie, 'you cannot except me to go against the other magistrates.' , ' Why not, sir ? You have had a hatful o' money of me ; the other gentlemen hadn't had a farthing. They owes me no service, but you does : nine hundred pounds' worth if ye come to that.' There was no malice in this ; it was a plain, broken hearted man's notion of give and take ; but it was a home-thrust all the same ; and Mr Hardie was visibly discountenanced, and Alfred more so. Mr Osmond, to relieve a situation so painful, asked Maxley rather hastily what were the curious things he saw. Maxley shuddered. ' The unreasonablest beasts, sir, you ever saw or heard tell on; mostly snakes and dragons. Can't / stoop my head to do no work for them, sir. Bless your heart, if I was to leave you gentlemen now, and go and dig for five minutes in my garden, they would come about me as thick as slugs on cabbage ; why, 'twas but yestere'en I tried to hoe a bit, and up come the fear fullest great fiery sarpint; scared me so I heaved my hoe and laid on 'un properly; presently I seemed to come out of a sort of a kind of red mist into the clear ; aud there laid my poor missus's favorite hen; I had been and killed her for a sarpint.' He sighed; then, after a moment's pause, he lowered his voice to a whisper, 'Now suppose I was to go and take snme poor Christian for one of these gre — at bloody dragoons I do see at odd times, I might do him a mischief you know, and not mean him no harm neither. Oh dooee take and have me locked up, gentlemen, dooee now ; tellee I ain't fit to be about, my poor head is so mazed.' ' Well, well,' said Mr Hardie, ' I'll give you an order for the Union.' ' What, make a pauper of me ?' '* I cannot help it,' said the magistrate, ' it is the routine ; and it was settled at a meeting of the bench . last month that we must adhere to the rule as strictly as possible ; the asylum is so full, and you know, Maxley, it is not as if you were dangerous.' ' That I be, sir ; I don't know what I'm a looking at, or a doing. Would I ha' gone and killed my poor Susan's hen if I hadn't a been beside myself ? and she in her grave, poor dear : no, not for untold gold : and I be fond of that too : used, to be however : but now I don't seem to care for money nor nothing else.' And his head dropped. ' Look here, Maxley, old fellow,' said Alfred, sar castically, ' you must go to the workhouse ; and stay there till you hoe a pauper ; take him for a crocodile, and kill him : then you will get into an asylum whether . the Barkington magistrates like it or.nol.: that is the routine I believe ; and as reasonable ' as most routine.' ? As for poor Maxley, he was in sad and sober earnest, and could not relish nor even take in Alfred's irony : he lifted his' head and looked Mr Hardie in the face. ' J ? ' You be a hard man/' said he, trembling with emotion. ' You robbed me and missus of our' all, you ha' broke her heart, and turned my head, and if I was to come and kill you 'twould only be dealing scores. 'Stead of 'that I comes to you like a lamb, and says give me your name, on a bit of paper, and put me out of harm's way. ' No,' says you, ' go to the workhouse !' Be you in the workhouse? You that owes me nine hundred pounds and my dead missus ?' With this he went into a rage, took a packet out of his pocket, and flung it at Mr Hardie's head before any one could stop hini. But Alfred saw his game, stepped forward, and caught it with one hand, and with tho dexterity of a wicket keeper, within a foot of his father's nose. ' How's that, Umpire ?'.rsaid he : then, a little sternly, ' Don't do that again, Mr Maxley, or I shall have to give you a hiding — to keep up. appearances.' He then put the notes in his pocket, and said quietly, ' I shall give you your money for these, before the year ends.' ' You won't be quite so mad as that, I hope,' remon strated his father. But he made no reply : they very seldom answered one another now. Skinner, who had in fact been holding respectfully aloof for some time came forward, and in a very obse queious tone requested a private interview. Mr Hardie . led the way into the little dining room. They were no sooner alone than Skinner left off fawning, vey abruptly ; und put on a rugged ? resolute manner thrat was new to him : ' I am come for my commission,' said he, sturdily. Mr Hurdie looked an inquiry. ' Oh you don't know what I mean, of course,' said the little clerk, almost brutally: 'I've waited, and waited, to see if you would have the decency, and the gratitude and. the honesty, to offer me a trifle out of It ; but I see I might wait till doomsday before you would ever think of thinking of anybody but yourself. So now she'll out without morp words, or I'll blow tho gaff.' The little wretch raised his voice louder and louder at every sentence. ' Hush I hush ! ' Skinner,' said . Mr Hardie, anxiously, ' you are under some delusion. When did I ever decline to recogniso your services ? I always intended to make you a present, a handsome pro sent.' ' Then why didn't ye do it without being forced ? Come, sir, you can't draw tho wool over Noah Skinner's eyes : I have had you watched, and you aro looking towards the U.S., nnd that is too big a country for me to hunt you in: I'm not to be trifled with : I'm not to be palavered : give me a thousand pounds of It this moment, or I'll blow the whole concern, and you along with it.' ? . ' A thousand pounds ? !' 'Now look at that t' shrieked Skinnor. 'Serves me right for not saying seven thousand. Whnt right, have you to a shilling of it more than I have ? If I had the luck to be a burglar's pal instead of a Banker's I should have half. Give it me this moment, or I'll go to Albion Villa and have you took up for a thief ; as you are.' ' But I haven't got it on me.1' ' That's a lie: you carry it where lie did ; close to your heart : I can see it bulge : there, Job was a patient man, but his patience wont at last.' With this he ran to the window and throw it open. Hardie entreated him to be calm. 'I'll give it you, Skinner,' said ho, ' and with pleasure, if you will give me some security that you will not turn round, ns soon as you havo got it, and bo my enemy.' ' Enemy of a gent that pays me a thousand pounds? nonsense ! Why should I ? We aro in the samo boat : behave like a man, and you have nothing to fear from me : but I will — not — go halves in a theft for nothing ? would you ? Come, how is it to be, peace or war ? Will you be content with thirteen thousand pounds that don't belong to you, not a shilling of it, or you will go to gaol a felon, and lose it every penny ?' Mr Hardie groaned aloud, but there was no help f or it. Skinner was on sale : and must be bought. He took out two notes for five hundred pounds each, and laid them on the table, after talcing their numbers. Skinner's eyes glistened : ' Thank you, sir,' said he. He put them in his pocket. Then' he said quietly, ' Now you have taken the numbers, sir, so I'll trouble you for a line to make me safe aganist the criminal law. You are a deep one : you might say I robbed you.' ' That is a very unworthy suspicion, Skinner ; and a childish one.' ' Oh, it is diamond cut diamond. A single line, sir, just to say that in return f )r his faithful services you have given Noah Skinner two notes for £500, Nos. 1084 and 85.' ; ' With all my heart — on your giving me a receipt for them.' ? : - ? ? It .was Skinner's turn to hesitate. After reflecting, however, on all the possible consequences, he saw nothing to fear ; so he consented. The business completed, a magic change took place in the little clerk. 'Now we are friends again sir: and I'll give you a. piece of advice ; mind your eye with Mr Alfred , he is down on us.' ' What do you mean ?' inquired Mr Hardie with ill disguised anxiety. 'I'll tell you sir. He met me this morning: and says he to me, ' Skinner, old boy, I want to speak a word to you.' He piits his hand on my shoulder, and turns me round, and says he all at one time ' the four teen thousand pounds !' You might have knocked me down with a feather. And he looked me through like a gimlet, mind ye. ' Come now,' says he, ' you see I know all; make a clean breast of it.' So then I saw he didn't know all, and I brazened up a bit : told him I hadn't a notion what he meant. ' Oh, yes I did,' he said, ' Captain Dodd's fourteen thousand pounds ! it had passed through my hands.' Then I began to funk again at his knowing that : perhaps he only guessed it after all : but at the time I thought he knew it ; I was flustered, ye see. But I said, ' I'd look at the books ; but I didn't think his deposit was anything like that,' ' You little equivocating humbug,' says he : ' and which was better, to tell the truth at once and let Captain Dodd, which never did me any harm, have his own, or to hear it told me in the felon's dock?' those were his words, sir : and they made my blood run cold ; and if he had gone on at me like that, I should have split, I know I should : but he just said , ' there, your face has given the tongue the lie: you haven't brains enough to play the rogue.' Oh, and — another thing — he said he wonld'nt talk to the sparrow-hawk any more, when there was the kite hard by : so by that I guess your turn is coming, sir ; so mind your eye. And then he turned his back on me with a look as if I was so much dirt. But I didn't mind that ;*I was glad to he shut of him at any price.' This intelligence discomposed Mr Hardie terribly : it did away with all hope that Alfred meant to keep his suspicions to himself. ' Why did you not tell me this before ?' said he reproachfully. Mr Skinner's sharp visage seemed to sharpen as he replied, 'Because I wanted a thousand pounds first.' ' Curse your low cunning !' Skinner laughed. ' Good-by, sir : take care of your self and I'll take care of mine. I'm afraid of Mr Alfred and the stone jug, so I'm off to London, and there I'll un-Skinner myself into Mr Something or other, and make my thousand pounds breed ten.' And he whippe.d out, leaving his master filled with rage and dismay. ' ' Outwitted even by this little wretch !' He was now accountable for fourteen thousand pounds, and had only thirteen thousand left, if forced to re-imburse ; so that it was quite on the cards for him to lose a thousand pounds by robbing his neighbor and risking his own im mortal jewel : this galled him to the quick ; and altogether his equitable temper began to give way ; it had already survived half the iron of his nerves. He walked up and down the parlor chafing like and irritated lion. In which state of his mind the one enemy he now feared and hated walked quietly into the room, and begged for a little serious conversation with him. 'It is like your effrontery,' said he :v ' I wonder you are not ashamed to look your father in the faco.' ' Having wronged nobody I can look anybody in the face,' replied Alfred, looking him in the face point blank. At this swift rejoinder, Mr Hardie felt like a too confident swordsman, who, attacking in a passion, suddenly receives a prick that shows him his antagonist is not to be trifled with. He was on his guard directly, and said coldly, ' You have been belying me to my very clerk.' . . ' No, sir : you are mistaken : I have never mentioned your name to your clerk.' Mr. Hardie reflected on what Skinner had told' him, and found he had made another false move. He tried again: 'Nor to the'Dodds?' with an incredulous sneer. ? - . , ' Nor to the Dodds,'1 replied Alfred, calmly. 'What, not to Miss Julia Dodd ?' ' No, sir, I have seen her but once, since — I discovered about the fourteen thousand pounds.' 'What fourteen thousand pounds?' inquired Mr Hardio, innocently. 'What fourteen thousand pounds!' repeated the young man disdainfully. Then suddenly turning on his father, with flashing eyes : ' the fourteen thousand pounds Captain Dodd brought from India: the fourteen thousand pounds I heard him claim of you with curses : ay, miserable son, and miserable man, that I am, I heard my own father called a villain ; and what did iny father reply ? Did you hurl the words hack into your accuser's throat ? No : you whispered, ' Hush I hush ! I'll bring it you down.' Oh, what a hell shame is !' Mr Hardie turned pale, and almost sick: with those words of Alfred's iled all hope of ever deceiving 'him. ' There, there,' said the young man, lowering his voice from rage to profound sorrow : ' I don't come hore to quarrel with my father, nor to insult him, God ! knows : .and I entreat you for both our sakes not to try my temper too hard by these childish attempts to blind me : and, sir, pray dismiss from your mind the notion that I have disclosed to any living soul my knowledge of this horrible secret : on the contrary, I have kept it gnawing my heart, and almost maddening me at times. .For my own personal satisfaction I have applied a tost , both to you and Skinner ; but that is all I have done : E I have not told dear Juliu, nor any of her family ; and ? now, if you will only listen to me, nnd do what I ; entreat you to do, she' shall never know ; oh, never.' j ' Oho 1' thought Mi- Hardie, ' he comes with a pro ; posal ; I'll hear it, anyway.' j (To be continued.) ? - The late Elopement of a Canadian Heiress. — Massey, tho British captain, aud his Toronto para mour, about whom tho Rochester people became so excited a few weeks since, have been 'starring' it in New York since he got out of gaol. His inamo rata, hie horses and himself, attracted tho gaze of tho fashionable coteries who linger in the park or stroll along Broadway. Tho lady was dressed mag nificently, looked sumptuously, and was intro- I duced into one or two palatial residences up town. — Boston Post. ????? ? ? | 