THE HAPPIEST LAND IN EUROPE. (From the Spectator.) On the right bank of the Ehine, surrounded by the spurs of the Pennian Alps, in wondrouB romantic Boonery, lies a country whioh may well be called the happiest in Europe. It is a monaroby; yet has no budget, no publio debt, no standing army, no costly navy, no beggars, no bishops, no nobles, no buroaucraoy, no prime ministers, and no income-tax collectors. The people of this felicitous realm live in peace and contentment, for there never was moro than one lawyer among them, who drowned himself, years ago, in a fit of ennui; and most*of them grow to a hale old age, out of sheer ignorance and for want of doctors. The name under which this extraordinary country is set down on the maps of the world ia the prinoipality of Liohtenstein. In the dull books of geography whioh profess to sketohtbe oarth and thefulness thereof, tho land of Liohtenstein is doscribed asan independent state of South Germany, having an area of forty-two and a half square miles, a population of 7313 inhabi- tants, and furnishing a contingent of fifty-five men and one drummer to the army of the Teutonic Confederation. The most recent in- vestigations have shown, however, that these sta- tistics are very nearly fabulous. Liohtenstein is certainly quite an independent country among tho States of too world ; but its population is proved to consist of but 7150 souls, while, owing to treacherous movements of the old river Rhine, the area of the monarchy oannot be admitted to be more than thirty-nine and three-quarters square miles, English measure. As to the Germanic army of fifty-five men, it never existed but on paper, and even the solitary drummer must be declared, after deep critical researches, to be as great a myth as the sea-serpent. The false rumour of .tho army with the drummer probably arose from ft»o fact of the sovereign possessing some three ' BoOto livery servants, who were fond of parading the streets of. tho oitv of Vaduz, the metropolis of Lichtenstein, during the occasional sojourn of Prinoe John. This temporary residence has reoently become a notable matter in the history of Lichtenstein ; foi it occasioned a revolution in tho happy little Principality not many weeks ago, and brought into txistenoe the newest con btitution in Europe. The people of Liohtenstein i deciu-e that they are fold of their sovereign, and it ringt be said that thw have every reason to bo so. *Shey do not pay Um a single farthing in the way of oivil-rist, or anj other kind of in eome ; but they expert him to\pendafair share ot his private property within ^ho realm over wMch he has the honour to rule. On a lofty roo'r, on the right bank of the "fthine, high abote the city of Vaduz, stands thevjd Castle of Liohienstein, somewhat in ruins in*,b,e upper part, but still habitable in tho lower; and t has always been the earnest desire ?f the subjeots of the now rêgnine Prince \ John II, that ha «bn"M * . .* \- »JBIUO i in tms mansion as all his ancestors 4jd. His Higiness, a young man of only twenty-tv0, gay and unmarried, refused to aooode to th'« requeii, arguing that ho had a right to spend! his poney where ho liked. Besides, he main taired that the old oastle of his ancestors was hain ted by the ghost of the orazy lawyer who hid drowned himself in the neighbouring Rhine, *nd that it was, therefore, no longer a fit resi- dence for a sovereign prince. Nevertheless, out of sincere affection for his beloved suhjeots, John II. expressed his willingness to send his throe score and odd footmen for a month or two in the year to Vaduz, to enliven the hearts of the fifteen hundred inhabitants of the metropo- lis, and show them the latest fashions from Vienna. It seemed a fair offer on tbejpart of an independent sovereign who has trot no nivii i;-* . -0~. «»»1>U ilSV, i out tne people of Liohtenstein, nevertheless, re- fused to listen to it. The agitation continued, growing to fluoh an extent, that at last the Par- j liament of the country had to take the subject in hand. The national representation of Lieh tenstcin- consisting, in virtue of a Constitution granted by the predecessor of John, on Novem- ber 9, 1818, of an Upper and a Lower House, the former boasting three life peers, elected by the clergy ; the latter, eleven deputies, chosen by all citizens worth two thousand florins, and as particularly ordered by the law, " not quar- relsome "-assembled accordingly in the spring of the present year. After some warm debates, both Houses resolved to send « deputation to Prince John H, te-j aiding at Vienna, and to request his Highness once more, humbly, yet seriously, to leave the distant capital, and take up his abode ' among his own subjects. The deputation ar- rived at Vienna in August last, and was re- ceived by the Prince with the greatest cor- diality. A long series of conferences then took place, in which his Highness condescended to explain to his subjects the whola state of tho question from his own point of view. He showed them, by numerous briefs and docu- ments, that he was tho sole owner of more than a dozen mediatized principalities and lordships of very great extent, comprising tho vast domains of Troppau and Jagerndorf, in Upper Silesia, and immense estates in Moran making together an area of 2200 sjiïïlions of with a population of 360,000^^ as the Prin nual average of mor«^' happy in not pos florins. HjsjJ'tf«, a\\]> and as his subjects did i cipaiity^«jt "ojth while to pay him for the l$uble of governing them, they oould have no claim upon his place of sojourn ; and the Prince wound up his stotement by appealing to the good sense of the doputieB, and leaving it to them whether it would be fair to persuade him to reside at tho haunted old castlo of his anoestors, instead of in lively Vienna, so near his vast do- mains and his roally profitable tcnantB. Tho arguments wero too strong not to convince the deputation, tho members of which returned to Liohtonstein,to report to the Peers and Commons of the realm. New discussions ensued, the up- shot of which was an unanimous resolution of the two housos to elaborate a new Constitu- tion, in conformity with the spirit of the agc; to whioh was added a request to Prinoo John II. to build himaelf a new royal residence at Vaduz-at his own expenso, of course-and to reside therein during at least part of the year. In tho face of such unani- mity, and seeing the reasonableness of both de- mands, with tho imminent danger before bim of losing his popularity, his Highness conformed to the expressed wish of bis rubjects, and, while sending an arohitcot to Vaduz, at the same time approved tho proposed national Charter '^»f Lichtenstein. The now Constitution carno into foroe on the 15th of October last, and is held to be, by German politicians, the most perfect in the world. The preamble of the new Charter recites that the people of Liohtenstein are de- termined to uphold the liberty and indepen- dence of their country, and will obey- no laws but those made by their own representatives, in Parliament assembled. This is a thrust at Austria, who is believed to have influenced tho actions of the legitimate sovereign for some considerable time. To prevent all recurrence of foreign oontrol, the prince for the future must either reside personally in the country, or, during his absence, appoint a governor general, in whoso hands the whole executive foroe is placod. Tho legislative power is to ho, as before, entirely in the hands of the national Parliament; but with this important alteration, that there will be only one House of Represen- tatives, consisting of fifteen members, three tobo chosen by the reigning prince, and the other twelve by the people, in public election. Tho property qualifioationsfor voting are considerably reduced ; but the old condition concerning quar- relsomeness remains intact, and is to be moro strictly enforoed than ever. Moreover, every man who goes to the poll baa to givo proof that he can read and write, and has received otherwise a fair education, and no person is ad- mitted whose reputation is not satisfactory in the opinion of twelve of his neighbours. Tho Parliament thus formed must assemble at least once a year ; but it may sit oftener, according to the necessities of the country. AH high funotions, that of the sovereign included, are to bo honorary, as before, with the exception of the post of Governor General, to which is al- lowed the handsome stipend of 600 florins, «r ¿£60 per annum. Lastly, it is provided that there shall be no taxes imposed upon the people otherwise than by a vote of three-fourths of tho national representatives in two successive parlia- ments, the seoond of them expressly elected for mis purpose. To conform to the requirements of the German Confederation, of which Lioh- tenstein ia proud to be a member, the fifty-five fighting men, with the drummer, which the Principality has to contribute to the Teutonio army of reserve, aro henceforth honestly to be kept ready, not merely on paper, but in blue and scarlet reality. They arc all to be volun- teers, however, to prevent even the shadow of taxation making inroad into the happy land of Liohtenstein. The publication of the Constitu- tion of Liohtenstein, little more than a week ago, has made an immense sensation in Gormany which, as is well known, is just now labouring under rather severe constitutional trials. Tho subjeots of King William I., in particular, look with envious eyo upon tho ¿harter granted by Prince John II., and many of them seem not in- disposed to olamour for something similar in their own oountry. But what appears to give supreme .satisfaction to the Germans of all nationalities, from Rcuss-Sobleiz-Greiz to Sohwarzburc-Son aorsnausen-Kudolstadt, is the one-chamber sys- tem at present inaugurated in the Principality of Liohtenstein. In the whole of the thirty States of the Confederation, without exception, tho Chambers of Lords seem to have proved failures ; in some instances to such a degree that even the sovoreign and his ministers wished to get rid of tbem as an unmitigated nuisance. The new prinoiple of tho Liohtenstein constitu- tion, therefore, whiob gives to the monaro!» tho right of eleotion of nearly ono- fourtb of tho re- présentatives, in lieu of an upper chamber of legislature, is calculated to gain assent of not a few among tho moro liberal rulers of Germany. Prince John II., of tho house of Bate-the samo house from whioh our own royal family traoe their descent-has already worthily begun the oxeroiso of his new politioal privilege. JbV fore even tho people of his Principality hay« ohosen their twelve representatives, he had named the three deputies, the selection of whick the oonstitution had left to him. Tho trio aro deolarcd, by universal consent, to be in every respeot the most worthy men in the country. Ono of them is tho former professor, noir Minister, Anthony Gmelch, a man well knows through tho whole of Germany for his eminent Hto-ary attainments. " A now era is dawning upon. Liohtenstein," exclaims an Augsburg journal, discussing tho Constitution and these nominations. The " era" is very microscopic, no doubt, and its elements are net without » shado_ of lucicrousness ; but there is also no4 a little in it that is extremely serious and worthy of attention. It may seem to many that Lich tonstein remains moro than ever the happiest land in Europe. o SrsrnsRsoN ARD HIS POST WIM.-While at Livor pool, Stephenson had very little time for " eompasj ./» huton one particular oooasion he invited hi* friend Mr. Sanders to dlnoer ; and as that gentleman wa* a eon noisrur in port wine, hi* host determined to give Idas a» speoial treat of (bat drink. Stephenson aceordlogi/ went to tbe small merchant with whom bo ciuaJlj dealt, and ordered " half a aocen ot bl* very best port wist«/* which was promised of iirxt-rat« qualftr. After dinaw the wine was produced ; and wben Mr. Sandar» fc#d nipped a Kian«, George, after r*ltin# a little lor ike .*. peoted eulogium, asked, " W eil, Bandar«, ho« <r}e li»» the port ?" " i'oor stuft' .'" said the guest, " poer *tu*!" Geotg« wa* very mueb shocked, and with difficulty re- covered his good humour. But be lived to be able ti» treat Mr. bandar* to a belter article at Taptcs* House, wben be o>ed to la»/jh over hi» first futile atUsrp*. at Liverpool to gain a repautfon for hi* port.-Xi»«> */ . the EnfinnTt. 