: ROME; : i - '? : January lot, 1863.— To-day His Holiness, after holding a papel chapel, received General de Ifontebello, who presented the whole of the officers of the French army in Rome. The General said, in a low tone of voice, a few words, which werv ' hardly heard. His Holiness answered him in French, very calmly, but at the same time with an energy which gradually increased as he spoke. The Holy Father said that the French army was glorious in war for its valour, and glorious in peace for it» disciDline ; but more glorious still because it defended the Vicar of Christ on earth and Rome, the city destined by the Alaighty as the chief See of His Church, and on which He bad impressed the seal of so many martyrs' blood. Ee said that he blessed the French army as the instrument placed by God in the hands of men to save me ^nurcn from Revolution, And, as God had said to the sea, 'Thus far shall come thy waves;' thus had He caused the French army to say to Revolution, ' Thus far shalt thou come ; and thou shalt respect i the Vicar of Christ and his City.' And Rome and the Pope (added His Holiness) have been respected. He blessed the Emperor, the Empress, and the Imperial Prince especially, to whom he is bound by » spiritual relationship. He concluded by blessing all the families of the French officers and 'soldiers present and absent. He deplored his in ability to bless' all those who, carried away by the ''' torrent of Revolution, had injured and inEulted *? Religion and the Vicar of Christ; but, he added, \- ° ' that he always prayed for them and hoped to be able soon to bless them. He ended with the com. ».. : patison of Jacob, who, after struggling the whole ?: - night with a supposed enemy, perceived, at day. . -? . break, that he had struggled with an angel. And ,'-.( so the Holy Father hoped that touched with the light of grace, these unfortunate men would, like Jacob, perceive some day that they had been flight ing, not against a mortal man, but against the ^ Church and against God. I transmit these few words to you as they were noted down from memory by a Roman who was officially present on this ' '.' interesting occasion. Differing somewhat from the foregoing, the x Roman correspondent of the Monde gives the fol lowing as the text of the speech made by the Holy Father to General de Montebello and the officers of the French army in Rome, on New Year's day : — , The Pope said : — itl ' I am much impressed, General, by the wishes « ? which you address to me in the name of the French army you command so worthily. I am very glad \- also to take this opportunity of expressing to you my gratitude for the support you give to the rights of the Church, which are the rights of justice and truth. The French army is glorious on the field of battle because of its discipline. But allow me to say that it is much more glorious because of the mission it now fulfils — that of defending the Vicar of Jesus Christ against the efforts of revolutionists and the impious, who are the enemies of religion of justice, and of God. ' When God created the ocean, He willed that its waters should not go beyond the limits He had traced for them, and he said to those waters, ' Usque '- \ . . hue venies et non procedes amplius, et hie confringes tamentea fluctus tuos.' [Thus far shalt thou come and shalt thou not proceed further, and here shalt thou break up my swollen waves.] Thus, my dear children, does God use your arms to prevent the im pious from passing beyond the limits they would wish to infringe so as to make of Rome the capital of I know not what kingdom ; the impious who have despoiled the Church of her property, imprisoned so many excellent Bishops, and Priests, and thrown into the streets so many Nuns who are dying of hunger. But this is not all that they are aiming at. Thev would wish to possess themselves of the entire dominions of the Church, and take from the Hily Father the temporal adminstration, so much needed for the exercise of his spiritual jurisdiction, and even, if they could, wholly destroy the Catholic religion. While from every part of the earth so many efforts aie being made to attain this sacri legious end, you are placed by Providence as a de fence for this city, which is justly called the Eternal City— of this ciiy embalmed with the blood of so many martyrs;' (here the pope's voice gradually rose to tones of the deepest emotion ; and he con tinued) 'of this city which God from the beginning v of Christianity, has intended to be the residence of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, and that vicar of Jesus Christ I am, who am now speaking to you. And, although I am unworthy of it, I dare say to you that God gives to me the spirit of Counsel, the spirit of wisdom, and the spirit of Fortitude to com bat the ad vei sides in which the revolutionists have placed me.' — After a pause, the pope added, 'I bless ycu with a paternal affection ; I bless your relations, ysur families, your friends ; I bless France, ? ? the imperial family, and in an especial manner the young boy (The Holy Father translated by the French word It jeune garcon, a sweet and familiar appellation ih Italian, fanchdlo) who is bound to me by spiritual bonds ; I bless the brave episcopate of France, and its distinguished clergy. I bless so many millions of Catholics who love me and succour me with their piety and their devotion to the Holy See. I bless, in fine, the Catholics of the whole world: for thev are my sons, as 1 am their father. . . .'» Pius IX. added, by a sudden impulse of wonder ful Apostle-like eloquence ...' But why should I not bless even the impious and the revo lutionists ? . . . I remember the fact of a Saint of the Old Testament, of the patriarch Jacob, who had stniggled all night long, cum viro, with an unknown man. When the sun dawned, ne saw that it was «n angel ; he probtrated bimseif to the earth and said to him that he would not leave him until he had received his blessing, non relinquam te nisi benedixerismild. . . . Let us pray then Almighh God that He may deign to enlighten them ; for they know not that they are struggling against theangels.' The emotion, we may say the awe, ot those present was general when Pius IX, making the grand gesture of the Pontifical blessing, which always produces so deep an impression, concluded by saying, ' I raise then my arms, and pray th Almighty Father to bless you with his omnipotence ; I bless you in the name of the Son, whese Hoi Name the ChuTch celebrates on this day, the naint of Jesus, Jtsus belore whom Heaven, Earth, ana Hell must bend the knee; and in the name of the Holy Ghost, that he may give you^the spirit*^ charity,' We must declare, to the credit. of our officers, that this sublime language found a response in their hearts. 