A. CASE somewhat similar to that of Mr, MBLVILLH has jost occurred in SydneyT but, unfortunately, with a more melancholy ending. Our reports of domestic calamities in yesterday's issne inoluded a coroner's inquest on the body ol Mr. EDWARD LEA, aged forty-nine yçars, who had died in gaol, .where he hid been sent as a lunatic. The case, as it appears in the report, is very simple, but very distressing. LEA is described - as a maohine maker. He resided in York street, in this oity. From all that we can gainer it appears that he was a man of industrious and respectable habits, but of irritable temperament. Be quarrelled with hiB wife, and some of the neighbours came in and tied him down. In the absence of the doctor who had attended bim he became more violent than before, end then, it seems, Mrs. LEA was persuaded to get bim taken charca of by the police. It does not I very clearly appear how this process was arranged. The man, however, was carried off to Darlinghurst prison, where be died next day. We have the evidence of the medical men I who opened the poor fellow's body after he was dead. There was some effusion of blood on the right kidney, and effusion on the brain. That is all we know of the manner of his death, or are likely to know. The jury, with more than tho ordinary intelligence of coroner's juries, - condemned the practice of sending apparently deranged persons to gaol without a medical certifica'e, when there is no evidence of dangerous lunaoy. In fact, for all that we know to the contrary, this man appears to have been killed by the kind friends who had made up their minds to put him under restraint. No doubt MELVILLE might i have died in the same way, and no more nave been heard, of him, if it had not happened : that he was more sensible and less irritable than LEA. It should be noted that Mrs. LEA attended at the gaol for the purpose of supply- ing sureties for the good behaviour of- her husband, bud it waa too late. The man was killed, and: took bis departure (rom the world while his* wife ' wa» waiting to perfect this magisterial decree. It is absolutely shocking to reflect upon a case like this.- There seems, to be small opportunity for distinguishing it from murder, '? and ? certainly ic is a most croel and pitiable affair. In all pro- bability the deceased was merely a passionate man. No one can or will tell us now what the' causes of his irritation were. - However, he broke out in ungovernable frenzies of rage, was carried off to gaol, and there he died. As we remarked some months ago in MELVILLE'S case, it is bard that a . . mau should be incarcerated for life, or perhaps killel, because he cannot command his temper. The penalties of social life are Bevere enough upon those who have not self. control. Capital punishment is a savage infliction in a case like thib. We agree with the Coroner's jury in con- demning the praotice of sending men to gaol to die who ought rather to. be sent tb some hospital to recover ; but we believe that the jury did not go quite far enough. Those who sent this unfortunate EDWARD LEA to prison, and kept him there until - he gave up the ghost, were undoubtedly the canse ol bis death, and, however unintentional this may bave been, they ought not to escape without censnre. Human life is too precious to be treated thus contemp- tuously. The little brief authority that enables a magistrate or a constable to seize another man and lay him in prison is something that should be jealously watched. Persons intrusted with such authority .should not exercise it ' without great discretion, and if they are indiscreet they should be oalkd closely to task. Xüe Jaw, as it affects supposed lunatics, requires a revolution. No doubt it is desirable that persons who are afBicted with violent and ungovernable tempers should be placed under some restraint. ..Thus far the legal practice at present in .force seems to be unobjectionable. A person goes before a magistrate, complains that another person is violent and dangerous in his oondaot, and prays '"ur protection. Then two authorised medical daw\ertify that the person complained of is a oustooya lunatic, and he is committod to safe LEA'S casBJhis, of oourse, was not poor Mr. lunacy, nor - there was no certificate of his he waa labouring slightest evidence that But, supposing a casu, ttDy form of mania, mental aberration, and p«v afflicted with i a madhouse, by virtue ol «^nder restraint in medical practitioners, what is w-g fromtwo ? There is no other step, under exierti^ gt ? , by petition to the Government, öix.,£V)J i to the publie opinion. The man vi. sent to the madhouse may be per» j Cecily sane, andi yet may Ile in his wretched prison until minti and body rot, before he can be relieved by any known process of law« There is, indeed, an Act known BB the Habeas Oorpus Act, which might compel the keeper of a madhouse to bring the body of any patient before a Judge, and show I cause why he bad kept him imprisoned ; but it can very rarely occur that an imputed madman has a chanoe of bringing this maohinery into operation. He may be poor and friendless. He may have powerful enemies desirous of keeping him out of the active world of life. It does not need a strong imagination to suppose an un* happy victim of outside conspiracies writhing himself into utter - madness in bis struggles to free himself from his bonds. The more he oríes for help, the greater are considered the proofs of his madness. Hs is lost to the world, and the world is lost to him. Even if a benevolent visitor calls, the poor oppressed captive may be seen under such circumstances of excitement aa may favour the opinion tbat he is hopelessly mad. What is the remedy for this terrible risk of injustice-this fearful ruk of cruel murder ? Our ancestors have wisely pro- vided against the continuous oppression of any man, by the institution of juries. The most simple and natural suggestion that must arise to the mind of any sane man, when another is accused of madnesB, must be the reasonableness of trying whether he is mad or not ; and this can "be only well or safely done by a jury. Without intending to cast discredit upon medi- cal testimony, we may say that professional evidence depends too much upon the unknown skill and integrity of the witness to be safe for pul lie security. After the supposed madman has been secured, under proper medical certificates, the question of his sanity should be submitted to an impartial jury, and tried before a judge. We do not condemn men to be hanged or imprisoned, for life on charges of felony without such a trial as this, and it is repugnant to all feelings of justice that we should permit our fellow-creatures to be killed without trial on the mere imputation of insanity. THE difficulties which beset the attempt to intro- duce a general educational scheme increase instead. of diminish. Notwithstanding the avoidance in framing the bill now under consi- deration in the Assembly, of such details as might be expected to raise obstacles to ita progress, the conceptions entertained by various parties of what ought to be included in an educational measure, are combining to involve the subject in perplexity. In attempting to follow out and combine the* probable results of these different views one is in danger of losing sight of the great end to be attained, and of the principles by which alone that end is to be secured. The provision in the bill as it now stand s, which . has ' met with the most decided opposition,, is that which limits grants towards the erection or repair of school buildinffB to schools vested in the Board. There ia a very proper objeotion in the minda of public men to expend public money on the improve' ment of property remaining tn private hands. And the benefits of uniformity in education,, which may be more effectually secured by the centralisation of system and property, are not to be despised.1 It is especially desirable, in a community so migratory as that of New South Wales and most colonies, that children removing with their parents from one locality to another should be brought under the same system of education as that ' to which they have been' already abou'stomed. The use of the same boobs and the same method of teaching throughout the colony, would tend to forward, the education of many children for whom, as they hove» at most, but a very few years to devote'to such pursuits, it is an urgent duty to provide the most effectual means of improving that brief period. With such objects in view, it was quite reasonable that the framer of the bill, and the majority that carried the 12th olausé, should resolve tO'encourage the vesting of all schools in the Board, so as to provide the more effectually for a vigorous' and uniform system.1 But the objections are many, and after all it may turn put that the best settlement of the queaîion will be for the Government to confine their action to these two purpbsesr-tho pay- ment of teachers in proportion to the number of Boholara taught, and the - inspection of all schools receiving this aid. To carry out these objects there would be required only a minister and a staff of inspectors, . Shortly before the discussion of the second reading of the bill we expressed our conviction "that'á minister'of education, directly responsible for the conduct of his department, would prove much more satisfactory than a Board." And nothing has been said in the long course ? of the discussions on the bill to alter that opinion.' Every teacher whoso school fulfilled the necessary conditions of sound education should be entitled to receive a salary proportioned to his efficiency as proved by the report of the in- spector and the number of his scholars. All the questions about the proportion of secular and religious instruction, the choice of tbs teacher andvother matters, would then be left to the de oi8Íon of local influence. The duty of the Government would be clearly defined, and suoH as no recipient of the benefits of the scheme, and what is more, no contributor to the public revenue, oould ,on any feasible ground, object to. A model training Behool, for a supply of teachers, might- be a useful adjunct to the scheme. But whether such a means of furnishing teachers, fitted for their work were resorted to or not> the certainty of adequate support to all competent teachers would be a sufficient inducement to bring such teachers to the work, while a vigilant and impartial inspection would guard: the public against tue intrusion ot unlit men into tbe field ;. and the watchfulness of parents, who haye the deepest interest in the good management of schools, stimulated by the assurance that provi- sion was made for the continuance of the benefits of good education to theil ohildren, if they could ; only get proper teachers, would be still moro effectual in obtaining fair scope for good teachers and the speedy rejection of incompetent ones. This sohnme, in substance» resembles that embodied in the resolutions of Mr. HOLT, which were rejected, not on their own merits, or demerits, but on the constitutional question whether a privato member would thus take the work of the Government oat of their hands. Tbe plan .- would leave the problem as to Behool buildings to be solved by private and local effort. We oan see no justifiable alternative between this and the vesting of all school buildings in the Government : for it would be improper to expend public funds upon private or sectional property. And in the prospect of adequate sup oort there would be a etroug motive for the ^tion or d edicatton of suitable buildings, The bope» of all parents, and tbe benevolence of tbose who »re able to help others, would lead them to combine their resources and efforts with the aid granted from the public Treasury, And even tbe advantages of uniformity might, to some extent, be obtained through the supervision and recommendations of the head of the department. The freedom of choice studiously left by the I Legislature to the promoters of sohools wauld j render them the more willing to adopt recom- mendations whicb, if wise in themselves, would j tend by assimilating the method of teaching, ' and the books in the various schools, to increase their usefulness. The teachers also would find [ it to their advantage, in the way of increasing their scholars, and consequently their remune- ration, to adopt the course generally practised. 