THE MARRIAGE. LATE into the night of Saturday, the 7th March, 1868, the excite- ment arising from the arrival and reception of the Princess Alexandra throbbed through the towns of Windsor and Eton, and subsided only as Sunday and its church bells broke solemnly upon the inhabitants. For that day there was a stately hush over the scene of the recent rejoicings ; the Bishop of Oxford preached in St. George's Chapel ; and the presence of great personages in and about the castle was manifested by the air of unusual state that pervaded all the approaches. But Sunday had scarcely faded into midnight when the buzz of preparations for fresh labours of love and loyalty began to be heard again. Monday was a gala day, and a day of high expectation, in Windsor and its neighbourhood. The Prince and Princess drove out in an open car- riage, and showed themselves to everybody, and were everywhere received with renewed acclamations of delight and devotion. Other great people were in movement all day long in carriages, and on horseback and on foot, and the streets, roads, and parks were alive with joyous bustle. If the whole population brought out into the open air by the occasion, or idling in windows and balconies, were going to be married themselves, they could not have displayed greater enthu- siasm. Then came a magnificent display of fireworks in the Home Park at night, which is said to have transcended all pre- vious efforts in that way, and which was witnessed from the windows and terraces of the castle by the illustrious and distin- guished persons who, to the number of upwards of one hundred, were the Queen's guests that day. The last echoes of the pyro- technic explosions, whose blaze was like a burst of flame over Datchet meadow, lighting up the whole surrounding country, had scarcely died away, when the people resumed their prepara- tions for the festive morning that was about to dawn. The tramp of men and the roll of carriages were heard at an unusually early hour in the streets of Windsor, and the inhabitants were abroad with the dawn. Full as the town was of strangers—as much as £5 having been asked for three beds and sitting-room for the one night—the morning trains in rapid succession brought an immense accession of visitors. It soon became a serious question as to how they were all to be disposed of. Lines of galleries, commanding an admirable view of the route of the procession, and extending from the private grounds to the iron gates, were early filled with spectators ; and the courtyard of the castle was furnished with platforms to accommodate a large number of persons. The first stir that sent a palpitation throughout the masses of people who were then assembled was the appearance on the ground at about half-past ten o'clock of the Coldstream Guards. They were soon formed so as to keep the line leading from the gate through which the procession was to move to the entrance for bride and bridegroom. With the Coldstreams were united in this duty the Berkshire Volunteers, under Colonel Lindsay. The Grenadiers and Fusiliers were on duty in other parts of the ground. At eleven o'clock, the 1st Regiment of the Horse Guards came in, and took their stations, and immediately after the Eton scholars, all of them wearing rosettes, made a rush up the hill, and stationed themselves on the south side behind the Horse Guards. At a quarter past eleven all admissions within the castle gates were stopped, and the spectacle which then presented itself was bril- liant in the highest degree. The east end of the broad drive, where it connects itself with the park, may be regarded as the base of a triangle, the sides of which gradually narrowing till they form the main road at the town entrance to the castle. Along this roadway, and immediately behind the Guards, stood a double line of spectators. Behind these, on the south side, rose the upper and middle platforms, full of gentlemen and ladies— the former with rosettes the latter glittering in their bright scarlet, blue, and magenta mantles, and their light and flowered bonnets. Still further down, in the hollow of the slope, and surrounding the door by which the bridal procession was to enter the Chapel Royal, was the third platform, occupied by a more highly favoured and a more brilliantly attired group. In the distance, on the north side, rose the grey, solid frame of the grand old castle itself, in fine contrast with the hot and varied colouring on the opposite side. The coup d'ail, as it took in the whole view, with the flags floating from the triumphal arch before the castle gates, and enlivened by rays of sunlight, such as of themselves never fail to exhilarate any crowd in the month of March in his northern clime, was at once magnificent and invi- gorating, and, when taken in connection with the event with which it was associated, may be regarded as combining with the artistic and the natural something of the sympathetic and the sublime. The morning had broken with rather a slight chill, after a frosty night ; but as the sun ascended the heavens the day became bright and warm, diffusing a genial lustre over the scene. There were plenty of incidents to amuse the crowds during the interval before the procession began to move. Shortly before eleven, Prince Christian, the father of the Princess Alexandra, and the Duke of Cambridge were recognised in the Home Park, and received a warm greeting. They had strolled out apparently to see something of the gathering around the castle walls before donning state garments. A little later in the morning, an inci- dent of another kind occasioned considerable merriment. An elderly man in very plain clothes, accompanied by two porters, the one carrying a blue bag well filled, the other a carpet one not quite so bulky, passed up the centre of the entire line, and, entering the gate from which the procession issued, was lost to view within the royal castle itself. A Jew carrying away his "ole clo'," or a poor traveller unable to pay for a cab, could not have been more unexpected at such a time and place ; but, although every one laughed and wondered what he did there, the mys- terious stranger passed unconcernedly along, gatekeepers, police- men, and soldiers yielding to the latent influence which he possessed of whatever sort it might be. At half-past eleven the first carriage of the procession to the chapel approached the gates, when all at once there was a bustle of commotion, and every eye was directed to its approach. The first part of the procession consisted of the royal guests. They came in seven state carriages. The first three carriages contained equerries, adjutants, and gentlemen in attendance on the royal personages who occupied the remaining four, in the first of which were seated H. H. the Maharajah Dhuleep Sing, his S. H. Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar ; and his S.H. the Prince of Leinagen ; the others being principally occupied by members of the family of the Princess Alexandra. The splendour of the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh's appearance in his turban and oriental robes crusted with jewels, and resplendent with gold, was a theme of universal admiration. His munificent gift to the Princess Alexandra of a bouquet holder which cost £1000 was amply rewarded by the hearty cheers which greeted him as the carriage passed along the line. The sixth and seventh carriages, containing the sisters and brothers of the bride, were watched with great interest, and received with loud acclamations, which were very cordially and gracefully acknowledged. At a quarter before twelve o'clock appeared the second proces- sion, consisting of the royal family and household, occupying eleven carriages. The first six contained the household, and the remaining five the members of the royal family, the last being occupied by her Royal Highness the Crown Princess of Prussia and her little son, Prince William of Prussia. Each carriage as it passed was heartily cheered. Prince Leopold and Prince Arthur were in Highland costume, and they appeared highly to enjoy their reception. But, perhaps, the most enthusiastic cheering up to this point was for the Crown Princess of Prussia. She was looking extremely well, and her pleasant, cheerful face was seen to great advantage as she partially rose from her seat in acknowledgment of the public acclamations. Next followed, at twelve o'clock precisely, the procession of the bridegroom. Public expectation was now nearly wrought to its height. There was but one sight more to transcend the interest of this part of the ceremonial. There were six carriages, five of which were occupied by members of the different royal house- holds, and in the last sat his Royal Highness the bridegroom, and the reigning Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and the Crown Prince of Prussia, his supporters or groomsmen. The Prince looked pale and anxious, and there was now and then a twitching of the lips, as though his Royal Highness were striving to control any exhibition of nervous feeling or agitation. With white shoulder-knots, and collar of the Order of the Garter over his bright uniform, he had a gallant and noble look, and with grace and animation repeatedly acknowledged the hearty plaudits with which he was received. In another quarter of an hour came the procession of the bride, shorter but incomparably more interesting than any of its prede- cessors. Trumpets and Life Guards seldom before appealed to such beating hearts as on this occasion. There were only four carriages. In the first, second, and third came chamberlains and ladies in attendance, and in the fourth appeared, to the infinite delight of the thousands of spectators, the bride, supported by the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Christian of Denmark. As their royal highnesses passed down the line the outbursts of affectionate devotion exceeded, if that were possible, the exhibition of the previous Saturday. She looked very pale ; but there was a remarkable expression of sweetness in her eyes which showed that the pallor was occasioned by the novelty of her situation, and not by any sentiment of melancholy or dis- trust. The white veil falling lightly from her head, and the wedding wreath that sat gracefully upon her forehead, framed one of the most charming pictures the imagination of a painter could conceive. The several processions have now entered St. George's Chapel, and we must follow them. The porch and arched passages leading to the nave were filled soon after nine o'clock. The western entrance, opening into the upper part of the nave, was not opened till after ten o'clock. The assemblage was gradually filtered through into the nave, and the gentlemen of the Lord Chamber- lain's department finally distributed the happy atoms along the scarlet benches within. As drift upon drift of those favoured with tickets came fluttering from the doorways, each succeeding row higher and higher was occupied. At eleven o'clock there was no more room, and the doors were closed. Many of the most distinguished families and persons in the empire were represented on these benches. The sight was one of marvellous splendour and beauty, as may be inferred from the fact that the number of ladies exceeded that of gentlemen by three to one. With respect to the general effect, it should be observed that it was the wish of the sovereign that bright colours should be avoided, and that mauve, lavender, or light blue should be worn. The result was charming, because it produced a harmony of colour such as has never been witnessed before. It would be an excellent thing if a similar regulation were enjoined on all state occasions. If there was something left in the way of con- trast, which is often violent, it was amply counterbalanced by the gain in the blended tone of the ensemble. While these seats were filling, the gallery near the organ began to be alive with the singers and musicians engaged to take part in the service. Amongst the number we recognised the familiar faces of John Parry, Mrs. German Reed, and Jenny Lind. During the interval of suspense that followed the closing of the doors, the nave is trodden singly or in groups by the dignitaries and guests, who are filing into their places. Conspicuous amongst them is a well-known figure, once the erect, soldierly, strong type of the strong man who fought in famous fields half a century ago, and who is still fighting bravely against the inroads of time. Covered with honours, as he is laden with years, for he is now ninety-four, who that sees Stapleton, Viscount Combermere, in that exact uniform, marching down the centre of the nave in the lustrous boots for which the dashing horseman of El Bodon was distinguished, remembers that he served in Flanders before Napoleon founded a dynasty, and in India long before the great company had ceased to fear Tippoo, before the Mahrattas were broken, and before the power of the Sikhs was heard of ! There is a mysterious reception chamber, hidden by the rich folds of a vast drapery of purple silk, and within are waiting the invited guests of the Queen, ready to form into a procession, when the proper moment comes. On a sudden—far remote indeed—are heard from the world beyond the walls the bars of "God Save the Queen," and as they are yet sounding nearer, and nearer, the purple curtain is drawn back, and there enters into the nave the procession of the royal guests. We cannot under- take to enumerate them. They have been already chronicled in the court lists, and are familiar to the reader of those records. Prominent amongst them, or, rather, first, for he heads the procession, is his Highness Dhuleep Singh. The representative of the glories of the Khalsa, the descendant of the Lion of Lahore, is resplendent in cloth of gold kirkob, with collar of pearls and sheen of yellow satin ; and it is strange to see him here among the fair-haired Norsemen and Teutons whose boldest adventures had never led them within half the world's circumference of the land we have made our own. Next to the Maharajah is Prince Edward of Saxe- Weimar, who fought in our ranks at Inkermann ; and the illustrions line is closed by Colonel Seymour, who stood near at hand in that terrible press of men. When these had all passed into the chapel, the music ceased, and silence followed for a little while. Then once more the purple curtain was thrown open, the trumpets gave forth their peal to the roll of the kettledrums, and the train of pursuivants and heralds, two by two, marched slowly towards the chapel, heading the great procession of the Royal family and the Queen's household. The effect of this procession, slow in pace, brightly coloured, and proudly resplendent, was very beautiful ; and its beauty and its interest were greatly enhanced by the presence of the children of the house endeared to the nation by the virtues and sorrows of the Queen. The appearance of the young Princesses of England elicited a universal expression of profound admiration and sympathy. And when the Crown Princess of Prussia came, leading by the hand his little Royal Highness Prince William of Prussia, whose tiny gait was revealed by a Highland costume, a soft sound stole through the nave, which the genius of the place alone repressed from swelling into an enthusiastic development. But it was, nevertheless, the index to the feelings of the English heart. Again the flourish of trumpets and the roll of drums awaken the echoes of the chapel, and the procession of the bridegroom enters, and passes up the nave, every eye looking blessings, and every head paying homage as the young Prince, whose military costume is almost concealed under his mantle of the garter, ad- vances towards the scene where the dream of his young life is to be realised. Another brief interval, and the curtain opens again and the last procession emerges, in the midst of which, radiant alike with fear and hope, the bride advances, her train being held by eight un- married daughters of dukes, marquises, and earls. We must now pass out of the nave into the choir, whose exclu- sive precincts are reserved for royalty, and the high officers of state alone. It is a sanctuary worthy of such presence. The place is full of historical memories, which at once flash across the mind, but which we have not time to linger over now. Up the centre of the chapel is a rich carpet worked at the borders with the prince's plume and motto, and his own and his bride's monogram. Near the altar is a raised dais approached by three broad steps, and giving an ample platform for the accommodation of the bridal party. It is covered with garter- blue velvet cloth, on which is worked the old heraldic Tudor rose, encircled by the motto of the garter. Around are crimson and gold seats with fringes and tassels of bullion. Screens have been removed on all sides, and accommodation benches provided for the invited guests. A special place, that nearest to the altar, is reserved for the Royal Academician, Mr. W. P. Frith, who, in full court costume, sits here to take his drawings for the great picture of the Royal Marriage, which he is to paint by command, and for the copyright of which a higher sum has been paid than was ever before offered for any picture. The seat selected for Mr. Frith is immediately behind the royal personages on the Haut Pas, from which point the design is to be taken. Above the altar, on the left, jutting out from the wall, is the royal pew, covered with quaint old carving, and still more curious heraldic emblazonments, built in the days of Henry VII., when kings were expected to be present at the "low" or kneeling mass every morning. Part of the panelling is removed from the front, and its antique window sills are draped with massive folds of purple velvet, fringed richly and deeply with bullion lace. This is for her Majesty, and the floor of the pew has been heightened inside, so that the window sills reach no higher than about a foot from the floor, that her Majesty might see and be seen as she was throughout the ceremony. The moving out of heralds and others in gorgeous official cos- tumes, and the universal buzz of expectation, announce the rapid approach of the hour when the crowning act of the day is to be solemnised. People begin to arrive to take their places in the stalls. The first to enter is the Marchioness of Ailesbury, who takes her seat in a stall of a Knight of the Garter. As if they had been waiting for this example to be set, and for someone to break the stately solitude of the shrine, many ladies follow the mar- chioness quickly—Lady Edward Seymour and Lady De Ros, and the Countess A. and M. Danneschjold and Viscountess Torrington. Mr. Frith seats himself next to the Countess of Caithness ; and the Countess of Derby, like the Marchioness of Ailesbury, dressed in blue, seats herself near where the banner of her noble husband droops over his vacant stall. Then follow in rapid succession the Marchioness of Ely, Countess Cowley, Countess of Spencer, Viscountess Combermere, Duchess of St. Albans, Marchioness of Westminster, Countess Gleichen, Viscountess Joselyn, Duchess of Athole, Countess of Gainsborough, Countess of Macclesfield, Countess of Desart, Mar- chioness of Carmarthen, Countess Ducie, Lady Camoys, Coun- tess of Bessborough, Viscountess Bury, and the wife of the Deputy-Chamberlain, Viscountess Castlerose, whose superb toilette provokes admiration even in that assemblage of rank and wealth. All are in full court dress, with the exception that they wear no trains, and all, without exception, are dressed in velvet or satin, either of blue, mauve, or violet colour, the latter being the prevailing tone. All too wear feathers and diamonds in their hair, and some show tiaras of brilliants almost large enough to form head-dresses, so completely do the glittering jewels cover the head like a regal crown. The last of the peeresses to arrive is Lady Palmerston. She has been detained at the railway station, and has been enabled to reach the chapel in time only with the greatest difficulty. Almost the first male visitor to put in an appearance is Sir George Grey, who comes accompanied by Lady Grey. They take their places on the left, and are quickly followed by Lord ard Lady Stanley of Alderley, Sir Charles and Lady Mary Wood, Mr. Milner Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Cardwell, the Master of Trinity, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mrs. Gladstone, Lady Alfred Paget, the Earl and Countess of Hardwicke, Lord Harris, the Earl and Countess of Suffolk, the Duke of St. Albans, the Duke of Athole, the Duke and Duchess of Argyll, Earl and Countess De la Warr, Lady Proby, Lord Churchill, Sir G. C. Lewis, Hon. Mrs. W. Cowper, Lady A. Bruce, Miss Biddulph, Mrs. C. Grey, Mrs. Wellesley, the Duchess of Somerset, and the Countess of Shaftesbury. All the gentlemen are in full official uniform, and wear the chief insignia of whatever orders they have the honour to possess, collars and badges in the fullest state. The Lord and Lady Mayoress are amongst the late ar- rivals. Mr. and Mrs. Disraeli are also late. The leader of the Opposition is in his Windsor uniform, and Mrs. Disraeli is radiant with diamonds. Now come the Knights of the Garter, exciting a loud hum of admiration as they sweep up the choir like a procession of monarchs, with their long velvet mantles of imperial blue, looped at the shoulders with white riband, trailing after them, headed by the Premier himself. After all the knights are seated, the Lord Chancellor, in his state robes, and carrying the Great Seal, passes in a slow and stately pace up the choir—alone, but a perfect pageant in himself —to his seat at the head of all. It is now a quarter to twelve, and the Archbishop of Canterbury enters, followed by the Bishop of London, attending as Dean of the Chapels Royal ; the Bishop of Oxford, as Chancellor of the Order of the Garter ; the Bishop of Winchester, as its Prelate, the Bishop of Chester, as Clerk of the Closet ; and the Dean of Windsor, as Registrar of the Order of the Garter, with the canons and minor canons of the chapel. The suffragan bishops stand aside as the dais is reached, and make way for the Primate, who passed at once to the north of the altar, and the dean, robed in scarlet, with the canons, take their places to the south. For a minute the prelates kneel in prayer, then rise and stand in line inside the rails. This is followed by a slight rustle of silks and clinking of jewelled orders as nearly the whole corps diplomatique come in and take their places underneath the Royal pew—showing literally like a cluster of gold and jewels that equals even the appearance of the Knights of the Garter. And now there is a long and solemn pause, during which even whispers are audible, and the rustle of the dresses comes with a noise as their fair wearers turn to survey the scene around. Suddenly, there is just a perceptible movement—a kind of con- sciousness that something has occurred, which tells at once that the Queen is either coming or has come, and all eyes are quietly directed towards the quaint old pew in the wall. In another instant, the Queen herself appears, accompanied by his Royal Highness the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the brother of the late Prince, and, as we all know, so like him as to make the resemblance almost startling as he stands by the side of her Majesty. The Queen wears the simplest and plainest of widow's weeds—a widow's cap, a black silk dress with white collar and cuffs, and black gloves. The only colours which appear upon her are the star of the Order of the Garter, and its blue riband, narrowed to the width her Majesty usually wears, across her left shoulder. She looks well in health, but thinner and older, with the permanent traces of deep grief and care stamped on every lineament of her features. She stands at the window of the royal pew, a little withdrawn from general gaze, and only to be seen at all by those on the opposite side of the choir glancing quietly into the interior, while the Duke of Saxe-Coburg speaks, and apparently explains to her the arrangements going on below for the great cere- mony which has drawn her forth from her mourning and seclusion. After a few minutes she seats herself a little away from the window, and the duke retires, the Hon. Mrs. E. Bruce, clad like the Queen, in deep mourning, taking his place. It is twelve o'clock, and the noise of cheering can be heard outside, and then a pause, broken after a few minutes by the great rustle and peculiar hum which the great mass of visitors in the nave make on rising. The first of the three processions is at hand, but no one moves in the choir till the glittering file is seen, headed by heralds and great officers of state, coming rank in rank in stately order, filing off to the right and left as they enter the choir, till they reach the dais, which none but the most illustrious may ascend. Dhuleep Singh, with Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar and the Prince of Leiningen, in his uniform as captain in the English navy, head the line of royal guests, but it is on the sister of the bride, the lovely Princess Dagmar of Denmark, followed by her royal mother, leading in each hand the Princess Thyra and Prince Waldemar, that all looks are centred as with stately steps they slowly pass up the centre. All as they reach the steps of the Haut Pas turn and make a deep and reverend obeisance to her Majesty, which her Majesty, rising and advancing to the front, graciously acknowledges. Of these royal personages, it may be remarked here that none attracted more notice than the bride's mother, the Princess Chris- tian, and her two young daughters, the Princesses Dagmar and Thyra, the younger being apparently about ten years of age These princesses are both remarkably handsome, and the elder bears a strong resemblance to her sister, the Princess Alexandra. It must however, be confessed that their royal mother monopolised attention, and perhaps equally excited surprise. The Princess Christian looks more like a sister of the bride than her mother. Her beauty, her courtly gait, and her superb and exquisite costume, rivetted every eye. In point of magnificence of apparel the Princess Christian was perhaps the most striking personage in the entire ceremonial. The body and train of her dress were composed of the richest violet-coloured velvet, the skirt of white moire an- tique, elaborately worked with gold thread. Upon the bodice were diamond ornaments, and on the head a diamond tiara with white plumes, while across the breast stretched the scarlet and white ribbon of Denmark. As the long train, sweeping down the nave, was borne behind the Princess Christian, it was impossible to help feeling that a right royal and rarely lovely woman was there, independently of her being an object of such strong interest as mother of the bride. As soon as the Royal guests had taken their places, Dhuleep Singh and the Prince of Leiningen occupying seats in front of the altar on the southern side, the procession of the Royal family and the Queen's household appeared. The Princess Mary of Cambridge, her magnificent train borne by Lady Edith Somerset, moves up the choir with the most stately grace. At the dais, her attendant paused, and she turns to gather her train over her arm, and, moving to the centre, make a profound courtesy to her Majesty, then passes at once to her place on the north of the altar, in front of and just beneath those treasures of ironwork, the gates of Quentin Matsys. As she passes in, the Duches of Cambridge follows, with like state and ceremony, and then the Princess Beatrice, Princess Louise, and Princess Helena ascend in turn, followed by the Princes Arthur and Leopold, the latter in Highland dresses of the Royal tartan. All bow and courtesy deeply to the Queen, and the Princess Helena, who wears a train, gathers hers on her arm like the rest, and seats herself near the Duchess of Cambridge. The next is the Princess Alice, wearing a noble coronet of brilliants ; then the Princess Royal, looking as young, as amiable, and as timid as when, with slow steps, she herself was led to the altar at the Chapel Royal, but this time leading by the hand a fine little boy, who, all unawed by the stately pomp around, dragged on his mother's arm, as he looked behind him at the pageant, and with difficulty brought his little feet to surmount the three steps of the Haut Pas. All have risen as they enter, and the Queen now rises too, and bows to her daughter with a kind and winning smile—the first that has passed across her face since she entered the chapel. Her Majesty has evidently found an object which deeply interests her, and instead of seating herself again she re- mains at the closet window, watching her royal children as they pass one after another to their seats beneath. And even when they are seated she leans over the front and remains gazing down at them steadily with an expression of fond pride which is unmis- takable, and in which no trace of grief can be discovered now. Again the kettle-drums and trumpets. This time all rise, except the Queen herself, and remain standing respectfully, for it is the bride groom that approaches. He comes slowly up the choir, partly followed and partly accompanied by the Duke of Saxe- Coburg and the Prince of Prussia. The "Wedding March" is played as they advance, and the Queen rises and comes fully for- ward as the Haut Pas is reached, and the three ascend and turn in line towards her, bowing deeply. The Duke of Saxe-Coburg and the Prince of Prussia retire to the south side of the altar, and the bridegroom, after kneeling a few seconds in prayer, rises and stands "the rose and expectancy of this fair State," in the centre of the Haut Pas, alone, with his face towards the Queen. With the easy grace that seems natural to all his actions he stood alone, the watched and observed of all observers, neither bashful nor confident, but with a manly royal bearing that became his illustrious birth and exalted station. He looked round upon the splendid scene for a moment quietly and easily ; and his every movement, his look, his very bearing, seemed in their vivid like- ness to his royal father to impress and amaze all—even those who by their rank and station might be supposed to be the most fami- liar with his features. As the sound of cheering was heard with- out, marking the coming of his youthful bride, he kept turning his head every moment, for from where he stood, in the centre of the altar, he could see through the screen and down the nave beyond to where the crimson curtains would hide the marshalling of the bride's procession. Often and often did he glance this way, but the curtains were motionless, and gave no sign of the coming forth of her whom all now watched for with eager ex- pectation. At last with a great clangour of trumpets, which at first are muffled into a rich indistinctness behind the curtains, the long looked for procession of the bride enters, and the prince, giving one look to satisfy himself of the fact of the arrival, keeps his eyes fixed upon the Queen, and never turns his head again till his affianced stands beside him. The Queen immediately rose, and, bending forward from her closet, stood prepared to receive and to welcome her future daughter. At this moment the sun broke out in great brilliancy, and, shining down into the chapel, fell directly upon the Queen's head and face, and seemed to illuminate the shadow recessed about the altar—happy augury, let us hope, of the sunshine of the heart that will rest on the princess and her home. The hush was now so deep and breathless that even the rest- less glitter of the jewels that twinkled everywhere seemed almost to break it, and, despite the stately etiquette which had hitherto regulated every word and gesture, all now bent far and eagerly forward at the hum and rustle in the nave beyond showed the young bride to be drawing near. In another minute she had entered, and stood the fairest and almost the youngest of all her lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind her. Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, and the soft, delicate bloom of colour which ordinarily imparts a look of joyous happiness to her expressive features, had all but disappeared as, with head bent down, but glancing occasionally from side to side, she moved slowly up towards the altar. Seen as she now appeared, her golden brown hair contrasting with the wreath of orange blossoms and the rich veil depending from it, her deep eyes flashing from under its shadow, and her regular features as exquisitely formed as the ideal of a sculptor, it is no exaggeration to say that she fascinated the ad- miration of all who had the good fortune to behold her. Every- body is absorbed by this charming bride. She alone of all that magnificent assemblage is now watched with anxious and loving eyes. From the way in which her face is shaded by the veil, and her looks are bent forward as she advances, it is difficult to see her features more fully, but as she nears the altar she drops her arm, and for the first time appears beneath the folds of her veil a large bouquet of orange flowers, carried in a princely gift from the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh. The bouquet was composed of orange blossoms, white rose buds, rare orchideous flowers, and sprigs of myrtle, with a trimming of Honiton lace. The myrtle was sent from Osborne, and was taken from plants reared from the sprigs used in the bridal bouquet of the Princess Royal. It is her Majesty's desire to have myrtle plant« kept in the gardens of Osborne reared from each of the bridal bouquets of the Royal family. The dress of the bride is also an object of interest which we must interrupt the narrative for a moment to describe. It con- sists of a petticoat of white satin trimmed with chatelains of orange blossoms, myrtle, and bouffants of tulle with honiton lace. The train of silver moire antique trimmed with bouffants of tulle, Honiton lace, and bouquets of orange blossom and myrtle ; the body of the dress trimmed to correspond. The necklace, earrings, and brooch, of pearls and diamonds, which were the gift of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ; riviare of diamonds, given by the corporation of London ; opal and dia- mond bracelet, given by the Queen ; diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Leeds ; and an opal and diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Manchester. Her royal highness's gorgeous train of white and silver was borne by eight young ladies, between the ages of fifteen and twenty, the very choice and flower of the fair scions of our most ancient houses. It is quite superfluous to say how they looked, as robed in snowy white, and wrapped in veils, they followed the royal mistress with soft footsteps, though, as they were not going to be married, they seemed to think themselves relieved from the necessity of looking on the ground, and glanced about and turned to one another, and made believe to look as if they did not know and hear that they com- manded almost their full tribute of admiration, even behind such a lady in such a scene as this. Their dresses were all of white— a wonderful mixture of silk and lace that made them seem ethereal in their lightness, as partly wrapped in long veils they passed as noislessly as a vision. Slowly the bride reaches the Haut Pas, and at she stops to bow to the Queen some of her fair attendants, who are apparently even more nervous than herself, attempt to kneel, but, finding their mistake, rise quickly and move on as if they did not mean it. Then, and then only does the Prince turn, as if to receive her, but checks himself as he sees them all bowing to the Queen, and for the first and only time he seems irresolute as to what he ought to do. The long keen scrutiny seems to have disturbed his composure at last, though only for a second, and the Anthem ceases, and all retire a little apart while the bride and bridegroom are left standing in the middle of the Haut Pas, the latter alone, the former, of course, closely surrounded by her attendant brides- maids, so closely, indeed, that in that gorgeous mist of scarlet and purple and gold they were the only group on which the eye could turn with a feeling like rest from the surrounding glitter. Handel's march from "Joseph" had been played at entering, but all music had ceased as the party stood around the altar, till its strains broke out with the solemn words of the of the chorus :— "This day, with joyful heart and voice To Heav'n be raised a nation's pray'r; Almighty Father, deign to grant Thy blessing to the wedded pair. So shall no clouds of sorrow dim The sunshine of their early days, But happiness in endless round Shall still encompass all their ways." The exquisitely soft music of this chant, at once solemn and sorrowful, was composed by the late Prince Consort. It may have been this, or the associations and lifelong memories called up by the scene beneath her, but certain it is that as the hymn commenced her Majesty drew back from the window of the pew, and, after an effort to conceal her emotion, gave way to her tears and almost sobbed ; nor did she throughout the rest of the ceremony entirely recover her composure. The bridal party saw nothing of this, the bride's face was turned from the pew, and the Queen was withdrawn too much from the front for the Prince to see her, though his looks were often turned in that direction. As the solemn chant ended the prelates advanced to the communion rails, and the Primate, in a rich clear voice, which was heard throughout every part of the building, choir, and nave, commenced the service with the usual formulary, "Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God, and in the face of this congregation, to join together this man and this woman in holy matri- mony." There is a solemn pause after that dreadful adjuration in which they are charged to answer if there was any impediment to their marriage, and then, after a moment, the Primate passed on to "Wilt thou, Albert Edward, have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony ? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honour, and keep her in sickness and in health, and forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live ?" To this the Prince rather bowed than responded, his utterance was so indistinct. To the same question, "Wilt thou, Alexandra Caroline Maria, have this man to thy wedded husband" the reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, as usual, every ear was strained to catch it. But to the words,—"I take thee, Alexandra to my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance ; and thereto I plight thee my troth," the Prince re- peated clearly word for word after his Grace, though now, again, when it was the turn of the young bride, she could be heard only to answer almost inaudibly, and her cheeks were suffused with a crimson flush and she seemed very nervous. To the question, "Who giveth this woman to be married to this man ?" the royal father of the bride only bowed and moved towards the Princess, who was removing her glove hurriedly. Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear, soft voice, firmly and deliberately repeated the words :— "With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow ; in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." All then knelt down while the prayer, commencing "O Eter- nal God, Creator and Preserver of all mankind, Giver of all spiritual grace, the Author of everlasting life ; send Thy blessing upon these Thy servants, this man and this woman, whom we bless, in Thy name," was solemnly repeated, and then they rose, while the Primate joined their hands and said the final words, "Those whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder." With these words, which in law completed the marriage cere- mony, the service was continued to the 67th Psalm, the solemn strains of which came like a relief to what seemed almost the overwrought feelings of all within the choir as the words went pealing softly through both nave and aisle. Then was continued the usual prayer and exhortation, during which the guns in the long walk were heard booming forth, and the steeples throughout the town seemed to fill the air with sound. Misled for a moment, the Queen's band began tuning their instruments, and even the organ gave one or two involun- tary spirts and whistles, as if anxious to lead in the race of har- mony. It was premature, however, and there was a gentle hush, which restored the former silence, when the Primate was heard concluding the exhortation. Then raising his voice, he solemnly pronounced the benediction, during which the Queen, who had been more deeply affected, knelt and buried her face in her handkerchief. The bride and bridegroom then joined hands, and, turning to the Queen, gave more a nod of kindly friendship than a bow of state, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minute the Queen, giving a similar greeting to the Princess, quitted the closet, and the whole pageant went pouring in a gorgeous stream or flood of colours, of waving plumes, and flaming jewels, out of the choir. None can tell but those who were present how grand and solemn was the whole ceremony, or with how much deep hope and true devotion the marriage of the second Prince of Wales was celebrated in St. George's Chapel, Windsor. As they left the choir, the organ and the band went pealing forth the Hallelujah of Bee- thoven :— "Hallelujah to the Father, And the Son of God, Praise the Lord, ye everlasting choir, in holy songs of joy, Worlds unborn shall sing His Glory, The exalted Son of God." Little remains to chronicle. As soon as the august ceremony was over, the bride, having first received the salutation of the Lord Chamberlain, took the arm of her husband, and returned down the choir, and beneath the organ to the nave. Every head bowed, and invoked a blessing as they passed ; and it was a brave sight to see the royal family, the foreign princes, and the prin- cesses with their costly trains, sweep along the nave and follow her into that gorgeous reception room to offer her their congra- tulations. It is an interesting incident in the events of the day that the Queen returning privately from the royal closet, waited at the grand entrance of the castle for the arrival of the Prince and Princess, and was the first person to receive and congratulate them, which she did with an expression of profound emotion. The illustrious company being now collected in the castle, the marriage was attested in due form in the Green Drawing-room, and White-room by the royal guests, the Church dignitaries, the Lord Chancellor, and other ministers of the Crown, and M. de Bille, the Danish minister. The royal guests were then conducted to the dining-room, where a magnificent dejeuner was served. The wedding cake, which occupied the centre of the royal table, was divided into three compartments, the middle, of octangular form, contained a square altar in the centre, with a cupid at each angle holding a piece of wedding cake. Towards the conclusion of the dejeuner, the Lord Steward proposed "Their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales." In St. George's-hall, a similar entertainment was served to the diplomatic corps, the ladies in waiting, and to the very numerous company present at the ceremony of the marriage, in the choir of the chapel, amounting to about four hundred persons. Here another wedding-cake, of enormous dimensions, was placed in the middle of the table. It weighed about eighty pounds, and formed an octagon, covered with white satin, each side dis- playing alternately medallions of the Prince of Wales, the arms of Great Britain, medallions of the Princess Alexandra, and the arms of Denmark. The cornice was formed of large pearls. The cake was decorated with orange blossom and jasmine, and the top was surmounted by a vase filled with a jasmine bouquet. Immediately after the dejeuner, the Knights of the Garter, the Ministers of the Crown, the Archbishop and Bishops, and other guests left the castle. At four o'clock their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales took their departure for her Majesty's marine residence, Osborne, Isle of Wight. Their royal highnesses were conducted down the grand staircase by the Lord Steward, the Lord Cham- berlain, the Master of the Horse, the Groom of the Stole to his royal highness, the Treasurer of the Household, the Vice-Cham- berlain, and the Comptroller of the Household. The members of the Danish royal family, and most of the royal visitors, followed the Prince and Princess to the grand entrance, where the Princess of Wales took leave of her parents and other relatives. Their Royal Highnesses entered an open carriage and four, and, preceded by outriders in scarlet liveries, passed slowly round the quadrangle of the castle. Many of the ladies and gentlemen of the Queen's household were present at the entrance to witness the departure of their Royal Highnesses. A second open carriage and four conveyed the Countess of Morton, Lady in Waiting to the Princess, Lieutenant-General Knollys, Comptroller to his Royal Highness, and Mrs. Knollys, and Lieutenant-Colonel Keppel, Equerry in Waiting. These were the only persons who attended the Prince and Princess on their journey to Osborne. The Prince and Princess of Wales passed under the George IV. gateway and proceeded to the Windsor station of the Great Western Railway. We have already described the dress of the bride, and this is, perhaps, the proper place to refer to the dresses of the princesses and the bridesmaids. The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a train of lilac silver moire, trimmed with white honiton lace. Petticoat of white satin, with honiton lace tunic and bands of lilac velvet. Diadem of diamonds. Stomacher, necklace, and earrings of diamonds. Head-dress, white feathers and tulle veil. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a violet velvet train trimmed with ermine. Petticoat of violet satin trimmed with black lace, covered with a tunic of honiton lace, a tiara of pearls and dia- monds, necklace and stomacher to match. The Princess Helena wore a train of white silk, with bouquets of the rose, shamrock, and thistle, tied with silver cord, manu- factured by Lewis and Allenby, trimmed with tulle, and bouquets of lilacs, white and lilac. Petticoat of white tulle over white glace, striped with ribbons of rose, shamrock, and thistle ; bouquet of lilac. Head-dress, wreath of lilacs, white feathers, and blonde lappets ; diamond ornaments. Princess Louise and Princess Beatrice, dress of white tulle over white glace, striped with ribbons of rose, shamrock, and thistle, tied with silver cord ; trimmed with bouquets of lilacs. Head- dress, wreaths of lilacs (white and lilac) ; pearl ornaments. Her Imperial Highness the Duchess of Brabant wore a train of blue moire antique embroidered with gold. The wreaths of the bridesmaids were formed of blush roses, shamrocks, and white heather, with long veils of tulle falling from the back of the wreath. The dresses of white tulle over white glace were trimmed to correspond. As it was understood that the royal pair would set out on their journey to Osborne immediately after the dejeuner, the mult- tudes outside collected in dense masses to catch a last glimpse of them. At last the Prince and Princess of Wales appeared in an open carriage drawn by four white horses, and preceded by out- riders similarly mounted. This was the signal for, perhaps, the loudest burst of cheering which had been heard throughout the day, and when the South-Western Railway was reached, and the Prince and Princess showed them- selves at the window of the saloon carriage, the enthusiasm became almost frantic. In a moment more the train had disap- peared, and, so far as regarded Windsor, the ceremony was at an end. Their Royal Highnesses reached Cowes at ten minutes past seven, when an address was presented from the Mayor and Cor- poration at Ryde. The royal carriages were in waiting at the Trinity House landing-place, and in a few minutes the Prince and Princess were driven to Osborne. 