NEWS AND NOTES. Our Creswick correspondent sends the following items of intelligence:- An enquiry was held on Saturday, at Smeaton, by Mr W. B. Lees, the Dis- trict Coroner, into the cause of the late fire at that place. After a long and patient investigation which occupied eight hours, the jury returned a verdict that the fire had been caused accidentally by some person or persons.- The present postal arrangements are causing great inconvenience and dissatisfaction here. Merchants and bankers complain that the closing of the mail for Ballarat at a quarter to two delays in many cases their letters for twenty-four hours in their transit to Melbourne, and country cor- respondents cannot possibly answer their letters the same day they are received as the country post offices make up their mails so early in the day. As the second mail from Ballarat does not bring any mail from Melbourne the advantages from it are very trifling indeed. A man who refused to give his name or reply in any way but "dont know," was brought up to-day at the Police Court, charged with uttering on Saturday evening a valueless Bank of England draft, dated 1856. He went into Mr McLean's Hotel, at Kingston, called for some ale, and tendered the draft for payment. On it being examined and found to be worthless he was given into the custody of the police, but he contrived to be quick enough to pick up and swallow the draft. He was discharged, with a direction to the police to keep a look out for him, as he is evidently an old offender. It is rumored that a requisition is about to be presented to his Honor Judge Rogers from the jus- tices of the peace for the Ballarat district requesting that he will call a meeting of the magistracy of the district to consider the appointment of local hono- rary justices which it is stated the Ministry is about to make. The extremely sultry weather that we have had during the last three or four days has proved very detrimental to public health, no less than twelve deaths, principally of children, having been regis- tered with Mr Pooley on Monday. At the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, Jane Walsh, a denizen of Esmond street, was sent to gaol for three months for violently assaulting Mary Oakes, by striking her on the eye with a jug whereby the person assaulted lost the sight of one of her eyes. A man named Denis McCarthy was on Monday committed for trial at the Eastern Police Court for violently assaulting Thomas Bolitho on the 24th December, in Esmond street. The Australasian Insurance Company, through Mr Spencer Wilson, has forwarded a donation of £12 10s to each of the Fire Brigades. The Captain of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, on Monday night, reported that he had received the proceeds of the Benefit on the Cricket Ground, which took place under the auspices of the Cricket Club. The amount received was £44 19s 6d, clear of all expenses save the payment of the band. The Water Commission has resolved on calling for tenders from persons willing to take charge of the various stand pipes in both townships. From the report of the Engineer of the Water Commission at the meeting of that body on Monday, we learn that the water in the swamp shows 8½ inches now against 11 inches on the 22nd December, 1861, and that the water in Kirk's dam has fallen 7 inches since the 22nd ult. A man named John Harris was sent to gaol on Monday, by the police magistrate, for six months, for stealing a pair of boots from the shop of Jacob Bernstein, in the Main road. At the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, a Chinese named Ah Lung was committed for trial for stealing a watch chain from the house of George Ricketts, on Pennyweight Hill. Mr Cowan has declined to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for a spot in the Western Municipal Council. This evening, Dr Bromby, principal of the Church of England Grammar School Melbourne, is to deliver a lecture at the Mechanics' Institute-subject, "The Moon." The theme is a most interesting one, and we have no doubt the reverend lecturer will do it justice. The bazaar in the Mechanics' Institute, in aid of the fund now being raised to liquidate the debt due on St.Paul's Church, was brought to a close on Monday evening. The various articles remaining, save a few of the more costly, passed beneath the hammer of Mr W. C. Smith. Excellent prices were realised for some articles owing to the brisk compe- tition that existed. The total amount realised up to the present is about £700. The articles on hand will be disposed of on the art union principle. There was so small an attendance at a meeting of the members of the Ballarat Cricket Club on Mon- day evening, that the business was deferred till Wednesday. We understand that Cr Campbell was prevented from attending the meetings of the Westem Council and Water Commission on Monday in consequence of illness. At the meeting of the Western Council on Monday Cr Smith read a letter received from Mr Mitchell, intimating that £1000 would be spent on the War- renheip road this year. On Monday a requisition was being signed to Cr Doane that he would again allow himself to be nomi- nated for the Western Municipal Council. In order to prevent inconvenience and disappoint-ment to the public, we are requested by the Post- master to draw attention to the alterations of time in closing some of the mails for the new year, as shown by the table exhibited outside the Post Office. "Gold Fields of Victoria" is the title of a volume of over 300 pages, consisting of a reprint of the contributions to the Argus by its special reporter, despatched some few months since to ascertain "whether the older gold fields were showing signs of exhaustion, and to show the social condition of the miners upon them." The author has evidently seized upon most of the salient and important facts extant in all the gold fields he has visited, and has treated them with fairness and intelligence. The account of Ballarat is a a bare, bald outline, and here and there are inaccuracies such as few non- local men could perhaps escape from. There are also a few other inaccuracies which a more careful "read- ing" might have corrected; but the writer, while , affecting neither the savan nor the fine writer, has produced a well-written, and highly suggestive series of observations and remarks. As a review is no- thing if not critical, we must take exception to the vicious conversion of the adjective "alluvial" into a noun substantive. The author has "quoted" the old erroneous use of the diggers' word "payable," but in his use of the word "alluvial" he has himself committed a similar error. To those who are igno- rant of the Victorian gold fields the book will afford a reliable bird's-eye view of mining affairs here. We can but hope, therefore, that the work will be largely read in Europe and elsewhere, for, as the author remarks in his last page,"the better our resources are known, the more attractive will the colony become." The building being erected as a gymnasium for the Turnvercin is now nearly completed, and will be opened on Friday next by Mr Carl Franz, as vorturner. Though the institution may be consi- dered a purely national one in reference to the Ger- man population, it is by no means intended to confine its benefits to the Teutonic section of the community. At the New Adelphi Theatre on Monday evening the performances commenced with "Le Chalet; or, Why Don't She Marry," in which Miss Cielia How- son, and Messrs Frank Howson, J. Howson, junior, and Mr F. A. Howson sustained the principal parts, much to their credit. This was followed by the miserere scene in "Trovatore," in which Miss Emma Howson greatly distinguished herself. This young lady possesses a voice of sin- gular freshness and power, and she has the faculty of using it without the slightest apparent effort. The evening's entertainment concluded with a passage from Barnett'a opera, "The Mountain Sylph"- without exception the most tasteful English opera ever written scarcely-with the exception of Wallace's "Maritana." The singers were no doubt urged to excellence of execution by the worth of their theme, and the audience gained unqualified enjoy- ment-if the receipts at the treasury did not amount to a parallel figure. On the fall of the curtain after the performance of the act of "Trovatore," Mr Frank Howson made an apology for what he chose te designate a limited or imperfect performance. He stated (what we know to be a fact) that in the present condition of the dramatic market it was found impossible to construct an efficient histrionic company, but that no effort should be spared to place before the audience a legitimate and satisfactory entertainment. He further stated that, now that Mr John Howson had arrived, the manage- ment would be enabled to place on the stage in its entirety the opera "La Sonnambula," and that on the next (Tuesday) evening "The Night Dancers" would be produced. The play of "Hamlet" was produced at the Theatre Royal last night with Mr Dillon as the Prince, a part which he renders as a careful student of a character whose noble qualities he can most lovingly appreciate. Indeed, we think that Mr Dillon, like most tragedians of equal calibre, sees and feels in the character that which cannot be re- produced in the concrete. There are depths and subtleties ever and anon discovered in the character as rendered by Mr Dillon-"bits" of eloquent silence, or of subdued utterance, which seem to betoken a faculty of conception unrealised in the actual imper- sonation. The portraiture seemed to us some- what unequal, an effect produced perhaps in some measure by a want of those nicer modulations of voice which some other ac- tors can command. There is too, now and then, too much grimace, and in the passage with Ophelia, in the third Act, the actor too nearly bordered on rant to meet our conception of the probable. But if we take some exceptions to the rendering, we have to say also, that the impersonation is a masterly one, nevertheless. What Professor Wilson says of the character, as "princely, gentle, and loving, full of natural gladness, but having a depth of sensibility- the intellectual offspring of Shakspere's love," would seem to be well conceived by Mr Dillon, whose Hamlet excels in the emotional. Deep reverence for the good and true is seen in Hamlet, unutterable respect for his father's memory, and Mr Dillon struck the key note of his ideal in the impassioned apos- trophe, while conversing with Horatio, in the first act, "My father-Methinks, I see my father." In the ghost scene Mr Dillon was powerfully true to nature. The sudden burst-"Angels and ministers of grace defend us," was followed by a long pause, in which the absorbed mind and feelings seemed to be gathering the faculty of further utterance, and the effect was singularly good. In the soliloquy we thought the actor less happy. It seemed rather a declamation than soliloquy; and in the address to the players there was not that perfect ease and finish of nicely modulated elocution which we have sometimes listened to in this character. The closet scene with the Queen was well wrought, and with here and there novel and striking touches of true nature. As we have intimated, the impersonation on the whole was masterly, and repeated calls before the curtain evinced the hearty appreciation of the audience. Miss Lockhart's Queen was quiet and queenly, and not wanting in the more pronouced passages. As Ophelia Miss Harland played with unusually good effect; and Mr Bellair's King was rendered with ease and dignity, befitting the part. Mr Hoskins enacted the Ghost with his accustomed success. The Polonius of Mr Leslie was a very good piece of acting all through, and the subordinate parts were disposed of as creditably as a first night will admit of, we suppose. The entertainment con- cluded with a merry little ballet, in which Madame Louise, Messrs Chambers and Wilmot, and Master Kelly appeared. This tiny little gentleman is ex- tremely amusing, but we always wish such infant precocities could go to bed in better time, and escape the cruel flattery of encores.The play of "Belphe- gor" will be repeated this evening. NUGGET FOUND IN A DUCK'S GIZZARD IN COLLING- WOOD. A small piece of gold, weighing about a dwt., was brought to our office, and stated to have been obtained from the gizzard of a duck killed for a New Year's dinner by the landlord of the Prince of Wales Hotel in Otter street. The duck was reared on the premises, and the presumption is that either there is yet some auriferous surface ground to be discovered in Collingwood, or the nugget may have been lost and found again by this fossicking duck of the landlord of the Prince or Wales Hotel, who, no doubt, be glad to show it to the inquisitive.- Collingwood Observer. 