' , TASMANIA. Lead Obe.— Specimens of galena, obtained at the Dial Bangoy near the Eircr Leven, were for- : " "Vrarded to-A' ictoria to be tested, some short time since, by a scientific gentleman who has'furnished thcresultof the experiment, " as' follows Lead, 4ZM3d per cent. .SUver, 8oz 5 dwts 18"24perton. Gold, 2dwt23"68 per 'ton! 'Signed, G. J.Latta. The following" lYan extract from the letter, enclo- . .sing the rMUlts of the assay-'—" ' # I beg to hand, Mr Latta's assay . of the specimens of galena, I received from yourself and Mr Meredith. Although "tue assay indicates the presence of gold to.tlieiamount of 2 dwt 23 68 grs to the ton, the "oreds utterly valueless for this latter metal, and in ' por.centage.of lead is (unless large quan- fatieB couldheprociircd)to6small,and evenshould large: deposits be discovered, the shipment of it as lead ore to Emrlnnd- would Itnilio mn,: ...n tag eons, method of rcah'sing a good result." H: Tit Advertiser. : Hobbimk Death bt Bubsiko at Boxhweu. — Ou Tuesday last James Fahitcb, in the service of F. Synnott, Esq., of the Hermitage, Shannon, met with'his.dcath under tho following frightful chpmstjMces Eight or ten days before his . tho unfortunate Uian.got severely injured by kicks from a, young .horse he was assisting to break io, and. was consequently unable to move .about... He received tho attention common to :men i&'liis<position, up to the date above men- , tipned, v?hen he appeared to the men working on the farm to be getting much worse, and it Was ultimately resolved to send immediately for medieal aid. . During the time the messenger was'preparing: to start for a docter, one of the men entered the liut, when to his horror he found the poor man lying in the fire, quite dead, a dreadful stench arising from the body, which on removal, was found charred to the appearance \- ofabnrnt log. It is supposed tliat in trying to ' reach a billy pf tea before the fireside, Lo had JpffSfSyStodfiK: weakness, and falling .into the" DUnUOff JD88S» IDf t witli Jli deaili in the mnnnur described. ' "Ah inquest was to be held. — 11. T. Jdeetfuer.u//. ... 1 ' " ' : - Latix& the Ghost.— Formcly all the world belicved in ghosts, and even now faith in the . "vhodilriss crcafions/'-extends beyond-ibe precints of the nursery. From time to time the public , m.iud has been excited by rumours oftheappear- anee of: these mysterious visitants during tho hours of darkness in a blood-stained mansion, in pawning churchyard, or ou a " blasted heath." . i"rc? 'hraally they hare obtruded their sup posed "incorporeal ...essence" upon the inhabi tants of populous; villages aud towns. The \lft®hs pock-lane ghost was a notorious example ofgich impertinence. It has, ; however, been j ' proved that all ' theso creations were " bodiless " nor ," incorporeal," and that „ f® ?fking more than mischievous flesh Ikl/B/li/) vhnlfline . , Hn f >AA «!« 1 1 _ is 'hiv ;i t" - T '' Hjittv oiimi IT c my 01 "v-flKjghwt wtoth.now reIarly presents himself hefqre large'and bewildered audiences inTlegent- ajreeti'london/ by day as well as by niglit? . .,V® tgerccrer ghp3t,iike this ? Yoy are doubt- ,ess aw#ro tliot lie lias recently been purchased -'qi"|ifi)pria'pe(fsdnai or in' Idiiplicafd;' » Isy a 'distin- gpishe'd .theatrical nuuipger. ' Hq ib'an admirable specimen of au/Unniisfakahlc, .most truly uusub- \- ,,8tanlial:.,ghost. . You may 'apparently walk through him, yet withoUt'ih tlio least' disturbing Ms composure. What is he ? Let us'sbo. He is ndthmg more than,.', tho. reflected' ihiagb of a filupiin'ated'ohject, living ;or dead; from " ' the surface pf a flat, piece of glass. The lights are lovreted, and t'.e, spectators are. in compara tive darkqess.. Tho eurtaih is 'drawn, .auddis- \- closes a' dimly illuminated,. chamber called a the ttu'dentVa'liitififf #nd fro. This . pefsbri' is , actually ;EeImiAa large nhqist L,of plafe-inss, „ii6 jq'rgbr in- i.. ip to "be seen in. mauy sliop window, "lie onject to be glipfitified is concealed ia front Pf.tlip glass, and is brilliantly illuminated hv tho well-known hmc light. In- accordance with the law-ofoptic;, the image of the object ;is reflected glass to the, spectator, so-as to spem to ' 'A"?"1 88 w behind Ike. gliiss, aS ' if, i.V/rehll> in \- front of it'; nnd tliey, ;'owiiig' to tb'o obscurify of tqeiqhanibcr; are iiiiablo to 'detect >'tli6's6urce of <\- illusion. : _ The. arrangement' it ingoniohs, fnnd i does- credit to tho institution where ' the dxliibi- J tibn takes placo; ' I have heard philosophers of high distinction attempt to explain tho illusion by tlie/uSe of the concave mirror,' and thoicilec- tiQii thercfrom of an image upon floating dust of i Tapqut in tho air. As this ghost is a great 1 .fhyoiirito with the public, you may/probably not !' ii.sert' this, history1.' in'' your' cdliihiiis. But; SirJ let me add, ourghost, it is reported, 'is . protbcled by a patent. Fancy a', patent ghost J JVhnt nbxt P— Correspqiideni of t h e 1 'lines, £Th o "ghost" hai?, also been patented in Melbourne, and. is to make itS'sppcarance. there in a few days, > j , ; " ; 