POL i C E. "Tns Counsrt , OP THÜE LOVB NBVTÎB BID ira íiioora,"-Thu aphorism was beautifully illustrated at that bower of hymen (mid fore-men), tho C. P. O., on Monday morning last, whim an " inexpressive'' she named "Ellen Ennis," and nn " indescribable he" named Spring (of a gushing and elastic temperament), stood nt tho altar before the presiding priests of.lhe Temple, charged by a It/tw-eycd and bulk-eyed guardian of the night with at- tempting to givo a" "lovo'a entertainmentil^without licence of the statutp in such caso made..^^ßroyided. Tho talc is elior^jbjjk .moving, and create^ahprofouiid sensation among jj^g^jjicos and Juliets ths^alirung tho Magisterial AvçàJttïtâKi'aplios in George-street;' Il appears that 'iîejft^l'sipring" and his Ellen "loved not wisely, but too .tfêîF;'* but as "meeting by moonlight olone" in tho domain did not exactly gee with",theiri're«' pective " fore- apple carts," tjaev resolved' fo'-Halto- ,a "lunar" among tho classical .uifciues lof Lasset er's rising piles in Geerge-Btreot. Hoi^iwjth orte of I ho proprietors very softest stones for a. o^ohï$ne blue firmament for a oanopy, and tho "blonkpBr^^e^dark'' for a coverlet, like .luau and Haidee (in'tWvafjRf'.y' °f their young nflec tipps), they threw " sheepV'oyes" at each other, and ob- livious of tho world in all its ramifications remembered only that they could bo happy. At length locked in «sch other's arras, thcyyicldod to llicchusto (but oftener ehnted than found) influence of Kox and Somnut, for fietfid that they were still denizens of " terra." But " Terror," under tho less classical cognomen of " Bobby," soon dispelled their "lovo's young dream." True to tlinso principles which animato each metallic-buttoned breast, whether displayod in upsetting Mrs Brown's tea- poy «nd walking off wifh Gardener's buttered crumpets, °r in tho social amenities of life in Pitt- stroot after mid nigbt, he, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, "Appears before them, nnd with solemn march Goes slow and stately by them ; then ho walked ii tWir oppressed and fear-surprised eyos ? Within his trunohoon's lengtliÎ; while fhey, distilled .Almost to jelly by the not of fear, stand dumb 'And sneak not to' it." Then the " rudo disturber of their pence," ala Lagnrdere, exclaimed, " I nm hore !! What's up ¡" but finding that, "The maiden'looked shy, and the youth quito glum, he politely pressed tile loving pair to partake of tb» hos pitalities of Sig, Limbo's accommodation houso for the night, i Amaryui»"blu8lledl¡keav'rg^n,', butsaying "she would no'or, consent,'1 consented-whilo " MehbsatiB .wept'Uko a girl," and accompanied her. Haring seen .them comfortably "tucked .np" in their respective entíl- enla, and placing their boots outside their doors.to be blacked in tho. morning, he. gracefully: retired. .After rising late, and partaking of a sumptuous breakfast they wore ushered into the Grand Saloon, and seemed quito awed by tho magnificence that" surrounded* them. 'The worthy dispo'nscrs of tho law, who were very visibly alfoctcd, having benignantly regarded the youthful pair, addressed them in somo moral extracts' from. "The Whole Duty of Man," " Doddridge's Bise and Progress," " Roger's Pleasures of Memory,'! and the last paragraph of Mr A sher's " Advice to Persons about to Marry," and dismissed thom with a benediction, adding os a rider that should they scok, for gratuitous instruction under the New Educational Bill, they had botter learn to decline tho noun " Amor." Ench of th« "youthful loving pair" having been presented with a splendidly bound copy of " Perry's rudiments," retired deeply impressed with tho ceremonial. EXTRA O RDINA "RY rEltflOXJOPS.-The charge pre- ferred by Mr W. P. Moffat against Mr David Buchanan, fur perjury alleged to havo nriscn on tho trial of Moffat v. Buchanan, recently determined in the Supremo Court, and in which a verdict was-given for the defendant, the Judge distinctly intimating in his ohargo to the jury that perjury lay either on ono side or tho other, resulted on TliU'sday in the defendant being committed to tako his trial at tho Central . Criminal Court. Bail was allowed defendant in £80, with two sureties in JE40 each. Thc prosecution ywas conducted by Mr Boberts, and tho do fence) by. Mr Dalley. Previous to the presiding rnagùv trato, Mr Kowan Bonald, announcing his decision, Mi Dalley submitted his right to call witnesses, which wai objected to by Mr Roberts, who contended that tin loamed counsel on tho previous day had stated that lu tvnnlrl lenvn MIR ens» ni it then stand for bis Worship'; adjudication. Mr Roberta furtlier expressed a hope that j his Worship, ,wonld not allow tba caso to bo re-openod from the fact of ita affecting two such august parsonages ns Messrs JMofTaf oiul Buchanan, but-deal, with it-as though it weiro a matter bet ween ordinary persons, i Our friend'' Mr Stubbs, who, waa by courtesy permitted a seat rby our side, whispered ÜB ; that he thought Mr Roberts had mada a slight mistase, as, for his own part, ho could not discover any two »tore ordinary individuals within the precincts of,the Oourf-, than tho principals in the case. Mr Dalley subsequently waived tho privilege of calling evidence, relying upon' tho Attorney-General's fiat as to,whether or not, on,tho face of the depositions, ho would file a bill against his client. BiritN's JüsiiCB.-Ono of the daughters of Eve," rejoicing in tho appelation .of Martha Gt. Hanns,.nnd whoso scantily draped proportions,- wo imagine, would secure her a lucrative engagement from any large crino- line tailor, or retailer, as-.a ; walking advertisement in favour bf its adoption, " put in an appearance" to answer tho ehnrgo of threatening to bum down the house of attaching tho complimentary prefix, of murderer to tho name bf-and indulging in various other little eccentri- cities to the inconvenience of-Kine of the " lords of tho creation," whoso surnominal substantivo readied our ears as Budd (whether related to that known as "Den- mark's Boee," we can't pretend to say.) Having pro- ceeded to excite tho respect of all present by stating her close intimacy with Sir John Young (a .statement which cansed three or four sensitivo spectators, with large or- gans of veneration, to put their hats on reverentially; and instantaneously to get thom knocked ofT again offi- cially), sha repudiated everything, and so mentally hit out and pummelled the frontispiece of justice j knocked tho Majesty of tho Police Court into a cocked lint, nnd withered up tho "Bud" bofovo lia liad .the chunco of " blowing" at all, that tho" ignobilcfvnlgus" would have undoubtedly given her credit for a " men's (or rather a woman's) »ana ta corpore «ano," and nobody could tay no to it, though two doctors gave their testimony to. her menial unsoundness, until she "queered hor pitch'i'by assorting that she was quite as sensible at her judges. This admission of her mental weakness was fatal, and Budd came into full bloom again. His Worship, horror striukon, asked for a copy of Turn's justice, that , ho might read to lier a homily upon Arson,, but it having boon borrowed by a country J.P. as throwing light.trpor a case of poisoning by arsenic, he contented himself by mentally consigning lier to blazes, and physically to teer, tho peacp (of mind) for six months, or in default; topasi a fortnight nt "Koid's Folly"-Barlinghurst Hoights an alternativo which BIIO accepted, not being ablo- to gel any luna tic to do the needful. 