SALE (FliOM OUIi OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday Alav, 13'h. On, Friday evening la°t news arrived nt Sale of dire import to stockholders. Mr. Desailly came down and reported to his bro ther squatters that a disease which he sup posed to be pleuro-pneumonia had made its appearance 011 his run. The leading- mem bers of the squatting class soon assembled and I believe a practical person was sent up to Deighton to examine the diseased cattle, and lie, on his return, confidently expressed his opinion that they were affected by the Cum berland disease, which has at least this ad vantage ove>- pleuro- pneumonia, that it is not infectious. Mr. It. C. Lethbridge, of Snakes Kidge, started for Melbourne, lor the purpose of explaining the state of affairs at head quar ters so as to prevent the reversal of the pro clamation of this as a clean district, until it was undoubtedly ascertained that a conta geous disease existed within its precincts. A nneting- of stockowners was also held on Monday, when an address was prepared and signed for presentation to Captain Carey re questing- him to prevent any cattle from the supposed diseased runs from being brought down. With this requisition Captain C.irey complied to the extent of instructing the po lice to stay the progress of any cattle which were diseased or had been exposed to the danger of contagion. It appears that the Messrs. Smith of Lindenow had started with a mob of cattle, and they will, therefore, be intercepted. Of course, individual injury must be submitted to for the general weifaie but it seems rather hard on thi: owners of the cattle in question, whose character surely stands high enough to render them above the 'suspicion of selfishly endangering the pros perity of others. But supposing' th.'y rebel led against the veto placed upon their travel ling on a public road, I question very much whether the law has sufficient physical power to stop them. The Avon bridge they could not cross, because of the two enormous gulfs which exist in the planking, but they could still cross at the ford, and the few pulico who are there could not prevent their progress. At Nuntin, however, they would be arrested in their course, for there the bridge is utterly impassable, and the private paddocks on each side are closed up, those who have for a long while borne the injury and annoj' ance to their property and convenience caused by universal trr-.ffic through it, having now determined that they will-not run the risk of having their stock infected by the chance of diseased cattle passing ihrongh it. All bul lock-dray traffic is also stayed until a thorough examination has been made by an accredited commissioner, and it is to be hoped that lie will soon make his appearance, for incalculable injury is thus done to men of small moans who depend entirely on carting for their living. I have heard that a report has been propo gated to the effect that certain runs on t.iis side of the Avon are infected, and it is said that the rumor has been traced to the owner of the station where the disease was first dis covered, This is difficult to believe, and f put it altogether out of the question. But whoever was the author of it, is a wilful and deliberate vou know what. I have the authority of gentlemen whose word would be taken under any circumstances b}' any honor able men that not the smallest ghost Of a. symptom of anything of the kind ever existed in fiiiy of the places named, or, in fact, on V's sn e of the Avon at all. Since writing tli8 above _I have bad the opportunity of con versing with a gentleman from Maneroo wh " having Heard the symptoms presented by tl°' cattle supposed to lie diseased, utterly' rid'0 \ cules the idea of their being affected by pleuro" ^ pneumonia. He states that this disease ' easily recognized by those who have had tli'3 slightest experience of it, but that such a tliinj? as swelled legs never accompanies it. Ami 1 swelled legs is the most prominent sv'mnw presented by Mr. Desailly's cattle as I am informed. Again, another Matferoo I gentleman who weiut on Sunday ]ast for the' purpose, saw the cattle i„ question, and lie pronounces them to be no sessed by the " lung disease," which, he [elk me, has been known in the Australian colo nies for years. But one of our inost experi". enced stockmen, who is acknowledged to be on" of the best hands with cattle in Gipps Lan/ and who lias a'so seen the deseased beads' affirms positively that their ailmenfis piano' pneumonia, and asserts further that it came from Maneroo. From all these statements j some of them conflicting, your renders cffii make their own opinions. For my pm,f' j have none, nor can I have any, jignorant as I am of " the nature of the beast" under 'dis cussion. But I am quite sure that certain ' parties have done much damage iu not keep ing their knowledge to themselves. " The | disease is not at present known to be pleuro pneumonia, and if it is not, the publicity which has been given to the sus|»icionjwill'tenj materially to the damage of Gipps iland | It seeins to me useless to suppress, it in the local journals, as with the amou rit of publicity which it has already received in conversation, and the known fact that notice of it has been sent officially to Melbourne, besides the jour ney of Mr. Letbbridge.in the matter, it must necessarily creep into the Melbourne papers, ond then damage will be done; not only to the commerce of the district with other col onies, hut also to its reputation for commercial morality, and to ours as honest journalists. And I may say ibis, and J say it with con siderable satisfaction as proving the purity of a class which I have always held in the greatest rcspect, that often as I have been asked to witbohi any mention Of this matter no such request has been addrfssed to me by a single squatter. There are many wlm, fancying they might suffer from such a calamity, would endeavor to cloak its existence but I can conscientiously sti}' to the Lonoi ol the squ.itters, that so fa) lis I am concerned ro effort of the kind has been made by them. It appears that I made a slight error re specting one of the interpleader cases ln*t week, and though it noway affected the issue, yet. as the case will come before anotl'er conrt n is only fair to set the matter rij>bt. I said that some of the horses claimed by Mr. McDonald's son were given him by his father .12 year's ago. It seems that one wits given him by Mr. Ewen at that time, and another by his uncle Alexander about a year alto. Since that time his uncle Angus gave him two mares, and the progeny of these have br I bartered awav for otbms, and in some'cases the gifts themsehes. IS "no were gifts from his lather. I told you last week that the Municipal petition was in a fairjwny | to succeed ;gan opinion which T had a perfect right to hold inasmuch as it. possessed 113 signatures a week before. Now, however J am[sorry toVa-y tiiat some laxity seems to be apparent in the business, for during the past fortnight oi:'y ten names have been nttaehed.to it. When the last effort was made, the naraesjVere ob tained with very little difficulties; and at an expense of four shillings, the petition was sent duly signed to Melbourne It is n mystery to me why the [required number cani ut now be got as then there was opposition^iu^-onie quarters, which now there is none so far as can be seen. The extraordinary decisions respecting the reward fund for finding tracks to.the Joidan are the subject, of much remark here. McEvoy, whose track is the only one really used turns out not to be the the McEvoy who gets the enormous sum of £40 for this service. Our McEvoy gets nothing ; but we are going in for him to an extent which will surprise both the Government and its favorites, and I am informed that your member, Mr. Johnson, '. has, with characteristic kindness aridjuiblic spirit, promised to piesent our petition when ready. The select committee appointed to enquire into the claims of National School teachers, from whose salaries five per cent had been deducted by the Board, have brought up a progress report recommending the Govern ment to authorise the Board of Education to pay the amounts that had been deducted. Mr. J. Bennetto has resigned his seat in the Legislative Council, and in an address to the electors of the South Province urges the necessity of more devoted attention to his profession as the moving cause of his resigna tion. A very fine piccolo piano, made of|'colonial blackwood, has just been completed by Mr. W. Blazey, of Bridge road Richmond, near Melbourne. Scab has been discovered in some flocks of sheep in the south-eastern district of South Australia, and is believed to have come theio from Victoria. It is said that Mr Orkney felt so keenly the insult upon his honor and veracity which lie belijved had been inflicted by Mr. Wood in reference to his action in the case of Mr. Leonard Mason, that du.iDg Friday he sent in his resignation to the'Speaker, and it was with great difficulty that at a late hour he could be induced to withdraw it. Mr. Pritchnrd, book keeper to the firm of Messrs. Towns and Co., of Melbourne), is reported to have decamped after having " l'-t in" several parties to the tune of from £(!00C" J to £8000, while jngagod in privn'o sjieciiln tions in the name of " Price & Co." Monday, the 25th and Tuesday the 20th May im-taut have been proclaimed public holidays, tbo former being Whit Monday, nnd the latter being in honor ot Her Majesty's birth day, the anniversary of which will this year fall on the preceding Sunday. We notice tint Dr. Evans postponed for ft week the introduction of his postal bill, and the reason assigned ir, that ho is waiting to ascertain whether the condition of tbo revenue will warrant him in proposing a uniform post age vote of two pence, which it is estimated, would occasion a loss of £35,000^ per an num. A writ has been issued for the election of member of Council for the South Prc viace. 