POLICE COURTS. CITY COURT. Monday, 17th August. (Bofore tho Mayor and Messrs Sturt and Hsokett.) Assault. — John M'Farlane was chargod with insulting Mr Alfred W. Howitt, and assaulting him.. Tho prosecutor stated that on tho previous afternoon, whilst returning from Flcmington, in a street car, tho prisoner made use of some vory offensive remarks, aid, on being remonstrated with, ho struck him on tho head. Tho Bench inflicted a fino of 20s. A Wretched Hour. — Alicia Green was charged, on warrant, as an habitual drunkard. Her husband stotod that hiB wife was in the . habit of getting drunk, and neglecting her children, several witnessce wcro cauoa to . prove that Greon had neglected his wifo and . family. The house in whioli they resided was a most wretched abode ; that there was no furniture in the place, and that tho only beds . they had to lio on consisted of a bundle of shavings. Tbe husband earned three guineas a wook. A witness etatcd that ho did not provide them with Bufllciont food, but ho him- Bolf would Bmoko cigars on Sunday, end allow his wifo and family to live ou tho Bmoko. The children were kept in tho moat filthy condi tion. Tho Bonch romarkod on the oonduct of tho husband, in leaving his wife and family iu such a state, and, as no ovidenco ' had boon produced against tbo prisoner, she wub discharged. Stbalivo teom a Dwelling. — William Lane and John M'Honald were brought ' np on remand, charged with stealiog > from the dwelling of Dr Ford, in 'M'Kerzio street. Tho proscoutor .stated ; thBt on the 4th instant '' ins house was " cntorod and a gold watch and ohain, two breast pins, and a watch koy were stolen from ' his bod-room and dressing-room. Tho front | door had been left ajar, and about a quarter of ' an hoar afterwards tho door was slammed tc, hut no notice was taken of it at tho time. Deteotive Williams deposed that, in company with two othor offiosrs, ho went to tho houso cf tho prisoner Lsno. The two piua pro- ucad aud identified by Hr Ford were found in his bedroom. He said tl ut ho had bougiit | them, but was unable to tell from whom. M'Honald was arrested hy Detective Eason, but no properly was found upon him. Ho was discharged. Emily Dollimoro stated that bIio was managing tho Frince Patrick Hotel. On Friday week last tho prisoner Lano was there, and he asked hor to lend him Ll, which sho gavo to him, and Ha paid hor back again. Sho saw no jewellory purohosed. Sho never purchosod a gold watch and chain from tho prisoner at any time, and ho ncvor Bhowed hor ono. Honry Sharp doposod that on the day in .question he saw Lano borrow Ll from tho last witness, and ho purchr,sed two pius from a man in tho bar. Tbo pine wore offorod to him, but lie decliucd to purchase. Tho witness said that ho did not keep company with tho prisoner, but hod met him in tho public houso bar. Ho Had been arrested for robbery, and acquitted. Tho Bench committed the prisoner for trial. Stbalino a Cheque. — Joseph Williams was charged with steeling a cheque for L134 2s 9J, belonging to n Mr Rynn of Tower Hill, Bolfast district. Tho prisoner appeared to havo obtained possession of tho chcquo, which was lost in June last, and instead of prcsonting it at .tho bank hq took it to Messrs Hegrnvcs and.. Co., oh whom it was drown. As there was no evidence aguiust the prisoner ho was discharged. .Stealing prom . a Dwbllino.— Jnmes M'Dor\ald was brought up on a chargo of this nature. : Fllon 1'aynp, a married woman, stated that at tho latter end of July last sho left her houso nt Prahran, having previously fastened the doors! On her return bIio found that tho back door had been 'broken open, and also tlio bedroom window. Hor b axes hnd been ran sacked and tho furniture in tho room strewed about. She missod somo articles of jowcllcry ood somo wearing nppnrel. Tho property produced sho identified as belonging to her. Mary Ann Sutherland seated that about threo woeks ago tlio. prisoner gavo Her a pair of oar- rings to pawn. She gavo him the tnsnoy and tho ticket. The prisoner wos committed for trial,— Judith Flanigan, clinrged with stealing from a dwelling, was remauded until Wed- ncsdoy. ' Stealino 'Leather. — Robert Grimes, and Georgo Craig, alios Jackson, were brought up on rcmuud, charged witli stealing a quantity of lcatbor. Solomon Pcurdon, a tanner at Flemington Bank, stated that his factory was entored on Monday morning lost, and o quan tity of leather in an unfinished state stolen. Ho subsequently identified nineteen si ' rs of leather as his property. Constable M'Brccn A 101, doposcd.to seeing three men pass him in Little Lonsdalo street, last Sunday night. They woro carrying swags, apparently wrappod iii bluo blankets. ETo called to them to stop, and o'xominod their bundles. Two of tho men wulkod on in front and tried to get away, and Grimes threw down his swog and made off. John Sheridan, a waiter, corroborated the evidence of the constable. Detective Main- waring know both prisonors, they resided in tho same houso for four or fivo months. He arrestod Craig from information of his des cription received from the lost witness. The prisoners wcro both oommittod for trial. Remand. — Catherine Hays, chargod with robbery from a dwelling, was romandod until Tuesday. Effects of the Gh03t. — Willm. Hodges, was charged with stealing a vest. Tho pro secutor, who had no doubt beon to seo the Ghost, became rather elevated and took off his wnistcoat nt tlio Post Office, in order to fight his own shadow. Whilst engaged in tliia amusing but somewhat unsatisfactory sort of amusement, tho prisoner walked off with hie waistooat. Ho was sentenced to two months' hard labor. SUBURBAN COURTS. Prahran. — At this Court, yostorday, James Porham, oharged with drunkenness and furious driving, was fined, for tho first offence 5s, and for tho second 20s. — Tho remaining cases were for tho recovery of small debts. Tho presi ding magistrates wore Messrs Templeton, Mtson and Crews. Sandridqe. — At this Court, yesterday, tho only caaos heard woro for tho recovery of small debts. Messrs Call and Swallow wore tho presiding magistrates. Wilmambtown. — Lewis Dunbar, n boy about fourteen years of age, was brought up before Mr Call, yesterday, oharged with being drunk on the previous afternoon. This pro mising youth, who is a sailor on board tho Bhip Ceres now lying at tlio WilliamBtown Railway Wharf, was suitably admonished and ordered to return to his vessel. — A poor widow, named Margaret Gheogsn, charged, on warrant, with boing of unsound mind and unfit to be at largo, was romandod to Molbourne gaol for medical treatment. — Mary Soulley, a servant girl, was charged with stealing a piece of oheck winsoy, valuo 26s, the property of Mr Georgo Hall, linendrapor, of this town, on Saturday night last, about seven o'clock. According to the prosecutor's statement, pri soner cams to his shop and having purchased a trifling article, sho stole tlio piece of stuff from a pilo of goods that was lying at the door as bIio waB going out. ' Tho robbery was immediately discovered, and before she had proooedod many yardB she was overtaken, and tho goods found upon hor person. At tho requoab of her eolioitor, tho esse was romandod till tho following day, to givo tho prisoner an opportunity of producing testimonials as to hor previous character. Fitzbot. — Tho coses heard yesterday at this Court woro chiefly of minor importance. John Hanley was charged with using abusivo iangusgo to Polico- sergoant Hudgell on Friday afternoon. It appeared that tho defendant iiad boon boating tho woman with whom Ho cohabited, and whom tho sorgeunt found lying outsido his own door, in Oambridgo street, much hurt. He intorfered, and tho defendant followed him somo 20 yards, using the abusivo language complainod of. Fined 20s, or Boven d»ys' imprisonment witli hard labour. —John Kean, a dissipated-looking middlo-agod man, who appeared in Court with a black eye, was chargod witli being illegally on tho premises of Mr Rogers, furnituro broker, Smith street. Tho complainant stated that, hearing his dog bark about one o'clock on Sunday morning, ho looked out of the window opening upon his yard, and heard tlio bolt of tho gate, which was four foot High, Bhot back. Ho Callod out, but there was no answer, and ho saw somo dark object at the gate, and afterwards crouch ing down in tho verandah. Tho prisoner, who pretonded to be drunk, was found ensconced behind tlio waterbut, and complainant and a neighbour took him off to tho lock-up. Tho prisoner told tho Bench that Ho was quite oblivious of all that had taken place. Ho was a carpontor, and lived at No. 11 Spencor atrect, and on Saturday Ho lied been drinking, i The Bench discharged him with a caution. — Charles Swift was fined 20s, and 5s c-sts, for leaving his horse without control. De fendant got out of his cart at Mr Naylor's, auctioncor/irad thfi horse, becoming frightened by tho noieo mado in moving some iron bed steads, boltod. Ho, defendant, had never thought tlio horso Had a bolt in him. 