LOCAL l-YrELIililtt Our columns, this morning, disclose a strange ghost story of shipwreck, destitution, and death ; but one more strange and Khirtliti;*'is that of the preservation from the perils of the: sea and the! wilderness of Talks Morgan.], or Monarch, an Englishman born and bred, who has just returned to civilised life after-life iiiviiluiitary exile of seventeen years Nalangil the aboriginal of the North! He is the solo stringer of' the ill-fated barque Peruvian, which was lost in IU it'., while on her voyage from Sydney to China. A convicts and ciruniiistniitinl account of Afiiniui.i.'s eventful cm -cur since that time is supplied, in his all-in words, by " our special correspondent" at Port Denison; and it is also referred to by our Kennedy and flock li'ittiptmi carries incidents. There is a moving pathos in his simple narrative that will fill many it breast with animation.- Doubtless there are those still it via j; whose clues to his deceased companions have bijou poorly paid with turns: mill though these may lbw nlVcsh and abundantly at this iiiu- xn'-ctud revival of the mother of the gland, it is some consolation to know, for certain, the late of the lung Inst ones. That .Moilltli.i. alone should be spared, is not so much a cause of surprise to us us that he should have survived in all the distress to which he has heard iiiiuvoidn'iily subjected. Most hard to beat until have' linen Unit hope deferred*?timi hoping n-,'iiinst hope which sickens the heart and wines the mind more' than any pli,*'-i.'..il sufferings. And of their, loss. In satin- silver cup and lunch. Again, i*iri_ji»>i "lies.', his feu'.iii**;-* army have realized any rate, for a time? while in daily intercourse with a people why are unmitigated cannibals?" parents eat their own children, and generally they eat the bodies of their enemies killed in fight!" - Yet we must be mindful not to speak too harshly of those poor benighted savages, for our countryman and fellow- Christians has always been treated with the greatest kindness by them; and so, also, while they lived, were the remnant of the crew and passengers office ship that reached the land with him after the wreck. But it is not our purpose here to pursue the subject at greater length. Motion.!, may- be expected shortly to arrive in Brisbane! and we think it would be well for the government and His pttbitCto consider whether some suitable provision might not be made for his comfort in the future, as some compensation for what he has undergone in the past. We may presume that he will be able to afford valuable information of the nature and character of the emin try in which he has so long sojourners, and of its inhabitants; for it does not appear that his intelligence has been much dulled by his long separation from civilized man. There is a hint given that he may be able to help us to the discovery of a gold-field in Queensland St. Patrick's Day At a meeting held last evening at the Queensland Hotel, it was resolved to celebrate St. Patrick's Day by a public dinner, and a committee was appointed to carry out the arrangements. Mr. E. W. Logan occupied the chair. The Maryborough Assizes Mr. J. Gore Jones, M.G.A., and Mr. C. Lilley, M.L.A., returned from Maryborough by the Clarence after their forensic labors at the Maryborough assizes. Amongst the passengers, also, wore the convicts John McGuinness and Mrs. Winch, the latter under sentence of two years' imprisonment for the matislip'^;''^-"**, of her husband, and the former under sentence of death for wilful murder. Tub duresse Sheep At a recent meeting of the Acclimatization Society the fecundity of these animals was doubted and the utility of their introduction questioned. It was then stated that none of the ewes in the possession of the Society appeared to be in lamb, but that one of the ewes purchased by Mr. A. J. [Hockings was thought to be so. Mr. stockings who has taken great interest in the introduction of the Chinese sheep in the belief that they will form a useful addition to the stock of the small farmer, has hitherto had no reason to doubt either their fruitfulness or future usefulness. Yesterday, one of the two ewes which he purchased dropped three healthy ewe lambs, so that he now has the nucleus of a small (lock, comprising five ewes and ii ram lamb of some months old. Vfu think it premature to disparage this first von ture at acclimatization, for if the sheep fulfil the representations made of them, they will be very useful to the small settler; and Mr. stockings will deserve praise for his spirit and perseverance. Govrrsjikst Land Sam*;?An auction sale of government land, situate near the German Station, will be held at the central police court this day, at eleven o'clock. Fourteen country lots are advertised, ranging from twenty-four to fifty-three acres each, at the upset price of £1 per acre. A Narrow Escape. At a late home yester- day afternoon two men were observed struggling together in the reservoir at the bottom of Albert-street, and but for the timely interference of some well-disposed citizens, death must have been the result. We have two versions of the occurrence. One is that the two men (who are both stallion belonging to the Wanata), were anxious to put an end to their own existence; and the other story is, that one sought to take the life of the "other. Of course they were drunk at the time. As they are in the lock-up, we may expectant elucidation of the mystery before the bench of magistrates this morning. Mr. Knowles at tub School on Arts By dint of advertising and a liberal distribution of' posters and handbills, an audience of about two hundred was assembled at the School of Arts last evening to witness the performance of Mr. W. T. Knowles, whose talents in delineating life and character, comic singing, etc., has gained for him, according to his own statement? a Tendon notoriety but he forgot to mention the description of notoriety attained by him in the modern Babylon. The entertainment was of a mixed character, commencing with a melancholy recitative by some despairing orphan, and then by an easy and very natural process gliding into a delinea- tion of a Yorkshire man. " Young Lochinvar" then showed up in a black frock coat with a red plaid over his shoulders (the plaid, by the bye, subsequently did duty as an officer's sash); while a pair of thread gloves completed the costume of the fascinating sore as if truthfully as ever did Lady Heron when she succeeded in enthralling the heart of her royal admirer. Next came a brigand then a military officer's Yorkshireman again? an Irishman's " private gentleman " in while thread gloves and black coats Turk or Circassian I'ongaleo (!)? t and, finally, the performer as himself;? in fact, Richard was himself again. Of course there was music ? the advertisement promised music and Mr. Knowles favored the audience with some pieces appropriate to the characters represented. It would occupy too much space if we entered into a minute criticism of Mr. Knowles' musical talents. We must, however, compliment him on the facility with which be changed the key the gift is especially his own, and his voice is of a compass indescribable. Never shall we forget one bountiful morceaux, with a vigorous chorus of " too-rnl- Ioo-ral" at the end of each verse. The audience entered with the spirit of the thing con amore, and long after the sung was finished, some enthusiastic musician would break out with the " too-ral-loo-riil," to the utter destruction of all harmony. The address, written by a lady of Brisbane, was not delivered. We may state that, shortly after the commencement of the entertainment, some of the most respectable of the audience quitted the hall; people there were so wanting in taste as to hint that the whole thing was a swindle." but this was contradicted by others, liberal persons, who (lung coppers on to the platform. Sorry are we to mention that the hall of the School of Arts was converted into a smoking saloon all through the evening; and that the little blue screen before the door was torn down by a few disorderly characters. We are afraid that, under these circumstances, the committee of the School of Arts will not let the building to Mr. Knowles again; but, luckily, that gentleman has only advertised one performance. Tin: It'itDim Duns.?Inthii-coi.onial Ne rol-iatiox.?lt will have been borne in mind that the chief object of the visit to Queensland of the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales is the settlement of the pending negociations touching the levy and collection of duties on guilds crossing the border from New South Wales into this colony, Since the arrival of the Hon. Charles Cowper several conferences with our government have been held on the subject; and we understand that the final conference will take place to-day, when a result will be arrived, at mutually satisfactory, it is believed, to be two colonies. In alluding to this matter we may add that hisKxcelloncy the Governor gave a brilliant entertainment to Mr. Cuwp.jv on Friday last, at which a very large proportion of the elite of the city attended by invitation. Bank at Port IJkxison.?A branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank was opened at Bowen. Port Denison, on the 20th February last, The inuiiugi-inunt is in the hands of Mr. John Wiseman Dargin, late of the Rock- hampton branch. We doubt not the new "institution" will be a great convenience to the denizens of the Kennedy District. Steam Cultivation. We are informed that Mr. Kirby's Cultivator has effectually smashed up about a hundred acres upon his son's farm on the Saltwater River since harvest. The apparatus is now in bore arrived in the; iiuiglibni-hood of Sunbury, n hard it is to be employed in tearing up I lie Hill to the depth of twenty inches, preparatory to the planting of an extensive vineyard, if such a depth can be worked at one operation, Smith's Cultivator will render the use of spade trenching, which is a very expensive Operation, entirely unnecessary,?Melbourne Economist. 