PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. A NICE STATE OF THINGS. OB THE STREETS IN 18(ii Oil. I m En Anti-Garolter so bold. If I shiver and shake, 'tis but with cold, 1 don't know such a feeling as fear, Sat I warn Garotters not to come near! I carry sword-blades in all my sticks; I wear round my neck a steel collar witli pricks: Revolvers in both coat- pockets I bear. And a bowie-lraife that wjil split a hair. I won't trust to laws or police, not I, r or their protection is all my eye; In my own hands I take the law, And use my own fists to guard my jaw. Is that a footstep behind my back? It must be one of the strangling pack: Is that a lurking villain I.view, Crouched in the doorway of number two? JIcrc_s somebody coming! Uekl best beware, •■""-r-y »y.uuci; mwu yiuuuua; ISCC He s bringing his pistol to bear on me f Hold hard, put up your weapon, Sir, do— 1 am an Anti-Garotter too! We carry both sword-sticks and bowie-lcnires. And wc both of us go in fear of our Jives! A nice state of things. Sir, this I call' Turning out like a walking arsenal, W ifcli pistol and dagger and collar of steel— It has a most un-English feel 1 To Sir Joshua Jebb I wish no wrong, Rut I must say lie comes it rather strong, W hen hemes to prove that the rogues and thieves, Am £ a bit the worse for their ticket-of-Ieavcs. He may talk until he's black in the face, ^ro^tcrs sire there to upset ins case, And British householders forced to go Armed, like Hamlet's ghost, from top to toe! While such is the state of the British law Let the British Lion hold his jaw, On the safety to property life and limb Enjoyed by those who live under him! Here's Paterfamilias, poor old hoy. In self-defence must weapons employ, More like, by the way in which he potters, To damage liimseif than the Garotters. An Englishman's house used liis castle to he; JS-ow that castle ia state of siege we see. There are burglars in the back-yard at work, And on the front-door step Garotters lurk. And. Paterfamilias walks the streets In dread of every soul that he meets; In dread of each foot-fall he may hear, Lest it herald a rush in on his rear— A pair of hands flung round his throat, A dig in- bis wind and a tug at his coat, With, tea to one, a fractured jaw From a lanickle-auster or Indian daw. We're highly civilized people I know, And the nineteenth century's trumpet we blow; But while tlie Garotter performs liis feats, Let us silence our brag till we've purged our streets. DALLATy OF KING ALFRED AND TILE GKECrAN CAKES. Heaven prosper our right noble Queen, Her sons and daughters ail: A fairer household never irsct In Windsor'a ancieut Hall. Hie Grecians of-tlie modern type Hid kick King Otho out, Because they saw the time was ripe For making of a rout. To Queen Victoria then they came— " Q Queen of much Tenown, We hope yon wiil not tliink it shame Your son should wear our crown.'" "I do not think it shame," quoth she,. " But for he lacks not pelf Kor name nor place of high degree. You'd better ask himself." The sailor-prince they did invite To take the tempting prize; He did not bitch his trousers white, .Nor bless liis princely eyes. 3?or of lee scuppers aught he said, Like air. T. P. Cooke, But bending courteously his head, Keplied like auy book " I thank you for your proffered wage, And for your words polite, . But I have lately read a page By my good friend Charles Knight. "There was an English Alfred once Who seldom made mistakes, Yet got the character of dunce For spoiling-certain cakes. " I know not if the tale be true, ■ But it is seen in print: And Alfred who addresses you Intends to take the hint. " Some cakes are made of Turkish flour. With currants from the Isles; To cook such tilings exceeds my power. My Hellenistic files." He smiled upon the crafty Greeks, Who left, remarking free, Though there's scant down upon his cheeks, \- A downy Prince is he." Heaven prosper our right noble Queen, Her sons and.daughters all.. The chance of selling them, I ween, Is most uncommon small. T, >rGA??TTI?rG,-AJrD THE GALLOWS-CURE. rMEZj.1*22* .Approves of the gallows,, it. is nIi? . , uy'!uu 21 lu,ac oiatngnsninstitution. Lhe strongesrof these is the manifest truth that the cheapest tliing-you can do with a worthless rascal is-to hang lum. By hanging him you rid society of a nuisance-altogether. Hot only wiil he never commit anotner crime, hut he wiil never cost .another sixpence. Then there is no doubt that capital punishment wu suppress_crime, as persecution will put down Aeresy, on the same terms. You must hang as you would l-ura it you were a Spanish Inquisitor. i>-ais naltller enough to roast a Latimer and a ludley or so alive, nor to hang two or three Greeuacres, Bushes, or Palmers. Week after week, j ear a her year, reign after reign, vou must go on consigmag every heretic to the stake, and hkeivise persevere m sending every criminal to the "A littleseragging is a useless thing: Jiang oft, or use not the cannabiau.string i Dk J5?"0"1 mercy, hang like fun, and you will n'? as effectually as Sepoys. i.JL pract-ice of hanging as at present pursued betrays grievous contempt of logical dependence. You hang a ruffian for a murderous assault not unless it happens to cause death; and then vou Jiang inmjMt for a crime, hut an accident • What is the justice that hangs ou such a principle as this, much more discerning than the justice of nnp'rTfffl^n fr^ ires ?i • ^hP052 can prevent one ruffian from knocking my teeth out by hanging auotaer who has broken the jaw of samebodv else, ought, you not to haug that ruffian'. Certainly you oo.Sht' unless you can as effectually preserve my grinders and incisors by some other means Are there any other? That is just the question oa which the necessity or needlcssness of hanging depends. Doubtless there .are other means more terrible than hanging. \ou might break Garotters on the wheel. I on may, without killing them, punish them more severely than you could by htinging them. Truly penal servitude would be a punishment worse than death. Where is the murderer who was. hanged the other day' Bo where, thinks the unbelieving tieket-of-leavc man. The religions malefactor thinks that perhaps he may be m Heaven. They both know that a pri soner hi p£iiail servitude is sot in a veiT liannv state, however. Only to be thoroughly effectual, penal servitude must lie exemplary. The hard ships inflicted on the convict should be very great, and his existence ought to he made extremely imserable ; moreover, his misery should he noto rious. This latter object might he effected by means of smtanle lectures illustrated by dissolrai" news of scenes of prison-life rendered as unplem sant as need he, and prison discipline sufficiently stern. Many philanthropists,. "friends of the morally lower orders, would no doubt take a benevolent pleasure iu delivering courses of such lectures in the slams. At auy rate, for the prevention of garotte robberies and all other crimes, one step might he taken somewhat analogous to the treatment proverbially recommended for that other com plaint, the influenza, which is just now likewise so prevalent. Stuff a cold," says the popular adage and starve a cough." - At present the moral reverse of this rule is observed in penal economy. Ion stuff' a convict and starve a pauper. Wouldn't if probably answer better to allow paupers sufficient food and put criminals on whhot'Wfer mar enablcd to set °n THE LIQUIDATION THAT IS WANTED. Alons. de Lesseps is said to have expressed his great delight at seeing the waters of the Mediter ranean flow mto one of the tributary canals that ate to cut throuon the Isthmus of Suez. We have no doubt that the great engineer overflowed with joy on the happy occasion, but we fancy what would - give him greater pleasure than anythin" else would he to see the subscriptions flow m. But the question is, where is the hank that they are to come from! INFALLIBILITY OF THE FE5LALE SEX. The ladies have a belief that Parisian corsets wear much longer tlian any other ones; and the dear creatures are right, as they always are, for we ■beg leave to point to the occupation of Borne by Ja>u:s JSapoIeou sarmyas an incontestable proof of now exceedingly lasting French stays are. garottes hunters wanted. (A confidential letter to Frank Fallowfield, Esq of Cyder Court, Devonshire.! ' I3?,. ranfVr.Yo,u recollect what fun we had with old squire Dingle's otter hounds that dav by Brawicy Bottom, and how, vou blackguard 'you kept chuffing nic about my cockney way of iiVnw and wondered how a fellow ever could be fool enough to waste his life in London, where there was no chance of his enjoying any sport. Well now, ii you'll just come and spend a week with nic this Christinas, I think I can convince you to the contrary of that. I can't give yon any otter hunting; but if you want a new sensation what V-tosay, my boy. to a night's garotter huulin"' " 2 ''ave got together a splendid pack this season, and the game is still so plentiful that I'll bet we'll show you some really first-rate sport. "To tempt you up, old chap, I'll just dcscrilie the way m which wc go to work. The meet takes place at some man's rooms at 8 o'clock p.m. {on foggy evenings genera iiy we meet at G o'clock), and wnen we've got our pad; together, we throw off in the direction where we think it likeliest that wc Miall see some sport. Tostartthegamc, one of the hunters, who is armed with a spiked collar, and ha-- a spine of little daggers bristling down his 11 slow pace along some quiet \- ;iuare or strec,. assuming as he .loes so a rather iiiHv gait, bis c'lP'K.-iTorry gyrations arc sure to stait the garotter if there be one in sight and wnen tne vermin has once broken ground and lysteoe.i oil hi. prey. the pack, wlio are provided fhih- miiiiuiii whips and cudgels, msb in and give the orate n thundering good thi-nshinT and toon pass mm over to the hands of the police* ' If gimittcr-hunting clubs were establish.--,! a.iout lo.vn, ) litink they would soon exterminate ■, ,V',nV:d1:,by the way 'nc shrieks • •] » t.uitc ;s nutlnn? he hares more than s'oqndly • hra*he.I. ilns you know he never ,ri r ,ri;-<te ,lovvn hy t,ie polios-, who have ^ ■ W !LlV0"ti; aH tenderness, ■ j{i"t A4? a huirnf the picoiuus orcnture's in gaol, he is well fed • JiraMio-J, susj of course the hreed is oili tii.. -ticreay^ and hi ere little fcarat !{'>c!»tor tiien.' ttciniriio rru-oUci-s found to hunt, 'i \V" ' c,'':lr "^rstreeis uf t-hc vermin that j'i". ihom, w.» uyist ^et jrnod b-alers and set • 'cm u e,. U> \v.>,-k. So. as vo:i have a ^rood hicep.s, no;Ki you it no and have a jollv run with « .ir j-irottcrdsunim.; pack; audmeanwhile, believe "»e, my dear hov, " l'w.rs i:i all sincerity, •' Kpaminondas Jones. "BUidgcon-lmjWings, Tuesday.'' 