Efy .ýoutfl iinurfte. .tattbarb. -FRIDAY, MAY 8TH, 1803. VrcrToRIs's LYCURGU? , whose "mission" it is to bring us benighted colonists under the humanising influence of benign laws, has added another leafto his laurel crown of fame. Already his. revered head bears honours enough to make a-cone such as schoolboys fin'disgrace were 'wont to 'wear-it only re mained for the- "Newspaper Bill".to add the pendent bell. Our Attoriey-General, (alas! that we bare no more classic name •for-so. resplendent a' luminary), taking his stand on the Eastern Hill, propounds the grand and noble doctrine that the unfettered press is injurious to the interests of osur community, being the prolific cause of ill fueling. and strife, and licentiousness. Him self the pattern of all that is good, and moral, and chaste, he would hare vs all follow so notable an example; and as a means to 'that i end, he would purge out fromnt the newspaper I olumus the right of free discussion and free inquiry into the character and acts of our public men; as being the?prime cause of all our sin and misery. IG is true that three fourths of our offending and impecitent peri olicales will be delivered over to death, but is individual interest to stand in the way of the moral reftrmatioa of the whole cotm muniity? YNo; perish journalisn and all its train, begouten, of evil and spite agin.:t the Attornev-General, rsher than eedanger in the slightest degree the tone of public morals. Let the libelling and scurrilous writers of the present day hide themselves in holes and corners, or take privileged sanctuary within our halls of-legislature, that the people may 'worship at' the shrine of "Rloounu' DavLEs bIus.aA?'?, uad. folloi~ 'his noble example of t'untll and morality.. But let not Mr. IRnELsn stop in his crutsado'against- licentious'ness when he has succeecded in the reformation of newspapers. Public morality will be a great thing gained, but without individual virtue it is nothing but a whitened sepulchre, full of abomi nations and all manner of uncleanness. lHe proposes to take a band of newspaper pro prietors, editors, and publishers, as a guaran tee of substantial damages in cases of libel; let him adopt the same principle with our benighted citizens, and take a bond from them as a guarantee that for every breach of the Decalogue the offender shall be amerced in its full penalty. Let there be no exemp . tion from this law; include cabinet ministers -as well as the poorest of our labouring popu lation; and (of course, only as an example) let Mr. IREL.YD be the first to name his sureties. Sweeping reforms are not desirable in any community; ;but Mr. InELSD, in the large :e54 of..hi?' philanthropic heart, forgot this for a time, and' only remembered it when what someo contumacious journalists have called the "Newspaper Gagging Bill" came on for its second reading. Then, finding the lesson was too hard for our weak intel lects, and that we were unwilling to give up at once what we have hitherto in our ignor anco believed 'to be the main pillar of our liberties,. he kindly withdrew certain por tions of the measure, no doubt waiting a more convenient season for their restoration. In our unregenerate hearts we believed the restrictions laid upon the press in the time of the Gzoaors were a national disgrace. It was our opinion that the mission of the journalist was to elevate and enlighten our fellow.men; to expose and condemn abuses in high places; to build up and guard the liberties of the people; and we were strengthened in this opinion by studying the history of those times when the press was gagged, or only allowed to speak at the dictation of the Government of that day. We found that during this period the most flagrant abuses were rife, bribery and corruption were carried on to a frightful extent, the most glaring acts of peculation were perpetrated with impunity, and innocent men were frequently subjeoted to fine, and imprisonment. It remained for the Attorneyr-General of Victoria to make the grand discovery that a free press was worse than the abuses it exposed and largely assisted to orush; and our first impression, on reading the proposed Bill, was that the ghost of the execrated Cssrtar.a- on had taken up Mr. IrELA-n's pen and forged the precious docu ment. Ocourse, as the Attorney- General claims the paternity of the measure, we bow with due submission; but we cannot resign our judgment even to Mr. IRELAND on this matter; and so long as we hold the position of journalists we shall consider publie men as public property, and freely criticise their acts and political character without fear or favour. We owe it to the public to protect them from any attempt at aggression upon popular rights, and we shall do our duty to the best of our ability, notwithstanding any mummy legislation Mr. IRELAND may be pleased to resuscitate. 