AN AMATE0B SPr. A troop of dragoons bal inlercepted him and carried him off; and the commanding officer desired lira soldier! to keep watch over him and carry: him to tead^qbarters. He was of conne disarmed, and, being placed .on a horse; was, after a short lime, galloped off by h-s goards. He. slept one night under durance vile at a email inn, where he was allowed to remain' in * the kitchen : con versation flowed on' very glibly, and, as he appeared a stupid Englishman, 'who could not understand a word of French or Spauish, he was allowed to listen, and thus obtained pre cisely the intelligence -that he was ia aearch, of. The following morning, being again mounted, he overheard a conversation between his. guards, who deliberately agreed tp rob him, and to (boot hjnv at,« mill where they were to atop, and to. report tp /the ir, p^cerihat they, had .betn compelled to fire at him in Sl»r»Iy4»for« tbfjr^rrived #t iho inill.for fear tVty mUib,tim««Lfah;«ome one who wonjd insist ^b bjvlog^pprtiori rf $%0gM, tka^raBOons Jtnok ' *fe«fc uieir nrisonsr bht V^sJNMW «r%; fS1^ 3-e surrendered ^Slt^oSrarrivai.t the ffiSl ^Ij-dismonitBa, and, in order to five some appearaiice-bf troth to Ttheir story, they went Into the house, leaving Xlie piisdner Out. site, in the hope that be would make some , stiempt to escape. In an instant Waters threw bis cloak upon a neighboring olive ^ bush, and mounted his cocked bat on the top. Same empty flour sack* lay upou the ground, and a horse Men with welUfilled flout sicks j stood at the doer; Sit John contrived to enter one of the -empty sacks, and throw himself across the horse. When the soldiers came out of the house, they fired their car. bines at the supposed prisoner, and galleped off at their utmost speed. . A short . time after the miller came ont and, mounted bis steed ; the general contrived to lid himself of th'e encumbrance of the sack, fen j sat up, riding behind the man, Who; sud denly turning round, saw a ghost, as he be lieved} for the floor that still remained in the sack had completely whitened his /fallow '*?' traveller and £ifreu him1 a most unearthly appearance. The frightened ; miller was ' putrified,' as Mrs. Malaprop would say, at the sight, and a posh from the *bite spectre brought the unfortunate titan to (he ground, when away rnde the gallant quarter- inaster with his sacks of floor, which at length bursting', made a ludicrous spectacle of man and horse. On reaching the English camp, where Lord Wellington was anxiously deploring; bis fate, b Biidden shout from the soldiers made his, lordship tarn round, when* figure, resembling the statue in ' Con Juan,' galloped up to him. The -duke affectionately shaking him toy the hand, said, 'Waters, you never yet deceived me \ and, though yci hkve come in a most questionable shape, 1 must congratulate you and myself.' When this story was told at the eiub, one of those listeners who always want something more called out, ' Well, aud what did Waters «*y J' to which Alvanley replied* 'Ob, ,» Waters made a very flowery speech, like a well-bred maa.' — Reminiscences 0/ Captain tJronote, ' , 