TIIHE BANUFACTURE O GIIOSTS. (From the .Nee?s oj t?o 1Vorld.) TnE fullowing is San explanatiot of the method of manufacturing glosts:--When any one looks into a glass or meotallic mirror he seces an itnage or ghost of himself. If his neighbour looks over his bhoulder he, too, sees tile me10 ghost. Wlhaot gives thits busi tness of ghost-malilog its chief mystery is the plan of coocealing adroitly thei person or object who or which is to be ghostified, and showing only the image or ghost. Glass mirrorso give rise to seyeral images which are readily observed lwhen thle idiago of a candle is looked at obliquely in a eutohmin loot ing-glass. A very feoble im'tgo of kho clutie is seen, and then a vtdry distiltct one. ~Belhind th'is there are oeveral others, whose intensity or clearoess gradu ally decreases until it disappears '.' This phenomenon or appearance arises from the looking-glass haviltg two reilecting surfaces-that of the face of the plate, and that of the metal which covers the hinder ur face of the glass. The greater feuhbleneas of the imago reflected from the glass than from the metal surface arises from Ithe circumstance that the metal retlects better than tlhe glass. It completely inter cepts tihe light reileeted from the origiual object, annd throwse it baclk to the eye. Noe, in ghost-maltkig t plato of clear glass is placed betoween th obsrversa ano whore itbh host is Ippdo fo alppeoar I attd what is seen tn it , . - • ,. . the ghost is nothing more than thie feeblo image of a true object, produced by rellection from the surfaice of tie plate. But tile ghost, whetn well shown, is an intensely vividi image, the very reverse of scblel; and thile questinir is, how is the intennificaion of an originally feeble inage effno ted? It is offected by greatly reducing or extinguishing all other lights, andi by concentratin? as intense light on the origital object, nnd thus greatly increonsing the rellocting power of the clear glass-plate, and by at the same time forming a dtark backgrot?ld behlind the plate, lwhich furthler assists in throwing out tihe image or ghost to the eye of the spectator. All this is quito a commoun occurrence in tile shop vilidIowsa along the streets, ando perhaps still better in a lighted rail way carriage at niight. T'ihe ghosts of tile passengers in tihe carriageo ire showt throuiigh the carriage windows upon thie apparent groundt of the dark sky; and the carriage-lamp, from its being thle most luminous object, presents the most vivid ghiost of all. As ordinarily repro sented on tihe stage, tile arraigenments for tile pro duction of a giost are essentially as folleos:-The front of the stage is ssade to rise five feet or so from the floor. Within this barrier, and standing down out of sigbht, antd faieing te stage, tie teuo object is placed. A large plate of glass is made to rest on the stage, andi to lean slighitly forward towards the person or olijet thlat is to be ghostilied. The image of tile olject is reflected from tile glass plate to the audience, and this imnago is seen by them to be as far behlintl the plate as the true oblject is placed in advance of it. The electric light, or what is usually called thie linme or ]Drummondt light, sent through tile condenser of a lamp or magic lantern, is at tlhe same time projected on the original object. The ghost is seen to hbe illuminated from ielow up, and this comes of placing the lamp low, and throwisng tile light on the true object upward. A whlite lustrous dress gives to a female personating tSle ghiost exalts the effect. Theo live ghosts shown have the iabit of leaning for ward so as to catch as much of tie illumination as possible. All thie room lights are in the meantime reduced, otherwise thie audience also, as in the case of the passengers in tihe railway carriage, would be converted into ghiosts. As much light and no more, is left on the stage as atdmits of the actors on it being seen. These performers see not ghost; all their movements are calculated as to place autd time. Theghost placed on thie stage, so fur as the adapta tions of thlis illusion have yet gone, is fixed; a Ihandt orpart of the body may be moved, but not the lwhole, beyond a very small distance. Ghost-makintig will become a family amusement, we hiave no doubt, and the simplicity of the apparatus employed for the pro duction of the many illusions of which this matter is capable will set tile youth of both sexes to work amusement during the approachinsg winter montihs. A parlour-table, a large sheet of glass, a toy magic lantern, andt a few yards of black linen, will do for apparatus, and all the babies in the household can be made glosts togethier or in turn. [The Sun says:--Care should he taklen in the exhibition of t'rofesor 'Pepper's ghost, i it is wished to preserve a proper respect for the supernatural. It is awkward when the wrong subject is reflected, as was tile case at a theatre the other evening, swhen, in one of the scenes instead of the haulsted man ap pearitg before the eyes of the audience, the figtre of a carpenter in his shirt-sleeves, drinking a pint of ale, was but too faithfully alladowed forth. Tihe utter unconsciousness of the man, who was below tle stage, as to twhat was passing, made the scene excessively ludicrous.l 