THE BENDIGO ADVERTISES PUBLISHED DAILY PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, MONDAY, JUXE 1, 1863 THE. HOLIDAYS OVER. THE proceedings of the Municipal. Council on Friday, present a most praiseworthy contrast to those at the majority of meetings of that body held during the past few months. . Although the arrears of business were considerable, and with many, holiday-making was scarcely at an end, our civic representatives went to work with a will, and succeeded if not in quite clearing the notice paper, in at least advancing everything a stage. On most points too a delightful unanimity prevailed, indeed to such an extent that the Council may yet revive their title of " Happy Family." Councillor O'Keefe it is true gave a growl and a snarl over the Bank account bone, but on the whole behaved him self remarkably well. Altogether the meeting may be regarded as of a highly satisfactory character, and an earnest of good work and legitimately directed energy in the future. Taking the more important questions in order as they were brought before the Council, we have first the loyal address to Her Majesty presented through Messrs. Strickland and Sul livan, M.L.A.'s, to Sir Henry Barkly. The commendable promptitude with which Mr. Strickland made the necessary arrangements, and contrived that the address should be pre sented in time for transmission by the mail, fully deserved the . cordial vote of thanks accorded to him, . in which however, we think Mr. Sullivan's name should have been included. It is gratifying also to know that the Queen, or whoever may read this " handsomely prepared" address, will learn that in this benighted antipodean region good, composition and loyalty go hand in hand. ' Have we it not on the authority of Councillor Casey-and what other Councillor would have taken the trouble, to wade through the scores of similar effusions- that the Sandhurst Address was the "best worded and most loyally ex pressed" of all? Even if it should never be read in "England, the Chairman of the Muni cipality will have the satisfaction of feeling that his zeal and syntax are equally appreciated. As regards the vote of £5 for temporary repairs to a portion of the White Hills road, it must be considered in the light of a charitable donation, and as Buch will scarcely be disapproved of even by the most rigid economist among the ratepayers. There was a slight tinge of sarcasm in the reminder that a former Council had passed a resolution for. the formation of a foot path at King's Bridge, the place where tem porary relief' is prayed, which however appears to have passed unnoticed. The Government have most disgracefully neglected the main'roads leading into Sandhurst. Not one of them is kept in proper repair. We presume" the Engineer occasionally visits the district," and if so reports upon any urgently required work. But unfortunately no good comes of. these angel visits. The Council will be entitled to the thanks of the travelling public if they send a strong remonstrance to the head of the Roads Department, which we" are sure our " local members will be glad to support. The wretched condition of the M'lvor road, from the corner of Bernal-streot to the commencement of the metal at the foot of the hill, has already been adverted to by us, while the bridge itself is absolutely dangerous. There are, too, number- : less bad places on the road to Kangaroo Flat. | All these will grow worse as the winter I advances. What we should recommend is, not a request for a bit of patching to be done here, and a little cobbling there, but that a sufficient sum of money should be asked to be expended at once, under the direction of the. Road Engineer. We fear that the clever trick played by Government^ which alienated several hundred thousand pounds from the country districts, so as to make the Treasury accounts balance better,' .will prevent any large share, of the small .amount still at command for Roads and Bridges finding its way to Bendigo. However, there is no harm in trying, and the' sooner the. matter is set about the better for life and limb. As regards the condition of. M'Crae-street con tinued, the Council very properly washed their hands of any connection with'it." We have no desire to open up old grievances, but cannot help on this occasion mourning once more over the loss of £1,000, which might have been of considerable benefit to Sandhurst. It would seem that the money surreptitiously obtained from Government for this work has been positively thrown away, and that the credulous traveller who fancies he may make a short cut by M'Crae-street to the White Hills, will of a surety pay dearly for his blind confidence in Government jobs. The least the lion, member for the street in question and his coadjutors in the obtaining of this money cart do, is to put the road in passable order out of their .own pockets. This would be a practical proof, that the extension was required, and go far towards blunting the edge of uncharitable comment upon their proceedings. And yet such patriotic sacrifice may not be required, for who knows how soon a single vote may become invaluable to the Treasury benches. : The committee' has ' been empowered to act without further reference to the Council upon the petition' that the ground between Willi a m saa and Mitchell streets, originally Set apart as a National School reserve^ be put up for sale. This land-has been lying unoccupied since the year 1854, and has been of no benefit whatever to the .town. On this ground a few goats pick up occasionally the scanty herbage which an odd shower of rain brings above the surface, and a stray biped scratches now and ' then- amongst the: clay and' gravel there in search of gold. Arid this is all. Contiguous are several unbuilt on allotments equally productive and profitable to Sandhurst. In the eves of their owners they may ;be most picturesque, but no stranger visiting the town and first glancing . at this desert in ' our midst, would have any other idea, . than.., that the railway station had beoh placed outside the municipal, boundary. That the ground would- sell at a fair price can scarcely be doubted, when its nearness to the station is' considered. That it be set apart for a Catholic Reserve, we, with all re spect to that denomination, respectfully protest. St. Kilian's, and its large, but far from orna mental surroundings is far too near, to allow of a valuable plot of land in what must some day be one of the most important portions of Sand hurst, being rendered comparatively useless, in a civic point of view, for ever. The prayer of the petition ; is founded on sound policy, and there should be no hesitation on the part of the Council Committee' in giving the petition weight in the proper quarter. , We have only space to notice one more subject which came under the Council's, notice. The Lansell nuisance is at last in a fair way of being put an end to. The inhabitants of View Point have not only subscribed the £250 required of them, but the money is lodged in the Bank in the names of trustees, ready to be handed over to Mr. Lansell as soon as the Municipal Council give their moiety of £250. This subject the committee have also to deal with, and as soon as they are satisfied with the conditions of removal will doubtless conclude the long debated question by signing the necessary cheque. While we shall very naturally regret the dispatch of a standing grievance which in dull times always afforded a good strong subject for commentary, yet public spirit is stronger still than " Lansell's," and we ac quiesce in the departure of the hero of a hun dred complaints, and half a hundred articles, and must trust to the chapter of accidents for another equally worthy stop gap. Nor are we altogether without hope that Sandhurst may be come in due time so extended that Lanselliana will again become a fruitful topic for newspaper controversy—for Mr. Lansell does not, we believe, purpose going further than half way up the M'Ivor road hill. ADJOURNMENT or COUNTY COURT AND COURT or MINES.-In consequence of Judge Skinner having been appointed to net as Judge of the County Court and Court of Mines at Castlemaine to-day, in place of Judge Forbes, who has_to officiate in Melbourne for Judge Pohlman during his absence from illness, the sittings of the County and Court of Mines here will be adjourned until "Wednesday next, the 3rd inst. We are re quested.to state that assessors will not be required before that day.' THE ADVENTDBE COMPANY, VICTORIA REEF last week crushed 276 ounces. "We understand that the prospects of the company were never looking better than at the present time. | VIOLENT ASSAULT.-A report was rife in the town yesterday that a tragical deed had been com mitted on the previous night at Hustler's Reef, but on inquiry," we found that although there was some foundation for its circulation, the usual amount of exaggeration had been added 'to make the affair interesting. The report, as circulated, was that Robert Young, a miner, had, in a fit of passion, taken up an axe and laid open his wife's head ; the consequence was taken for granted, but it. appears that instead of using an axe, the in furiated husband resorted to the handle only, and committed, not a murder, but a violent assault, The following are the facts of the case Between two and three o'clock in the morning some of the neighbors heard the poor victim screaming, but thinking it was only some drunken brawl, no notice was . taken of it. After daylight the poor wretch was found lying, near'the gully, much ex hausted, whither she had fled in the night almost in a state of nudity; her' hair was matted with "clotted' blood, her face was covered with dried blood, and the few rags she had on were soaked with it. The people in the neighborhood were in a great state of excitement. The impression pro duced by her appearance was that she was'dying. Dr. Boyd was sent for, and was soon on the spot; he found that she had an extensive wound on the -head, and that the body, arms, and legs were bat tered and bruised in a shocking manner. The poor woman was carefully attended to by Dr. Boyd, who considers that she is not in danger. The husband was apprehended and safely lodged in. the lock-up, and will be brought before the Bench this morning to answer for his brutality. MB. DAVID BLAIR, of Melbourne, who at' his last visit to Sandhurst delivered an admirable lecture on " Wit and Humor," will appear at the .Temperance Hall this evening as the champion of " Ghosts" : It will be remembered that Mr. Michie, a year or two since in a lecture delivered in Melbourne, made great fun out of the shadowy . denizens of Hades. Mr. Blair shortly afterwards issued a counterblast. The subject is, we believe, I cleverly and not unamusingly handled. . VICTORIAN RAILWAYS.-It will be seen by ad vertisement that an alteration in the time -of starting trains has been made both on the Sandhurst and Ballarat lines of railway, which will com mence to-ilay. Trains will leave Sandhurst at half-past six o'clock, at twelve o'clock noon, and at a quarter-past seven in the evening, and will' leave Melbourne at a. quarter-past seven o'clock, and a quarter-past twelve, and a quarter-past seven p.m. " { STREBT MIXING.-"We are glad to see that ,the : Town Inspector, and his newly- appointed assis tant, Constable M'Auliffe, are actively supervis-' ing the road claims, of which so many are n^w granted, in the Municipal streets, and that1 they are compelling the owners to adopt protective ? measures, by fencing in and placing lamps at night to prevent accidents.;, i-J.M. GAOL, SANDHURST.-The, weekly state of the Gaol at Sandhurst, on Fri'lay, 29th M;iy, was as followsTotal confined, 48 males, 11 females, classed thus-For trial, 7 males; fine, 4 males, 1 female; hard labor, 29 males, 7 females; im prisonment, 5 males, 3 females; debt, 3 males.. 