OPENING OF THE CONVENT OF THE GOOD SHEPHERD. On Tuesday, the 25th instant, the formal opening of this establishment took place. Mass was cele- brated by his Lordship the Bishop, assisted by the Very Rev. D. Fitzpatrick, and the Revs. Messrs. Downing, England, Madden, Moore, Bleasdale. Riordan, and Williams. Amongst the laity present we observed the Hon. J. O'Shanassy, Mrs. O'Shanassy, Mrs. Dufiy, Mr. and Mrs. Archer, Mrs. Sayers, H.E.I.C.S., Mrs. Sayers, the Misses Hayes, the Misses Shanahan, Mrs. Bacon, Miss Barry, Mrs. Meany, Mrs Mullaly, &c;, &c.; A moving discourse was delivered by the Bishop respecting the objects of, and the necessity for, the establishment. After His Lordship's address subscriptions in aid were made by the clergy and laity present, The scene was in the highest degree gratifying and impressive, and full of promise for the best interest of faith and charity. Tbe Sisters of the Good Shepherd inform their friends, and all who desire the welfare spiritual and temporal, of this colony, that they have come to establish near Melbourne, a House of their institute, the object of which is, chiefly, to bring back to a life of virtue and peace, poor straying women who wish to return to the Divine Saviour of souls ere this short life closes, and time for repentance is at an end. In order to commence this good work, the Sisters have undertaken a large liability, and they ask the generous aid of the public to enable them to meet it, as also to provide furniture, &c; , &c;, sufficient for the present. With the Divine aid, every exertion shall be made to render the institution self- supporting in the futnre. The house and premises selected by the religious are admirably suited to the health and quiet of the uture inmates, being outside the city yet sufficiently near for all business purposes. Donations and subscriptions will be gratefully accepted by His Lortiship the Bishop ; the Very Reverend and Reverend the Catholic Glergy ; and by the Superioress, Convent of the Good Shepherd, Abotsford, Johnston street, Collingwood. As the nature of the institute of the Good Shepherd may net be generally known, it is well to observe that there are houses of the Order in Limerick, Water ford, and New Ross— Ireland; in Liverpool, Bristol, and Hammersmith — England; in Dal- beatb, Scotland ; besides innumerable housen on the Continent of Europe, in North and South America, and in Africa. Everywhere the public have expressed the highest satisfaction as to their utility. — Victorian, August 29. The Opera. — 'Lurline,' since its first performance during the first season of the Lyster troupe, has always been a favourite with the Sydney public, and the numbers who have attended the opera since Tuesday prove that its popularity has in no degree diminished. It is composition as a whole is of unequal merit, it contains some of the most beautiful music that Wallace has written, and the instrumentation is a great advance upon that or his first opera ''Maritana.'' Madame Escott was in brilliant voice and sang the charming airs with which the part of Lurline abounds with exquisite taste, many of them being of course encored. Miss Georgia Hodson's only song, Gentle Troubadour, was of course vociferously encored and she succeeded in making a very insipid part amusing. Mrs Ada King also was of great assistance in the concerted, music. The part of Rudolph is one that admirable suits Mr. Squires style of voice and he sang beau- tifully throughout, and Mr. H. Wharton also was very effective as Rheinberg, the favourite song, '' A Father's Love,'' being so admirably sung that it narrowly escaped a double encore. Mr. J. E. Kitts in the part of the Gnome sang with his usual care, and Mr. F. Trevor, in the small but important part of Wilhelm, completed the cast. The benefit of Mr. W. S. Lyster, the enterprising lessee, will take place this evening, when a grand performance of the ''Huguenots'' will bring the season to a conclusion. The dramatic season will commence on Monday, when one of the original '' Ghosts'' will put in its claim for public support. Spirits even of those who have not yet Telegraphic Extension. — On Thursday in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Smart in the course of his financial statement read the following report from Mr. Cracknell the Superintendent of telegraphs: ''Telegraphic extension has made a vigorous advance, the colony now possessing 2174 miles of lines, having 2539 miles of wire, which may be divided as follows : — Southern lines, 924 miles of lines, having 2539 miles of wire; Western liDes, 533 miles of line, 533 miles of wire ; Northern lines, 717 miles of line, 717 miles of wire. Total, 2174 miles of line ; 3539 miles of wire, which will be further increased the extent of 2800 miles by the end of the present year. The extensive progress here shown, and the fact that it is only five years since telegraphic communication commenced in New South Wales, prove that the spirit of enter- prise has not been absent in this important matter, while the financial results show that telegraphs have been fully appreciated by the public. The financial features of the telegraph exhibit an encouraging im- provement, which augurs well for further progress; and when the works now in course of construction are completed a furthur increase in the revenue of the department maybe expected. The following shows the business done on the lines during the last threee years: — 1860, messages 53,951 ; receipts £12,136 13s. 2d. 1861, messages, 74,224; recepts, £16,542 8s. 9d. 1662, messages, 104,660 ; receipts, £25,513 9s. 8d. The financial results of the busi- ness of these three years were as follows : — In 1860, tbe expenditure on lines open for traffic was £48,454, the gross revenne £12,136, the working expenses £9408, the profits £2728, or 50 per cent.'' The Shakamaxon left Liverpool on the 11th May, and put into Holyhead through stress of weather, leaving again on the 15th May She brings 484 immigrants, in charge of Dr. Slater. There have been eight deaths during the passage, four infants and four adults. There is no sickness on board at present, and the vessel will only remain in Quarantine a few days. At the Bathurst assizes on Thursday, John Sing, a Chinaman, convicted of murder, was sentenced to death. 