':r;J. HUNTING, ?; :'?'?;;?.'? XHin.Br. c; ax sPBina DbAr Bell,— Ai last . Saturday morning broke very promisingly, deiplto the quantity of tain that had follcn during the week, there was a very fair muster of ; the '? regulars' At the distant trjat' of Spring Yale,— distant, I may truly Bay, for something approaching - sixteen miles U something liko what is said of Jordan, ' n long road to travel, don't you know 1!' and something to keep most man at home who have ' few folks in Britain -wonld orodit what colonial horses go through, and: wall, too, fn the way of labour, , in the Victorian hunting . field.. Iu Leicestershire, for example, it tho meet Is 'oDly five miles away, hunters are always taken to the trysi in their clothing, and ihero arc fow raen that have not n'8ocotid horsa' out.in ohargo of a knowing groom, although a thirty minutes' run, »b considered 'a good thing.'.' With us, however (thdt U to say, tho majority t£ us), the oross-country nag of the day has to carry ita rider to the fixture, and probably bear him over a scbre of miles, before a ghOBt of a find. . If tho kangaroo that Is roused bo killed within two hours, after a heavy gallop through, slush and mud and long beath,'*and over n succession of such hoavy post and rallcrs as would make' the hair of ft Torn Olliver stand ereot, 'like quills upon tha fretful porcupine,'' it is considered to have been a quiok and tatisfactory chase, notwith standing that tho ovor-oxerted manor horio (or rather, hotso and man)' have from twelve to twenty weary miles to drag homowatds.' At a rough calculation, it may; fairly bo allowed that tho nags who start from Melbourne, go through out; a chevy, and return home, travel between fifty and sixty mllea, and this poiforraance may be deemed a feat such as few English feather-bed sportsmen would credit, muok more attempt to riral. More than once your present correspondent has broadly hinted that tho M.U.C. pack mast eventually boturnod to stag- hounds, and moro than ovor is he convinced that sooli should bo speedily' arrspged,. when he re-considers tho enormous distances gone over this eonson. The master, Mr. Qeorge Watson, has long Bince suggested .that a largo paddock, within easy reach ol Melbourne, should bo (stocked with kangaroo, and a tinglo ' flyor' bo driven out of a cornor sllp-pincl for tbo nport of the day. ' Tho expense would not 'bo great of fonolng-in an enolosuro to such, a height as to keep tLe long-: tailed 'tins confined, and 4 vast amount of labour, to bound and horoo would beeaysd by the doing away with long.rcnd.joutnoya, and cTr'awliig for boura about the'fylsh; ', j'.''.fibw6vor; » few deer1 were placed in-the p'addocfc.'instecd of kangaroo, tho spo;t would bo both morn exciting to tho general public, and mure certain to ? bo satis factory, , as deer run far better, after being enclosed, than any Australian quadrupeds. Half a dozon old biokon- mouthed hounds, called ' tuftors' in Dovonslilro and Dorsetshire, would be turned Into the aforesaid paddock to chase out a tingle stag through the slip panel, and, after a fair .allowance! pf 'law,' the veritable pack would bo laid. on qnito, fresh, and' the horsemen, equally 'fit, would foll6w for a light merry hunt. Instead of bavins to be, at nine In \- tho morning, sonio dozen miles or eo away from Melbourno (neoes.4toting leaving ono's pillow about tb 1 disngreoablo boor of six), eleven o'clock would be time .'enough for the meet, -and all hands might be home again by:from two to three o'clock. Consequently, many promotional nnd commercial men could join- the hunt, who now havo to stay 'longing' at home, and tlio Mel bparno Hounds be, as well supported by city sabscrlbers as aro tho Subscription Stag Hounds at Cheltenham nnd other fainon9 hunting towns »t trio 'antipodes. - This much i3Buro] viz, (hat I U\t 11:511 ?:'..i-!it;-l,v an!;;^;!1 In. business can fpara It', c .tii's Hcturilay, ,M.d toaseqatn'Jy rn»ny.of thi 'W;{ht sort' ;i' !;t-nrl oro debarred from a pnstimc tbi'v vo-ui glndiy .??1.;.-ro .-.i;!! i-ir.-ipn:t.' Tii-i 'O'..'-'.;'1 i',an lir/f h.-i-j u i,i hlu luiml ' *?'.--]; ilii:s l-niinlr ia print, »-;?- _:iow \\.ht.t it .,,.?; d'nsi out, he wny \^'.'L''Z';.)' ifi ..dccwoil :i« ?'.-p.f.'.iii],; mit of hia ^;irn ' .'.nil bofiuo th« ym;—v time; buthj bogs' leave to differ, ami siiu.jri.h- Iwan-. t'ml timse who have Itiu their power lo ttk--k th.; dcsir.iblo ohange, will make the absolum ^w-;-aary arrangements during tho next summer. Well, friend Sell, alter this long hunting homily, it is quito time I gave a bTiou account of .the Spring Vale meet. A capital breakfast, much wan tod after tlio long ride; was set by tho worthy host, of the pub, befotentuut a score of hungry individuals, whoso wires or housekeepers had not provided for their w^nta at peep of day, and at about half-past uiua tho horn of tbo maitor 'too-tiio'd' to' s»ddlo. In Bergin's or th« Polioa PaiWook m kunwh to bn a aute fiud, and, sure enough, the hounds wero fn full cborus in about three- quarters of an hour aftor being thrown into cover. The ground waa very wot,' heavy, and rotten, and the keeping near 'this pack, therefore, by ' no meana a joke;' as .Ibey wont' 'at .0 dashing' pace, and there was any quantity of fencing, including more than, tho usual share of double road jumps. Had it not been. for. the water ojj the surfaco, which naturally caused constant abbit checks, no one could have Jived -with the industrious oaninos, and seldom lias bettor musio been beard than they vocilerously gave utterance to. Where we went, and ovor what, as tho oountry is foroe wHatstrange, itlshard to record; bnt, alter a long, arduous, nnd woll worked out chevy, our quarry ran into a small mob of its fellows all the long distance away ot Graham's paddock, and tho hounds were then dUcreotly whipped off. Tkero wero lots of spills, (U might be expected in such queer takss-off and laudingt, but no accidents, arid the performances of many riders and horses deserve immenso praUo. Qko master was on Jumbo, tho first whip on Mountaineer, and the iccoud on tho clover little grey. , The piok horses ol tbe field consisted of Koasenso, Baoibler, Ilocket, chcBtnut Little Wonder, Young Hector, Tho Don, Sportsman, Fivoy, the 'judicial chest nut,' etc, the field rausteringobout fivoand twenty. It rained tcnrly nil day, less or .inorb, aftor drawing was commenced, and tho red coats came homo well saturated. ' '? . . . . NIMROD'3. GHOST. ?Tim Obeloko Hunt.— (From tho Adver tiser.)— Another magnificent run on Wednesday, tawardod tho ' piuks and tops.' ' The meet was at the Buck's bead, Drysdale, and the field mustered nearly forty strong, among* whom wore somo nlno or ten members of the Hunt Club in piok. Tho pack being thrown off, soon fouud a hot scent In tlaryey's paddock, and the quarry treated tho field to a glorioui run ' right bfF,' as tho Yankees a^y, 'scino forty minutes, when the hounds came to' a check within sight cf the hotel at St. Leonard's. In about ten minuU'B, however, it was picked up again, and n' second splondid rnn of noarly on hour occurred, when the Bcc'nt was again lost .near Lantrtlon's paddock. There there seemed to be somo difllculty in again ' getting on,' and from tho scarcity of game in the district, the chairman of the club deemed it advlsablo i.ot to prosecute the soaroh too vigorously, as en tho lust occasion, tbo dpg of come splitter or fcncorhrid fallen in wltb the exhau.ited quarry, and killed it. The pack was thercforo drawn off, the tun beiug considsred quite sufficient for tbo dty, aud tho party nturned. to their respective homes. Tbe Hold w,\s generally well up, and tho pinks oamo oil uool free, altboufh , thero wore botuo ugly bursters among the onteldors. The weather was delightful, aud tho hunting ground very fair, ? 