HUNTING. A. PJBEP..AT TUB ItBIBOCnKE : ' ' ' ' ' PACK. ' No hound orcr opened, with Tom near the wood, But he'd challenge the tone, and could tell If 'twere good : And all with attention would eagerly mark, When bo cheered up the pack— ? Uark t Rockwood, hark I hark I'' Tom Moopv. Deab Bell,— Mcthought, tho other day, as the ' merrv. merry month of May ' isverynleh at hand. that the hunting spason is also closo upon us, and yet no notes of preparation had beon publicly founded 1 Ac oordiDgly, girding up his loius, your whilom correspon dent sot forth to tho kennch of the Molbourno Hunt Ctub hounds, dctormined to drop as if from tho clonus upon that well known oharacter, ' Aliok of the Gog gles,' tlle.keeper and leedor. By-the-bye, when quoting .thoV'.THcrry month of May,' of Tcourso it in meant as rolailvo to the jolli;y inaugurated amongst that seleot Australian circle who doom tho chase their dearest joy, and not as mistaking the coming herald of winter for tho Antipodean ? harbinger of summer. If 'twas merry In the hall, when their beards wagged all— amongst the old monks of old— how much more must It be jolly for young fellows of tho prosent tlrao to fill woods and wilds with tho chcory rmisio that gladdens aliko the heart of roan, horse, and hound I and to be nblo to welcome tho approach of winter, doapito its occasional frowns and toars. The only wonder is that larger fields do not avail thomsolves of one of tho vory few home like luxuries imported to this distant clime as out-door pastimes ; for, o£ all others, hunting has the most relative advantages in the transfer. Cricket, deservedly on coaraged as it is, must be allowed to suffer considerably in enjoyment from the tropical heatof summer parching up tho turf, nnd rendering severe oxcrciso almost insup portable; whilst shooting, from scarcity of came, oan only be doomed a shadow of its former self. The clings, on tho contrary, has many points of gain in Australia, nor can it bo denied that tns Melbourne hnnllng country is par excellence tha ln*t in tbis island continent. In England, Ireland, or Scotlnnd.Bovoro frosts, of weeks' continuance, hinder the very attempt at sport; and the oold rides to cover, or back to stable, aro frequently a positive misory, innsmnch ns tho benumbed horseman scarcely knowswhether he possesses handsor feet. Two days out of threo irtither rains pitchforks or drizzles palpablo mists ; nor is it uncommon for the third to present a fog that might bo cut with a cheese-knife. The quarry is generally n demi-tamo fox or doer — the pnok fleet as greyhounds — the run a twenty- five minutes' hurst— only a very soloct first flight, on thorough bred steeplechasers, monogo to catch glimpses of oven tho ?? tail' hounds. ' After the first Tally ho 1 scarce, a man Rets a ' viow.' nor can swear whother he's not after . a shcop-uog; and, as for torshire and two or three other restricted grass countries, plough, fallow; and rldgo havo to bo struggled through, over fetlock deep. Forbid it, ye gods, that tho writer should intond.'in thus discoursing, to hold choap tho pleasures and glorhs of tho British chase, or to disregard tho memories- and obligations duo to a Meynoll, an Asslicton Smith, or a Sutton ; but ho is honestly con vinood that such tip-top sportsmen as those of yore, and their worthy rivals of the prosent, would thcta'olves prefer to uncover from their rotreats our native dingo, kangaroo, or emu, nnd to follow thoir chorusing fnvour lius m pursuit uver uiu vuneu surface o- uur uwa iiauuug grounds, rather than the stereotypod hedges and ditches of their own tame countries. Moreover, we in Victoria novcr Iobo a moet by tho before-spoken-of frost, nor do wo have worse disoomforts at our trysts than an occasional wet cost ; whilst wo certainly obtain tbc truest joys of bunting through being able to watch the hounds find their own gamo and liuht it- fairly down by their own sagacious instinct. But you will bo crying, ' Waro ! ware !' Mr. Editor, and calling on tho preacher to stick to his text, instead of penning an essay ou British and colonial voncry, so we'll e'on hark back to konnal arid inspect Alock'a spotted beauties. In anwor to tho first inquiry, and a vory important ono too, it wa4 gratifying to learn that Mr. Goo. Watson, the master, has for some weeks boon regularly oxcrcuing the pack, and that thoy arc ready for the covert sido at B oouple of 'dais' notice. Tho present muster is twenty two and a half couple of hunting hounds, of which, six oouple are new entries. Although well acquainted with the M.H.C:H.' for TDanV yenrs, deponent has never Been them looking'so blooming in coat, so bright in the eye, so well in their feist, and so promisingly fit for work. At a glance it Is ovident that they have been well sum mered, and that both mastor and man havo bestowed thatdue amount ofkennel care without which fit hunting condition can' never bo attained. Nor has this result been realised without considerable difficulties to contend against, for most persons familiar with canine statistics mast be aware that disease has recently been very prevalent amongst dogs, and that tha bettor bred tho animal, iho more rapid and unoonquer flblo- is the inoreaso of the disorder. Why this may bo, has not yot been explained by the votcriuaries, hut, it would Boom, that tho finer the organs, the more delicate the. susceptibilities. As a proof of this fact, many in stances could be brought forward as to kennels of poin ters, Betters, and spaniels, in tho old 'country; but, as far as a limited experionco goes, tho result? of colonial hlgh-breds aio still more iraprossivo. For example, some eight or nino years sinco, when that unaccountnblo distemper only known as the 'dog disease,' sprond so V dely ovor this portion of tho globe, th&t; at each corner of the streets unfortunate beiv-wowa ?were to be'«oen in different stogei of feverish paralysis, overy hound In Mr Henry Fitzroy's hlchly brod pack, at Sydney, except two aged oast-aivayp, died off like so many rotten sheep, iloro attention Is therefore necessary hero, than at t'olhor side of the wator, to check the first symptoms of complaint, nnd extra pains are duo to the careful master and his assistants, who contrive, year aftor year, to kcop op a pack to its full complement. Only those w ho havo lud the' oxperlonco of practice oan oven guoss how puppy after puppy of n litter drops off, t«i nil kiods of dog distempers are remarkably contagious, and thero ii not the advantage in this country of sonding puppies ' out to walk' at tenant's homesUads, as at home, and thus escaping tbe pestilential miasma that no cleanliness can avoid, floating around the droppings and working of m IihhIihh not a til lali m nnf Tn1 ttin tnna nt thaat* dtfTifMll— ticB, therefore, it iB very creditable that the M. H. C. pack are still kopt up to their numborB, and arc improved in quality. 'Tia true, a few favouritos will be misaod nt tho first meet. No moro will tbe habituu be ablo to pAvo tho musical cry of ' Welcome! old hound I' or, ' Harkaway I old Boy !' for they ore depnrted to tho Indian: hunting grounds ; poor Daunter, of famous memory as the truest of leading honnds, is n»arly stone blind; and several of the bitches are at prosont Buffer ing, liko Haohol for hor ohildrou, 'because they aro not.' Natheless, all eyes will bo gladdoned at the brilliant group when first ftir. Watson sounus nis norn, nua win gladly own that tho fnturo of tho season ' looms lnrge.' /After carefully looking through the kenuol, the follow ing entries aro deemed most worthy of notice : — Damc br, by Eector,out of old Doubtful, a remark ably woll RTOwn puppy, that would bo admired by so gtoata canine critio aa Lotd Fitihardinge. Danoeii, by Traitor (imported by Mr.T.Chirnsido), out of Dairymaid, a beautiful animal, with strength and speed combined, nnd a dolloto nose. Dexter, by Reotor, out of Doleful, very powerful, and with a moBt sensible frontispiece. . ,. DraoON, by Slasher (the famed leader of thoGeelong pick), nnd out of ono of the late Anthony Green's bitches. A ', varmint' looking hound, of raoderato size, but showing the polnta of sense, endurance, and quick ness. . .._..-.. Duchess, by Rector, out of Dauntioss, very nanu BCmo and powerful. Dovbtful, by Slasher (Geelong), as c'oan mado os if to order,. Daintt, by Rector, out of Doloful, looks fast, but is rather, fine In the (owl. T6rsr, by Traitor (imported), out of sister to Sports man, Is noat and promising, but not so largo as her tire should warrant. Daisy, by Weloomo (dead), out of Doubtful, has something of the character of tho old favourito, though on b moro JoHc»to scale. GnACEl'UL and Ghrtrudk, by Traitor, out of a harrier bitch, aro noat things, of iivi-ly temperament, and likely to be UBeiul on a cold scent, from their cross. ' Arnongst tho old ' pets of tho fancy,' and still looking fresh a» paint, may bo named tbo undermentioned. ? Dealer, always ono of the first to hit oft n trail. ?8rouT3MAN, a famous line-hunter, and that never tires till dark. Hakcawav, vory fast, and ns good nt night as at morning. .- , Driver, a trup line hunter; Rector (not old Rector), an English lmrrior, always at work, and worth a 'Jew's eye' on a cold scent or cheek. FApMER, a thorough hard-worker and truth- toller. ltAiroBR (out of Lord Fitzwilliara's Rosobud, by ' Harkaway), a regular stayer, and ono whoso voice Ls alwayVtobobolievod. 'With theso introductory remarks, and a summary of fl.ft'*1 T*tr.U- rif Urn «ni»lr »f whinli T YinnnprV' tin nun tlin nlil alliteration, 'Peter Piper picking the peck of popper'), . atloiv your cor respondent to closo his long rigmarolo. His only last words are to impress on the old members of the Molbourno Hunt Club the necessity for duly etrppoitlng a'club bo creditable to the loading colou- ot .Australasia, nud that they can only do so by rallying round a:inaster who hns proved hlinsol.* oxtromcly liberal ; in tho ppr'aonal sacrifice of timo, horseflesh, and servants' labour.- A niceting it to bo hold at four o'clock on Monday, at Old Governor Arthur, to ohat over preliminaries ; and it in gratifying to know that two old and gouuino sup porters of the Hunt aro recently returned from England to swell tbo list of mombois. Hoping soon to rooord once moro tho Melbourne, Hunt .doings,— Yours, etc., NIMROD'S GHOST. ) TnR PnAHUAH Bea«le» will moot this aftornoon at tho St. Kilda Park gate, at two o'clock, not at Caul field as previously announced. ' Melbourne Hdht Club-— Tho master of thoM. H.C. Vis. anxious to meet tho members and subscribers of the Hunt, st Kirk's baaa&r;, on Monday next, at four 