BOXING-DAY AMUSEMENTS. WOOLLOOMOOLOO BAY REGATTA. THE lovers of aquatic sports appear doomed to dis- appointment in the matter of weather, as a favouring breeze and a delightful atmosphere on regatta days are tlie exception and not the rule. It will be in the reollection of many that for several months pre ceding Boxing-day of last year a drought prevailed through out the country, and therefore the incessant rain with which we were visited on the day in ques- tion was hailed by many with very great satisfaction , but we question whether the lowering clouds and occasional showers of Saturday last were greeted in that spirit, or borne with so much patient forbearance, for (at least during the morning) disappointment appeared to be written upon every countenance. Very little complaint was heard about the direction or face of the wind, as it was not sufficiently strong to prevent any of the races from coming off; heavy squalls, however, were not infrequent throughout the day. The first race was arranged for ten o clock, but in consequence of the threatening weather and meagre attendance (the latter, indeed, being the result of the former) it was not started till nearly eleven o clock. Towards the middle of the day, the company on board the flagship was cousiderably increased in numbers, and early in the afternoon there were as many on hoard as could be comfortably accommodated. The line ship Canaan, Captain Wilson, did duty as flag shîp, and her capacious cabins were well adapted for accommodating a large number at the luncheon, while her roomy poop afforded ample space for those who desired to indulge in the "poetry of motion", under the inspiration of buoyant spirits and excellent music. And here we should mention that perhaps the most important accessory to the sport was the pressence of tho Volunteer band, whose performances are so well known to the lovers of good music that no word of praise is needed here. Ladies formed a very consid- erable portion ot visitors to the flag-ship, and there- fore it is hardly neccssary to state that dancing was commenced early in the day, and kept up till late in the evening. In the afternoon a large number of pleasure seekers, defiant of rain and clouds, congregated on Robinson s baths and the points from which a view of the regatta could be obtained, but there was scarcely a tenth of the num- ber that would have made the rocks and woods echo with their merry voices had the weather been pro- pitious. Several refreshment booths were erected on shore, for the convenience of those who had braved the weather, and at one time thy) appeared to be driving a good trade; still the speculation could hardlv have proved otherwise than unsuccessful. Luncheon was provided on board the flag ship by Mr Wakefield, late providore of the Clarence steamer, and nearly the whole of those on board patronised this highly important adjunct to a day's pleasure. With regard to the races, little of a general character need be said; nearly the whole of them were well contested, and excited a good deal of in- terest, but there were none that could be considered of very great importance. For instance, there was no race for first class yachts, and even that for second- class fell through for want of entrances; moreover, there was no race for all comers m wager skiffs, nor indeed any race at all in wager skiffs. The majority of the prizes went to amateurs, nor are we disposed to quarrel with the committee on this account , for these provisions of a programme stimulate a large number of young men to practice, and thus lay the foundation of many successful tournaments on our beauti- ful waters in after years, and may perhaps materiallv contibute to our reputation as expert boatmen and good scullers. Mr G.Thornton acted with his usual efficiency as umpire, and Mr Alderman Moore gave ever) satisfaction as starter. Inspector Cowell, of the Water Police, with the assistance of two boats' crews, kept the course clear and rendered efficient aid to the committee. With these preliminaries we append a detailed account of the racing. First Race - For all youths under eighteen )ears of age pulling two pairs of sculls, in skiffs, with coxswain Course;- from the wharf at the head of Woolloomooloo Bay, around Fort Denison, and back to the flagship. First prize £6, second £2 Entrance, 16s 6d. Favourite, H. M'Cleer and G. Yates, pink and white .. ..1 Favorita J. Pemell and G. Merriman, blue and white .. 2 Messenger, M. Dowd and D. Connelly, pink and blue Swan, W. Huggett and H Dunn, blue. An excellent start was effected, but before the boats had proceeded 200 yards, M'Cleer and Yates in the Favourite forged a head of the others, increased their lead to the finish, and won by about twenty lengths, Favorita second, the others nowhere. Second Race -For all bona fide amateurs pulling a pair of sculls in skiffs Course-same as No, 1 Tri/e, £10, oi a tup Lntrance, £1 Is Tav orita, A Crook, pink and scarlet* 1 A 8 II C, J VV \8sflin, blue and white 2 /crlinn 11 1 rccman, vhltc S lavount VV VV Calvin pink and wlnte Star of Au«trnlia, 1 Miller, blue Ireedoii J Garvín, vi hue and green, Mr 1 leeman, in Zerlina, was a great favourite for this race, and for a considerable distante he sustauied the tonhdence of his friends by maintaining a good position but Mr Crook, with a magnificent sweeping stroke, gradually distanced ev ery other m the race, and towards the hnish pulled at his esse In pulling home from I ort Denison, Mr. Assehn passed Mr Ireemun, and in this order the three boats passed the flagship, the others being hopelessly in the rear Third Race -for all amateurs pulling a pair of sculls in skiffs. Course Same as No 1. First prize, £10 , second, £2 Entrance, £1 1s. Waratah, R. Yeend, white, blue sash ... ... ... 1 Star of Australia, J Donnelly, blue, with star ... ... 2 Champion, P. Mulhall, red, white, and blue ... ... 3 Favourita, J. Galbraith, white Swan, C. Barnet,t blue and white Favourite, J M Cleer, green and white Yeend was backed to win this race, but in conse quence of his recent defeat at Balmain by M'Cleer, the latter was not without friends. It was a splendid race from start to finish, Yeend leading all the way, but so closelv pressed was he by Donnelly, that when the gun fired denoting that the race was over he had no more than half a boat s length to spare. Mulhall was a good third. M'Cleer disappointed a good many, as he did not show prominently at all in the race Tour'h Rate -For all bona fide skiffs under canvas, (ouise horn their moorings m Woolloomooloo Ba), round Shark Island round flagship, round Fort Denison, and back to flagship First prize, £10, stcord, £3 Entrance £1 Madonna L TerriER, light blue 1 Btor, Ü VI Lean red 2 Herald, J llichard», dark blue iladonna e,ot the start and occumed the premier position throughout the race although at tunes she had but aver) short lead of her antagonist Ihis was especnll) th case toward the close of the race, the *5tar havinc, pained considerabl) in turning to windward from Tort Denison The Herald had no chance with either of the leading boats XiftH Race -lor all open boats not exceeding 22 feet oven 11 under canvas Course-from their mooring in "\\\ < olloomooloo Bl) round Lightship, and Sow ind Pigs lound flagship, round Tort Denison trd back to flagship Tirst pn/e, £10 , second £ Lntrance £l leisure Uou VV 1 Gordon blue and white 1 Laura J W itf, red white cross 2 Jul W Dunn 1 lu vrh te cross 1 Wov-c cj 11 VVoolnotgb red Dom G V oi ans blue with wh te elm cs Blanch J Sempill, i ingenta Ihe Leisure Hour maintained her reputation for speed md added another to her list of victories b) winning the ruo tleverl) Ihe lot got away upon equal terms, with a fine fresh breeze, andas tlie) stoeddown the harbour toward the Lightship the) all api cared in close attendanceupon the Leisure Hour, who vas leading In returnuig it was observed that a loi e distance senarated the first and last boat« Ihey pa«sed the ship in the following order-leisure Hour first, Laura second Julia third Dora fourth, Blanche, fifth and Waveney last Ihis order was maintained during the remamder of tlie tate the Leisure Hour securing the first pn/e by about six oi ei_,ht length0,1 nura and Julia having a fine rate for second place Sixth Race-ror all)ouths not exceeding sixteen years of age pulling a pair of sculls in dingies not ex- ceeding 14 feet over all Cours«?-Same as Nq 1 First pwe, £4 , second £1 Entrance 5s Alarm, VI 1 aies, p nk and white 1 >ditb r Tunob, white 2 Topsj, G Williams, blue and white \ates jumped off with the lead, was never caught and won at bis esse, Punch being second, and Williams nowhere The seventh race on the programme was arranged for second-class )achts, but there were no entrances, and consequently no race EighthRace -Forall third class yachts not exceed- ing 5 tons Course-from Flagship round the Light ship and Sow and Pigs, round the flagship, round Shark Island, and back to the flagship First prize, »15 Second, £3 Entrance, £110s Irene, W Smith, dark blue I ^ephir.J B Graham, white, red cross 2 í tile L J Spver, jun , red, white cross. This was a splendid race between Irene (otherwise k"own as the Emma) and Zephyr From the time the flag chopped till the gun announced the Irene to be the winner, they were m close company, the Irene having a sticht lead, Zephyr haying to be content with second place Ninth Race -For all bona fide amateurs pulbng a pair of oars in skiffs Course- Same as No. 1. First pme, £10 , second, £2 Entrance, £1 Is, /ellina, Q and C Deloitte, magenta and blue 1 Favorita, J and A Croak, blue and scarlet 2 Freedom, i Garvan and J Manning, white and green. Hebe, 1 Pcrucll and G Merriman, blue and while Ihe Deloittes were the favourites for this race, and the) realised the anticipations of their backers by winning it cleverly, although closely pushed by the Crooks The others had not the ghost of a chance Tenth Race -1 or all comers pulling two pairs of sculls in licensed watermen's skiffs, with coxswain ( ourse From wharf at the head of the bay, round Iori Denifon, round Flagship, round Fort Denison, and back to Flagship First pme, £12 , second, £2 Entrance, £1 Is Champion, J Dunnctt and O f>aab, white 1 JuRt in Time, T M'Gregor and Hobort Oreen, white, bluo atar 2 1'avorita, I*. Connelly and J Phelps, bluo and white 3 Champion booked to win it, and won it easily lhere was a magnificent struggle for second place, which resulted in favour of M'Gregor ana Oreen Eleventh Race - For all amateurs pulling two pairs of sculls in skiffs, with coxswain. Course - same as No 1. First prize, £10 , second, £2 Entrance, £1 1s. Star of Australia, J Connor and J Donnell, blue with star 1 Waratah, R.Yeend and P. Mulhall red, white,and blue 2 Favorita, J. M'Cleer and J. Galbraith, green and white 3 In this race the favourites were again successful. Waratah got a slight advantage at the start but she was soon overhauled by Star of Australia, and in this order they finished the race. Favorita third. Twelfth Race -ror all bona fide amateurs, who have never won a public pn/e, pulling a pair of oars in skiffs, with coxswains Course-Same as No 1 First pme, £9 , second, £2 Entrance, £1 Is Bwan, It 'i minger and T Frith, blue 1 1 airy, VV G Hobcrtaon and } Want, wlnto 2 Zoe It VV ood and 11 \ cond, magenta and white 3 1 av orita, J 1 cmcll and G Merriman, blue and white. Hie Swan and the Fairy cut out the work in this race, Bnd pushed each oilier every stroke of the distance By the time the leading boats were oppo- site Lady Macquarie a Foint, in going down, the other boats w ere out of the race Thirteenth Race -Tor all corners in licensed watermen s tkiffs, pulbng a pair of sculls Course same as No 1 F rst pnze, £10, second, £2 En- trance, £1 Champion, J Dunne«, pink 1 Just in Tin» llobcrt Green, white, bluo star 2 Favorita, I Connells blue and white 3 Alabama, G Mulhall, white 4 No cne would go down for this race but Dunnett, who took first place after a desperate struggle with Oreen The veteran waterman George Mulhall took part m this race, and was loudly cheered , but the pluck) old man has lost the physical vigour he once enjo)ed, and has no chance with the aquatic athletes of the present day Fourteenth Race -ror all bona fide amateurs pulling two paire oí sculls in skiffs, with coxswains l oursi-Same as No I First pri/», £8 , second, £2. Entrance £1 Is Stor o'Australia, T Miller and J Bennett, blue 1 1 avontn, J and A Crook bluo and scarlet 2 1 rccdoni, J Gunnn anti j Manning, while and green 1 avontn, VV V\ Galvin and G \ales, pink and white It was known that this race would lie between the Crcoks m lav orita, and Miller and Bennett in the Star of Australia, and both did their best to pull off the prize Strength and endurance appeared to oe on the side of the latter, and they secured tnc v ictor), 1 ut it was no gift to them Fifteenth Race -For all amateurs pulling a pair of oars in skiffs with coxswains Course sanae as No 1 1 mt pru», £9 , second, £2 Entrance, £ I Is Star of Australtn, J Connor and J Donnolly blue with star 1 Waratah, V Mulhall an lit \ccnd roi, white, and blue 2 bwan, C Barnett and I ctcr Vlarkey, bluo and white 3 Hie finish between Star of Australia ind Waratah was the closest, and the race the most exciting, of any dunug the di) Up to the list half minute it was difficult to say which would be declared the winner Hie Star, however, pokedhernose in first and secured fiistpn/e Gig and Din¿) -Purse, £3 ¿i Entrance, gig, 10s , dingy, Is Dingy, Johnny Gilbert, 1 1 uncb, white Gig, Willif 1 Can, Brewster, blue Ibis was a rather tame affair, as the din,;y liad no difficult) whatever m keeping the gig at u respectful distance Once, however, the lad (Punch) gave the bowman of the gig a chance, and he jumped over bo ud , but he had his labour for his pains and a Orood ducking also It should be mentioned that the people in the gig pulled in among the boats in a most reckless and reprehensible manner, and one of them hit a child so violentl) in his face with a paddle, that the poor little fellow was nearl) knocked ov erboard, and got his face ver} badi) bruised At the termination of the spot t the band played " God save the Queen, and in a short time the cam pan) on board the flagship left for the shore 