" <£crcat itrtelHgfwc. Sites for Common Schools have been pa?,*! at Glenlyon, Lancefield, and Gisborne. ^ TnE Removal of a portion of the goods A from Woodcnd to Williamstown lias been le Samuel Am ess far the sum £4,345 14 s. 6d. The Genebal Sessions and Cocntt Com be held at Kyneton on Thursday the 13th inst summonses require to be served fourteen cle^t before the day appointed for holding the court. MALiisBunr Pouce Coget.—There was no W ness transacted at this Court on Tuesday, ss case of James Thornton v Matthew Manpa summons was r.ot served, and in that of Da Meyers v John Lqnergan, for assault, there was appearance of either parties. Dr Davy and E Gi Esq., J.P., were the presiding magistrates. Escate or a Cbijiikal.—In conveying a from (Blue Mountain to Ballaarat on Sunday, detectives found it necessary to unhandenff him account of the swollen state of the creeks. Hit had an opportunity of escaping, of which htava himself at FerTitree Gullv. lie is supposed to 1r plicated in the robbery of the tollkeeper at Ball Titi-f. Deeds.—From Friday's Gazette -sre that title deeds are lying at the Receipt and Offcp, Melbourne, for the undermentioned yn viz:—James Williams, Gisborne -. J, S. Vti Lauriston; Noah Turner, Tylden (2): Sji Amess, Gisborne ; and John Walsh, GlonhR also at the Receipt and Pay Offiec, Carlcniaine." R. White, jun., Woodcnd ; Edward Weaver.Wi enu ; Henry Willey, Woodcnd (5); Ei Tucker, Hojcombe 9 John Took, Redesdale. Ky.vEXQN Thfatre.—Ou Saturday evening Mr John CoygUIaij, the celebrated Irish pipe, his two brothers, the champion clog dancers, their first appearance in the above theatre, but to the unfavorable state of the weather thtm ance was anything but satisfactory. Mr , Coughlan played with unrivalled skill numerous marches, &c;, while his two younger brothers jren themselves exceedingly clever in ;heir attainments. We learn they are at present fu! and engagement at Taradale, and purpose, & nothing intervene, returning through K.vntfon giving a second performance, on which occasion would recommend all lovers of a pleasant evcum; be present. Roddekt xrar EocftFonD.—The police been informed that the hut of Connor Ryan, rei on the Five-tnile Creek, between Rochhrd Lancefield, was entered by four men under arms the night of the 23rd October, and robbed uf c one-pound notes and some silver. There were p.her men besides Uyan in the hut at the time, all of these were tied up by the bushrangers had crape on their faces. Ityandid not inform police of the circumstance for some days after, even then did not give them the information ni sary to give a clue to the thieves. He is au hand " and Iris all the esprit de corps which pre liim "peaching" even on those who ro himself. The Weather.—On Sunday last a snoir; sueh as is seldom seen in Kyneton visiui neighborhood, ltaifl, saoiv, and hail, with a"u wind renderedtlie 1st of November one of th. c.i!i| davs of this year. If is a satisfaction to find c.r of"more favourable weather prevailing. M.^J was boisterous, a day of alternate squiills and:J shine. Amongst the ireatherwise opinion is jird much divided as to whether the changes of the hijJ exercise au influence on the weather. Seymour, at the head of the meteorological dtp: ment in Great Britain, says no, and so far as < experience goes we agree with liim. This hstfrv able change cannot be ascribed to dame Luna, at 1 rate, and we think the suggestion of a comspij dentof a Melbourne journal, that the tartialc of the sun on the 11th, and of the moon on the 25j of this month, lias been the cause of the recai:1) weather^ about us pertinent as the hypothesis tl Tentcrden steeple was the cause of the Goolvrj sands,. The Ghost ! The Ghost ! —Whether the 1 accident winch occured to Mr Merlin's Ghost-pi ducing apparatus has caused the Spirits to dis[ and perform ou their own account we are no: pared to state,, but one of a most formidable app< ance has visited a farm held under an occujaiii licence 011 Dr Baynton's run, to the horror i party residing there, who, we are told, endeavored obtain clerical assistance, and, this being refos him. he tried carnal weapons, but without sua as he was so scared, on hearing the Ghost speak t he threw- it down and took to his heels, never; daring to look back until he had placed a coi'-sil able distance between liim and the woald-be < versant spirit. As far as we can learn, tlie G makes its appearance only on Friday night, in e form of one of the fair sex, and invites the horrir inmates to follow it no one knows where. A la party have valiantly resolved to proceed 101 haunted house |and .capture the Ghost or pe" 1 tlie attempt. We would advise the " ghost" t its practical jokes, as the receipt of a charge of sufficient to peel the wool off an oppossum «"o"i.-| a bad termination to a " lark." Our. Sanitary Cospmox—An application* recently made to the Kyneton Borough Conna I remedy the state ot the water-table in Moll& street, near the J miction Hotel, in order to prevc the collection of standing water there. TheCoic voted a sum perhaps suffieieut to temporarily remd the grievance, but certainly inadequate otlierM We think it might be better if the Council heldfc inducements to ratepayers to channel their props • by paying half the expense when done under 1 direction of the Borough Surveyor, as iu ildbonr There are many places where the water-table ® stagnant water lying for weeks, especiatlvdunA winter and spring, and some measures should aL^ taken to compel owners of vacant allotments to 0 exit for the stagnant water from their land. 1 understand that Mr Hassall, the Inspector 011 Board of Health, will visit Kyneton on the 10th it and we hope hi: presencawillleaSto something l» done by the local Health Committee to provide i the effectual draining of the town and the aba'.em: ol nuisances arising from stagnant water, in proximity to dwellings, Remaiieaele Case of Shooting.—Allrs Tei was admitted into Kyneton Hospital on the instant, suffering from a gnnshot wound rec the following rather singular manner. Mrs lew who is a young newly-married woman, Keep lonely refreshment hut on the back road to Bern at the corner of the tracks leading to , Kyneton. Her husband left early on in™ morning, with the intention of returning that e^j iorc ing, business calling him to Kyneton. o !~/T' and protection Mrs Tennent induced a uagn"™' Mrs D^rricott, to reside with her for the About nine o'clock at night Mrs Tennent dea go out to. the wood pile in order to replenish'^ and before unfastening the door, bid Mrs U& 1 draw out a loaded pistol from under the heani> sofa, and hold it up towards the door in ca=^ bushranger might be lurking about. Mrs uen rep-ied—"Oh never fear, if they make an appeal I'll shoot them." Mrs Tennent, seeing her m^j handle the weapon rather nervously, eaUedout . 1 how you hold it as it is on full cock." Mrs Derricott, woman-like, more nervous sun, the result was that the pistol went off, lod?n= large slugs in the upper part of Mrs Tcnnea* arm,-passing near to a main artery. The worn bandaged up ere tlie husband's return, but 1. * till she was brought to the Hospital ou s>una?. ^l her arm was found to be broken. Under tne s^ attendance of Dr Smith she is recovering a-« ably as can bs expected.' A Woman in Male Attire.—Ann Jones . cliarged at the City Police Court on Thursju by Constable Qray with being dressed in It appears that the prisoner lias, assumed uum for the last three years, and las been earaut ^ living in various hotels and eatinghousis as a The prisoner informed the police after sn arrested that she came from Adelaide three ago, and after she adopted the dress for the p ^ ^ ol getting employment she did not like rt, As there' was nothing against tlie prisoner s she was discharged.—Herald. Another^ states that for some time she acted i"' , t, private family nc.tr Wiiitilesea, a position wm 1 education, she was well fitted to fill. 