NEWS AND NOTES. The Wonga Wonga, branch steamer, with the June mails from Europe, arrived at Glenelg at six p.m. on Sunday, having made the passage from King George's Sound in ninety-seven hours. The P. and C. Company's steamer Northam left Galle on the 21st July, and arrived at King George's Sound at eleven o'clock a.m. on the 5th instant. The news had not been telegraphed at the time we went to press. We shall publish a second edition as soon as the news arrives. The new ground discovered at Mount Pleasant is situated at the south of the Wesleyan Church and not far from Belltopper Gully. Four men headed by Mr Gilliver have been prospecting in the locality for some time, and having sunk a shaft in a gully now known as Gilliver's, bottomed at thirty feet, and having driven nine feet in a southerly direction found the gutter dipping in a southerly direction from the shaft. The fruit of their labors was a nugget weighing 4 oz 5 dwt and a splendid sample of coarse gold. Having satisfied themselves as to the paying nature of the ground they got registered, and on Saturday were timbering the shaft and drive and preparing to land the washdirt. Six claims have now been taken up in the gully which has not been worked before. One party lower down than the prospectors have sunk their shaft to a depth of 30 feet without bottoming. Another party higher up is down some 18 feet and have not bottomed. On the top of the hill another party bottomed on the reef at a depth of four feet, but without any pros- pect of gold. The gutter struck by the prospectors is supposed to be a tributary of the Redan Lead run- ing into Belltopper Gully which has long since been worked out, and in which some rich deposits of gold were discovered some years ago. The extent of auriferous ground in the locality cannot be very great; and we do not expect any great results from the discovery. At the other side of the range some shallow ground has been discovered between the South Canadian Gully and Sailor's Gully, in proxi- mity to the cart-track. Here a man named Nelson and his sons sank a shaft and struck a small gutter, from which they washed 25 oz of gold. The ground in the vicinity was taken up and shafts sunk in the very cartway, but with very indifferent results. At least we could not hear of any persons save Nelson and Sons who were rewarded for their labor. The Koh-i-Noor Company paid £42 per share on Saturday for the fortnight, and shares are now quoted at £3400. This is a price which demonstrates the confidence of the shareholders in the permanent value of their property. The advocates of law reform may possibly find a text in an interpleader case heard on Saturday in the County Court. The judgment debtor had been trading as a femme sole, a widow, and, as convenience offered, as a married woman, her husband having been away from her for some years. She had given a bill of sale to the claimant, who, it was alleged, knew she was a married woman, and the execution creditor had obtained judgment against her husband in a wrong name. Under these circumstances, the judge ruled that the execution could not lie, but he refused to rule upon the claim or interpleader. Surely the law should not only give to judges a dis- cretionary power to decide whether or not a woman living apart from her husband has practically traded as a femme sole, but should reduce, especially in a colony like this, the term within which the absent husband is held to be master of his wife's property. The Defiance Company, Sebastopol paid a divi- dend at £20 per share on Saturday for the fortnight. The man Jenkins, hurt last week in the Victoria Company's claim, Clunes, is still alive, but the lower extremities are paralyzed, and there is but little hope of his recovery. A man called William Edwards got his hand jammed last Thursday between the crank and con- necting rod of the Clunes engine. Fortunately the driver, though much excited at the time from seeing the position the man was in, started the engine in the right direction and released him. Had the con- trary inclination been given the limb must have been torn off or the man killed. As it is two of the bones of the wrist are broken. The lower footbridge leading to North Clunes is very nearly finished, and seems, from the substantial manner in which it is built, capable of resisting future floods. Mr Francis McCulloch has returned the cross jack belonging to the valve of the Coghill's Creek dam. From his well known good character people are satis- fied that it was only taken under the impression that it formed part of the property of Mr Barker, the contractor, purchased a short time ago at a sale by Mr McCulloch. On Friday Messrs James Orr and Matthew McCul- loch examined and cleaned the fire engine purchased lately for the use of the Creswick Volunteer Fire Brigade. The engine is now in first-rate working order, and a public trial of its capacity will be made by the Brigades this afternoon. A rifle match will take place at the Ballarat butts, on Tuesday, at two o'clock pm, between Messrs Vannini and Jones, members of the B.V.R. The ranges are to be 200, 300, 500, 600, and 700 yards; five rounds at each distance. Mr James Gleeson, who professes to have a specific for the prevention of pleuro-pnenmonia, advertises his intention to be in attendance at the Carngham Com- mon for the purpose of attending to any quadrupedal patients that may be sent for his treatment. As "prevention is better than cure," we should say Mr Gleeson will have not a few chances offered him to prove the value of his specific. The man, William Jones, who was charged with stabbing Constable Madden at Taradale, has been committed for trial by the local Bench. Thanks were publicly given to the constable, but we hope that he will receive a more substantial reward for all he has suffered. A general meeting of the Smythesdale Volunteer Fire Brigade was held at Stoddarts Nugget Hotel, on Friday evening. Captain Hamilton occupied the chair. The secretary read the following communi- cations:- 1. From the Union Bank of Australia, stating that £5 would be paid in aid of the funds of the brigade. Moved by Mr Smith, seconded by Mr Veal, and carried-"That the letter be received, and acknowledged with thanks." It was moved by Mr Robertson, seconded by Mr Smith, and carried- "That the words two shillings monthly in rule 30 be altered to one shilling monthly, to take effect from the 1st July, 1863." It was moved by Mr Smith, seconded by Mr Price, and carried-"That in addition to rule 18 honorary members be admitted by paying the sum of one guinea yearly." Messrs R.H. Lock, J. McDonagh, J. Lynch, H. Wrathall, W. Train, and Dr Saenger, were elected honorary members subject to rule 18. It was moved by Mr Gie, seconded by Mr Robertson, and carried-"That Messrs James Band, James Bowers, and James Law- son be struck off the roll in accordance with rule 17." It was moved by Mr Robertson, seconded by Mr Dick, and carried-"That the meetings of the bri- gade be notified by the hoisting of flags, the Danish for business, and the Netherlands for practice." The secretary then submitted the balance sheet, showing that from various sources £87 3s had been received, and that after paying £33 3s for jumpers, £36 6s for hooks, ladders, &c.;, with other minor disbursements, a balance of £2 6s remained in the bands of the treasurer. On Saturday evening two Chinese were arrested by the police on the charge of stealing a pair of boots from the shop of Mr Halliday, in Sturt street. On Saturday a man named Speed was arrested by the detective police on a warrant, on the charge of stealing a cow belonging to Messrs Power, Ruther- ford, Ettershank and Co. A special meeting of the members of the Water Commission will be held this evening, in the offices, Sturt street, to consider the question as to the pro- posed loan in conjonction with the New Municipali- ties Act, and generally to consider and make order as to the best and quickest way of raising the said loan. At the District Police Court, on Saturday, a man named James Sheehan was committed for trial on the charge of stealing £6 and a few books from the Lancashire Hotel, Mopoke Gully. The rabbit coursing match announced for Thursday, at the Pioneer Hotel, Durham Lead, for a silver cup, did not take place, owing to the rabbits not having arrived in time; but the landlord did all in his power to amuse the people assembled. The principal event of the day was a match between Mr Cooper's horse Cornish George and Mr Ward's b h Paddy Monks, for £10. The former, ridden by Mr Commins, won by half a length. The Band of Hope Company, Little Ben- digo, on Saturday obtained 28 ounces of gold, the result of the week's crushing. The company is now driving for the lode from which some excellent stone was raised some time ago, and the men expect to reach the lode in a few days. Mr Rodier, J.P. attended at the Eastern Police Court on Saturday, and remanded two prisoners, viz., Patrick Phillips and Charles Johnston, one charged with stealing two tumblers, from the Rising Sun Hotel, and the other with obtaining board and lodging from Jas. Smith by false pretences. On and after to-day a reduction will be made in the freight of timber sent by the railway. Hitherto it has been the practice to count 50 cubic feet a ton, but in future 60 cubic feet will be allowed. As the freight per ton will remain the same, a reduction is consequently to be made in the cost of carriage. On Thursday and Friday, at the Prospectors' Arms, Staffordshire Reef, Dr Crossen held an in- quest on the body of John Crosbie, whose death, from the evidence and the verdict of the jury, re- sulted from injuries received by the accidental falling on him of a quantity of reef whilst working in the cutting of the Staffordshire Reef Quartz Mining Company's claim on the day of his death. From the evidence it appeared that the facing from which the earth fell and caused the death of the deceased had been inspected both by the deceased and other workmen just previous to its being worked and pro- nounced to be safe. The deceased had been engaged in boring for but a few minutes when the ground gave way, falling on the deceased and crushing the lower part of his body. Deceased was immediately removed to his lodgings and attended by Dr Toner, bnt expired in a few hours. Upon the post mortem examination it was discovered that the deceased had received such internal injuries as rendered his re- covery impossible. The newly erected horse and carriage bazaar, just completed for Mr Walter Craig, is, we believe, the most compact building of the kind in the colony. It was opened for the first time to the public on Satur- day last. The building has accommodation for fifty horses, in either close or loose boxes. It occu- pies two sides of a square, and from the entrance door to the extreme end measures 265 feet, and 52 feet in width. The walls are built of brick, and the roof is of galvanised iron ; and there is a row of windows on each side which admit sufficient light for every purpose. The building is well adapted for the purpose for which it was designed, and pos- sesses all the necessary accommodation. It cost about £2000, and was erected by Messrs Irving, Glover and Co., after a design by Mr Cuthbert. At the District Police Court, on Saturday, a res- pectable looking woman named Bond was charged with stealing £10 from a neighbor. The parties reside at Warrenheip. The evidence was not very conclusive, but the Bench committed her for trial, and took her husband's bail for her appearance. A meeting of the members of the Smythesdale Mechanics' Institute was held at La Motty's Court House Hotel, on Saturday evening. Mr J P. Hamil- ton, President of the Institute, occupied the chair. The meeting was called for the purpose of making arrangements to get rid of the building agreed to be purchased from Mr Whitpaine, and lately occu- pied as the office of The Grenville Advocate. After a long discussion, Mr Whitpaine agree to take the building and £15 in full of all demands against the Institute, with a forfeiture of the deposit paid. The success which has attended the spectral illu- sion business in London has either set Australian wits to work for the separate invention of this the latest and most singular attraction for the sight- loving public, or induced some one who knows how it is to be done, to proceed hither with the means and appliances. Judging from the terms of the an- nouncements in the metropolitan papers, that on the 25th instant, at the Royal Polytechnic Institute, will be exhibited "The Apparition of the Ghost, with an improvement of an important nature, imparting ad- ditional sensational effects," the process is the in- vention of a gentleman who has just arrived from England. The announcement further informs us that a patent has been taken out for it in all the Australian colonies; that any in- fringer thereof will be rigidly prosecuted; that managers of places of public amusement can enter into arrangements for the production of the ghost ; and the public "are cautioned against spurious ghosts got up by means of screens." This "patent" is in reality only an application for one, and the Attorney General has fixed the 10th of next month as a day for hearing objections, if any, to its grant. The applicants appear in Friday's Govern- ment Gazette as Edward Wollaston, chemist, Henry Beaufoy Merlin, artist, and Lewis Laurence Smith, medical practitioner, all of Melbourne, for a patent for "An invention for the production of phantoms and apparitions." The same number of the Gazette contains an application by Cyrus Mason and William Robert Martin, both of Melbourne, gentlemen, for a patent for "Improvements in the method of pro- ducing spectral illusions." A steady course of gymnastics, cold ablutions before breakfast, training for a "mill," deer stalking, and other things of that nature, help to preserve a man from effeminacy, but they are not all that is available for that valuable purpose. A course of driving a vehicle of any sort on either the Bullarook or Smythesdale roads just now, will answer just as well, and in some ulterior senses, better. On either road the difficulties and dangers of the transit have in them elements of sublimity. That they are de- cidedly "awful" is absolutely certain. There are abysses of mud here and there on either road which mortal man has never yet fathomed, but which are believed to be deep enough to engulph any ordinary travelling machine. That no person has yet perished in these wildernesses of infra-natural mud may be due to the fact that the victims of road boards, or empty treasuries, like drunkards, are under the pro- tection of a special providence. In any case, it is high time something was done to improve those execrable and really dangerous parts of the roads in question. There was a moderately good house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, considering the bad weather, but the audiences lately have been discouragingly small. On the night in question Verdi's opera, "Il Trovatore," was repeated, as also the farce, "Why did you die?" This evening Miss Harland takes her benefit, and the opera, "Norma," will be produced with an attractive cast, and will, no doubt, draw a good house; for the popularity both of the beneficiare and the opera can hardly fail in doing so, if there is any love of music and dramatic spectacle among the playgoers of Ballarat. Miss Harland will take the part of Norma, Miss Emma Howson that of Adelgisa, Mr Frank Howson that of Oroveso, and Mr John Howson that of Pollio, Miss Clelia Howson presiding at the pianoforte. The afterpiece of "Why did you die?'' will be repeated. Playgoers should bear in mind that this is announced to be the last week of opera this season at the Theatre, and opportunities now offering may not recur for some time to come. The Hamilton Spectator says;-"We regret to have to announce the death of Mr B. Austin, which took place at his residence, Kanawalla, on Wednesday last." The Argus says-"We have reason to believe that the vacancy in the Board of Education created by the death of Mr C. J. Griffith will be filled up by the appointment of Sir James Palmer." A Sydney telegram, dated Friday, published in the Argus, says-"We have five days' later from Nelson. The Avon steamer was fitted up with the cupola battery for the Waikato River, but the na- tives had blocked the passage with timber." The battle of the tolls, on the Raglan Road, still goes on. Mr Cuthbert being extinguished for the present as a seizable antagonist, Mr Gibbings, the livery-stable-keeper, who lets his vehicle to the com- batant now hors de combat, is now being regularly mulcted. He pays the toll regularly under protest to escape seizure of the vehicle, and thus the struggle is maintained. It is now rumored that the Road Board shows symptoms of retreating, and that the unfortunate tollkeeper it to be left to fight the battle alone as to the seizure, the plea alleged being that he has exceeded his instructions. People given to travelling that way will wait with some interest the issue of this well- contested fight. In spite of the ruin of the centre of the church by the recent catastrophe, the ornamental portion of the front of the Sturt street Presbyterian Church is being proceeded with. The filling in of the enrich- ments of the archway of the tower is now going on, and the completion of the still more elaborate orna- mention of the main doorway will follow. The following prisoners of the Crown have been discharged from the penal department:- Thomas Jones alias Beasley alias Randle, James Owens alias Collins alias Soapy, James Smith alias Howard. The following ticket-of-leave men have been re-arrested:- Thomas Lowrie, for being out of his district and having a supposed stolen horse in his possession, John Devereux, for obscene language in the street; and Joseph Elliott, for being illegally at large. The President of the Mechanics' Institute has re- ceived the following communication from Captain Bancroft:- "To the President of the Mechanics' Instit- tute.-Sir,-The Governor, having received (since his small present of books to the bazaar) a plaster cast by a young lady, a native of this colony, his Excel- lency thinks it an appropriate offering on the occa- sion, and begs that the Committee of Management will accept as a token of the interest he takes in the success of the bazaar. The Argus says- "Our Geelong correspondent informs us that Mr W. N. McCann has intimated his intention of prosecuting the proprietor and printers of the Geelong Chronicle for a libellous letter that appeared in that paper of Tuesday last, reflect- ing on Mr McCann's character." A man named Thomas McDonald, who was sen- tenced to two years' imprisonment in this town for burglary, has been discharged from the penal de- partment after serving less than 18 months of the sentence. The Police Gazette contains the following descrip- tion of Eliza Austin, who left her home at Plank road, Ballarat East, on the evening of 20th July. She is about 18 years of age, 5 feet 2 or 3 inches high, stout build, fair and freckled complection, small eyes, peculiar expression of countenance, fair hair, large head, round features, large forehead, heavy eye- brows, large mouth, short chin, two thumbs on one hand, large flat feet, slovenly gait and appearance, wore light stuff dress. It is feared the she has committed suicide. We (Herald) were shown, on Thursday evening, at the establishment of Messrs Robertson and Moffat, Great Bourke street, a specimen of the first blankets manufactured in the colony, and a grey coverlet made from the finest Victorian wool, by prisoners at the Pentridge Stockade. The fabric is of the best quality and beautifully soft. Connoisseurs in such matters have pronounced them to be first class, as regards texture and fineness. Once the proper machinery is imparted, these articles can be pro- duced at a much cheaper rate than at present, be- cause, owing to the want of teasles, the pile cannot be now raised. The size known to the trade is ten and three quarters. 