BRISBANE. A nal VAM. November 25 -Pioneer, schooner, from Newcastle, November 20 San Francisco, barque, from Hamburg, with immigrants; Urara (s.), ii our Sydney, Rhoderick Dhu, from Sydney. November 27. Benjamin Heape, barque, and Diamond, schooner, from Melbourne, Williams, steamer, from Sydney, Loss or THE SroHTij,o EAST-On Friday morning the boats belonging to the Sporting Lass, whaling brig, arrived in Brisbane, bringing the crew and Captain Bennett, the matter of the vessel. The following account of the loss of his vessel his been furnished to; us by Captain Bennett -The Sporting Lass, whaling brig, of Sydney, Bennett, master, left that port an, the 24th August, on a whaling crude to the South Pacific whaling grounds, She arrived at the Chesterfield Batik on the 11th day out, and remained there while whales were to be seen. On the 3rd November She left that place for the French Reefs, to the north-west of New Caledonia, and during the passage she had light winds from the west, veering round to the south-west, south south-west, south, and south-east, and afterwards light and variable winds, principally) from the south south-eastern the 4th November, at 4 30 pm she sighted an island bearing about north-north-west, about sixteen miles from the ship At 7 pm, in hill in the act of tacking the wind followed Theebine round, when the sheets were hauled aft and she stood on the vessel heading to the north-east and by north, and those bearing north-west, about twelve-mile distant. At 11.50 p.m. the look-out reported that he saw the bottom, and on sound- ing eel on. fathoms of water were found. No reefs or breakers were visible. The helm was ordered to be put down and the Trade, hauled aft, which was done and the v vessel then struck, but so lightly that it was not felt on board, and indeed it was not until the coral knolls were seen all round the JACOBI on looking over the side, that it became known that she was on shore At this time there was a strong current running to the north and west. Both pumps were rigged, and kept going , but as she was making a great deal of water, the port cable was veered out, and the brig was allowed to drift on to the cotter prong of the roof, as it was feared that she would sink before the provisions, &c;, could be secured At 1 a in. the w pier was over the bluober-toom, although the men were continually kept at the pumps, and at Jam. the bri; gradually settled down on the port side The whaleboats were then lowered and anchored clear of the vessel. An hour later a dingy was lowered, and got safely alongside the brig, which at this time was getting very uneasy, A few tools and other articles were taken into the boats, and as daylight broke an island was sighted from them as they lay at anchor, They then left the brig and made for the island, and on reaching it, it was found that it was occupied by the crew of the American whaler Hope, of New Bedford, which had been wrecked on the shoal on the 17th October. Captain Bennett and his crew landed on this isle, which was called Gifford's Island, on the 5th November, and camped there until they left for the Australian coast. On the following day three. boats were sent to the wreck to procure some boat planks and other necessaries to fit the boats out for the passage for Sydney, whither it was his intention to proceed. Everything was ready for sea on the 12th of November, but as the weather became unsettled, they did not leave Gilford's Island till flat on the 17th of the same month. They then made for Bennett's whaling station, which was reached at 7 p.m. on the same day. On the 19th, Captain Bennett, with a portion of his crew's city - one men in all, having left sev canteen coloured men on the Maid, left the station in three boats, in so many with four boats belonging to the Hope, containing the whole of her crew, numbering twenty-six with. These seven boats remained in company) till the evening of the 19th, when those belonging to the Hope were lost sight of, and were not again seen until after they had arrived in Brisbane One boat belonging to the Hope is still missing, and as we understand that she could not be considered in a seaworthy condition some fears are expressed for her. safety. She was in charge of the third mate, and had seven in r in her. Captain Bennett informs us that there is now it naturally on the island on which he left his seventeen men, b there is a distilling apparatus thereon which is rapid in On denting 115 gallons of water In fourteen hours -CWIM, VO vember 28. LOSS OF THE HOPE AT BAMPTON Snow -On Thnr liv morning about 8 o'clock, the master and portion of the crew of the American whaler Hope, arrived in Brisbane in their boats and reported the wreck of their vessel on Bampton and ii, on the 17th October last. The following particular.! him bom fin smashed to us by Captain Gifford, the master of the vessels American whaling ship, Hope, 300 tons register burthen. L S Gifford master, belonging to New Bedford, master from a. lady, on a two years' cruise, in July lost. She was tolerably sucessful in. taking whales up to the 17th October run, on which date she got stranded on Bampton Shoal The weather at the time was fine, and the disaster was solely owing to an error of nearly forty miles in the position of the shoal, as laid down on Captain Gifford's chart. From the time of the wreck to the 30th October, the ship's company were engaged in securing provisions, stores, and other articles from the ship by means of the boats, These they can veyed to an island near the scene of the disaster. Subsequently from the 30th October to the Olli November, the crowweroom played in repairing the boats, to render them fit for the passage to the Australian coast The party were ready to leave the Island on the 6th November, but during the ten following days, to the Hill, such hear) weather prevailed Um it was deemed imprudent to put to sea At daylight on the morning of the 18th November a brig was seen an the reef about NX miles distant from the Island, which was occupied by the master and crew of the Hope. The crew were after wards seen to abandon the brig, and come towards the Island in the hours, when it was ascertained that the vessel was the Sporting Lass, whaling brig, of Sydna), Bennett, master. Captain ten unit, as our readers will remember, was cost away some few months ago at the same place. In tliesehooner Princess Denmark from the remains of which he constructed a smaller vessel called the Hamlet's Ghost, and in which he made his way to Brisbane The crew of the Sporting Lass saved nothing from their vessel except what was taken into the boats when leaving her, and she soon afterwards became a total wreck, 'The two ships' companies remained together on the island for two days after the room! wreck, and on the 30th November the entire crew of the Hope left the show in the four boats which belonged to her, and in company with five boats containing the crew of the Sporting Lass, The whole of the nine boats remained in together until the evening of the truth, when Captain Gibson! lost child of the Uro boats belonging to Captain Bennett, also of one of his own, which was in charge of the third mate. The three now remaining continued their course without further accident, and on the morning of the 11th instant, at three o'clock, they made Cape Moreton light. They reached Brisbane about eight o'clock yesterday morning, all in good health and spirits.' It is supposed that those missing boats have proceeded on to Sydney, Hoeing Captain Bennett's intention to go thither without first putting into brisbane and as far as we can learn there are no apprehensions to be felt respecting their safety. Respecting the vessel French, we learn that she has been absent from New Bedford about six years on her present voyage with her cargo on board, as at present lying on the shoal, she is valued at 70,000 dollars. Captain Gifford is a heavy loser, and in all probability has lost the earnings of many years' toil. The vessel was, so far as we can learn, uninsured, The greater part of the crew which land here have already shipped on board of the Rockhampton, Black Ball ship, which is about to proceed (to Callao. The remainder will, we believe, with Captain Gifford, leave charabanc for sydney to-morrow In the Urara. We understand that it is the invention of Captain CiDed to till the wreck on his arrival in Sydney, CVeinVr, 