QUEENSLAND, VTB ha r« Brisbane papera to the 88¡h November, The following ÍB from the Courier ? The municipal election baa been the exciting topic of i the week. Meetinaa of rattpayera and speeches of car. I dilates bave afforded pabulum to newspapers sod quid nnnes, and amnsement and excitement to the general pablic Thursday waa polling day, wbfn, strangtly enough, not more than one- fourth of the rntepaytrs on tbe roll availed of ibe b¿llo : but tbat there waa a con sidtrible agreement of opinion amongBt tbem is evi- denced by the faot that (be aldermen sleot.bave been ! retained by very high mjarities over the «OEUCOtbeful j candidates, Metsrs. Aithur Martin, A. J. Hockinge, and W. Biookes, are the gentlemen elected, in the order io which tbey are here named. A publio meeting was convened on Thursday evening; to comider the best moana of eolleotirg Ibe food st 111 rrquned ts enable the building of ibu new Sobool of Ain, Brisbane, to be et once proceeded with ; but owing to the paucity of ittendance (be principal business was postponed. Several influential gentlemen w re cr-sent at the time appointer1, and Ibe pioocpdings were formally i itiitcd by (he Mayor. From the report of tbe com- mittee ol tbe School of Arts, wbioh has been published, it appears tbat tha whole amount subscribed by tbe oitizens does not exoeed JEÖOO. TO entitle tbe in.titn tioo io tb« £1000 promiaed by the Government, and voted by Parliament, for the new bui'dlng, sn oquol umouat m nut be laised by private subscription. Sorely another JÜSZO will be oontrlbuted by our fellow-towns- men to seoare for Brisbane a respeatable ball to meet in, and one worthy of the title of a vu rk of ait. The unwelcome news of two wrcoka on Bampton Shoal baa been received in Brisbane, this week. The first waa the American wbalrr Hope, Captain Gifford ;. ibe staond tte Spurling Lias, of Sydney, Captain Bennett, alto on a whaling siuise. It ia lemarkable (hit Captain Bennott WOB forme ly a anffcier by ship wn ok on tbo Bampton She al. His vessel, the Piince of Denmark, WBB lost there a few montha ago j ond from , ber remainB he built another vessel, tbe Hamlet'» Ghost, in whiob he and hiB Clew carne to BrlBbme. Captain G ffard and the greater part of his Bhfp'a company arrived here ia tbeir boats, on Thursday morotai. ; ona boat, vieta seven men on board, in obarge of the third mate, parted company at sea, on the night of the 13th insianl, and it is sapposed, took a ocurso for Sydney, where, we hops, she will arriva in tafety, We regrot, aowever, to leam that the boat was not in good condition, and there ia some fear that she may have suffered oat ni ty. Captain Bannett and all his Bhip'a company on i ved to-day. During the week there baa been a Conference of tbe representativos of the soveral Presbyterian bodicaof tbia oolony to consummate a union under the title of ibe Presbyterian Gauroa of Viotoria, npon the basis agreed tu by tbe Conference held here in July last. Tbe union «a« sa itfaotorily consummated, and tho formóla duly subscribed. Subsequently a Synod was elected, with the Bev. S. WilBon BB moderator, and st their sittings all mattera rela iog to ohnroh prcoodure, extenaicn of mia Binns, and others of impottanoe were arranged. A vary lively oiioket match was played yoBterday b (Ween eleven of the paBBengers by ibe immigrant ship Fiery Star and elevrn ef " all Brisbane " selcoted from ths Brisbane ond Viotoria Clubs. The Icoal team were t-miuently aoooeaslul, and aohievod on eseeodenoy over . tie new laminarles whiob the latter, aa tbe oballengera, oould bardi; hove anticipated. All Britbme ftcored, ia tbe first and only innings, 100 runs; ogaicBt 103 acorod in two innings by t> e Fiery Star. Au tolipse"oi the mojn'wiB observed ia Briabane on the eveoing of the 9B>b instant. In tbe local almanacs it «a« announoed to lake place on the 91tb. The Primitive Methodist body baa aojeplei a oonlraot for the builoing of anew ohoroh In Hookbampton. Two new quartz roeta have been strook on the Talk Do «ti 8 gok-flolas. Xbeaooou-tj from the oopper mines are favourable-. Tbe tonn of Bowen, Pjrt Denison, fasB no secure look-up ; and, consequently, Henderá against the law are abaiaed up forfaeourity. The neo-fslty of resorting to this bit borons moue of securing t ff niters ia deaeiv edly condemned; and it should be removod as soon sa ¡io .eible. Mr. Bouroicault, editor and proprietor of the No the n d gus, has bad oocaBlon to display his profioienoy in the art of eelf-defenOB, art appeals from a grapbio report furnished by the Rockhampton Bulletin, ol a personal | teooutro between that gun tu man and Mi. Morrissett. A S.'ivonta' Home, long a desideratum, boB been es- tablished in Brisbane. At an influential meeting of ladies und gentlemen held on WednoBdoy laat, in ihs Municipal Cjanoll Chamber?, the rulea of the new in «motion were adopted, and oommiiteea appointed to diri'ot and superintend ita workiog, A vrry distressing a'jild murder ia reported fiona Toowoomba. The guilty parly ia a young servant woman named Grubb, who is now in custody, but too ill for the ooroner'a ii q-iest to proceed. Mrr. Penigrew and Miss Twine were thrown out of n buggy while oriving on Wfak'ham-terraoe, on Tuesday last, and the' young lady sustained a fraoiure of the lett arm. Mrs. Pettigrew waa also moah shaken, Mr. James Smith, ox-leasea ol the Soutb Ferry, waa summoned before the Polioa Court for an infringement of the munioipat regulation?, In plying for hire on tho river with tbe Bteamer Premier, and carrying passengers to and from South Brisbane. Owing to an informality, ibe lalotmation waa dismissed. Fur.bcr litigation in thla mater has baen initiated. ' Tho first draft of the Queensland Co-operative Soaiety has looatad on the banks of the Mary Btver, where tbey intend to carry on cotton cultivation. The- accounts of the wheat orops in tbo Warwick iM trict are far from enooureging. The ruBt is making havoo on some of tho farmB. In tbo neighbourhood of rooweomba the att urpillar baa appeared on tbo culti- vated lands. Tue otkket match between the Driabano and Viotoria I Clubs wos oono'uded on Saturday lost. The old eelah Imbed o'ub, witb the local title, won with eight wickets to apxre Government have invited tandora for the conatrnotion of twenty mileaof lallwoy- Irom Ipswich to the Little Liverpool Bango. Publio attention ia earnestly dircotod to tho neaacsily of establishing an agricultural Booloty for tbo Brisbane) and Bast al on ton distuot. Eleven arioktlera of Sydney have sont a ohaliengo to play sixteen of Brisbane, and a matob is likely to re ault. _ 