THE " silly aeasou " of colonial jouroalism having arrived, our Melbourne contempocasting about, far and wide, for Politics are flat •« diteh wattfr. No p»rliculnr pretest jirt'si'iits itself for the vituperation of public men; there is nothing more to be said in praiw or dispr.iige of the late Governor, and it i* too early to <• picking big successor to pieces. So that there is a ^real dearth of themes for leading articles. It n of no u»e jirobiug and prodding the c ilmial public ou the subject of the discarded Lsnd Bill: for the public does not care two straws about it. Au orator wb < ehotild mount the stump in the Eastern Market. Melbourne, and take for hie test the Land Law, would be laughed at, instead of listened to. CoUingwooi is silent, and Uie ghost of the old convention has ceased to walk. People are begioing to discover that Aread'as cannot be created by Aete of Parliament, well- intentioned, and that you "scatter plenty o'er a smiling land" bv tbe mere circumstance of making land clieap asd accessible. Agitaiioa on the subject is dead, and sa honest administration of the eiisting law, peading a return to auction, its likely to satisfy all parties and to offer every facility for settlement. Bat a prowl is raised against the novel industry clauses of Mr. Duffy's Act; and tbe objections raised ar,- startling- ludicrous. Leases under these clauses have been taken up, in a few instance*, by moneyed men, who are expending their capital freely in their thirty acre allotment®. Among others, Messrs. Loader and Francis have become Lessees; and, as the ease ia put ia a rein of pleasant irony, by • correspondent of oue of our Melbourne contempowies:— "One of these industrial monster* " spent tlw in fencing, has trenched about 20 acres of land, at £20 an acre, and has entered into arrangements for planting and cultivation, which involves (tie need of many permanent Ub fers. Not satisfied with these ereesse*. he has gone the "length of building a cottaga 'in cold ' blood,' and actuaiJy proposes occasionally to live ID it. Rumor stat«a, that together with his family, he is carnivorous as well as graminivorous, and that it is probable that tbe unhappy butcher, baker, and storekeeper of Sunbury will be his first victims, if he can only find them. I am " told that over a huudred men are emin the district by tbese industrial "allottees, and that little short of 200j of vines will be planted, and possibly *' 50 cottages built, unless same repressive measures are speedily adopted. Vet this utilization of the waste lands of the colony h absolutely condemned by correspondents of, and writers for, the Mel- - bourne press! Tne fact is almost incredible, but a fact it is. Our own opinion of these novel Industry L -as-'s is well known. We regard them as the most valuable feature of Kir. Duffy's Land Act; and we are convinced that they will prow, in the long run, a fruitful source of wealth and prosperity to this country ; because they tend to concentrate capital upon the cultivation of small areas, many of which will yield as much profit per acre a* could be derived from tue tillage of a small farm. If a tnan wishes to bequeath a fortune to hi* family, hy the judicious employment of bu own surplus labor and surplus earnings, he could scarcely do sa wore certainly than by stockiDjf twenty or thirty acres of good bod with vines, roulberry trees, olives, walnuts, filberts, or orchard trees generally. Every year adds to their value; and tne returns, seven or ten years hence, will be such as to place the owners in a condition of independence. lite ei tracts cited above will show what is being done at Sunbury, and, we believe, in other parts of the colony. Large sums are being reproductive!}' eipendod on the culture and improvement of small areas, with great advantage to the neighborhood, and with every prospect of a highly remunerative return to those who hare embarked their capita] in this way. Under a similar system (as regards tbe concentration of capital upon small plots of land), Belgium has become one of tbe most prosperous countries in Europe, and support* (if our memory does not deceive us,) a larger population to tbe square mile than any of the European States. Where suitable situations present themselves, we should be glad to see villages established, oomposed of these thirty-acre lessees, and of those whoso labor they employ,—villages which will hereafter, perhaps, be as picturesque as those which are embowered amidst tbe orchards of Kent, or tbe olire gardens of Tuscany. It is not the least of tbe recommendations of tbe Novel Industry clauses of the Land Ad of 1862, that those who avail themselves of the facilities they offer, can scarcely fail to beoome permanent settler* in the colony, and that is no small grin. 