JSTOB» BY8TMMLAKD HKO1S (Abridged from the Globe, Jam 19.) Dinnbe to Mu. K- It. Tommies. _ Tnpsdnv evening a puuuc uumc. wo 6'™* ?' if «K S In Wills' Boom*, by a number of gn *, ^interested in the Australian coloiaeB, in iocos ? ? n of his Birviccs in introducing ihe -system of '-.ttrii E lit'.es to land which now goes by his nam», wfi I iw been the meani of cheapening the cost of * ..i tioi 6 uf ealo or mottgnge of land. In additi m *' fni imm connected with Australia there Were «- FJ1 personal friends of Mr. Torrcns besides 'JiTthc rtedful modifications, a system which hsd »nd bmcfici»l in a country where the compa:n r W small value of the land and the necessity for Ik arowthof the community of the rapid occupa ? of liitheito uncultivated districts made siidi vstim of vital necessity, and rendered it* first f .Trtiiction tbeie. instead of in a ir.ore advanced IT the wore natural. Sir Richard Graves Mao '''I r U. presided, and there were present : — Sir Juries Nichoiron, Bart. ; Sir Daniel Cooper, Hart. ; IKrbirlM Cliffy. SirR. Hill, K.C.B., Sir H. Hol Kt, Sir II. E. V. Young, Mr. Wentworih, Sel M.'ore. Colonel Freelmg, Colonel Gawltr, r Sain Baeot. and Messrs. T. M. Torrens, E. Hamil P E VilBun, G. S. Walters, F. A. Du Croz., James l?.i I il'Leren, — Andtrson, G. A. Austens, J. A. K'l W A- Bioadiibb, A. Hay, H. T. Jo.dau, A. i .«*nce T. M'Combie, L. Mackinnon, J. Peter, \V. & J.'Benkinc. J. Kidley, J. Taylor, B. J. Trim Z'l W'inga c, W. Paxt-in, C. Ii. Bbden, C. N. Cot - D.lgetT. J- Anderson, T. M. Mackery, T. ffii. A- L- E'lJeri G' Hu!1« T- ***? B' Levi- ~ sireood 1'. Maurice, J. Storr, B. Jamieson, — Haruld, if)' n'ctiut, J. Mouison, W. Bryden, &c.; Alter dinner the fallowing letters of apology were _..„ by the choiimen. \ii. : — ' ' (From Sir Hugh Cairns.) 79, Eaton-place, V/., June IS, ISM. vt near Blr Rictawd Mao Donnell,— I am much fluttered by the inflation whic* you have been eo good as toeonvej to nils to be voa at tbe dinner to be given to Mr. Torrcna, at Willia' '^?ret 'itau'aB I go *?- Oxford in too afternoon, it will be out r™? win to avail myclf of lue invitation. l «d wll acquainted with the great debt of gratitude which the ivurali«n colonies owe to Mr. Torrcns for bis scrriMa In con iilua »Hh the introduction Into tho colonies of a sate, »iini)le, JijUpcdilioUB mode of transferring real property, and I should Sire bra very glad to liave hud an opportunity of Icjtif ring niy ?dmiralion ol '.me earnest, practical, and persevering manner hTbicli he conducted to u triamphant conclusion, against SsUclM of no ordinary character. Ins groat legal reforms. ° I am. dcur Bir, yours, faithfullr, II. II. CiHBHB. Sii-ISictard Mac Donnell, C.n. /Fiom Mr. Chichesier Fortcscue, Under Secretary of State for the Colonies ) June 10, 1883. Bir— I have tbc honour to acknowledge your kind iuritation ?n bcball of ibe committee for a public dinner to Mr. Torrens, of loulb Australia, and I regret much that mjr engagements will iiike it iu'liofbiblf for mo to have the pleasure of accepting it. 1 ilould mhiTwIae bavc been happy to have joined in tbls recoj tilion »f the (treat ecrvicM conferred by Mr. Torrcns upon the Auira un °- ™|J2tta ionout („ be your faithful servant, C. Foutescue. [From Mr. Spencer Follett, Q.C., Registrar under the ? Land* Transfer Act.) Lands Hcgiitry, 31, Lincoln's Inn-fields, London, T7. C, June IS, 18G3. gir ? i am much obliged to tbe committee for the hononr of their iiiviiution to join tbe parly held to recognise Mr. Torrens' eminent services, and 1 regret exceedingly that a previous engage ment prcvculs my nccepting the invitation you have been good enough to send me, jt vould have given me rery great plessure to hare been able to be present on the occasion, bccauBe I entirely agree in the object of the meeting, and concur vith the gentlemen attending il in apfreciating Mr. Torrens' very eminent Beivices in eim iiilyiiE and amending the laws rclatine to real property, not only 'n ibe colmitp, but also in this country, where the influence of liseuemtful example is being duly felt. 1 have tbo honour to be your most obedient servant, B. Spekcbh Foiikt. Lettirs of apology were also read from the following 2 eMlctbcn :_ Mr. II. Childers, M.P., Sir. Hobert Jirtoks, M.r., Lord Overstone, Sir F. Kogerj, Lard Taumon, and Sir Charles Cooper (formerly Chief Justice tf South Austrelia), cxpreseing their regret that previous engagements prevented their being pnstnt. Thetoast8of 'the Queen' and 'the Prince and Priacees of Wales and the rest of the Eoyal Family ' we then drunk with all the honours. The chair Kan, in proposing the toast of 'The Queen,' re marked that in all that wide empire, on which the sun -ever sets, there was no place where this toast -vaa more cordially responded to thin in Australia — Ihe Queen had no more loyal subjects than the Australian coloniste : a i cmark which called forth great applause. The Chairman nest proposed the toast of tbe even ing — ' The Health of Mr. llobprt Richard Torren6.' (Loud cheers.) Sir Kichard MacDonnell remarked that as to many leading colonists fiom all pans of AuEtnliti were present, and as he saw near him Colonel Gawler and Sir Henry Young, two gentlemen vho had preceded himself in the government of South Aiisiralii. he. wished to explain, that he presumed the only icoton why he had been selected to preside on that interesting occasion, was the fact of his having conduct* d the administration, of the Government of South Australia during the period of Mr. Torrens' prolonged exertions to mature and pass this measure for facilitating tbe transfer of real property. He counted it a fortunate circumstance that he hid been enabled lo afford by the weight of his position, and othcrwUp, much effec.ite support to Mr. Torrens, and therefore he had at once accepted the office of chair nan. It was part of his duty to bring before them the \arioub letters cf apology above referral to, received irom frit lids to Mr. Torrcns and his Act, whose other engagements prevented their attendance. In doing so te might tptcully allude to one or two. The position of Mr. Sptncer Follett, as connected with the It-gistry under the Lord Chancellor's recent bill, gave great might to his words. No testimony, however, was so tclislactorr as that borne by Sir Hugh Cairns — (fear, hear,) — to the value of filr. Torrens'e exertions. In dating ihi& he would remind them that the mem bers of the It g»l profession at Adelaide, who were of course opposed to a [measure which could only be economical to the public by diminishing the fees and jirohts, which the ' close mystery ' of the Bar there had previously derived from the conveyancing '-bad laid btfore Sir Hugh Cairns and Mr. Thrupp accpy tf Mr. Toncns' nucasure, when not quite so feilict as now, and had received from them an opinion, which pointed out some objectionable pro visions. That opinion of Sir Hugh Cairns had been caiefully considered by a commission appointed by limscli (Sir Richard MocDonnell) in February, ISC 1, cf which cimtLibtiou the leading members were Sir Charlf6 Cooper, late Chief Justice of South Australia, and Mr. Hanson, the piesent Chief Justice of that colony. Some of the suggestions of Sir Hugh Cairns lad been tecommended for adoption by that commis sion, and are now incorporated with Mr. Torrens' fceasme. Under these circumstances they would easily understand that no man at the English bar had snjoytd more detailed opportunities thin Sir Hugh Cairns of studying the j^riuciples of Mr. Torrens' Act ; whilst certainly there was no lawyer of higher cffiiueictin England, either for character or learning. (Hear, hear ) It was most satisfactory, therefore, to receive in in i.im such conclusive testimony to the Talue and success of Mr. Tcrrens' present measure. W court e it would be quite out of place at a eocial re naion like that to cnttr into technical- details of the merits of Mr. To.rcus' system. He might, however, otaervo that its extreme simplicity formed its chief ttait, It was a successful attempt to make land as easy of traatfer as chattels, or as money in. the funds, uy adopting, as in dealings with the funds end with toippiig, a 6-6tcm. of registry, and whenever any ] transfer took place issuing a fresh title, which was in atfeasible, and therefore precluded all necessity of I looking beyond that title. If a man had a hundred I acres of land, and on examination of his title it was ' approved and put under the Act, as it was called, he - jot a ceitificute of title for that land, describing it by | a plan in the margin ; and that certificate was i in exact duplicate of a similar one bound ' 'P in the office of the Registrar-General. If he tola nf y acres out of his 100 acres, the pur- I «»aser gut a fresh title for that fifty. If he borrowed ; money on hiB land, a memorandum to that effect was | tnoorscd on r-iB certificate. If Re held the laud as 'UBtee, a memorandum referring to the deed, declar ™B the trus-s and deposited in the registry, was en dorsed on tbe certiBcaie, if either the beneficiaire or we person vetting the property in the truetiieB re ?h lt- ^° raan conld commit a fraud, for a pur- j ''.sersaw st once by examining such a certiBcaie the I raact nature of the title of the vendor. 1I-? could re «' ma moment to the original of the certificate in the 'entry, and need never to look to anything behind nw y5ore thBn»man here need look behind a bank auv' if woul(i not attempt to go further into the »«.*: en- but he might Bay, that probably in no tnT-F ?)'?' Mr' I'oH-ens' Act more effective than in «e facihtiee it afforded for raising money on land, J .memorandum on the certificate of title giving all SLf0?''* now effected by the complicated and ^pensive system of mortgages end transfer of the til. °?'n?MniP- He did not pretend in the T-™ci- ToW he Be'»™ to dam for hw friend, Mr. farm mI 6reat originality. On the contrary, Mr. e»nKJ»' r en obJ«rtions ?were raised as to the practi Sittr?.0' 'PP^B the measure to Ireland, wns the «K?!t'nVntthat the principle had already been BUshcd for oenturieg in many parts of the con tinent. It was quite enough t'i cUim f--r Mr. l'urr im tbe great meiii of oii^inali'y in cxt-mplify!nR tie nechnniEmhy which the principle was carried nut. (Hear, licur.) Of whut usf would it 1) ? lo 'aniali-c a pi ople by t-oiiiting tn enme heory perfect -mt inap;i'i cablef It war in ennbli'ig all to bcnefii. by it -in biirgirg it easily yilhin thr reach of ail in tile eviry (Isy-uaneaciiint (if bu-inct-» — in pcr-evring agiinst pu ftetioi.al and inti- rieicd oppo-iiiou — in imbuing a Lcnple «itb a krowliflge 11 what, if explained y nthcrs, would probably hnvc faled tj .in terest ihtm — in expanding time, health, mid tmrgy in a cause to which lie devoud lam elf with bn onrnei-tnesB and cntUu-iasm wnich rallied round him theyiomanrr and landowners of the pro vince — in th-s mid in the pluck and umhatcd exeni mi which he made from nn apparently rioprterg cutn mM'ocment to a triumphant c inclusion — Mr. Torrens' ic«l claims -n thiir gra'itudc rest. (Liud cries ot he--r.) — It vat fortunate, a'i-0, th.t Mr. Torrcns was lomiectid v.i^h South Aust'.ili , i r tho*e whn hive dealings wMi land — wl.c'lier mere land-jobbers or tarmi rs— tre mobt in-preetcd in the success of » system intei.di-d tu facilitate thtir transactions. His dillicultv, thtielbre, in paii ingproscl\tcs kss much dininu^hei* by ron.mctiiing in a province where the proportion of l.-it-d enck P(d and tilled to the population was f-reat r thbn in any in her p'.rt ' f the woild ; and tUiti, although mil mi i-crehud been tilled or a nut bull u; thp colony twinty-six years ngo. (Hear, hear.) Tito populaticn cf Hou'h Auxtrulia cannot ai this nn mint exceed 140,(100, though p;oba-ly 600,000 acrea ate in actual cultivaion, bting more than thrte and a half acres to each individual — man, worn in, a:.d child. (Hear, he r ) No wonder, therefore, Unit although Mr. Ttriti.s' bill didnjt become luv till 1858, more than two millions worth of lml in that oi ccdony Imve been ainndy brought under the Act, whilst the number of applications and trana: tions undir it already exceed 10,000. (Hear, heir.) Since then it has been adopted end become law in tho other Australian colonies— in Queensland in 18G0 in Tasmania in 1801, iii Victoiia in 1802, and in Now South Wnles in January of the prtssnt year j buiug the first great n ensure which nil those import inc colonies hhve voluntarily j lined in adopting. (H'ar, bear.) Extensive, however, is the influence of Mr, TurrenB las been in Australia, it is graiifymgto lcbrn from en authority like Mr. Spencer Follett, ihrt his influence in legal reform is b=ing dally felt here. (Ilctr, hear ) Possibly there may be objections raised to the mother country borrowing any part of its legislation from its dietiiit dependencies. Yet New South Wales had abolished imprisonment for debt lorg before such a me.isure was cnri-.diu England. Australians were told thut it waa against the principles ol English law to hypothecate or mort gage the wool growing on a flock, and ytt the Act for giving a lien on wool (now much improved) was, passed in Ktw South Wnles, a-.d by enabling, in the terrible season of 1844-45, owner* of flocks to raise money and tide ovtr a difficult crisis, so as to carry on their stations, in- le.-.d of telling their sheep, «s many did, at 2f. Cd. per Lead, num. rous vuluable propertied were saved, and men who would otherwise have been ruined are now weel'by and independent So it should alwajB be; fi.r where the difficulties to be overcome are the growth of human prejudice and human legislation, it is turtly competent for human wisdom und human legislation to remove them. In tricaciis of law, dead forms, and complicated, but vn crable tnomslics, ere not like ihuuder, or lith* niug, or dr^ugtit and tempe.t — acts of bod, RLd, therefore, removed bejond our. Sphere of action. (Hear.) If they c»n saftly 'do for a few shillings, and in a tew hours or days, what formerly cost many pounds, and occupied nuny weeks and months, why should they not adapt our laws to eo desirable an object ? (Cheers.) it had be,«n said at a meeting in Irclind, ih.it his friend's system could not woik in an o!d country like this. Now tven if, for argument's sake, they were to adinit the truth of tuch a statement, he would ask what bt tter fif Id could there be £ r f uch a refi rm than was iS-rded in the case of all those properties in Ireland which have passed through the Encu i.birc d and Keil Estates Courts in Ireland ? Since 1848, he had been told by the highest authority, that ubaut thirtj-six. millions worth of land, or one-fixth of the land in all Ireland in value, and one-iourih in extent, had passed through those courts, with indefeasible titles t3 tbc purchasers, whilst no adequate precautions have been taken to keep those titles clear, and make them easy of transfer. Nuw why should not Mr. Torrens' measure be applicable to that pan of Irelar.d, for so far »b those lands were concerned it might be said that they are, as it were, in tha' respect, » n'.w country. (Hear, hear.) He could only tay that in all such Cbscs the sooner some lefirm was commenced the better, for he quite agresd wi'h the lastBenteace of the report prestnud t- him hy the coinrni.-siouers whom hepppointed in 18G1 to inquire into tne w ik ing of Mr. 'lorrens' Act. They viry uropsrly say that ' to delay reform until we ur.- nfisnn r! that the' mea sure is to perfect as to satisfy alike a'l the needs of the present, and all the requirements of tne future, would be a course fa'islac oiy to tho-e oily who are d- bircus that no reform should be effected.' The chair men then, turning to Mr. Trrrene, wished him, in the name of the companv, all health and hippines3, w luther Australia could still hope to benefit by his labours or whether his sei vices were to be transferred to another sphere, and concluded hy proposing Mb health. (Loud chetrs.) Mr. Torrens was warmly cheered on risirg, and after the epplause, which continued for some minutes, had subsided, he assured the meeting that he never so completely realised bow embarrassing it waste sitsnd hear cne's own praises. That he knew of uo other position so embarrassing unless it were tha'. which he then experienced in the consciousness of inability to express the feelings excited by the »ddrtss of his friend Sir Kichard Macllonne'l. lie desired tu be permitted at once to escepe from that position, and in his turn to pay u tribute of thankfulness where it w,-,s most .iuitiy due, for it would ill become him to airogate to himself all the credit of spreading the great work uf law reform so rapidly throughout the Australian colorii-f . If, as the chbirman eaid, he (Mr. Torrens) had spared no labour, and yielded to no opposition fiom whatever quarter emanating, still he did not stand alone or unsupported in that conflict. If the Vte~t throughout the colonies had not freely and fairir opened their columns to bot*i Bides for discussion of that question his individual efforts would have be.-n unavailing to indoctrinate the public mind, and the problem, 'How land may be transteirad, charged, and dea't with as saftly, as rapidly, and as tcoti/mi cally;as props rty in-hipping or in thp fHnds,' -vuu':d still have remained unsulved. With the prees he must connect the name of the Hon. Anthony Foster, who from the first, whether from the editorial chair or in his place in the Legislative Council, lad taken a most prominent part ; nor should the name of the Hon. James Bat row be ooii'ted, who, it he came a little later ii.to the field, most ably and zealously seconded his brother editor, and in his position in tht Ciuocil and as member of the Commission of Inqjiiv to which the Chairman had advi rted, rendered effective service to the cause. The press throughout the colonies had exhibited the sirne libfial spirit. The Melbourne Argus and Sydney Morn, ing Herald might be named as having from their grea'er circulation a wider influence, if indeed it would not be invidious to name any when all equally deserved acknowledgment for good service rendered. It was not to the Picsb alone that his (Mr. Torrens') acknowledgments were due. He could never rec3l ?without pride the honourable confidence with which the members of both Houefs of the South Australian jrorliament relied upon his leadership during the con flict which ensued upon the iniroduc'ict: of thenvra sure. In the prrsons of his fiiende, Colonel Frceling and the Hon. Captnin Bagot, he was happy to recog nise that evening two of iIicm; who in the Legislative Council had lendtred good service to the cause on a critic?! occasion, and in Mr. Alexander Hay, who was Blf o present, a consistent supporter of the cause in the Assciiihly. Ti- the Executive of South Auetraiia his thasks were also due, and especially to the chairman as head of that executive, f-r Sir Eiiharil M'Donnell's legal education had qualified him to judge of tte soundness of that measure, and that judgment once nausne.J, he had afforded every aid and countenance cons:s'.ent with his position as her Majesty's representative. He must also acknowledge his indebtedness to ih» pn sent Chief Justice of South Australia; for although Mr. Hanson, when Attorney-General, had opposed him st first with all the strength of his trained and powerful intellect, he had nevertheless, afterwards, when con. vinced of the expediency and practicability of the measure, faithfully and cordially aided him and placed at hip disposal nil that was necessary in the way of funds to bring the experiment to successful ibtue, and as a member of the Commission of Inquiry had made some most valuable suggestions, which were now embodied in the Registration of Titles Acts throughout Australia. But it -would be ungrateful were he to omit mention of that body to which he was moBt of all indebted for the rapid progress with which conviction gained upon the public mind. He alluded to the liar of South Australia, for he hid re ceived assurances from many of the most intelligent end wealthy proprietors of land in that colony that they became converts to the system not from any arguments of his (Mr. Torrens'), but from finding 1 the argument on the other side of the combined learn ir-fi ol the ijitu-u ])nrto be nltoap her frivoeu* mill fuili'. (Knughicr aul cJh.cih ) Tli isc converts t» the (ystoiu ti c'urci that the cause must Indiedbe sound »Kftintt which the acumen of t''O entire Uar, barked by ii poitii n nf tlie llo.cli, Mill stiuiula'cil by |irofiM urnal ii.tcrc-ti- Mid professional pndilociins, could Iring nu uvjcrtirr.s ottitr than upon the »nprojiria*.e ne-s of ci ruin word', and liy denying the powcrof the L-gs':itmi: to puss t'ic obnoxious mpi-S'ire, of tint of thr GoTirnor to assent to it in her Mnjn-ty's nmnp, or tint m lier Mujb'jt to confirm the ussent so givi-n, hut fiiling «o «.»Iucc any atg ment alfcrt mg liilnr (--? f.xpidici,,T or pra ticnbili y nf thiisvtHn. (Loii-l(lifccrf ) His fMr. 'lorren-') in t-eltr(li,cf6 tn inemlicrs cf the legal profusion, in t'ic oilirr Au»tr..]iun col'iiU-a vat, however, of a totally dif;-rrnt character. He tliprs ricognis d ihe bish-r nndrobi'i spirit which in characteristic of iiir Eng lish bar. The Alt rMe.--(j,;Lernl of Qiiioiid'and was the fiist tn .-'ppreciatc tbe aivant-ges which the weiitTfc vns nalisiii' for S.uth Australia, aid lo 6' licit his eid in intriduciug it in'o that rising tolonr. He wns hnpj.y \c, ►,.y th»t the bill whicii he had i roriiMl. in np'y to that rcqu'st, had pa-sed into law with little uudiuca'ion, and was now practically the onlj law ol'convtyancir.j,' «f rrol propers ill that mist fluurishing sclltiiieiit. 'Ill-; S.'liu'or-Gfinrjl of fa? tnutiia I nd tc'iunlly wpsr.ited him-i-lf n-t onlyfniu lit pr. f'estional tuppirte.s, but aUo from his min iti-;MBl t. llpngur.fi, upju tli's quost'un, and, ia opi-nsitioii to tlie AKorncy-Gtnerul, and the irti of tVe Ministiy, lud cmricil throuijli 111\. lloute of As en.bly a bill drafed by him (Mr. Tomis) np]il\\)rg his system to t'.f- ?iicunis'ances of t'mt i-lar.d. Ik' ccu'd not omit to u in i .n tUe aasist tucv run ived tiuin Sir Hmry Yuunp, liis fjriner chief, whom K wos tiv- ppy Ij see near him tint night, and at «hosu «llg{;o^tioll1 ami under whose auspices us ihnhaiiii, he had first introduced his system to the notke of tht people of Tasmania. Aihoughthat s\ mm hari ret bein brought oul in the laimblc forji rf u bill during S'r Henry's administration of the Govcn,jiicnt . f .Soh'.Ii ^uetnlia, it iicie.theles'i hid bem tVesu'jccldf fiequentdi;cuetion, and fjund an cnineElstipp t'.vr in Si- Henry, whose cxp.-rience of the working i.f the l)u*ch law uf trensf r ?,{ re il pro perty in olhi-r culoniib bad sit'slitd hi -.i of the iu f riority of the English tysUm of cOEveyancing. Tlie Tasmriiii:m picprittore, proverbial for hospital .ly, had piven him a heany rcccptiuii, and hid lc:rmed 'theai bs1v- 6 intti an Dtbouiation fur the sptcid of inform ition ujon tliiti quis'iun, ^nd the influence ot'tlut sveiety litd tern lull r.ot oily in Tasinuvu, bu: also in the otl or raknies While ergniibini; hi) nsstem in Tas nidnin lie received a mmnioiis from Mr. Cowper, the Colonial 8=eac:«rj of New Soutl! Walts, to give evi dti ce htf'oic a select commi'.tee cf the Assembly appointed to consider a niciibure upi-n a tomenhit sinilar piinciple vh'ch hail been prepand by the l'j:al numbers cf the admii. is ration. Uu that com mit'-'C thcic were three prolecsional men, and the AttriH.ry.liiEPriil vas a.'so present, advising the ch:iiini5n ; und nflcr a most searching cxamiu&tiin;, nl.ichocdJj.ieda week, and fills a fair sized blue look, Mi. (''wjicr announced to the mombtrs that with the mlvicc and coricurrence of the Attornoy (iniral hcntii\d the Government bi'l, and in lieu tic. oof snls ituted the araft I ill endoned by him (Mr. Tiiidi:-), as the Attoincy-Gemr-.l— io common with ewy trinnber of iliat c.mmit'tc, save one — wjs of opinion t:.at Wr. Tcrrens had ( st iblifhcd th? s-upoicr illicacy of l.i* sjs'cm, had adduceJ objccti'.ns u^.inst the Government inoa^ure wl.iih could i o'. be answered, and had com plitrly icl:uit(d the o\i'.ctiocs brought agiinst Lib cwr.. 8u- h a htst-'mer.; was i:o ICjS honourable to ih.; Atti- rrcy-G-ne:al than complim-i.'ary to himeelt. That bill i::sfi.d the Now Soutli Wales Asitmbly ahntt w'lii icn'aniatiai, at:d xith a few verbal an«udo:ei.tf pa-hid through the Council, of which, his frimd, '.he Hon. Mr. Wentworth, who he waa happy tn sie -in ),i= rgh htnd, was their president Mr. \Vcntv rth, bimstlt a Uw reformer, had introduced a meneurt ' Tlie Pi durable Lien on Wool Act,' which, lil.. hi.- .mil Ktal J'r/.p.-i!)- Act, had been adopted by nil 'he cohni- s, arid was very bcnrfici.l. The Legis lature of Viaoria had erea btfore that of South Auitrali- thown iwrlf alive to the necessity of j-et icg lid cf t! e nntiquated, costly, ar,d tedious complex':t;e« if E'gl sh ionviy:ncir,p.' Twotileet csmmiiteisB of the Xi'gbliiiti- Council had eat upon this question, ar.d CTl'ecttd a mass uf evidence. The Hou. Mr JiCorabic, «ho was present that evening sis a rcprffeuiative tf Victoria, hid iulroduccd a mcas'ire tc amend lhai!a-v. Sub-fqu.'n'.ly his friend, the Hci . Mr. Crippin, brought l^rwanHn the ^ulne House a treneerpt i,f the South Australian Act, and though neither of these measures pa-s: d Into Uw the ditcussuii of thfm hsd prt)n;i\d the pub:i. mind lor tho rectption tf !? »?* s; -t m cf c-onv- yuncii.g by r:gii traticm ol' utl. . He eoUd not rccaU his visit to ilcl bouiue \\\iii,oi«t a pio'^d mid grateful t% membranes of tin uvLiidc-nce: r'puicd in aim by ihe uic-mberi of ihe VictoriiUi Ltgi. 1-tiitc, 'o niOft of w);o.n lie Wis known only by reputation. Tin- Joxul inembr-rK of tne Ad iiiin Mrn-ion, !ltv Attcniey-tttticral sijd ti.e- JliLisrfr cf Jii'-titr, after failiiif; jn thtiv t-r.deav urs tt burk ?In bill embodying bis STr-i.in by ra'sin^ tcchi'iial quis jinifa d' foim, t'ticnif tod to tlvrOA- it over by v.iaiv:«g the Hcu o k?e()irg up r. crjss fire ur.OTl the iinj ? rtunt quts ion whttlc-r the penultimate letter of tl.t word ciicuuibrnncei should be ' t' or 'o' 'lHugliitr), tnd when nViout tuhour and a half was .^u^tt(l toiiiicg tliis shuttlecock between t!i!»-: tfirned n.-n.bir.=, Mr. Service, who had charge of tlis bill, nii.-redic sftll the word v;th 'z' if t'.iry pleased, s.-.i as tV.py wouid aim?.- i;e House' tu pro \--i . d Mithbi biiifti. 'J'hi; leaJing mi inhere from Minis Mial Un'.hes, av M;il p.s from the Opposition, ]ur «ci-.ing t-.e rtaiia-uvre, ilie-hre'd. thi'ir determination i:ot tobip.-rateuclil tlity hiiJ p.^sed tLe hi:, thr.. ugh til i't fUyc. ;-;i.i.crs.) ' The f~-uveninicnt vn let; i'i ii {Ji'iiiuLfc m!r.o:;ty of iVr-p, cor.butiug uf tha Chief Piiicipi.V m.d tl.e :-.v-i ia .?. ufiicere, and'we cannot L-e m. 1 riiitti i. iheianc 1%-x uthcerf, hrving to dige.t a iccii1 liri; thus tiirmt down their Croats, impede i'.s -'pci ation ly a'l these meii-p n-'ji-.h official obstruetiv. - ii'-!F oar f : easily i'in]-:oy. Ih. intelligent people of \'i-fi-ui, o. se'ivin;; th- o.slliiiets and t'.rdy pv,:tp&.-i i;i llrnt eni.iry u( a liie'ituio wHch works so (heaply nv.il cxftuj.w.-ualj: ilscwkcrf, will n.'. bu tlu-.y ti jier tciM' tbc caucf in the ui; willing-.: ^s- ; f ihi- f.ivs-:ut A'tinify-Gciiiial ti give effjct to tiij wili'of the Ltp.^iuture and of U.o i-t'l'-1'. snd av:11 Ucu.i.hag ; fi ?-' t''c usual ic-mnly. Jiii fjicnJ Siv Clinics Clil'.onJ, vho occupied tl.e \:u ?. t-ii .i', rc:r:s.n i.ig Hi.' (uiOLy o- J\\-\v /e'l'iul, i .id ulr':r.r.tJ f,r 1 im lie' piivile'jji uf e.\ijl..iii ::?£* uis .-j:U':h ;u the m- mli'.ri' f.f the i o-nni.'l h: gU'uvjri. ia die Cr.imbcr of the- Lep* 'irivc Asfcinllj-, if «iiii ?.. ^' (^ir Caailjs) v.if at t' i liiiit fii-uVcr, :-.i,-; bo \v s iiup.-y tj liani fn.m I.im ilmi tin juiciilep cl t.u.t. sjsii.in wore fully ictogiiiti il ill ;ha: ni'iMt:.ni - ulot.y. With a ciuec s? Einii.d, ti'.d fupj'ov!'i- sn fir;-, uud' e'' abl'1, itwasut -uipii'iur/ 'hat ht bad. -..uae'.iit'tl, tv.-i tii.-.1. 'hs bills drafted by Mb YmA vrcr--. the luw ilir'nigii-iut tlio Ai;st:o);au cli.iif.. .':; hail hrcn ??Ji.-riui '-?; :1k chniinian. U-coulu* r.ol .jlaiiii the nurit of beinjj; ihj titp. to j:ive to the; w-r'd ilic idta -i . ? uveyi.neit.g by wgistruvtin of rit';.-i', insomuch ck the nu.'plc of the Htr se 1viv. ce, ol 1'ivistia, m.d of li^varia, lor p.riods \aijiog lrom 1'iii tn GOu yuius, hnd becnenj .Mug the hem ti!i? ot th.'i i-ystea, 'aWiough lie (Mr. IVrirns) was nil uwaie of that fict unti1 afcer his till 1 a'l Icon some tiui' in opcra-i.n ; neither uti'.ld !-r rlaim 'iiiyihlna; en the Boon; ot m-tuul oiigirnlit/ ul' ihiiu^.i. T:-..; uuth wa--, a-.d he- w.sjjnppv io'..or.f:S5 it, !.?; )i':d nit -:x auiaeity t'-ii-k hi:- l'elluw culor.jn*' '.« ri.'k thtii- dearest pos sciiicn-- i:fsi.an ur.tricd syacin. All ;.e ]ul done v ??:* to apnly to the trr.iistur :.f ?piOjuily in lani '.hose iiictl-odx with which, J!i lit ultci.il lapaciiy a^ CiIIl'c toi of Customs, lie hj L I1.).- yvtn been fauiilirir, as a). lilted i j property in rlii;;;%ini--. .md wnich h» knew to be at suli; a-, iht-y we it! u on .'uictl ar.d ex^edi'ious. Time woulu not admit ol his (,otn^ iiiio any Jeiailed ixjilnmr.ior. ofl'.is Bjsttin cm that uucaiLn, ntitlier ?was thtv- niuil. occniicn ^fiir r.i- de-iiig so, as most o£ 1 is luartre woe practic.illy aiqua']ited with its [.rin iipl--, lithcr us fij plied to the- ii laiids in Australia cr their fclrppingprp]!1.'. ty in thii- cuuntry. AVhcnever the ownership cf the fir-elitlil wns changed, whether upon tr.-iiifir »ir tiin.sii,itsici!, th* ixi'ting ce-tifiuatc of 'itlp w.:b cani'illed, and s .'iihii enc ii-6uei, u dujlicate ff which was bound up in .In; l'.c|£'tter- livoli, and whoiuva- a men giiui «i; cicntrd or iltstrojed, it was notified by niemoi i-.l en the ivrtiticau* of title rcpres'-nting the ownership of the Imulcliarfrei!, ju&t; :is wa; d..r.e unJer Ihe Shipping Aci with tlie ship's regist-r. The clibiiinun had a retcly liivui ilicm tome statis.ics of the progress cf the measure ; he would add a very sig nin'Cknt ftct. In tl:e Sydney, Hobart Town,' and Mher Australian )!cwspapi.if, tvccivcil by recent nnils, he noticed several udveitiKemcnts from savings' banks, loan eocittics, and capita'.iits, some to the effect that preference would be given to tecurities where the title wbb under Torrrns' Act ; othc-is that no advances would be made except upon securities under that Act. (Cheers.) Any commentary upon this would bj superfluous. Nothing could be more satisfactory or more gratifying than to hear hU work commented upon in the terms it had been by such men as Mr. Follett and Sir Hugh Cairns in the letters which had been read by the Chairman. The opinions of men of such eminence in the profession would suffice to give an assuring warranty to the system, even if it bad not already stood the test of in tn-l i J|iiinieni. (Ohferf.) Having alluded to the hostility i f the lepnl profession in South AU'ttalii, he would take- advantage of the nppnminity afforded by th- p'c-iuch of so many influential gentlemen con luctcd wrh thr c-lniies to iolcit t cir aid in a rr.it or of pnscnt and very urgent importance. It wus full time '.lu position of nntagou sin which had ari.cn betwern tl.e liench and the Legisla'ure in Scuth Aumalii fliould bo put n htup 'o, for nothing nioicBdvn.se to the will-biing uf that c imu.uniW lou'dbi- iuinginfri. He trusted th&t; no one wou'd belli ve him --ap-.b e of advocating any measure cvlcu loti d 1 1 imt air the dignity or diminish the leimimate ci tiBiitutii nal povMr of tVe ll'iicb. He rcgirdrd the Iknch ns the only Et.ble rortion of t.urcolonisl Insli tutiot s ; in d it imist lie n.nintuii c-1 in its digni y and j ligitinate uu hniity If vie are to have ju-tke sd miiiistirtd -r libirty preserved. (Cheer?.) But with thctcsintimrntB lie bold Out the best way to secure tbe ]Jtn-h in tli 'it in si ion in wlich all deslr-d to ice it, md in wl ich tlone it could discharge its alliin Jiortmt fuiictiins, wes to prescribe char and well defined comtitutitnal limits to its jurisdiction. (Ch- err.) All prcn-nt weioa*are that p riionaifthe t-outh Autral'an liench, — not, however, including cither the lute nr the ]iri sent Chief Ju«tice,— claimed tn look bchii.d en Act i f 'lie C»l- nial Farligme-nt and 1 ncl examined tic ofliccis of that Pailiament t) nsi-crmin whether all prescribed ib;mnlitHs had been ob: crv( d in j assing an Ac thruugh its feveral stages, anr. prcunlii^ it to the Governtr for ilic royal assent. Kai, O! c ol tht Judgfs had presumed to encroach upon tlie preiotativu of the fir.^ estate, and pro nounced ' n Act i f l'arlinmolit invalid on the pica that i:i i is (he Judge's) opinion, her Majesty's tcpresenta tivc I ad mibiii'tiprctcd ordisohi-ycd the royal instruc tions in nsscmiiig to the bill in her Mijc-ty's name 'J hit could not bt tolerated. (Loud chcert.) ITc did know simething of constitutional law, and without fear of cmtradiction dared to aulrni that in this proceeding Mr. Justice Boothby had over st- pped tr.c lin its of his jurisdiction. (Hear, hour.) ThijEe preseiit were also aware of the colli«ion between thr Beruli vrd the Lfgis'aturcupon the delicate ques tion of iho light of the Bench t) determine whot con stituti d n pufiiiacy to the liritish l«w — -uch as would invnlidutc- nn Act of the local Parliament asullravircs. Intotlic infii 8 of that question he bad no desire to iiiM, and there wps no occasion to do to. Heeimply t ffi i nit d tli at it was indispensable for the wtllbe-ing of t1 c community that this Etnte of an'agonisni betwixt the Bench and the Legislature should promptly be put a Mop to, and that ntver could be accomplished except by tlie remove! of these deliCHta questions , from t):i local to the Imperial tribunal (Cheers.) ^ It cGUld only be accomplished by an Act of the Iropnial Parliament absolutely concluding the Judges to acopt i nd ndministiT, os the law ot the land, (very imprint of an Act published upon authority by the Guvtiniccn' printer, and certified by the clerks ol Pailiament (loud and continued cheers). Questions if repugnancy to the law of England and other con stitutional limitations to the legislative powers of the local Parliament migV.t be raised on appeal and sub Diitbd io the arbitrament of the only tribunal com petent to deal with them without inducing such col lisior.s a? htd tbktn place. He referred to the ' Ju dicial C mn,ittee of tie Privy Council' (chcfrc). To all ?wlio ' bjtctL'd to this curtailment of the jurisdiction claimed liy the South Au-tralim Judges he would f ay, lha' trlO^e Judges had shown themselves totilly in conif/tTciit to deal with such questions, and 'their niccdlirg with them had induced a disastrous collis ion with the legislature. Expediency, thertfore, if ret actual l eccs6ity, dictated the removal of the juiisdic inn in su-h cases, to an Imperial tribunal. 'We Ci-nntit by Act of Parliament endoiv acolonijl judge » iti. -omuien sense, neithtr can we expand the mind o! tlie nine special pleadir to c^inprchend the greii'. princijjlcs or'c- nstitutional law. (Chens.) V-'i- can, fcow.vir, bj Act of Pailiimi nt, transfer tlios^ !;iglier qurEtiiris to U,e ImperiBl tribunal, thus rem .ing the grout- (.6 of disjute and rcstuiing that harmony be iwcin the Ilinch and the Legislature which ii (ff-cutial to iho well-being of fociety. (Chuers.) Wl at va» the case of South Australia to- day might he; iliat cf ano-her colony to-morrow ; he therefur* in vited co- opcraticn, not federation. One of the argu inciits in favour of ftdctation was the establishment ofa Cenimon Court of Appeals. But there was no n-aterii.l in Australia, nay, he would say in the whole world, for c;,r.6!ruct:ng such a Court aa the Judicial dnmit'ee of the l'livy Council. After the rcccgnilim which Ills teivices had received in lie tliuiiV.b of Parliament, from so miny indc I un'.iiit Leui-luturcF, and from the people of A^ralia, this furLer acknowledgment by his brother ceilonists residmt in England was nioi-; than ho could iu lctiton have ixf tcted. It »as most grateful to his feelings, bi d would stimulate him to ptrsevtrancc in t::c carter wlich he wes pursuing. The chairman had ixpltir.cd tht favourable position of Irish esta'.es l\\.r the ( peia:i'iri of systtm i f ' Tramfer by Registra tion of Ti'ii,' md I ewas glad to inform them he hid only ihe -isj before received from the printer the cor rcc.l(d ]-r of of his bill for applying ihnt system to IicOar.d, ard wa= not riihout ho;e tnat it might yet he his piiTilsge to introduce into tlie land of his birth a mi tiuri. which had bemso fruitful of benefit to tlie li.r.d e-fhit adop'.fou. Mr. Tomns tut duwn amidst loud and longcon limi'd applause. Sir Rowland Hill proposed ' the PiospErity of the Australian cohuieV coupling the t.ast with the nan-i- of Mr. W. C. Win1. north. (Cheers.) Mr. AVcntwc'rih in reply, after expressing his con cunci.cr wi h n.uch ll:at Jiud been said regirding the I its i.t and pas-t frosperity of the Austrjlian colonies, auili-on.i.liiiuuting Sir. Torreus on intcodueiug his iii!a-uic, wlieh addid another clement of suceeap, fxi'ossrd hip rogiet that he could not take such a Initi.t view ol'tl.e Australian luture ashaH been taken. He- thoi-ght thr.t in the constitution of South Austra ni,BGOit-d as a n odtl by oher colonies, and in the frariir.t of which lit regrit'cd having had a hand, tin re was p. fatal vice that had permitted the intro dtclio); rf um'Tcr.-al fuffrape, by «hich iht pjTmnid of society had been inverted, the ignjr.tnt end lover dd'rs tf society put out of their right poMtlon, the bate of society becoming iiB ajies, &i.d; the populace the Government; and education, wealth, »r.d sation put a-idc. His ODly co: solati n wes thai, trough he had a hand in fram ii g U.t- coi stitutitn, he was not i cs|jonsible for th? ?vies it c- 1 1: in:d, v. hich had been introduced by the I'oiieiitiilion being tanipc-rt-d with by me Government lure, i nd ctr.a'n i f its provuions tl'.cred btfore is re c-fived her Maji Et- '► assent. ^irC'lirrl'sCiifi.-rd proposed ' the Health of the Oier.f, 'r.cluding these Ladies who had favoured them vith tlicir companj,' and en the part of New JCoalaud paid his tiibute of recognition for services rtaine-rdi b- Mr. Torrcns. fii Hi my Young, on behalf of the guest6 and ' the J.m'itp,' rjiliid iu a very humourous i-nd happy upti'fh, wl.ii-li was rfciived with loud cheeis, Si- Clihil-s Nicholson propped ' the Health of the Cl.nif n fr,' t xprc.«s:ng a licp.' tiiat his gicat ajminis triiiM? abiities would not be lost to tne country, but wcul-' ho rmplnyi -1 cither at home or in some of our dtpi-i-di-ncie*. (Ulici rr.) fc-,r li, Mm- Dor.mll in returning thanks took cctsa n'rii t.'- i-l»--rt to fonjc remarks ff Mr. Wcntworth, ar.d orsDvid that f.T himseli he looked forward with crcai cenfidence of the future of our Australian eol-.i:i(i-, and that i'. was a mistake to suppose, because iiiaiilioi-dMiffiage existed in most of them, that there viib nut a vny stropg conservative element there. Hicn.t cl :-nges in the e-h-ctoral system in Victoria cor l-uboi atr d t! is opinion, and the fact that in South Auatali* n measure proposing to give additional votes to htildcis of i ropcrty was only lost in the House of Ash nibly 'y b minority -f one, showed that a large lodj of ilic- colonials were quite alive to the necessity of giving incuascd stability to that legitimate freedom vhie-h they enjuyi d, hy 'diininishing the risk of its degtreibiii g ir.to license. (Huar, hear). A Soldiejit-y Am»Uf-s — Uefv-re the action ha'l, begun, mid whilbt liis nun were [UU in column, C'iimibcll had tpoken to his brigade a few words — words tipple, and, fur the most part, work manlike, ytt touched with the fire of watlike ici.tiincu' : 'Now, men, you arc going into action, llcmeuiberthis : Whoever is -wounded — I don't care wiiot I. is rank in — whoever is wounded must lie where lie ftllr till tl.c bandsmen come to attend to him. No ????I .it rr must go carrying off wounded men. If any so,dier d' cs such a thing, liis nurae shall be stuck up in I is jnrish church. Don't be in a hurry about tiling. Your tfliceis will tell you when it is time to optn fire. He steady. Keep silence. Tiro low. Now, nun (those who knew the old soldier can tell how liit voice would falter while bis features were kindling) rnw, mm, 'he enny will watch us. Hake mo pn.uil of the Highland Urigadc.' — Kinglake's In vasion of the Crimta. During 1862 there have been 20,001 persons com mitted for trial in England, 06G0 in Ireland, and 3G30 in Scotland. Of these, 7S1G had been acquitted, and 21,601 wire convicted; and 39G2 of these were sen tenced lo various trains of penal servitude. Several Italian Roman Catholic priests left South ompton in the Tcutonia on the 7th on their -way to Cufifotnfe. They assisted in the performance of divine seivice at St. Joseph's Catholic Church, in that town, on SuiuUy forenoon. One of them, a grand vicar, preached t- sermon in excellent English. Tue ]:kv. Dn. Caihd ok Novri. Up./u-iNa. — ^The sixth lecture of the seiios fo the Glasgow Yeung Ucn'p (Jhr btinn Association was delivered on Monday witk hy Dr, Caird, tf Perk Church The lecture— 'IV:'; and Fiction; their uses '—« a? en eloquent me. Af:er giving as his main ohjeotim to nuvcl readirK that it was too plenoant, the Doctor paid, ' It is a painful bathos to a sentimental youth to pass from » gl ing vithlton.co to serving out tea and sugar to old wnncii over a countei — fiom fancying himself a knight in b'aikmail rushing like a storm, onhistival in tre lints, and shoutrng ' Destfechado to the rescue ! ' to feline himself a junicr clerk or a man of business, whose holiest function is to be familiar with the price of pip- iion, the tare on tallow, or the drawb ck on nun anei inolnssfs. It is auiar.Lngly more easy lor a loiigt/id, fc- hle-minded fine lady to lie all Die morn ing on a sofa, in a flutter of shun sentiment over the preternatural amiabilities and laek-a-daisical sorrows of Paul Don.beyor Little Nill, than to get up and t»ach her tiwn rial live tliild to spell b, u, double f buff; just in the fame way, if we di-f cend irom the drawing-room to the kitchen, Bitty the cook or Mary thclioutcmtid, in those days of the march of intellect, dn niB it n.obt aggraviitirg to her feelings to be torn away by the summons; eff-e bell from ihe loves of that' fiitcinating bandit chief, or be forced by an npprooching ttcp to thovc the ' Corsair's Uridc,' or ' '1 lie Sorrows tf a Forsaken One,' under a rlus'er, and begin to clean knives and scour saucepans.' Tun Atlantic TiiLiaiMFii.— The directors of this company, in their annual report, state that the en during iiiteicst which they coctinue to ftel in this undertaking, and their con6dcucc, after five yea's' experience aid examination, that it can be effectually carried out, have induced tlein to advance from their piivate resuurces dming tho pist year such Burns as h»\e been necessary in order to keep intact the valuable privileges and concessions of the company, and to provide o'her expenses incidental to the cfioitH nuw satisfactorily pngrsss^ig towards ob trining the subscriptiuu of a new capital, Tho Ktter consist* of a maxioium nominal amount of £000,000, divided into shales of £5 each. It is guaranteed 8 per cent, per annum hy the liritish Go vernment on the completion and during the working of the oible. The Uo-rd bilicve that the £000,000 guaiantecd by the Govi rnment will be in excets of the sum actually needed ti nuke and lay a suitable c ible. They have used and are continuing to use their be?t exertions to obliin tubscriptionp, ch:erly by piiva'e applications to eminent banking, mercantile, and shipping firms in London, Liverpool, and other places. Jltcinga have been held in Liverpool, Manchester, and Sluflield, et which the chairman of the company ex plained the circuinstav,cc8 atttndniit upon the scien tific success of the first great experiment in tele graphing across the Atlantic, the causes of tne subse quent failure through iajpcifect manufacture and management, and the reasons which have convinced the directois that a proper and well manufactured cable can be readily md pprniBiiently laid, by the ob ecivtnce if ordinary watchfulness and enre through out tbe various stegts of its construction and sub met sion. Tl.c cfl'urtsof the directors and their friends have up to this time l-etultcd in obtaining subsctip tions fiom persons of the very highest commercial standing at.d nspons-.bility for an cmount ex cetding £200,000. So scon as the subscrip tions reach £300,000 the allotment will be made, and a dt posit of £1 per share will be called for, as tlready stated. When this is accomplished the dircctrrs feel the fullest confidence that even if ati additional amrunt be eventually required, to make up the costot manufacturing and submerging a Buitible cubit, it will te readily provided for. The direcors have thought it desirable to strengthen their potition by inviting the assistance of other gentlemen of in ? fluencc Rsmcmbire of the35oard, sndaccoidingly they have, with the conrciit of the filluwiog gentlemen, elected them members of tlie direction, viz. :— Sir Snuuel Cunard, Sir William Brown, and Mr. Edward Cropper. The capital account shows that £474,226 had been expended, leaving a balance iu hand of £G15.— Timtt, March 18. AsTnoNOMY or the Invisihi.e. — A few months ago M. Levetrcr informed the Acsdcmie des Sciences that we should have to augment our estimate of the earth's hues by one-tenth, or diminish by one-tenth the mass of the sun ; his reason being that otherwise no explana tion c uld be cflcicd of certain observed perturbations in our orbit, lor himself, he inclined to the augmen talitnuf the enrth, and lliis in the shspeof a ring of ai:i oli'os', tl: : .ii.nloKUf of Saturn's ring. M. Foucault sbiitly rftir .:rrived at adiflcient conclusion. Iu tw foimir r. umbei 6 of this Magazine ^ve gave an account of his important discovery that the velocity cf Li^l.t is lews than was supposed— a discovery which must alter almi st ell astronomical calculation?, and ninong thorn that tf the distance of the euu from the ctiitii, and the weight «f the sun itself. The distance buir^ thus diminiihtd by a thimeih, the weight is diminishtd by a tenth. Is it nut piquant to rcrleet that by the pioptrty of an imponderable, the wtight of a niglity planet may be deteimined. -\ hether the wiightof the caithorthe sun be altered, i?not iui pitsei.t object. Why are we to conclude the cxistt-r ce of important facts merely because slight pcitubci-...;. i!s ore observed in the oibit of a planet ? It is i'ic of the triumphs of Science to foresee;— not simply to sic unbr ru consequences, but to atsert the vision pf invisible existence. Bcssel is tbe creator of the cEtronomy of ihe invisible ; and the creation pro misee to be fruitful. He wus occupied vith Sirius — tl at sun which is incomparably larger than our own, which in ancient days burned with a brilliant red, and in our da; s is admired for its brilliant while. Bcsstrl, ctnipi ring the observations rcei rded during a hundred yearb with those of the constellations Tauru6, Orion, and the Twins, noticed a certain movement of oscilla tion peculiar to Sinus. From this he boldly con e-ludfd that Siiius was subject to the gravitating inQu ? nce of t large mass of invisible matter, probably a plt-.r.ct. The planet could not be Been wi'.h the nake-d eye, iior with the best telescope. But Science saw it, and would peisist in teeing it, should its light never n sell our globe. To some more cautious minds this conclusion teemed very hazardous. Even Hutcboldt jested wi'h Hessel atout his planetary ghosts. A. dis ciple, however, Ptters, whose faith is creditable, cal culated the oibit of this invisible planet, vthich he found to be a very elongated ellipse, with an annual movement of seven degrees, and a revolution of thirty jcarp. The distance of this tatt llite fiom Sirius was estimated at a few seconds. la 18G2 an American asuorionier, Mr. Alvan Claik, was blessed with the fiisl sight uf this hitherto unseen planet ; and ita dis tance was found to be ten seconds. Such remarkable conCrim.tion of abstract prevision naturally excited great rejoicing. Since then others bavu teen the linnet, and its existence has become a vulgar fact. A second discovery of a similar kind is announced by Auncrs of Kiinisbi rg. Procyon, the principal star in the constellation of the Little Dog, is said by him t) have a satellite with an annual movement of ii'nc digues, and a revolution of thirty years. Its dis unce IB only two seconds. Doubtless we shall hear i.f many such discoveries, liat one suffices to exhibit the ]-n cision and extent of nweep which the methods of modern science admiU — Cornltill. Andiiew Maiivi'.l'm Hovse at Uiohg ate.— Andrew Mnrttl was one of the purest and noblest patriots that over lived. Any one may utr that bj' a single glance at his house. It is small and poor, just as au honest patriot's is sure to be. Over the way, as we have seen, is the house of a daring republican general and .sonin law of the as daring l'rotector : men who, in helping tluir country, took care to help themselves. Just above it stood the house of the Eerl of Arundcl ; and an e&rl; has naturally a big house. Just below Marvel's, and en the same side, flood and stands the bouse of the Earl of Lauderdale, in Marvel's time one uf the crudest and most rapacious scoundrels that a dcb&uchcd; king could fct to fleece his unfortunate subjects. This man, loo, must have a great house and grounds ; but Andrew Marvel was neither a revolu tioii.-uy general not a common-place earl, nor a great Government harpy ; he was only a patriot, and thore ibie he had inly a little half- wuoden tenement, such ae — there it is ! You enn look at it, and take note whbt sort of a hnuee an honest mun and a patriot may expect.— William Iloicitt in the Vial. Eni'Ohcino ArA.cciNATioN. — There ia before the House of Commons a Government Bill, extending only to Scotland, proposing that after February next a schoolmaster or schoolmistress Bhall be liable to a penalty for receiving into a school a child under four teen without a medical certificate of its having been vaccinated. There is to be a penalty, also, upon any one who shall receive into hiB' or her employment or service a young person under eighteen without such a certificate. Every prisoner and every person admitted to parochial relief is to be vaccinated as Boon as pos sible aftir odnusBion to such relief or imprisonment, unleBS the Eutgeon is satisfied that such person has been vaccinated or has had smallpox, — Times, June 9. Death of Mn. John Sidebottou. — Mr. J. Side bottom, cotton- ppinner and manufacturer, at Broad bottom, near Mancheater, and at one time resident at Aston Hall, ncsr Sheffield, has died suddenly. Mr. Sidebottom began life with afortune of about £300,000, and was at one time well-known in the Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire, and Lincolnshire hunting fields. Some years ago his name was brought rather pro. ruinently .before the public in connection with legal proceedings against him in London for the recovery of large iusib on I.O.TJ.s, for gambling transactions. — Manchtster Examiner. Ohsbevatiowb okEahlt M*bbu.oe«.— Those ear nest and practical mor lists who, having seen a souroe of rational Mi'ocblcment and degradation in the gr» duMly widening proportions of the noci d evil, hare essajed to cluck it, point justly ti e.rly m»irj»ee»»J . oneienifriy. In a valuable aricle on me midnight mission, a cont mp or-trj returns* to this imporUnt sutvji c'. l'uhlic opinion needs to be turned in thii dircciion; and if t-omeshatc of t-calt-n:ion bestowed on it by taily legislut -r» and philosophers were now onccmoic aroui- ed, a step wnu d betaken toward! he alii g tliif canrer i.f our ciT-li-ation. AristotU, Sn tbe eighth book of his ' Poli'iis,' elavorate)y dis cusscb the qucttion of bep, and fixes the tctm within wl.iih fta'es men should etjoin, and beyond whiuk they should foibid, marriage. Eight) en he name) u the fit age fir the fcmaUs and twenty seven for tha male sex, In Rorr.e, vi'-i'UR and dcbieed us it waf, the Lrx Poppa'a prihibtcd from mnrriagc m- n of sixtj- and wiin en -f fift). On the other hand, pre oocioufc ui-ionB were discouraged mini g the Lace* elaumnr ian and other natiins if antiquity. Physio logically, the age fer marriage of th; male m» be fixed ai from twenty-two to twenty.five, and front seventeen to twe ntyonc tVc fema'e. ' Children born toe la'c ire orphin* fatly,' tt\i the Span-sh pro vi rb ; but it must be add- d ihnt they do not survive iu due proportions to verify that unT/leastnt predic tion. Koi is anything more mi8cnlculat'd t'lan the sort of equiltbtatii-n which is 6ometimes esfay»dby * the union of age and cxhBU-tbti tn the one side, with youth and vigour on i lie oiier. The t esul's are f exactly oppefiite to tho'C which we may suppose to be soupM, nr.d a pun} and utialoil offapring proclaim the itnorent infiaciim of one of NaturpV firit lnw». There is un vompentati' n to be outlined ia thii mtinrcr. The osrly veers of fA- hiombie pro Hiiacy iv}i:c)i now form the usujI novitii'.e of the prosperous clashes threa'en an undoub'cd dpfeneration tf ourraic. Of late y. ars an open tole ration lias been extended tn these htbi's, of which the bad c fleets are already widuly appirent to inedicil observers. The evil spreads and become? m»re pre-ssinR. This toleration nny ot least be revoked ; srinching may be done to make ihe put'iiS of vice less flow ry, and to facili'ate theSfe-Vaily and happy un'ons which offer bo man; moral and physical advantag.s. — Cuuiobity of Sluki'. — A gentleman of landed prnprrty in he vale of Gala was prosecuted for con Bidcr»b'c am ars of tierd, or tiih», which he was said to owe to a iioble family. He believed that these titVes hud been purc'innd ; bui, afcr cxiniining hi« faflier's papers, the public records, and those persons who had t anf acted law bueiiicsB with his fither, he was unable to obtain evidence of such a purchife. He therefore repolved to ride to Edinburgh, and com promise the affair as well as J:e could. Going to bed wilh the intention of putting his jilan intj- execution on the morrow, he dreamt that liis father, who hid been dtad many years, appeared to him. He enqu red the cause of his ton's trouble : and when the gen tit man had replied, and added that the payment wa» them' re uriplea-ant brcnusc he had a strong con scicjusi.efs that it was not owing, although he could not prove that to be the case, 'You are right, my son,' answeied the father; 'I did acquire right to these tiends, for which you are ro*p pro-ecu'ed. The papers relating to the transaction are in the hind9 of tli. ? , a writer (or attornc; ), who is now retired from rir.-f'ssional business, and residec at Invcre=k, near Edinburgh. Ho was a person v.-hom I employe i on ' that occasion for a particular reason, but who never, ! on any other occasion, transected business on my ac counr. It is very pos'ible that Mr. ? m«y have forgotten a ma'ter which is now of avory old djte; but you may ca'l it to his recollection by this token, that when I came to pay his account there wrai difficulty in gelling charge for a Portuguese piece of gold, and ?u-ewerc forced to drink out the balance »t a tavern.' Tlie gentleman lode to Invsresk, and inquired of Mr. , a very o'd man, if he had transacted a certain businotb for his father. The old gentleman could not r- member; but when tl.e Portugal piece of money was mentioned, the whole came to his mind, and he at nice sought for the papers, and found them. — Leisure Hour. 1'vll Run ItrssELL. — ' Oi-b Own' rs JrorAEDT. — As I was passing out of the earthwork called a fort on the hill, a dirty German soliiet ca'led out from the parapet. ''Pull-Run Kus Etll ! You shall r.evcr writi l'ull's Kun agjin,' and at the same time cockedhie pieci-, andlewllr-d it at me. I immedia'ely iod- round intJ the foit, the fellow Hill presenting his firelock, and a-ked h!m whit he meant, at the same lime calling for the sergeant cf the guard, who came at once, aod, at my request, airented the man, who recovtrcd arms, and said, ' It was a choake —1 -\ ant to fieikcn Pull-llun Russell.' Huwevtr, at his -ifle wiis capptd and loaded, and en full cock, with his fingiron the trigger, I did rot quit? see the fmi of it, and I ac'covdinRly had the n-.an mirched to the tent of the officer, wlio promised to investigate the cesp, and meke a formal report cf it to The brigidicr, on my re-turn to lay the circums* ano s before him. On reflcciion I resolved that it was best to l^t the mi'ter dtcp ; the jekc might spread, and it was quite unplca saiit enough as it vas to beer the insolent looks and feowling l'iccs of the guatds at the potts, 10 whom I wbb ob'iged to exhibit my pass whenever I sveut out -0 tide. — Itusiell's Diary. A Royal Ctimon ox the Incomes or the C'LimcY. — Tbe Duke of Cumberlind heard a Mr. Mudgc, one cf our angelic order (a clergyman), who had a most seraphic finger for the tarp-ichord, play him a tune Ll s-oaic friendly knigh', cr squire's house, where he was ambushed en bis way to or from Scotland, and very honestly expre-sed greet ea'isfac tion at thepci'fornsanco. 'And would your hghncss tbir.k,' gajs his friend, ' that with such w.»nde.ful talent this woithy clergyman has ii''t above a hucdrcd ajfarf' 'And do you not think, sir,' replied his liighnrw, ' lhat wV.cn a priest has more it generally spoils him J' — George Schrt/n and his Contemporaries. Mils. Eiuiioxs' Fibst Visit lo Uujilin, and her. Imi'iu:ssioksoftheIihsii. — Aleiterof Mrs. Siddo:is', in thertcentlv published 'JounuK and Correspon dence of Dr. ^Vhalley,' gives an account of her first visit to Dublin, ind h« imprebsiuns of the Irish:— ' We arrived in Dublin,' she says, ' the 14th June, ha'f-past twelve at night. Tbere is not a tsvern, or a house ol ai-y kind in this capital, city of a rising kiligdem, as they call themselves, that will take a -woman in ; and do you know I was obliged — after being shut up in the Cu-tom-house officer s room to have the things examined, nhich room was m- re like a dungeon than any thing else— afte-r staying here above an hour and a half, I tell you, I was obliged, fcick aud weary as 1 was, to wandtr about I the stree'.t e.n foot (fur the coaches and chairs had all gone off tlie stands) till almost two o'clock in the morning, raining, too, as if heaven and eaith were coming together. A pretty beginning, thought I ; but these people arc a tb msjnd years behind us in every respect. At length Mr. Brereton, wLose father hed provided a bed for him on his arrival, veiituicel lo bay he would insitl on having a bed for us at the liouse where iie was to sleip. Well, we got to tLis pla.t, and the lady of the l;ou-e vouchsafed, efter many times telling* us that she never took in i ladies, to say we should sleep then; that night. I j in vi r was so weary and di-gusted in my life. I The city of Dublin id a (-ink of filthioess; the I noisome smells end the mul;itudes of shocking and I most iriserable object.1, made me resolve never tu stir | out but to my busmceb. I like not the people cither ; I they are nil -. Btcnt&tion; and insincetity, and in their ! ideas of finery verj like tl.e French, but not so ! cleanly; and they ?--?? only speak but think coarsely. | This is in Cadence ; therefore, your fingers on your lipe, I pray. They are tenacious of tlicir ccuntry to a degree of folly that is very laugh able, end would cell me the blackest of ingrates were ; they to know my sentiments of them. I Have got a \ thousand pounds among them th!s summer. I always | acknowledge myself obliged to them, but I cannot | love them. 1 knowl.ut one amoi.g them that can in ] any degree atone f ,r the barbarism of the rest— who I thinks thire fire ether means nf expre.-sing esteem I besides furcicfr pcnplo to em and drink, the doing ?which to a most 'iftens.ive degree they call liish hospi tality.' A Biiieuian CfMoii.— One of the customs among the peasantry is to hang a whip at the head of the bed. I never understood what this signified till my arrival here in Barnaoul, although I had seen it at every pcRS'-int's cottage oil the road A nursemaid of mine. nit me to be mariicd, and some fhort time afier she | went to t!;o Natcholnick of the place to make a coim jilnint against her husband. He inquired into the mutter, when tho cooly told Mm that her husband did not love her. He asked how she knew he did not love her. ' Because,' she replied, ' he never whips me ;' the instrument of cattigalion hung over the bed, and had ni ver olcc been uted since their mar riage. There i» no aci-iunting for taste ; what one considers a proof of love another looks upon as a want of affection. — Tartar Steppes and their Inhabitants; by Mrs. Atkinson. The Fcorl fishery in Ceylon in over. The catch has been nearly 9,000,000 oysterB, die sale of which hu realised upwards of £50,000. The fint street locomotive seen in Berlin made its second journey last week to Trepton. It is of about oine-lioise power, end draws two large passenger c»r rief»ee. The machine, which cost £G0O, is built on the system of Avellingsnd 1'ottor, and promises to turn out h success. 