THE DOOBGA POOJA. (Calcutta Englishman) The Doorga Fooja festival, which is now fast approaching, has been discussed in so many and various ways that it would almost seem difficult to offer any observations calculated to prove of any further interest to our readers, or to add to our present stock of knowledge. We have at various times in past years discussed the inconveniences occasioned by the longer I and, forced holidays which it used to entail; and this year we have been led to consider the propriety of adding a day or two to those few . holidays which have at length been given for the rest and, welfare of those worn-out Europeans who, since the roasting they underwent during the hot weather, have been stewed in every possible way; under the rains. But still the toora Pooja,cjnsideied as an ancient festival, is really of as much importance and interest in connection with the history and civilization of the people of this country, as many of the old village feasts and festivals in the more remote parts of Great Britain proved to the antiquarian of a century or two for, like them, it is a relic of a primitive age and religion, having no counterpart to anything existing in the present day. and belonging to a period as much anterior to BrahrainiBtn, as the Yule log at Christmas and other relics of Runic and Druidick times, are anterior to the Christianity and civilisation which at present prevail. The Doorga Pooja in the present day is a joyous festival, of a popular or rather national character. It is a time of pleasure and feasting, of visits, presents, merriment, museum, jewels, new clothes, and all those elements of enjoy- ment which constitute happiness in the mind of the Hindoo. For the nonce, money is only to be regarded as a means for present jollification and not as anything to be reserved for the agents of a future day. The goddess Doorga, however, is a foreign deity in the Brahminical Pantheon, and is only admitted by identifying her with the wife of Siva 2 and thus, when the tide of Brahminism advanced into Southern India, it seems to have left the Doorga Pooja behind,. The countries to the south of the Godavari' and the East have their own aboriginal deities and worship, which, in due course, have been modified and Brubminised into 1901' present shape ; but that aboriginal religious belief was confined to. village deities, ghosts, serpents, and other representatives of evil, bearing a general likeness to Doorga as Kali, but yet never attaining to that development which was reached in the richer and more enervating climate of Bengal, All forms of idolatry have their origin in human nature ; but as history advances new gods are added in consequence of the deification of heroes. And it may be remarked that the latter process, however unintelligible to the educated man of the nineteenth century, is the ordinary process of the human mind where'er corrected by knowledge. The deeds of heroic times are exaggerated as they are handed down from generation to generation and in an uncritical age, when the authority of antiquity is omnipotent, and men are indisposed to doubt the truth of the relation,, it becomes absolutely necessary to exaggerate the man into a got, in order to bring the nature of the being who has achieved such great works into conformity with the magnitude of the works themselves. If a people are led to believe that mountains have been carried about, and millions of giants destroyed by a single individual, they cannot at the same time believe that the individual is like unto themselves, and they are forced by a natural and inexorable logic into a deification of the hero. The nature and traditions of the goddess Doorga are thus jutoreBtlng.uljko to the student in human nature and to the student in primitive history for her worship has its source In one of the most powerful elements in that nature; whilst the exaggeration of her great deeds has led to her elevation as a national duty. We must also remark that the more these points are discussed, and the more generally they are apprehended, the sooner. we shall witness the triumph of reason and civilisation over a barbarous, a credulous, an ignorant, and superstitious age. Our scholars may argue against the inspiration of the Vedas and the divine origin of the Hindoo religion until they are hoarse, and without producing the slightest effect, because, after all, it is a negative process and proves nothing I but when once they have succeeded in establishing the truth, that the Vedas were written by men, and only by men, and that the Hindoo religion springs from human nature, and only from human nature, J then the conviction must sooner or later, dawn upon the Hindoo mind, just as the untutored savage learns that if he has five fingers on one hand and five fingers on t10 other, the aggregate amount make up a power and greater number than either-viz., the higher number of ten. The worship of Doorga is in the first instance, connected with the deification of the female principal. This is not exactly the place where such an idea can be elaborated and discussed in detail). It will be sufficient to say that such a deification has existed in all ages and times, but that in the more, civilised world of the nineteenth century the mere selfish desire has been transformed into an ennobling sentiment, and a chivalrous, unselfish effort to" please and guard those whom we love. Much of this advance ín'oiviUs'atíqn we owe to our old poets and dramatists, but still we feel the influence of the old tendency to personify and defy the passion; and perhaps nowhere is that influence better described than in those glorious lines which Coleridge reproduced in English from the German of Schiller l for fable is Love's world his bonic his birth-place ; Delightedly dwells he among fay's, and talismans, And spirits, and delightedly believes Divinities, being himself divine. All these have vanished They live no longer in the faith of reason i But still the heart doth need a language, still Doth the old instinct bring back the old names. . * * * even at this day Tis Jupiter who brings weather is great. And Venus who brings everything that is fair." The old worship of Doorga was something very different from this; but it has been to some extent purified by the influence of Brahminism ; though it still needs the, force of an intense higher: and purer still. The orgies connected with that worship 'were' at one time identical with those set forth in the Tantras ; but nearly all the greater features have passed away before the partial enlighten mont effected by the Vedjo Brahmins, 'qr have only confined to secret sects who are fast decreasing in numbers, and who, indeed, would scarcely own their proceedings to their own countrymen, It will be sufficient to say that they were accompanied by the drinking of wine and spirits, to excess, and the eating of flesh meat all of which Brahminism abhors; though there is reason to believe that at one period it was not disinclined to tolerate, possibly because such practices had taken too deep a root in the Bengalese to be put down by priestly power, until the latter could be aided by the secular. arm. Now-a-days, however, the festival is one of jollification,' sweetmeats, and matches ; when the Bengallee throws aside his cares and anxieties, and gives himself up to the enjoyments of the hour. In olden times thousand of animals wove anounced to the goddess, and the meat, being subsequently Oqqk'ed, served to, feast the masses who dongre gated, at the festival; and, if we may judge from tradition, and from, squaw of the representations, in the temples the sacrifice? were not always confined to animals but included human beings. To give the Bmhoiins their due many have carried on a successful war against the MO atrocities. the animal qupiiQacs aye much, reduced in number, In! WW worshippers, prefer cutting pumpkins in two and presenting the fruit to the goddess. That there is much dissipation and debauchery no one doubts; but these increases are not confined to the Bengalleo nor to the Doorga Pooja, The deification of Doorga as the goddess who delivered the people from their giant oppressors and performed marvellous and miraculous works, belongs, to a time of which in the present day we can only obtain glimpses. It is not difficult, however, to call tip 'ty picture of some Semhamis finds,' whose exploits led, to, lier'sqWyu'eiili deification, and whose private excesses led to her identification with a repre, tentative or special incarnation of the feminine principal-a barbarous Queen who delighted in slaughter and sensuality. But we care not to dwell upon the pictures sufficient for us is the cheering fact that, however much there may be wanting in the morality and civilization of the modem Hindoo, yet still we have evidence that it has been gradually and decidedly pro. groaning from what it must have been in primeval times ; though this work' has been achieved by the force of influences and of our ciimsta'noci which We are only beginning to understand.'' It is HOPE! train under"' the . as- "it i influence of British administration and example, the progress of civilization may continue with increased rapidity, and that in the fullness of time all that is gross and revolting, all that tends to degrade man to the level of the animal, and to check his advance in the scale of intellectual and refined humanity, shall have passed for ever away from this seeming but still benighted land. . 