. ' ' THE FIJI 'ISLANDS. ? ~ ' [From our Correspondent.] I succeeded in c itching the Kate Kearney for my last letter, by what an Irishman would call a ' GhoEt of a chance' — that is to sty, £ placed it iu tho hands of her obliging captain at the last moment. ureat Qissausiaounu is leit turuuguoub hub group by the British residcuta, at the im perfect means of. pjstal communiiation with the Australian colonies, or, I should eay, more corrcotly, Sydney, for nearly all the vessels i hut trado to these and the neighbouring islands hail from that port. Sometimes would be clever captains and owners, thinking, do doubt, they will steal a march on their fellow traders, clear out at Sydney fur Guam, or other mythical port, and come straight to Ovalau, without a mail, to the extreme disappointment and disgust of all the white inhabitants. Captains of vessels make a great mistake in this respect, as, by so doing, they eacrifica the goodwill of the European rebidents ; no trifling consideration on a trading voyage. . Surely a little care on the part of the postal authorities could remedy tbU. Remembering, however, tho perpetual complaints that are being made against that badly conducted branch of the public service, it would be out of the question to expect any attention to tho wants of our small community. Another souroa of irrita tion with the people of Fiji is, that mails put on board for Ovalau, often go round by way of the Friendly Islands, and reach here Borne four or five months after their departure from Syd ney. The inconvenience, annoyance, and sometimes serious loss that are entailed by these stupid arrangements, can scarcely be imagined. A swift little suhooner, baoked with a smell subsidy, would make a very satis factory mail boat, and, I feel not a doubt, would prove an ample source of profit to the euter urUiut; man who might undertake it. As an indication of tho direction in which the resources of Fiji are being developed, I niny iiiciiiiou mat -_-upiuiu uiuwuiug nun just erected, for the firm of F. aud \V. lienninge, a windmill, for driving a cottbn gia. It is simple and inexpensive in its construction, but substantial, and answers the purpose for which it wub designed admirably. Talk about astouidhing the natives ; it was a most amusing nnd laughable sight when it was firbt eet going to watch the crowd of Fijians around it, start, stare, aud, finally, when the cotton began to fly out in a hojutiful snowy shower, laugh and ohattcr with childish glee. It is enterprise such as this which will make Fiji a country ; and I trust tho Messrs. Hennings inuy soon find it necessary to replace it by more powerful steam machinery. 'The cultiva tioa of ootton is spreading rapidly hcra, some planters having as many as 25,000 trees. Many of the native chiefs arc'aleo cultivating it, and, as the plant yields a return. in twelve, and sometimes six months, it is the favourite industrial agricultural pursuit at present. I regret to have; to record the loss, by fire, of a considerable property, belonging to Mr. Davis, of lleiva, one of our most recpeotable and industrious storekeepers. As nearly as I oan gather, tho oiroiitnatances attending its oc currence were as follows t — Some mornings ago, Mr. Davis, previous to his departure from honifi, hai a pig killed, and, preparatory to itH being cut up, hung from a beam on one of tho outhouses, as he thought it probable he should bo absent for several hours; he direoted a native tu take charge of it till he returned, and to keep plenty of wood smoking under neath, with tho view, doubtless, of keeping off tho flii-p, &c.; Now, Mr. Davis, not boing nn accomplibhed Fijian scholar, gavo his direc tions insuuh a way as to lead the native to understand that he was to keep plenty of firo beneath the pig; so, accordingly, no sooner had the unconsoious proprietor turned his back, than the ton willing native heaped on fuel with the generous profusion characteristic of the Fijian people/then followed the inevita ble consequence — a largo lump of fat fell into the firo beneath, the hungry flames flashed lightning-like upwards, and, in another ._* ? ... _.. t tl* a si hi .-.j m nfnKlnl roltll TV ri Irt II Mm III U III cut ? UIU ill 1UU maiviiui nit' iiuivt* »m«j roof was thickly thatched was a roaring con flagration. Now, mark the oonduot of our native friend — the pig roaster— and draw con clusions therefrom of Fijian oharaoter. Afrer the first swift shock of surprise, he grabs the porker in his oapucious arms, rushes beyond the reach of the fl-unop, and quietly seats him self to seo the performance out. Meuutime, ootton, oil, and other valuable's, to tho tuno of some £1000 or j£1S0O, aro being gradually licked up by tho roinors. Iors element, and, finally, tho muoh to be pitied proprietor (that was) artivi'S to coutempUto tho ashes of years of privation aud toil. An euthusiastio sym pathiser with poor Mr. Davis, obsorving the native sitting philosophically on tho carcase of the rescued pig, demanded, in ferocious accents, ' Why he had not tried to save a barrel of oil or something elso.' ' No, replied the savago, with unruffled composure, f was left to take ohnrgo of tho pi«, I did so — there it is.' When tho news of the fire oamo to Ovulau, the first feeling of the whito residents was one of thankfulness, that it was uot the work of an incendiary, for this destruolivo niodu is iho usual evidonco of native hostility. From all I huvo heard, howevor, Mr. Davis has never dono anything to even interrupt the good feeling which generally prevails between the native and white inhabitants. Somoiimea tho Fijinns think themselves aggrieved by tho whito mnn, and, whan they do, .vongeanop, swift nnd ample, is executed. Some oiroura htances ooourrod \n- the latter part of the mouth of AuguRl, illustrative of tliis. On tho southern ooast of Viti Levu, on tho main laud, at a plaoooallod Tonganuri, two or ihroo whito traders were Bottled. The chief of Tongaouri was at war with a neighbouring tnagnato, to whom some of tho white nmn had sold gun powder. Tho natives Gxed upon ono Boujamiu Guiney (whether justly or not, I can't say) us tlm offender j aud ouo morning, as Mr. Gur noy waa walking from his workshop to his houso, ha was sciznd from behind by onoh wrist, whilst a third nntivoheld a botlloaxe, .....1 ? .(._._ _ *.t..l. n..i«M tita llritin ipnniiv tfl uiiii uu'Huur a uiuu, ut«i ???* 'w™i .»-mmj ?* cloavoor bruin him ut first siyn of resistance ; hut resistance would have been nut only daugoroua, but uhnost impossible, seuing that ihu two tall nnd powurful mon that oach held a wrist hud pluutod their foot against thoso of their pritiouor, and then throw thouiBulves back, bo as to form tho letter V ; whilst thus detained, the romaindor of tho party ontorod Gurnoy'flhoHflo, rifled it of every singlo thiug, thoii oamo out, nnd atrippod him of all his clothing, not oxooptiiig his nhirtj a firo stick was thon put into' his boataliod, ooutuiuing his boat, which were burnt to cinders ; the dwell ing was spared/and then the party went away. The whole affair was transacted in silence and gravity, and no personal injury was received by the' man, who mude his way to some white men iu a little canoe, with a piece of Dative matting round his loins. The one or two neighbours bo had have also abaudonei the place. Near the same locality, another resi dent has also been burnt' out, particulars of which I Iibvo not. 1 have heard that three or four gentlemen, on the Maitund side of you, have it iu contem platioD to tako up. some country h-ro for sheep farming purposes to the extent of about £5000. I think I told you,, in a former letter, that, as a general thing, the sheep im ported already were doing well. Some 400 have died from eating the wild Indigo plant ; but where they have plenty of grass, they avoid it, and not one of the young lambs have died from it ; in all other respects, the sheep are a triumphant success. I have this morning received a letter from a gentleman who has sheep on some islands on the northern coast of Viti Levu, from which I take the following extraot : — ?' I have eat in v lambs, 201 ewes, and 186 wethers. I have not shorn yet, but am urging on matters to that end as fast as Fijian (Malua) by and bye will admit.' Sinee I forwarded my last correspondence, the weather has been delightfully clear, bright, aud cool. Wo have had no ships in, exeept the Caroline, from Samoa, and tho llvtumab., now about to sail for Sydney. The James, Captain Weiss, has not yet made her ap pearance from the Line. Tho Rotumah re ports having heard of her at the island of Rotomuh. Wo expect the Ocean and Kate Kearney from Sydney shortly. Levuke, 3rd October, 1SG3. 