?WITOHOSAPr. (From the Times, September 24th.) The elaborate spiritualism of the nineteenth century has resolved itself into a theatrical ghost. In the " terrific spectral illusions" called up every night to order on the metropolitan stage we see as impressive and perhaps as genuine a phantom as ever formed the subject of a story. " Mediums" are beaten out of the field by enterprising managers, and the art of invoking spirits can be now acquired from Christain Professors on terms more reasonable than those exacted from Faust But there is really something behind all this, There is an actual and potent reality, about Witches and Witchcraft which it will not do to overlook. It is nothing supernatural on the contrary, it is only too natural. It is not unheard of in our philosophy, but is comprehended as perfectly as any other phenomenon This very morning our columns tell a tragical tale which will not only illustrate the agencies in question, but will enable the reader to understand how so many stories of sorcery which he knows not how to believe should be recorded and vouched for by such unimpeachable authorities. in the parish of Bible Hedingham, in the county of Essex, lived, till last month, an old man who was popularly credited with super- natural powers. He had every qualification suitable to the character. He was aged, he was afflicted, he was eccentric, be was poor, and he was a my story. No one knew whence he came, what he was, or even what was his name. He was a Frenchman, and he was deaf and dumb, and with those two scraps of information ended all knowledge of the man and his history. He had resided at Bible Hedingham in a wretched hut, and all alone, for seven or eight years, when, on the 3rd of August last, he was barbarously hustled away in a crowd of people to the sluice of a water-mill, thrown into the stream, and SO cruelly used that about a month afterwards he died, according to medical evidence, of the injuries received. It will be easily seen that the poor creature was " swum" for a wizard-that is to say, he was thrown into the water in pursuance of the traditions still unhappily surviving. The original idea pointed only to the detection of diabolical dealings by the floating or sinking of the alleged culprit ; but in practise a witch was " ducked" either as a punishment for her doings or as a counter charm against her sorceress, and this appears to have been the nature of the atrocity in the case before us. It is a shocking story, but in its particulars will be found much to instruct us. We have first the benefit of a strange piece of evidence. Emma Smith', the wife of a village publican, was according to the story and the charge, both the victim and the destroyer of this unfortunate wizard. If she proves the death of him, there is reason to believe that he almost proved the death of her. Being charged with the homicide, and asked in due course what she had to allege in her own behalf, she told a story which we are not inclined to dis- credit. She said that the old Frenchman, who seems to have hadnoothorname than" Dummy," came to her shop about ten months before and asked leave to sleep in a shed on the premises, which she allowed him to do. A few days afterwards she wanted him to leave, when he " made signs," and at length wrote up legibly on a door that she would be all in ten days' time. The curse was fulfilled. She did sicken, and had remained ill ever since. She believed herself bewitched could get no good from any of the doctors, and was firmly persuaded that only the wizard himself could cure the evil which he had caused. This was the origin of the case, and the details of the catastrophe were supplied by other witnesses. The rendezvous at the publichouse on the fatal night appears to have been accidental. The taproom was full of people, including Mrs. Smith and poor old " Dummy." Mrs. Smith was bewailing her sickness, and charging it allow "Dummy's" witchcraft. She turned to him and begged him to remove the charm. She said that if he would go back home with her and do her good she would give him three sovereigns and line him well. When these proposals were explained to him he drew his fingers across his throat," meaning, it seems, that he would rather have his had cut off than consent. It was after these good words had failed that the men present began to " twist him about till at length he got out of the house. Then through some instinct or instigation, he was hustled or dragged to a brook adjacent, and from the brook to the deeper water a mill- head, where mainly. as is alleged by the woman Smith, and a man committed with her for trial, he was " swum," i He survived this inhuman handling, and found people charitable enough to help him home, but the shock was too much for a tjoor shaky old creature of fourscore, and, after lingering till the 4th of this month, he expired. Let thereadornovvobserve attentively the un- disputed facts of this remarkable case. Nobody possessed of common intelligence will suppose that this unfortunate old man exerted any powers whatever but those of menance, or that he gave effect to his threats by any kind of practical proceeding. But it is none the less true that all the results imputed to Witchcraft were actually produced. We believe the woman's story. The man did bewitch her; not, indeed, by the exercise of power diabolically derived, but by the influence which his threats, combined with his reputation, produced upon her mind. We believe, too, that he intended to do this. He appears to have adopted the character which this superstition of his neighbors gave him, and to have traded upon it. Being credited with supernatural power, he turned the belief to his profit, told fortunes, held consultations, predicted events, and sold advice. The reputation which ultimately caused his death and provided him with a living, and his refusal to take the spell off the woman who believed herself to be suffering under it was due, probably, to the desire of keeping this testimony to this power. But in those facts we have all the ingredients of an authentic witch story No tale among the many hundreds extant on this subject contains stronger or more credible illustration of the agencies ascribed to Witchcraft. As we read the report, we can easily understand that people were really bewitched thai is to say were actually smitten in mind and body by the imprecations of a fellow- creature pretending to exert such power. There is no need to doubt the truth of the stories related; but neither on the other hand, is there any need to accept the traditional animal, nor to assume tiny intervention of the Devil. wizards and witches have undoubtedly existed, but they were not people in league with the powers of evil. They were people, possibly, with greater knowledge than their neighbors, possibly with stronger minds, possibly with no superiority at all, but capable of unscrupulously turning to accountthoattributes with which popular belief had invested there. The rest followed as a matter of course Their pretensions gave them actual power. Possum veto passe evident: The results they produced were just its real as if the faculty had been derived, in very truth, from the Devil. The people at Ilcdingliam stood in such awe of this old Frenchman's power that even after his death they were afraid of him. Emma Smith was in obvious alarm as she made her defence, and there was no extraordinary difficulty found in obtaining evidence. What more could have been done by areal sorcerer P The superstition or credulity implanted in many minds allows of the exercise of such an influence over them as will produce material results. So far as Witchcraft represents this influence, Witchcraft is a reality, and it is only necessary that we should disc and the figments of its origin and its functions. " Wizard" is simply the same word he wiseacre," and every wizard must have been endowed with at least the faculty of taking advantage of the weaknesses of ] othors.Coiisideriug how this, and perhaps other faculties, were probably used, we can readily comprehend the feelings of our ancestors on the subject. We are not disposed to conclude that every witch was unjustly prosecuted. In so far as they were condemned to a barbarous death for dealing with the Devil, the proceedings were both shocking and groundless ; but if we presume, as we most reasonably, may, that many of these reputed sorcorersdid, by their threats and curses, produce in positive form the results vulgarly ascribed to include . tions and charms, we cannot hold them guiltless of crime. They were really evil-doers, though not of the kind supposed. They did work charms and cast spells, though not by the Devil's aid. Their operations were based upon the influence of imagination over the functions of the physical body, and the very belief which gave them their reputation gave them also their power. This power, we can hardly doubt. was often wickedly incised, and the old stones of Witchcraft may rest upon better foundations of fact than has been commonly imagined. " ,., . r..,'. 