ADELAIDE: SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1863. PBOCEEDMTCrS IN PARLIAMENT. Friday, October 23. Iu the House of Assembly — Mr. Stran&wa.Ys;' motion that the reasons given by the Commissioner of Crown Lands for non-00 mply- ing with the mineral laws were insufficient, was nega tived. Mr. B. I. Stow's motion for paving J. Hance £1,333 69. 8d. was lost. The reports on the Debenture Bill and the Payment of Troops Bill were agreed to, and days were fixed for the third reading. The Estimates were considered in Committee. The House adjourned at a quarter to 6 o'clock to the following Tuesday. The Sydney Morning Serald has recently con tained several leading articles on questions of interest to South Australia. First of all we notice a leader written in an exceedingly liberal ?pint -m the subject tf our a«wly accpiirec northern territory. There is no reference to the partition of the debt of New South Wales on account of the lopping off of a portion of the territory of that province, nor any suggestion as to the collateral security which the revenue of South Australia will henceforward afford to the New South Wales bondholders. Referring to Stuart's track, the Serald says : — ' It is doubt ful whether, except in a fine season, stock could be sent across the continent by his route. In course of time the central tract may become pastorally tenable. But an abundant water supply ' will hare first to be provided, and in the meantime there are vast areas of land of superior quality and more conveniently situated with respect to seaports and markets, which has a prior claim to occupation. If the north terri tory attached to the jurisdiction of South Aus tralia is to remain unoccupied until the squatters of that colony gradually spread northwards from want of more available country, it would remain vacant for some time. Every one seems to feel that the better plan is to begin de novo on the north coast, to found fresh a settlement there, and to establish and maintain communication with the parent colony.' The writer then proceeds to eulogize Arnheim's Land as presenting great inducements to settle ment, and as holding out ' great promise.' — ' On three sides it is washed by the sea ; it has plenty of available shipping places ; it is well supplied with watercourses ; there is an elevated central tableland, presenting all the appearance of a fine pastoral country ; and thereis land fit for tropical agriculture on the lower levels. The soil ap pears to be good, and the timber is luxuriant. The whole district is well posted for carrying on a trade with the Dutch East Indies, with India, and China, Hereafter, no doubt, it will form a separate northern colony, and will probably not be one of the least prosperous of the Australian group.' Then comes the following congratulatory and complimentary remarks i—*' Meanwhile, it rests with the South Australians to lay the founda tions of this future success. They have been ambitious to have the glory of this. Whether it will be much solid advantage remains to be seen. If the settlement does not prosper, it will be a millstone round the neck of the colony. If it does prosper, it will soon want to be indepen dent. The British Government gladly transfers the whole risk and responsibility to the colonial authorities. There is no such thing as romance or enthusiasm known in the Colonial Office, nor is the ' art of colonization' really much understood in those sacred precincts. It is a great relief, therefore, to the Imperial authorities to find a colonial Executive venturesome enough to breast all the responsibilities connected with the foundation of a new settlement. We can very cordially wish our neighbors all success in the interesting and important enterprise they have in hand.' On the financial aspect of the question our contemporary thus writes :— ' The chief diffi culty of the Government will be want of revenue. Money must be advanced at first, and repaid hereafter. There can be no sound revenue derived till pastoral occupation has got a footing, and wealth is created. The sale of land will, of course, yield something, but it will not be wise to stimulate speculative purchases simply for the sake of getting money. The intrinsic value of the land will depend on the prosperity of the settlement, and that prosperity may be seriously retarded if the pioneers sink too much of their capital in speculative, but at present unproduc tive purchases of land. The Government of South Australia should not expect the new settlement to pay its way from the very first. It is all the more likely to do so soon if the revenue is not forced by unnatural attempts to get up a land mania.' Another article in the Herald comments upon the formal notice sent to the Government of New South Wales by the Government of this colony, that the latter intend to withdraw from the existing treaty in virtue of which they col lect duties on goods passing out of this province via the Murray, into the neighbouring colonies. The Serald says -. — ' The notice given by the South Australian Government cannot be con sidered unwelcome. It does but anticipate the too tardy action of our own Government, and quicicen a re-arrangement which ought not to have been so long deferred. With the reason assigned by the South Australian Government for its change of policy we are not acquainted, but there was the best of all reasons why we should, some time ago, have notified to them our dissatisfaction with the present system.' Next follows a statement of the differences on the tariff question between New South Wales and Victoria. The writer then remarks, that since South Australia first undertook to collect Murray dues at the Goolwa for New South Wales and Victoria, charging 5 per cent, commission to cover cost of col lection, .the relative circumstances of the colonies are wholly changed. The trade belongs now almost exclusively to Victoria. ' The improved roads for which Victoria is cre ditably distinguished, and the reduced price of carriage, drew all the trade on the south side of the Murray, and a' good deal on the north side too, down to Melbourne. This result is still more effectually secured by the railway already open to Sandhurst, and soon to be completed toEchuca. But contemporaneously with, the loss of the trade on the Murray, the steamboats found fresh markets opened up by the naviga tion of the Murrumbidgee and the Darling, and the very great increase of pastoral settlement in the Biverine district generally. But the con sequence of this change in the trade is that nearly all the articles brought up the river are consumed in this colony, and the duties, therefore, ought proportionally to go to swell our customs revenue. Yet we have continued to give away to Victoria half the amount, and that while we have been grumbling at them for retaining other duties to which we are equitably entitled.' The article recommends the establish ment of a frontier Custom-house at ' the nominal township of Chowella,' where the 141 meridian of longi tude intersects the river. The goods would go up the river in bond, and to prevent unloading the masters of steamboats would have to bring certified bills of lading. The New South Wales Government would take all the duties charge able, and hand over to Victoria only what was levied on goods proved to be afterwards landed in that colony. The only other topic to which we shall now advert is the grand scheme of the Surveyor General of Melbourne to develop the back co'intry of the Biverine district by carrying the waters of the Murray, by an irrigation canal, right across the great salt bush plain to Fort Bourke ! We hope the Victorian engineers will leave us water enough to float our craft at Blanchewater and the Goolwa, and not absorb the whole of the Upper Murray in their grand canals. The Serald says that Captain Cadell ' thinks the scheme too ambitious.' It has, however, one element of the magnificent, namely, the unknown. Our contemporary mildly remarks — ' In the absence of a survey determining the levels, it is impossible to say whether the idea could be realised,' which is, certainly, an element of magnificence in the grand conception, That the settlers in the Fort Bourke District j : are sometimes exposed to great hardships on I account of their isolation from the sea coast, I and from permanent navigable waters, is unques tionable. Mr Forlonge states that during the drought of last year, the river being low, and the steamers not being able to get up, he had to buy American waggons and teams to take sup plies to his stations at Fort Bourke, and that it cost him fifteen hundred pounds. Dr. Youl speaks of the same difficulty. He says there was not a hundredweight of flour within a hun dred miles of his station. He bought American waggons and horses, and despatched them with all speed. Some knocked up and died, but one waggon, with half a load, reaohed the station 'just as the people were starving.' No doubt this is very bad, but we fear that the occasional difficulties of the Fort Bourke settlers can scarcely be profitably obviated by the diversion of the Murray. The Sydney Morning 'Serald says that ' all practicable purposes would be answered if the steamers could reach Fort Bourke. The com merce that might be developed if this were done is indicated in the evidence of Mr. Forlonge, who stated that to this place the trade would drain down from 400 miles to the westward and the northward. The Darling appears to have been colonised from all the three colonies. There are settlers there from South Australia, from Victoria, and from the older districts of New South Wales ; and it is curious, as show ing how trade runs in its accustomed channels, to notice that as a general rule, the South Aus tralians get their stores from Adelaide, the Vic torians from Melbourne, and the New South Welohmen from Sydney via Maitland. The relative expense of the three different routes in an ordinary season is not brought out. Accord ing to Dr. Youl, Melbourne gets at present about one-third of the produce, the remainder going to Adelaide and Sydney. But the open ing of the railway to Echuca is likely to increase Melbourne's share — a result which .will be further precipitated by the increasing invest ment of Victorian capital in the district.' Meanwhile it appears that the New South Wales Government have employed surveyors to take the levels of the river, with a view to obtain data upon which to prepare, and by which to test, schemes of improvement. The Serald suggests the construction of permanent weirs on the river, and so to make the navigation in sections, lifting vessels on pontoons by hydraulic pressure, and passing them round the permanent weirs by means of small lateral canals. All these grand ideas, however, will depend for their realisation on so many contingencies, that perhaps the best thing that could be done in the meanwhile is, as suggested by the Serald, the removal of the snags, especially as without their removal neither pontoons, weirs, nor lateral canals would give safe and permanent naviga tion. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^ The season is now so far advanced that our readers will be wishing to know to what extent our last year's harvest has been disposed of. Taking all the ports of the colony into account, the exports of wheat for the nine months ending Se ptember 30 amount to 853,756 bushels ; and the exports of flour to 32,257 tons. Reducing the wheat to flour, at 45 bushels per ton (the proportion allowed in the Government statistics) the export of the nine months will be equal to 51,229 tons of wheat and flour. The total de clared value is £584,049, irrespective of 6,088 tons of bran, valued at £32,769 ;of 987| quarters of oats, £1,778 ; and of 3,152 quarters of barley, £5,243. The aggregate value of our cereal ex ports for the first three quarters of 1863 stands therefore at £623,879. The total value of cereals exported from this province, in all 1862, was £633,241 ; the wheat and flour representing 51,092 tons, at a declared value of' £593,199. The average value of the wheat and flour ex ported in 1862 was £11 12s. per ton ; this year the average has been £11 8s. per ton. In order to exhibit in as much detail as pos sible the exports of breadstuffs during the pre sent year, we have compiled the following tables : — Quastsb Ending Masch 31, 1863. Floue — Adelaide ? 9,861|tons £103,685 Willunga ? 905 ' 9,881 Yankalilla ? 246£ ' 2,662 Port Elliot ? 238 ' 2,580 Goolwa ? 49 ' 565 Tons, 11,300 £119,373 Wheat— Adelaide ? 35.663^ qrs. £59,983 Willunga ? 2,964| ' 4,749 Yankalilla ? 2,214 ' I 3,532 Port Maedonnell ... 809£ ' 1,375 Port Elliot ? 2,121 ' 3,378 Goolwa ? 19£ ' 41 Qrs., 43,892 £73,058 Bean — Adelaide ? 1,685 tons £8,889 Willunga ... ... 236 ' 1,316 Yankalilla ? 60 ' 305 Port Elliot ? 18 ' 83 Goolwa ? 1 ' 6 Tons, 2,000 £10,599 Qttabtbb ending June 30, 1863. Floue — Adelaide ? 9,403|tons £115,699 Willunga ? 1,329| ' 17,361 Yankalilla ? 400| ' 5,092 Port Elliot ? 678 ' 8,138 Goolwa ? 213 ' 2,460 Mannum ? 208£ ' 2,495 Tons, 12,233 £151,245 Wheat — Adelaide ? 27,952 qrs. £56,279 Willunga ? 1,409 ' 2,291 Yankalilla ? 1,802 ' 3,391 Port Elliot ? 2,290 ' 4,663 Port MacDonneU ... 4,805 ' 9,172 Mannum ? 40| ' 71 Qrs., 38,298| £75,867 Bean — Adelaide ? 1,624| tons £8,907 Willunga ? 379| ' 2,005 Yankalilla ? 117 ' 646 Port Elliot ? 117 ' 505 Goolwa ? 9 ' 42 Mannum ... ... 3 ' 15 TonB, 2,250 £12,080 QlTABTBB ENDING SEPTEMBER 30, 1863. FliOUB — Adelaide ? 7,100£ tons £93,008 Willunga ? 572 ' 7,490 Yankalilla ? 154& ' 1,911 Port MacDonuell ... 2 ' 26; Port Elliot ? 6O9| ' 6,435 Mannum ? 18 ' 252 Goolwa ? 367£ ' 3,520 Tons, 8.72T £112,642 Whbat— Adelaide , ? 20,284 qrs. £43,229 Willunga ... ''. 1,485 ' 2,970 Yankalilla ... '.' 168 ' 335 Port Macrjonnell . 1,536 ' 2,941 Port Eltyt ? 1.050 ' 2,389 Qri., 24,529 £51,864 Bban — Adelaide ? l,566|tons £8,763 Willunga ? 138 ' 680 Yankalilla ? 30 ' 160 Port Elliot ? 103| ' 487 Tons, 1,838 £10,090 During the nine months the export of wheat from Port Adelaide only has been 83,899| quarters ; and of flour, 26,365 J tons ; their united value being £471,883. After a Bmart discussion on Friday, the Bum of £100 was voted in aid of the Servants' Home in King William-street . It was objected to on the ground that semi-official establishments never work well, and that either the Government should establish a Ser vants' Home and Begistry Ofiice on a proper basis, or leave the whole matter to private enterprise. Complaints were also made that great partiality was shown as respects subscribers and non-subscribers desirous of hiring servants (or, as the Committee pre fer to spell it — ' hireing ' — servants). However, on a division, the vote was carried by a majority of 6, and we hope the institution will now be in a position to purchase a new notice-board, with the inscription properly spelt. The residents of Grlenelg will be pleased to learn that tbe Post-office at that locality will be retained at the usual place, the House having decided against the amalgamation of the office with the Telegraph Station. The £1,000 for increasing tbe salaries of Local Court clerks and making some allowance to Magis trates, was finally passed in the House on Friday. We have received by telegraph, and publish in another column, a list of the winners of the five races run in Melbourne on the first day of the Victorian Jockey Club Spring meeting. We regret, however, to aee that the name of Mr. Hurtle Fiaher does not appear as owner of any of the winning horses. He has, however, entered several horses for the second day's races, in which we trust he may be more successful. We are glad to notice the establishment of a Penny Savings Bank in the colony, as we believe it will have a beneficial effect in inducing many, especially young people, to ' look after the pence.' Although started under the auspices of the Wesleyan Mutual Improve ment Association, its benefits can be enjoyed by every one in the country. Subscriptions from a penny to Is. at a time are received every Monday evening at the Pirie-street Wesleyan room. In the Insolvent Court on Friday J. Denman was granted a second-class certificate, and the final hear ing of W. HodgeB was adjourned for a month. A case came before the Police Court on Friday, of considerable importance to ohemists, connected with the sale of poisons under the Poisons Act, No. 6 of 1862\. The second section of that Act provides that all chemists ' before tbe delivery of any poison to a purchaser shall enter or cause to be entered in a fair and clear manner, in a book to be kept for that pur pose, in the form set forth in the schedule to this Act, or to the like effect, a statement of such sale, with the name of the poison bo sold, the quantity thereof, the purpose for which such poison is required or stated to be required, the day of the month, and year of Bale,' and the name, place of abode, and condition or occu pation of the purchaser and of the witness in all cases, as well as the age of the purchaser, and the person selling such poison is hereby required and authorised to enquire of the purchaser before the de livery to such purchaser of the poison sold, and such entry shall in every such case be signed by the per son making the same, and shall be also signed by the purchaser unless such purchaser proves to be unable to write, in which case the person making the entry shall do it,' &c.; Now, although this clause refers to a form in the schedule, by some oversight of the draftsman of the Act, although there are columns for the name, quantity, and date, there is none for the other particulars mentioned in clause 2, the omission of which renders a seller subject to a fine. In the case before the Police Court on Friday a book was produced, with an entry, in the form of the schedule, and the defendant's counsel, Mr. Boucaut, contended that the clause was inoperative if a person soldin the form of the schedule ; but although the case was not settled upon that point, His Worship ex pressed his opinion that unless the particulars men tioned in the clause were observed, that the seller would be liable to the fine, and intimated that chemists could easily protect themselves by adding a column in the form for the insertion of the full par ticulars required by the clause. We have thought it proper to draw attention to this matter, as it was mentioned in Court that not one chemist in town is in the habit of putting into writing the particulars required by the clause, considering a compliance with the form in the schedule sufficient. The last Gazette contains a list of the Commis sioners appointed by the Judges for taking affidavits in the Supreme Court of this province, which will be extremely useful to the members of the legal profes sion, who have often found a difficulty in knowing the names of Commissioners, particularly iu the country and out of the colony. In those places in which Local Courts have been established the Special Ma gistrates, or more frequently the clerks, have been ap pointed Commissionere, and these appointments will greatly facilitate the discharge of business. We notice that James Wm. Macdonald, Esq., is styled in the new list, ' Judge of the Insolvent Court,' and not ' Commissioner of Insolvency,' his more usual title. We find from the Record that a case having been laid before Sir Hugh Cairns, Q.C., and Dr. Archibald Stephens, Q.C., with reference to the rumoured ap pointment of Bishop Trower to the see of Gibraltar, those eminent counsel have decided that Scotch. Bishops are not competent to fill colonial sees. The following is the opinion : — ' We^are of opinion that, under the letters patent creating the Bishopric of Gibraltar, as under all letters patent which the Crown has been, in the habit of issuing for the creation of colonial sees, the person 'named and appointed9 by the Crown must be also ' canonically ordained and consecrated thereunto' by the Archbishop of Canter bury aocording to the ' form and usage of the United Church of England and Ireland ;' and that, inasmuch as Dr. Trower, being already a bishop of the Scottish, Episcopal Church, cannot comply with these condi tions, he would not, if appointed to the office of Bishop of Gibraltar, be competent to discharge the spiritual functions of a bishop of the United Church, of England and Ireland in that see. — H. M. GiiBifs ; A. T. Stephens. Lincoln's Inn, July 24, 1863.' The drama of 'Susan Hopley' was repeated at the Victoria Theatre on Friday evening. The ghost scenes were far better managed than on the previous, night, and in fact were very successful. The truth, is that on the first night the novelty of the illusions was so great that the very actors seemed to be a lo3S in performing with so new an auxiliary. Now, how ever, that the mechanism has begun to work satisfac torily we may expect a nightly improvement in the effects produced, and the public ought to avail them selves of the few opportunities that will be afforded them of seeing this very clever invention. To-night, in addition to 'Susan Hopley,' which will be repeated as the piece de resistance, an interlude will be performed entitled 'Fifteen minutes with the Ghost, or Spirited Reminiscences of a Fancy Ball,' in which a number of comic ghosts will be intro duced. On Friday evening, October 23rd, the Eev. C Colwell delivered an exceedingly interesting lecture upon the Wonders of the Heavens, in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall, before the Wesleyan Mutual Improve ment Society. There was a very large attendance of the friends and supporters of the Society. The Bev. J. Watsford, President of the Association, occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer to the meeting. The lecture, which was very instructive and interesting, was delivered in Mr. Colwell's usual happy and humorous manner, was listened to very attentively, and at its conclusion a vote of thanks to the lecturer was proposed by Mr. Cotton, seconded by Mr. John Colton, M.P., and carried unanimously. A similar compliment to the Chairman closed the meeting. Our Callington correspondent, under date 20th Ootober, says that the result of the workings on the Bremer Mine during the month continue to be of as favorable a nature as the report given for last month's summary. They have recommenced to sink the engine shaft under the 53 fathom level. The ground, driven in three weeks in the 53 end south is only two fathoms, in consequence of the lode being so very wet ; it is, however, good, and is going off to the east. In the 53 north a slide has come in easing the ground very milch, and improving the lode for ore, facilitating the driving to cut the bunch gone down in the bottom of the 43 fathom level. They ace now within about eight fathoms of Lean's Shaft in. the 43 end. The ore ground throughout this level is good, and large quantities are laid open for stoping. As the lode is very wide in some places, thejtimbering is expensive, and takeB up considerable time in putting in the stutts. The lode in the winze sunk north of the big bunch in the 33 level is about three feet -wide, and gires about two tons of ore per fathom. The stopea on the back of the 33 are still good, but getting very thin. Lean's Shaft is down five fathoms under the 33 level ; lode small but good. Building the engine pool, occupying several hands, has prevented a larger return of ore being made ; the quantity this month is only 180 tons. Begulus returned by the smelting Uorlu 48 tons, oi over 50 per oent, 