ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE LOCAL "EVILS OF INTEMPERANCE," AND A REMEDY: AN APPEAL TO THE INFLU- ENTIAL RESIDENTS OF THE WILLIAMS RIVER DISTRICT. (Per favor of the Mercury.) GENTLEMEN--It is from no foolish or vain-glorious desire of bringing myself under your notice that I address this "appeal" to you: actuated by purely con- scientious motives, and a hope that my efforts--however humble--may prove of some service to the community, I have ventured to publish it with a sure conviction of your approval. The writer is fully aware of the pre- sence in the district of gentlemen possessing sufficient advantages in education and maturity to handle the sub- ject with greater perspicuity, and display an amount of logical and masculine force hardly to be expected from an individual of his youth and inexperience; but, alas!-- if facts speak for themselves-- we cannot place energy as a ruling characteristic of the "Williams River intelli- gence," or I should not have been the first in attempting to show the necessity of counteracting, in some degree, the fearful ravages that curse of the world--intem- perance--is making in our beautiful district. I am not vain enough to imagine my individual efforts can have any other success, but to act as an incentive to those gentlemen, who are certainly more qualified to arouse you to a sense of your duties as parents, masters, and colonists; and I feel assured you would respond to the call and use combined influence in carrying out an object so essential to our welfare, both individually and collectively. Any person possessed of common sense must be alive to the evils of intemperance, therefore it is unnecessary to debate at length upon them; we have daily instances of the crime, misery, and destitution they are causing in the colony. What individual--whose ideas are not con- fined to horse-racing and money-making--could wander forth on one of these fine winter mornings, without admiring the scenery that everywhere meets his eye--when a magnificent Austral sunrise is sprink- ling blessings over hills and valleys, rich with vegetation, and showing the distant mountains with a flood of silver glory; whilst the music of rivulets and merry melodious birds is filling the pellucid atmosphere with a train of delicious sound; and nature in her wild and dreamy beauty looks up with calm reverence to the cerulean arch above-- those skies, so spotless and pure, a type of the Spirit that made them. Can that man gaze upon such a gorgeous array of loveliness without feeling sad when he reflects that the Godlike beings, for whose pleasure and benefit it exists, can allow their vicious passions to overcome and debase them to a level with the soulless brute? Perhaps he may meet a specimen of this during his ramble--some unfortunate wretch return- ing home after a week of debauch-- tottering along, haunted by the ghosts of a thousand good resolutions, and maddened by the presence of frightful objects--the creation of a distempered imagination; it passes by, a miserable self-made wreck of what might have been at least a respectable member of society, and the master of a happy home. And what are the causes! What brings our fellow-creatures to such a climax of folly and degradation? Alas! we have plenty at home. We will take an imaginary stroll down the main thoroughfare of a township not one hundred miles from hence. It is night, and the surrounding scenery presents that strange and weirdlike beauty pe- culiar to Australia. The pure, round, and intensely bright winter moon, yet low in the heavens, in clothing the far-off mountains with a robe of dazzling refulgence \--long white shapeless mists are trooping down the ca- verned gullies, and contending for supremacy with the shadows massing in their path. The atmosphere is so remarkably clear that the stars appear much nearer and brighter than in the summer season; vivid meteor co- nstellations startle the vision almost momently; and the pleasant noise of the waters gushing over their pebbly channels break upon the ear, mingled with the sound of a smothered wind, fitfully wailing through the foliage of the dark native oak, where the flutebird sings all day and the melancholy curlew keeps the moaning night awake with its screams. But I am digressing and surely taxing your patience with poetical rhapsodies. Armed with stout canes, a necessary weapon to check the ferocious demonstrations of those ubiquitous pests mongrel curs--we proceed on the aforesaid ramble, carefully avoiding the ruts and chasms peculiar to our provincial streets, till we reach one of the principal hotels. Not being remarkably impressed with the archi- tectoral beauties of its exterior, let the interior command our attention. In the bar a motley scene presents itself: four or five decrepit old lushingtons, long beyond all reformation, are lying or sitting on the seats, in the last stages of intoxication; a bagatelle table, centrally placed, occupies the attention of some twenty young men, who are standing round and watching the playing with intense interest--a little betting is going on-- "rounds of nobblers" are laid on the result of the game. The conversation is lively, though certainly not of an edifying nature; stale jokes, chaffing, and occasionally swearing, form its chief characteristics. The barkeepers are kept busy replenishing the glasses, at the losing parties' expense, till a late hour of the night, when this choice company separates--many of its members then, to tell the truth, rather elevated--or, to tell the whole truth, quite tipsy. The foregoing is no ideal picture. Night after night it affords ocular proof of the debasing influence such scenes hold upon the younger and more inexperienced members of our community. The major portion of those who attend are young men, sons of the neighbouring agri- culturists, who after the day's hard toil in the field naturally seek for some recreation which the monotony of home cannot afford them. The town is therefore visited. No counter-attraction of a more beneficial nature existing, the public house, with its concomitant allurements, is irresistable; evil habits--the inevitable results of frequenting such places--are contracted, which, growing stronger with each repeated visit, in the course of time will transform many of those youths into hardened drunkards, morally and physically ruined--a misery to themselves, and nuisances to society in general. Oh, it is sad to see my countrymen--these noble, generous young fellows--some, indeed, possessing intellectual abilities which, if cultivated, would earn at least respect \--literally throwing themselves away. From experience the writer knows how hard it is to wrestle with an evil habit. Although yet young, I have allowed temptation to triumph on many occasions; but, arrayed in the armour of a stout resolve, I am determined not to falter again. A most blessed sight is a bad passion worsted; the retrospection is Godlike to the individual who has battled successfully. I hope the above remarks have no tendency to offend the publicans, who are collectively respectable and useful members of the community, and certainly not answerable for the frailties of their customers. But there is some blame attached to you, who, with the advantages of education, intellect, and wealth, have the noble privilege to exert your- selves for the welfare of those in a less happy condition and you have a right to step forward, and encourage any well-devoted effort calculated to suppress folly and ignor- ance; to raise our youth above that which is low and vulgar; and to widen the domain of their social, mental, and moral worth. To carry out this great desideratum, we should have institutions established in our towns, providing instructive and amusing entertainment, at a charge within the means of all. Experiments of this kind have been made in other parts of the colony, and unequivocal success has vindicated their adoption. Schools of Arts and reading-rooms are springing up in most of the chief towns, offering every encouragement to young men to proceed onward in the pursuit of knowledge, and satisfy the public mind that they are not behind their age. And why are we without these at home? The incalculable benefit they would confer upon us would a thousandfold repay the little trouble and expense in- curred in their formation. It is of you we ask this boon. With the influence we lack, a little practical energy on your part would surely be crowned with success, and the consequences would be equally gratifying to you as ourselves. The public house attraction, with its debasing associations, would be gradually superseded--a moral and intellectual popu- lation formed. You would make your lives sublime. The blessings of those who, but for your exertions, might have become drunkards and outcasts, will attend you to the grave; and if the noble example you will have set is followed by others in your position throughout the country, then Australia will eventually realise the poet's wildest dream, and become at once physically, intellectu- ally, and morally, the most perfect nation the sun ever shone upon. I am, gentlemen, yours, respectfully, BASIL E. KENDALL. Dungog, August 9th, 1863. 