MISCELLANEOUS. Tonicro.—Mr. Hencly, of Oxley, informed me yesterday, that from one and a half acres planted with Ilavannali tobacco, he had obtained a first crop of l,01Glb. of leaf. He believes that the total crop from his eighteen acres will be something over ten tons of tobacco, which, at the rate of 2s. per lb., will be worth £2,240. At this rate tobacco is the crop of crops.— How to Keep Chaff Svf.et.—Horse chaff, cut from elover hay and wheat straw, will keep sweet, if some common salt is sprinkled in layers on the cliafl', or mixed with it; but it ought to be compressed tightly in the box or heap in which in it is kept. 'Ibis recipe, I should think, will npply to 6traw cliafl alone.— A Scientific Fact.—Some ladies recently paid a visit to the Magnetic Observatory, Melbourne, and were kindly taken by Professor Neumaycr into the under-ground room where the magnets arc placed. There was instantly produced a great commotion amongst the instruments, and tbe Professor seemed for a moment puzzled, but recollecting what a load of steel ladies generally carry about with them, the visitors with their hoops had to make a 6peedy exit. Ladies desirous of seeing the Observatory will do well to leave their hoop arrangements at home.— Kkevinc GNAI'Es.—The Gardeners' Chronicle states that Mr. Thomson, of Dalkeith, adopted the following method of keeping grapes with great success:—In cutting the grapes be left the bunches attached to tbe branches that bore them, sharpened the points of the branches where they had becn detached from the parent stem, and ran them a couple of inches into mangold- wurtzel roots. They were laid on the shelf of the fruit room, and tlie grapes allowed to hang over the shelf, where they could be cut as required. They kept perfnctly plump until the last bunch was consumed. Tobacco from Chkswick.—We, yeoman, have received a sample of manufactured tobacco from a correspondent at Crcswick. In appearance it U not by any means prepossessing, for having been pressed apparently oetween pieces of cloth, the tobacco is deeply imprinted with impressions of it, and seems likca flattened mass of rags. On having its smoking qualities tested, the Creswick tobacco is undoubtedly superior to much of the tobacco manufactured here from colonial produce. Some manufacturers so saturate the leaf with moisture, in the form of treacle or some other ingredient, that the tobacco will not hum. The sample from Creswick, however, burns well and the flavor is agreeable, although there is evidently a vegetable odour about the leaf, probably from its having been ini|ierfcctly " sweated." A NITW Argument auaxnst Cuikolinb.— A medical gentleman states a new argument against crinoline, which is certainly astonishing. In a letter to a London paper, he says :— " I trust that you will find a space in your columns for this my protest against the continuance of this shameful fashion which iB a disgrace to the age we live in. From the knowledge gained in the course of a tolerably extensive practice amongst tlie better classes, I can assure you that the effects of wearing this weight of hoops and petticoats round the waist is dreadful. Hernia has increased to a frightful extent, and varicose veins and permanent and most serious injuries to portions of the abdominal regions (which of course cannot be particularized in a public print) prevail to au extent of which the public has not the least idea. Were I a young man, I should now hesitale to marry any giri, no matter how beautiful soever she might appear, unless I had means of ascertaining through reliable sources >b»t, «i.i>' was in a proper state of health, lest I should find myself tied to a tiling of hoops and petticoats whom I ought to hare taken to die nearest hospital instead of to church. Are our leaders of fashion feo incapabe of originating a dress that we must go to 1 France for lier detestable follies? Why cannot some of our own ladies meet and determine a national and rational style of dress 9 They might adopt many loose and elegant forms of flowing robes, without destruction to life and health (e.g., the Turkish costume in a most elegant and unconstrained style). If something of tlie kind is not soon done I can only warn the young men of the present day,against inarrying, as it is now a lottery in health where there are Beventy-flve blanks to twenty-five prizes. I earnestly bope that my medical brethren will lend their aid to the press to asout this dangerous abomination crinoline, out of the land." The WAr to take Piitsic.—The Melbourne Medical ItecordioT February mentions the following pleasant mode .of administering castor-oil as being recommended by M.Martin. The quantity of oil required is put in an earthern iari, a'u egg is'broken oh it, the pan is then Jtested, and the oil and egg shaken up together, so as to produce an auf brouille. A little salt is tljen added. "Ihave given," he says, "to a man au omelette of three eggs and 45 grammes of oil, and he lias eaten it without finding out tbe oil." A correspondent writing to ub from Glenelg states that a lady there having lately a little invalid boy visiting ber for the benefit of sea-bathing, gave him some castor-oil in warm milk, simply saying, "Here's something foryou." The child drank it with apparent relish, and the next morning asked for " some more of what she gave liim yesterday." It appears, however, that the lady had supplemented ber gift by the present of a piece of orange peel, which pcrliaps counteracted tlie nauseous flavor of the oil.— Anclo-6axon Weddinus.—Not till the ninth or tenth century did women obtain the privilege of choosing or of refusing their husbands. Often they were betrothed as children, the bridegroom's pledge of marriage being accom- panied by a " security" or " wed," whence comes the word " wedding." Part of the wed always consisted of a ring, placed upon the maiden's right hand, and there religiously kept until transferred to the other hand at the later nuptials. Then, also were repeated the marriage vows and other ceremonies, out of which those prevailing liave grown. The bride was taken "for fairer for fouler, for better for worse, forjricher for poorer," and promised to be "buxom and bonny" to her future husband. At the final ceremony the bridgegroom put the ring upon each of the bride's left-hand fingers in turn, saying, at the first, " In tlie name of the Father," at the second, "In the name of tho Son." at the third. "In the name of the Holy Ghost," and at the fourth, "Amen." Then, also, the father gave to his new son one of his daughter's shoes, in token of the trauBfer of authority which he eflected, and the biide was at once made to feel the change by a tap or blow ou her head given with the shoe. Tbe husband, on his part took an oath to use his wife well. If lie failed to do so, bIic might leave him, but by law he was allowed considerable licence. He was bound iu honor " to bestow on his wife and apprentices moderate castigation." We have nothing to show the exact amount of castigation held moderate by tlie Anglo-Saxons, but one old Welsh law decides that threeblows with a broomstick on" any pai t of the person except the head" is a fair allowance : and another provides that the stick be not longer than the husband's arm, nor thicker than ]iie middle finger. Prior to the seventh century, a wife might at any time be repudiated oil proof of her being either barren, deformed, silly, passionate, luxurious, rude, habitually drunk, gluttonous, very garrulous, quarrelsome, or abusive.— The Horse and Betting—Nobody is ever made more immoral by a taste for cows and cats. Tlie donkey has flourished in civilized society for centuries without ever inflicting the slightest moral injury upon those who take an interest iu his welfare. But tbe horse, the noblest of animals, seems to exhale an arouia of vice that clings to all nronnd liim. A racecourse is a centre of demoralization to a neighborhood for miles round. The bettinghouses are averred, on good authority, to be til? main source of tile enormous dishonesty which characterizes the race of the domestic servants In London. To be a horsedealer is, in vulgar repute, almost synonymous with being a rogue. The taint of the trade is apt to catch even those who only engage it for the occasion. Just as the tost of a clergyman's morality is said to be his power of keeping his hands offi a stray umbrella— just as you never know a woman's true character till lier daughters come out—so the touchstone of a layman's honour is his behaviour in selling a horse to a dear friend. If he can resist tlie temp, tation of playinghisfriend a dirty trick, he may be trusted with untold gold. Yetthere seems no particularreason in the nature of things why the traffickers in horses should not be just as respectable as land agents or jewellers. In the same way there is no obvious reason why a strong taste for horseflesh should be looked upon as an outward sign of dissipated habits. But yet, if a young gentleman of large expectations betrays a vehement inclination for the turf, the world concludes that lie will certainly injure his fortune, probably his prospects of usefulness and distinction, and possibly even his good name. And the world is generally right. Going to the horses is too apt to be a preliminary to going to the dogs.—' Saturday Hcview.' Cluii Scandal at Pabis.—The Paris correspondent of the 1 Independance' thus refers to a circumstance mentioned by a Paris correspondent:—" The recommendation of political reserve which wns made to-day to the journals was accompanied by a another relative to a private fact, which ought to fall within the domain of justice. It refers to a scandal amongst gamblers, who accuse each others of cheating and robbery. The scene occurred at the house of one of the celebrities of the Parisian detni- mondc and amongst the actors in it are mentioned, on the one side, several personages well known at the clubs, and on the other a renowned gambler. M. G. , and the director of a great artistic enterprise. MX'. . The two latter, it is said, had won a considerable snm, liiO.OOOf., when the losers alleged that the game was not fair. M. G. —was searched, and there was found upon him packets of prepared eur.js, tlie players refused to allow the winnings. It is even said that violence was used towards the two over-successful players. Tho latter assert that much more was taken from them than they had gained, and they are not sparing of recriminations and accusations against their adversaries. Their protests, however, do not seem to have had much weight; for M. G was yesterday expelled two dubs, the • Ccrcle des Americaine, and the Cercle Imperial,' of which he was a a member. It was tbe Duke de Morny in person who was active in this step at the Cercle Imperial." The whole of the mails and the entire cargo of the Colombo -were recovered by Heinke*s diving apparatus. It is bliss to learn lessons in love, when a good girl is our teacher. Wmigaratta Cmraqmndent of the Border Post. A. 1). \V„ in the Field. Yeoman. South Australian llegister. Thrujtp's Anglo-Saxon house. ? ? 