TJac C3ajii6*«'En in (From the Inverness Advertiser, i'lay !?) I There has just been published a volume^ en titled ' Nine Months in' the United States by t.lie llev Dr Fisch, pastor of the , Frcnch 1'- vaii - tvcl'cal Church in Paris. Dr Fisch arrived in ho Uniti d States seven nio' ilhs beforo -. Iii!,, com mencement of tho war, and stayed there two months after. 1 '-Tho pKjeat- of his journey and ?l'usidence appears to have' been to -seo all ' that could be seen of v the : people and - especially, 'of tl o'.r religious life- Two of tho most interesting , chapters of; his- narrative are devoted to tlie j ' Unity- of tlio American Church - but throug out tlio' book aro ' scattered notices ' of . tlie character of the religious 'life 'in Aiiiertca/; and the infliienee which it exercises over the national welfare iiud habits. ? Thus he explains 0110 or .two features of political life ; -by ? preference to the raiilc which religion -occupies. '-There is not '\he. says,', tho smallest,vilh-go that does not cut the horizon with: several belfries. . And tlieso churches, exceeding in number An ty thousand have all been bnilt and aro all iiiaiutained by private individuals' There must be extraordinary vitality, in the religious feeling of ; a country where religion has conquered for itself tlio first place, in. spite of: many -causes that tend to weaken it, and . where the State systematically abstains from rendering it any assistance.' Dr Fisch goes 011 to tell us that experience proves that the American solu.ion of the religious question is. 'as beneficial in its results as it is simple and logical.' Hjw ? First in the extent of its success : — ' Tl e aspcct of Americi ' says Dr Fisch, is a joweiful apology f.ir Christianity'. It numbers not less than forty-four Evangelical Churche? belonging to five or six distinct groups who recognise not external authority. Picligious thiiugh acts with perfect independence. Theology is taught in hundreds of seminaries having be tween them 110 other tie than that of Christfun love, and uo other relations than those of co operations. \et in all the; e places the great doctrines of tho Gospel are taught with equal cheerfulness and vigor. These churches possess in common the vital doctrines of fc'.e Divine inspiration of the Scriptures, the fall of man, tho Trinity redemption by the atoning sacrifice of the Saviour, gratuitous salvation, justification by faith, ic.'cneration hy the Holy Ghost. Ah! if we sigh after that day fur our Europe when tbe Church shall be separated from the State, it is that we know how favourable this system is to the triumph of Christian truth.' Further on we are presented with the follow ing valuable facts: — ' At the census 1S50 there were 86,000 churches. There are now forty eight thousand. By counting one paster for each church, which is ti small allowance, we get. a budget of i£4, 800,000 to meet the expenses of worship— that is to say, a budget thrice the amount of that of France — the funds of which budget are entirely supplied by the congrega tion3 Besides this, the total vnlue of these forty-eight ..thousand . churches is £23,040,000 sterling, which sum has been subscribed by pri vate individuals. Every year twelve hundred additional' churches' are built at a.cost of £1,600,000. . To this is to be added the budget for superior instruction;; which. is-, altogether sup-, plied by private' liberality, aud also the budget of innumerable philanthropic and religious soci eties, -which also amount to not less -than -£2,000,000. ~ , , Next, Dr. Fisch indicates the unity ...of ? the church, i' Yoit:iiever hear of sects in tho.United States,':sayswir. author, and lie contras.s the ?genial;' courteous, spirit that characterises the ecclesiastical ji urnalism of America, with the carping habits of European writers. ? ' Not one of them can say to the; rest, I am the Church, j'otv are 'Dissenters.' ? Where there is no superi ority there is no jealously.' How that state of things operates with respect to the civil constilu tion to cliurch property, to marriage, to minis terial character, to theology, and. to' public in structions are rapidly reviewed; the author's, summary being that ' while the state has no rea son to complain of- the liberality allowed the Church, -the latter has abundant reason\ to con gratulate itself. Tlio American. Church derives from this liberty that vitality and influeuco which give it the superiority over all Churches in the old world.' Fragrance. — Oh, world ? of . mystery that everywhere hangs about us and within us! Who can, even in imagination; penetrate to the com monest of. the phenomena of our daily life ? Take for instance, one of these pots of Narcisa. We have ourselves had a plant of the variety known as Solicl D' or in flower in a sitting-room for six weeks; during ti e depth of winter, giving forth the wholu of that time, without (so far as we know) ceasing, even during sleep (for we need hardly toll our readers that plants do sleep), the same'full stream of fragrance. Love itself does not seem to preserve more absolutely its wealth, while most liberally dispensing it ! That frag rance has a material basis, though we cannot de tect it by our finest tests. What millions of millions of atoms must go to the formation of even a single gust, as it were, of this divine flower-breath. Yet this goes 011 through seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, and ceases onV with the health of the flower petals. Where, then, in these petals — these thin unsubstantial cream flakes— may wo look to find stored up all these iiicxhaustaMe supplies ? Where indeed ? and if 'tliey .are' not stored up, but, ? aewly created aud given forth, is not that oven more wonderful I Would that, any one could show us thp nature and modes of operation of such miraculous chemistry. — Leigh Hunt's Journal. Eigiity-four and . Ninety.— A lady,, .who, witnessed the two incidents described by her, thus rcirds.-.in )tlie Queen, the ^appearance of Lord Breiyhara-aiul' of' Hirry - f Exeter,' aifuw nights ago in the House of Peers :— A noble aud learned lord, whose name is historical, and which will live with the language, spoke a few evenings since in the Lords, but not with a' spark of- that vigor which shook: that House during tho-memor-. able trial of Queen Caroline, aiid aft erwards at the still memorable epoch of tlio Reform Bill. ? .Tho.paii.fu n-?s5 of the incident consisted in the alinVst .decrepit weakness- the : noble and learned lord exhibited a weakness which.. was. made tl.o moro painfully manifest when lie, stopped ,m the '?mifiiilo nf his sneneh. and in or k-r to render his a-i'cula'.iou t' e easier to him e'f, a id clearer to his auditors; removed the art -ft -ial adjuncts to his mouth.. 'It was with 110 litt'e - d-flic.ilty- that lie could do so- and when lie had eocmnplished it; his ai't eulation was worse than it .was -bt-foio. He.stood upon the floor the wreck.of a great , man indeed. . He is now eighty-four years _of age. 'another legislative. Nestor that same evening. dis- played fie infirmity that must of necessity, at tend; oil age. Au ecclesiastical question was brought. oh— something in connection with the burial service— and; the Bishop of Exeter,, who is, I bcliove, near ninety years of age, oame down to speak upon the subject. It was a painful sight. Tbe old man, attired in his full canoni cals, as all the Bishops are when in tlio House of Lords, rose from his seat, and tottering to tho table, addressed himself to the subject under con sideration, but he had not proceeded far when it was seen that he could not battle with his infirm l ities, and he tottered back to his seat, and be was allowed to conclude his observations while 1 seated. 