B.A.B AND IUS FMEND8. By Jobw Uhown, M..D. Tora-iKD-TBiRTY yesra ego, Dob Air.nlte and 1 were coming up Infiimary-Btrcet fiom tbe High School, our heads together, bud our arms intertwisted, a» only lo^rs and boys know how, or »hy. When we got to the top of the ttrcet, and turned north, we espied a crowd at the Troo Church. ' A dog. fight t' shouted Dob, and was off; tnd »o *?* I. Doth of us all but praying thai it inigni not ne otcr before -we got up ! And is not this boy-nature i and human nature too i and don't we all wish a house on fire not to be out before vre are it ' Dogs like fighting ; old Isaac ?ays »hcy 'dilijiht' in it, null fur the best of all TeasonB ; and boye are net cruel because they like to see the Sent. The y see three of the great cardinal virtues of dog or man— courage, endurance, nnl skill — in inteni-e uciion. TUk ia very different from a lore cf making dog» light, arid enjoying, and apgtavnthg, end making yam by tluir pluck. A boy — be he cvrr so fund himttif of lighting, if he be a eood boy, hates snd detjiieeti r. 11 this, but l;c would have run off with Dob utid ii: c fast enough : it is a natur.il, end not a wicked interest, that n:lt-mn and men have in wit neming inunbe energy in bc ion. Dock any curious and finely- ignorant woinnn wish to ki.ow how Bob's oy* tt a gl-nce announced a dog figfct to hie brain i lie did not, he could nut fiee tile digs fluting ; ii w«B a Hash of (.11 inference, a rapid induction. The crowd round ft couple of dogs fight ing, is a trowel mu-cuiinc umulv, with en occa.Bi.inal aciivp, tompaetionate woman, fluttering wildly round the outride, and using her tongue and her hands freely vptn the nun, sf 10 many 'bru'es;' it is a crowd araular, compact, and mobile; a crowd centripetal, having its eyes ui.d its l.cids all heat downwards und :n»BiOu, to tnc common focus. Well, Mob and I aic up, and find it is not over : a small thoroughbred, white bull-ieriicr in busy throt tling a large jjn-piitrd's dog, unaccustomed to war, but not to be trilled with, Thi-y are hard at it ; the tcicntific liitle fellow doing his work in great style, liia patlorul ctcmy lighting wildly, but wiln the (harpeftof tee- ili and t gifcat courage. Science an') bleeding, however, B'.on had their own j the (Ja^c Chicken, tt the jircniuiure liob called him, working his way up, touk his final grip of poor Yarrow'* throw — and lit lay (jaeping snd done far. His master, a blown, handBuinr, big young ehepheid from Xwtcdbniuir, nould Love Hkid in have knocked down any man, would ' drink up Ksil, or cat 4 crocodile,' for that part, if he had n chance: it was no use kicking the little dog ; that would only make him hold tue cli ecr. Many were the meanB hhou'.cd out in mouth - fuls, ofiht bout possible nay of ending it. ?' Water!' but there was none near, and many ciicd fur it who might have got it fn.ni the well at Hlftckfrinn Wynd. ' Lite the tail !' olid u large, vague, benevolent, inid dle-iigeel man, more dc-eirjus than wise, with come struggle got the bushy end of l'arroic'i tail in-o his ample mouth, and btt it with all his might. This was more than enough for the much-enduring, muchper spiring Khcphcrd, who, with a gleam ol joy over his broad visage, delivered t terrific facer upon r.ur large, vague, benevolent, middle-aged friend, — wiio went down iikc a i-hot. Still the Chickm tolds ; dtath not far off. 'Snuff! a) inch of Knurl !' obtcrved a calui, highly- dressed young buck, with an eye-glass in his eye. ' Snuff, indicd!' grovltd the angty crowd, affronted and glaring. 'KnufT! a jiinch of muff!' again otorcrves the buck, but vitb more urgency ; whereon, were pro duced several ojicn boxui, and from a mull which may hare been at Culiodcn, lie took a pinch, knelt down, and presented itto the nwe of the Chicken. The law* of pli) biology ar.et of snufTtuke their course ; the Chicken tucczet, mid Yutsht is free ! Ttc young pnsloi al yiut stalks off with Yarrow in hip uimt,— cijiifi.rting him. But the buii-ten ier'e blood is up, and his eoul un satisfied ; he grips the lirtt dog he meets, and dis covering she is not a dog, in Homeric phrase, he moke* a brief sort of amende, and is off. The boys, with Hob and me at their head, arc after him : down Kiddry- ttrett he goes, bent on mischief ; up the (Jow gate like an anon — liob and 1, and our email men, jiui.ti. g behind, Untie', under the single arch of ihe South lirUge, is a huge mastiff, tauMciing d vwn the mid lie of the causeway, asifwitU his hands in his pockets: he is eld, r-i y, brindled, as big as a little Highland bull, and liob tt e Shald-pemn dewlaps shaking as he goes, Ti e Chicken makch Htraight at him, Mid fasti m on his throat. To our art nii- hmen', the great creature does nothing but etand ml', h'ld hinlBi H up, and roar — yet roar ; a long, fceriou?, rtmonbtrativu rj^r. How is il,i* r Hob mm I lire up to them. He is muzzled! U'hebailics bad proclaimed a general muzzling, and his u.UiU'r, studying strength and econumy mainly, Imd tneompaeeed his hngc ja»s in a home-mide apparatus, constructed out of the leuih-r of some ancient hrecdim. 1Kb mjuth was open as far as it could ; Lie lips curled up ia r»gc — a errt of tcirible grin; Ins Ueth gleaming, ready, fri in out the daikntss ; the fi'raj) across his mouth tense as a boniitring ; his whole frame etiif wi-h ^indignation and turjirihe ; hia roni ubking us all round, ' JUid you ever sec the like of this '?' lie looked a fctstuc of anger and astonishment, done in Abcidcen grst.ite. We soon had a crowd : the Chicken held on. ' A knife!' cried Hob; *nda cobbler gave him hib kniirj you know the kind cf kuife, worn away obliquely to a point, mid ulwiiye kefii. I put i:& edge :o ihe ltn-c leather ; it ion btfore it; bnd then ! one Euddeii jerk of that (.noimoUK head, a tort of dirty mist about hU mouth, 1.0 noiee, — and the bright and Ikrce little fel low is dropped, limp, and dead. A sjkmn fuuse ; this was more than uny of us had bargained lor. 1 turned the little filluw over, and saw he was quite dcud ; the mnbtill had tiken him by the binall of tbe back like a rat, and broken it. He looked donn at his victim appeased, ashamed, snd amazed ; mulJtd him all over, btartd at him, and taking a sudden thought, turned round and trotted off, Jiob took the dtBd dug up, and said, ' John, we'll ouiy him nficr tea,' 'Yes,' said I, aud was off after tbe mastiff. He made up the Cowgat* at a rapid swing; he had foigoitensonic engagement. He turned up the dndleuiaktr-rcw, and stopped at the Hmtow Inn. There was s carrier's cart ready to 6tart, and a keen, thin, im) ntient, black-a-viscd little man, his hand at hie grey horse's head, looking about angrily for tomelbing. ?' Kab, ye tliief!' said he, aiming a kick at my great friend, who drew cringing up, and avoiding the littvy hli.c with more agility than dig nity, and wutcling his master's eye, slunk dismayed under the cart,— his eiirs down, and us much as he had «f tail down too. M'hat » man this must be — thought I— to whom my tremendous hero turns tail ! The carrier saw the nuzzle hanging, cut and useless, from his neck, and I ttgerly told him the story, wliicli Hob and I always thought, and Btill think, Homer, or King David, or Sir \V alter, alone were worthy to rehearse. The itverc little ir.an wue mitigated, and condescended to say, 'Bab, nui man, puir llubbie,'— whereupon the stump of a tail rose up, the eart were cocked, the eyes fiUtd, and wer-: coo. foiled ; the two fiicnds were re conciled. ' llupp I' end a stroke of the whip were given to Jets ; and off vent the three. Bob and I buried the Game Cliickcn that night (we bed cot much of a teu) in the back-green of hia liouee, in Mehille.fctrtct, No. 17, with considerable gravity «nd silence ; and being at the time in the Hi id, and, like ell boys, Trojutib, we call him Hector of course. * « * * ? Six years have pnBBed,— a long time for a boy and a dog ; iiob Aimlie jb oil to the wars ; 1 am a medical student, and cleik atWin-o House Hospital. K«b I Bi.w nlniobt ever) week, on the Wednesday ; and we had much pTeottnt intimacy. I found the way to his heart by frequent scratching of hie huge head, and an rcc--sional bone, When 1 did not notice )um he would plant liimxclf straight before me, and stand ?wagging that bud of a tail, and looking up, with his head a little 10 tbe one side. His master I occasion ally taw ; he used to call 010 ' Maister John,' but was laconic as any Spartan One fine October afternoon, I was leaving the hos piUl, when 1 urn the large gate open, and in walk«d Jlab, with that great and easy saunter of his. He looked ta if tilling general possession of the place; like the Duke of Wellington tutoring n subdued city, BatiBttd with victory and peace. After him came Jess, now white from age, with her cart; and ia it a woman, carefully -wrapped up,— the carrier leading the horse anxiously, and looking back. When he saw me, JbtnCT (for Ids name was James Noble) made a curt and grotesque ?' boo,' and said, ' Maistcr John, this is the mistress ; she's got a trouble ia her breest Dome kind o'sn income we're thinkin'.' By this time 1 saw the woman's face; she was sit ting on a sack filled with straw, her husband's plaid round her, and his big coat, with its large white metal buttons, over her feet. I sever saw a more unforgetahle face— pale, serious, lonely, ? delicate, sweet, without being at all what we call fine. She looked sixty, end had on a mutch, white as fnow, with its black ribbon; her silvery, smooth hair setting off her dark-grey eyes— eyes such «» one tee* oply twice or thrice in a lifetime, full of ? It Ii not euy gtrinar till link by one word ; It mi npraa jtc of her btli* h much of her life alone, culltring, full also of the overcoming ol it ; her tve bre/WB black and delicate, and bermouth firm, pitieut, aud contented, which few mouths ever are. An 1 have taid, I never saw a more beautiful coun tenance, cr one more subdued to settled quiet. 'Ailic,' BBid James, 'this isUaieter John, the young dorter ; Hub's freend, ye ken. We of icn speak ubooc you, doctor.' She umilcd, and made a movement, bat Btiid nothing; und prepared to come down, putting hir plaid aside ard rising. Had Solomon, in all hm glory, been handing down the Queen of Bheba at his palace gat' , ),c could t.ot have done ii m-rc daintily, more tenderly, more like a gentleman, than did James the Howg&'.c currier, when he lifted down A'lie his wife. Tuccontiatt of his email, Bwarthy, Weaiher btaten, keen, worldly face to hers — pale, subdued, and beouriful— was something wonderful. Hub looked on concerned and puzzled, but ready for any thing that might turn up,— were it to s rangle the nuite, the for cr, or even me, Ailic and he seemed gn a*, friends. 11 As 1 was ssyin', she's got a kind o' trouble in her brccbt, doctor ; wull jc ink a look at it.' We walked iiito the contulling 100m, all four ; Kab grim aud comic, willing lobe happy and confidential if cause could be hhown, billing ulro tobc ihe reverse, on tne same terms. Ailie si-.t down, undid her open gown and her lawn hnndkcrchu - round her neck, and, without n word, hhowerl rue her right brfiat t, 1 1 loked at and cxaminrd it carefully, — ohe und Ja'nen watch ing me, &r.;& Hab eyeing all three. What could I siy r thi re it «£s, that hud once been so toft, so shapely, so white, bo gracious and bountiful, so ' full of all bleBs-.d c- ndiiiont,'— hurd ok a stone, a centre of hurrid piin, miking that pale face, with its grey, lucid, reasonable, «-yc», tnd itB sweet rcbolvcd mouth, express the full me at- ure of fufiering overcome. Why waB tha*. gcmle modeBt, Bwtct woman, clean and loveablc, condemned by (iod t'j heir such a burden * I got hir away to bed. ' May Rab and me bide r' taidJomcB. ' 1'oumoy; end llab, if he will behave himttlt.' ' The warrant he's do that, doctor ;' and in eluiik the iJtbful biatit. I wi-h you could luve seen him. There arp no buch dogs now. Uebelanged to a lost tribe. At. I huve caid, lie was brindled, and gri'y like Hubifclaw granite ; his hair i-hort, hard, and elofo, like a lion's , his body thick Bet, like a little bull— r tort of compreM^cd Hercules of a dog. lie muRtliavcbrcn ninety jounds weight, at the l«an ; he bad a Inrge blunt head ; liif muzzle black as night, I hip mouth blacker than any night, a tooth or two — being ell he had — gleaming out of his jaws of dark nttfc. Hi* head was scaned with the records of old woutds, a sort -jf i-crii s of fields of battle all over it ; -vne eye out, one enr ciopped as close SB was Arch Ij.hhop Liifihton'ti fnther's ; the remaining eye had tiie power of two ; and above it, and in constant com munication with it, was a tattered rag of an car, vhich wex for ever unfurling itself, like an old flag ; and then that bud of a till, about one inch lung, if it could in any tenic be laid to bc long, being ok broad as long — the mubi ity, the inttantaneouFncss of that bud were very funny nnd burprUing, and its express ive twinkling and winking?, the iiitercommunicni.ms bctwi en the evp, the ear and it were of the oddest and Kwiftekt. Hub had the dignity Mid simplicity of great size ; and having fought his way all along the road to absolute supremacy, he whs as mighty in his own line as Julius CVsar -r the Duke of Wellington, and had the grav;ty ? of ell preat fighicrp. \'cu must hsve otun obetrved the likeness ofcer tain men to certain animals, and of certain dogs 10 men. Now, I never looked at liab without thinkii^ of the great Baptist preacher, Andrew Fuller. t The seme ltrpc, heavy, menacing, combative, sombre, honctl countenance, the same deep inevitable eye, the stme look,— as of thunder aBlecp, but ready, — neither a riog r.or a mun to be trifled with. Next day, my matter, the gutgron, examined Ailic. There was no doubt i! dust kill her, sod to'-n. It could be re moved — it might never return — it would give her speedy relief— the should have it done. She curtsied, lock-d at JsmcF, and taid, ' Whtnr' 'To-morrow,' said the kind surgeon — a man of few words. She and JameB and Hub end I retired. I noticed that he and ^e Fpokc little, but sfeincd to anticipate everything in each other. The following day, at noon, the stu drr.ts came in, hurrying up the great ttair. At the first hndiiig-placc, on asmall well-known blackboard, wafc a bit ot papi r f&*tcr-ed by wafers, and miny re mains ol old wafers betide it. On the paper were the wordf, — 'An operation to-day. J. I!., clerk.' Up ran the ynuth«, eager to pceure good places : in they crowded, full of interest tnd talk. ' Wha'.'s the cai-e f' ' Which side is it ?' Don't tbir.k them heartless ; they arc neither better nor woise than you or 1 : they get over their VrofeFfional horrors, and into their proper work ; and in them pity - ns an emotion, ending in iisclf or at best in tetre arid a long-drawn breath, lessens, while pity as a tnotitc, is quickened, and gains power and pur pose. It is well for poor human nature that it is so. Tlie operating theatre is crowded ; much talk and fun, and all the cordiality and stir of youth. Tue surgeon wi'ii his staffof assistants is there. In comes Ailie; one look at her quiets and abates the eager students. That beautiful old woman is too much for them ; they tit down, end arc dumb, and gaze at her, Thei-c rough boys feel the power of her presence. She walks in quickly, but without haste ; drepeed in her mutch, her neckerchief, her white dimity short-gown, her black bombasetn petticoat, showing her white worsted stockings and her carpet shoes. Be hind her was James with Hah. JomcB sat down in ihe distinct, and took that huge and noble head be tween his kneeB. liab looked ^perplexed and dan perous ; for ever cocking his ear and dropping it ai fast. Ailic stepped up on a seat, and laid herself on the 'abU1, as her friend the surgeon told her; arranged hertclf, ga\e a rapid look at James, shut her eyes, ie«ied heiMlf on mi;, and took my hand. The opera tion was at once begun ; it wae necessarily slow ; and chloroform— one of God's best gifts to his Buffering children — was then unknown. The surgeon did his woik. Tl'c pale fuce showed its pun, but wns Btill sr.d silent. Hub's eoul was woiking within him ; he saw that something strange wub going on, — blood ilov ing from his llliftrebP, and she suffering ; h'B ragged esr wns up, antlimpoitunate ; he griwle-d and gave now ar.d then a sharp impatient yelp ; he would have liked to have done something to that nun. Hut JanifB had him iirm, and gave him a glower from time 10 time, and mi intimation of a possible kick; all the better for Jumc?, it kept his --yc and his mind off Ailie. It is ovir: the is dressed, s'eps gently and de cently down from tbe table, look's for James ; then, turning to the mrgcon and the students, ehe curtsies nnd in u low clear voice, begB iheir pardon if she has behaved ill. The students — all of ut — wept like chil. dren ; the Burgeon happed her up carefully, — Bnd, resting on JamcB and me, Ailie went to her room, Rab following. We put her to bed. James took off his heavy thocs, crammed with tacket6, heel-capped and t-!E-capt, and put them carefully under the table, say ing, ' Maistcr John, I'm for nane o' yer stryngu nurse bodies for Ailie. I'll be hcrnuree, and I'll gang aboot on my ttoekin' soIcb an canny as pussy.' Ani so he did ; 'und htndy snd clever, and swift and tender us eny woman, was that horny-handed, snell, peremp tory little man. Everything ehe got he gave her ; he seldom slept ; and often I saw his smnU'shrcwd eyes otitcfihe darkness, £xtd en htr. As below, they spoke little. Kab behaved well, never moving, showing uk how meik and gentle he could be, and occasionally, ia his Bleep, letting us know that he was demolishing some adversary. He took a walk with me every day, generally to the Candlemaker-row ; but he was sombre and mild ; declined doing battle, though some n't cases offered, and indeed submitted to sundry indignities; and was always very ready to turn, and came faster back, and trotted up the Btair with much lightness, air.d went straight to that door. Jcef, the mere, had been sent, with her weather worn cart, to Howgate, and had doubtless her own dim and placid meditations and confusions, on the ab sence of her master and Rab, and her unnatural fice dom from the road and her cart. For tome days AL'ie did well. The wound healed ' by the fret intention ;' for as James said, ' Oor Ailie's skin is owcr c'.ean to bc-il.' The students came in quiet and anxious, and surrounded her bed. She sbid she liked to tee their young, honest faces. The furgfon dressed her, nnd spoke ts her in hie own Bhort kind way, pitying her through liis eyes, Rub and James outside the circle,— Rab being now reconciled, and even cordial, and having made up bis mind that as yet nobody required worrying, but as you may suppose, semper parattu. So far well : but four days after the operation, my patient had a sudden snd long shivering, a 'grootin1,' u she called it. I saw her soon after ; ? A Highland gamciecper, when esked why a Tcertain terrier, of f lno ulnr pluck, was eo much mo'oiolemn thin the other dogs, Mid, 'Ob, sir, life's full 0' sairioumess to him— ho Just n»vor can get tnuffo' fechtin.' \+ Fuller was. in early life, when a farmer lad at Soham, fameus u a bo»er ; not quarTehomi!, but not without tho ' atern delight,' 11 man of Dirength and courage feels in Iheir exercise. Dr. Charles Etcwart, of Duacaro, whose rare gifts and grace! u a phy.ician, a divine, a rebolar, and a gentleman, live only to the rnemorr of Uiok few who kiew and survive blm, IJked to tell how Kir. Fuller used to cay, that when he waa in the pulpit, and taw a iuirdlu man come iW the passage, he would liuttnctlraly draw hlm«l?uftmMSuMjii.to»gtoa7 inugonlst, and foreewt how hewoulfdcal with him, his hand, meanwhile condensing Into SstT and tendlni to'lqoare.' He mast have been ? hard Litter If hi taiedM be preacher-whit '? Jlie Fancy' would call ?' an , ngly customer.' htr iycb wire too bright, her ehcek coloured. Bhe wai risllcBii arid ashamed ofbcingio ; the balance was lost ; n Uchicf had begun. On louking at the wound, a blusn of red told the secret ? htr pulse was rapid, her breathing anxious nnd quick, the wasn't horeolf, aBshesnid, and w»b vixidather rcBtlcnsneFB. We tried tvhut we tould. James did everything, was everywhere; ncurinthc way never out of it ; Rab subsided under the table into a dork place, snd wis molionb bb, nil but his eye, which followed eve-ry one. Aili'; got wusc ; began to wander in mind, gently ; wus mirj d- monttrativc in her waya to Jamie, rapid i,i her questions, Bnd tharp at times. He was vcxcJ, and Mid, 'She was never that way afore; no, never.' For a time the knew her head wat wrong, and wus (ilwayij ukir.g our pardon — the dear, gentle old voman : then delirium tetin strong, without pause. Her brein gave WBy, and then csm? that frribJ spectacle, ''ihe intellectual power, through wnrdi end tl.ingn, went Bounding on its dim and perilous way.' bhc sang bits of old songs and Psalm?, stipp inp Euddtnly, mingling the Psalms of Uavid, nnd i' c diviner words of hit Bon and Lord, with homc'.y odds tnil eniB scra];s of btilltids. Notring mere touching, cr in a tease more strangely Ichutiful, did I ever witneES. Her tremulous, r ipid, nffeciionatc, enger, Scotih v^ite, — the swift, aimUsn, bewildered Kinr), the bsfilcd utterance, the bright and pirilous eye; some wild words, Eon.u hoci^cluM corif, lorm tliii.e: tur Ji» es, the names of the dead, Hub Cill(d rapidly and in a 'ffemjt' voice, and he stalling up, hurjirUed, and blinking off as if he were to blau.fc someuow, orht.dbtcn dreaming he hear i. Uuny caper -iue*iione and betecchingB which Jatncs and I eould make nothing of, and on which Bhc Bcimcd to tet her all, and then sink back unun dcrhtooii. It was very sad. Jatne? hovered about, put -iut and miserable, but active and exact as ever ; read to her, when there wsr a lull, thort bi's from the FuolmE, prose and metre, chantii.g the latter in his own rude and serious wey, showing great knowledge of the n't woids, bearing up like a man, and dotting over htr i-s hj* 'uin Ailie-' 'AiJie, ma womaD!' ' II a uin bonnic wee daw tic !' The end web drawing on : th'? go'.den bowl was hn-akit'g ; the silver cord was Itst being loosed — '.In*. anirmila olatidtda, vogula, hocpes, comesque, was about to ilee. The body snd the soul — companions forsixtv years — were being sundered, and taking leave. She vas walking, alone, through the valley of tbtitsusdow, into which one day we must all er.ter,— and yet she was not alone, for we know whose rod und staff were comforting her. One night she had Mien quiet, and, as we hoped, atleep ; her eyes were shut. We put down the gap, and tat watching her. Suddenly she sat up in b~d. ar.d teking a bedgown which wos lying on it rolled up, Bbc held it eagerly to her lire ist, — totherigr.t Bide. We could i-ce her eyes bright with a surprising tenderness and joy, bending over ibis bundle of clothes. She held it as a woman holds her sucking child; opening cut her night-gown impatiently, uncl holding it close, and brooding over it, and murmuring foo'.iih little wolds, as ovor one whom his mother comforteth, nnd who sucks and is entis&ed.; It was pitiful|and strange to sec her wasted dying look, keen and yet vague — her immense love. ' Preserve me !' groaned James, giving way. Aod then she roeked back and forward, ss iftomakeit tleep, hushing it, and wnsting on it her infinite foad nfEF. ' Wat's me1, doctor ; I declare fcbe's tlunkin' it's that bairn,' 'What bairn!' ' The only hr.irn we ever had ; our wee Uyric, and the's in the King dom, frrty years and mair.' It was plainly true : tue pain in lb« breast, telling its urgent story to a r-c *il dcred, ruined brain, was misread nnd misccken ; it suggested to her the uccasincss of a breist full of milk, and then the child ; and bo again once more they n ere together, bnd she had her ain wee MjVic in her botoro. Thi6 wbb the clese. She sank rapidly : the delirium left her ; but, as she whispered, the was ' clean Billy ;' it woB ihe lightening before the final darkoe.-s. AfieJ having for some time lain still — her eyes i-hu', she said ' Jatr.es I' He came close to her, and lifting up her calm, clear, bcau'iful eycB, slip gave him n long look, turned to me kindly but shortly, looked for Hab but could not see him, then turned to her husband aga:n, sb if she would never leave off looking, hh'Jt her eyes, and comptssd herself. St-e lay f -r tome time bnathing quick, and passed away eo gently, th t vhen we thought the was gone, James in iiis old fashioned way, held the mirror to her face. After a lingrauee, one email spot of dimness wa? breilhed out ; it vanUhed away, and never returnel, leaving the blank clear darkncES of the mirror without a stain. 'What is our life? it is even a vapour, which np- penrtth for a liule time, and then vamihcth away.' Rab all thin time had been full awake and mition Ief6 : be c-me forward betide us: Ailic'e lia:.d, which James had held, was hanging down ; it was soaked with his tears ; liab Hiked it all over carefully, looked t-t her, and returned to nis place under the table. James and I sit, I don't know how long, but for sortie time, — saying nothing : he started up abruptly, snd with some' noise went to the table, and putting his right fore and middle fingers each into a shoe, pulled them out, end put ti.em on, breaking one of tbe leather latchew, and muttering in anger, ' I never did the like 0' that afore 1' I bc'ievc he never did ; nor after either. 'Rab!' he said roughly, and pointing wi h his thumb to the bottom uf the bed. Rab leapt up, and settied him i-clf; hit head and eye to the dead f »ce. ?' Miister John, ye'll wait 'or me,' taid the carrier ; and disap peared in ihe dajknefs, thundering down etairs in hit* l,cr.vy eliore. I ran to a front window: thi-re he was, already round the house, and out at thegite, fl:einc' like a sli&dow.; 1 was afraid about him, and yttr.ot afraid ; so I tat down beside Rab, and, being wearied, fell asleep. I awoke from a sudden noise iiutside. It was Novem ber, and thcic htd been a heavy fall of snow, llab was in ttalu quo; he lieard the noire ton, aud plainly knew it, but never mavtd. i l'oke-doui; and there, at tbe gate, in the dim mornir.;; — for the sun was not up, wns Jesb and the can,—;, cloud of stesrn rising from the old mare. I did not nee James ; he was already at ihe door, and came up tbe staira, and m^t tte. It was lees than three hours since he lt-ft, aid he must huve posted on — who kn--w- how? — :o Howgate, full r.ine miles on; yoked Jess, and driven her astonished into town. He had an armful of blankets, and wof streaming with pe-rspiratiou. Henoddeitj mi1, spread out on the floor two pairs of clean oli blankets having at thtircomers, ' A. G., 1794,' in large letters in red worsted. These were the initials of Alison Grccme, and James may huve looked in at her from without — himself umctn. but not uu'hou&ht; of — when he was ' wat, wat, and weary,' and afwr having walked many a mile over the hilte, may lure seen her tit'.ir.g, while 'a' the lave were tleeijin' ;' snd by thcfire-lightworking her name 00. the blanket?, for her ain Jarucb'fc bed. He motioned Rab down, and taking his wife in Mb arms, laid her in the blanke's, and happed her, he nodded sgain charply to me, and with a resolved but uttcily na6c ruble luce, strode along the passage, ani down stair?, followed by Rab. I followed '? ith a light ; but he didn't need it. I went out, holding stupidly the candle in my hand in the nalm fiosty dr ; we were soon st the gate. I c.uld have helped him, but I raw he was not tobcmcftlled with, and he was strong, and did not need it. lie laid her down as tenderly, us cafely, sb he had lifted her cut ten daj s before — as ten derly as when be hod her first ia his arms when -ho was only 'A. G.,' — sorted her, leaving that beaui ful sealed face open to the heavens; aud th^n taking Jess by the head, he moved away. He did n it notice me, neither did Rab, who prc:ided behind tht cart. I Blood till they pBSBcd through the lo::g shalour of the College, und turned up Nicohonsrcet. I heard the eolitary cart sound through the streets, and die away 0T/6 come again; and 1 icturncd, thinking of that company going up lAbberton Brae, then dung Kotlin Muir, the morning lieh' touching the Pcntlands and making them like on-looking ghostB ; then down the hill through Auchindinny woods, past ' hiuntcd Woodhoutelee ;' and as daybre ik caste s wetping up the bleak Larnmermuirs, and fell on his own doir, ihe company would stop, and. James ?aould tike the key, and lift Ailie up again, laying her on htro *n bed, anJ, having put JesB up, would return with Rab atid shut the door, James buried his wife, with his neighbours mourn ing, Rab inspecting the solemnity from a etistaucc. It weB snow, and that black ragged hole would lock etrnngc in the midst of the swelling spou lees cushion cf white. James looked oUcr every thing ; then ratmr suddenly fell ill, and 1; ok to bed ; was insensible when the doctor am';, and soon died. A sort of low fever was prevail ing in the village, and his want of sleep, bis exhaustion, nnd liis mieery, made him apt :o take it. The grave was not difficult to re-open. A fresh fall of anow had again mode nil things white and tmooth ; Rab once more looked on, and dunk home to the stable. And what of Rab? I stked for him next week at the new carrier's who got the goodwill of James's business, and was now master of Jess and her cart. ' How's Rab !' He put me off, and said rather rudely, ' What's your business wi' the dowg?' I was not to be so put off. ' Where's Rab f' He getting confused and red, and intermeddling with his hair, Faid ' 'Deed, tir, Rsb's deid.' ' Deal ! wh*t I did he die off' 'Weel, sir,' said he, getting redder, 'lie diona exactly dee; he W-.b killed. I had to biain him wi' a rack- pin; there was nae doin' wi' him. He lay in the trevUswi' the mesr, and wadna comeoot.- I tempit him wi' kaU and meat, but he wad tak nscthiug, and keepit mo Irae fecjiu' thft bcBtt, and he *ns aye gur gi'rrin1, and grupgrumnn' me by the lfgp. 1 was lnith to ninke m m' ihe auld dowg, his 1 ke wasna atwien this und Thornhill, —bu', 'deed, sir, I could do nae hing else.' I believed him. Fit e nil for Rsb, quick und complete. His teeth and his fri' nds g'.ne, why should he keep the pence, snd be civil 'r 