ADELAIDE. Monday, 7 p.m. Both Houses of Parliament will meet to-morrow, when it is expected the debate on the tariff will be resumed. Several new discoveries of copper have been mado in the Wallaroo distrier, in the vicinity of Moonta and Kadina. There is little wheat offering, the price remains unaltered ht 5s.[3d. at the Port and 5s. in town. Flour is nominal at £12 to £12 10s. The Coorang (s.) arrived at 3 p.m. AmtiîST or an Escaped Pkisoner,-A telegram was received yesterday, announcing tho capture, at Liverpool, of Woodheart, ono of the mon who escupod from Bathurst pi>ol in February last, having been convicted of horse-steal- ing, and sentenced to ilvo years' hard labour. Sydney City Mission.- A publio meeting in aid of tho City MisMon was held yesterday evening, in the Congre- gational Church, Woollahra. Mr. J. Caldwell, M.L A., presided. Resolutions acknowledging the importance of the mission, and its claims on the suburb, wore aerecd to, a provieienal committee appointed, and an auxiliary asso- ciation for Woollahra, Paddington, and Waverley was formed. Speeches were delivered by tho Revs. P. P. Agnew, E. Hartley, and J. E. Vetch, as also by Messrs. T. B. Kolin, S. Thompson, and It. Nott. At the olose of the meeting a collection was made in aid of the mission. Wesleyan Church Sustentation and Extension Society.-A numerously attended publio meeting, in con- nection with this society, vas held yesterday evening in the Wesley an chapel. Chippendale. After the usual devotional exercices, Mr. W. Love, M.L A., waa, in accordance wit previous announcement, moved into the chair. In opening the business of tho meeting, the chairman offered a few preparatory remarks on tho good which tho society, under the Divine blessing, had accomplished, and he expatiated on the existing necessity for moro ministers in various parts of this colony, and also in the adjoin- ing colonies. Ho expressed himself of opinion that the voluntary system would bo found quite sufficient for the support of religion if tbo hearts of the peoplo con- nected ^ith tho various Churches wero in the work. Ha then called upon the secretary, Mr. T. P. Roovo, who proceeded to read tbo annual report, which detailed the operations of the eocloty during the past year. It was stated that thirteen more ministers wero much noeded, but, under Iho present circumstances of tho sooioty and the Church, it was not deemed expedient to Bend for moro than eight this year. The report concluded by urging the membets of tho Church to be more vigorous in their efforts on behalf of the socioty during tho ensuing yenr. Tho balance sheet showed that tho sum of £110 3s. lOd. had been collected in tho Sydney East Circuit sinoo the previous annual Vnceting. Several impressivo addresses were delivered upon tho subject ef church extension and tbo necessity for it, especially in the interior, the spoakers being the Rev. W. Curnow, the Rev. S. Ironside, Rev. R. W. Vnndcrkiete, Rev. S. Rabeno, and other gentlemen. The proceedings terminated shortly before ten o'clock. Outer Domain.-The Band of the 12th Regiment will perform the following selection of music (weather permit- ing), at three o'clock p.m. Conductor, H. Prinoe. Pro- grame-Overture, ''Le Bayadere," Auber; selection, " Lily of Killarney," Benedict ; waltz, *' First Love," Farmer ; selection, " Kuy Blas," Glover ; quadrille, " Denmark (on Danish Melodies"), Godfrey ; selection, ' " Giralda," Adam ; galop, " Alexandra," Kühner. God save the Queen. New Catholic Church.—The foundation stone of a new church at Nimitybelle was laid by the Rev. P. New- man, pastor of Cooma, on the 14th instant. There was a very large attendance at the ceremony. The style of archi- tecture is Gothic, and the edifice is a pleasing addition to this rising township. O'CONNELL.-A lecture was delivered last evoniog in the Hall of the Australian Catholic Young Men's Society, Sacred Heurt, by Mr. J. M. Cunncen, M.L.A. The sub- ject (elected was the life, writings, speeches, and opinions of the Great Liberator, under tbo title of " An hour with O'connell." In the oourso of his narration, the lecturer made numerous applications of the opinions of the great Irish orator to the circumBtoncea of this colony ; and was frequently and warmly cheered. The attendance on the occasion was very numerous, the meeting being presided over by the Rev. Mr. Sheridan. Found Drowned.-Yesterday morning, a seaman of the American ship Templar, "named Peter Wilson, a Swede, was found drowned In the water near Campbell's Wharf. We aro informod that on Saturday ovoning last the captain of the ebip gave him some money, and llborty to go on shore. He went on shore accordingly, and somo time af 1er ward b he was seen by some of his shipmates in the city under tho influence of liquor. It ia supposod that while endeavouring to get back to his ship, or on board another American ship lying near, he fell Into tho water. An inquest on the body will be held this morning. O'connell Monument Fund.-A meeting of the O'connell Monument Fund Committco was held in the Town Hall, yesterday afternoon. Tho Hon. J. H. Plunkett, M.L.C., occupied the chair. Subscription lists represent- ing an amount of about £32 wero received, and tho pub- lication of the lleta was directed. Tho committoo adiournod to the 18th August, when it is proposed to toko into con- sideration the desirability of cloring matters connected with the fund. General Credit and Finance Comi-any.-In tho Times of the 18th of May, 1863, appears a prospectus of a new company, called Ihe General Crodit and Finnnoo Com- pany of London. The first capital ia to tho amount of £2,600,000, in 125,000 shares of £20 each. The business of the company is to necotiato loans and concessions, assist industrial enterprises, publio works, and railway under- takings ; negotiate foreign, Indian, and colonial bonds ; conduct mercantile transactions, and establish agencies for large commission businoss, &o.; A similar company is to be formed in Paris, and a ticaty has been entered into by which 20,000 sharos in each company will be exohanged by tho two companies, who «ill act as ugenis for each other, and have tho option of participating to a certain extent in oach other's opera- tions. Among the direotors, who appear to bo a very in» fluential body, wo observe the name of Sir Stuart Alexan- der Donaldson, a well-known colonist, and who has been intimately connected with tho banking institutions of this colony. Chinese Notions or Futukitt.-On Tuesday last, during tho trial of Peang Jem and Lum Yeo, for robbing ark Sing, a Chinese witness namod Ah Poon, upon being interrogated by Judge Callaghan, as to what would beootno of him after death if he Was to lead a bad and wiobed lifo, «aid that if ho was a good man while alivo, ho would, when deed, be a good ghost. If, on the other hand, he leda bad life be would bo a bad gboet. If a very bad man, ne might be a dog or a horse. In the tame trial, another Chineso witners (the prosecutor), stated in reply to his Honor, that heprajed to a wooden god he had Ina joss-bonse in China, and if ho te'd a He his god would oauee him to bo struck by lightning, or to fall from his horse, or soma othor such oiln mity ought befall him,-Jimimwd. ¡(ive. 