ECCLESIASTICAL. THE BISHOP OF TASMANIA, The Right Rev. Dr. Francis Russell Nixon has resigned the Bishopric of Tasmania. (Van Diemen's Land), to which he was consecrated in 1842\. His Lordship was educated at St. John's College, Oxford, and graduated in 1827, when he took a third-class in classics. Afterwards he became successively Fellow of Trinity College, Her Britannia Majesty's chaplain at Naples, perpetual curate of Sandgate, and rector of Ash Kent. On tbe establishment of the bishopric of Tasmania in 1842, be was approved as the first bishop by the present Earl of Derby, who was then Colonial Secretary in Sir Robert Peel's Government. The right rev. prelate returned to England a few months since to obtain medical advice, but it is now ascertained that he is suffering from an incurable disease, and this circumstance has led him to the conclusion that he ought not to return to his distant diocese. His resignation has con sequently been placed in the hands of the Duke of Newcastle, the Colonial Secretary, and the ecclesiastical authorities. The Bishop of Tas- mania has episcopal jurisdiction over Van Diemen's Land and Norfolk Island. The diocese is 24,002 miles in extent, with a popu- lation of about 76,000. The bishopric is worth £1,250 a year, of which £1,000 a year is derived from colonial funds, and £250 a year from the Colonial Bishopric Fund. CONSECRATION OF BlSIlors. CTimes, SO th March.) Yesterday being the Feast of the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary was appropriately fixed for the consecration of two bishops of tbe English Church, one to be engaged in episcopal work at Uornc, tbe other in an hitherto miworked part of ouc of our most distant colonies. Jt is seldom that Canterbury Cathedral— although the Cathedral Church of the Metropolitieal see—witnesses an episcopal consecration. Tlieie liare been some consecrations during the last 20 years, hut the rule has been to Bet apart bishops for their high office in the private chapel of Lambeth Palace, or Lambeth Church, once in Marykbonc Church, and occasionally in Westminster Abbey. Morning prayer baring been said at 8 o'clock, there was an interval before tbe consecration service commenced. The pealing forth of the organ at length announced that the procession was entering the chumh, Soon afterwards it passed into the choir. It consisted of the Archbishop of Can-, terimry, the Bishops of Worcester, Sydney, and Melbourne, the Dean of Canterbury (Br, Aiford), and several of the canons, preachers, and other officials of the cathedral. The archbishops and bishops took their places within the altar rails, and the bishops-designate (l)r. Ellicott and Dr. Mesac Thomas), who were habited in their black gowns, took their places outside. The seats in the presbytery were filled by the clergy and the friends of the bishops J about to be consecrated. I The consecration service having proceeded as far as the Nicene Creed, The Verv Rev. Henry Aiford, D.D., the Dean of Canterbury, ascended the pulpit, and selected for his text the 10th chapter of St. John's Gospel, verse 2;—" The good Shepherd giveth His life for the sheep." He showed that for the worthy performance of the ministerial office and especially for that of a bishop, there must be an entire devotion of heart and life, and an abnegation of self for the sake of the floc Our Lord said the words of the text primarily of His own great sacrifice; but He was also describing the character of the good shepherds who must give their lives for the sheep, though notin " ,0 mme sense that He did, yet in the Same spirit of self- sacrifice. The Dean t]len a!i'u(Jed briefly t0 the tact ot tIle d consecration taking place in that ancient eating], the cradle of England's Christianity, and to the consecration in l8«, of the Bishops of Victoria and Ruptrt's W there; and the farewell service for Bishop Mackenzie in 18C0. He also spoke of the pursuits of Biblical literature which lmd so long united Bishop Ellicott and himself as no small advantage for the episcopal office, and the importance of the guarantee hereby given of having in these times a supply of dergy we'' acquainted with the Holy Scriptures. At the close ot' the sermou, which was a very able and thoughtful one—one which held the vast congregation in wrapt atrention from its commencement to its close—the bishops to be consecrated, vested in their rochets, were presented to tbe archbishop, who demanded the Queen's mandate - for - their -' - consecration, — This was produced and read aloud by Mr. Dyke, ner Majesty's Proctor, and the Principal Kegistrar of tUp Province. Tiie bishops-designate having answered the usual questions, in which llu-y promise to deny all ungodliness, and worldly lusts, to maintain ana set forward quietness, peace, and love among all men, to be faithful in ordaining and laying hands upon others, to be niercifnl for Christ'6 sake to poor and needy people mid to all strangers destitute of help, and with all faithful diligence to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrine contrary to God's word, retired, and shortly afterwards returned vested in the full episcopal habit. They then knelt down while the beautiful liymn, Vcni Creator Sjiin'fiis, was sung over tlieni. JmniVs" - -,. upon "tiie . Vie'aSs 'le'cU^tel' 1 bishops . kneeling before them, the archbishop saving— Ucceive the noly Ghost for the office and work of a bishop in the church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our bands, in the name ot the Rithcr, niid of the Pon. and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. And remember that thou stir up the grace of God wliich is given thee by this imposition of our hands, for God hath not given us the spirit of fear, hilt of power and love and soberness." -riic newly-ordained bishops were admitted within the mils of the connuunion-tntile with the archbishop and other right reverend prelates. Dr. Ellicott is the 31st Bishop of Gloucester. He hns episcopal jurisdiction over Gloucestershire, parts of Somersetshire, ami Wiltshire.. The diocese has a population of .liis.sr-t, l.oon,503 acres, 13 deaneries. 443 benefices, 189 curates, and HI7,5r,g church sittings. J)r. Mesne Thomas, the new Bishop of Goulliurn, wasedncated ntTrinity College,Cambridge, where lie graduated in 18-ifl, and was ordniued in Ihe sumo venr hy the lli6hop of Worcesler, to the curacy of Bishop Ryder's Church, IJ irininghatu. Ill 1843 he was instituted by the liisliop of Norwich to the virurage of Tuddeiiinim St. Martin, near Ipswich. In 154r> be ve'hmed that, lienetice for the incumbency of Attleborough, near Nuneaton, Warwickshire i-ar some years past lie has been secretary of tbe Colonial and Continental Church Society. The position of tiie new diocese of Gonlhurn is between those of Sydney and Melbourne. Its lenRth by line if TOO miles, and by road about l.nno miles. The average breadth is about 201) miles. The endowment is almost entirely provided in the colraiy. ,\t a public meeting of clergy and j laity in Gnulburn resolutions were adopted , in !Mt, and forwarded to the Home Govern- ' nient through the Colonial Government of New South Wales, requesting that Archbishop Sumner might be allowed to seleet the first bishop. This was granted, and a month before his death hisGraec urged Dr. Thomas to accept the pnsi, which, after some hesitation, he did. Being now consecrated, he will proceed to bis distant diocess in tiie coarse of a few weeks. 