NEWSTEAD DISlTtlCT BOAD BOA/RI)'. Wednesday, September 23. . .. , /-All the members were present. Tho mmutes of the last meeting were. confirmed//" ; - -1 / >' ./ > Mr Kirwau then vacated the chair, /and'' tho old : ' regime ' was over : Mr "JLilsby - withdrew. The members of the old' Board /being by trie Local Government Act members /of the 'new; they proceeded to -hand in.to the Secretary their several declarations, arid proceeded to. elect a Chairman.,,. Messrs. .Kirwah. and Kemp were duly pioppsedj and .seconded. . - Mr, Slee was also proposed, but got; no, seconder. On the. votes being: taken, Mr.Kirwan ,.waS' found to have tho majority, - and was doclnredclected for the next 12 months.. The minutes/were'' then gone over again rind dealt with as follows : — The Surveyor Mr Marsden reported that hrid duly completed his agreement ; that a depu- tation had wriited/ pri AIr Bamsay, M.L.A.; relative to tho annexation of Yandoit. and Franklin parishes with Newstead, and found that the Yandoit and Franklin Road Board had represented to Mr Grant , that liabilities to the amount of; £900 or. over /had. been incurred by the Board on. the personal security ' of < the mem/ bers;and that if the separation! took place there would not be sufficient revenue : forthcoming to liquidate them, /and '-therefore ' 'the ' Minister .thought proper t.o. refuse his assent io such scpa- " ration. Ttl'tirthcr' appeared that Mr Parker had said, oil the authority of a member of the Yan- doit and Franklin Bond Board,, that £150 would cover all "the "liabilities of the said Board. Mr Parker had- been/written to to ascertain preoisely .hoif: tlie matter" stood, that .further aetiori'miglit 'be taken iu the/matter, ,as it was.solely on ac count, of this debt, that, /the promise for, separa tion was .withdrawn . , , / / /.;' - ; '/ . ; . "The Secretarynlso reported that ho had com-, municatcd .with Mr Fitzgerald , regarding- tho liribility of 'Muciklelbrd to pay tlfe rates for jhtf ourrerit year, /aii'd':, the." proper. 'idocVments i iyere; sentifbr cpuhsefis bpinion on the case ; , and; that requests liud been sent to other Boards to. assist in preventing tick'et-of leave' holders from being at large. 1 / ' ' ; .', / Theicorresporidence:, was", dealt / with/ as: fol lows : — / " 1 . From tlie/Office of Boud"and Bridges, Btat- irig thnt -tho/ question of /collectirig rates 'from Mu.ckldford was a' 'purely degril one,- yet it ap peared. that, tho > collection would be perfectly figbt:- / Beceived.1' 2.' From the same Board; with -regard to the 1 annexation of part ' of the parish of -Tarrari'ower/from which it upperired . that insuperable , difficulties prevented, that ad dition being mado to tho Newstead district. Beceived.'- 3.;From the snine Board, answering a letter sent by .the Newstead Board, asking for some' of 'the money voted by tho Legislature for flood damages; and arguing that- as the Govern ment had already 'admitted its' liability to claims; for . compensation by giving some to Mr Day, recently, it was bound to give the Board £300: especially for the erection of some culverts at Newstead, over and above £400 more for damages elsewhere.. . The Board of Boads and Bridges; wanted -to know how it was that tliero had'- been !nb trill 'placed ' on the bridge 'as agreed to, and, .which would have 'put them iri ample funds for! tho' erection of thfese culverts. Mr Wilson' said1 tile host course wns to tell 1 the ' truth 1 by ' tellinc Mr S teavcr,son thiit it had been itgreed to,1 but tho Board had' riot ,thb pluck to" do it. /It '.wrisj ullimately "agreed to./ appoint ii committee to; ' aiiswei'i the letter of tiio Itouds and; Bridges. , A' letter wiis/to be/sent .to Mr .Bainsoy'tb. urgo. qn; .the matter and got somo of tlio vote. ,.4, Jfrbin? Mr Harrison, stating he had no orders tqjnspootj flood damages at Nenrstead.; o. From, Mr| Mcozies, asking the Board to purchase Baker's! Bridge. Beceived, and Messrs Ibbotson;'Pedlar,| -Sice, an'd Secretary to visit the bridge and report to tho next meeting. 6. Frritn the Govornrneut; 'Printer, ackrioivledging tho receipt of' an account.1 7\. From the Boad Board Conference, with'; certain instructions respecting tho working ot the .'now Act, such as that the meetings shall be held either " inside or outside tho district," &c.;, &c.;, and further informing the Board that a testi monial was in contemplation to Mr McClure, and asking their co-operation. Beceived. 8/ From tlio Bonds and Bridges Office, suggesting that counsel's opinion should bo taken us to tho eligibility of amcrnbor to retain his seat. The Surveyor said ho had never sont any letter on the subject. Tbe' Chairman said that ho had not. written' tlio letter ; then, that he might, and anori, that perhaps he did so, but, was not sure. To elenr tho matter up it was ordored that the Secretary write to Mr Steavcuson, asking I'or a copy of tho letter ho had received. 9. To tho Chief Secretary, "risking for particulars concern- | ing electoral bouudaries und maps. Approved ol". Mr Ibbotson reported that the damage done : 'to a culvert by tho flood liud' beori repaired for £2 by Mr Donovan. Tho accounts of Messrs. JCyd aiul Farruii, Ihfi auditors, were passed. ' ; Tiio mining uppliculious of:,Tangy aud Co.,1 Bogors und . Co., and Annear were tekon into i consideration, when Mr Kemp moved, That j they bo granted, subject to tbe arrangements of; a committee consisting of Mrssis Kirwan, Ibbot- ' son; Wilson, iind Cutiioron. He"suid" that on; previous occasions lie had 'endeavoured to do his! duty, but had had it, questioned by tlio Board, : aria, therefore, ho wished lo see some of tlio dis- j seutiepts take, their, tuvn in theso iniuiug.ali'aiis. j Mr Wilson; seconded. The gentlemen no- ' minated,. however,1 severally declined acting and matters came to a dead lock, until it' was agreed that the members should look after their respective parishes alone. . . The Secretary was ordered to give Francis and party six months to remove a tent off the road. Mr Ah Ha was presented with a bonus of £io in addition to the balance of his deposit, in consideration of tho quantity of work done by him to the road at his claim near tho Eaglo Tavern. Messrs St. Leger and Bichardson handed in their amended ana supplementary assessments. Mr J. H. Pedlar appealed against paying 12s per annum for his premises, the amount was re duced to 10s. Mr . Wilson moved, and Mr Slee seconded, That polling places should be at the Board Boom, and atGaffney'sHotel, Guildford. Carried. The Secretary was ordered to notify in tbo local papers that a meeting of ratepayers would be held on the 1st of October, to elect auditors. (See advertisement.) On the motion of Mr Wilson, seconded by Mr. Slee, Mr House was continued in his offico as Clerk, Surveyor, Treasurer, and Collector. Tbe Clerk wa3 ordered to attend at the Board room on the first and third Mondays of every month, from 10 to 4. He was also to obtain clerical assistance if needed, to make out tho electoral roll, and the ordinary meetings of tho Board were fixed for .tho first Monday of eveiy month. Mr Slee moved and Mr Wilson seconded, That the Surveyor visit Kennedy's Flat, to at- certain the probable cost of a ford there, and re port on the same to the next meeting. Car ried. Mr Wilson movedand Mr Kemp seconded, That the Surveyor report on the probable cost of making a piece of road near Dibb's. An amend ment to the contrary was moved by Mr Kirwan and carried: Mr Kemp moved and Mr Slee seconded, That tho Surveyor report on the pro bable cost of making the worst part of tho road near Mein's, at Guildford, and a culvert and im-' provements near the Eagle Tavern. Carried. Sir Kemp moved and Mr Wilson seconded, That the Board supplement the money sub scribed by the Guildford people for the erection of a culvert at Shicer Gully. Carried. Mr Kemp then handed over £30 12s to tho Clerk, \- and immediate steps were ordered- to be taken in the matter. Mr Kirwan moved and' Mr lb- botson seconded, That plans be prepared for a bridge at Sandon. Carried. Mr Kemp moved End Mr/Wilson seconded, That tbe Surveyor re port - on the cost of making a piece of road through Taylor's paddock. Carried. Mr Ib botson moved, and Mr Cameron seconded, That a committee consisting of Messrs Cameron, Pedlnr, Stewart, and the - mover, visit the road to Sandy Ureek, witn regard to tlio'1 re moval, of sundry stumps and trees, and report . on the same to the next meeting. ' Mr" Ibbotson moved and Mr Kirwan seconded, Tiiat the Surveyor prepare plans, at the hill east of Green "Valley, and that- the Surveyor obtain, the required assistance in the survoy of !it. ' Carried/ Mr Ibbotson. moved, That the Surveyor prepare plans and specifica tions for - the erection, of -three -culverts on the Newstead road, near the bridge. Carried. 'Mr Slee moved arid Mr ' Kemp ' seconded, That the Surveyor report on the cost of filling up tho worst holes' in Kennedy's Fiat. Carried. Mr Pedlar moved aud Mr Ibbotson seconded, That a coriifriittce visit the Newstead -road, and re port to next meeting on the propriety of cutting sidedrains, milking pitched gutters, and filling up the holes . on the 'said road. Carried. Air Wilson moved and Mr Kemp seconded, That this". Board invito a conference with those of Campbell's Creek and Fryer's; relative to the formation of a shire. Carried. _ .. . The auditors' fees wore fixed at a guinea each, for sorvice between this arid March next. The , previous bye-laws were adopted, save .'those rb- iativo to ponalties. ' ' / . 1;,' ' ,i " : / ': ' , Mr Bamsay,1 m.p.; having /come to/ Castle- mairie to meet Beiriitntioh, and '"gdtj/£l' for his expenses' froiri turi 'Secretary, ..'tfie'/srimo was allowed: j- /' ' . ; .a committco meeting is to be held on the 1st October/ to. open tenders for _ spreading, metal, . &c.;, &c.; After other routino business; tho Board was dismissed, and the committee appointed to send im.ririswer toMr Stcaverison why the tollhad not beeri/put on the bridge according to arrange rilbrit/ riiet arid dccided that tlio reason was1 that thri roads beirig'vory bad, there was little traffic, consequently! a toll would hardly pay tho lifting. v. The'/Mione/fte ,/Cibcus.— -Professor Bca ripened his novel entertainment last evening at the Castlemaine -Mechanics' Institute, having previously achieved considerable success on Bondigo. Wo believe this is tlio first and only Marionette. /Theatre exhibited in this colony. The performances are of a varied and pleasing character' including dances, scenes from Shaks- pere, &c.;,.all of, which were rendered with great dexterity. Of course, any entertainment with out a ".ghost " would now bo deemed incomplete, so Mr Bea supplies the sensation article in the shape of an artificial' human skeleton, which assumes numerous remarkable attitudes. Many mimical and other tricks were cleverly done, 'elicitirigthe yripplausri of the audience. The .''iriagio .rings" were artistically handled. The automaton/ Blondin's -poformance on the .tight rope was remarkably good. .Mr Bae favoured the audience with a sample of his powers as a veritrflpqriist.-1 "a. balloon ascent preceded tho erif ertriinmont. There is 'much, that1 is. very amusing in tho perforinance. It will bo ropeatcd this.evcning/wlien'we hopo there inay be agbod attendance. — Wesley Chuecq. — Wo are informed that the not proceeds of tho lectures and Sale of Gifts rocently held in aid of the Churoh Funds of tho Woslcyaus in this .district wero £359,. tkus materially lessening the pecuniary liabilities ot tlio Church. Inasmuch as freedom from debt is essential to progress , and , prosperity, we may congratulate our Wesleyan friends on the above very satisfactory result. , . . Sydney AVit.— Some of our Champions have become targets for the wits of Sydney. Tho following inimitable attempt is from ; Ben s Life i-sxro hope its readers were sufficiently amused, but we assure them thoy won't catch Mr, Sleop napping, nor Captain Conchman -not standing well up to tlio mark, nnd there wjll he moro. outers scored to some of tho Sydney team than will full to tho share of 'MivMiddlemiss. However, hero aro the anticipations of Sells Life : — ".From Molbourno wo learn that amongst tho ' crack shots 1 selected to represent Victoria nro Messrs Couohman, Sleep, anil Middlemiss. This looks well i'or ' our side,' for we inny naturally expect to find tho first of these 8®nj men occupying a recumbent position, and the second waiting on him, and both obvious that they aro ' meu of mark.' From tho namo of tao third wo aro glad to imagino that tho bull s eyo will not be in any danger of being ' bunged up by tho precision of his delivery. Our gaffun' friends may therefore consider that of the Aw loriuii team three are already hors tie combat. Crushed to Death. — Oh Thursday morning last, a fatal accidotil huppened to a boy nameq Cloland. It uppcars that, ho was riding o" a dray loaded with chaff, , &e.;, from his mb®1/" lurin ut Indigo Creok, aud had crossed tue Yucliuudundah Gap, coming towards the town ship, when tlie dray capsized and crushed : til poor little fellow to (jent-h. llis father, who w driving tlio dray, ;jot liim el ear as soon as pos sible, but too .luto to savo hini. — Ovens ug Murray Advertiser. : The Stone foe., the Bailway, Wo have been informed tliat within tbo last i s days tho Enginccr-in-Chief has condeinned wliolo of tho stone whieli at arid !noar iluu./ , hud been quarried in that' neighbourhood lor pttiposo/.of 'boiug used on works iu conneon ,) with the Echucii .Railway. _ The objection tot slouc is that it is not sutlickmtly duialilu, 