rORTY-TlMEK YEAltS BACk. oTiip uielit was a dreadful one atStrathaven V wet, dart, and stormy. There was little and confusion during Hie night. " with maternal solicitude, were liurry- : aud fro through the streets, wquinijg 'irtheir sons-wives were exhorting and entint their husbands to return home: In screaming of women—men in stern j ihttt cipistulation —the shunts of the diffeit parti® in quest of arms-tie craving of • -LI windows as houses were broken into """j^wasi.mal vollies fired to frighten the inof houses to capitulate, or to force open (Mocks of Street doors, were heard mingling >1 and rising a bore, the din of wind and rain Su* that eventful night. Our search was so fiTsaccesM aud P TOCIlrad 11 number of Wilson kept a larsefire on, and, bang Wet j ^^ we called between one and two Mock t*) warm ourselves, "when 'Andrew Sharer a member of our lief oral Committee, -me in- As this was his first appearance tts since the arrival of Shields from ?to>w we concluded he had shown the white' father on the approach of danger. Howat, ifo vas a young, forward, but determined feli, w met him with the stern greeting ' ' Where have you been, Shearer P '•He is deadly pale," said Jamie ItusseL '' "He has surely seen a ghost, or been otherwise frightened," said Willie Steely "Now, .Shearer," said Andrew .Steel, "as ye luv/taien the lead for the last two or three! veais, you ought to have turned out with the jet of us; it is neither fair nor honest on your. put to bide yourself when-the glorious revolution you have spoken to us so nmob about, has jtl«s£ begun." . • The tongue is the best of him,'" said flab gimilton, " but let us hear what the croaker 1 lias to say fur himself" Shearer stood trembling and confhsed; he ftetf he had played the coward, for his eye quailed beneath the cold, steady, withering pances of his old associates. Perhaps the fel- Ijjt uerer contemplated matters going so far; tnt, rallying a little, he said," "I have come, meg. to advise you to give bai± the guns you tire taken - if you do so, and go quietly home, there wilL, perhajw, be no more about it; and if—- but here his voice was drowned amidst tit noise anil confusion that followed. "You are a notorious coward," said James tf-lson, looking Shearer sternly in the face "Von are a notorious coward, and ought to be booked on the head." "Send-a brace of ballets through his black tart," shouted llowat with au oath I need not repeat When order was somewhat restored, Stevensiii ueit addressed the culprit, " Ton mnst be s cowardly scoundrel. Shearer; you have foj the last few years, been one of. our principar, political leaders ; yon can, and you have made plausible speeches about revolutionary movements, but you have not the heart to mingle mth tliem. You know we have passed the rubicon, and there is less danger in advancing thm retreating,and you have come to quarrel with us that yon may have Bome excuse to your, townsmen to-morrow to ensure yonr own safety vrbto we are away; but we will keep you prisoner in the meantime—perhaps hangyou as a traitor at day-break on Catbldn. • In revolt tM&iy; movements traitors'and renegades must' be summarily dealt with." Shearer saw he had fallen in with men who, when their determination had been taken, were out to be trifled with. He was in the midst of cien who had set the laws of the conntry at open defiance—he had incurred their vengeance —and he was their prisoner. Aware of his. dinger, and seeing that words would have no effect he made a sudden and desperate effort to reach the door. Stevenson made a dash at him with a pike : the weapon grazed his head : had it struck Mm there can be little doubt but that iik crown evidence would never have appea the witness- bor on Wilson's trial 1 was glad the coward escaped, but we were provoked and vexed at those traits of cowardice that exhibited themselves during the night; aud I remarked that those who; at previous meetings, had used the most "violent language against the government had the greatest difficulty in bracing their nerves when the standard of defiance had been actually Taised. It was curious to observe how those small fry—those speculative heroes—cooled down on the approach of danger. Not one of them hastened to take his fart in the dangerous struggle. Because they had delivered a few fine speeches the fellows seemed to think that they bad doue their duty: as if Castlereagh and Sidmoutli fere to be frightened by empty speeches. It must be something more than a speech that will convince the proud heartless aristocracy of these kingdoms that the people are determined to regaiu their rights,' and are able to manage their own affairs. I went along with Russell, about the middle of the night, to the house <>f one, who, at our meetings had often boasted of bis prowess, and what he would do should an opportunity offer. The door was fast, and we burst it open in time to see our swaggering friend dive into a small closet The fellow had been married about three months. His young buxom wife stood sentinel in her night-clothes it the back of the door, and screamed so lustily tthen we threatened to drag him out, that, without using violence, we were constrained to leare the sveophant in liis dishonorable retreat The wife ultimately furnised us with a scriptural •pology for her husband not going forth with tie host, "He has manied a wife, and there fore cannot come." I hare never reflected upon the occurrences of that night without surprise that there were no lives lost The family of William Semple, fanner, Easter Overton, had foolishly boasted that all the Radicate in Avondale would not kke their gun ; this induced us to pay them a "sit We surrounded Overton abont one or iK-o o'clock in "the morning. It -was a stout tiro-storey house, with strong doors and window shutters, and well adapted to stand an hour or two against musketry.- We summoned u>em to surrender, and fired, a few shots to frighten them into compliance; bat they stil held out We had not much time to lose, as w e were auxious to get our arrangements completed as early in the morning as possible; besides we were standing in' the drenching rain,: aw a ieree wind sweeping furiously over ns,-; ?Qd we knew not the moment that a bullet from the windows would send some of us into femity. But we had made lip our minds to every difficulty and danger : so Morrison,, u a loud voice, that the inmafr*" might hear, ordered three men to load mtfe ball-cartridge aed blow in the lock. This order had the effect ®e anticipated j for, immediately afterit was «uvered, the women, terrified at the "firing* imagining that we were about ta blow up e house, were screaming and endeavoring to "Pen the door. The men were swearing that it- would not be opened, and that the first Radical *®cal who entered the house wonld meet indeath. We all thought that Semple j™Md bring down the first ajan who entered; "M we were determined'to tajce the gun, lettije *®»jnce be what it would. As the men were sESSP toe *ecute the order given, Morrison,: "ewedly suspecting tnat the women would jwn the door, whispered to Stevenson that this wouurbe an "excellent opportunity to getanexgun, and hoped Wwould dash forward ^^are the prize. - ~T BtwT ns that enters that door," said m lI j S ?i n ' has a better chance to get an ounce jjMeacl through his head than a good gun in his "Hush," said. Jlonj^on, "there, they havej 'opened the door.? - ' - •• j \- Without a moment's hesitation Stevensou dashed forward and etbod half moment on the threshold to reconnoiter. There was a large I fire blazing in the kitchen. Young Semple was standing with his .bade to it, facing the door, with a, gun in his hands. The moment his eye fell on -Stevenson, .he brought 'the piece 'Up to his cheek.' Another moment, and the-fetal bullet "would have sped. ' Stevenson'Bprung forward like a tiger, seized the bafrel withhis left hand, gave .Seniplea blow on the head with .his right, &nd; tlie'neKt.moment the piece waS Jiis..' ;:" Nobly dtfne," shouted Howart" Steyenson has his, own luck,, and the deyil'a alsq." , . . . . "IsuppdseVoti in tended.to.h^ve brought'nie •down, Semple." said 'Stevenson, dropping the biitt end of Jthe gun npon the floor, and wiping the wet from off^iis face. ' " ffliere is -not the least doubt of that," «aid Semple.''. " • • "Had ^fon shot that man," said Morrison, 'cooly examining the priming of his firelock; *" you would 'erethis'tiifte have ponied out your life's blood on that hearth.? iSemple'e gnn was ex- amined, and found to be loaded with heavy ^slugs'; it was primed, and on foil- cock."—To hetontinued. 