BiTH OF MISTRESS ELIZA- BETli GWYNNE. hat it* own mmnee. of decent rewpeetability and j ins its own ghost. Families posamber roiuauoj 11 or g|b(Ml rest «s to mpect on Ihe achievement* srsterious hero, who by battle, bj b r rapine, has won renown; or ^ of tone heroine, akin by a bbtnd, drowned In an ancestral immortalised bj the f»me of her , Those who can bout neither ^istorj, nor hero, whether natural scarcely be called families Ihey ate merely a aoologieal coni uninteresting individuals, and rijht to intrude themselves on ties. 'lately Wd my fortune to have siag ia the country-bouse of a asbeoUj- deserving of the otme. ss'tare rich in incident, and the illtteir kith and kin would make w wu contemptible) history of la three rooms in their old tgasst* are never lodged ; for iu She three room* a white lad}', or Wffet, or some other incomprehenteast, i$ sure to molest a stranportrait gallery ia a* rich iu « ia art. The Gwrnnes hare themselves on their picture^ t out think (hat paintm aaurt feei ««r the opportuuity of fria tarda sad beautiful ' Oar Eouae. tt i> not my iates- » # 1st of ifait pedigree of uOntiatin Uwny of Mabuae ««it»tt>e blank bearded Gwynne fa the Tudor Bo.worth, tie pink and trbito irory of «Wre 9|»aj 0,p 6l, the bijh^irdled «pti«xed th« Regtnt, tbat W f^r long. Iaball eoofiae ray and aubjeot, Tbat myfttte&tion; fo>n Iwmi giadtole^o WwqaeBt inquiriaa th« A«t MieA ito live on it. of moat note. f a J « 1 m U 1 W j*J- Tint iter? may «e«m Tory aasrttii; btap to do dark age* of * « of bloody battloa, for . & & S . S « t . • m utm it • aiatur* gratte Ifa mm of her aei Set ^wdorM «« \m uw «hottld», aooaicuT, and ana nei her Qx^ot m ia bit own IntofKgnoefiilimd^l ftuiitiw aWtude o Udiei, Kor Is ^erevi;- * a. Ko/no\d»'a cwAomarr remarkable. The forehead is high, and the brows are much more strongly marked, and much darker, than tho«o which are usually found with brown hair. They are arched, and too nearly meet for mere beauty. The em we of that dark grey which flaahea with the fiercest of all firs when it « rowed. He expression of the mouth it a •tran« nurture of paaiioa, of tenderoeia, and of solution. The lips are fvrnily compressed, but they are too full for meanneM, and too wavy for malice. The chin ia prominent and large. The whole face beams with intelligence and life. Hooked at it at one moment and aaid within my- «elf, that woman mu*t bare been fearful m a rage. I looked at it again aud aaid, that woman must have been one whose love was worth riaking much to win. Two lustrous and unfathomable eyos haunted me wherever I wont, and the recollection of them haunts me still. the da^s when King George III. was still a blooming young prince, not yet enin that romantic love affair with the U-educated Charlotte of Mecklenburg, which the biographer of t e four monarchs oT his name so amusingly describe, the Jamil/ of the Gwynnta, alter growing less and ISM numerous for several generations, came to he represented by two brothers. The elder ruled, as his ancestors ruled before faim, in the ancestral manor. The younger adopted the traditionary career of the cadets of his house, and served in the amy. Roth married very suitable helpmates. The soldier lived long enough to apeed the last sigh of his wife, aad welcome roe first smile of ht« <">m, and *n than killed bv a fall from his hone. The Squire's lady presented him with an heir, and five years afterwards with a daughter, and then died. The widower was left in his home to train and teach his own children, and the child of his dead brother. The Squire was haughty and passionate, but withal a just man. He duos to his opinions with all the tenacity of an Englishman, and, above all, of an English Tory. He hated a Whig, and he hated a Frenchman. With those exceptions, it might be ssid that he loved his neighbour. Ho was condescendingly affable to my Lord Marquess of the adjoining acres, as it became « Gwynne to be to a man who dated his rank not even from the comparatively ancient period of Hastings, but merely from the more recent invasion of Torbav. He was very friendly to the Vicar, and loved the toast of " Church and long." He was equitable in his dealings with his tenants, and " ne'er forgot the poor." - He swore at his grooms, bat they none of them left him. He was fond of his nephew as of his own son and daughter, and cbildr.-n have rarely bad a fonder father. So matters went on quietly at Gwynne, till grey hairs began to grow on the head of the Squire (though it is almost an anachronism to talk of grey hair* in days of powder), and down to sprout on the cheeks of hit boys. His own son Horace went to Christchurch, and was then sent to Paris. Hie young Squire was committed to the care of a great lady who had known the old Squire at St. James's. It was hoped that under the auspices of Madame la Duehesae de Hautenbas, Hr. Horace Gwycme would receive ihatmvsterious coat of French polish which could only be administered at the Court of Maria Theresa's beautiful daughter. For a time the Squire had nothing to complain of. The Duchess wrote that the young Englishman had the true air. lie had bww nniiiw) «t the Trianon. He had made a success. Mr. Horace himself thought Pane a charming place. He performed in a private play Milord Anglais, in which a Koyal Personage had appeared as a Grisette Frangaiae. He was very well seen. Nevertheleas this was not altogether pleasant to the Squire. He bad the notions of a Boman on the subject of the stage, and would never have acknowledged the celebrated comedian of his name as a kins-woman, if she had honestly raised herself to fame by her acting, aud art by—by other He did not like the idea of his boy's capering before an audience of grinning Frenchmen, though a Queen had capered at hit aide. Indeed, was it well for the Queen to to occupy her -nest Christian Majesty's leisure f All this was not quite satisfactory. But worse news followed. Mr. Horace was seen no more at the little Trianon. Madame de Hautenbas was compelled to ignore him. He had mbiUwl the strangest ideas, and was aasoeiatitig with the most unnoticeable people. He openly profeaaeJ sympathy with the third estate. Less openly lie became sceptical as to the advantages of monarchy, so far from preserving the principlea of the paternal toast in a Btrange land, he was suspected of being acquainted with men who thought as little of Church as of King. At last a letter arrived from him in which he avowed himself an Atheist. It was a bitter trial to the Squire, hut to did not flinch from bis duty. He forbade the name of his son to bo mentioned in his hearing. The estates of Gsynne would deacend to the male heir, only in default of direct testamentary disposition on the part of the head of the house. Hie Sqmre could leave the property away from his unworthy son if he so willed. No Gwynne had made a will for tnanr generations. Whether the Squire had broken the custom tfcO QQ0 JtttBW* • fbft Squire had lost bis heir, but he was not childless. He had atill bis nephew to ride with him to cover, and discuss the stirring history of the times over his not immoderate oops. And Harry was a bold and merry lad, frank and outapoken, modest and true, aud in all specta auchaa uWtfV heart. Harry and his uncle were great friends, but not such friends as WHS 0,6 Squire andhia daughter. HUtress BHaabeth Gwynne, at nineteeo y*n«fage, was aaid to hate tejn WfticSar?j teaotifuL I have described the feature of the woman, and from them may be guessed the loveliness of the girl. She was vert beautiful, and very clever: but her temper waa hieh and passional. The visitor, who ehould aoe her unruffled and aerene, might deem it impossible for m gentle* being to twnaoend the ordinary Hmita or the anger of her sei. But on the comparatively rare occasions, when her pusion msiterad her, her paroryami of rage were fearful. Few cared to encounter her, aud none to offer opposition. The pretence of her father was the only influence which stilled her wrath. V her father approached, her love conquered her rage, and she was speedily calmed. Tiiis untameable damsel Harry Gwynne had worshipped with an untiring oonsti — ever since he had been old enough to any opinions at all. & was a year or two older than hia mistress, but from the days when they both wore frocks, she had been, in imperial sense, the mistress, and be the slave. He had played with her, and ridden with her, and quarrelled with her, and obeyed her. He had broken-in a mare for her ; he had planted an IMiaa garden for her; he had acted in all things as one whose existence was ordained for her convenience. AU this she had received as her due. She admitted to herself; if ever ahe thought about the matter, tbat she was very fond of her cousin; but she was not, on tbat account, disposed to play the meek maiden, waiting modestly for the kerchief of the sultan. She used her slave's services with magnificent indifference, and rewarded him sometimes with a smile, and sometimes with a fit of rage. When no more letters came from Paris, and the Squire bepan to act. as though he had no aon, Mistress Bessie evidently deemedheraelf of increased importance. She had neverpretended any love cor the disinherited Horace. His airs and annoyed her. He could say prettier than Harry, and he danced a minuet better than—hardly, at least, better than Harry, for that more rustic gentleman could not dance at all. But be had once craned at a hedge; and, on the whole, his si«{vr did not regret his loss. She began to esteem herself the heiress of Gwynne. Papa would do something for Harry, of course, independently of the fortune left by Harry's mother; but she would be the great lady. The Squire said not a word of his intentions, but the greater the gulf between him and his aon, the tighter appeared the bond that united hitt to his nephew; and the fonder he grew of his nephew, the oftener did his daughter wax wrath with her cousin, and indeed with everyone else. She was but twenty years old, hut she was a notorious termagant; and the old bousekeeperat the man or surmised that she would be the last of her branch of the house, for no one would woo so wild a bride—no one, that is, but Master Harry, and she seemed daily leas inclined to stoop to the faithful cousin. Unless some terrible lesson should tame her, she would live a cheerless life. The oftener this wilful lady was told to be a good child, the more pertinaciously she asserted her independence. Poor Harry still worshipped, but he received more frowns than smiles for his psins. One day when he was more than ordinarily definite and demonstrative In bit professions of attachment, fats, mistress stamped ber little foot aad vowed she hated htm—that her father gave too mu?h lore to tho nephew and too little to his child, and that se fsr from haviag auy iote&tion; of aarrmdenng her heart, she jsgu&d; her suitor as th» chief bar to her earthly happiness. Of course this was not true. Of course the loved every hair on the head of her yellowcooeesf their thoughts, though happily their art is not always skilful enough to conceal itself. But whether it was or wa< uot true, it made llarrr very mil-Table. H« «-»»'" a dutsmtna. It tie was cold to his uncle, hia uncle looked pained. If be was not cold to his uncle, he was accused of win. nmg awav a fttbor'a love from the personage whom, more than aur oihi-r. he detit«d to encircle with alt love. On toe whole, the household was a stormy one; but now and then a patch of blue sky smiled through the clouds. Bowie forg.it her grievances, aud spent a merry day with her old playfellow. These intervals were, however, sorrowfull r rare. And now the Squire fell ill. The career of bis son bad afflicted him mare than had been supposed. Ho was struck with para- Ivsis, and lost the use of his lower limbs. Stretched in hia bed or on a coucb, he wa< dependent on others fur his a-ce*-<iti<>a and f.»r his pleasures. Harry and his cousin vied with one another in unwearied attention, but a state of things which ought to have healed all breaches seemed to widen the gulf between them. When the Squire called for Harry to read hi in the Gasette, or to write a letter to the bailiff, the fair Bessie sulked over her harpsichord. And if, perchance, the Squire aaid, " Bessie, will you write as I dictate f or, " Bessie, I am going to be lifted into the coach, and to be drivan to Mmcbwrterit was, " Papa, won't Harry do it better t" or, " Papa, H«rry knows all about the crops, and will be a more amusing companion." These observations were, unlike some others of the young lady's, neriectly true; and the Squire was gradually and unconsciously beginning to act ujion them. His great siBictton made it hard for him to bear with the c«prices of his daughter, and day after day he became less able to enduro Harry out of hit sight. He was growing prematurely old and prematurely peevish, and his exactions taxed all the patience of hu dutiful nephew. Mi« Bessie's temper, too, grew worse instead of better. Onoe she had even gown into « passion before her crippled father,and had not been calmed byhis appesltng look. She remembered tho day when she was Ml in aU to her parent, and sow she wss as nothing. Nor were there wsntiog those evil influence* of gossip and flattery which are never wanting in a court or estate, the Squire' Will you like to leave the manor, or live In it as Matter Harry's guest? For to Master Harry the Squire will assuredly leave It." AH this Mistreat Elisabeth Gwynne quite forgot that she desired nothing better than to stsy at Gwynne all her life, with this treacherous Barry, at his wife, and forgot also her firta faith that hit wishes entirely agreed with her owu. She only remembered that the was the daughter of the elder branch: that there was a suspicion that she wu to be disinherited j that—that indeed the was not very dear what. But enough had been aaid to route all her rage, and from that day the notion of a will never failed to raiae the devil at her heart. She and her cousin dined daily in her father's own study. It was the only occasion oa which the three were long together. On a certain day, in the oourse of the meal, the Squire looked across the table contrived to fasten to his conch, and aaid: " Harry, lad, has Griffiths gone to Mincheater r' " Ho went at ten o'clock, sir. He rode Brown Hanover. He wanted to have Strawberry, but I know ahe isn't up to bis " " Papa, what have you sent Griffiths to Winchester for? You know I was going to ride over this afternoon." " Something that Griffith* could do better than you, my Bessie," There was a significant look in the invalid's eyes. " Hany, what did he go for P Oh! very well. If you won't tell me! pray keep jour secret!" And the cooked ber spleen. It was not, indeed, a very merry meal. "Hannah, do you know why Griffiths hat gone to Mincheater f" " Griffiths, ma'am ? Manchester, ma'am f I think I heard him tav he was going to take a letter to Mr. Deeds." Now Deals was the family lawyer. The plot was out. The Squire was going to make a will in Jtarry's favour. The despised daughter of the house sat broodiag in her own room, and her face grew very dark. The groom brought round her mare, but she aaid she had changed her mind. She would not ride that day. Late iu the afternoon the saw Ur- Coeds and a clerk drive up to: the avenue in a chaise. She heard them ushered into her father's bed-room. The Squire bad felt weaker than usual, and had retired to his room immediately after hia mid-day meal. The noise of the footsteps on the marble, and the shutting of the doors, was as oil on fire. Elizabeth Gwynne was all but in the last stage of passion. She chafed and fumed in her own room till suspense became unbearable. She rang a hand-bell that summoned a maid, and sent a message. " Tell some of the people to ask Mr. Harry if he will speak with me immediately." Presently the girl returned. " Mr. Harry was busy with the Squire, and could not come." Had it come to this ? Was ahe, the once- loved daughter, to remain silent in her room, while her natural father was signing away her patrimony to her cousin ? Had not she a right to be with her father ? He waa doing something important, or he would not have sent for Deeds. It was her plain duty to be with him. " He shall net do it!—he shall not do it!" she muttered between her teeth, and in a violent paroxysm of passion, stalked alonf the corridor to bar father's rooms. Aa she crested the halt the met Deeds and hit acolyte, conducted bv * lackey, on their way r to their chaise. The old !i twyer bowed low ' Hypocrite T she hissed, and passed She' flung open i her father's door. When all motion had become irksome to him, he had taken up his quarters io what waa called the state bedroom, on ths ground-ioor. Queen Anne had osased a night at Gwynne, and die room had been sumptuously furnished for her. On the lofty bed, rich with cup 0 "" ^wpwa By j.ugy pluraes, lay the old chief of his dsn, helpless and wan. A fire bornld lonrincly on the cunning smith's work that lay at the bottom of the huge fire- place, and threw a changeful light on the high-backed chairs, tha black cabinets, the heavy hangings, aud the painted ceiling of t*M great gloomy room. At tiie side of the bedstead a table littered with peas and writing materials. At the foot of the bed stood Harry, holding in hit hand a clea i, new, parchment document, folded, tied, and waled. AU her ten were then realised. She was the despised and disinherited dant. Hers lav the father who had do»ed her. There ttood thB scheming villain who had ousted her from her own. Her cousin stood still for an instant, startled by her sudden appearance, and awed by the white pascioo of her face. She strode to where he stood, snatched the packet from his hand, and flung it into the glowing coals. Ere her cousin bad recovered from the shock, she h*d thrust the vellum deep into the great fire. He started forward to rescue bit charge before it was consumed, hot she ttood with outstretched arm before the grate, and shrieked in a voice hoarse with rage,—" Robber! robber! robber! Would you rob me of my birthright ? You have stolen my father's love! Would you steal my inheritance, too r Stand back, air; yoa shall not touch it! My father never meant to do it. He does not know what yoa have made him do—lie always loved me—he never would ^ She looked ojp at her father and spoke; and Harry, who had ttood dumb beneath her torrent ol abuse, and down whoso cheeks two hot tears of gentle pity for her, and utter anguish for self, were slowly trickling,—Harry looked round at the Squire, too. He was sitting up in his bed; hit ami were stretched out, and his hands were clasping and enclasping themselves in the air, while hit lips mom. bled in vain, and his eyea seemed to bum to speak. So he sat for a minute, his children rushing to hit side and soiling his hands, tt teemed a< thoqfjh fait brow w^nld crack In the agony of desire to apeak. For a moment the eyea shone win a brighter lustre in the fiickMiQg flameof the burning wat an awful ailenoe for a space, and then Elirabeth burst forth in a wail of sorrow and romorae. She had killed her fsther. Sim had better die to join him. " Kill ma, kfll me, Harry 1" the shrieked. But the utter desolation of grief that waa expressed 1n her cousin'a fsee, silenced her own sobs, Kneeling down by the aide of the bed she hid her head in ber hands, aud was atill. Him came doctor* and domestios. " Another stroke!"—" Poor Squire; and only five-snd- forty,"—" And how did Miss Gwyane get to her father's room P'—'" Did be know her before he died f" All these thing* were said a* ahe waa borne in a dull atuporto her room. Harry alone knew the truth. He saw her laid on her bed and in the custody of her women, and then retired to bis own grief, and the many duties he had to perform. In the morning the old housekeeper came to him and brought tidings of her lady. Elizabeth had alept a little'in the night, and was calm now. She wished to tee her cousin. She received him with great gontleness, and as one who tod had ber life-leason. She knew that no apology could atone for what she had aaid and done. She trusted her grief would be sufficient punishment. She could not insult her cousin in hia own home with her presence, after what had occurred. Immediately after the funeral she should leave Gwynne. Mrs. Griffiths had promised to go with her. She had enougu to maintain her in decent respectability from what her mother had left her for poeket-money. She should not require much,for sheshould not livelong. " And, Harry," the added, " when you hear that I am dead, will yoa let me be buried with paps in our churchyard P" She looked him teanully in the (ace. " O Bessie, Bessie 1" he broke out; " you go away!—you leave Gwynne! It Is I that mast gal It is yours—it is all yoora! He will left it all to you. O Bessie! How could yoa—how could you—f" Bat he stopped in the middle of his reproach. " Bessie, I am come to bid yon good-by. You would not have me stay P It Is better for us to part." I cannot chronicle the precise words in which Miss Gwynne, as toon at the was satisfied that she wss mistress, and not uest, invited her cousin to stay. But he tid stay. It was perhaps undignified in him; he had surely had earning. But he did stay. He stayed some half century longer; and there is no record in the family of his wife ever having flown in a rage with her lord. When Mr. Deeds had driven over from Manchester, he had brought over the draught of a will, unsigned, leaving the whole estate to Elisabeth, So he had been ordered; but be strongly deprecated the notion of the Squire's disinheriting his son tor what he termed the errors of youth. He had tome stormy discussion with his client, and at last left the house, leaving the will yet unsigned, and declaring that if Mr. Gwynne was determined, tome other lawyer must be employed to do the work. The Squire immediately signed the will that was afterwards burned, aud Harry's was the only evidence that could secure the property to his cousin. Before, however, any difficulty could arise as to the succession, news arrived at Gwynne that Horace had been killed in a duel. He had married a French lady, who bore him no children, and who, at his death, came to reside in London, and was aaid to have made a great impression at Carlton House. After seeing the picture, and hearing the story, I was shown the state bed-room. There stood still the broidered bed, with Queen Anne's lilies and lions, and the brazen dogs on which the will had smouldered. I was strangely interested, I own. in Mistress Elisabeth Gwynne. 