THE SOUTHERN MINISTER AND HIS SLAVE CONVERT. A DIALOGUE. BY J. M. LUDLOW. " The South has done more than any people on earth for the Christianisation of the African race." Address to Christians throughout the World, by the Clergy of the Confederate States of America. CONVERT. Mister Shearer, 1'se greatly troubled in mind. Minister. What about, Ceasar ? " Let not your heart be troubled," you know. Convert. Jiss so, Mister Shearer, jiss so. But I'se troubled 'bout many tings. 'Mongst oders, I'se troubled by dat word you read last Sabbath, 'bout de sin of whosoeber will put 'way his wife, 'cept she go wrong, and de sin of him dat marrieth her which is put 'way. Minister. Well, Ceasar, what is your trouble ? Convert. Yer see, Mister Shearer, I'se had tree wife, 'sides my Sally dat now is, and nebber none of dem go wrong 'gainst me, and Sally's had four husbands. Minister. Why did you put away your former wives, Caesar ? Convert. Fust wife,—dat was Phoebe, she were bery good and help me much, but she hev no chil'rn, So Massa say to me, Caesar, I'se want plenty young piccaninny, no good your keepin to dis gal, you choose 'noder wife. I allers good nigger, Mister Shearer, so do as Massa tell me ; get Nan for wife. Nan bear Massa two, three, four, six piccaninny. But her temper so bad, last I'se not stand it ; so go to Massa and say, " Massa can't live wid Nan." Massa he laugh, and say, " All right, Caesar, she good strong gal, I sell her down South. I've jiss anoder wife to gif yer. So he gif me Yeller Nell, dat were young Massa Tom's—Massa Tom he den 'way. Time he come back, he find Yeller Nell my wife. He angry like mad and flog me wid horsewhip, and take back Nell. Den I marry Sall. Minister. Well, Caesar, you may set your con- science at rest on this point. The Scripture says, that he who puts away his wife and marries another commits adultery ; it does not say that he whose wife is taken from him and marries another does so. Now you seem never to have put away any of your wives to marry another, since even your second wife Nan was sold off by your master, though your own con- science must tell you what your intentions were in complaining of her to him. Anyhow, it was your duty to marry again when your master bade you. " Servants," it is written, " be obedient to your masters." Convert. Den servant marry ten, twenty wife if him Massa bid him ? Minister. I hope such a case has never occurred ; but, anyhow, it is not the servant's sin. Convert. Massa's sin den, Mister Shearer, if him servant marry more than one wife ? Minister. Not unless he bids it, or at least formally allows it. Convert. Bress de Lord ! if this be so, poor Massa c'mit heap adultries for him servants ! 'Pears to me, ebery man hev sin 'nuff for himself, widout bearin' oders' sin. Thank you Massa go to heaven, Mister Shearer ? Minister. Crssar, that is a most improper and un- charitable question. Think of your prosperous and happy condition,—of the food and drink and shelter and clothing which are provided for you, without your having the trouble to do so for yourself, of the kind care you receive in sickness, of the many gifts which are bestowed upon you, of the many occasions of enjoy- ment allowed you. Think, above all, of the blessed Gospel which you are privileged to hear, and which would never have been preached to you if you had remained in Africa a benighted savage. The more you consider these things, the more you will learn to make allowance for the few unfortunate inci- dents that are attached to the peculiar but patriarchal institution under which you live, and to appreciate its benefits. Convert. Bery true, Mister Shearer, I'se much for to tank de Lord. I know my Saviour, know He died for me. But I'se troubled in mind all same, Mister Shearer What for Jesus say, " What God hath joined togeder, let no man put 'sunder," if Massa hev power to put wife 'sunder from husban', and husban' from wife, and parent from chil'rn, and chil'rn from parent. Dat cording' to Jesus' law, Mister Shearer? Minister Ceasar, you are contentious. If you have such scruples, I do not know how you are to get through life. If you are ordered to do anything which you feel to be clearly wrong, you may on your own responsibility abstain from doing it, just as the Apostles did, when they were scoured like so many poor slaves for persisting to preach Christ, because they felt they " ought to obey God rather than man." Convert. I'se known one, two, tree niggers flogged for preachin' Christ, Mister Shearer. Dey was right den, Mister Shearer, was dey, in not obeyin' dere Massas ? Minister. I cannot say. My dear Ceasar, it is not every man that wishes to preach Christ who is called to do so. The probability is, that their masters knew much better than they whether they were likely to have a call or not. Convert. Jim Buckley, he flogged two, tree time for preachin', when Mister Buckley forbid him. Dat call 'nuff, Mister Shearer ? Minister. Caesar, I am not here to argue, but to save souls. Always bear in mind the text, " Be obedient to your masters in fear and trembling." Re- member, therefore, that in any but the plainest cases it must be safer for you before God to obey. That is your clear duty and how, however doubtful your course may be other respects. Convert. 'Pears to me de Apostles tink oderwise. Minister. Don't be so presumptuous as to compare inspired Apostles with ignorant African slaves. Convert. Bery true, Mister Shearer. I'se awful ig'rant. Want learn, want learn very much. Minister. A very proper feeling, Caesar. Being so ignorant, you ought therefore to listen to those who are wiser than you, and who are set over you for your pastors and teachers, and who have searched the Scriptures through and through to instruct others. Convert. Ah, Mister Shearer, I'se much troubled 'bout 'noder ting. Text say, " Search de Scripters." What for I not 'lowed search ? What for I not 'lowed read God's Word ? Minister. Because you are not fit to understand it by yourself. Do you remember what I read to you one day from the Acts of the Apostles, how the Ethi- opian eunuch, who was a very great man under Queen Candace, asked of Philip, " How can I understand God's Word, except some man should guide me ?" And can you expect to understand Scripture without a guide even if taught to read it ? Convert. I'se like to try, Mister Shearer. I lub de word of de Lord. Ebery nigger no hev Philip de Deacon to help him. P'raps if him taught read, de blessed Spirit Hisself might teach de poor nigger some. You know John Guinea- coast, Mister Shearer? Him of de " Wanderer "?* Minister. I know the man you mean. A native African, full-blood. Convert. He say dat on Guinea coast Msh'ry teach de African niggers read de Scripter in her own tongue. Dat true, Mister Shearer ? Minister. I believe it is Caesar. Convert. Dat right, Mr. Shearer ? Minister. I suppose it is. Convert. What for de African nigger taught read de Scripter, and de Amer'can nigger not taught read ? Dey less ignorant dan us, Mister Shearer ? Minister. Less ignorant ! poor degraded heathen savages, full of the most barbarous superstitions and vices ! Ah, Caesar, you should indeed thank God for having in His divine Providence brought your race to this Christian country ! Convert. If dey more ig'rant and 'graded dan us, and us too 'graded and ig'rant to read Scripters, what for Mish'ries teach dem, Mister Shearer ? Minister. Caesar, you must overcome this disputa- tious, almost rebellious temper of yours. It is no business of yours whether the missionaries on the coast of Africa do right or wrong in teaching the heathen natives to read the Scriptures. If it be right, it does not follow that it would be right here ; if it be wrong, it is not for you to judge them. Do your duty in the station of life wherein it has pleased God to call you ; pray God to give you grace to obey your masters according to the flesh, to love your wife, and to bring up your children in the nurture and admo- nition of the Lord. Convert. Ah, Mister Shearer, dat 'noder trouble. I'se tried to bring up de chil'rn right away, Mister Shearer. I'se had three chil'rn. Six die small piccaninny, praise de Lord. One taken from me by Massa when piccaninny, for to gif young Massa Tom. Yer know Massa Tom, Mister Shearer. He teach my Joe to cuss and to swear and to drink ; he flog him for noting, and make shocking' bad liar. Joe now rascal nigger, quite,—sure he go to hell. Den Susy, she pretty, she good, like little angel. Massa Smith, de overseer dat is dead, he see her, he take her 'way. I'se half-mad dat time, Master Shearer. I go to Massa and 'plain. He laugh ; Massa Smith, he flog me. Massa Smith, he bad man. make my Susy bad woman. I'se afeard she go to hell, too, Mister Shearer. Den, to spite me, when I go 'plain to Massa 'bout cross Nan, Massa Smith he sell off to South de tree next piccaninny, wid Nan, and I'se left widout ————— * A celebrated slaver, which landed Africans on the Southern coast in defiance of the law. chil'rn 'cept de two rep'bates. Since den, I'se two more chil'rn, one white nigger gal, dat is Flory, by yeller Nell (she no my own chile, but I but I luo her all same like de fruit of my loins, and poor Nell dead now, you know) ; and de oder day, I hear old Rose— Massa's Rose,—she allers hated Nell,—I hear her say to Massa, dat Flory fetch good price in town ; and de Lord help her den, Mister Shearer ! And my young- est boy Bill,—what shall I do if him taken too, Mister Shearer ? Minister. Let us hope that he will not be, Ceasar. Convert. Yer see, Mister Shearer, 'noder ting allers trouble me. De blessed Jesus he say, " Whatsoever ye would dat men do unto you, so do to dem." Now, Massa, he keep Missus to himself, to keep him buckra chil'rn till some years, den 'caus dey is ig'rant, he send dem to school. But de nigger men, de nigger women, de nigger piccaninny, he sell dem South when him want money. He no send nigger piccaninny to school, so dey be neber so ig'rant ; if ole nigger try go school, he flog him. Massa no would like dat his- self, or Missus, if de young Massas was sold, or dat de young Massas was flogged 'cause dey want learn. What for he no do to niggers as him be done by ? Jesus' law no hold good for Massas, Mister Shearer ? Minister. Caesar, have you always done to others as you would be done by ? Convert. No, Mister Shearer, the Lord forgib me ! But I'se tried to many a time. I teach de young Massas all dat poor nigger know ; teach dem fish, and shoot wid arrow, and make net, and find honey and 'possum. Time 'as young Massa Tom lost, I'se out tree days searchin' in swamp, and last bring him back. I bring back young Massa Tom—what for ole Massa sell my piccaninny ? Minister. Caesar, remember the word, " Judge not, that ye be not judged." Any how surely it must be matter of thankfulness to you to have brought up your children, as you say, in the fear of God, what- ever may happen to them. Convert. Ah ! Mister Shearer, I no care so much for de boys, 1 care for de gals. God forgif me ; 'pears to me if gal forced to be bad woman in bad house down South, she better headen altogether. Don't de Scripter say, " De servant dat know not Lord's will and c'mit tings wordy stripes sall be beaten wid few stripes ?" Tink it right dat Massa hev power to force poor nigger gal to 'come bad woman, Mister Shearer ? Minister. Come, Caesar, don't be always torment- ing your poor brain with questions which are too deep for you. Convert. Ah ! Mister Shearer, if dat pretty Missie Ad'line of yours forced by Massa to 'come bad woman down South, you no help axing questions. Dere be many queshuns to ax in dis bad world, Mister Shearer ? Minister. My poor Caesar that is all the greater reason for fixing your heart upon a better one. " Set your affections on things that are above, " you know. Convert. Jiss so, Mister Shearer, bress de Lord. Dere be massas and slaves in heav'n, Mister Shearer ? Minister. No ;—no more slavery there, Caesar. Convert. Dey all masses dere, Mister Shearer, or all slaves ? Minister. Neither masters nor slaves, Caesar ; all free. Convert. Den freedom heavn'ly thing, Mister Shearer ? Minister. You are getting out of your depth again, Caesar. Convert. P'raps de Lord may teach me swim in deep waters, blessed be His name. Don't de Lord Jesus say, " De truth shall make you free ?" If de truth make free, den de lies make slave. Minister. How now, Caesar ? Has some fanatical abolitionist been poisoning your mind ? Convert. Bress de Lord, no. I've never seen ab'litionist. De Lord Jehovah, He my ab'litionist. He bring Him people Israel out ob de land of Egypt, out ob de house of bondage. De Lord Jesus Christ my ab'litionist. He sent to preach de Gospel to de poor, to preach deliverance to de captives, to set at liberty dem dat are bound. De Holy Ghost my ab- 'litionist, for where the Spirit of de Lord is, dere is lib'ty. De Lord hev great black people in dis country, Mister Shearer. Dey cry to Him dis long time in bondage. Dey 'xppec' He come soon, bery soon, to break dere chains. Minister. Cesar, what do you mean by this revo- lutionary talk ? What would your master say if I were to tell him of it ? Convert. Quench not de spirit, Mister Shearer. S'pose Massa flog me or kill me, I tell truth all de same. Minister. For this once, I will not inform against you. But I ???? that you are an ungrateful, discontented fellow, who ought never to have been received to church membership, and I certainly shall not admit you to the Lord's supper till you show signs of a better mind. Convert. Bress de Lord ! P'raps He gif me better c'mmunion, Him and me togeder.—Good Words. 