THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUBLISHED DAJLT PROGKESSIOy. OCS SIGHTS, AXD OCR R250CKCES. SANDHURST, WEDNESDAY, AUG. 12. 1S6-3. THE ELECTION FOP. }fA2TDURANG. TO-DAY ilie electors of Mandurang are called upon to choose a representative in the Legisla tive Assembly. We cannot say the occasion is a momentous one. big with the fate of the community. The most enthusiastic supporter of eithsr candidate cannot be under the delusion that the return of his opponent- will do any sreat injury to the district. Whether Mr. Casey or Mr. Macpherson be elected, the result will not be very materially different. This Parliament ha3 only another year of its term to run, and it is qmte possible that it will not die a natural death after alL In 4the interval, it is not likely that either of the candidates will do any great good or great harm, if }£r. Casey be elected, the most inveterate disbelieve in his trustworthiness can hardly think thai he will have much opportunity for doing laiscliier. and Ids staunchest supporter will scarcely ex pect to see him set the Yarra on fixe, before be comes back to his constituents. If Mr. Mac pherson receive from the electors of Mandurang that honor and trust, whim, of course, he lias earned by Ms long and arduous public services, by his nights of study and his days of labor for the public weaL Ms most devoted adherent, one of those who has never failed to attend a single meeting wherever held, east west, north or south, will not. we fancy, expect to see Ms friend during the next few months immortalising himself, or even occupying half a column of the Artjw. The result of the election can-only very materially influence the business in the Refresh ment Room, and the weekly meetings of the Sandhurst Municipal Council. Still, trifling as may be the effect of this elec tion upon the district or the community, what ever the result, there may be iiose among the electors ire aasioss zo zs>yxrd ikeir votes :-JT i£» caisawate -wiio wSB .tsrr-e Sassa best. To zbsse -wt zssr «aar a isw v.<zAz. IT# do asi for a sassasai fco&w; iv 4s> Shti- 0aaeHLei2«3e itSsiss m j'amstts wis© Issxfi aiiafie wp jiasar saSads £<*. v>se&xx; 3X9 ssi^-uuitatic <s£ x»sas .eas' zSsKt. FOTsasiasaw^ w* h*r*> aosftiSte hmk «z 5®s3aa£«a isanBaissug dS»» xotee atf sarnie «£» jaiags iJasssa»s3r«s 'aafisr ifine !i®aaar ©f r&s; LSUsrsl or -wfto wucltsutiaad &> fe>E! toe stfi she Starssa Tas rlret lyi rose fosr She " jfefcej,® aad ^rkejaer ike saxos is Browa, 0®as9^ia^ or il^Tavisfl, so long as it is 20prccrea of by «xe junta, that is ea.ougkJor them. The second lot act from motives which, are beyond the reach of jyjlitical argument. Sir. O'Keefe has managed to induce a number of Billy, misguided men to believe that Mr. Casey has abjured his country 'and hi* religion, and they naturally enter tain for the latter all the abhorrence and detestation that renegades usually inspire. We of course believe they are mistaken-indeed vre may know that they are ; but "what ia the u&e; of talking to the hovrling wind3 1 The personal friends of both candidates, too, are beyond our influence. Friendship 13 an admirable thins, and we must respect even its errors. If Mr. Casey's frienda credit him with the eloquence and the talents of St. Paul, we can easily ex cuse the in ; and we can hardly do less for Mr. Macpherson'a friends, when they seriously tell us that their candidate is well qualified for the position of legislator. Faith, we are told, can re move mountains, and it can perform even greater wonders than that. It is amusing to witness the faith in Mr. Macpherson's friends, that' literally hope3 all things. They admit every thing. True their candidate has not shown any capacity for public life, and hitherto he has not even shown any inclination for it. He does not possess any of the knowledge essential to a public man, but what of all that ? We are triumphantly told that he will soon learn all thai is requisite, and only let him have the chance, we Hhall all of us be agreeably surprised at the talents he will bring to lights-long hid iii the napkin as they have been. We are re minded of another representative of this gold field whose political beginnings were as humble, and yet who has borne himself creditably-and so on. Now what is the use of reasoning with people like these ? We are dumb in their pre sence, overpowered at the sublimity of their devotion and the immensity of their faith. To the electors of Mandurang who are really anxiouB to secure a worthy and efficient repre sentative, and who think that it is desirable to do so even for the short period the present Par liament is likely to . exist, we address our re marks. They have to choose a representative to-day. Now let them apply the ordinary rules that guide them in every-day life. A seat in Parliament is not a mere honorary position. A member is entrusted with the discharge of the most important duties. Parliament is supposed to represent tho collective wisdom and political -views of the country. To make it a worthy representation,..the electors must s-elect the most able men and the most experienced poli ticians, men who are trustworthy, and who will work well in the public interest. Now in every one of these respects, except trustworthi ness, Sir. Macpherson is admitted, even by his own friends, to be inferior to his opponent. He himself is candid enough to admit that he is.no politician, and his speeches to the electors at his public meetings prove that the admission is not merely the result of his modesty. Suppose him eminently trustworthy, what is the value of the quality uninformed by any practical knowledge -not guided by any decided opinions I But after all, what is tins bugbear-this tin trustworthiness that is charged agrinst Mr. Casey ? The only fact patent to the public is, that whereas once he was supported by Mr. O'Keefe and a party of his countrymen, now he has lost that support. Notwithstanding all the ^ V*>n co liberally thrown out, no real charge has been subsu affair about the Sr. Patrick's Society is really of no importance whatever. Every one knows that at one time Mr. Casey rowed in the same boat with Mr. O'Keefe and friends, and it does not matter whether the date of his breach with them was a few days sooner or later. When ha had the honor and the benefit of their support he was an avowed supporter of the Heales Cabinet, and now that he is unfortunate enough to have forfeited them he still avows the same principles. Mr. O'Keefe and some of his friends are remarkably anxious to make out that Mr. Casey trimmed at the North Grenv33e election,-that is, abandoned his liberal principles and his support of the Heales Cabinet^ in order to secure a seat as the adherent of the O'Shanassy Cabinet. Was that really an unpardonable sin in their eyes ? In whose interest does Mr. O'Keefe, wholly devoted as he is, and has been, to the | interest of Mr. Ireland, if not of Mr. 0*?han assy-the hero of the disgraceful proceedings at the Temperance Hall-in whose interest doas be impeach Mr. Casey of the high crime and misdemeanor of seeking to get under the wing of the O'Shanassy Government ! Is not iht real crime M.r. Casey has committed in their eyes that he did not abandon his politics and go oxer io the opponents of the Heales Adminis traiion ? Notwithstanding his political views, Mr. Casey found himself mistrusted by the Liberal Association and by others on account of the company he kepi, and the only change he .has made is in keeping company consistent with his politics. So much for the charge of un trust worthiness, supported by that ghost "of the North Grenville election, industriously made to walk the earth still by Mr. O'Keeie. We say it is an insult to the public here to have had thi3 charge con stanilv paraded with promises of proofs, and now at the eleventh hour still TO have no proois, and to find a falsa issue raised about an abortive St. Patrick's Society. But even, if Mr. Casey's political trustworthiness could be called into question, bow does that better Mr. Mac pi! arson's position with the liberal electors, and they are the men who will decide this election ? Is Mr. Macpherson _ to be trusted by liberal politicians, and since when ! Has' the advent of the M'Culloch Cabinet shed new light upon the political views of Mr. Macpherson, as it seems to have done upon his friend Mr. Howard * Did 3Ir. Mac pherson support the liberal candidates at the last general election for Mandttrang ? Had Dr. Owens as much of his sympathy then as he wmc to have had lately ? Notwithstanding Ids futile attempt to adopt liberal ideas at the out set or his candidature, he deceived no one. Our friend the Ethiopian doe3 not change his skin so readilv. No liberal with a grain of intelligence could give ^Ir. Macpherson a vote, under the impression that he was supporting a politician of hi3 own school. Thus, we see, that in no single respect essen tial to the legislator can this gentleman bear craausrison with his opponent, and one naturally wondsEs why oa earth he thrusts himself into a I wsiesi, in which comparisons, as Mrs. Malaprop Kiji, are so "odorous?" Mr. Macpherson is Ejrfiasr io T>e pitied than condemned. There ess bs no doubt that he was forced into his iraeseaj cosition, against his better judgment, by irjizi'ls of his with objects to serve. This is srh- the community is presented with the 220212Ions spectacle of a supporter of the M'Culloch Cabinet, opposed by a professed sup porter of the same Cabinet. Any surprise at .ha opposition on the part of a mere tyro in politics-any wonder at a person having the presumption to set up business as a legislator with such a miserable stock-in-trade-is dis pelled when we know that Mr. Howard has been Mr. Macpherson's prompter. That gentleman found his own venture, with equally Bcantr materials, turn out well; and why should not the present? We very much doubt whether the electors of ilandurang will consent to be estimated at this cheap valuation. We do not think that the brilliant result of the Sandhurst experiment will induce them to copy it. A constituency may be ex cused when there are no better men before it; I but at present the electors can secure good abilities, sound principles, and attention to public duties, and with that choice before them we give them credit for understanding their interest too well to select a gentleman whose principles, such as they are, are not sound, and for whose capacity and probable attention to the duties of a representative our only guarantee is an unlimited" amount of faith. If the electors are true to. the political associations connected with thi3 goldfield, as well as true to themselves, Mr. Casey will to-day be returned as represen tative of Mandurang. THE Elp.ctobal ROLL.-The Municipal Kite Collector1 having finished the compilation of the names of the ratepayerson the municipal roll, it will be handed over to the several Electoral Hegistrars in the divisions to-day for the purpose of the names being placed on the new electoral rolls. THE Mdsicipal COUKCLL'S weekly meeting lapsed yesterday, wanting a quorum of its mem bers. At the usual hour, only the Chairman and Cr. Moore were present; Cr. Boyd arrived a few minutes after the specified time. BESDIGO HOSPITAL.-The treasurer of the Hospital has to acknowledge the receipt of L5 from the Advance Company. Police INSPECTION.-Yesterday afternoon Mr. Superintendent Smith paraded the whole of the police force in the Sandhurst division for the pur pose of a general inspection. After the inspection was over, Mr. Smith expressed to Mr. Chomlcy, the Inspector, his gratification at the very efficient state in which he found the men. He also ex pressed a similar opinion on the manner iu which tbd srrangementa connected with the barracks and the. clerical duties.of the department, were, carried out. 