LATE WRECKS... TOTAL WRETCK OF THE GENERAL JESSOP. -The late heavy easteily gales that have swept with.more than ordinary fury along the southern coast of Victoria have proved fatal to another of our colonial crafts; a telegram having been rccivcd by the owners of the abovenamed ship, Messrs. lBroomficld andWhitaker, dated Warrnam bool, 14th instant, stating that the Gene ral Jessop, barque, parted her cable whilst riding out the gale in West Cove, Kent's Group, on the 6th instant, and went on shore, where she became a total wreck ; fortunately all hands were saved. The barque has latterly boon employed in the cattle trade, and was bound from Hobart Town to Port Albert when over taken by the gale. She is partially in sured in the Pacific Assurance Office for £600. FOUNDERIN OF TIIHE SCHIOONERt AL CiEDA.--The Alnmda left Sydney, bound to Melbourne, on the 30th ultimo, having on board 2060 bags of maize, 70 tons of animal charcoal, S0 casks tar, 200 bundles laths. The schooner was proceeding well on her voyage until the 6th instant, when she experienced the heavy weather that has lately visited the southern coast. The following day (Tuesday), the vessel being very deep, and the violence of the gale increasing, she went down within six miles of the laud, near Green Cape and close to where the ill-fasted City of Sydney (s.) was lost. The captain and all hands escaped, landing in an exhausted condi tion. Captain Pryde was taken in one of the station whaling boats to Twofold ]Bay. When the first news of the disaster was known, horses were got in readiness to convoy the crew to the township. They, however, had not arrived up to Saturday night. It appears that the Ahlneda was struck by a heavy sea, and not being able to recover herself started one of her lower planks. The crew were employed for many hours in pumping, but to no avail, the tar having become loose, sur rounded and almost covered them to their mniddles. The Ahneda was the property of the captain, and insured for £1400 in the Derwent and Tamar Office, Mel bourne. FOUNDERING OF TvIE JRi~ TrTUMIPTI. -Tihe Triumph, brig, 162 tons, Captain Lakeman, left Melbourne on the 1st in stanut for this port with a cargo of sugar from Bourbon. She had strong gales from W. to W.S.W, attended with a very high sea up to Cape Howe. The weather still increasing in violence, slhe got blown off the land on the 9th instant, when 200 miles E. of these Heads. She sud denly sprung a serious leak in the port bow, and the pumps having been out of order, soon got choked. At, this time the Bourdalaise, French barque, hove in sight, and, in answer to the signal of distress made, at once bore down and communi cated with the brig. Captain Lakeman was anxious that the barque should re main until the next day, as the wind wasdecreasing. This Captain Delaseelles could not comply with, but offered to take the row on board. Finding that there was no possibility of stopping the leak, Captain Lakeman reluctantly determined on abandoning his ship, and with great difficulty, owing to the high sea, all got safely on boaerd before nightfall,. and the brig was left to her fate. Every kindness was shown them by all on board the Bour dalaise, and they arrived here yesterday. The Triuimph is insured in the Mau ritius. WRECIC OF TIIE SCHOONER PRINCE oF DENmARKn .-This, vessel left Sydney about the beginning of February last, for one of the islands :of the Chesterfield Group,.on . whichi is sitiated a whaling station. She was loaded with stores for it where she arrived on the 20th Feb ruary. She had landed successfully nearly the whole of her cargo when, on the 19t1h March, during a heavy gale, she parted her cables and went ashore. In half an hour scarcely a vestige of the vessel was to be seen. The whole of the crew with groat' difficulty succeeded in saving their lives either by swimming or floating on debris of the wreck to thei shore.. On the second day after the wreck the weather being calm, some of the island blacks; by diving, succeeded in bringing up from the wreck sundry small articles, among which were several of' the carpenter's tools and spy-glass and one or two chests belonging to the sca,. men. As early as possible. after the wreck, theorew commenced the blilding of tihe little vessel which has brought ten of the croew safely from Brampton Shoal to Brisbane, a distance of about 600 miles; this voyage was completed in eight days. The vessel, was somewhat appropriately and goodhumoredly named by the crew Hamlet's Ghost. * It is said that the preparations for'the attack on Charlcst0own cost $S10,000,0001 Thie fight lastedlbut half an' hour, or at the rate of $5,000,000 per minute ! A P.ROANE TOWVN IN CALIFORINIA. - In the northern.part of California is a stream called Yuba River. Aeross it some enterprising' individual built a bridge, and on the banks somebody else built'threo or four houses. The inhabi tants called the place Youba Dam. Three bars were instantly erected, and the town increased rapidly. About noon, one cool day, a traveller and sojourner in the land passed this flourishing locality, and seeing a long-legged specimen of humanity in a red'shirt, smoking before one of the bars?; thus addressed him :--"Hello!" "IHelloI J replied the shirt with vigor, removing lh pipe from his mouth. "What place is this ?" demanded the traveller, whose name was Thompson: The answer of the shirt was unexpected. 6,' Youba Dam." There were about fifty yards between them, and the wind was blowing.' Mr, Thompson thought he had been mistaken. "What did you say ?" he asked. "You ba-Dam," replied the stranger cheerfully. " What place is this?" roared Mr. T. You-ba- Dam," said the shirt, in a slightly elevated tone of voice. "Lookee here," yelled the irate Tlhompson, "I asked you politely what place this was; why in thunder don't you answer ?" The stranger became excited. He roso and replied with the voice of an eighty pounder, "You-ba-Dam ! Do :you hear that?" In a minute Thimpson, burning with the wrath of the righteous, jumped ' off his horse and advanced'on the stranger with an expression not to be inistaken. The shirt arose and assumed a posture bf violence and defence. 'Arrived within a yard of him, Thompson said, '!I ask youi for the last time, what place is this ?" Putting his hands to his mouth' his oppo nent roared, " You-ba-Damn'" The next moment they were at it. First, Thomp son was down; then the shirt; and then it was a dog-ftll-that :is,. both were down. They rolled about, kicking up a tremendous dust. They squirmed around so energetically that you'd have thought they had a dozen legs instead of four. It looked like a prize-fight between tivo pugi listic centipedes. Finally, they both rolled off the bank into the river. Timhe water cooled them. They went down to gether, but came up separate, and put for shore. Both reached it about the same time, and Thompson scrambled up the bank, mounted his warlike steed, and made tracks, lea~ving his foe gouging the mud out of one of his eyes. Having left the business portion of the town-thit is to say, the corner where the three bars were kept- he struck a house in the suburbs, before whidh a little girl of about four years of age was playing. " Whati, place is this, sissy ?" hlie asked. The little girl, frightened at the drowned-rat figure which the stranger cut, streaked it for. the house. HIaving reached the door she stopped, turned, and squalled-" Oo-bee dam i" "Good heavens!" said Thompson, digging his heels between his horses ribs -"good heavens ! let me get out of this ' horrid place, where not only the men, but the very babes and sucklings swear at inoffensive travellers.-New York Tri btale. The American ladies and children artq unfortunately for their health and tlho: soundness of their teeth, great eaters of sweetmenats, and the "candy" shops, which they frequent are only to be equalled in splendour and variety by siniilar establishiments in Paris. It hias been the fashion in lBaltimore to enwrap these dainties daintily in colored paper, so that fair or juvenile fingersemight not be brought too unpleasantly into contact with candy or lollipop. Lately these variegated wrappings have, as if by the universal consent of the dealers and manufacturers, assumed the well-known colours of the Confederates, "red and white." Such lollipop, in General Schenck's estimation, was clearly rebel lions; and the Provost-Marshall was duly instructed to make seizure of it wherever found, and compel the traitorous dealers to take an oath of allegianee to the United States! but the ladies, though deprived of the usual edornment of their sweet meats, were not to be utterly defeated, even by a great General, and their next move was to encase the legs and feet of their little ones in sdeks of the prohibited colours. What can General Schenck do. except give up the unequal fight ? The great Napoleon could fear a military re verse with more equanimity thou he could bear ridicule; and Genera??a Schenck should profit by his example, and with draw himself with all'convenient strategy from a position which makes people laugh at him.-Times. Among the trees which have of late been extensively distributed in the North Wortern Provinces of India and Punjab is the tallow- tree of . China-stillingia sebifera. In China it, is-largely culti vated, and it is said that by its produce alone the taxes are paid in the district of HIongkong. It grows, s:equally 'Wol on low alluvial plains, and on the rich mould 'of canals, in sandy"soils, and oin tlo ac clivities of mountains.. --Prom -its-: seeds, tallow and oil' are procured,' which are extensively ,used in China. Its wood is hard and durable, and its leaves yield a'black dye. It is now thriving well in India. ' The tallow and oil"are easily procured fromn' the seeds. The tree, therefore, is well worthy of'attou tion. SIroaTEN TrHE BACK LEGs OF YOUR CsAnits.-If you out off the' back legs of your chairs, so.that the back part of the seat shall be two inches lower than the front part it will greatly relieve the fa tigue of sitting, and keep your spine in much better. shape.' The'principal fa tigue in sitting comes from your sliding forward, and thlms straining the ligaments in the small of the back. The expedient advised will obviate this tendency, and add-greatly to the comfort and healtht? ness of the sitting posture. The front edge of a chair should not be more than fifteen inches high for the average man. The average chair is now seventeen inches high for all, which no amount of slanting in the seat can make comfortable. Lewis's. Gymnasium. 'Publsllshd by them at hm INDEPEENsT enoeral Prmint ing Ofllc.'tarket Squaro, lrama.' AUGUST 4,1803. 