racoNraOvEBTiBiiB FACTS. I [In tho following only ono vowol is used, ont! n trefor I poculiar verso wo' liave .in consequence. Wo dd not .know who took tho troubtoto vmto tho lines, but they aro curious now they aro done.] . No monk toogood to rob, or edg, Or plok Ko fool so gross to bolt Scotch collups hot. ITrom Donjou toi>s no OronookO rollsi ; logwood, not lotos, Hoods Oporto's howls. Troops of old tosspots oft to sot consort, liox tops our sclioolboys, too, do flog for: sport. No cool monsoons blow soft on Oxford dons, Orthodox, jog-trot, book-worm Solomons $ Sold Ostrogoths of ghosts no horror show, To crocks of gold no dodo looks for food. - On soft clothjbotetools no old fox doth brood, long storm-tost sloops forlorn work onto portk. Rooks do not roost on spoons, nor woodcocks snort; Nor dog on snowdrop nor on coltsfoot rolls, Nor common frog concocts long protocols. . EXTBAOHUWAIHT STOUT.-AMPUTATION OT? A LAM'S. LEG.-Tho editor Of tho Lancet vouches for tho truth of tho tbllowing statement :-Lato ono ovoninç o poraoit carno into our oÖ'tco und asked to seo tho editor of tho Lancet. On being introduced to our snnotum, ho placed a bundlo upon tho tablo, from which he proceeded to extract a very fair and symmetrical lower extremity; which had ovidently belonged to a woman. " Thcro I" said he, " is-there anything tho matter with that leg? Did you over seo a handsomer ? What ought to bo donei I ...Uy rrl,,-, ."». Ik nffS" 'fin linrinir Hin niftnlliltr* of (liego interrogatories put beforo us, wo found that it was tho leg of tho wifo of our evening visitor. Ho had been accustomed to admiro tho' lady's leg and toot,"of tho perfection of which she was, it appears, fully con* scions. . A'fow'days,bofore ho had oxoited her anger, and. they had quarrelled violontly, upon which sho left tho house dcobiriiig BIIO would bo rovonged on him, and that lie should never seo tho objects of his admiration again. Tho next thing ho hoard of hor was that she was a pationt in--Hospital, and had had her leg amputated. She had declared to tho surgeons that sho Butlered intolerable pain in tho knee, and- begged to linvo tho limb romoved - -a petition tho surgeons complied with, and thus be- came tho instrument of her absurd nr)d solfrtorturing revengo upon her husband !?-Sra, Nov. 23. AtwiVAi, av A. LIVE GoniiXA IN LivEnroot.-By tho nrrivnl of tho African-mail steamer Armenian ot liverpool, thcro has been brought to that port a lino male specimen of tho gorilla. Ho appears quito docile, and amuses himself by dancing round tho room at Air Newby's, tho ominont naturalist, and attempting to sow pieces of blanket together. His skin is of an olive color, and as ho is yet vory yoting, only slightly covered with hair. He is remarkably fond of good living, and appears to liavo nn especial relish for beefsteak and mut- ton chops and fruit. Young Mr Gorilla is «bout three feet and a half in height, very broad and thick across tho chest, whilst his arms nlid legs arc long and sinewy, dis- playing great strength. Ho hus n great habit of putting his feet into any stray boots and shoes which moy bo lying about, and when ho is discovered in his freaks, ha invariably runs for protection to any lady who may bo nrcsont. His face, nnliko generally entertained opinion, is not fierce or repulsivo looking, although tho jaws aro both broad «nd heavy. This is tho only livo specimen ol' tho gorilla, wo boltovc, ever brought to this country. Tho dear little pet» wo suppose, will bo immensely |iop ular. But what shall wa do with it wileri it is grown up ; that is, if all Mr Dil Chaillu's assertions aro to bo t.i-nafArl P 