ROCKHAMPTON. (FROM OUR OWN COIinESI'O.S-DEN'T.) St. Patrick's Day Opening of' the new Church? Our future Jiepri'sontiitive?Batch of Lazy None OIiiuiis?Hospital?Cricket?Volunteers? IJiirnetville?Stolen Cheques Cal His Throat? Cut his limit oil'? Now Hotel?Weather?Tea Meeting PIONEER River? fell into the field? Municipal Death of Mrs. Wakefield's Lost Man Sale of Land at Herbert, Broad Mount. March 24, ISfiU. 1st. 1 attack was duly remembered in the usual style by the stalwart sons of the Emerald Isle, on the 17th the day I ought to I have sent you a hiker, but didn't, Don't, however, run off with the idea that my participation in the festivities of that occasion prevented me sending the usual. I was neither " the slightest hit illivated," nor enamoured of the gutter; but, like many others, hard at work. The banks kept holiday, as is their invariable custom when they have the shadow of an excuse and don't blame them neither. Generally speaking the day passed off rather quietly, and as I did not notice or home of any broken heads, the shillelagh had little or nothing to do during the night. Verily I should regard him who, according to tradition, Gave the simula's and toads (such) a twist, only as a second-rate sort of follow if I could meet in with some genius who would rid the country of these blood-thirsty plagues, the mosquitoes. There's not a man iii Queensland who would not annually keep two days' holiday, and call him Saint into the bargain. On Sunday, the 15th instant, the new Episcopalian Church was opened for public worship, the resident minister, Rev. T. Jones, officiating. The building, about the safety of which there has been so much talk, was surveyed by Mr. 1-iaing, and his report was such as induced the churchwardens to lose no time in getting possession, and at the opening there was a very fair attendance. The building did not tumble in upon the congregation, but seemed to inspire them with confidence as they gazed on its proportions. From the outside the building has a gothic look, and the interior arrangements are neat and comfortable. One side is reserved for free seats. The grand old litany of the Anglican Church was impressively road and the congregation joined in the responses with unusual heartiness. Mr Jones preached in the morning from 2 Chron" vi. -10, on the blessings of public worship and in the evening from Mal. a. G, on Christian reverence. The offertory amounted to eleven guineas, and will, in future, be devoted to wiping off the debt on the church. The following will indicate how money matters stand Original cost, £557 ; extra work £35; items not specified in contract, £20 architect's commission, £02 10s.; total, £0.44 10s.; which, except seventeen pounds, has been paid partly by money raised by sub- scription, partly by bills taken up by Messrs Feez, Wormald, Palmer, and Mansfield, to the amount of two hundred and eighty pounds towards which, nearly one hundred pounds! have been collected. in political matters we are yet on the qui vive for the smallest chance of getting rid of our able and eloquent inis-reprcsontntive, Mr. Sandeman and should the gods favor us, we" shall be ready with at least two (if not three) candidates for our future representation. Mr. Fyfe, who is our local man, was stated his willingness, and even anxiety, to serve us Sir. Walsh is also ready for the contest. Mr! John Douglas's name has been mentioned by a portion of the local press, but we have not yet had a positive intimation from his own lips of his willingness to stand, lacking which he will not find much favor with the town portion of this constituency, especially if pitted against Bitch tm antagonist as Mr. Fyfe. Come when it may, We'll hail the day, Nor shun the fray. A-1-IiIi01!S,\ We can, absorb any amount of unskilled labor at the present juncture we would rather dispense with such specimens of idle and stupid humanity as arrived here nor East Clarence. Never did we behold such a batch of great idle, hulking fellows, creeping; about the town, gaping and staring at every passer by as if he were a gorilla. Some of those jokers who were reported to be starving had actually refused to go to work for less than £70 per annum follows whom it would take at least three months to teach common sense and the use of their logs. If the authorities cannot send as the result of butter judgment, we can afford to wait until our next ship arrives from home direct. to me by no means content in this matter to be the common power for your refuse labor The repented laches of the medical gentle man who, till a recent period, hold the post of surgeon to the hospital, determined the com mittee after considerable long suffering in tho hope of a return to a better course of conduct to dismiss him, which was accordingly done, and Dr. Callaghan unanimously chosen in his room on the Kith instant. Nothing but the extreme necessity of the case would have induced the committee to take such a step, as the late surgeon was highly esteemed for his professional ability. It must be told, and lot tipplers take a lossou?"habitual interior once." Our cricketers have not given up the ghost, but intend to give evidence of their being in the " land of the living" by a match on Easter Monday. The name of the club has been altered to the Central Leichhardt Club. The Rockhampton company of volunteer rifles, from a variety of causes, languishes. When the corps was revived, about twelve months since, 30 members would assemble for drill, and on one occasion 42 fell in; and this continued for some months, all of which time the company was without the rifles. The captain was too busy to attend drill, and; never could he got to do anything for the company without any amounting of asking and trouble on the part of the members. These sources of dissatisfaction worked so effectually, that when the rifles did arrive met more than thirteen or fourteen members fell in to receive them. Thou the local drill instructor, Sergeant Major Alban, who rendered his services gratuitously, was compelled to resign his post, through the removal of the N. P. camp from the town. With no instructor, the consequence was the company never fell in for months. The captain did not write for tm instructor, and they would not got one now but for Captain Pitt almost offering to send one. An instructor did arrive at last, to find the company disorganised and disgusted. A movement is now on foot calling on the officers to resign, and make way for more popular men. The residents in the new towns of Bur. notviIle and on the north sWe iLnnraHv Mile Hotel, for the purpose of raising money to drain some swampy land which interrupts traffic. Upward of £70 has been raised, and operations will soon ly be commenced. There are also other conspicuous marks of progress. An aero allotment of land was sold by auction the other day for £170 cash. Clearing, fencing, "Z building are going on with renewed vigour The river frontages are expected to be sold what's angel's bright UP for some individual whose ideas of mum and turn require revision, has stolen from the Canoona Inn, the following cheques, payment of which has been stopped --For was, drawn by Archibald Ferguson on the Australian Joint Stock Bank, Rockhampton, in war lose favour unknown. 2. for £6, by Caldwell and Co., in favour of a German, written on plain paper with only faint ink. 3. for £7 by Stewart, in favor of. OS other, Australia Joint Stock Bank, March to 4 For st Ms. Od.; order upon a Sydney firm by Moss and Munro, in favor of Events, dated about 15th March, on-Forth by James Wilson upon How Walker, and Co., Sydney's For £1 Is by George Murray sandspit very old, pasted upon calico, date torn "off All the above have been several hours ,? Stained. and ? 00,?<^y Somewhat A celestial storekeeper at Yaamba marrow Camoy, for some reason known only to ? ? self, out his throat on the 17th instant to '"J" Um operations ° SU°C0SSlul P«fc"»»nco of SS?' Roy' Hotel, a now hostelry opened lw n from 01»'l>»si'iess centres, was Sch.li?'"T on the 20th instant'. to, wu.ehal.'rgo and respectable company sat down. Jainostown is the name of the locality, and is situated on the Upper Dawson road. The weather seems to have changed for the better, but the roads, for a few miles in the interior at a recent date, were still inundated. The Rev. S. Savage intends to hold a toasting on Good Friday the proceeds to be devoted to the debt on the church building. 15 those entertainments tire hero like angels' visits, and as the object is worthy, a large attendance may be predicted. Mr. Surveyor Fitzgerald is about to leave in the Pioneer River, to carry out a survey here? probably to lay out the future town ship. As certain as a steamer arrives in port, a crowd of idlers rush her docks, and cause |) sorts of confusion, besides impeding the whose business takes them on board. On Saturday last, from the above cause, a poor Inti carrying luggage was pushed into the hold of the Eagle, a depth of about 5 feet. . Fortunately no bones were broken. What a j ty it is something cannot be done to keep ; newly arrived steamers' decks clear of j loafers. The two last meetings of our, municipal council lapsed for want of a quorum. Stops I no however being taken to metal some of the streets and as both local papers keep pegging | may mercilessly at the corporation, we may yet there goaded to perfecting arrangements. William James Macdonald, husband of the woman who cut her throat here a short time since, and also husband of the rotund name she used and ought still to he called Mother Wakefield, has in his turn given up the ghost to' gone to render an account to his Maker. The funeral takes place to-day. This is the md of Mrs. Wakefield's fourth husband (so I fear). Thee Queensland's boil warns me to close; at I must send you the result of the sale of he new township of Herbert, Broad Mount. The following are all the lots sold: Lot 1. J. h. Hov £50 2 Byrnes, Basset, and Co. ... 50 5 Anderson and Rutherford ... 50 7 ll. Patten . 50 ? 15. G. P. Serecold . 50 ? 20. Ditto. 02 ? 25. Byrnes, Bassett, and Co. ... 50 ? 20. P. D. Mansfield . 50 ? 2S. 'i'. Kilner 50 The Eagle left yesterday morning for Port 