TUE CONGRESS OF PRINCES. (ïBOH THE TIMES, ABO. 26.) To those who "have not been forced to acqaint themselves intimately with German politics the proceedings of tho Frankfort Congress may not unreasonably seem almost unintelligible . The high-sounding titles of kings and princes, and grand-dukes lead us to fancy that the questions raised between them in the Congress must be of the larger interest of national disputes. We are half ashamed not to find ourselves as well in informed as to the relations of Bavaria, Wurttemburg , and Hanover, and of the importance of Lippc-Dctmold, as in the history and relations of France, Austria, Italy, and Prussia. But this Congress of Princes is scarcely more than a big name for a parliament of peers. Those kingdoms, and duchíes, and principalities all go to make up one solo nation, and the settlement of the relations between them is to a great extent the same thing as it would be to arrange afresh the votes and relative influence of our English and Scotch counties. The truth is that the political development of Germany is two or three centuries or more behind that of every other European state except Russia. There was a time in the history of all European states when they were composed of a number of half-independent dukedoms, principalities, or kingdoms, but in all but Germany the force and vigour of some leading member of the body has gradually extinguishcd the others and absorbed them into one state. It is only necessary to look through a series of good chronological maps of Europe to see the way in which this process lias been carried out in France and ltuly. In each of these countries , wise and sagacious sovereigns have taken advantage of the weaknesses or the jealousies of minor states to crush or absorb them one by one, and they have grown into their present harmonized form out of what seemed at first a fortuitous concourse of atoms. Exactly the same opportunities have offered to Germany. As there was a King of France who in the course of centuries took advantnge of the weakness of his great vassals or subordinate kingdoms to consoli- date one realm, so there was for centuries an Emperor of Germany to whom the other German states acknowledged a subordina- tion, and who had much the same oppor- tunities for welding them into one powerful empire. It can hardly be said that even the physical conditions of the problem were very distinct. The surface of Germany is indeed broken up into a variety of territories, climates, and soils which offer more tempta- tion to division thnn the compact and cen- tralized territory of France ; but still a glance at the map is sufficient to show that thero is a real and marked territory distinguished irom all the other surrounding countries Which forms the basis of the vague abstraction we understand by Germany. Prussia is not so distinguished from Hanover and Saxony, nor Austria from Bavaria and Wurtemburg, as Geimany is from France ard Russia. But there is a slow and patient endurauce about the German character which has prevented the consolidation of this ter- ritory after the fashion of more rapid and less scrupulous nations. A German is always thinking and never acting, and, what is worse, you cannot drive him into action. He has not the merely sluggish temperament which makes it possible 1or him to be moulded by more eager and less scrupulous wills. Ile does not act himself,, because he thinks too much about it. and he won't let anyone else act for bim for the samo reason. Like his great pi ototype, Hamlet, not oven the ghosts of his fathers can rouse him to punish the mur- derers of his great empire. Ile moy be forced at last, in mere self-defence, to show the fight, and skill, and endurance he possesses ; but ho is as likely as not to be rousid too late and to die himself in the snuggle. gome such fear seems to possess the great German people at the present day, and to find an csnresslon in tho Austrian project of reform. While this unwieldy, somewhat heavy, and ponderous mnsa of German na- tionality has been thinking, and doubting, and hesitating bow to act and how to con folidate itself, a more Bhnrpwitted nation on the one Eide, and a more unscrupulous and less thoughtful empire on the other, havo been growing into united and con- densed powers, which threaten to cut in funder the German nation at ils very centre. France on one side and Russia on the other aie inserting the points of territorial wedges which threaten to force tho German national body into two separate divlBions. Unfor- tunately, the voty conditions of the German nation itself tend to produce just the same division. Two powerful states, Austria and PruEBio, havo grown up, one on the north and the other on the south of Germany, and political and religious influences tend to foster a se pin allon ana to induco a gravitation of one-half of the nation to Austria and of tho other half to Prussia. Dlffeiont commercial interests seem to tend in tho same direction, and a vast customs union has been estab- lished, containing the north of Germany, into which Austria has not cordially entered. Various, buthitheito abortivo, ellorts havo been mado to stop this tendency to disinteg- ration, and to establish a great German nationality, or federation. Ever since the First Nupoleon destroyed tho old Gorman empire the diead of a similar dissolution has existed in tho German mind, and its wholo internal policy has bef n directed to provont it. The German Confederation of 1815 was intended to ba an effective substitute for tho old empire, and to constitute a great central European power. But it was too late in tho day to bring about a rial unity, AB in tho natural body, BO in the political, unity grows tut of variety, and one body is composed of various ilemcntB ; but ii the elements do not aEBimilnto at once they get a habit of isola I tion and grow into separato and distinct foime. Although, thereforo, in the great fiiB ing pot of the revolution of fifty years ago tho Gtiman atoniB concentrated from 300 into Ecmething less than forty, tkeeo forty havo bhown a persistence of separation which has made ithopeltss for any real and vital com- bination to take effect. A Diet was estab- lished, tho members of which were hound by the singular obligation never to bo attracted into union by tho influence of mutual inter- course. The members wero nominated by the different Governments, and were bound to vote according to the directions of thoir principals; and in this way an Assembly which ought to have been tho opportunity and the means for combination was ingeni- ously contrhed to TCpresent and bring into piominenco iEolation and obstruction. Tho Bund was amero hurdle of sticks, some big and eomo little, but none of them growing together, and loosely bound by an artificial bond. It really seemed at last as if it would not have beeu difficult to separate them. One of tho biggest sticks seems in danger of being drawn away by tho hand of ino RuEEian Emperor; but the other big stick has no such great staff to graft itself upon, and has begnnto bethink itself of the old story of tho bundlo of sticks, and mcnnB to try if it cannot bind other little ones np together with itself. That is pretty much the object of the pre- sent Austrian proposals. Austria has had a very practical and painful experience of the weakness and uselessness of the present band of the bundle. When she was attacked in 1869 by France sho tried to bind herself up with the other sticks, big and little, hoping I that Napoleon wonld not bo able to break the bundle. But the band was too IOOBO, and the French Emperor picked her out and handled her by herself, and broko a great piece off, and she is afraid of Bindiar treat- ment again. Perhaps, too, she is really and honestly aware that a similar fato impends over all the smaller sticks, and has been taught by her own misfortunes to take a deeper interest in the good of the wholo, anda to understand it better. An instinct of self prct'crvotion drives her to talco Borne moa £ure which will present for the future a compact Germanic force to foreign aggres- sion. It is not iieceesnry eithor to claim for the Emperor Francis Joseph an enthusiastic desire for the greatness of the Germanic Con- federation independent of his own interests, or, on tho other band, to corridor that ho Las no other object in his proposais but per- sonal aggrandizement. Ho has been taught . I y a stem experience the weakness of tho motley confederation he presides over, and i he hoB hod tho wisdom to leam. He knows i the danger to himself and to others, and ho ¡ vi ¡shea to do his best to avert it. With this view thero 1B every reason to ho- , licvo that the apparent openness and libe- rality of tho Austrian proposals are perfectly i-incere. It ia moro for tho interest of tho Emperor to establish, even at Eomo personil melifico, a close executivo and deliberativo uiiion among the German Btates than to II vivo the ompty title of Emperor, and to tjy to recall a past Btato of feeling and a con- stitution which hnvo been long ago tried and le und wanting. "Whether his proposals aro practicable or not, nono but (lie Germans can decide ; but they aro ceitainly practical. He v ishes to throw the management of Federal affairs into the hands of a Federal Council, compoEcd of tho plenipotentiaries of the Go- vernments, of moro manageable foun and composition than the piesent obstructive Diet, and to still further strengthen the lSxecutlve ty the »ppointment of a direclory of five, of vhorn A.sir'a, Prn_*io, and Bavaria are io le permanent members. Tho constitution i Í ihcse bodies would certainly make the con ictieiation more active and íeady than ita etmbrons organization permits it to' bo at rment, and it would give very great promi- nence and executive power to Austria und Jrcfsia. This is but reasonable, asanyattack cn the common in tares ts is almost sure to I e directed in the fint instance against them. 'J lie weakness of tho tcheme consists in its v ent of a broad, popular basis. It .beginn /um the top, and not from the bottom. It «foes not strike its roots deep in the people of Germany, and would be likely to break np .with the jenlout-ies and rivaliies of Prince-!. II 1B proposed, indeed, to establish oleo un. AfEtmbly of Delegates; but this ia only to n f tt once every three yeais, and ita incm 11ère are not to be olteted by the people of ile diffeient states, but by the several Diets. We do not wonder that the Assembly of Di legates now at Fiankfurt should consider that this scheme offers a tco nnrrow popular 1 IHÍB for so vast a Butiorstructure.'.nd should ne little hope of a permnnt-nt cenhtructioa ol German unity which is not based o'ndo.p ] e pulur representation. However, the pro I i ctBl is acknowledged universally to be much nore liberal than had been expected, and if iho German princes and peoplo could bj» v lie enough and bold enough to accept it ia | iho vitw^ which the AuMrian Emperor i*_> pilfses with statesmanlike temperance, " ns «i lilting basis" for further prccceningi*, it might he tbo beginning of a new Cernían unity. Butlherc seems rcaFoii to ftnr that the pro-" CÇIB of separation lins gono too far. Th« rivalry of Austria and Prussia has reach« d too great a height for thtm to meet in friendly biiion at common cour,sols and in common. f ellon. The paltry e.cuees with which tho King of Prussia apologizes for his ab once in m the Congress can cover no other motivj ! but jealousy or fear of Austrian ascendancy. j 1 he Prince of Lippe-Detmold may probably le absent or not as he pleases, without mak 1 ir-g the slightest difference to tho'dellbcra I lions of the Assemlly; but the absenca of I'mssia, if persisted in, mutt bo fatal to any di finite result. Still it is no light thins ihbt all the German princes but these two ilituM havo assembled at Frankfort uudeir the pie_iidency of Austria to discuss the means of making the German Confederation a n.bstantivepower: and if PJUSBÍO porsists in her senseless polity of isolation it may rauIt in placing Austria at tho head of a jowerful alliance, if not of a powerful fede lation, in Southern Germany. Though tho Emperor moy not gain his txpress object ho mi y veiy piobably obtain some compensa- ron, and unless Prussia playe ber cards with mere common sense, Austria may strike tho icots of a steady and growing influence iimciig the Southern German States. It is at Irait certain that tbc German Federation cannot continue to exist as it does at present. 