A. PICTURE IN THREE PANELS. IFROM ONCE A WEER.1 How many years is it, I ask, since I first listened to that music ?? And you come and lean over the back of my chair and call me foolish. I know you are there, though I do hut look on into the firo and read from a book whose pages no printing-press hath touched. Foolish, am I ? Well, I nin only living over again some old days, happy and unhappy, which have made you and me what wo are. Foolish ! You fonjet that you have been Tilavina the ' Coro religioso,' and that when I first heard it — well, go yonr way, and while you are gone, let me think out the story, and paint my picture. PANEL I. You stood, one of a merry party, near the piano, with your hand on the chair of tho player, even as it rested on mino but now. I saw you for the first timo, and you were singing the ' Coro religioso :' I heard your voice amongst all others, distinct and clear. I was to have taken tho Count's part, but foolish then as I am now, some strange bewilderment seized mo, and your Cousin Ernest Haughton stepped forward with his resolute, musical, ' No, no, non piu,' wliich I ought to havo sung. I sank back abashed, and looked at jon both. His hand touched your shoulder how dared he ? And I saw how handsome he was, how polished ; with ' gentleman' written in every line of Ids mobile face and oveiy movement of his figure. I heard somo ono say, 'well matched,' and.it was true. You looked well together — a fitting couple. Do you see me there, in tho dark shadow of tho door, biting my moustache and watching vou? I was a crreat. strong, rourfi follow comnarocl with Ernest, and I felt it. I was unused to ladies' society; no mother or sister had taught me- gentle- ness, or its simulation :; and so, seeing you for. tho first time, and feeling my own. awkwardness, jealousy took possession of me. , I would havo had that smoothfaced Ernest out on the hill side with the hounds in full cry and a mighty fence before him ; then, would he have beaten me ? But there, in the drawing-room, he shono and triumphed, while I stood in the shade watching him. There is tho first panel of my picture. You re member it, I know, but it is not written on your brain as it is on mine. . Its color was on the days, that followed, and it had set a mark ' on nvy life for ever. You know how at first you thought me shy and awkward, and in your kindness tried to draw out my scanty words on every occasion ; at least, I thought so, and I would not be drawn out. I preferred watching you ana your cousin, gloomily ; x was in a lever of infa tuation, or I should have quitted the house that held yon at once, instead of lingering' on, buying dearly my first knowledge of the great passions of life. Ernest Haughton would have made friends, with me, but I repulsed him ; at times I heard him speak light words, which shook my first acknowledgment of admiration for him, and I believed from my heart that he was not worthy of you. Was I ? That question never occurred to me ; I contented myself with seeing his faults, not thinking of my own. I had a jealous envy of him, for all that ; I delighted to outdo him in any way ; often I have startled you by some wild feat of daring which I know Ernest with all his high spirit, would never' attempt, but ho only laughed at me. Once, I remember, your face grew pale at a momentary danger which ; I had scorned to fear, and when I saw that, a mad impulse came upon me, and I snatched your baud and pressed my lips upon it. Even then Ernest only turned away to hide a smile. I saw it though ; I fancied it was a smile of triumph, and the thought drove. me wild.' He knew his secu rity, and mocked my weakness. I felt, too, that your manner grew colder and more distant after that.. Ono day I came upon you suddenly amongst the shrubs; you wero looking after the figure of Ernest in the distance, and there was sorrow hi your face. ' ' He is going to leave us,' you said. ' Ho joins his ship to-morrow : and the separation is a painful ono.' I could not keep my tone from being bitter ; and you looked at mo with reproachful wonder as you answered : ' Of course. Ho is my cousin.' A wild hope leaped up in. my heart then for a moment, but it sank as quicldy. I put it down with a strong hand, feeling that it was madness* I could hear this state of .things no longer. 'I shall leave you, too,' I said ; ' but that will bo utue loss. . You gave me no duwser ; ' and the ungracious ness of my speech ? struck me. B.ut. your head was turned away ; I thought you wero still looking after Ernest, .and I did leave you. I said no fur ther good-bye to you, but went away silent and miserablo, determining ' to pnt you out of my thoughts for evor : as if such a thing wero one's own power. -.:??? For twelvo long months I never saw you ; I hunted,' and shot, and fished ; I tramped the coun try, high and low, but I bore about with me always the first panel of my picture; -and 'nothing 'could dvivo out from my dreams the voice of Ernest with his ' No, no, non piu,' which should have been mine. I have been rambling for some days amongst the Scottish hills, when the fine weather changed to rain— incessant, heavy ; arid I was kept prisoner at a wretched inn, where there was nothing to do or to see except the fierce splashes which beat against the window and ran down it in streams. I asked the waiter if it always 'rained there, and though his answer was aB comforting as the re+ sponse of a brother waiter to a_ similar query— ? ' Na, na, man, it snaws whiles,' yet ho took pity upon my feckless, do-nothing condition,' and brought in a pile of old newspapers. I turned them over listlessly. You know what caught my eye ; the wrock of a vessel and the names of the lost : Lieutonant Ernest Haughton amongst them. I lookod at tho date— ii was six months back. For give me for it, you who -know how my whole heart was still clinging about you ; could 1 help the joy that burst from my lips that moment? I did not think of Ernost, of death, or of those who -mourned his loss ; I thought only that you wore free ; and that in the possible future which stretched out be fore my eyes, it might be mine to make up to you for a past sorrow. I started. in the pouring rain : what did I care for that then ? ? I never slackened my speed till I stood once more in the well-known room, and saw you. You were in' '.mourning too: I looked at' it jealously at first,1 thinking that six months had cousin. But nry head ? grow dizzy as I looked at you, till your . oxclamatiou, half of pleasure, half of dismay, made me conscious of the figure I pre sented. Dabbled, mud-stainod, a great rough fol low then as formerly, I stood before you ashamed of myself. ,..:.-. ? ?.-'- 'Jfyou did but know,' I stammered, 'howl have longed to see you again ; how I havo travelled night and day without stopping — ?' , You broke into, my speech, to insist that I needed rest and refreshment, and must havo it. You did welcome mo — how I blessed you for it. By and by youspokc to mo of , Ernest Haughton, and 1 1 took courage to ask ouri daring question, which 'nothing but your goodness could have pro nounced excusable. , . ' Toll mb' one thing,' I said. 'Were you en gaged to Ernest ? ; .'.:...?., , The words slipped from my tongue, as though they had burnt it, and you looked at me calmly and answered ' No.' ., ._ ....... , ,. - ? ; '..;? But 'ft oil 1. believed in my secret heart that it was only tho word, engagement which -had been wanting. I hoped, however, from the calmness of your answer, that you were learning to forget ; I must givo 3'ou time for that. You would havo. talked on '? about Ernest, his friends, mid : tho shock his death had .boon, but. I changed the subject,' uind avoided, it studiously.' I wanted liim to 'be far, away in tho past,' not talked of, but forgotten. I flattered myself that I did not care what he 'had been to yoiTonco, now that it was all over, and I could not help my. jealous naturo, nor the madness which stung me at times when. I heard you pro nounce his name .with— as. I fancied— such regretful tenderness. , . .-. . .,-?'? ' . . .-??'.-? '.' j ??-? I curbed down my impatience, ; for a wliilo -with the reflection that I must let you forget him ; and then — remember it — I told my tale. You seemed touched; I saw your lips.. tremble, but no word came from them. ; Then I went on, ?following up my own ideas and acting upon them. I said I did not', care for first love- — which was false — I wanted ?. you to givo me what you could ; in timo it, would, be- your whole heart, I trusted; and if uome 2-as.siijg fancy hud ever; bound you to another, let it be forgotten. So th.ai if it ,was really past, I would never mke up its ashes. ' . ,,..':. , You tnriied to mo smiling, and asked me falter ingly, ' Was I less exacting than others, that I ': promised so readily , to be satisfied with a wornront Heart?' -. ', ?. ' ' ' ' . ?:. .. : --V- -???'- Satisfied P No ; I warned you of my jealous nature ; but the music of a hundred joy-bells rang in my ears and. Bttunbled from my tongue as I did. so. Vehement and passionate always, I scarcely think the old fire has died out of me even yet. At that time I might surely, in my security, havo spoken of your cousin, and learnt the depth of your sorrow for him, hut I would not. The Siting which hit, name held even then terrified me, and I nvoided all mention of him. You seemed, too, so quiet and undisturbed, while the excitement of my new happiness was fill ing me with exuberant life, that I could not help at times tormenting myself with the reflec tion that it was neither new nor strange to yon, as it was to me. I did not care much then, however ; I was too happy, and I trusted to time. So that I might be with you, and know that you wero my pro mised wife. I could be satisfied. And you had always a welcome for me ; were always ready to listen to my eager plans for the future, and to sympathise with them. Do you re member those summer evenings ? How we lingered in the coppice of Femwood, and saw the sun light on the mill-stream, glancing through the trees, and playing amongst tho underwood ? How we sat on grassy knolls and talked, letting the time slip by unheeded, till you would sud denly start up and say there would bo a scolding waiting for you at home '! I know about those scoldings, do'l not? A grave word of anxietylest you should have taken cold, or stayed out too long ; for I was not half careful enough of you. And do you remember standing with me in the shrubbery on the spot where Ernest Haughtou had parted from you ; and a momentary fancy came into my head that you were thinking of him. But when I looked into your quiet, contented face, my thought died before it could have reached my lips. That was: the eve of our wodding-day. We were married. . I can not think of that time calmly ; even now, when I would put the sterner touches to my picture, the ex citement of that . new happiness comes back to hid me pause. ...-?-. . ? ? . Idiot, that I was ! How came it that, -by and Ijy, dark thoughts becan to' rise un in mv heart, and to have a recognised place there ? That I looked upon- your calm content, and thought, ' with a jealous pang, that you wero not happy with me; that what you had'given mo was not love, but the dregs of the warm heart which had gono down under the waves with Ernest Haughton ! I don't know, how it camo about, but so it was. .i With a won derful aptitude for self-torment, I raked up all the circumstances, throwing over. : them the one - colour which distorted my own vision. And there grew up a strange coldness- between us ; I sought after solir, tudo, that I-might brood over my thoughts ; and if at times you : came : near and I caught the look of wondering sorrow in your face, I stilled tho pang it gave me . with the counter-thought that ' it was a sorrow to which I could not minister if I would ; a sorrow for the dead. ' :??:-?? ? ? ? ' ?'??,-- Why did you. boor with me so long and patiently, never uttering one word of reproach ? At first, indeed, you used to ask why I was moodyand' sad, but a cold answer, or a vehement one Wliich you did not understand, sent you away, silenced. And this mute forbearance only strengthened the idea that 1 was nothing to you. Foolish then, if you like : aiid yet in that folly I was unutterably miserable. Miserable because you wero so dear to me ; because your very presence, or the touch of your hand, would send a thrill through every pulse, and yet: I could do nothing to make you happy. I oonld do nothing but indnlge bitterly the feeling that our marriage was a mistake, and you did not love me. What wonder if day by day you grew more distant and reserved, and I more gloomy, while the barriar between us strengthened? Ours was a strange honeymoon, was it not ? PANEL II. ' I was sitting over the fire moodily, thinking as usual, wondering how long our life; was to go on thus, and how it would end; wandering back again to my wild days among the Scotch hills, to the pile of old newspapers, and the tidings that sent me off through the pouring rain in search of you. My back was to tho door, but when I heard it open gently. I knew that you were there. You come and stood near ino on the rug, and spoke, with your voice a little roused from its usual passionless calm. For you see from the, very first you had been so quiet, and my vehement nature craved something more demonstrative. I heard you thqn with tho old thrill stirring my heart, and I traced unwonted excitemout in your tone. ? , ' A strange thing has happened,' you said, ' and I have come to tell you of it.' ' Well, I am listening.' For a moment you hesitated, and then went on. And I saw that you held an open letter in yourhaud. . My Cousin Ernest was not drowned as we be hoved. He and four of the crew, were saved; they havo boen brought off one of the lone islands of tho Pacific, and are in England.' . ' ? 'I never moved. ' Sitting ; there withyour shadowy presence near me, i my wife, 'I1, saw. in tho firo tho first panel of ray picture, and heard tho voice of Ernest break in upon the ? Nuns' chorus. For you tho sea gave back its dead, ', and forme what re mained ? But I knew that you expected me to say something, and I spoke, not in congratulation or re joicing, I was not false enough for thak ? 'You must give your cousin a welcome,' I said. ('You will be glad to see him— of course he will como here.' , . . You did not answer. I would not raise my face though I was conscious that you sought to read it. I could not meet that mournful inquiring look of yours which was wont to fill me with inexpressible tenderness. - , ? ? ? ' You turned and went away silently, and left me to my musing. I hardly know what I thought or felt, or wished for. The jealous envy which had been growing .up for Ernest' dead, changed into disgust and hatred . against Ernest living ; and across it thero came a mockery of gladness in your pleasure at seeing him agnin. I shunned you less at that time than usual ; I could not keep from fol lowing you with my' eyes compassionately, thinking how 1 was in the way for ever, and but for me you might be happy. . You remember tho day. your cousin camo. I got up a show of welcome ; though lionised and foted as the hero of the wreak had been, ho seemed more intolerable to me than ever. But you wero gayer than usual ; at dinner you talked lightly, with a make-believe, as I thought, of happiness before Mm'.1 You were interested in his adven tures and drew him out ; I alone sat silent and stupid. Wlion you left ns, I, holding open the door for you, ventured to look once into your face. Its gaiety was gone, and a won, dreary exhaus tion had come over it. , I put nvy.haudover my eyes, for a moment, feeling that the table with its glasses and decanters roeled before them. j . ??'. ^lb J. Ollb UUU1I jUlll UUUSUi liliUU UUl »UVH « £*.i-«u. outburst.' ' What on earth is amiss with Ellen ? She looks like tho ghost of herself.' I battled with a quick pain at my heart and made some trivial answer. I hated the sight of his hand-.j somo face at my table. ' ' ? _ i ' Ellen used to bear a great deal of ? persecution, from me,' he Avent on, holding up his glass to thei Ht/lif 'Ynn ifTinn' T wns trniner' to bo married before that hist trip, and when the affair was put off, I made n sort of scape gont of Nelly, and; bored her unmercifully. Ono woman doesn't- often i hear another praised as patiently as she did. The. only time we over quarrelled ? was about yon, old, fellow.' ?' - ? ?.'???'? . , i ,1 parried my glass to my lips steadily and put it. down untasted, but I could not trust my voice to, speak.; -??..???? ? ?? ? , ? ! ! ' I.daresay she has told, you all ? about :it. ??? You: know you were inclined to be ferocious at times, and; I. got almd.ihabit of calling you Ursa Major, &c.; ; You needn't frown about -it.-' Tho fact was I saw; which, way, the wind blew, and couldn't resist the fun : of Laving' .something to .teaso Nolly about -in her; turn. I had to bo very humble before I got forgiven, and I knew then that Ellen was done for.' - '' Will yon help yourself?' I said, breaking my silence suddenly. I should have liked to get up aud ; shake hands with him, but for the thought that it might bo dangerous... . ,. ., - ? 'No more wine,' said Ernest. 'But if you have anyplace big enough' to 'swing a cat in, vfliere one mightinakea'brnte.of oneself with u mild cigar-j-';- ' ' ''?'? ' ' ' j'ANUli III. ? '? -,-''';?;- ? I don't kuow how! to paint it. ' Yon wero pitting by tlie ; ;fire . in the 'twilight, and your head ' was b'cnjt, with one hand shading your .face, and the other holding iV book which you were not reading, Wore ' you thinking tlion of ' the days gone by,; ?and wondering tit, the dark spirit wliich had taken possession of your husband ? Lights and. shadows fell 'over your fa'co jfroin the fire, but its ^expression iof sadnes3 never 'changed.. And' I,' knowing what \ I had been all this 'time ; thinlangotiny blundoring and folly; seeing' it in its'truc light:, how could I .speak to you? ' I don't know wlmt I said, but I know that the first words of remorse and self-Hc'ciisatioh brought vour hand to cover my lips gently ; and I know : that -i; was happy then 'us I- had never deserved to bo : ,happy afterwards, even in confessing inyniad ness, and hearing your tales of- Ernest's infatua tion about some one else ; in watching the sorrowful look pass from your face, oud its old brightness cunie back. 'But if it was about Ernest that I had bnen so foolish, why did I always slop you when you spoke of him, instead of letting you tell me all ?' That was one of the questions I could not answer. But I should think that your cousin, when he came in from his mild cigar, must have imagined that dinner was a wonderful improver of Ursa Major's temper. Are you thero again, behind my chuir? Well; I have finished the picturo aud you may look at it. I have had it in my mind's eye this many a day; and . now it is doue. There is ono comfortable reflection about it, namely, if it is true that all men are! mad once in their iives, surely my time is over. You were too gentle with mo ; you should have called mo to account instead of bearing all thiugs so patiently. Never mind! we have learnt each other by heart now. One's first untried affection may bo faulty and vacillating, but in spite of Sir Cresswell Cress well, tho holy love of married years does but grow firmer and deeper, and more indispensable as . it loses its novelty. What do you say ? ? Louis Sand. .CniNESE Gambling. — A correspondent of tho Ben digo Advertiser, 2nd April, says — 'It is a well known fact that gambling in this colony amongst the Chinese is getting to such a pitch that serious appre hensions are entertained, unless some . restriction is placed upon it. I have it from good authority from Chiriamoh themselves that about fifty per centl of those who frequent those houses come to an untimely end, and often by committing suicide under and after the losses which they sustain in those places.: A Chinaman will enter one of those houses with all ho is possessed of. After a considerable time, perhaps, he loses all. What then does he do 1 Possibly ho commits the rash act of suicide in one form or another, or, on the other hand, he will be found in his tent sleeping by day, but at night he is to bo found thiev ing for support; and what, ho gets in this' way is quickly turned to cash to';. carry to the gambling house.' . : ? r u.i ijw. niTstt ouimuy oi wio i-ew iuur, tuc .Lvov. Henry Ward Boechor announced to his congregation (Brooklyn, Now York) that the pew-rents for last year amounted to 18,649 dols. Notice .was given that the sittings for the present year would-be lot at1 public auction that evening. - - ?' ; . The death of an undor-gamekeeper is reported to' have occurred ' near Nottingham, from a most ;re inarkable accident. The head keeper had fired at a rabbit and. killed it, but a single shot struck'on the root of a tree, glanced off, and entered the.oyo of the under-keeper, killing- himon tho spot. , ; Ixdian Railways. — The following is the exact account of the miles open of tlierailways in India at this date : — Greiit India Itailway, 495 mile's ; East [nilia Railway, 750^ ; 'Madras'' ilailwfly,.'448 ; Ba roada Railway, 187A ; Scinde Railway, 105; Pun jaub Railway, 32 ; Eastern Railway of Bengal, 110 ; Calcutta and South' Eastern Railway, 28i ;? Great Southern Railway of India, 79. Total, '22354 miles. ? J 1 The Opening of, Padua went. — Mr Disraeli has issued a circular to the Conservative members of the House of Commons requesting their attendance on tho opening of Parliament, ' as business of import ance will probably be brought forward.': This sum mons of the Opposition leader in the lower House'to his followers has' been promptly, followed by 'a cir cular from Lord Pulmerston to the Ministerial sup porters conveying a similar request. A Leper Village. — Lieutenant Powlott has drawn up an interesting report on a leper village at 'Turn-tarn, in the district of Umritsur. Somo fifty years ago Runjoet Singh built a temple there, and among the beggars who flocked to share in the offerings was a largo body of lepers who were em ployed as menials. The reputation of tho tank for mitigating leprosy attracted others, and gradually tho whole establishment passed- into their hands. There are now 138 under- tho leper Mount, who organises them into begging gangs perambulating the country for months. The Punjab Government has decided to send all the Lahore and Umritsur lepers there, and to contribute 80 rupees a month, with some land for their support. Tiiis arrangement will, of course, be so made as to prevent the contribution boing accepted as if for the temple. i Beneficial Effects of Swimming ox Weak Chests.— The medical authorities of the French army especially recommend that men inclinod to diseases of the chest should be continually made to swim. The following are tho effects (which M. }o Docteur Dudon attributes to swimming) on tho organs of respiration : ' A -swimmer wishing to pro ceed from ono place to another, is obliged to deploy his arms and legs to cut through the liquid, and to beat the water with them to sustain himself. It is to tho chest, as being the central point of sustenta tion, that every movement of the limbs responds. xuis irradiation oi uio movements to tuo chest, Jar from being hurtful to it, is beneficial, for according to a sacred principle of physiology, tho more an organ is put in action, the more vigor and aptitude it will gain to perform its functions. Applying this principle unto natation, it will easily bo conceivod how. the membranes of the chest of a swimmer ac quire development — the pulmonary tissues iii-mness, tono, and energy.' — All the Year Mound. j An Eloi-ement. — It- has been discovered that among the passengers who sailed from the Mersey on the day before Christmas-day, in tho Southern Empire, for Melbourne, was a confectioner from Stroud, who had eloped with a young girl who had been an assistant in his shop since July last. His wife had not suspected their intimac3', and a fort night before had left homo at her husband's sugges tion, while ho sold up ? the business and furniture, representing that with the' proceeds ho would set up a confectioner's shop in London, where tho wife was desirous of removing, as sho had relatives thero. His wifo had brought him all the property ho was possessed of, and ho has loft her penniless. He and his. paramour wrote to the wife on tho day the ves sel loft Liverpool to excuse themselves for their con duct. — Liverpool- Courier. ' , A Stkakoe Scene in the Blackfuiabs Road. — For many years past in the parish of Christchurch, Blaclcfriars' road, a number of houses . standing on the southern side of Stamford street, extending froni the corner house in Blackfriars road nearly up to Broad-wall, have romained untenanted. This has occasioned considerable loss to the parish in the shape of rates, aud has much deteriorated the value of the surrounding property. ( These houses, well known to tho passengers between Blackfriars bridge and the Obelisk, present a most forlorn and ruinous appearance, being entirely destitute of a pane of glass, the window frames and doors rotten with neg-| lect ana flirt, anil tho areas chokeil up -with ruubisiii of all sorts. What is still more remarkable, most of tlieso houses are filled with what was once costly and elogant furniture, but npwii'otten and.sinothercd in dnst. It is about twenty-fivo years. since the houses' wore bcciipiod, and the last tenant was the vestry clerk, who about eighteen years since occu-: pied the house at tlie corner of the street, a largo and spacious one. The property, together with several houses in the same condition on, Snow Hill,! city! belonged thirty years siuco to_ a, gentleman' named 'Atkius6u|'wh6 about that time went abroad,! as it was said, and has. not since boen heard j of. After some, .years,., and many mysterious re-, ports, the property was -taken possession of by two maiden sisters of the missing , man, residing .in: ?Stamford street, and of eccentric, habits. From! some reason, known only to thomsolves, they served notices on tho yvarious tenants of the houses to quit,; and as theyj became empty' refused to lot them aguin, aiid they havo thus fallen .into their present dilapi-i dated state'.' The two sisters mcanwhilo continued) to live together in; a largo .dirty looking hoiiso in Stamford street, and whenever they appeared out of doors presented ii most wretched appearance,, but; wero apparently qnite heedless of tho many strange-; rcportu ciroulated through llio neighborhood.-'- A 'short. time, since one of; tho \ sisters died, and about tho same timo some claimants for the propel ty made; their appearance, stating themsolves to bo sons and; daughters of the long missing brpthor. The surviving ' sister at once repudiated tho claims,, and employed a : man to secure the doors., of tho houses to prevent any' one from gaining aoqoHS to them. ? .Things reuiaiiiod , in a'stuls of suspeuso nutil Tuesday .morning, when soon af tor-daybreak, about twenty men and women, apparently , of the humble classes, , several -of the women having children in thoir arms, iinado thoir appearance in front of, the hoiiso: ut. the corner of Stamford street and]B;laokfriars road; and. afc onco proceeded to1 toko possession by , brooking open tho door. Having obtained ingress, they; at., once bal'ri cadind tho doors and windows and. made every. pre- paration for a regular siege. An immense crowd of. the neighbors and others assembled to witness tho proeeding.s, and loudly cheered the parlies in posses sion as they appeared at the windows. They re tained possession during tho wholo of Tuesday, and up to a lato hour that evening wo attempt had been made to dislodge them. Such an attempt, howovor, is- expected to he made, and. a strong body of polico havo been placed on duty to provont any breach -of tho ponce. Tho' neighbors appear much pleased at tho prospect of an end being put to a circumstanoo which has long been a disgrace and loss to the parish, — The Frees, Jan., 2-A, 