THE ITAGrGrLETONS OH' PI-BASTJB.B BENT. [From Punch.} Toe distinguished Couple are in their Carnage (well, a hired Fly is a Carriage, ask the Tax People whether it isn't), and on their way to Covent Garden Theatre, to hear Mr. Balfe's new Opera, ' The Armourer of Mantes.' Mr. Naggleton — Ah, old lady, we didn't get along so fast as this the last time we were here. Mrs. Naggleton — Are you addressing me ? ' Mr. N.— Why, who else ? Is there a ghost in the carriage, or any other third person singular ? Mrs. N. — I thought you might be speaking to the apple-woman by the lamp-post — you are fond of talking to the lower orders. Perhaps you will draw up the window. Mr. N. (obeying)— I meant, as you know very well, on the Illumination Night. Mrs. N. — If I am to have anything like a pleasant evening, do not revive tlhe recollection of that night.. I wonder that you are not ashamed to do so. Mr. N. — Wonder is a vulgar feeling for so highly genteel a nature as yours, my dear ; especially when there's nothing to wonder at. I am not ashamed at all, do you know P Mrs. N. — Very well ; drop the subject. Mr. N. — Confound your petulance, Maria. I bear a good deal from you, because I can make allowance for your being — for your not being an over-wise woman; but, by Jove, you turn the screw too hard Bometimes. Mrs. N.— Abuse, oath, insult, vulgarity, in a breath. Say what you please to me, Henry, you know I am helpless. Mr. N. — I know nothing of the kind ; and I don't; know anybody who can help herself better. But I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. There ! Mrs. N. — It is too late in life for yon to make a pretence of caring for my feelings, Henry. You never did ; and the affectation is now more painful: than the reality. Does Miss Pyne sing in thia opera? Mr. N. — Yes, splendiferously. Mrs. N. — You have heard it, then ? Mr. N. — Now, how should I hear it ? You know where I have been every night since it came out. Mrs. N. — I know what you have told me of your movements, but a man who is so engaged in business of importance might forget a trifle like going to the Opera. Mr. N.— Do I ever go to the Theatre without you? Mrs. N. — I know not. Your conscience can best answer you. Mr. N. — Now I'll bet a guinea that some of your nuschiet-m a king, gossipping friends have been invent ing some story about me. Out with it. Mrs. N. — Your irritation is strange, supposing that there are no grounds for any accusation. And I have made none. But having attacked me, you are glad of an excuse to turn upon my friends. Mr. N. — A wife's friends should be her husband's. Mrs. N. — Not when a husband chooses — I will not say unworthy ones, but friends of a class to which she has not been accustomed. Mr. N.— That's a cut at the poor 'Flips.' Pm sure one of 'em did you good service on the Illumi nation Night, and got us out of the block, when your genteel Mr. Snotchley sat in the corner as stupid as an owl and as savage as a bear. Mrs. N. — The noise and violence of the lower orders were new to Mr. Snotchley, and produced a natural effect upon him, but he never forgot him self. Mr. N. — No, that's true, he 'remembered nobody else, and walked into the sherry as if it was his own. But that's nothing. I only say that a ' Flip ' was very useful. Mrp. N. — You mean that strange looking person in the^ Scotch bonnet. I was really ashamed of you, letting him lean upon the carriage door, and giving him wine and a cigar. Mr. N. — Woman is incapable of gratitude, we know, but this is monstrous. Didn't he earn the sixpenn'orth of sherry by what he did with the policeman ? Mrs. N. — He was vulgarly familiar with the man, and compromised us all. Mr. N. — Didn't he get the carriage moved, I ask you that ? Mib. N. — I dare say it was just going to move without his interference. Mr. N.— By Jove I We had been at that point for an hour and a quarter, and were told that the people before us had been there for two hours and a half. Mrs. N. — I have begged you not to recal that night. Do you think that I shall ever forget that period of block, and your conduct, before the children, too? Mr. N. — What 'do you mean by conduct? It was a long spell, and I did what I could to amuse you all. Mrs. N. — You must have a strange opinion of me» or of Mr. Snotehley, to think that we could be amused by your exchanging vulgarities with tha police-constables, or telling them that Mr. Snotchley was a wretched pugilist. Mr. N. — Ha! ha ! I said just the reverse. I said he was Tom King, who was inclined to punch all their heads for not making way for us. Why, old Snotchley himself grinned at that, and but for you. and gentility would have humored the joke. Mrs. N. — I will take care how I expose him again to' such coarseness. Mr. N. — Well, as we shan't have another Prince of WaleB's wedding at present, he is tolerably safe. He did not offer to share the price of the carriage, though he started the idea of our having one. accept it. if he had. Mr. N. — I don't know that. Anyhow, he might have tried. Mrs. N. — My dear Henry, your commercial habits prevent your appreciating the subtle delicacy of a true gentleman's nature. Mr. N. — May be so, and it's my misfortune thafc such subtle delicacy looks to me uncommonly like selfish shabbinesB. However, a carriage won't ruin us. Mrs. N. — I was told yesterday that it would. Mr. N.— Who by? Mrs. N. — You mean by whom ? By yourself. To be sure the carriage then spoken of was for your wife's health and pleasure, not for your own amuse ment. Mr. N. — Oh, ah! Yes, when Mother Baltimo had been riling you with the sight of her glarin brougham, and working you up to believing the world would be at an end if you didn't get on wheels. Thaf a another pah? of — another pair of horses. No, my dear Maria, this particularly comfortable and easy going vehicle does quite well for us, and is much better than taking our own carriage to theatres and so on. 'We Fly by night,' as the song says. Mrs. N. — I have heard my uncle say that stinginess and vulgarity were born twins. Mr. N. — And he was an authority upon questions of birth, that excellent and lamented, ace — Mrs. N. (sternly.) Henry! Mr. N. (cowed.) Accession to the'aristocracy of our pedigree. But that does not alter the fact that we do not want any other carriage than that which Mr. Jobhng is kind enough to have ready for us at any hour on demand, at the place inscribed Berkley Mews, which always reads to me like a statement about a cat. ' . Mrs. N. I have no patience with such puerile trash. At your age you might leave off trying to make miserable jokes. Giggling and grey hairs don't go well together. Mr. N. (enraged.) Gtrey hairs yourself — what do yon mean by that, Maria ? I've heard one or two things of that kind from you, and I rather recommend vou to discontinue the series. Mrs. N., (comforted and rewarded.) — My dear Henry, you should never lose your temper, especially when you are going out for an evening's pleasure j but rather be thankful that you are still able to bear the fatigue of coming to the Opera, and that your hearing still enables you to know what is going on. Mr. N., (recovering.) — Overdone, my dear ; over done. A woman should let bad alone. When you show that you mean to wound you break the point of the weapon. Mrs. N. — Did you hear that weapon speeoh when you heard the ' Armourer of Nantes,' dear ? Mr. N. — Very well, Maria. As telling you the truth on all occasions is so repaid, I will be more sparing of it in future. Mrs. N., (laughing.)— My dear Henry, are you going to carry stinginess into every department. Poor me! But here we are. (They are under the portico.) ? tMr. N. (calls to Coachman.) — Go on, can't youP The next door, Mrs. N. — Do not be so violent, dear. He knows his place. The principal door is for carriage people. The side-doors are good enough for cabs and flies. Mr. N. (handing his wife out.) — Take care. Mrs. N. (sweetly.) — O, never mind if I get wet feet. We save expense you know. (They enter.) Mr. N. — Wet feet. You were under cover. Mrs. N. (as they ascend the Grand Staircase.) — All right, dear. And it is very kind of you to come and be bored with a second hearing of the same opera, and I wish you had let me bring Mr. Snotchley instead, as he understands music, and you don't but^ [We leave them entering the crush-room. 