LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. ^ Tire ÏJATB MINISTER VOR ÍMNIJS.-It ia'with Blncert gratification that W0 hVve to wnord a ? well-diVsorye"d wi bute paid lo.'Mr Robertson by the heads of the several departments in the Lands billen, on thu o-casiou of his retirement.' Stkihjin expression of feeling is worthy both of'tho']ato~AIuiister Und his entertainers, und will go far to endorso tho general opinion that amongst thc ex-Ministry, Mr Robertson is regarded ns conspicuous for his integrity of purpose and indefatigable cxertinm ia tho public service. ( . A luncheon was given to Mi Robertson' at 'Choval's Cafb on'Friday, tho 16th inst., Mr Fitzpatrick (Under Soorotary for Lands) in tho chair, sad amongst those assomblcd to do him honor woro Mr A. O. Moriarty (Commissioner of Crown Lands), Mr Pavidsoii (¿Veting . SiirvoyoriGpnoriil), Mr Adams (Deputy Öurvcyor-Gonoral), and .Mr Halloran (Secre- tary to tho Survoy Department). Tho guest of tho morning was Boated on. tho right hand of tim chairman; and tho 'Hon. 33. ll.'Wilson, tho new Minister, on Ibu loft. Expressions of ' cordial csteom for Mr Robertson were reciprocated by that gon'tloman ' commanding tho gentlemen of tho department, to tba favorable notico of )[r Wilsen, and tho most mnicuble fadings prevailed. .'Ibis is as it should be. ¡ We question muoh'whothùr tither thu heroes of tho Malakoff and tho Rodan,:'or tho gentlemen or the Colonial Secretary's office'will have tho clfrontory to nttompt getting, up-h similar, demonstration 10 their lato Chiofs. . . Mr Robertson retires' from ollieo, currying with him tho satisfaction of knowing that, his services hnvo boon npprcaiatcd,'. and t/l]cro nra fow, we opine, but who would rojoico to wolcomo.his return. -','.' TUE Oit.v^OR- ELECTION.*-If roh'uiico, can bo: placed upou tho tolograms rocoivod '.during tho week, it would appear that Cortnin of tho electors of Orango T(not Orangemen, wo hope) have,, sii; far forgotten. thoir solf tcjpcct us to entourage a political pup,-' fresh from tho Cwperian dugs, to con tost tho'ensuing election with Mr Martin. If tho rumour bo true, tho sucking aspirant is obviously noting under parental - control, and conse- quently can scarcely bo held responsible for [such a paltry and vindictive proceeding; " It is , howtiver quito on à picco with tho Pators ju Goliath's.' avowed détermination to apposa »ne», not measure's, on tho' ro-os'sbmbling of 1'arh'atuent-asontimont worthy of tho lato Cabinet, but ono which wo trust will bo scoutod by tho ." .Wiso mon of tho West." . If tho riew Opposition fear, as they hayo erory reason to do, that they will rniiko a vory humiliât» ing show upon tho benches, this course of action may have suggested, itself to " steal a mardi upon tho onomy:" but its indoecnoy is. BO 'glaring that it doseryes to bo do- med through tho length ¿nd breadth of tho land.. .If it proves anything, it goes to show that tho unscrupulous- ness of tho Into Administration when in powar, will still beexorcisod to'ttiiy extremo, rathor than risk a fair stand- up fight in tho constitutional, arena.:.. .MENnof Orange, do not bi» hood-winked by such a transparent manouvré. The highest compliment that coujd hove boon poid you 11 that your late distinguished representativo has been called to tho holm of tho Stato ; und should you'bo so ihort-sighted as tb reject bim, you will simply stultify yourselves. - r :',''.. LATEST .. <BuBÇXiOKSBBiNCr " RUMOURS;'-That' ' Mr Citarles Cowpor, «Tun., loft town last ovening for Orango, loopposo Mr Martin ; and that Mr F.-'Cooper has sont in lits resignation as Sub-Gold Commissioner, with tho intention of opposing Mr WÜBon for the Southom Gold Fields. ' Â SlrsTEBY IÎT WOOLLOOMOOLOO.-Tho following (prima facie) extraordinary facts liavo boon related to us onthoniost undoubted authority. Soma four or five trrek'3 ago a young, woman of prepossessing appearance, ind handsomely droBBod, waited ? on tho landlord of a tomo not n hundred miles: from Woolloomooloo-stroet, and engaged it from him at a weekly rent. ' She took possession, a van arrived-with furnituro, and nothing more occurred till'ut tho expiry of o wook, tho landlord presenting himself with his "littlo bill;'-' found tho doors dosed, and no answer to his frequent " rat tuts." Sup- posing tho fair " incognita" WOB out, ho retired, and pre Knling himself on tho following ."Monday, proeisoly tho «mo profitless result awaited him. Not exactly ad iniring this sot'uenhat . cavalior niodo of ; "settling mounts," ho posted Iiis full claim on tho door, with a sotico to quit, und retirod in"" soft confusion." . Monday arno round o gain' with its usual, punctuality;' and so did the visitor, who was knocked " all pf a heap" by finding Us notice still sticking ' to tho door, and tho-tenement itill presenting tho same undisturbed, appearance Ito »Iring not to bo " done," ho Blipped a noto under tho itreet door, and repeated tho performance on tho follow- ing week, -when, tho stotp of alfairs > was ' precisely tho 'imo._Suspecting, -WÍLtW-.1><>TO<»--4«grvo-of . rcruun,-tlnof tare "was a "'screw looso" somewhere, ho ros'olved to Vep both oyes open, mid kept close watch on tho mys Irious mansion,' but" failed,: 'either by night br day,, tb {¡an anything tlmt could throw a light on'thc mystery -not a soul boiu^ soóii in connection with tho building, ?tlicr going in or out, and tho neighbours being equally, nublo to furnish any oluo. ' At length, having consulted nth tho police, ho determinad to eïfeofc un entronco, and' rsi being accomplished, lie was rather startled from his propriety by finding his lottora.Iying .unopened just whero kind pushed thom.' Holli's Bon, and tho"bobbie's," . Siring loft an inquisitivo crowd outside,, proceeded;to («ploro the intorior," and at tho ond of à quarter' bf an Mr ho reappeared, and with it foco'full bf. wo'ndormont -«.ceded to inform* tho bystanders that; he had found . 3 tho rooms onipty but ono, and that was'furnished, in ie most costly manner' and, inorcovor, that.he had Boen w or six women's dresses of tho .most magnificent do- i tiption. At Üii» juncture,* tho. polioom'ahMiurriodly ffroaching, Btornly ordered him not to utter ono word «to what Ae had seeii inside. ? ' On;this tliöy albirbtirod, ating tho crowd, liko .Tuliot, vory much "unsatisfied," or te a sensation loving subscriber to "Reynold's Miscel ur," who, at sonto exciting stago of .o romaneo, jflnds , shas got to wait a month for its " continuation i in oin'. nt." Wo havo told tho talo as it was told to us, 'and iire tho mat tor reata, oxcopt thiit on "tho following arning tho notico was still on tho door, and the house ill presented tho sumo aspect, and that in tho afternoon * notico was gone, and tho mansion " of - mystory »lcd moro "comino il faut." Wo would recommend i talo of horror to tho notice of D. O. Dalgleish as oibly containing tho elements of a sonaation novol of 'at greater interest than his .first great " chef d' couvre" \Senlley\s Miscellany, for which toe owe him so much. ÜTK3T iKTELLiOBfiCB.-A dirty littlo boy from over may, has just rushed into 'our audionoo suloon ond inned us, after receiving^ on ordor on our treasuror lonocoppor tokon, that tho mysterious lady is none ter than tho Ghost of Angela from tho Castle Spectre ; Iwo do not bcliero it. . We hnvo no doubt that sho is Ivory uiuoh bettor than BIIO'should be, but whether ¡bo a Ghost, or whether she bb not a Ghost, we have i tho Ghost of an idea. Poon TOM GAKHETT, ; M.*P.-"Virtuo ought not to go rewarded, and honest labour is worthy of its hire, amen who govorn/oxpeot to bo BOrvod faithfully and Jously, when thoy rosorvo thoir favours for thoir wnents ? Why do wo labour exocpt in tho hopo [teing recompensad ? Why did Tom Garrott, session tr session act as whipper-in for tho lato government ? fy did ho canvass morabers for their votes ? AVhy did tush about tho refreshment room, the Btnoking room, i lobbies to bring members into tho Chamber when edirision bell rang ? Sotno people may conclude ho Ivn'ii out of pure lovo foe tho principles tho Ministers ro supposed to embody or roprosent. Thoso who so .ot aro verdant minded, and know nothing about ?'tics or lifo. Tom Garrett worked BO hard for a «minent situation. He nspirod at ono limo to tho wmanslup of Committees, and if Mr Wisdom hod ra raised to the chair, it is not improbable Mr Cowper {W have proposed Tom to fill his pince. Now, hore aro iltimstcrs out>of place, and poor Tom unprovided for. ill may he bewail the inconstancy of mon, mid resolve 'ir again to trust tho.word of a Minister. Well might .tho day tho Cabinet announced thoir resignation, « with bitterness of tho conduct of Mr Allon, who wa oir with Mr Closo, and then voted against tho J'entnicnt upon tho original resolution. Ho had good .»to bo nngry mid excited, for I hear ho has no in- st tu the Illawarra Mercury, mid tho Ministry had. nothing for him. Charles Cowpor ! novor again "« to bo so sorved by any follower as by Tom Garrott! «Ihave forgotten to rowurd lu's fldolity, nnd therefore i not deserve, suoh nttaohmont ns ho displayed. My . t *t for your fall is tomporod by tho knowledge that : ilisvo been ungrateful to Tom, who deserved some Wiition for his devotion to your intorosts. Tho truo *f is-to fight your onomioa and roword your j nis-you have conciliated your enemies and neglected "frinmls-proof Hint you'nro timid by nature. 1 'oyou to your own sail rodeetionn, and will say no " »bout 'Tom, whoso fate will hereoftor '* point a "jl »nd ndom a tale."-Sydney Correspondent Western I»*CtTVWitfiv"v:ATTr,T3 "TfoTEtu-Wo nro glort to find j 1 Messrs McGrath and Punch, the Champion oars '»tio hav.otaknn llieso spacious promises aro oven ' 'Mailling to reap .tho ndvniitniî", so justly their duo ; *j hands ofilia'Mercantile ami Sporting Community, 'lanioheon Uoojris aro daily thronged tty gentlemen » really know what good living oolnbincd with «my is ¡ and when wo nih! that, tho arrangements 'at department aro under tho superintendence of Mr "iuco tho \ " '-uowii caterer, thev are bound to do »cellenf ' A NBOATIVE VIBTDH.-"From English pnpora wo leam that sonia '. regidor goniua" has sugguiti-d tho idea of preserving tho " negative pistes" of photographs of dis- tinguished men. Tho plates to bo properly uttested as to identity, registered, and then, handed, fur eiifo keep inf», to I ho Mayors or other local authorities, by whom they ure to bo transmitted (by the fir.it opportunity) to posterity. On reading this very sensible suggestion it struok us, that but for thu "sevoro accident" which re- cently befell our poor dear Churles, wc would have culled his attention to this mm-no idea, and urged him by all means, to adopt it as tho basis of a new Department of tho Public Service. Whnt a fine opening for tho crea- tion of nuw "patronage" would have been ttllbrded by tho establishing of "Tho Negative Photographic Plato Registry Office," 'with ah imposing statf of liogistrnrs, Deputy-Registrars; 'Examiners of Likenesses," Acount unts, . Ol cr ks, Messengers," .Honaulceopcrs,' and "Huer boys!" Hut, -.nias,' tho idea cannot uoio bo realized. Old " billets" will become scarce, and Mern ones npoehry phal. ." There's u change in thu things wo lovo, deur Charles," tho Bigns of tho times aro nltórod, und tho " negatives" of our "great and good men" must visit posterity at their own ex-Spenre. What a pity I "WHAT DID KB "no IN «is CKAHIÏKP"-;Suoh was tho sagacious,question put to Mr Allon, on Tuesday, bya legislativo wisouoro, as tho " light of Sussex-street" Was brilliantly burning'with admiration and delight, at the idea Of.having a protectionist Premier. Mr Allen, who appeared «omowhiit pOs'od by tho query, ofter a little profound meditation, replied, "T donut exactly twig the drift of tho hon. member's question ; but as tho hon. member is, like mysolf, a family man', I presume he can give a shrewd guess, that tho lion, and learned head 01 tho Government did "in hts eradlo" what most young gentlómon of under ago do-wet Iiis napkin ! Tho House loot its gravity, nnd it was. some minutos belbro tliat valuable article was found. , , Tm; LATE PHIZK FIOUT AT-Mro'aEE ME £200. Owing to tho unsatisfactory termination bf tho lato fight, and tho determination of tba stakulioldornot .to. purt with tho money until something :moro dofinito took place, tho combatants Hold a meeting for tl(o purposo ol arranging for another sot-to. lt is próbablo that thc óvont would have tùkon pluou in the course of a month, had not Ned White como to grioiV Tho'lovers of tho noble art will now havo to wait until White' lias' com- pleted his six months, work of stone, breaking ' foi* tho ?'repairs of tho highways oí tho Municipality.' ..'"?' -: ADVANCE .AUSTBAIXA. !-WO heard tho pthor'day "a pleasant ; story of two clover specimens of "Young Australia," who wore engaged in discussing politics and tobacco and,seriously contemplating tho regenerationjbf tho country. " I say Tommy," said tho younger (patting his friend smart-Xy on thobnek " by way of encourage- ment") . ". wbuld'nt it bo a lark.if.you was tresherer and mo .odrtbr-Gcnorul-wouldn't wo' do it up brown, that's all." Tho young gontlomuu thus apostrophized, looked steadily/-at. his .companion,' and, ropliod " I amt quito a-towra as it wquld bo a' lark for mo, lor it strikes mo'tliat I aint a mutoh.for.8uoh a.ínoer ohap'áá you."- ' Thórrihoa boon a refreshing coolness betWoon tho lads byer since the dilferonca being that tho. .youngster has' caught tho " lark," and his senior has netted1 nothing but a "'lin ,net" l.¡-..... ' ,.;:,-v-?~ .. . . ',' 1. "' " THE .'BttAlDWOOD NEWS,"-Wo shall- esteony 'it a favour if,, when next, our contemporary sholl: honour us by extracting a column of our I'Bushranging" or .othot original gems, ho will have tho courtosy to 'ACKNOW "OEDOE.tho same. Vide braidwood Xfeuis, Oct: 20th. ' ' 