THE SPBCTßB.fj?;51^^.010'1 (From Blackwoods Edinburgh Nagatln *,) " HOLT MotfiejH^he J3or¿g_4i.Milaggio !-- ex, "cIaimeä~Domenico, whose mother was an Erjg'islt woman, and who understood suffic'en' of what had besn said to know what place was referred to. "It is the worstp'aee we could choose; for it has such a bad character that even the neighboar ng peasants avoid i'. It is a'so on the mule track to JVJodena through the hills, and the inn there is frequented by mu'oteere, a set oi ruffians, contra bondieri, and b 'Hditti." " Contrabandieri or not," I said to Beaton aside, "this is jus', the place for us ; a revolutionist in Leghurn gave me a message to a friend of his who ia in hiding io M laggi"), and also a signal and a pass-word, whioh will be likely lo set tis all right with the landlord." So down we went to the Borgo, whioh was really as carious an old place as one could well find m a week's ride among the Apennines. Ihe inn, which had.no sign, but to which we were directed by an extremely astonished old woman, had evidently in former times been the house, palace, or castle of some territorial magnate ; for it had Borne of the characteristics of all three such build- ings. A broken archway brought us into a court- yard, where a number of males were littered under a rude protection of beams and tarf. From one side of this courtyard there opened a large hall or kitchen, in which all the cooking and eating of the inn appeared to be done, and where there were, besides the usual inmates, about a dozen muleteer?, wild enough looking fellows, drinking wine and singing songs. The kitchen had a room above it, and one on each aide ; bat the other habitab'e rooms of the house were some distance off, atsd had to be reached by passing through a long piece of open ground, ha'f vineyard, half garden. We did not ourselves enter at first, but sent Domenico in to reconnoitre, and to bring out the landlady or landlord. He came back with a thick set, sinister looluDg man, who gave us an unsatisfactory welcome, and a handsome counry girl, swearing wooden shoes, and a thick veil thrown back over her shoulders, who expressed astonishment and pleasure at finding a lady in our party. It,was only after considerable demur that the host, ¡ as ." vee supposed him to be, con- fessed that he had a large room, with a smaller chamber, beyond the; garden, both of which we might have to ourselves. At first he declared that ne had no place to receive us in except the kitchen ; but the girl mentioned the unoccupied rooms, and, with;some difficulty, prevai'ed on him to take us' to¡. them. " Pat'on my veil, Signorina as we pas3 through the court," she said, «' and | stoop like an old woman, that I may tell these rough fellows inside that you are my grand-aunt." T\he room, which we carne to might once have been occupied bynoblo lords and ladies gay ; but where the p'as'er was not broken, it was beginning to crumble/ or'was covered with mould; the case- ments were nearly innocent of glass ; black cob- webs adorned the corners of the ceiling, and thick "duet, as'of a century at least, lay over the few broken articles of furniture. " Cielo !'' I heard Domenico murmur. " What would the Signora say to"this~were she here ?" Two or three oil ligbte, however, a cheerful wood fire, and a flask of ruddy wine, threw considerable comfort into the situation j ¡ and our attendant, 'Ricbetta, bustled; about with friend y z'al, exclaiming to Miss Os- borne-" Cuor mio ! What happy otíance brought the beautiful bird to our house ? A Signorina ! and an English one too 1 Who ever heard of such a thing before ? Fear not, Fores* ieri ; I will take care of yon. They are rude people down stairs ; and that Zio mío is no good man ; bnt my father is honest, and he will be back to night." She evon brought us the better clothes of her father and brother, to replace our wet garments, and per- suaded Flprence togo into the inner chamber, and emerge a more, charming contadina ¿han the old house had ever seen before. After supper, I thought I would drop into^the kitchen, in easel should be de trop where I'was ; and my dress by this time was sufficiently nondescript to suit any character likely to be known in those parts. I am not easily surprised, but what I beheld on entering did aston- ish me for once. It was not a very frightful sight ; the landlord «was not being held seated on the fire, and the face of ' Ricbetta was smiling enough ; but there, visibly before me, raised on end(Jwttli a great s'out muleteer sit'iog upon it, was a solid leather portmanteau, with " F. Deilmacare, Esq.," printed on it in bliçk letters. There could be¿no mistake. The other portmanteaus (German leather) were mere dust and ashes. This was the one whioh contained my manuscripts and other valuables. The first impulse I felt was to knock the ruffian off into the fire, and there and then lay peremptory claim ; but a second glance at him induced me to adopt a policy of reserve. Apparently a Roman by his speech, and two-thirds drunk, lie was one of those Italians who are the most difficult of all to deal with. Large, rud y, jocular, coarse, he was likely to combine some- thing of the unscrupulousness of a Neapolitan, with the canning of a Bolognoae ; and it was evident that lie had some special interest in that portmanteau. He sat upon it as a chi'd would upon a dog, patted it, spoke to it, and, altogether, seemed to have a sense of property in it, heigh tened by a conviction that his possession was not altogether of a legitimate kind. "Excellenza I" be wou'd ' say,' clapping it affectionately after being softened by another gulp of wine, " it is to Livorno you want to go I Yes 1 to Lirorno, Liv* iv vorno." And as the word showed an inclin ation to dwell indefinitely in his throa', he recovered his dignity by giving the portmanteau a sudden kick, and growling, " Brigand ! who saved thy life among the snow?" Clearly that case of solid leather was nos to be rashly medd ed with, so I dropped down beside one of the quietest of the muleteers, who was sitting a little apar', and proceeded to smoke. Noticing my pipe, this man sudden'y said, in a strong local accent, " hin' sie ti' Doutscbo,' mein Herr?" "Ein student," I replied ambiguously, recognising the patois of the Canton Graubunden, where bad German and wtrse Italian are bo'h spoken. TIHB was a great recommendation to the honest Swiss, who did not seem much at home with his companions, and had a vague reverence for students in gene al. He drank wine with me, told me much, of his history, which ¡B.not worth repeating here, and fina IT, as he warmed, informed me that his friends were ostensibly muleteers, principally smugglers, and not much better than robber?. Seeing us drinking together, the scoundrel on the portmanteau ins sted that I should treat the whole party with wine ; but the Swiss said to me in German, which none of the others seemed to understand, *' Say tbatjyou bavo no money-no more than will 'pay for ¡your bed and what you have go', or thoa fellows wjll be. at you in the night, and tbey are not afraid of the Polieei." Of course I took bis binti And the Roman, aggravated by such unprincipled impecunioaity, began to talk loudly and loosely of the party which had come to the inn that night. Unfortunately ' Ricbetta, in her anxiety to turn his inquiries, involved herBelf in so many contradictions that a more stolid ruffian than this would oas'ly have dotectcd them, and seen there was same cause for con- cealment. After reflecting a moment, a bright 'dea seemed to strike bim. f Isppfpg hf» ihkk I leg, and eiclaimíng '* I OavaJIf I" ha rose and moved with unsteady step towards tbe door, evidently- with-thB-intentiDn of"gaimng iorñe in. formation as to the strangers from .their horses and saddles. This was what I wanted to prevent ia bia then drunken mood ;so behn, he left the room I tried the experiment of seating myself upon the portmanteau which he bad left, and of curiously examining the lock, which seemed uninjured. On seeing this he turned back with a f»rooiout oa h . bat, restraining himself, more politely asked me to rise, and, so to speak, co'laring the portmanteau as if it hid been an offending child, bore i' away towai ds the shed where thereat of tbe luggage waa piled up. " 1 hat seems a valuable art'ele," I said. " Ei si, sign >r !" was the reply, with drunken cunning twinkling an his eyes. " Wa mule'eers have many valuable articles committed to our charge. We take care of them, never fear. But," ge t'ng more communicative', '. this is my trunk, my property, and honest y come by too, for did I not pick it up in eome me'ting snow at Brixen, near the Lago di~ Garda ? It must have belonged to some Milord Inglese. Who knows bnt it may be half full of scueli 1 Yes, of scatii," he said angri'y, as if driving away same' unpleasant doubt ; " lor the wise mo ber said that my good fortune Wou'd'tegln atBrixen and be completed atlivorno, so I have not opened it yet." «« But the owner ? you might have found him, and be would have rewarded you hand omelj ; that is to say, given you something," I hastily added, as the possibility of having to make good the words occurred t> my mind. " The owner I" he ex- claimed, with great wrath. " Lis'en; signor 1 '1 here is no owner but myself. Do the owners of portmanteaus leave them down in snow heaps at tne bottom of ravines ? Am I to risk my neck, and nearly break my back carrying it up a precipice, and then to be talked to about the owner? I tell you this is mine ; this is the grand fortune which the wise mother to'd mo was to commence at Brixen and end " at Livorno ; and if it contains nothing of value when it is opened, I shall bum everything it contains, and never give the old she-devil a baiocco more." * * On returning to Benton and his lair cousin I give a favourable re, ort of.the aspect of affairs ; but, when arrangements wera being made for the night, 'Bichetta signalled that she wished to Bpeak wi h me in the garden. Tbe Roman, it Beemed, had risen from his drunken a'eep in an irritable frame of mind, and sbe'had werhenfd hinf'and sorrîe of his companions planning an inroad on the strange visitors after the people of the inn bad gone to sleep. " You are English and you are honorable," she continued, "and will.keep it a secret if I show where you may rest for the night undisturbed. Would that my father were come ! for I do not know that I am doing right. But che fore ? something must be done ; for I wou'd not have the beautiful signorina evan frightened. There are some other rooms where you -will be safe, for no one knows of them except ourselves and-a friend I demand, signore, that you never mention them to any one. This promise Was easily given, and the young girl took us to another couple of apart- ments, the entrance io which was elaborately con- cealed. + *. * Miss Osborne" retired to sleep on an old couoh in one of the apartments, whi'e Benton and I disposed ourselves upon blankets in the other. -He soon- fell asleep ; but notwith- standing fatigue, that portmanteau kept me awake. Could it not be abstracted from the custody of the man v, ho claimed it'ashis property, and concealed among the ruins till somo moro favourab'e oppor- tunity offered of carrying it off? There were corners enough about where ihings might lie undisturbeä far "years ; 'and much meditating over this question, I gently vent out into the court- yard without d sturbing my companion. The rain and clouds had passed away, leaving a night serenely beautiful; and tbe,half-moon, without as yet throwing its rays into the court, silvered the broken stones and sparkled on the wet leaves which were' theT outline above. There waa however, sufficient light to _s.ee that a wooden gallery ran above the rooms which we occupied. I had .no difficulty in getting Alp to itpand, when once there, a broken segment*of wall 'enabled me to mount on the top' of the ruin overlooking the garden and. the rooms' occupied by the family and the muleteers. _ At first further' progress seemed impossible, so thick were the creepers, BO steep the descent; and matters lay'so at the top that it would bave lequired a o'ose search for any one mounting from beneath, to discover the gap in the roof through which I had risen. Howaver, after some trouble and a few scratches, I managed to reach the limb of a large old chesnnt tree, and'so to descend into the garden. If I waa .discovered, there, could be no great harm in it, so I went to l examine "the^Bhed in the ou'er courtyard, when,the Roman and a portion of the muleteers had gone to sleep. There | were the mules, there was the luggage, and there even was my~cortmantêâu,~ and I could perceive a round indenta ion made beside it in a heap of sacke by the portly figure of the Roman. But, to my surprise, the Roman himself was not there, neither were any other,of the muleteers. Possibly tbey might all be stowed away in the kitchen ana adjoining rooms, but of this I cou'd not feel cer- tain, though it was evident, in the stillness of the night, even through the closed .door, that a number of persons ware sleeping inside. Here was a great temptation. But then it is a nasty thing to be discovered stealing even your own portmanteau. * * * The conviction to whioh, I came was, that it would be better to leave.it alone ; but then men do not a'ways aot according to their con viotions, and I found myself carrying it a « ay, and concea ing it in a gap in the ruin near the ches nut tree. This had scarcely been done, and I had just mounted into the tree,- when two men, the Roman and 'iychetla'8 uncle, crossed the (toon-light "from different'directions' and stood in the shade beneath,. " go;¡the Forestier! are not there," said the latter, in a low tone. " If I dared to make 'Richet'a speak'! bat no, ourses upon her; if my bro'her found me meddling in the matter I should have to starve somewhere put of Mi aggio and the LnccheseJiills.o They mr at ha hid some' where, and this ia a curious old place ; but if yon gave me a hundred duca's t could" noir tell you* ' where, and I dare not, if I,could., And, besides, have you never heard, of the bloody ghost of Count Guilio'that>fiaunts'this old placé? He leapt over ¡the terrace there out'on io'the stones in the river be'ow." Pcoplo do say that if, you' see him you are sure]t'o m'eet'.a violent death. ' ti shtuld not stand here just-now were'it.not moonlight, and so many of you about-Jesui-whak ia that?" Tbe Roman, who'was*tiiot",wa0tng.inl8np'erstitious fear, was affected'by the' s'ory,' and was startled, as well as his companion,"by'a'slight mivement of mina among the branches'; but ' e"was a determined sort j of fellow, an i after, lis'eáing some time) without hearing anything .moro, he said, " Look boro, Nicolo ! it is not a ghost I am afraid of when warm fl-shand blood tempt mo No harm will como of it, t swear by the 'mother of Christ ; but I never desired anything so mach as, just for a moment, to press the red lips of one of those' English ladies. Understand, it is a fancy of mine, and it never burned in mt) so much as [How, The others want io frighten the Inglesi into givipg na » lot of monty, and that is all very well ; but pee if in the confusion I don't manage to Épa'cb,a bias I , It will «-do no barm, »nd, may make tbem pay dpwn*td,l (he reedier, 0There will, be noise er ough, and you and .'Ricbetta part come then and see no mischief is done. . I would not try this were old Matteo here-he koows too mucb, and yet is a good man with both the dogana and the police ; but you, you snivelling hound ! Pro seen ycu put your hand to a blacker job thin this, which, after nil, is only a joke; and 1 bhould lik to know who are the men in Milaggio, always excepting ^our brother, who won'd hear or see anything, if we searched (he place all to-n'glit and all to-morrow-if we drew the necks of these two young cocks and carried off ho girl into the moun tains. 1 think I know a place between this atd Bologna where f-he would be reef ived without any questions asked. I 'eil you, jou had be ter let me have my way, or worse may come of it. I saw the lady, and, bj-, 1 BhaH see her again. 1 know well what that spy with his German talk came to ?the kitchen for. Ile wanttd to know what wo ? wera after ; but I WUB too much for bim. Ile thought I was "drubk fi>r he eight-drunk be ?-! 1 have some wine in my bl. od, but not a drop in my head. Now, * iccolo 1 if you are n< t to tell me, how about Maria? isn't her brother still elite ?" '? So help me God," sai'd Niccolo, in a low tremUing voice, '* I ki ow no more whore they are than you do. I have always thought there mus be some p'aco of h"dir g up tbero, but I never dare gn up at night for fear of tho Bloody Ghos', and never during the day lest I si ould be seen, for Matteohas looked vrry black on mo ever since-ever since«-"an i here the wretch seemed to grasp for breath. '' He has as much as said that his mother's memory would not save me if his sus^ici nß were coofitmed, and has t <ld me to beware of meddling wi h mat'ers in which I hat e no concern.'' "Come now!" said the head rau'eteer, " a joke's a joke; but you carried it too far, they do suspect. No more of thit croaking. But there is something in what you say. I shan dn't wonder if there be some nice little nest up there, and this tree seems just the way up. Per Bacee 1 it is worth frying, and I Bhall bring my own comrades. Let i he others s'eep, and don't you think I shall ever be such a villain as yourse f !" Of coarse no time was lost in returning to Benton, awakening him and briefly communica ing the 6ubstai.ee of what I had heard. It at onceocenrred to both of us that the best way would be to escape in'o the garden, and from thence further if possible, «hilo the ruffians were examining the top of the ruin ; but the entrance proved to be so secure as to defy our tfforts to'open it. ,. The next idea was to throw ourselves upon ,ihe pro'ecion offßichetta, of the sleep1 Dg mu'o'eers, and of the people of the vii age ; but from the noise we neara it appeared that the Roman and his companions were already searching above ; BO WO had no means of com- munication, and, moreover, I did not feel at all certain as to the safety of this course after what I had heard, and Benton bad no confidence in it, though I did not communicate everything to him. There was some chance that, if w'e kept quiet, our place of concealment might not be discovered ; for, from the parts of the ru'n which were easily accessible, lhere was no appearance or indication of the interior apartments. But we felt unwilling to remain in the rooms in which we had begun to sleep, because, if discovered in them, we shon d be altogether hemmed in, and have no means of escaping, even for a short distance, whi e our cries for assistance would probaoly be unheard. Renee we moved to another position, whioh promised better in case of disoovery, and was even better also as a hiding place. At each end pf the gal'ery which I have already mentioned, there was a kind of recess, and one of these, opposite to that end at which parties could come down, was so formed by stones and earth, and conceited by bushes, as to afford some concealment.J Ass.hting Miss Osborne up from the court beneath to the gallery, we placed ourselves in this recess, hav'mg forgot in thohurry to extinguish a light which burned in her room below. For a minute or two ,we saw( no bing of those who were searching for us ;, but Ecco I ccco I" was soon uttered io a low eager voice, and, looking up, we beheld the dark figure of,a man standing on the opposite wall againstjtha sky, and point- ing down to the gallery, on a portion of which the moonlight fell. Evidently our retreat waa in danger of discovery ; for, immediately after, a number of other wild figures stc d beside him, and I took the hand of our fair companion ia mine ; but though the circulation beat high there was no perceptible tremor. The Roman, who was the first te reach the gallery or balcony, perceived the light below, and beokoned back his companions, whispering, " If they are there, .we may each them like birdd in a net, but if frightened they may fly away.'' Proceeding to reconnoitre quütly he seated himself OB the rail of, the gallery, and was about to croas his legs over it in order to descend, with a grin upon his face, .which I fe t made Benton's ,blood boil. My attention was arrested by tho villainous.c.untonanco, which was illumina'ed by tbe moon, whcql felt the soft hand whibh Ï held sudden'y c'oao upon mine with the star led grasp of sudden and extreme terror. ,Tbe cause was not far to seek. There, just emerged in'o the moonlight that shone upon, the balcony, was a figure so strange, so wild, with such a pale, ghastly Lee streaked with blood, that it waa im- possible not to be ¡eve the Bloody Ghost was be- fore me. With eyes that gleamed and yet seemed to' see not, with outstretched arm, and slow serpen'ino motion, it advanced upon the Roman, who, the moment he saw it beside him, almost touching bim, uttered a yell of terrible horror, and threw himself backward in'o the court below, where his massive frame fell wilh a .dull, heavy orash, and lay motionless as in instant death. Wi'h low cries of mortal dread the other terrified muleteers fled np the ruins and disap peared ; but the strange figure seemed,, uncon- scious of anything having happened, and continued to move towards us, uttering, in a lpw voice of sweet but melancholy cadeneo, " O patria 1 pitria mia 1 I alia ! Italia ! Tu eui--'' MÍSB Osborne trembled violently as the figure drew near, but a sadden flash of thought enabled me to understand it all. Leaping out from our hiding place, I placed my hand on the shoulder of the revolutionist, and said, " Stefani-"" At that moment another personage appeared on'the scene, in the shape of a grave, elderly man, in a,peasant's dress, but of a superior demeanour, who looked much d scon cortod, and behind whom came 'Bichette, wring- ing her hands, and much .terrified,, both having passed through a concealed door in < the recess on' the other Bide. " Signor Matteo," I said, making a certain gesture, /' let me drink to you in a cup of red wine., u I--inLivorno fold rae I should meet our friend Stefani here, but I did not expect to find him so ill. He has just saved un, however from gteat peril, having been1 mistaken by that dread ruffian down there, for the ghost cf Count Giulio." ' "Christ have meroy on his BOUI !" enid tho girl, starting to the side of the gallory and looking over. " Cosa terriblo ! and the bigoo rino?" a question which was unsttored by the ap- pearance of Benton and his cousin. " Pardon mc, Signorina and Sigaori Ingleai," eaid the old man, uncovering, aod not without a'ee'riiiplfor> mal dignity, - " nothing of this would -have hap* perjfd hod I been here when you ar;$ved, ,%-Day- light will break in an hour, apd unless you ira too fatigued, I sholl then myself accompany you to the Bagni, Meanwhile you may rest quite secure in the rooms' which my daughter tells me you first occupied while I look after my patient here, anl eee ii tbe man below is really dead." In assisting the host to lead Ftefini, who offered no resistance, back to bed, and in administering s une simple remedies, I learned that the révolu ionist had been suff-ring much from fever, which had latterly be- come slightly delirious, and that the room in which he was concealed opened upon the balcony where he tetrified the muleteers. Leaving 'Richetta to bathe the forehead of this unfortunate gentleman, we descended to examine the Roman, and found that individual still alive, but insensible, Heeding at the nose, and breathing stertorously. He seemed to suffer from slight concussion of the brain ; and the bleeding probably saved his life, for he did recover, after lying insensible for many hours. It m ed scarcely be eaîd that the first dawn of day saw na starting for the Bagni di Lucca under the escort of Matteo, and with many cautions and blessings from the kind-hearted 'Ricbetta. Tbe frightened muleteers offered no annoyance, and iheir boat could get none of those who had beheld Stefani to carry out their com- panion. Some of the otho s did eo, but not with- out fear and trembling. I told Mat eo about the pott manteau, showing him where it was concealed, and he promised to send it to me after the mule tccrs had left. This promise was kept, and the Roman, I then learned, coupled the disappear- ance of 1rs piece of good luck wi h the appearance of the Bloody Ghost. He expressed an unalter- able opinion that the solid leather was also a supernatural and diabolical apparition which had been sent for his special injury, though it had been lost in the upset of a waggon crossing the Alps. Thus it was that Benton won his bride, and thus my portmanteau was restored to mo by the Spectre of Milaggio. 