TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. . {Brom the Herald and Empire.) < GOllLliüKN. - Friday, 8 p m.-An inqueit was hold to-day on the body o' Charles Jacobs, who died in a fit of delirium trcmens. The verdict given by the jury ,was visitation of God. « . , ,ORANDR. Friday, 7 30 p m -A large number of influential electors are canvassing through the district lor Mr. Martin-Mr Martin was heard at all his meetings with very great attention. ' His return by a large majority is considered certain. ' EORBRtí" Friday. 6 p.m.-It Is reported that Gilbert's gang were seen in this district yesterday morning by the driver of the coach, and that they have separated; Gilbert and Vane going by them- selves, and Ben Hall and O'Meally nearly an opposite direction. -There is a great flood -on the Lachlan, the river being near bank high. ,t KUMA. Friday, 0 p.m.-At ton o'clock lost night the house of Mr. Gordon, ut Jamberoo, was burned to the ground. Mr. Gordon hart been out at a party, and when lie returned he found lils house destroud, and a little girl named Bradley; ten years of og , burni'd to cinders Au inquest is to be held on the remains of the child.-A man who has not yet been identified fell off hi« cart at Dapto, and his brains were kicked out by the horse. -The police have apprehended a man oalllng himself William Manchcll, on suspicion of being John Reilly, tor whom the Government offered a reward or £25, he having escaped trom llerrirna gaol. 5 YOUNG. Friday, noon.-A meeting of the 'supporters of Dr. Wilson« Minister, for Lands, was held yesterday. A committee was formed for securing his election-A pub ic meeting of elec- tors Is called for Saturday, by Mr. Cooper The non acceptance of his resignation as sub-gold commls»ionor is generally thought to have completely annihilated any chance ol' sucoess he may have In this electorate \ i Saturday, 10 p.m- A large meeting of Dr. "Wllson'B friends was held to-night ; his return is considered certain. Mr. Cooper leaves for Adelong on Monday.-Mr. Cooper held n meeting' to-day-about two hundred persons were present. An amend- ment that he was not a fit and proper person was carried, only three hands being held up in favour of him. A torch- light demonstration, ia favour of Wilson, comeB off to-night. HKIaHANIS. j Friday, B p.m -The schooner Vixen, which left Sydney on the 8th Instant, has arrived. Q KKSSOL1FFB. I ~ Friday, 7 p.m.-The Vanguard, ship, from Liverpool, with two hundred passengers, ran aground on the sands off Queens- cliffe early this morning. H. M. schooner Empire, and the steamer Hercules, have gone to her assistance. It will be ne- cessary to discharge a portion of her cargo before she can be got off. All her passengers are safe. Her royal and topgallant yards were sent down. MKI.BltURNIC. I Friday, 7 p.m.-A promising discovery rf R gold field,~a|¡ Raywood, near Bendigo, has led to a considerable number o* claim« being taken up.-Ata meeting of the Intercolonial Cricket Match Committee, last night, a letter from the Sydney association was read having reference to the match for this sea- son. There was nothing decided aboutit- The Victorian com- mittee cxpre- sed regret at the misunderstanding that occurred last year, and disowned all conncctioi with the origin of the dis- pute -The Esther cleared for S'dney with the bulk of her original cargo trom Charente-'/ne barque AntipodeB, bound ior Sydney, 103 days out. passed Cope Otway nt eleven a m. ?Weather, cold and squally.-It is reported that Parliament will meet for bu»lncss in November. Saturday, 7 p.m -It is said that the Ministerial new Land Bill will pruville Iori, aslnc all runs hy auction-Last night was very stormy, hut the Vimguard, from Liverpool, which ran ashoreoU Queenscliff, got off this morning-The wceklcloses with Vuslntss sttacty-The Spriug Horticultural Show was held to day, bnt was inferior to any held during the past five or t\i years. 'I'M* is owing to the season, which has been pe culiirly unpropiliouB for fruits and flowers. The Governor, Laty Darling, and family were present. There was also a fair attendance ol the public ADELAIDE. ' /, Friday, 7 p ra.-Parliament has resolved to continue the qpl icctlon of duties for New South Wales, and correspondence is reopened with Victoria on the subject ol border duties It is announced that the Legislative Council is favourable to the spirit of the resolutions passed by the Assembly on this subject -Me«srs Townsend and Co sold the greater portion ol the cargo ol the Thomas Brown. Sago sold for 3|d. per lb. Seed oil, Cs Gd. per gallon,-Council or Goode is tile favourite can- didate tar the mayoralty of the city or Adelaide. Mr. English did notcome forward for re-election-Tile Legislative Assem- bly has adjourned till 10th November,-At the Theatre, the Ghost was a failure, and was withdrawn-Cleared : Stern ward, tor Sydney, with flour, hay, rosin, and part of her origi- nal cargo from Hamburg.-The market for produce is unnl tertd, and transactions are limited. , ' Saturday, 7pm,- The Coonatto cleared yesterday for London. She ta'.cb twelve calila passengers. Her cargo consists of 2498 bales wool, besides copper, lead, leather, ano wine.-1'he Amazon barque has just arrived from tlie Mauritius with a oargo of sugars, half of willoh goes to Mel- bourne. '1 ho stormy weather contiuues. The Piitnula reports it as tempestuous since October Sth aud a furious squall on the 25th.-Markets unchanged. Y'SS Saturday, 0 p ra -A report has Just reached town that Mr. Fraser, storekeeper, of Gundaroo, was stuck up, and that a horse waB stolen from Mr. Edgar's stables Mr Joseph StyleB, J P., and several others, with one of the Gundaroo police, are on the track of the robbers. - MAURITIUS. Via Adelaide.-News has arrjved from Mauritius up to Sept. 2fitb.-The Ftderol war steamer Vidal touohtd nt Port Louts Sept. 2i. It is supposed she was in etaroh ot the Alabama. The sugar market continues firm, with every prospect of an advance on all descriptions-Freight to the colonies, £310s. -Exchango on Adelaide 7, London B.-The Robert Pasicnger sailed on September 15th tor Melbourne with over a million ibs. sugar. Tile Adriatic wa» loading for Melbourne.-The Law- rence sailed lor Sjdney, on September 18th, with ¡U8,0001bs sugar. The Torres was louding for Sydney, and the AmlenB for N<>w Zealand -Intelligence had ar- rived at Mauritius from Madagascar to September 11th Dr. Gunst, a naturalised Australian, had been grossly used. A French war vessel moved close in shoro-The i'Xpected communication from the Malngash to the French commodore is anxiously looked for by persoiiB interested in Madagascar. 