EDINBURGH ETCHINGS : SKETCHES OF PLACES AND PERSONS IN AND ABOUT AULD REEKIE. BY PETER 'POSSUM. ROUND AND ABOUT OLD GREYFRIARS As I WANDER about in Edinburgh by myself, I am not by myself, for by my side walks one or other of Sir Walter's characters They, more than historical per- sonages, come out of the past to me in real flesh and blood. More than solely – historical personages I ought to have said, since some of the most life-like characters in the Waverley series are historical – what, but for Sir Walter's skill, in many instances would have remained but impersonal names associated with dreary dates having been clad with individual form and features and inspired with the breath of mysteri- ously pulsing life. Just now I see Colonel Man- nering alight from his post-chaise in Bristo Port. Gaunt Dominie Sampson stalks after him into the inn, staring vacantly with fishy and yet latently benevo- lent eyes, and moving his limbs as if they were made of timber, and the joints wanted greasing. Pre- sently he is left to the care of Barnes, whose nag has been led to the stables, and the Colonel sallies forth under the pilotage of a chairman. I could never make out why a caddy was not engaged, unless the reason were that the saving old Highlanders who, in bygone days used to jog their sedans up and down the dank wynds and closes of Edinburgh, were, as a body, a more reputable set of men than the ragged commis- sionaires who clustered about the Cross. It must be remembered, however, that although the Edinburgh caddy used to look a blackguard, he was not one, but, on the other hand, as honest as he was shrewd. The Tron clock has just struck eight, when the Colonel enters the long lofty-housed High street, in which the high-pitched, but most musical, cry of "Caller ou," is multitudinously rising and floating. There were fast ladies in Edinburgh in those days – ladies who could be fast without losing their good name. I wonder if the Colonel met with any of those queer specimens of gentlewomanhood who would trust themselves un- protected at night in the High street, and the Cow- gate, sup on oysters, porter and punch, off dirty tables in dimly lighted "laigh cellars," get "fou," talk smut with men, and dance with women of the town. Strange times those must have been ! The Colonel crosses the High street and once more enters an alley far from fragrant and has to ascend a com- mon stair, which smells like a common sewer. At Pleydell's door lusty Dandie Dinmont is talking with the counsellor's slovenly servant, the Scotch "girl," who is not yet extinct. Smart enough — almost rival- ling Sydney servants in the hue and spread of their festal feathers –aire the Scotch servants on high days and holidays, but, again like the Sydney servants, they are too often sad sluts on common occasions. It is rare to find here, on an ordinary week-day, the neat, clean, perchance somewhat coquettish little house- maid, so frequently met with in London – the "trig" damsel with the natty little cap, fluttering like a white butterfly over a flower, on the back of her trimly kept glossy-haired little head, and the pocketed white apron fit for a fairy. The Teviotdale tup keeps "ta crown o' ta causeway," and following in his wake the Colonel and the chairman enter Writer's Close, and slip and grope through foul air and filth and darkness to the door of the Star and Garter. That was the name of the tavern in which, not merely fastidious lawyers, but that eminently evangelical and alcoholic divine, Dr Webster, of the Tolbooth Kirk, used to carouse – rather a different place from the balconied, airy, palatially appointed hotel which from Richmond Hill overlooks the richly-wooded grassy plain and the sparkling, winding stream. A strange love for dirt and darkness bygone Scots must have cherished, and their descendants have not altogether got rid of the peculiar predilection. The interview at Clerihugh's over, I follow the Colonel back to his inn, and in his room next morning I see Counsellor Pleydell, who has drunk plentifully of small beer – soda-water was not then invented – and now presents himself a most proper, polite and sprucely dressed Tros Tyrinsoe, prepared to conduct the Colonel to any shrine in which he may wish to worship. Under convoy of Miles Macfin from the Cowgate, Sampson departs to one of the "darker and more remote places of worship." Almost back to back, in Lady Lawson's Wynd and Laurieston re- spectively stand a gloomy Cameronian and a still goomier Original Secession Church. I don't know when they were built, but in one of these I choose to fancy the Dominie sat to sing and stood to pray. The Colonel goes off under escort of the counsellor to a church in which now-a-days they stand to sing, sit or kneel to pray, chant, have a liturgy, and stained glass, and soon, no doubt, will have an organ – the "kist o' pipes," the introduction of which into a church, in the enlightened opinion of Dr Begg, is equivalent to a denunciation of Protestantism, a full reconciliation to the scarlet woman. Mind it is a Presbyterian church of which I speak – a church in and about which the Covenant was signed, And actually in this citadel of Presbyterianism a few of the worshippers are so degenerate as to bow their heads for a few moments when they take their seats ; all so degenerate as to retire decorously, instead of getting ready for a start a minute or two before the last word of the last prayer is uttered, and before it has fairly fallen from the pastor's lips, scuttling out of the place like boys rush- ing down a theatre gallery's stairs. What would Manse Headrigg say of such backslidings into black prelacy and Papistry ? Doubtless she would think it a righteous thing that Dr Robert Lee, the introducer of these innovations – which, hugely to the horror of Dr Begg, have been imitated to some extent by his brother Free Churchman, Dr Guthrie –ought to be made to smart under the temporal sword. Having got to Greyfriars, let us part company with Colonel Mannering and look about us, or rather let us first enter the church and listen to the man who now occupies the pulpit of the famous Dr Robertson, the professor of whom I have spoken. To my taste Dr. Lee is out and out the most interesting preacher I have heard in Edinburgh. Dr Guthrie, of course, has many more admirers. He uses flowery language, gesticulates, and cries occasionally. I don't laugh at those who like that kind of thing ; I simply say that I like another kind of thing, and have only been able to stand one sermon m Free St John's. To give those of my southern readers who have heard Mr. Binney, but have not heard Dr Guthrie, a negative notion of what the latter's style is like, I may say that it is just the opposite of the former's. Both are popular preachers, but one is a man's, and the other a woman's preacher. If careful abstinence from hysterical appeals to the feelings in rhetoric so florid as often to tremble on the verge of the tawdry, and a careful reasoning out of thought in words every one of which is wanted, be the characteristics of Scotch preaching, Mr. Binney ought to have been the Scotsman. To return to Dr. Lee. He is slight, about the middle height, has a good deal of white hair, which makes him at a distance look older than he is, but a bright, active eye glancing hither and thither, when he is out of the pulpit, like an observant bird's, which shows that he takes in the world the interest of one who has not seen sixty. His tone is incisively emphatic ; his sermons prove that he has read the newspapers during the past week, and that he thinks Christianity a thing which ought to act on the world, not shudder in a corner at the thought of it, like a coddled invalid dreading the intrusion of a boisterous bully ; he keeps up with the culture of the age, but his attainments in this way he does not use as panni purpurei, they crop out naturally, and make you feel that there is a good deal more hidden than shown ; he does not expect you to believe anything simply because he says it, – he presupposes that his hearers have brains, some of them as good brains as his own, and that the only intellectual advantage he has over the latter consists in the special study he his made of his theme. In all these respects, when I listen to him, I am reminded of the sermons which I used to hear long ago as I sat in the slanting beams which make the "storied windows richly dight" of Lin- coln's Inn Chapel a luscious banquet for the eye on sunny autumnal afternoons. And yet there is a good deal of difference between Lee and Maurice. The eclecticism of the latter may perhaps enable him to drive a definite creed from the conflicting opinions to which he gives fair play, but his hearer often feels that his doctrine is vague – intangible – that it cannot be put into the hearer's own words, when an attempt is made to reproduce it. Lee, on the other hand, makes you clearly understand what he wishes you to accept – if you reject it, you know quite well what you have rejected. But if Lee is clearer – possibly because shallower – than Maurice he has not – for me, at any rate – that marvellous personal magnetism, which makes young men listen to Maurice as if he were an inspired prophet. Dr Lee, however, as Professor of Biblical Criticism in the University of Edinburgh, is said to exercise a very beneficial influence on theological students. The leaven he has introduced is daily more and more liberalising the theology and the ritual of the Kirk. There is not anything very striking in the archi- tecture of old Greyfriars church. Indeed, being with- out a stccple it looks externally rather barn like. It is not the original Old Greyfriars. That was blown up in the first quarter of the last century, and when the church was rebuilt instead of a steeple New Grey- friars was added to it. This is not the only instance of ecclesiastical gregariousness in Edinburgh – St. Giles is divided into three churches. Old Grey- ftiars was again burnt down in 1845. It is in the green-grassed, grey-stoned graveyard which sur- round the churches you must wander, if you wish to enjoy the interest of identity. On that very broad stone on which you see a sparrow hopping and a sere leaf lall, the Covenant was spread out and signed. All within the church had signed it after listening to a sermon from Henderson, whose corpse lies crumbled into dust in this very cemetery. Then the stern crowd in the graveyard received the parch- ment, gashed their arms, and signed their testimony with their blood. This many of them had afterwards to do in a more fatal manner A slab on one of the old walls records the sufferings of the Scotch martyrs – recorded also, is long as Psalms shall be sung, in the tune which bears their name. You swing back a rusty iron gate (the smiths who forged it ceased to hammer two or three centuries ago) and enter an oblong caemeterium in caemeterio, whose narrow length is choked with tombs. It was differently filled after the battle of Bothwell Bridge. In this ditch-like space hundreds for months, and more for weeks, of the Covenanting prisoners taken in that battle were kept m the open air, without couch or coverlet, on bread and water, and not enough of that. Where I am standing men have been shot down for simply rising to stretch their cold, cramped limbs. No wonder " Bluidy Mac- kenzie who prosecuted the Covenanters, and whose monument, hard by Henderson's, you can see if you again step into the main graveyard, is to this day a name which excites hate and horror in Scotland. Mr. Chambers tells us that the Edinburgh boys used to dare one another to shout at dusk through the key- hole of Sir George Mackenzie's tomb : "Bluidy Mackenzie, come out if ye dare, Lift the sneck and draw the bar." This cried, the crier would scamper off as if the arch- fiend were after him. There is such peace in the autumn air as I roam under the scarcely moving trees, which now and then rain a slowly-whirling golden or russet leaf upon the grey, worn tombs, that memories of fratricidal strife, patriotism, and religious zeal disfigured by bigotry, and persecuted with ruth- less barbarity, seem out of harmony with this quiet spot where the wicked have ceased from troubling and the weary are at rest. I have the graveyard almost to myself ; an old man leading, or rather being led by, a little girl, whose locks are as golden and luxuriant as his are silver and scanty, and a robin singing on a grey wall covered with glossy veined ivy, and anon capri- ciously stopping, and dropping upon the rusty tomb- rails, and thence to the grassed or gravelled ground – these, and the worms and insects, are my only living companions ; but as I dreamily make my rounds and read, as I might on the shelves of a well-filled library, such names as George Buchanan, Robertson, Allan Ramsay, the graves give up their dead, and ghosts become my comrades. Ti>r Sf^on - We have had a deal of rainlatclv. During Thursday and Imlay last a considerable quantity fell, and ag un on Alonday and Monday i ight The effect probablv will be that great numbers of lambs will be killed The crops generally will, how?ver, be much improved by the late lams, pro vitltd we now h ive fine -»eather -Goulburn Ihrall Thi. G lu Discovers uPevk Downs-Kotiorts Irom the Teas. Dosrnt are not quite sa satisfactory as v» is },tricinlly anticipated, and it is now apparent that the late excitement wa» fos'ercd very much by cn "iterated rumour, in spite of previous expérience, and the oft repeated warnings of th Press Tint there is gold is beyond question, but the deposits bem0 near the surf*ce, are pitchv and though often vtiy rich, aie soon worked out, and the lucky miner t f one dav becomes a prospector the next T he Pe ik Dcwns diggers have had very much to conteid against in the scarcity and dt-rre« of rations and tools, and the want of water, p rlicularly foi pros pecting Turpenes Mr A cale, ot the tirm ol Winter, A rah, and Co , who is now in town, states that the diggeis are almost a* a standstill for wuit of the pluvial element There ire from 200 to 300 at present on the ground, the reminder having been com polled to leave and s°ek employment rt the Copper Mines or at the stitions in the ncigh bouihood lhc population is about equally divided between the old and new workings lu Mr À eale s otinion, the greater rjort of those now on the road will not be able to earn a living unless rain should com» The old hands are gcneially doing well, and hold connderable quantities of gold, but many of the new aruvaV, have done rothmg AVe understand Mr Veale his brought down about 130 o/i of gold From other sources we have obtained information confirmatory ot a statement made» in our columns some weeks ago - that considerable quantities of ¿old are exported from Rockhampton without the declaration required bj law bemg made -Rock, hampton Bulletin, October G Gorm in Amun-i -Another gold rumour is agitat- ing the rnmds of half the good folk in Albury just now Tor some months past James Ivelly has been keeping a patty prospecting, sinking, and driving on his land at Sergeant s Flat in the Basin, borne mile or two from Albury He met with various results of encouragement and disappointment as is usual in all such searches, but this week we understand that he has ODened up a gold find outside his paddock, and report speaks very highly of the result Earth taken only eighteen mches from the surface has, when washed, turned out gold to c\erv pan. We have been some of the gold, which appears fine and very craggy There is again a perfect ruBh for miner b rights On a visvt to the spot yesterday afternoon we found a ^ood deal of excitement m marking off claims, the prospectors have reported to the police magist-ate that it is payable, and have leduced their claim to a working one in- stead of a prospecting claun "»Ve saw a load of dut wash* el veiy roughly in & sheet ol b rk, and the result v.m half an-ounce of heavy sa ,'ty gild The present fand is about half-a-mile from the river, near Joshua Mann's, who has also found gold on his place. The i sinking ia wet.-4-lburg banner, October 10. 