LIFE AT A FRENCH CHATEAU. (" From Six wtekt in La Chtre Petit 3ntangt 't in tUt Bnglithwomait Journal.) AFTER dinner the two servants came in and sat by the fireplace spinning, and then the old stories oame up, and the child's cry was men- tioned, and I said I had heard it. " Ah ! that forebodes misfortune,'* said Jeanne," and I kjow it means that my poor boy will be drawn for the conscription." The younger servant Justine, a lovely brown girl, with dark eyes set in ber head a little obliquely, like the Tar larg, cried out, " Oh mother, do not talk so, you know the cure has almost said that Honore will not be drawn, and you must not talk so afjer what tho cure has said, it is not religious, and I cannot bear it." The old lady interrupted the girl, " Hold your tongue, Justine, - it is not - becoming in a betrothed bride to say anything abiut her lover," and the Countess, turning to Bene, explained that her farmer's wife Jeanne, the elder woman, I had adopted , this Justine, and that she andi Honore were not only like brother and sister, but.very like to become husband and wife, but i alas I all depended on the fatal number to be drawn in the ensuing month. Justine looked I np, uei.her shy nor bold, but direct and inte- rested, and said, " Pardon, Madame, but you ' know it is most important of all for our father and mother, that Honore should not be drawn ; and now father is ill and cannot work, who is to work for the family? and whatever! will Madame do without Honore ? as for me, it is very little conseauence if I remain as I am, Mere Jeanne is always my mother." "Ah 1" Baid the old Countess, "if I contd afford. to buy Honore off, I would ; but you know I have cut down all the trees, but the moat trees and cedars, and I can't like to do that, it is quite impossible. Mon Dieu! it were better if the Bon Dieu would take your father," [the only son of a widow ia exempt from the conscription.] Here the good woman Jeanne burst ou^ it vehement, sobs, and hurried from the room. The old lady was very much grieved for her hasty words, and with the help of Justine got out1 of her chair, and hurried after to make it up. Rene and I were left alone, and we looked at one another and burst out laughing. There was some- thing so comical in the o!d lady's hasty speech and her tender anxiety, and her grandeur and her poverty, and to me in the idea of Rene, the New York merchant with his command of thousands a year, sitting quietly listening to a 'family difficulty all to bo sold by £100. On the morrow Rene and I went tb see the next male representative of the family after him. Werode with Justine to a neighbouring village, healthily situated on a high hill, and following our guide (who,;by-the-bye, rode like a man across her norse, and with no saddle, very like .Joan .ol Arc), we stopped at the cottage of a wooden shoe "m'iker. The ceiling and the walls were all covered with wooden shoes. We entered and saw four Of five healthy obildroo eating raw periwinkles out of a big black iron pot, and throwing tbe shells on the floor. Justine picked out one boy of three from the mas's, dirtier and blacker thin the rest, and said, "Here, Mes- sieurs, this ia the little Comte Eugene Rene Theodore de Hons/' whereupon the small Breton gave a' most tremendous roar at being separated from his periwinkles. He was cer- tainly a fine boy, as well as we could judge through the gloom and dirt, but I. saw Rene was quite shocked*to see his little nephew so uncared lor. The foster-mother, who had had the little follow sinoo1 his mother's death, was lying ill-in the great family oak bsd, which was more like an immence bookcase than any other bed out of Brittany. Bene went up to her, and she poured out a long disclosure of the merits o'f her little foster-son, and begged Rene not lo let Madame' take him away until he was six, as all the little De KeineoB and De Houxs had stayed with their foster-mothers until five, andhe,p)or little orphan, would be so dull with his old grandmother and no little brothers and sisters. Rene, it seemed to me, rather damped ber by saying he should wish the little-fellow togo to his grandmother very soon, but the poor mother's spirits were raised by the, sight of the handsome bit of gold he left on her patchwork counterpane. Bene also asked her to sell him some beautiful old white six-sided French chinap'ates, which she had reccived as a present from his mother, and as they were to go into the " old family " again, and what he offered was tempting, she gladly promised the whole set. Wo three' mounted again,.and all the way home Justine talked to tts of her Honore, who was, according to ber, the pitts Irave garcon de toute'la Bretagne. She told us how, wnen she was a little girl, and she had done something at school very naughty, she bad been . called up to receive, slaps in the hand from the master's ruler, and how each time she put out her little hand (she was only six) an- other little hand darted out above hers and received the blow, and that was Honore's, who stood behind her ; and* so on for all the : ten -, years since, the brave garcon bad always taken :her troubles, and there lías nothing in the world she would not do for Honore. She told us she meant to cut off all her hair and sell it, to add to tho sum Madame was trying to scrape together to buy off Honore if he should be drawn ; whereupon Rene histily interrupted her, and asked her not to out it until after he had spoken to his aunt. Justine promised, and seemed to look upon Rene as the natural bead of the family, to be obeyed in all. things. She told him all Madame's troubles for money, and how Mademoiselle Marthe had gone into a convent without any "do i, and how ashamed. Madame had been. Justine shewed great good sense in her way of viewing matters, and quite won our hearts. Evidently sha did ' ' not know the worst of Madame's position, that terrible mortgage on tito old estate, and that it must and would be sold unless she could pay £5000 during the coming year, which, as far as she, Madamo, was con- cerned, waa an niter impossibility. How Reno's face twitched with suppressed laughter, as poor Justine said Madame had said the tapestry and the blue damask and the old candlesticks must be s lld, and that she, Justine, know that horrid notaire Monsieur Chauvin would buy I them all, as he bad done everything else. " Oh ! it is Monsieur Chauvin, is it, who has Madame i io his hands,'' said Bone ; then turning to mo ho ad led, I haye that mao corop'e'ely ¡n m. power, thanks to bis investments io a certain Ko w York b»nk," At dinner, Madame de Kienec told Bene about ber money difficulties, and cried over the prospect of the young Bene Theodorp, who was born to poverty, with the curse, as she Bald, of " magnificent traditions," which would make his lot more bitter. . Bene was, as she thought, strangely unfeeling, and laughed at the idea of conjuring up troubles for the fat little periwinkle-eater. "Ab,'' said the old lady, " you are an American wretch, and have los". PH sympathy with the sentiments of your race, it will not wound your heart to see the ceders cut dowe ; and 6ure enough, before the year is ont, slaughtered they mast be, and all the moat trees too !" and the teari rained down the old wrinkled cheeks. I could not have horne it if I had been Sene, but he did, only turning away to hide his emotion. Madame de Keinec bad been a woman of great endowments, both moral and physical ; courageous and beautiful ; and by her own acconnts of the part she played as a gul when the chateau waa besieged, ehe must have shared the bloody excitement. of the time, and been more of a heroine than Madame de la Rochejacquelin. She' assured us she threw abo wera of wood ashes and boiling wa'er from the top of the aquae tower, into the eyes of the attacking Blues, while her father and brothers fired and shot them down as they halted a little, blinded and bewildered. She showed us a scar ia her wrist, where a bullet hit her as she imprudently exposed her hand above the parapet wall of the roof. The evening was spent as most were, sitting round the great, chimney, in wbioh burnt a few pine logs, for the. old lady felt it cold, though it was the usual June weather,-and in listening to her stories of the wars in La Vendee and La Bretagne; abe spoke willi the fire of an ardent partizan, and with undoubting faith. She did not seem to know that; there was any other family but the Bourbon, or any other religion but the Catholic; she regarded Eng'and with horror, and thought that all the discoveries of modern science were inventions of the devil to bind men fast to this world; in which sentiment I was more inolined to agree with her than Rene was, She had never set foot in a railway or steamboat, and swore she never would. While she talked, her servants Jeanne and Justine sat spinning in the room, but a little apart, taking with absolute belief every word she uttered as gospel truth. Loyal, devout, hospitable, utterly unse'fish, and kind, though quick and sodden in temper, Madame la Comtesse, in her ninety-first year, made still an impression of a most queenly woman, and I understood why Bene had come across the world to see her once more, and with the determination of riving her last days that happiness whioh he had it in bis power to be- stow. He knew she wished her daughter, the nun, to be able to give something to her com» inanity, and he knew she wished to keep the old estate in the family, and above all to restore the chapel and enlarge it for the benefit of her poor neighbours. . So respected was the family that more than twenty poor men had come to the chateau, offering their labour for nothing if the materials could be found. Bene and I saw these poor people, who told us they were strongly convinced of a certain holi- ness in the ruin, and also in a well which was at the back of the chapel, under the exterior wall, and they begged of us to help them to rein, state this place, so dear to their fathers, in its old beau'y, and d ¡dicate it again to its old uses. Duting tho fir it weok I spent with Madame do Keineo I tnard a strange cry three times; distinctly, and Bene saw some- thing; it was lmg before I could induce him to say what, but it wis something so dreadful, that he got up, left his room, and did not. return until, daybreak. I never dared ask for more particulars than I already knew of the child's cry-that it was supposed by the family to be one pf the brothers of Madame de Keinec's husband' who was cruelly . guillotined with an elder sister - when he was only twelve years of age.. It was .said he had given a shriek at Nantes just as the blade tell, which wa3 heard by his family at their chateau at the same in* stant, although it was thirty miles distant. Rene had lived for years in New York and in San Franoisco among the .newest of new ideas, yet he returned and believed still in the traditions of his old home, and the ghost was, to him as real an inhabitant of the old chateau as his great aunt I herself. Though thrilled'by the strange cry, I and impressed by Berte's recital, of which I have promised nevor to tell the particulars white he is living, I cannot say I felt certain that the ghosts of the castle frere other than bats, owls, frogs, strange noises of wind in empty ohambers, miasmas from the moat, and the ever present mémorisa of bloody deeds and evil times, accursed spirits more or less tangible according to the sensibility of the haman creature. I must pass over the week spent in visiting our friends and neighbours,, and describe our last days at the chateau. It was now July, hot and lovely weather, and the noble old lady seemed to re- vive under_the. genial influence of .Eene's loving reverence. One day, with his help, she walked into tho lily-garden, and there bad her chair brought to. her. - Justino came and sat at her feet, and Bene threw himself on the ground, looking at the two women before him with a queer amused expression, as if they were a group in a picture, while they, in rather a low voice, began the eternal discussion about Honore, and whether he would be lucky or not in drawing. Justine said she had £4 saved, and Madame said.' she had' £20, but this .would not do, and ¿ their . faces-- became overcast, and I saw Rene could not stand it any longer, and I knew very well what he was going to do, for he had been prepared for this denouement. Ho said, "How much must you have?" and pulling out hiB purse with bright new napoleons in it, ho threw them one by ona into Justine's lap. saving, " They are for, your dot, Jujtinój.pr, if "you Jikejt better, you can sivo Honore when he is, drawn-that is if you like him." Amid, the wildest exclamations,of Mon Dieu ! Mon Dieu 11 Mon Seigneur 11 ! Saint» Vierge ! 1 ! I he went on and on, throwing the glittering bits . of gold until 120 wera lying in her lap. Never did I see such a curious scene of excitement. Bene was pleased and joyous as a boy, the old lady full of gratitude and also distrust : whence did the money come, for Bone was ruined ? "Waa it his friend's doing ? and she looked at mo with such a ques- tioning glance that I was obliged to come forward and Bay that I was a poor rat, but-but -that Beno was not, and that it waa he who had been the generous friend tomo always, not I to him ; then I told her Rene's story after the w.rsck of the Central American, strange and wonderful to her ears, so little used to the ridhes of Americans and their generous eccentricity, Bo I mado her understand that Bene was rich, very rieb, and that he was so becauso he had Hiked all to save a human life. I described to her the homeward voyoge from Ibo gold country, tba' terrible night of storm, the cabin with its floor ¿ nuii of gold, which few dared to steal, I told he, of some weighed down wltb their golden treasure, sinking, and of others saved by the merest plank, of Bone's courage and devotion ; in short, I told her all that strange history, the very strangest, wildest, saddest of any shipwreck, the wreck of the Central America in 18S7. 