MELBOURNE NEWS. y (Argiis.) The promise that a " real ghost" would bo pro duced at the liaymarkct Theatre on Monday evening was sufficient. to draw an unusually !»rge.*audionce,;: all parts of the house having been well filled. Tho; " ghost" must be seen to be appreciated. But this' much may at least be said,'the illusion is undoubtedly; very remarkable, a*d tho invention must, in a certain' sense, create a revolution in stage arrangements.; The play chosen for the introduction of its ghostship was the old and fear-excitirig drama of "The Castle! Spectre;" vrith Miss Lockhart and Mr R.'Youngo in: the leading parts ; Mr Milne filling the part of Father Philip, a!nd Mr R. Stewart tnat of Moilcy. The drama has been a popular one for years, anil is familiar to young and old. It need only be said,: therefore,1 that it was well played last evening, and that the ghost scenes-for tho apparition Has three appearances-were successful. So good indeed is the; illusion, that thoso not learned in what passes behind tho foot-lights, might easily have fancied that a visi tant from the spirit-world had actually held posses sion of tho stage for a time. Successful as tho illusion was, however, the merits of' tho invention will be yet better seen when the practice of a few more evenings has given still greater certainty to its management. The rehearsals at tho Ilaymarkot have been frequent within tho last week or so ; and tho success already achieved is sufficient to prove the value of tho invention in the theatrical world. In the absence of that description which, as wo have said, it would be aimqgt unfair to give, tho best ad vice which can be offered to the curious in the matter is to go and see " Tho Ghost." The' illusion will undoubtedly repay a visits At the Victoria Turf Subscription Room, on Holi day evening, thero was only a small attendance of members, and there was very little speculation on . the forthcoming races, except on double events. Archer was vory firm. for tho Ballarat Champion ltace, at 5 to 2, and nothing else was backed out , right. Most of the double events mentioned in cluded Archer for the great event. The sympathy!felt by tho citizens of Melbourne with the Polc3, in their'present gallant struggle for I.independence, found expression at a numerously at tended public meeting hold on Monday evening, at St George's Hall. Tho meeting was presided over by the Mayor, and was addressed by tho Hon W. Hull, M.L.O., Dr Cairns, the Rev M. Itintel, Mr K Langton, lit J. Langlands, and other gentlemen. Appropriate resolutions were unanimously passed,' and a committee to receive subscriptions to a Polish. sick and relief fund was constituted. TUB .RIGHTS OF WOMEN.-The advocates of law reform may possibly find a text in an inter pleader case, heard on Saturday in the Ballarat County Court. The judgment debtor had been trading aB a fcip-mc sole, a. widow, and, as con venience offered, as a married woman, her -hus band having been away from- her for BOme years.; She had given a bill ofsale to the claimant, who, it was alleged, knew she was a married woman, ami the execution creditor had obtained judg ment against her husband in a wrong name. Under these circiunstanccs, the judge ruled that the execution could not lie, but he refused to rule upon the claim of interpleader. " Surely,' comments the Star, " the law should not only "ive to judges a discretionary power to decide"whether or not a woman living apart from, her husband has practically traded as a. femme sole, but should reduce, especially m a colony like this, the term within! which, the absent hus band is held to be master of his wife's property. . -Herald. U - -TIL -a''1 THE SILKWORM AND THE MULBERRY. Ine Age gives the ; following . notice of Mr. Martelli a, pamphlet on this subjectWe have received a :copy of a work by Mr. A. Martelli, C.E.,' on "The Silkworm and .its Food" (Melbourne, Clarson, Shallard and Co.) which ought to be made the subject of study by all Victorian accli matis-ers and agriculturists who would desire to increase their own and the country s resources. : The writer has been several years resident m this j colony, and informs us that lie previously became I familiar with the mysteries of sericulture, so that his opinions on the subject.are entitled to consi derable respect. After some introductory re marks, Mr. Martelli gives a history of sericulture, in which he notices specially the encouragement which Henry Quatre^and that great statesman, sprung from the people-Colbert, m Louis the Fourteenth's day-gave to the cultivation of mul berry trees in France, and he subsequently re commends such examples to be followed m some modified form, suited to changcd tunes and cir cumstanccs, by the Governments of the Australian colonies. The introduction of; the silkwoim is a comparatively secondary matter ; the first.neces sity is the cultivation ot the mulberry trees, the loaves of which form the food of the insect; and Mr. Martelli gives details regarding the selection of these- and he is of opinion thnt the best time for sowing here will be found to be betweeaMarch and the middle of May. With regard to tUc se wiinn of the efg8 of silkworms, it has^ been found that there are about 120 varieties sect, and Mr. Martelli recommends the tion of e-gs fiom Italy m preference to China notwithstanding the vicinity of the la ter coun r^ as it has been found that eggs brought from China to Itnlv have produced inferior worms to those reared in the. latter country. It' would se=m tha' the silkworm, therefore, lias improved in. It. y. The chief danger to be guarded against is the get ting o 1 sease°d eggs at a time wlien disease is so nrevalent amonl European silkworms. Mr. ilartelli «Wes minute directions regarding the manncement of the insects, " the construction o 2S, or breeding houses," »liatch.ng of " the live stages tln-ough.which the worms nass'before their transformation,. the formation and ['reservation of the. chrysalises or cocoons, and '' reproduction." lie also gives details show ing that sericulture will prove a most profitable undertaking m Australia. "e 13 ° '.X^South " Victoria, the greater portions of flew ... Wales, parts of South Australia, New . ^ealaiid,. nnd the whole of Tasmania lie within the limits which have proved in the northern hemisphere to be most favorable for.the production of silk., , RKUOCTIOK ''ri»i;CABttiAGi5 OF T;MB««.rrOn n<l nfW to-day (observes the Bailarut Stat of Monday") a reduction will,be made, i^tlie Ireig nf timber sent by the railway.! Hitherto . it has been the practice to count fifty cubic feeta ton, Knt in future sixty cubicfeet will be allowed; -As H ^ht ner ton -will remain the same, a reduc »-|«.ta"» -ws 'fggt-»«»?»» Pwkvamto m.cr.lly »»" coniwcted ? with our funny contemporary. . 