A SOMERSETSHIRE GHOST STOliY /From Bmtky'i MuffNany.J We arrive now at one of Ihose inexplicable occurrences* which, examined to their source, afford ua no alternative bat to believe either that gentleman of high ebaraeler and honourable position have united is the invention and dissemination of a proas falsehood, or that something that stay fairly be called preternatural has really aud truly been presented to oar generation. For several years past, singular rumours have got abroad, from time to time relative to an old family-seat Mar V , Somersetebirej which, however, despite its reputatioa, ba» *evt>r, up to the preeeirt aonfeirt, been without occupants. The circumstance moat frequently associated with die nu&onrs; aforesaid, was that, on almost every night, at twelve o'clock, something Art was invieible entered a certain corridor atone end and passed out at the other. It mattered not to tbe mysterious intruder who might be witnesses of the midnight progress. Almost as rrgularly aa night succeeded day, tbe strange sound recurred, and was precisely that which would have been occasioned by a lady, wearing tbe high-heeled shoes of a former period, and a full aUk dfesaif, sweeping through tbe corridor. Nothing was ever aeen,—and the itanreanon produced by hearing the approach, tie passing, and withdrawal of the visitor «itb perfect distinctness, while tbe companion- sense was shut, was described as most extraordinary. It was but a dav or two siooe, that the brother oi tbewrtter chanced to meet at dinner one of the more recent ear-witnesses of Sis certainly moat remarkable phenomenon, and, with tbe sanction of the latter tbe adventure skill be given nearly ia his owa words. I was visiting, about two year* ago, at a friend's house, a few miles from F-—, when my attention was attracted, em day at d.nn?r, to a C)nvi r ation that was going on, having reference to the haunted character of B—- House, near If ^ Tbe subject seemed to interest tbe speakers so much that 1 begged to be informed of the details, and learned that a particular corridor of tbe mansion in question was, every night, at twelve o'clock, the scene of an occurrence that had hitherto defied all explanation. One of tbe party hid himself bwt a visitor at B House, and, being sceptical and devoid of fear, mquasted pertmaaioo to keep vigil in the haunted gallery, lie did so, witnessed tbe phenomenon, and, ' nothing on earth,' he irankl/ osr&ed;, 4 would tnduoe me its repeat thoexprnmcnt.' He then recounted to me certain •circumstances, which agreed so nearly with what I myaelf aubadaueatly witnessed, that'it will be better to narrate them from the direct evidence of my own aatoniabed sense*. " My curiosity being greatly Increased by the manifeat befief accorded br tbbse present to this gentleman's atory, 1 obtained an inWuctioCtotbafamily at B House, and received from tbemawad/ pfnuiMon to paas a night, or more, if neoeaaiiy, ia the hau^M I warat full fljoceoTfit to select i Mar - companion I chose, for the advootupe, , and I aoeoedingly invited an old friend, Mr. [r. W, W. K ID——, , wbo twoecoinpaiwmB. £ , like myael£ was diaposed to incredulity in suoh Matters; he had never " ' "sing of the sort before, and waa assured either that nothing unfOttJd occur on tbe night wben two sentnes were on duty, or that we ihouid hare no great difficulty id tracing the phenom^iotf toa fleshy'aonroe. "TfeejWuUy atB bijipeaad at this period to be from bone, but authority having been given ua to nuke any arrange* mentsimpteised, IE——and X proceeded io the inata&oa;, intending, at all ereota, to devote tm »&>ta to the experiment. It wfll^ft seen that tin's part of tbe plan was aotatrictJr. carried4&1 "We dined oi^jr,^ JSve o'clock, and in oiler to make (£rtain of the dwtrnees of oar beads, dawk- Hotting little table, beer. W* haflthen fixhoutt before but, resolved to lose no chance, we tot&aj;) our position at once'ln*'Ui(3 hauntod corridor. It w« oT considerable length, with a door at each extremity, and one or two at tfctuidii. My ftM^diiKw^- is * piquet player, and as our watch was to be a prolonged ona, and it wasertremely destrable to Jtaep ourselves well ou the alert, it was agreed to take some earda with us. ••Combining buaincsswith jtleasure,wo laced our „eard-irtifll eo as to §arrica'de c the wic passage ; our two chai„ exactly filling up tlie spsco that remained, so that it would be impossible fur any mortal .creature Io, prow through without disturbing us. In addition to this, we ulaced two lighted catidles on tbe eround nearttie iifitH, at or tbrtw f«* from the table, jsa the aide whi^i the raw^ious footsteps alwavs dune. Finally, wc plaaed two revolwti aad twoItfe-|>B»*a» on the table. "These precaution taken, we com weed our and playod, with varying till about eleven o'clock. At that rime, growing a little tiret> of piquet, we changed the game to €eart4, and played until the housc-clock sounded midnight, Mechanically we dropped our earda, and looked along the dim corridi r. No sounds, however, followed, and after pausing a tniuute or two, we resumed the game, which chanced to be near its conclusion. " 1 1 say, its nonsense sitting up,' yawned K- i 'this thing never coaies, you know, after twelve, What do you say f After this game!' .. . ®I looked at ruy watcb. which I had taken the precadUon to set by tbe church dock, as we entered the village. By t hia it appeared that the house-clock was fart. It wanted yet three minutes of tbe hour. Pointing out the mistake to K——, I proposed that we should, by all means, wait another t«n minutes. " Tbe words w#re not fairly out of my mouth, when tbe door at the end seemed to open and reelose. This time the cards literally dropped from eorhtads, for though nothing could be teen, the conviction was flowing, on both our minds, that something sad entered. We were soon more fully convicted of it. The silence was br keu by a tapping sound, such aa would becauaed by a light person, wearing bigh-beeied shoes, quietly coming toward* ua op the _galiched, sounding exactly, in feet, a* would be the case under ordinary circumstances. It was a firm and regular tread—light, yet determined—and it was ac^ompauied by a round between a sweep, a rustle, and a whistle, cot comparable to anything but the brushing of a stiff silken dress against the walls! " How K and I looked as the sounds advanced as it were to storm as, I will sot pretend to say, I confess I was, for the moment^ petrified with amazement and neither of us, I believe, moved hand or foot. On—on—on—came the tap and rustle; they reached tbe lighted candles on the floor, passed them, not even disturbing the flame, then the tapping ceased, but the invisible silken robe seemed to brush the wall oa both aidea, on a level with our beads, then the tapping recommenced on the other side the table, and ao receding, made its exit at the otber door!! As for making any use of oar revolvers ifo-prc»M««a the idea «e*w ooce occurved to either of us. There was not even a shadow at which to strike; it was sound alose, u I feel that aiiy attempt to explain this strange phenomenon mt once to my own satisfaction and that of ethers, would be perfectly futile, I muat of necessity tat ar * tbe fact aa it occurred, id «i ft lid "Been, aad proartifice. I may mention that, on one occasion, it chanced that a nurae of tbe lamily had to >ass through the corridor aboutfche hour of i wdve, carrying, or ipfehet little girl who w« deaf and, Ju«nb r A« the »oundi«ssed the .di11d j|ppe*red to shrink back in the utmost alarm, etrtiggiing and moaning to get away, nor could she ever be induoeo to enter the corridor again, without evincing the aame violait terw." 