I THE THREE CHRISTMAStfS. \ ' ' (Written for the Freeman's Journal.) ? CHRISTMAS THE FIRST. ' Mary darlin*, here he comes, he's jist behind me, are ye ready with the breakfast?' . 'Yes; Brian, everything's ready, but the rasher and the eggs and they'll be down in a jiffey.' And so they were—the rasher of bacon and m -?: the eggs were soon spluttering and frying on the I ; ;:..-- pan, over a clear turf fire, and soon again spread m on a white plate, on the very clean table- cloth, m which covered the table in the centre of the m kitchen, for in the kitchen of an Irish m cottage we are, my friend. Look about H you, and tell me what you think of it. 1 There in the corner stands the dresser, rich in m blue delf plates, mugs, bowls, white ^a-mm. and saucers, and underneath the spare pots and pans, redolent of much scrubbing, that are not wanted yet, though they soon will be on this glorious Christmas day. See how neatly the plain wooden chairs are ranged round the white-washed walls, I'll be bound Mary has scrubbed them well and rubbed them white with sand this last week ; yes, every thing shines in this humble IriBh cottage, everything looks bright there this jolly Christmas time, and a roaring turf fire on the hearth is very welcome this cold weather, for it is freezing hard, though the sun shines, this bracing Christmas day in old Ireland. And Mary bustles about, pushes the solitary straw-bottomed arm chair nearer the fire, moves plates on the tables into other places, and wipes chairsthat are innocent of dust, for the trot of a horse is heard ringing clearly through the frosty air, and soon a kindly Irish voice is heard at the door, giving the kindly Irish greeting, ' God save all here,' and the genial face of the warm- hearted parish priest, as he smiles to Mary and shakejs her hand, lights up the humble cottage. ' A merry Christmas to your reverence, and a happy new year ! you must be famished after your long ride this blessed mornin' 'Thank you, Mary, thank you kindly, the same to you, I'll not deny I am hungry, for I had a sick call before first mass this morning, but how's the colleen, Mary.' 'She's bravely, Father John, doin, well this bitter cola weamer. Jtlut ''set ye down and try to ate somethin.' We shall leave the Priest to his breakfast, welcome though humble, and only interrupted by good-natured inquiries as to the family concerns of the little household. While he satisfies his appetite, rendered keen by the mountain blast, we shall satisfy the curiosity of the reader, (we presume, the reader is curious). We have seen the cottage of Brian and Mary, it was such a one, as might often have been seen _ in Ireland twenty years ago, when everything was in plenty Brian was ' comfortable' and he had ?? a warm place of it' his neighbours said, although ; Brian's farm was only some fifty acres in extent, i but he was industrious and Mary was a good house- 1 keeper. Brian's father and grandfather and their fathers before them had held the same farm from time immemorial, and had gone on quietly and ' Steadily, always ready with the rent as the gale ( became due, thus leaving the landlord no pretext ] to exercise his power, had he so wished it. 1 Married young, a usual thing in Ireland, Brian i found a willing partner, as careful as himself, and - the proceeds of the little farm kept the house I ' warm.' The times were good, and when such ( is the case, few Irishmen think of saving, each i year sufficed for itself and comfort and content - filled Brian's and Mary's humble cottage. I But the neighbours are gathering in, for it is 1 a great day in the cottage, the first-born of the i young couple is to be christened, and this im- 1 portant ceremony adds eclat even to Christmas - day. 1 It is over, and the Christmas sports begin, i Some to the slide, where the priest himself i performs miracles of agility, taking a very long - 1 race indeed before he starts, and managing I generally to arrive at the middle of the long t slide with infinite pain and a shade of seriousness t over his merry face, as if deeply impressed with c the danger of his attempt. From a neighbouring t holme or well-sheltered flat, the continuous c reports of guns show that there is a goodly number \ of aspirants for the honour of carrying off the t Christmas goose. And what a motley collec- f tion of fire arms ! From the long Spanish duck- s gun, and old Brown Bess to the trim fowling- \ piece of our own times. Some looked as if they s were the first fathers of all guns, and were decidedly more dangerous to the fool- hardy a owner, who fired, than to the object aimed at, o and much good-natured chaffing was exchanged, v especially when the owner of one of these rener- v able grandfathers of the long Enfield aimed at the target. f Others again the younger portion, were busy with their sleighs or 'sledges' as they were called, a simple contrivance consisting of a seat or more nailed on two long runners, these were guided by the conductor, sitting at the rear, with two iron spikes, which he alternately pressed to the ground as he wished to change to his course. When launched from the top of a high hill they sped down with astonishing rapidity, while great science was displayed by some in guiding their own sleighs and upsetting those of their neigh bours. Down they flew with their laughing, shouting, screaming freight, and boisterous was the mirth as any one more heavily laden than another was dexterously tipped up and the crew pitched into the snow, neck and crop. . Ah me J Those merry Christmas times in old Ireland— how happy we were when the long expected day came at last. How we enjoyed the tumbles on the ice, and the merry pelting of snow- balls. We look back to them wistfully, thinking there are no such sports now- a=days ; but the sports may be there still, we can never enjoy them again, we want the 'heart free from care' that made them so pleasant. The world flings its cold mantle of sorrow upon us as age comes on and we are so chilled by its contact, so enveloped in its dreary folds, that there is little admittance to our hearts for the careless, unsel fish joy that once filled them. But the merry sports must cease, for the sun will go down and darkness come apace even on Christmas day. There is no silver plate, ostentatiously dis played, on the table in Mary's parlour, it does not ' groan under the luxuries of the season,' but there is a rare fat goose of Mary's own breeding, that nearly hides Father John, sitting in the post of honour at the head of the table, and there are dishes of 'mealy potatoes' and bacon and beef and other edibles that will resist sturdy attacks from those who are now sitting round, ready for the onslaught. There are no wines expensive or inexpensive, but there are jugs of foaming ale, and there are many sturdy black bottles that, as they are opened, exhale an odour, delicious to the nostrils of your true Irishmen, your admirer of a real good glass of- whiskey, punch. 'That's the rale stuff and '''no mis'taTfe'~says Paddy Moore as he takes ' a wee drop, could' ' faith that never saw the face of a guager, the crathur.' 'Thrue fer you, Paddy, avic, its Neal Connor that drew that off, himself and the divil resave a purtier hand at stillin the rale stuff than that Bame Neal' so answers old Rody Cane, who had drunk too much potheen in his life to be easily mistaken in his judgment on it. He could guage the strength of it to half a degree by the mere taste, and it Wats very rare that he had recourse to the old method of testing the strength of the liquor, by dipping a finger in it and then holding it over the flame of the candle, judging its potency by the length of time it blazed. Father John said grace, and the great work of carving being over, for a time all, even the women were silent, but the victuals diminished rapidly ; ind plates that had presented the appearance of pyramids a moment ago were rapidly cleared of :heir contents, for remember, reader, that you were forced at that time to eat, it was no use lenying the hospitable insistance of the host and lostess, your friendship for the family was judged )f by the quantity you ate. The solid part of the neal over or partially so, many a hearty health ffas given, and drunk, not with grand speeches, )ut with simple earnestness that went home to :he heart. His reverence was not forgotten, but nany a heartfelt, 'Here's your health Father, and ong may you live with us ' was addressed to him luring the course of the night. He himself drank ;he health of Brian and Mary and the young Mary n the cradle, and ' no one,' he said ' had a better ight to do it for didn't he christen the pair of ' hem, hadn't he heard their first confession, and i ladn't he married them, and he hoped he'd marry nany another like them to be as good and as ' lappy as they were, and now hadn't he that day 1 christened their first baby, and may be be might I narry her yet before he died, any- way when he - lied he hoped they would all be as obedient to i whoever would come after him, as to himself, and - hat they would not shame their old friend and ' iarish priest.' This, elicited many a tear and 1 igh from the old people, the old women especially 1 rere loud in their exclamations of grief and '-? obbing cries of, ] ' Och your reverence, shure we'll never get i notber like yourself, and how could we do with- i ut you, shure a stranger wouldn't know our rays like yourself and might be shtiff and proud I rith us.' i Those who were oldest were loudest in their cries, i orgetting poor creatures, that their time on earth j was likely to be shorter than that of the hale and hearty man who addressed them. The damp that this little touch of sensibility threw over the party soon wore away under the enlivening influence of the whiskey punch, and songs were sung, the female portion xBor'^^^ much persuasion as is usual with them, esnr hoarse with a bad could' and not being able to sing a note, just like the more fashionable of their sex, for dear creatures ! they are all fond of a little coaxing and a little pressing. After all since the little darlings like it, why not gratify them? It does no one any harm. (We hope that will tell well with our lady readers.) And then, the dinner over, the old people drew near the fire, which blazed and crackled on the broad hearth, and old stories were told over the pipe of peace and the jovial glass. Let them talk as they like, a glass of hot whiskey punch, on a cold Christmas night, by a cheerful fire, and apipe, that draws freely, filled with good Lime rick twist, are great soothers of sorrow, great heart-openers. These chatty grandfathers brought up old times and told wonderful stories of the days when they were young, and warmed up with youthful spirit as the fire blazed cheerily and the joy-giving glass went round. From the kitchen, the boisterous mirth of the young men and girls came every now and then, telling thatyoung hearts were there, making merry with Christmas games. And happy were they all — no need for the blazing fire here to warm the blood, and cheat them into enthusiasm; years had not chilled them yet and their blood flowed freely on the generous blood of youth, while the fair heads dreamt neither of evil or sorrow. Play on, merry youths and maidens, laugh on, sorrow and grief, care and trouble will come soon enough to freeze your youthful spirits —laugh on, the hard, cold world is shut out from you yet, as the biting frost of Christmas is shut out by the sturdy walls, and blazing fire on the hearth — laugh on — may the fire of youth ful innocence long shut out the frosts and snow of wordliness from your pure hearts. Will mothers ever forgive us ? as we live, ws forgot the baby ! But how can a poor bachelor like us describe that little lump of— we mean that rosey posey little cherub, with its mouth like a rose-bud and its chubby cheeks and— and bah — ask any young mother what her baby is like and she will describe it a hundred thousand times' better ; and when ytfu have heard her description, apply it to Mary's' baby, for we can never dis tinguish one from another, they are all perfectly alike to us. But if we have forgotten the baby the assembled mothers were not like us. They had gathered round the cradle where it held its levee, and they discoursed learnedly on the various ills that babyhood is liable to, and they gave sovereign remedies for every species of malady. And as we are a sinner, we heard them find out in that shapeless little mass the most striking resemblance to some one or other ! Our conscience felt easier, though, when we had listened for a time, for each one found out a likeness totally different from another. But a storm is rising and it is growing late, and cothamores are hunted up, and the priest's horse is brought to the door, and all depart with many a shake hands and many a heartfelt ' good night and God bless ye.' Yes, a storm is rising, coming up fast and furious, as Brian and Mary sit by the blazing fire, she with her head on his manly breast, he with his stout arm around her yielding waist, as if to protect her from the coming storm. Still the fire blazes cheerfully on the hearth, as they sit unheeding, but the storm comes on apace, the wind moans fitfully in the old chimney, or complains drearily in the neighbouring tree- tops. They are very happy as they gaze from the pleasant blaze into each others eyes and chat over the events of the day, but the storm still rises and the hail begins to patter against the window-panes. And the fire blazes, oh, so cheerfully within, and they are happy as they look upon their first-born and see her already a beautiful young maiden, the pride of the parish as she trips to chapel on the blessed Sunday morning, they see her grown up and married, and they see another Christmas in the same old house with little Mary a mother herself, and they hear ittle voices calling them granda and granny ; but ;he wind still rises and groans louder and louder ind the hail batters fiercely at the window janes, like a demon envious of the peace and joy within, anxious to destroy such comfort, in which t cannot participate. 'Mary alanna, are you very, very happy, aad you ivir a minits sorrow since we were married, hav I ivir been cross to you, f I hav, darlin, you must forget and forgive, for you know I did'nt mane it, don't ???? '?{ I you know that, Mary, don't you know I'd teat ; out my tongue if I thought it would vex you.' ' Brian achree, what makes you talk like that,1 i shure I niver looked unhappy, shure Brian my darlin husband, you have made me as happy as the day was long, and if I was not spaking just then, I was thinking how good you wer to me always, an I was thinkin, astbore machree, what I could do just to shew you how I love you, my own darlin husban'— ' It needs no shewin, Mary agra, for I knovi it well, but I wanted this blessed Christmas nigh*, jist to tell ye that if iver I spoke cross to you, it was whin I wasn't thinking of meself.' ' You never did, Brian darlin, but Lord ba between us and harm, how the storm's risin, did you hear that' as a blast howled more fearfully over the cottage. ' Don't fear, Mary, it can't blow down the euldi house and the could won't come in here, but it's gettin late, and we'll say our prayers and go to bed.*' ' The Lord be merciful to all poor crathers that havent got a roof to shelter thim, this bitter night, its we that ought to be thankful to Him, praise be to His holy Name, for the warm house we -hav over our heads.' And they slept the sweet, calm sleep of the) innocent, but the storm raged furiously without ; with wild uproar it tore over the mountain tops, headlong it rushed through the valleys, howling dismally at its impotency to destroy all obstacles, fiercely it swept over the cottage— that wild storm —and far in the distance, the mighty ocean waves leaped and struggled to leave their vast home, as the maddened storm lashed them again and again in its maniac rage. Still peacefully they slept, but the storm tore, on and it came back again and again to the cottage where they slept, and it wrestled fiercely with the old Irish oak that grew before tha cottage, whose roots had sunk down in the soil, deep, deep in the generous Irish Soil, that old oak that was as it were an emblem of Brian's family, in the grandeur of its simplicity, the storm fought impetuously with it, and again and again attacked it— sweeping over mountain and hill and rushing through valleys jt came again, that vengeful, ruthless storm, aud tore and tugged at the. Irish ? f' oak with its strong roots deep in the Irish soil, and it grappled with it in a deadly hug, and it strained and howled, and at last with the might of a hundred giants, it seized on that brave old oak and tore it up, roots and all, and hurled it afar on the cold, snow- covered ground— and Christmas, the first was past and gone— # Christmas, the Second. ^ Hard times in Ireland— famine in Ireland—' bitter want at all the cottage hearths in Ireland —thousands dead by the snow-covered waysides of Ireland — dead by starvation ! And it is Christmas day again— In the country chapel, once crowded with wor shippers, well-to-do, a few miserable half-dad beings huddled shiveringly together, as they pray, while the old priest says the mass ; suffering more than years has silvered his hair, bent the form and worn him to a shadow of his former self. His voice sounds mournfully in the almost deserted chapel, as in grief, he prays for his starving flock. They crowd around him as he leaves the church, not to seek aid for they know full well, that ha has none to give them ; but they come to him foe some words of simple comfort. Poor Priest! doomed to see them perish, without the possibility of aiding them. And the cottage of Brian and Mary, that was so cosy mid the frost and snow of that Christmas, when we saw it last ? Alas ! four blackened walls alone remain to tell where it once stood in the warmth of its homely happiness. There is no fire on the once cheerful hearth, no warm words oC welcome to the priest as he walks up, nothing but silence, nothing but cold, nothing but gloom on this blessed Christmas day, and a bitter tear rolls down the old priest's cheek as he looks upon the ruin before him, The storm had uprooted the ' oak. Some rafters; and branches had been laid against one of . the 'sidrwalls of the house, and covered with sods and straw, underneath which the priest entered, and.Maiy was before him, with four young children clinging around her, but not ^% the Mary of Christmas, ten years ago; famine /||| had dealt hardly, with her, and the pinched, pale '-fl faces of her children, their ragged clothes and '-''' shrivelled bodies, and wearily anxious looks told a tale of misery that needed no'words of confir mation. ' Well, Mary, my child, are you any better, has the fever left you, Where's Brian?'* 'He's gone, Father John, to]lookjfor some thing to ate lot these poor wains, the Lord look down on them, poor things— the favor, och it will .-tfertoe me till it laves me in me grave, and abate I'd be bettber there than here, seem them Mn before me face, but the Lord's will be done, -awtter for us all to be dead and at pace, shure .^here's no hunger in the grave'' V' Don't talk like that, Mary, we must bear -?^?ith what God sends us, and we must wait pa Gently till he sends for us.' , ??????Is it patience ye talk of and me children At'in before me,' said the rough voice of Brian as -3ie entered! the hovel, looking gaunt and famine ' * ': *tri«ken, 'Patience, indeed, and the bitter hunger \- atin away at our hearts, and the could freezin us, and us starvin— oh t May the curse of God— ' ? « Silence, Brian, silence. I held you in my :arms when you were a weeny, crying baby, I've ^patched over youthen you were growing up,. -you've been as a son to me, who had no kith or Lkin of my own, silence then, and let me not hear -you calling the curse of your Redeemer en any Jone, do you forget what he suffered, and do you ,ioo6r sinful worm call down his vengeance on any .^ne, oh, Brian, Brinn, is this what all my teaching, . ^11 my praying for you has come to ? 'Oh, but it's hard to bear, Father John, it's hard to bear, I wouldn't sorry for meself, but my children, Father, my children.' ' ' « The Lord loves these little ones, Brian, and .ibeir glory will be brighter in Heaven, but come 1 ..with me and we will see if there is a mouthful for . ihern at home.' ^Before they left poor Mary called them to where a young child, her little Annie, was stretched in -4he most sheltered corner. She, herself, sat close Ao her little one, whose poor, thin, aged-looking \- . 4ace gave evident signs that.the spirit within the . , ' -fcail body was fast waning away. The priest prayed over it for some time, sorrowing for the sufferings, it was doomed to bear, in its brief -passage through life. Yes, poor little Annie, there will soon be a vacant place in the fond mother's heart, that little wasted form, will be ihere many and many a day, and neither time nor distance will make it dim or cause it to fade. It will pass before the Father's face in after years, making it thoughtful and sad in many a gay scene and happy hour. Pass away to Heaven, .little Annie, your mother prays for it, but her ..heart is dark with grief, as she thinks you soon will be laid low in the cold, frozen, lonesome .grave. The priest has shared his humble provisions \- 'with Brian, sent him back to his starving family, . - . -with something to stay the pangs of hunger, and ?aow be sits alone in his little barely furnished '' loom, his face covered with his hands. 'Yes, I'll do it' he said, starting up, and putting on his hat, *' I'll do it, they've worked Jhard at their farm, and made it ten times better, than when they entered on it, yes, I'll do it, and lie can but refuse, but if the landlord himself were ...here, he would not see them put out and dying, -they say, Australia is a fine place, then let them go, I'd rather see them depart, than die before me, yes, he may pay their passage to Australia.' .He was going to appeal to the agent for the estate, on -which Brian and his family had held their farm for years.' Ushered into a luxurious drawing room, he ex . posed his case, and asked the agent to send them .$« a land where no famine could pursue them. '* I cannot do it' said tbe stem and coldhearted man ' Starving, you say, I cannot belp that, we -cannot keep paupers on the estate, sorry for them, and children too, why did they marry, what light have beggars like them to marry ? we are not bound to take charge of their brats' 4i They worked hard and paid their rent until' — ?? Oh, of course, priest, of course they did all that until, but you see they do not do so now, and did not for some time before they were ejected, .besides I want that farm for pasture land.' ' Are beasts to be put before God's creatures ?' ?6t I have nothing to do with that, had they paid .- - their rent, I might have let them stay for some time, but they could not pay their last quarttr and . there was less likelihood of them paying the next. No, I can do nothing for them, there are too many paupers on the estate, let them go to the workhouse.' 'It is full.' 'I cannot help that, I pay my rates, heavy auougti they are, they must do as they can. Good ? - -day.' And Father John left, weighed down with a greater load of sorrow than before. As he walked along, his. face bent towards the ground, he either .did not bear or did not notice the sound of a . .. Worse's footsteps that rapidly approached, nor did he lift his head until a hearty voice called out -to him ; ?'? Hallo, Father John, are you walking in your sleep? a merry Christmas to you, how do -you do?' -'? Why,. Mr. Daly, well 'tis God sends you, I amlieartily glad to see you, for I know you will save them.' ' Come, come that will not do, Father John, at your old tricks again, I've got no money, not a penny, no, no, not a penny, eome, what's wrong a»w? ? - Father John told his sorrowful story. 1 ' Ah— what— God bless my. soul — starving, % «h— on Christmas too, starving, God bless my ?»oul, starving— eh— too bad, too bad, too bad, on , Christmas day toi? — that will never do, come on ' I'll Bend them down wine and things, eb — they \- must leave that place, starving oa Christmas day, here's my purse— eh— God bless my soul and my rascally agent refused yo\u any help — too bad.' , - Mr. Daly, like many another Irish- landlord, ?knew little of what was passing on his estate; he left it all to the management of an agent, but \, . ; ? , his heart was in the right/place, and distress ' would not go unrelieved when he heard of it. Brian and Mary were removed, with their chil dren to an outhouse, and food was given them in p!entyf and blankets and a fire brought some warmth to their bodies, but there was a deadly cold at their hearts, for the child they loved, more even now when it was going away, was nearing, nearing that moment so fearful to all. Its pale face was turned towards the mother as it lay on her breast, while a little thin hand was lying on Brian's gaunt cheek as he knelt humbly beside it. She laid it gently down, and covered her head with her apron — while Brian walked quietly out te the door telling the children, in a husky voice, to be quiet, for. their little sister was gone to Heaven. It was gone to the abode of the angels, where there is neither hunger nor thirst, nor sorrow, nor grieving. : % , The star of Bethlehem shines out clear on this Christmas night, but there is weeping within, the moon gives her radiant light, but there is darkness within, a heavy cloud over the hearts of Brian and Mary — And Christmas the second is with the things that have been— * * * * * .'* * # * * # * A noble ship, her sails all set, and drawing freely, a family group leaning on the bulwarks and watching, watching ob, so intently watching the long line of coast that is rapidly growing dim mer and dimmer. Is it the coastitself that is grow ing dimmer, or is it that their eyes are filled with tears? Brian, Mary, and three children, the fourth sleeps under a little grassy rpound in the quiet CLurchyard in Ireland, and ob, but the mother's heart yearns wistfully for that little grave ! And Father John, sorrowful too, very sorrowful and lonely — ' And now, my children, I've come as far as I can, here's tbe pilot- boat going back, don't forget your God and your country in that far off land you*re going to, remember your religion and the poor old chapel at home and don't disgrace your Irish name, and may the Almighty God bless and protect you,' they knelt before him, as he ex tended his trembling bands above their heads and lifted his streaming eyes to Heaven in silent prayer. Bitterly they weep and broken words of love and gratitude, sobbing tokens of true aff ection fall mournfully on his ears as he hastens over the side of the ship. From the pilot-boat he gives them one long look, one wave of his hand and then sitting down covers his face, and looks not up again, and tbe hardy pilots respect his grief. — The evening comes on fast, tbe gathering clouds of night rise murkily and gloomily in the east, and still Brian and Mary gaze in the same direction — twilight, the long lingering twilight of the northern clime passes away, and still Brian and Mary gaze towards the point, where the priest and Ireland had disap peared. Darkness comes on, thick darkness, and veils all things, but still they remain at their post, these lone gazers on the past. The moon rises and still they are there, at the bulwarks, gazing oh ! so wearily and lonelily. Watch on, sorrowing, mourning, broken hearts ! never oh ! never again shall you see dear Ireland more. ' Brian, alannah ! we shall meet them ail in Heaven, again.' And a sailor 'passing shortly afterwards re marked bow that part of the bulwarks, on which they leant, was wet, though no dew nor rain had fallen. * * * * * # Christmas the Third. ' And you call this Christmas weather do you, Brian ?' ' Yes, my boy, and glorious weather too, for the season.' 'Why its blazing, blistering hot, its no weatber at all, its nothing but sun and beat, heat ! its molten lead that's cod-i ing down on my poor cranium. I tell you, Brian, I feel my brain boiling, I hear it bubbling now, I expect to see the steam coming out of nose, or mouth directly, I'm melting away, in two or three days there will be nothing of me left — you will be able to bottle me up, and label it ' essence of a good fellow, melted away by an Australian Christmas sun.' ' You will soon be accustomed to it, don't fear, and bear it as coolly as I do.' ' For Heaven sake dont speak of coolness, it will drive me mad, to think of ice and snow and dilicious frost when a fellow is being roasted to death.' This conversation took place between our old friend Brian and your humble servant, dear reader, who was a new chum then, and was being driven, in an American buggy, drawn by two spanking greys to Brian's own home to pass the Christmas with him, and to see his wife and family. (This was my first visit to Brian, who had come down to meet me in Sydney, where I arrived just two years ago.) But Brian of to day was not the same as we saw him last, true, some thirteen years had passed, but age had made him look younger, age or prosperity, pro bably the latter. He told me as we drove along, how hard Mary and he had worked when they came here first, how they saved some money, how the gold fever broke out, he bad gone to the first diggings, had done well, came back, and in vested in land and sheep, when sheep and cattle were to be had for the asking, and. how, by hard work and energy, he bad continued steadily to prosper ever since. ? We soon approached a spacious house, with large cool looking verandahs all round it, at the door a comely Woman was looking at us, sur rounded by three young ladies and two handsome, manly-looking young fellows. ?' There she is, there's Mary and the children' sai,d Brian, and he gave the horses a smart cut of the whip that quickened their pace to a gallop. A tear was in Mary's eye as she warmly welcomed me to New South Wales and to her, own house ; was she thinking of the little grave in the lone churchyard of Ireland? I was intro duced to little Mary, little no longer, but a beautiful young lady, and to Annie, (there was another Annie), in whose keeping I .immediately placed my heart, but whom I shall not describe ; for I cannot do it without becoming rapturous and perhaps nonsensical. But Christmas day it was, and though I could not believe it, yet we kept it as Christmas ought to be kept. I cannot even! yet ba convinced that Christmas is possible with out snow, and an Australian Christmas to me is a myth, or at least a miserable impostor, no re lation at all to that jolly old fellow we knew by the name at home. He may do very well for the Australians, who.don't know the real, original Christmas, but he won't go down with us. How he would get snow-balled if he tried his little game on at home ! How we spent tbe Christmas at Brian's ? well there was a large party, a first-rate dinner, with all the et ceteras and there was dancing afterwards, and flirting in the verandah, a great deal of the latter indeed, too much of it, I thought, between Annie and some one else ; and then supper and some toasts, and one to old Ireland, and to. absent friends, at which Brian and Mary looked grave; for many of those they had left behind them will never see Christmas on earth ; Father John sleeps peacefully besides little Annie's grave, he went to rest with calm joy, for bis flock were prosperous again and misery had departed, for a time at least. And after supper more dancing and more flirting, many plans for the morrow— then good nights — And Christmas the third went to join the ghosts of his brethren, eighteen hundred and sixty one in number, who had gone before him, some happy, some sorrowful, but all, we trust, having done some good in opening the hearts of the rich to the sorrows of the poor, in rendering mortals whom they visit better and more disposed to give glory to God on high, and to live in that peace on earth which is promised to men of good will. * * * # * I met Brian yesterday, as I was leaving tbe office of this journal, looking hale and hearty. ' Hallo, why I declare it's Brian himself as large as life, who'd have dream't of seeing you here, what brought you to Sydney, and how are you.' '? Well,, first- rate, my son, never better in my life, and I've come to Sydney with Mary, who's going to be married and to ask you down to the wedding and to spend Christmas with us, and about a bit of land I've bought down near the old place' (Brian's modesf, I happen to have found out since, that his bit of land is 850 acres of the richest in the district and he paid a famous price for it, cash down too.) ' And,' continued Brian, 'as I'm here near your oiiice, I'll step in and pay a year's subscription in advance to the Freeman' (mark that ! oh, ye subscribers ! who never pay without six months hard dunning, mark that and say don t Brian deserve to prosper ?) Of course the writer of this accepted the invita tion with exuberant joy, for he had begun to pprehend a very dull Christmas time, and of course the worthy, generous, talented, magnani mous* proprietor of this journal in giving him leave of absence, added thereunto a Christmas box of— (but I wont say how much, for he does not like his good deeds to be talked of— like all great minds.) What remains for us now but to wish all our readers the usual compliments of this season ; we have not got the frost and snow and the blazing tarf fires of Ireland, that made Christmas so jolly, long ago; the roast beef groans with the heat and the plum-pudding is in a profuse perspiration. The flames of snap-dragon are extinguished by the fiercer flames of tbe sun, and all are languid. But Christmas is Christmas still, a time of ' peace and good will,' a time of thanksgiving, a time of good wishes. And, we, following the good old custom, we wish to all our bachelor friends a wife like Brian's daughter, and to the sweet, the angelic, the dear ladies, the darlings, we wish ..them just such another fine fellow as ourself for a lover and a husband, to all our friends and readers (synony mous terms), to all we wish from our heart of hearts, a merry, merry Christmas and a HAPPY NEW YEAR. 