...ENGLISH EXTRACTS. '-." . (FBOM THEHOMB NEWS.) . . ;"' ^ , The following e^aordiuary document >is a literal translation iof an address, referred'^ to above, beveral' copiles'of -which were found on the Roskolnjks aud ..Russian, soldiers, who had W been £aken prisoners bythe' insurgents ih'Iivmiia. THE SECRET WILL OF THE CZAB. We declare to the whole nation that it is the will of/the'Czar'that all Catholics, beginning with the masters and all the nobility* and ending with the peasants, are to^ be exterminated,, in "return for wh"icli~their"lands and all their property, will beiong to those who sharpen their Jtoyes, sgthes,. and jfitchete. En^nrage ,.ths. peopleto massacr&set; to work, all of you, and. yoii will tie rich.' {The Giar will make you gen-~ tlemenahA Ruwanwraemen through gratitnde, and tbe priests will confirm you in your inten tious, for such is the wil^of God 'The patriotism of aU Russians, our true fcilfc, and all true believers call upon you to exterminate all the Catholics to a man, aud we, by the power.of the Church, bless you for this holy cause, and order you to ruse your spirits With brandy in order to exterminate the servants of Satan, and rid the world-of the ebemies of God. God, the Church, and the Czar command you! : A~ Hampshire newspaper'throws a little light upon the way burglaries are managed in rural districts.A jnember,',ifrth^~ fejvell-mo'b .was arrested in London, iuid on««irc));hg liis person there was found/upon him a letter, d*tea from Newtown'-park, near -Lymiugtnn, information that theffimiiy wonld very shwtfy be away, and descftbing'the doora, the approaches, the varioos rooms, the ways in and ont, the plate;and its cbests, and evetythirur that oodd fcici]Litatc .»h:it is, in l he police world, known (is a " f»ut-up'' bursrliiry. Had it not been for this timely discovery the town would have been snme morning alarmed by a bold $nd successful exploit : 'flie valuables would halve fcgen feafely r, tupved, and,, after a nine - days* wonder, the whole would have passed by, perhaps leaving itolyia s^piciontinsoinebf tbVdntlying rangers <>f Norley Wooii. , As it is, .however, we were astonished at hearing that adetective and others of the- police had come down and arrested no less a person than the butler of the above mailsion, -whose name was ^tacbed to this re^iaiikable letter. '-••-•»-'*-••• The Nord contains tbe following account bf an approaching ball in Pari-t, at which a serious innovation is to be made iu the present style iof evening dress:—" The ball at the Hotel Talleyrand Began, at which the Parisian aristocracy is to assemble, is much spoken of. - It is positive" that gentlemen will not be admitted except in coats and breeches of varied colored talks. It will be a real fete of the last -century, aud will evidently be much more eleeant than the mass of coats deplorably black. It is incontestable that the custom of .wearing .mourning-color at festivals is not decidedly pleasant to the eye;" A Naples letter mentions a curious dilemma which recently occurred to the inmates of a oon- •seot»in -that -city.-- -A-Frenchwoman -named Mener had made an «scent in a balloon, which, after floating for some rime in the air, alighted on a building inhabited by a considerable number of nuns. The embarrassment in the fold was Extreme. Shoold they go to the assistance of. the -person in the balloon nr not % It might contain a man • This -was a case not forseen . by the canon law. After deliberataoDvtbei sisters came to the conclusion that they migbt risk themselves, and with their faces oonoealed iu their veils, they helped down their aerial visitor, and let her out of the convent gates, promising jtos®wi her galloon after her.-' " • "-^Tnere -is^no doubt that Tecrniting is carried On extensively in the south for the .Federal army." A'correspondence in tiieVbrk'Examiner shows that 'Several American gentlemen of milifeafigpert had.been going, about that county onenrig y.tuhg m m » paasage" t^ Am erica &r; 3d, with-the oertaintyof continuous and remunerative' employment 'from the moment jof. their landing. It is affirmed that several hundred young men have accepted-these terms, and gone the United States. The Bants Advrtiser states that an earthent vessel, containing nearly 300 ancient silver and coppcr coins, has been dug up in a field at Farringford, the seat of Mr. Alfred Tennyson, the fkiet laureate. An event, disgraoefiil in character, bat romantic in details, has just occurred in the neighborhood of Alcester, near Birmingham. A young Nonconformist minister lodged at a respectable house, where the fkmSy consisted of only husband and wife. The husband's occupation obliged him" to be absent from home a great part of the day, and the young minister was left to enjoy much of his landlady's company. At length the." green-eyed monster '* .*was aroused in the husband. -Before many days had passed a breaking np of home was the result. The wife was .publicly "cried" by th& town crier, and the supposition is that other proceedings inay.'uttimately.betakeuJ> .' .. Strange as it may apjiear, after all that has passed;MfciW. IV Windham liasfmadfekup" with his wife, who went down to Norwich to hy the effect of he£ fascinations npon him. The issue directed to be tried:hy oralisvideuee before Sirt?. CressweirwSl probably therefore be now pvaded on the ground of condonation. ., A bill for"-whipping'garotfers has 'passed through committee tn-the House of Commons. There wasfan episode about theMnd <if "cat"- that was to be used, which produced more laughter from tbe House than we suspect it will from the jgaootteEB vthtna, it iis tw. be applied by-and-by. A oorrespoudant of an American paper, gives the ,fo|lo«ring sketch of President Lino^lif-.—I saw.him suddenly emerge from his private room and walk excitedly into another apartment Never was I so astonished in the man. Three years ago I knew" him to be a tall, straight, and well-proportioned. Now he- burst through the door. a careworn old man—his body bent forward, his, face paUid, and, .in ^>Iace of the stately appearance h"e might be supposed to make, he' shnffied along, swinging his arms backward *ud forward. "'Oh, what a change was there ! Stopping short at his door, as .he was returning, he seemed greatly perplexed, and. turning about, he exclaimed, "I said 1 .would, see no more geutlemen to day," and closed the door with some noise. < . ' . The morning papers of May 6 contain the foil text of tbe Bussian reply to Earl Russell's appeal on behalf of Poland: The document was was issued by the Foreign-office. The Moniteur likewise publishes the answer to the Frendb note, which it pronounces to be conciliatory in its character. The reply to England is much the more fnll andLezplicit, It consents to enter upon a discussiou regarding the engagements of 1£15, in which it admits the , interest of the Western Powers, and of course it .professes the best intentions and the warmest wishes for peace in Poland. But the tenor-of the notsdoes not appta^'to «s verycnc<iuraging. There is a great deal of implied censure upon European governments, on the gronnd that their toleration of a revolutionary propaganda has led to the very disturHahces whitdi they now call on Russia to appease. The tone of the note is in great measure one of eabdued'bntnot concealed bitterness. The oldest of Italian patriots^IJHS venerable Ruggiero Settamo, has JuBt died scMalta. This eminent man was President of the Government of Sicily in 1848. . . . The Ott Deutsche Pod oonbSus the following: —" The Eaipress of Avstaia^akes lessons in the Hungarian language daily from l^rufossor Homoky. Her majesty is Bo'feod of this laugukgefnf*B"^lWsaiily?afcenTHto-her servi^a femme de-cha&bre;, a. native of the district of Raab, who speaks-nothing bnt Hungarian." ^ Tbe AmeriCTi ipapera record flie deUh of George Long Duyckinck. . He was the author of a biography of Geoige Herbert, and was joint author-with his brother of " The Cyclopaedia of American Literature." : ; >In Canada West people are loading ice'for {Cincinnati, to gp-by the.lakes to Cleveland, and jthence by rail or-cgjial This is an entirely new brauch jof trade, created Uy the mildness of the ' During the representation of the Taste de The at the theatre of Nancy (Menrthe), Mdlle. Ducroisy, who performed the part of tbe baroness, approached too near the footlights, and her dress coming in contact with the gas, was instantly in a blaae. Fortunately, by tbe prompt assistance of - the persons near,-the-fire' was 'put nut, and the injuries she sustained were not dangerous. —Somebodywysthatihe leader ofher Majesty's Opposition made a very neat repartee the other night, and one knows nobody more likely to' o immit such an act - A nobleman coming out of the House of Lords met Mr. DiBraeli, and said, " How very dull you fellows Bre in the House of- Commons.' You^noctfind it awfully slow." ""Why, yes," replied'Mr. iMsraeli, mildly, " I was really thinking, only the other day, that one mght altnost as ^ell be a Peer." •'" A oontempoiary Journal gives us a' graphic sketoh of the Marquis of Narmml^ apnpn of his reoent *>8ortp inj^rii^ment on beihalfof Mr. Bifhop. > The Granger in tbe House f t Lords always wauts' to know,'says our contemporary,, the same of the juvenile fefderly gentleman who weais that yoiithfol wig/ialliiig into a gracoftil curl upon .his , His,dress is of continental-trim, baving"»nortii rig in 1 common with tbe free and easy^t^reedsand loose garments bf tbe-f^rslafruiM fihiiaJ He" is carefully and artisbcal ly nude up. His cheeks are of womanly smoothness. He might be an elderly peer who is " made«p "'to ptaytbe -part-at Claude Melnotte in*private tK&mfcals;, ahd who has called at the Jloufle,of Lcijds pn his way, to talk about Italy.! His/aatnrea Weat the tome what faded and stereotyped smile which is usually aoquired •in tfoe»ttuosp 1 bere of a oourt When this Adonis of-66 arises and hobbles -across the floor bf the House, the observer is inexpressibly showed to observe that -his, left arm hangs melees by Ins side, and that his left side is paralysed. In any otho- Jioinan rbeing this would surely be matter foniiMlhiyed pity Sand sym(utthy,yet the stranger experiences a revulsion of feeling, approaching to bi»rTOr, at the eight bf this "fency curl" upon the brow, this dilettanism of dress, this assumption of' an' elegant juvenility, and this seeming affectation'of being a " glass of fashion and* mould of form" tin the part of a goodhumored but elderly nobleman who has Jreoeived _oue~at least of the "three warnings ".of .the Great leveller. . This feeling, however, gives way to something of admiration for the pluck which leads him to-take up ail unpopular .cause and to'oppose his old friends the Whigs. A Frankfort journal states that the Principality of ! Lichterstein, the smallest sovereign State of the Germanic Confederation, containing only 6,900 inhabitants, after receiving a consti- tution last year, has just witnessed the establishment of an tiffidal $<mrnal, appearing once a fortnight As there is no printing office in the States the first number of the *Lichtenstein Gaaatte * was printed at Feldtirch, in' theTjrrol. The present representative of the family of Washington, is, as was the late John A. Washington, on the Southern si da H k natne is William T. Washington, remaikable asiactall man,; rrticent, <grave, very much; resembling the father of his country, and having a beautiful daughter,' also a Seixsksiomst. ' Some time ago statements were" made in three or four of the police courts in London in reference to proceedings of a must disgusting kind. - E^ one;means or another a f?Uow in the garb of a gentleman had succeeded in getting ont of varion& workhouses young women who were near thar eonfinement. Professedly, lie wished to engage them as wet nurses. Really, hejtook them tit low houses for improper purposes. Atfirsf no ctue~#as ob1ained b.y which tiie sconudrel could be traced. Subsequently, however; the police got upbii Ilk track, and on May 35 he- was brought up at Bow-street charged with the offences: He is described as (tossesBing a gentlemanly exterior. He refused, however, to give'his. -real.same -or address, although he was defended by a solicitor. One or twoof tto casesagainst lum were gone into, and finally 'he was remanded—tihe" magistrate expresssinif 'his intention to Commit lum for trial In each. An inquest has been held at Wakefield oh tbe body of William Smith, a convict, aged 33. Prisoner was sentenced in October last to three years' *penal servitude for stealing 'boots; and was received in Wakefield prison in November from the Chester City Gaol.. Being of a lajy disposition, he soon' began to afiect illness, with tbe view of esoaping work, and one morning he was found dead in his oell, having just hanged himself behind tbe door. The- facts disclosed led the jury to return the following "sagacious" verdict:—" Hanged himself; probably with tbe intention of being found by the wardefaaad obtaining relief from work and discipline." The admirers of sensation trials, and especiallj'the sympathisers with the interesting verton, will.be sorry to hear that, in all probability the' appeal bum thi Bcottish'court, affirming the validity of her marriage, will not be argned before the House of Lords this sesaon. The fair "pursuer*is ready tu bring her case before the last and highest of mundane tribunals, bat' the defender is not ready.' TUfe -gallant .major, has applied/or and obtained'an extension of time to prepare his caSe^ and'the probability is that: as the session is now half over, and as a good inany appeals are before the House, the lady is destined to remain for' -another year in her present equivocal position. A h AFTMWFFLP TO;TBEj3(7BBk—A respectably drea3fed"y0(nSigTnan-a -few days since presented himself before the magistrate at the "Mflriborougb-street police court, and said;—Sir,—I am sorry toeay that, in 1 a.nsment bf-excitement and irritation, I said something disparaging respecting 1 her 'Majesty. Now, ® s l fear that I may be deemed an enemy to my Queen and country, and not a loyal subject, I have come to express jmy^ regridt and -sorrcir. Mr. Enox W d he was>eiy'^ad to hear it I have also, said the applicant, to request that, besides apologising, I may be allowed to take -the oath of allegiaaee.".' -Mr: iKnox eiid S&e; applicant's declaration of his traret and apalogy was sufficient, and he hoped ne wits now a loyal subject The applicant, who eeemed much reiieved after making his statement, thanked the magjjjitrate and retired. "* •' ^ ; 1 •Hie Ctummttee of the Natkmal Oolonral Emigration Society, with other friends of- the'raeveinent, have hold confwences at various places, with especial reference to the existing wildspread distress in the manu&cturiug;^stricta. Resolutions in &vor; jbf emigration have been adopted^. • '•<"''-> S , ^ •f^'Puoniployed operatives of ; Manchpater hive formed themselves into a society for die purpose of .emigrating to Canada. In a few weeks 1000 persons have enrolled themselves on the books, and from the small pittance doled out weekly to them they subscribe all they can to the furtherance'(if their object '' Perhaps tbe most striking.suooess'that has been achieved this Easter is that of a spectral drama at the "Britannia Theatre! In this place Professor Pepper's decent .'discovery in optics is tvought into use npon the etage with truly terrific effect. Ghost dramas have always'been in favor with one class of theatre-goers, and it is no wonder .that they crowd to the' Britannia Ion the promise of being "ahowna "real" spectre. Perfect faith iB kept, aqd the result is, that the breathless-audience finds ProfeBsor T Pepper's "Uliost" almost too real—they "see the vifialu of the "piece: pate' his sword through and through the body of .the .spectre, and feel their hair rise as they observe theshadow'js lips move, and hear its ghastly laugh; and honest tenor robs their applause of not a Uttleof^T 5 5 ring. They know that they are loot," V r ail optical illusion ; but it is so reality that, for a while, i ^ ^ l e mastered. The honor of hawngjti vpm 0 t &- effect is claimed by Mr. Dfc&s;, who l tlle^S an ambiguity we have v ^ i y ^ ® y8 >»iai penetrate, "it is my invention, as adarlS ^ Professor Pepper for stage effect" MTTK ^ remarks on his own invention are ^ ^ enough. "My invention," he savs. arrangement for producing certain ^ M>h J f • sions, is calculated to supersede the 'twill * " " J 11 paratns hitherto employed; for wjJ^f,^ only produce a motionless viaoiuuvfil^ associate on the same stage a ph^tL"®^ hvmg actor, both differentin c ^ t m t ^ 8 both aoting in concert." Thus Hie show them as sitting at the same tabk '-? 1 ' same coaoh, opening the same cabinet K^T"' the same documents, and, what is^Jf"* seated in the same chair as te apoearh? 1 9 figure, yet seen one to arise out fflpXX? go through different peerfomianees." ofthe^pdctetoZ - ApriL The church was i T state, thousands'of Greeks and A W i l ? ^ present during all the previous nicht^TS formed all the offices of nature chnrch itsdf, and were kept in order ffiiT Turkish colonel with a long whip used mercilessly. Fights were inces.^t man was stabbed, and the scene whenX'uf iambean was lighted beggars degcrintinn T' ^ body had thirty-three^ * h ^ M ? cluster, and eveiybody lifted them two and a half minutes the blaane lLAtll 111 from floor to ^ t i U t h e b u i l d i n l X f ^ mass of flame. Everybody waUoieju^ divine . element Men bared their mT: , necks, aud breasts, and bathed themSM over. Women washed their faces and un»i, liquid flame, and passed it round u T ^ r their chUdren till the children shritbdirif They said the fire would not hurt,thodhh would burn, and they certainly actedjuSSJ, words were true. That it wonld ban ^ proved next day by a woman. whawadJ her child to the authorities with hiit¥ibe» out Odly the Chancellor to the Latin PUBL, declared that,by the blood of Sau Janaanns i! was an imposture. ; F AN IRBH BALLAD.—A ballad aesriE this morning ringing beneath^ window voice most unmusical jiimst uu-lauduiij.' Hj own name caught my ear, and I sent ITiotna out to buy the sons. Here isoneof tbestaaas:— Och, Dublin city, there's no. doifafia', Bates every city apon the say;: Tis there you'll hearO'Cunuell spoatin'; And Lady Morgan makin lay ; For 'tis the capital rift he finest nation, Wid charmin* pisautry on a fruitfalsoi Fighting like devils for conciliation, And haling each other for the low of God." —lady. Morgan!t Memoir*. A MAN'S FINQSS nearly BTI® on-B i ! Lousnrat—A few days ago Mr Coppar^fet. monger, of Lewes, had his finger nea^rbittai ! off by a lobster, it appears he was eoptjaiji paftoge he had received from London, jthes i lobster of about two pounds weight, ^wbt® daws had not been tied according to tbe^ruif of the trade; seiaed him by the secomtfibgef cf -the left handt and bit him with such iinx a to penetrate the flesh on each side to tbeWt Release was , only obtained by braikinj'thi claw completely o£ Mr Cbppard has snferci great pain from-tbewound, thehand boag^b very much inflamed.—Brighton Observer; REIIABEABLE: ESCAPE OF A MOTHER UD CHILD.—One day last week, as a woman ntned Stevenson,residing in a cottage ouSLjpbnV: Common, Burgess H5Mj Vnvs engagfd in-1st" household duties^ she was alarmed by fe screams ofher child, about two years old. lie woman instantly saw that the child had fella into .the well, and rushed to the rescue. It ii only a few feet down to the surface of thereto, which, however, is. seven feet deep, and th&p;^T woman, in her nfetern&l; anxiety to.save ha <£spring, threw herself head-fiirroostintotlic wfli, and caught bold of the. chjld as. it appea/cj > second tune at the surface of the voter. This was seen by a Mis. Harlan d. a neighbor, wto arrived just in time to catch tbe d->tbcs of ME Stevenson, as she caught hold of the child HOT the matter occurred after this tbe women sre unable to explain, bat the mother contrive! a hand up the child to her friend, after whitish fainted, and it waa only by main strength tbt she was got out. But aa soon as Mrs. Hsilami had disposed of the chili by tossing it am; from heron the dry groond, she gave her whelf ene*gie3. ta. the rescue of the mothec, vrbo «£ also saved. Had it not beeu for the presenaof mind shown by this, wunlan both, mother aid child must have lost their lives.—JbigMonib FtEE ANI> WILD BEASTS.—A letterfroa Stottgardt says s-"One night last week a destroetive fire broke out. in a house adjoining oar logical-garden. It was a horrible spectacle» see the fury of the animals, terrififd l^thcs^ of the tire, and by tbe extreme heat Nothing could exceed the rage of the ferocious wnats of the garden, particularly of the lions and fan. and in order to calm them the keepers wen obliged to' be constantly deluging them trim cold water. The milit&y; authorities sept a detachment ot riflemen, to lire onthe animals & case it should be found impossible to save them. Fortunately; that extremity was not found necessary, as the lire was extinguished.''—Eipns, March 31. . THR DIGESTION OR MKNIU. FOOD.—ID & amusing article upon the " Physicians and burgeons of a By-gone Generation," a foreign joarnal describes Abeniethy conversing thus with » certain. patient:—"1 -opine," said lie, "th»« more than half yoar illness arises from too muw reading." On my answering that my readiDc was chiefly history, which amused while it instructed,. he replied r "Tliat is no auswer to ®F objection, 1 .At your time of lile, a young feuov should eaSeavor tp lay in a stock of beftlth. Be sides, too much reading never yet made an man. It is not ao such the extent or auionoi of what we read that serves us, as wh.it ire assimilate and make our own. It is that, to 02 an illustration "borrowed from my proresaion that constitutes the chyle of the mind 1 h , always fouud that really indolent men, me" <; what I would call flabby intellects, are greti readers It is far easier to road than to reflect oc to observe: and these fellows, having learned to think, cram themselves m» the ideas oir the.wonis of others. This W fadl study, but it is not so. In my own P™*" sion, I , have observed that the greatest m® iwerenot the mere readers—but the men *" observed,-who reflected, who fairly thought ow an idea. To leam. to reflect and observe »» grand deaderatum for a young man. Hunter owed to his power of observation to» fine discrimination, that deep judgement to»' intnitiveness which he "possessed in a grea® degree than any of the surgeons of his time- ]AIMTJ—jffoBoiWa P&* and Ointm^-- No eruptions.—Cold winds, heated rooms, w disordered stomachs, display their deleters effects npon the human skin. Roughness, im» tion, eruptions about the mouth and nose, c™» lips, ana chapped hands; are readily enred by > application of Holloway's Ointment, which ren" the skin soft and healthy. This Ointment is best corrective of tGe fed spots, dry patcW', »".t irritable pimples, incident to tender s klBS • j saves aU the torments of »och afifectjons. »» wh spares their unsightly blemishes. , ® h ,1 al Lv's slight or questionable advantages. Holloin Ointment disagrees with the most sensitive s^ Ladies may use it with implicit confidence^^ will find it exercises a demulcent influence W" 1 operating as a thoroughly detergent agent. 