THE STATE OF THE COLONY, TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS Sir-There was a queer b yet K -'school to which I wish, who Lay old when on the subject of arithmetic. He could p ME all his schoolfellows by the rams he would treat them Scouting the rule that like should be added to or taken from Ilk-, he would not bushel men, hundredweights, miles, pent, house and acres together, and rejoice in Renewal' derment he thus created. The Hon. C. J Jenner, M.L.C., appears in have inherited the notions, if he- 9B now possess the wit of my old Schoefield, v was an industry quite painful he has collected from the station of the colony. host of futures; bus n add them up and -showered them; has justified Immigration stated Lancashire Relief Fund, imports--, ces! i f kara" vessels and capital of the banks, IM-, (seen from the total thus obtained the value of our exports; and has thus arrived at i], onclu sion that we are going forward at the rate of two millions and a half per annum. On what principle many of these items have been s Action!, it is hard to conceive; a year one cannot see why he did not include in <. charges for the preven- fit in of rest, and those for the safe custody of lunatics. The value of our imports, as declared at the Customs, is 213, 87,00.) ; add to. this the niltpodrida of miscellaneous values . 'Rich Mr Jenner farmer ite'P, and we have C i 253 000 Our exports are north only £I8,ii;i'> club; and this, according to Mr. Jenner, is a medicine proof that we are living £2,600,0 paper and Turn. Now, to anyone at all acquainted with the matter it is evident that Mr. J. nor has become alarmed at the old bugbear of mer- chants-the balance of trade. To !? - sure he exhibits it under a somewhat new, ! circum sta ices, but could Adam Smith made his appearance amongst us there can be his-- doubt of a: in Mr. Jenner's bogey he would recognise the identical ghost which he laid a century ago. Mr. Jenner calls our " imports-' or "ex hereditary-," and our '.'cxp-jrts" our income." Now if it be proper' to apply these terms to the commercial accounts and outning of a state, it seems to me that they should be just reversed. "Expenditure" being that in which a man sends out or pays aim , the exports of a state must represent its foreign expenditure; and income being that which c lines' is, or is loved by, a man, the imports of a state must form its income from abroad. And if m observe what actually takes place in the course of trade, we see that this is the only sense in which the terms in question can he applied to the foreign commerce of t colony. We receive annually from without f H colony goods to the value of £13,487 000. We have to pay for these) ROHAN, and to quote other payments b 'side?. How do we pay by our exports, I answer. If we do not pay > your exports, perhaps Mr. Jenner will show us how we do pay ; or, does' he ask us to b . eve that certain benevolent foreigners go without pay- ment persist in sending us goods to the value of £2,600,000 per annum without ever being paid atal? For ten years past the value of our imports has exceeded that of our export?. According to Mr. Jenner, this shows that we owe some one twenty-five millions of money. Perhaps he can explain how it is that payment of this debt is never demanded. But if Mr. Jenner's theory land, us in an absurdity when applied to Victor u, how will it (are if we test it by the' experience of other States? What has M'. Jenner to-day to the fact, that the imports of every country under the sun, whether cursed with post ction cr blessed with free trade, ore worth in a rain the country than the exports by which they are purchased? it does not matter where we take our example from- five-trading Y> stun or protectionist America, the result is always and everywhere the same. And, astounding as it may appear to Mr. Jenner, it is neverthe- less true, that if the imports of a country were not worth more than its exports, it would have to do without feluga trade altogether in which case, I e-uppo ex the small farmers of the Pro'eciionistswouldliTeached. If Mr, Jenner would notice cured by what he does himself when he wishes to make money by a foreign venture, it might assist him to a clearer understanding of the commercial transactions of the colony, Mr. Jenner, we will suppose, buys some- colonial produce for £1,000, enters it at HIL Customs as of that value, and ships it to find and or elsewhere. He receives a. consist ment of goods in return ; will be be satisfied if these goods are worth no more than £1,1.00 when they reach his hands'? Will how it expect them to be worth as much more as will pay for freight, insurance, c, on both shipments, and give him a profit besides ? If the' importation should be worth £1,250, war who say that he had lost 250 by the transaction ? He would have exported £1,000 worth of goods and imported £1,250 worth. This would be his contribution to the year's exports and imports. He would have done his part towards making the imports more valuable than the exports. Let him say whether the result would be a profit or a loss. Add to Mr. Jenner's transaction those of all other Vistorliiu merchants, and the imports of the colony are worth more at tiV custom houses that are the exports at the same place. Mr. Jenner can't persuade himself that in the case supposed he would have lost jE^éO ; and I fear he will not succeed in persuading any- one else that a profit multiplied many times, or many profits added together, cm amount to a loss. Stated, then, in its simplest form, this matter of imports and exports amounts to this that with exports worth rather more here than thirteen millions, we pay foreign liabilities to the extent of more than fifteen million?, the difference representing fancy the new gains of the colony by its foreign trade. ,,, For the deplorable state of things which Mr. Jenner pictures in his prosy Jeroauad, he recommends protection as the only wT""";: A free-trade policy is a policy for the benefit of foreigners, he says, and until we change that policy, things cannot improve. 1 votes tion will remedy all our grievances, and let us straight again. Now, it appears to me that the only remedy for our commercial depression is that which is slowly, but surely, working n cure. Reckless importation and over-trading are slowly being checked; extravagant expectations ona unreasonable demands, both on the part of capitalists and labourers, are being moderated ; men are relying more on their own energies and less on legislation ; the resources of the colony are gradually being developed, and time and experience are doing that for Victoria which time and experience alone can accomplish. , ... The most serious grievance under which the colony labours is one of which Mr. Mr. Jenner's letter is on illustration and proof. Victoria is afflicted with well-meaning but ill-informed men, who must have a fund in keeping God's universe going exist it shorn" get out of sorts. The design which is evident upon the face of the world has no charm for them. They can't endure that mutual de prudence and advantage should be the bona of states. They don't believe in the philosophy of him who sang as Knob claim needs what other climes produce, And then something to the general tBí. Unless they can interfere with, and foster, and regulate-and stifle trade, the wondrous plan of creation will prove a failure! In our fatherland there is some Bank that such men, and their schemes, shall DO comparatively harmless. A legislator, as a rule, must be an educated man, and the " no danger of anyone who could have written such a letter as Mr. Jenner's becoming a Minister of state. Here we have no soda guarantee. We have seen, and we do see such men, both in our Legislatures and incur Ministries; and in the person of thy son C J. Jenner, M.L.C.. we have a Pref s" /S a property qualification i PSGW foes no guard the doors of our I^W»«1'*T"^ against a believer in such a 0?°°*^« of stupid doctrine as that of the balance <" trade. , I am, Sir, yours, &C;'.mnAT,wn FREE-TRADE Nov. 13. A-MONUMENT is to be erected in America to the memory of Samuel Colt, of, revolver notoriety. ' - 