ST. BARNABAS' CHURCH. The foundation-stone of the addition to St. Barnabas Church, Parramatta- street, was laid yesterday afternoon, by the Hon. J. Campbell, M.L C. A large number of the parishioners and others interested in the object were assem bled to witness the ceremony. The addition now com menced will consist of an extension of the church south- ward for a length of thirty feet, making the church ninety feet in length. In the new elevation there will be a large central window with five lights; at one side of the eleva- tion there will be two buttresses finished with pinnacles, and on the other side a bell gable. The additional space will accommodate two hundred and fifty people. A por- tion of the ground between the church and Parramatta street has been secured, so as to give an entrance from that street instead of from Athlone-place, as at present A new porch is also to be added on tho east side of the church. The additions will cost about £1000, and are to be com peted in three months. The contract has been taken by Messrs. Phillips and Sons, the architect being Mr. W. Kemp Soon after threo o'clcck the Kev. Thomas fcuuth (the incumbent of fat. P.nmubtiB), the Dean of Sydnoy, the Rev. Caron "Walsh, Mr. Campbell, and other gentlemen pro- ceeded to tbe pround. Tne proceedings wore commenced with prayers and the reading of Scripture ; after which 'Ibu Rev. T. Smith read tho following address. TO THE HON. J. CAMPBELL, K8Q., M B.C. It, the name of the congregation of Sr. Barnabas, I have to re- quest you to luy the foundation stone of this the addition to our thurch, and at the same time to present j ou with a memento of ourregard.m the shape of this trow c1 and mallet. Wctrustyou will not measure our esteem by the insignificance of the monetary vnlucof ihe gift, but looic upon it as it really is-the expression of the love of the congregation of St Barnabas, for one who ha3 prov ed luniEtlf a friend in the time of need. Early in our history a« a church you made us fetl that you wero desirous of aiding in our work; when our church was enlarged by the addition of a Kallery you were appealed to, and not in vain ; when the Behool rotniB were built two years since you took the chair, and let mc saj, sour t4king the chair was" not the empty formal duty per foimed, and then all oi er-with you it meant oelping with jour money; when debt pressed upon us and threatened to obstruct our work you were there m the shape of a three hundred pound lift. When, therefore, the time had come for the enlargement of the church, the question was asked «ho shall lay the foundation stone, why the uniunal rceponsc was-he who ha» laid io many bricks and stones in the old build- ing. VVc ftel that not only to us, but to the Church of l.ngland throughout the colony, has your purse been open ; and if ever the history of our Church in this colony is written-the history of the Cjmpbi Ile inuBt be written too-your name is associated w ith the Church m all her work, in that noble pile which dignifica Church hill, in the sounding of those bells. '1 hese are mementoes of > our liberality; and when, through death, you w ill be absent in body from that earthly temple, you will be present in the remembrance of your dcedB of benevolence; and bo assured, honoured Sir, your name will not be forgotten here. The children of our paro- chial schools know jou as one of their best friends ; and this the addition lo our church has by the people been dignified by tbe becoming trlmquct of "Campell's tnd" rerponally, I have much to thank you for-when beset with dltflculties-when hatasstd by ihe want of moncv-I have invariably, though often unwillinglv, turned towards the wharf which bears vour mine, and, although I have often gone with-i diprcsbtd spirit and an empty exchequer, I can soy that I have returned inv.imbly with a rtplcnished exchequer, and a heart refreshed with your kind- ness Wai jou, bir, livelong to take apart in Ihe establishing of the Church of 1 ngland in this land, *iml mai the declining j steps of your well-spent life be sweetened b\ the consolation of I the love of Christ, so that, when the time of vour departure shall arrive, you may he found to have built upon the sure foundation, I and be joursclf a living ttono built upon the Apostles and Pro- phets, Jisu« Christ himsilf being ihe Chief Corner Stone. '1 be trowol, which was obtained from Mr Flavolle's, in George-street, WBB of silver, with ivoiy handle, and bora the iollowing inscription .-"Presonted to the Hon. John Campbell, Seq., M L C, by the parishioners, on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of the additions to St. Barnabas Church, Sydney, IitoimVtr 2nd, 1863." Ibu mallet was of myall wcmJ, with ivory mountings. The bottle deposited in the cavity contained copies of each of tho Bydney daily papers, also suvoral coins, including ono of the rtig-i of Elizabeth. T ho cuatomary ceremony having been porfo-ined, Mr. Campbell eaid, l'I dcolare this stone properly laid, in the nanoo of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Mr. Campbell then responded to the address. He said ho felt quite a novice in that kind of work, having never before had the honcur of la j ing a foundation stone. How- ever, in responding to the invitation of his friend Mr. Smith, he felt lbat he was only doing his duty. The foundation of the church itself had already been laid by the Bit-hop of Sydney, and all that ho had dons was to lay the foundation of the addition to the building He trusted that this addition would enable many persona to partake of the rues of the Chnrch of England in this parish who otherwise could not have obtained thom ; for he must say that no had never come to St. Bat nabas Church without finding gi eat difficulty in getting into it. It vvbb a noble work, to assist in ad- vancing the cause of religion. So great an improvement btid been effected in this part of Svduey, in consequence of the erection tf St. Barnabas church, that many would rcaiceh be able to recognise ihe place. He felt more than he could express, at the kindness of the parishioners, aB manifested in the address that Mr. Smith had just read ; bul he did not tnink he was entitled to the praisa bestowed on him, having only done the best he could as an individual. He also veined very much the handsome present they hud given him, but he had no one to hand it down to, being the last of his race. (Laughter.) He would, however, always esteem it as a memento of the good feeling evinced to- wards him roy the parishioners of St Barnabos, and ha thought ho should hereafter give it to their respected ¡n ceinkent. Ho found in the Scriptures that St. Barnabas was a rasa cf religion and of works ; and ne theucht he night eaj that their incumbent waa another St. Barnabae. Li, suid this honeitly, and not on account of what Mr, t-nithhadhaa the kindness to say about him. lhase were the kind of priests that we required-mon who did ttm dut* nndwbo practised solf-denial. Foritwasofno ute io pretend to advise people to take the right path, ULlets they at the same time did hil in their power to ttcurate them to tako it. lhere was no denjmg iiLjtbmg lhat such cltrgymen bb Mr. Smith asked ; tht j would not take a denial. (Lauuhter) The church thttwae to te erected hera would not bo a handeoms or nolle building, but it would answer all the purposes re- quired, and he trusted that it would be well filled. He was the more gratified with the present thej had given him from ihe fact of its having been contributed to by the thildren of the neighbourhood. He trusted that those children would, when they grew up, be sound members of the Church of England, and that the-, would value the Lilurgv. No one could fail to aiknówled^e the great íhange that Christianitj- had wrought in the world , and he trusted that such efforts as w« were now assembled to menge in would be extended and multiplied, until the day carne when the earth would be tilled with tho knowledge of thi Lord. (CheerB ) A bj mn wbs then sung ; after which 'Ihe LIAN of Sydnej-, at tho request of the rev. incum lent, addressed the assemblage Be had much pleasure in saving a few words, feeling a deep interest in tho objeot lhat had celled them together. He confessed that whvn a i bert time ago Mr. Smith came to him, and spoke about the ) r< posed enlargement of his Church, ho had v cry great mis ..lvings about the prudence and the propriety of tneproceed irg, because he did not sec exactly where the meana were to tom* trono, being aware that there was already a heavy ("ebt upon the church. However, Mr. Smith had told him that great efforts wero being made to get out cf debt, i ed further, that 60iue contributions had been tivcn specially for tbe enlargement of the build- ing, quite independently of the effort*) to pay 111 the debt. From what he had hinieelf seen on occasions vi hin be had the privilege of ministering in this church, there could be no question as to the necessity for an osten- sión of the building. Ï he congregations wera so unusually large and crowded, that he really did not see how it was possible for them to meet together in the warm summer weatherwith any degree of comfort. The enlargement of the chnrch would also afford admittance to many who were desirous of worshiping theie, but who could not at present be accommodated with seats. When he looked back to the time, Eomefive or six years since, when this neighbourhood was without a church, he felt exceedingly thankful to Almighty God for whnl Ile had permitted .and enabled Hie servants to f-coomplish. "We had great rcaEon lo be thankful fer the large c-ngre¿ationi that had assembled in St Barnabae churclî, and Tor the gather- ing together there of many who formerly attended no place cf worship-for the well attended Sunday and day schools -for the large number of communicants that wtra con- nected with the congregation, and for all those hopeful signs of spiritual life which were to be found in St. Barna Vas' church. Looking forward to the future, ha believed that He who by Hie Holy Sco'rit had kindled good desires in their breasts would further extend to them the same bles- sing», ned wculd bestow upon them, in proportK ii as. they c'cvcutly and earnestly sought them, larger measures of His prnce and favour; so that their spiritual life might be irereaeed, and the spiritual prosperity of the con- gregation be enhanced continually. He would only express tho hope that the "work now com- menced weuld go forward without delay, and be Bpeedily Irongbt to a conclusion, for the increase of the congrega non and the greater comfort of those now worshiping in the chnrch ; and he trusted that Mr. Smith would do long srarcd to minister to the congregation, and to find them a warm-hearted nnd sympathising people, who were en iltaviurirg to advance the glory of God, and to promote the salvation of each other and of ali men, (Cheere ) Tbe Rev. Canon Walsh desired to express his very hearty sympathy with tbe good work that had just been icnonienced Ho could bear witness from personal know . ledge to the former state of Uoíb district before St. Barnabas ChuTch was built, and to the wonderful change that had taken place in consequence of the successful labours of his rev friend-the change from a state of comparative chaos to being, as it now wbb, full of spiritual life and Christian energy. This was a result to thank God 1er ; nnd it was always a great comfort to be engaged in labours of this kind, for every fabric that wsb built for God's service, and for the worship of his people, and for the ministering of His word and sacraments, was a most blessed instrument for the winning of souIb to the faith and fear of God. It was not given tons to witness all the fruité of these labours, and it wa» onr encouragement to know that more good was done than what came under onr observation. But it had been the blessed lot of his rev. friend to see much of the recompense of hia self-denying labours. He rejoiced most heartily for all that had been done in connection with this church, and also for all that tbey hoped yet to do ; and he thanked God for the many souls that had been blessed through his rev. friend's instrumentality. He trusted that those present might bo spared to see the additions to this building com- pleted, and also to seo it still futjthor enlarged ; for it had always been found that Ihe demand for religious ordinance« increased with their supply. (Cheere.) l'ho Bev. T. Smith followed, with a brief addresB. After expressing his acknowledgments to tho Dean of Sydney, to the Rev. Canon Walsh, and to Mr. Campbell for the warm and sympathising interest they had man! Í. sled in his labourB in connection with Ht. Barnabas' Church, he proceeded to refer to theexertions that had boen made by lhe congregation to remove the debt on the churoh. At the commencement of last year they owed £3000, but tie wae happy to say that of that amount £1500 hod already been paid oft. Towordfl the enlargement of tho churoh £400 bad been paid, and £350 wan promised ; and, as a total of about £1150 would bo required, there was yet £350 to be made up. Ile had been oharged with boing rather fond of begging, but he loved to give propio tho opportunity of doing good. The reverend gentleman concluded with an earnest appeal to the Christian libernlitj'of those prosent cn behalt of the fund for meeting tho oxpen«e of tho addi- tion to the church. A collection waa thereupon made, tho amount of which wa- about £100. Tho proceedings closed with the benediction. 