NEWS OF THE WEEK. Castlemaine appears to be favored with some most remarkable municipal councillors, and the motices given by them, at times, are something ex traordinary. We may take, as specimens, the two following, given by Mr Gingell, at the last meet ing of the Council:—“ 1. That the Government be requested to erect suitable quartz crushing machines in Forest Creek, Campbell’s Creek, Barker's Creek, and Castlemaine for the use of the several localities. 2. That the Government be requested to assist three or four parties in thoroughly testing the deep sinkings at Muckle ford.” The great event, the subject of mingled hopes sand fears, of grave deliberations aud joyous antici pations, is over. The lights are out, the decorations faded, and the dresses consigned, for a time at least, to the dark recesses of the wardrobe. But ’twas a joyous thing while it lasted, and no one, we will guarantee, was disappointed with the Mayor's Fancy Dress Ball. Never before the 27th. ult has there been such an assemblage within the walls of the Exhibition Building. We have seen, on previous occasions, all the beauty of Vic toria mustered there to do honor to and celebrate our Sovereign’s natal day; and then we have also seen at another time a deputation of aboriginal chiefs. However, all times and all costumes appeared to be represented. Cavaliers of bygone days were resuscitated, and gallant Leices ters once more paid court to Elizabethian dames. There were merry monarchs enough to have flirted with all the girds in Christendom, and sufficient friars to have confessed and absolved them after wards. There were far more Hamlets than Pro fessor Pepper could possibly have satisfied with ghosts, and enough Ophelias for them all. There wore plenty of brigands to have infested on Italian mountain, looking despe rate enough to commit any number of murders or abductions, or to rob any quantity of timid travel lers. Enough Swiss peasants, one would have thought, to cultivate all the hills in Switzerland, and shepherdesses to attend to their flocks ; whilst vivandiercs were so numerous and so pretty that, to have admitted them into her Majesty’s forces, would most seriously have endangered the discipline. There were black men and white men, and men neither white nor black, but iralf and half, the line of demarcation being care fully drawn down tire nose. All appeared thoroughly to enjoy themselves, and every thing seemed to have been done to secure the comfort and happiness of the guests. The building was most handsomely decorated by Mr Hill, and great credit is due to Mr Isaacs, of the London Tavern, for the admirable manner in which the refreshment department was conducted. Both the wines and the edibles were very good, and they wore all well served. His Excellency Sir Charles Darling may be ex pected to arrive in the colony in the coarse of a very few days. The Suffolk, which is conveying the new Governor to these shores, was to have sailed from Plymouth on the 28th June. If she kept her appointment she will therefore now have been out sixty- eight days. We learn that the following signals to notify his Excellency's arrival have been agreed upon:—Should the Suffolk be reported from Cape Otway during the day, the Union Jack will be hoisted over the time ball at the Telegraph office, William street. If she is reported from tho Cape at night, then two rocket signals will be fired from the Telegraph office at intervals of ten minutes, and two four-minute bluelights will be fired during the interval. If the Suffolk is reported from Queenscliff during the day, a Union Jack will be hoisted over the ren dezvous flag at the Telegraph office; and if at night, six single rockets will be fired at intervals of five minutes between each, and a four-minute blue light will be fired with each of the rockets. The long session of Parliament—probably the longest that has ever been known in this colony—is to be brought to a close, at least, so the Govern ment intend, in tho course of a few days. With the view of enabling this consummation to be effected, a resolution was agreed to in the Assembly on Friday, that the House should, for the re mainder of the session, sit on Mondays. From our telegrams, which appear in another column, it seems that bushranging is largely on the increase in New South Wales. Mr Bayliss, the police magistrate at Wagga Wagga, was shot on Thursday by Morgan, the bushranger, and from the following account, which we extract from the Ovens Constitution of the 26th, it appears that he had a narrow escape on the preceding Friday:—“ The bushrangers still pursue their work in New South Wales, and the last outrage we hoar of is the stick ing-up of Mr Bayliss, the police magistrate of Wagga Wagga. Mr Bayliss was riding on Friday evening, and when seven miles on the Uranah side of Ballenbong, he observed two armed men. They fired two shots at him without effect, and then chased him a distance of four miles. On capturing him they proceeded to search for his valuables, but we have not been able to ascertain what they took from him. Inspector Morrow, on receiving the nows, immediately started from Wagga Wagga with a couple of troopers. Mr Bayliss procured the assist ance of tho Uranah police, and a couple of troopers also started from Albury. No capture is reported as yet.” From a report of the Registrar- General of Victoria, founded on the census returns of 1861, shelving the birthplaces of the people of the colony at that date, it appears that—out -of the total population of 540,322 —492,403 were British subjects, 46,787 were subjects of foreign powers, and there were 1132 the nature of whoso allegiance was unknown. The number of native born Australians is returned at 158,000, of whom 188,000, or rather more than one- fourth of the entire population, were born in Victoria. The Eng lish numbered 169,586, or nearly a sixth of the population ; the Scotch 60,701, or about a ninth; the Irish 87,160, or about a sixth and the Welsh 6055, or about 1 per cent. The East Indians of British extraction num bered 654, or one in every 833, and the East Indians of native races 204, or one in every 2500. The number of those bom at sea was 1840, of both sexes, or one in every 294. The Australians num bered 82 per cent, of the British subjects in the colony, the English 35, the Scotch 12, the Irish 18, the Welsh little more than 1, and all others with British names nearly 2. By far the largest number of foreigners settled in Victoria were Chinese; they numbered 24,782, or one in every 22 of the popu lation, and 63 per cent, pf all {he foreigners in the colony; the Germans numbered 10,418 or one in every 52, or 22½ per cent; the Americans, 2554, or one in every 218, or 5 per cent; the French, S per cent.; and the residue of all other nations 16 per cent. The batch of immigrants who arrived last Satur day by the Southern Ocean hove not met with employers so readily ns was anticipated would be the cose. As yet, a very small number indeed have left the depot, and those have been chiefly, selected from ordinary mecha- nics and persons suitable as general ser vants. It seems unfortunate that there is no special branch of industry to which the skilled operatives from Lancashire could turn their hands with ad vantage. The Ararat Advertiser of Friday last says;—“ We received an addition to our population on Wednes day, in the shape of seventy Chinamen, who travelled overland to this place from Guichen Bay; they are part of a mob of between 300 and 400 that landed at the latter place, the remainder have gone on to the Ovens and to some of the other gold-fields.” We are in receipt of our files from Hobart Town to the 28th, and from Launceston to the 29th inst. On Thursday last the Governor's Salary Redaction Bill was thrown out in the Legislative Council, there being neither mover nor seconder when the second reading was called on. The debate on the question of privilege raised by the receipt of a message from the Governor relative to the charges made against the judges in the Legislative Assembly by Mr Gregson, was brought to a conclusion by the adop tion of the following motion—which was moved by the Attorney-General —by a majority of 18 to 7:— “ That an address be presented to his Excellency the Governor, requesting him to inform their Honors the judges that the journals of this House contain no record of any charges having been preferred against them; and that their Honors enjoy the respect and undiminished confidence of thin House.” The first annual meeting of the Hornbrook Ragged School Association, was held on Monday, at Hockin’s Assembly Rooms, Elizabeth street. His Excellency the Governor presided during a portion of the proceedings, and after he retired, his Honor Judge Pohlman was called to the chair. Between 600 and 600 persons were present. The annual re port of the proceedings of the association was read by the Rev. Mr Beecher and adopted. It showed that nine schools had boon established and wore at present in operation in various parts of the city and suburbs, and that they were well attended by that class of destitute children for whose benefit they were instituted. They contained 558 pupils, and the average attendance during the year had been 896\. The total sum expended in their maintenance was £894 7s 6d, which had been met by subscrip tions and donations, and a small balance was stall loft in hand. A number of clergymen addressed the meeting, and a series of resolutions were passed, recognising the necessity of the schools, and pledg ing the meeting to use its utmost endeavors for their support, and also thanking those through whose strenuous exertions they had been established. Messrs Hancock, Sawell and Anderson, late directors of the Provident Institute, surrendered to their bail in the New Court, on Monday, before Mr Justice Barry, to answer a charge of conspiring to defraud the depositors in the Provident Institute. The investigation having been postponed until the 15th instant, the defendants were required to enter into fresh recognisances for their, appearance on that day. The sureties were entered into as follows Thomas Pownoll Sawell, himself in £1000 ; John Goodman and James. Smith Adams in sums of £500 each. Theodore Hancock, himself in £1000; John Flannagan £500, and Ernest Carter £500. Mr Anderson’s sureties were not present, and the bonds were entered into before a magistrate at a subsequent period of the day. The Ballaarat Star states that the great majority of the unfortunate miners who were smothered by an avalanche on the upper Dun stan, New Zealand, were Ballaarat men. Wm. Cummins was well known at Sebastopol. Samuel Grattan at one time was in the employment of Messrs Irving and Glover, of this town, and loft shortly after the completion of Craig’s Royal Hotel, where he worked for some time. John Hornbuckle and William Graham were at one time in the em ployment of Mr Isaac Barratt, of Dowling Forest, and left their situations for the Otago gold- fields. A fifth victim was a miner named Frazer, of Sebas topol, where he was well known. There seems, at length, to be some prospect of one of the public buildings in the city being finished, but whether with a lath and plaster front or not is a question with respect to which there is some doubt. We refer to the City Police Court. Mr Coheu, on Tuesday, asked Mr Grant in the Assembly when tenders would be called for for the completion of the front of the building, and was informed that progress to that extent woold be made in the course of next week. Wo understand that Mr A. Priestley, secretary of the Melbourne Gas Company, succeeds Mr E. M. Young os accountant to the National Bank of Aus- tralasia. Mr Young, we have previously mentioned, has been promoted to the managership of the Adelaide branch of the bank. The secretaryship resigned by Mr Priestley has been conferred on Mr Scott, who is an old and tried servant of the Mel- bourne Gas Company. The libel case of M‘Cann v. Sidders will, it ap- pears, be allowed to fall to the ground. A commu nication from the Crown Law Offices has been for warded to the authorities in Geelong, requesting that the prosecutor and defendant, together with the witnesses, in the case, might be informed that the Crown did not intend to prosecute, and that their appearance at the next Circuit Court would therefore be dispensed with. A grand ball, under the auspices of the presi dent and members of the Prince of Wales Cricket Club, took place in St. George’s Hall on Tuesday night. The members of the club having, at a consi derable expense, fenced in their ground and otherwise improved it, resolved to get up an entertainment, the proceeds of which might liquidate the debt thus incurred. The demonstration of Tuesday even ing was the result. From an early hour the hall wore a gay and animated appearance. About 400 per sons wore present, and an extremely pleasant even ing was spent. Several of the guests appeared in fancy costume, and dancing was continued to an early hoar the following morning. We take the following' particulars of the affray between Mr Bayliss, the police magistrate, and the bushrangers, which terminated in that gentleman’s being shot, from the Federal Standard of the 81st ult.:—“ It appears that, after the rascals had chased him four miles and fired two ineffective shots at' him, Mr Bayliss proceed to Uranah, and pro cured the services of two of the police there. He then made search for the bushrangers, and came in view of their comp in the 'Roping Pole’ scrub, near Piney Range. After dismounting, Mr Bayliss was cautiously approaching the camp, when one of the bushrangers (Morgan, we understand) Slipped round to the rear of Mr Bayliss, and shot him in the shoulder—the bell passing through his body and out at the breast. The two troopers, of course, were compelled to attend to the wounded man, and far (her attempts on the camp had to be abandoned. Mr Bayliss being on old aud respected resident of Wagga Wagga, a considerable number of the towns people tamed out to try and capture the bushrangers as soon as the news reached them." The Real Property Act Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed, in the Legislative Council on Wednesday, The subject of the establishment of a branch mint in this colony Was again revived in the Assembly on 2nd inst, by Mr Smyth, who asked if the Govern ment had taken or intended taking any action in the mutter. Mr M’Culloch stated the Government had not taken any action yet; but promised that he would bring the matter before his colleagues during the recess. 