SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE. SYDNICY SHIPPING. (Abridged /rom the Ä. M. Herald.) AIMUVALS. , July 2.-Oxenbridge, American ship, C27 tons, Captain Kerry from Calcutta 13th April ; passengers-Mr. aud Mrs. Porter, . Mr. W. Cecston, nnd 4 in tile steerage. 2.-Urara (s.;, HOD tons. Captain Wiseman, from Brisbane 23th ultimo, willi 10 pns8cngers. 2.-Mary Williams, solioouer, 82 tons, Captain Jacobs, from Hobart Town 22nd ultimo. ".,,",, ,,_.,,. 2.-J. L. Hall, ship, 700 tons, Captain J. Richards, from the Downs 21st March. rosBCiigers-Mrs. Richards and child. 2.-Menari, Kreuch barque, 250 tons, Cuptnin Lepretre, from Manila 18th April. .,,,,/. , , , ,. 2.-Foam, brig, 203 tons, Captain Ledwiclc, from Adelaide, 20th ultimo. . , , 2.-Lindsays, Bliip, 470 tons, Captain Lindsay, from Mel- bourne 30IH ultimo iii ballast. , , , . . , ,. 2.-Gratia, brig, 175 tous, Captain Haywood, from Adelaide 3.-Williams (s ). MO tons, Captain Wallnoe, from Wide Bay 1st instant, with ti passengers. ,,.,,.- " , , 3.-Yarra Tatra (s.), COU tons, Cuptnin luilght, from Brisbane 1st instant, with 21 ptisssngcrs. * a.-Whitehall, ship, 930 tons, Captnln James, from the Downs lClh April. Passengers-Mr. ami Mrs. Wyndham 2 children mid 2 servants. Mr. and Mrs. Huntley, Mr. mid Mrs. Huntley, jim., Mr. and Mrs. Oliver, Mis^ and Master Gwyn, Rev. Mr. KOMI and Mrs. Itoss, Mr. and Mrs. Jones, Mr. Joues, Mr. Du Faur. Mr. U. Moir, Mr. .1. Moir, Dr. Davidson. 3.-Albatross, schooner, 86 tons, Captain Clark, irom Auck- land, via Newcastle.. ,, ", 3.-Graiton (t.), Captain Mnides, Irom Clarence River, the 2nd inBtnut, with 7 passengers. DEI'AUTUnES. July 8.-City of Sydney, for Geelong. 3.-Urara (s.), tor brisbane. AnnivALS or COASTERS. July 1.-General Wool, llerculenn. Adolphus, Lil tie Pet, Catherine Agues, Mountain Maid, Village Helle, from New- castle, with »B2 tons coal ; City ol' .v ewcnatle (».), 'Vom Morpeth, with 3d huies wool, 13J bales hay, »5 bags bones, 32 cases fruit, 110 hides, 7 baskots fish, 3 euopa poultry, -J cases eggs, 1 horses, 14 pigs, 3 calves, » enstts wine. 3.-Ungle, Freak, Nancy, Albion, Zone. Elfin, Susannah, from Newcastle, with 032 tons coal, 12ÜU bushels maize, 21 bugs bran, 4 bogs bunou, in bides, (i cases tobacco ; Curry well, from Lake Macquarie, willi 00 tons coal i Coonanbnrn (s.), from Morpeth, with 1)5 bales wool, 27« bales liny, 4 casks tallow, 25 bugs maize, « coops poultry, lo cases cggB, 133 oases oranges, 10 lambs, 2 cnlvee, 10 pigs, 13« bugs oysteis, (¡54 ozs. S dwts. 8 firs, gold. _ The Diamantina (s.) crossed Manning River bar nt noon on 1st, urrlvlng hore ut 10 33 p.m. the following day. She brings 11 passengers. Cargo : !) bugs wheat, 325 bugs maize, 4 bags oysters, 37 casca eggs, 9 coops poultry, 87 pig«, 83 hides, 1 cast tallow, nnd sundries. The Urara (s.) Iel t the wharf, Brisbane, at 4 p.m. Monday, 29th ultimo. Arrived at the wharf, ¡it Syduoy. at 8 45 u.m. on the 2nd instant, Passed the Telegraph (s.) ut 10 a.m., Wednes- day, oil'Port Macquarie, mid Hie Agnes Irving nt noon, same day, oil the Brothers. The J. I* Hull kit the Downs on the 21st March, passed the Start Point on the 30th March, crossed the Uquator on lDtli April, nnd tbo meridian ni tho Cape on 2 Hil Moy. She lost lier main topmast nnd tore-lop-gnllnnt yard in running down her easting, and rounded Tasmania on the 26lh ultimo; since then she liaB had northerly u inila. The Mary Williams, anew oentre-honrd schooner, built ia Hobart Town expressly lor the Lake Macquarie coal mines, arrived last night from Hobart Town. She is n remarkably fine looking emit, sails well, and has 120 toiiB cargoon board, with ft draft ol' only flvo feet. The Ynrrn Yarra (s.), left Brisbane on Wednesday, at 7 45 a.m., and cleared the Heads at one p.m. the same day, arriving nt the Company's Wharf nt six p.m., 3rd lustntit. As the Yarra Yarra was approaching the lightship nt the entrance to Urisbnno River, on her way to Sydney, Mr. John Moppett, the chief öfter, accidentally tell overboard, immediately in front of the port pnddlewheel, which providentially missed striking him. A boat wns lowered mid «eut lo his resistance ns soon as fiosslblc, nnd lie wns picked up lu a very exhausted state, but tas since recovered from the ellect ol the accident. The clipper iron ship Whitehall arrived last night, having made a splendid passage of seventy-suvcu day» Irom tho Downs. She sailed on the Kith April, crossed tho .Equator on tho 5th May, nnd passed the meridian of the Cape on the 2nd of June, from wlicncosho is only thlrty-ono days, »he ran down her easting in latitude 46- S., nnd passed S. of Yan Dimncn's Land. A serious fire broke out on the 3rd of May, whl< li, hut for the energy displayed by all on board, might hilve terminated fatally. The (¡re broke out in the fore hold, denn« volumes of smoke forcing its wuy through Um fore hutch. Hands were at once Bet to work to brcncli through the deolt, and nbout twenty leet were ripped up nnd two onglncBset in motion to pour water below. Alter three hours' hard work the llames were got under, when the 1mlches were opened and a considerable quan- tity of the onrgo stowed forward was found on lire and ut once thrown overboard. The Grafton (s.), croisod the Clarence bar nt 8 45 a.m. on Thursday, arrived in Sydney on Saturday, 4th, nt 3 a.m. Tho Graiton was detained live days behind thu bar. lier curgo con- sists of 1300 bngs maize, 77 bags wheat, 10 bags Hour, 1 bale to- bacco, 3 casks tallow, 72 hides, 8 cases, 17 pnirB fowls, 1 box eggs, and sundries. THE STEAMER PLUTO.-No tidings of this vessel having been received in Sydney up to a late hour last night, considerable anxiety has been created by her non- arrival at Brisbane. She left this port on the night of the 26th ultimo, under the com- mand of Captain Bowden, late of the Lord Worsley, with one passenger and a full cargo, having been chartered by Messrs. J. and W. Byrnes and Co. For several days after leaving Syd- ney, it blew very strong from the southward, so that it is possible she may have been driven past Moreton Bay, and perhaps run short of fuel. Anxious inquiries were made on the arrival of the Yarra Yarra and Williams, steamers, last evening, but nothing had been seen of her.-Empire July 4. MSMiouRNi;.-[By iileotric Telegraph ]-Arrivals : July 2. Caroline Chisholm, from Liverpool ; Ceres, from London. WitKcic OP TUB SCHOONER 1'IUNCE or DENMAMC-Krom the Information we wore ublo to gather yesterday respecting the wreck of this vessel, It appears that she lolt Sydney about the beginning ol' February lust, for one of thu islands ol tile Chesterfield Group, on which Is situated a whaling station. She was loaded with stores for this station, where she arrived ubout tho 30th February. She had landed successfully nearly tho whole of her cargo, when, on tho 10th Marali, during a, heavy gale, she parted her cables and went ashore. lu ubout hall' uri hour scarcely n vestige of thu vessel was to bo seen. ' The whole of the crew willi great difficulty succeeded In saving their lives by either swimming or flouting on the itcbria ot the wrcok to thoshoro. On the second day niter tho wreck the weather bcoauio calm, and nome of the Island blacks, by (living, auccoedodi n bringing up from tho wreolc sundry small articles, among which wero sovernl of the carpenter's tools and spy- glass, and one or two ohesls belonging to tito seamen. As early as possible aller tho wreck tho crew commenced tlio building of tho little vessel willoh lina brought ten ot the crew Bafely from Brampton Shoal to Brisbane, II iliNtuiico ol' about COO mllcR ¡ this voynge wns completed in eight duya. The voa sel, which was somewhat appropriately und good-humouredly named by the crew Hamlet's Ghost, is built, partly from portions of the wreok which wero washed on shore, and partly from some boat planking whluh was brought from Sydney for the uso of the station. She is built ufter the American style, and Inking Into consideration the dlillcultlea under which she wns conBtructed, she Is a veiy creditable piece ' of work. She Is oultor rigged, nnd wo understand from the crew Hint she behaves well in n seaway ; her speed is not despicable nB mny bo ascertained by the quick íuii »hu made to this port, lîloven of the natives who wero part ni lim crew oí the schooner i'rluoe ot Denmark wore left nu the Island wita | about ulghlccn mouths'provisions. During the voyugoof the Hamlot'a Ghost to Brisbane, she experienced line weather until nenringt IIIB const, when she enoountcred strong southerly winds for the lost two days. The crew bud plenty of iirovlalons during the whole of the passage. The following vessels were Sp0?°".i."11"f Jr,ls!tt> br'tf (whaler), Captain Cornstalk, from Hobart roivn, six weeks out and olean ¡ the American barque Jills», from Now Hedlord, thirty months out, with 1000 barrels ot oil. ¿hi» venae! supplied them with water and a quantity of provisions. The Ollley, a whaler. Ciipluiu Robinson, from Hobart I own, two months out and clean i nnd (hu ltoniiy Doon. Captain Wybrow, witli forty bárrela of oil, und in a leaky con- dition. Wo understand that the schooner Prince of Denmark: Wits the property of Cuptnin Rennet, anil Unit ulic WIIH built of British onk us fur back us the year 1780.-Qummtuml (limrdiuu. lai matant. 