PENNY NOVELS. (FEOM THE SPECTATOR.) Novel writing has long been a profitable oc- cupation, but it is only In quite recent times that it has been found to offer a respectable . fortune to persons of very ordinary powers and at the expense of very little pains. Pro- specting over the field of fiction is a better speculation than going to British Columbia,for here the nuggets lie on tho surface. This erices from tho rapid multiplication of periodicals intended chiefly for tho lower classes, whose taste in fiction is still of a primitive kind. All these journals depend for existence upon stories in which constant and unbroken excitement, produced very often by the rudest machinery, must be the main element. There is more profit than honour in producing these peculiar works, but this very fact naturally attracts many persons to tho task. It would be a sad case if there were no writers left who cared more for substantial fame than for present rewards, but it is plainly the truth that the larger number are constrained to defer working for fame and honour till that lazy future day, which in most cases never arrives. This is tho motive power of all the -various "sensations" which furnish the staple of public amusement at tho present day. If a man undertakes a history, he must be con rent to work hard for years without looking for gain. To some, happily, this is an im- material consideration, but the majority of labourers must woik in vineyards whore they are paid at tho close of tho day. A writer in one of the penny journals is said to have been paid £26 a week for three or four pages of a continuous story. It is no uncommon thing for a tale to run through fifty -two numbers-which would be at the rate of £1,800 for a novel-certainly not a bad price, considering that these works are not heard of beyond tho circle of readers for whom they are originally produced. It would be difficult to point out any other depart- ment of literature which holds out so good a prospect, with so great a degree of certainty. Journalism is said- particularly by those who have never tried it-to be a sure road to. wealth, but it at least invohves much harder work than the popular fiction-writer is called upon to perform. The staff of one or two of the leading cheap miscellanies is not without, men of some little repute in the world of authorship, and the principal story at present running in one of the halfpenny journals is understood to be by a novelist whose successes ' are just now the talk of the town. Tho common opinion of tales of this kind, is that they are disreputable, if not immoral, in tone, and that they foster a depraved taste in tlie poor. The first objection is entirely baseless, as any one may perceive who takes the trouble to read the cheap publications ; the second is founded on a total misapprehen- sion of the relation which exists between writer and reader. Tho author who addresses the educated classes has a wide latitude allowed him. He may choose his own sub ject, and adopt his own mode of treat- ment. But the poor are arbitrary, and will have exactly what they wish for. Tho demand is for an article of a certain pattern and quality, and if something of a superior kind is attempted to be substituted the buyer very soon goes to another manu factory for what he requires. "Elevate the taste of your readers-try them with something better than they have been used to." It is exccl lent advice, but it would seem that the lower classes do not want, and will not have, their tastes elevated in this particular direction. Tho experiment has been thoroughly tried, at great cost, and with notable results. The best and foremost of these miscellanies, tho London Journal, once discarded it usual writers, and Sir Walter Scott's novels—at that time not attainable in a cheap form—took the place of the true popular fiction. Living writers of considerable reputation contri buted original stories, and a great deal of money was spent in the attempt to make this new and very superior article stand upon its legs. The experiment was a hopeless, and almost disastrous, failure. Sir Walter Scott and the other great men elevated tho journal so high that the atmosphere was soon found to be too rare, and asphyxia might have followed if it had not been dragged down to earth again. It is the first essential of really popular fictions that they should not be of too high a standard. The conditions of the work are clear enough, and of course no one need undertake it who feels that his soul is a great way above it. The man who began a novel for one of these miscellanies on true artistic principles, and seeking to deli neate character naturally, would probably in a week or two be waited upon by an anxious deputation of proprietors and publisher begging him to throw in more " sensation." If he persevered in his aesthetic tastes, he might receive a polite note, requesting him to continue his enlightened labours elsewhere. In that case he would be very likely to sacri- fice his taste to his convenience. Considerable ingenuity and tact are usually shewn In the development of these peculiar stories. Many points that tho three-volume novelist is obliged to study can very safely be disregarded. Attention to artistic uniformity, fidelity of description, or a regard to probi bilitles, would be labour and time thrown away, But the plot must be exciting. Some of the principal characters should be persons in high life, and there must always be a poor young man or girl In the story, to step in between an unscrupulous lord and his schemes, and to utterly baffle and confound him at every turn. Servants—ladies' maids especially—must be on terms of familiarity with their mistresses, the depositories of their most dangerous secrets, and the chief sharers of their confidence Tho lady who is the author of a story called the Woman in Black pays great attention to this most needful point, as in the following passage :— "Lady Windermere was standing at the dressing-room window, watching tho night breeze.She listened very atten- tively to Daisy's account of all that had transpired in the kitchen. "'Gone!' she murmured, almost with tho desolation of Evangeline in Longfellow's ex- quisite poem, when she discovers the de partnre of her lover, and says 'Gone ! is Gabriel gone ?' " 'Alas ! my lady,' snid Daisy ; ' he is indeed gone, and that twining serpent of a T. is gone with him. What shall we do?' "'We must go, too, Daisy,' said the mar- chioness; 'I think I know to whose house they are gone at Brighton, Daisy ; I believe it is to Lady Mackenzie's, and the only thing I can do is to follow as soon as possible.' '"Oh! but my lady, how can you manage that ? Will you not be recognised ? ' " ' No, not if I travel at night, closely veiled, and in this black hood and mantle.' " 'But, my lady, when you get to Brighton, what can you do there ? ' And so on. It is so unusual thing to find tho lady of the in these stories consulting her maid as to her future husband. The poor man must always get the better of the rich, and if the hero of the story is very poor, and falls in love with a peeress, and marries her, in defiance of natural obstacles, the tale is sure of a good run. No doubt these representations of high life are, to the last degree, absurd and ridiculous ; but suppose the readers are satisfied with the false, and would not be satisfied with the true ? If a man prefer a brass chain, it would be hard to insist upon his wearing a gold one. In the love scenes, again, there is great room for the imaginative powers. Mr. Trollope's delicate pencillings of young lovers would be laughed at as caricatures. In these stories lovers' oaths must be something like oaths strong, passionate, and fiery, and going to the very verge of bad language ; their dialogues must end with the lady in an ecstacy of tears, and the gentleman in a paroxysm of emotion, calling Heaven and earth and all the powers to witness that he will be true to death. If they part, it must be with speeches so moving as to bring to the tender reader the luxury of crying. If tho lady can conve- niently be left reclining in the arms of her maid in a fit, and the gentleman wiping the heavy drops of agony from his manly and distracted brow, so much the better will be the effect. The ancient form of " proposing " on one's knees is still strictly adhered to, and the lover never forgets to bedew the lady's land with briny tears, and afterwards to cover it with burning kisses. Tears are always "briny,"and kisses always "burning"in these fictions—tho one pleasantly counteracting tie other. The presence of a rival is of great use, as we may see in the following passage : "Ellen trembled. Sho feared this coarse -villain, in spite of her protector. " ' I have told you again and again. Hush Rowley, I never can be yours,' she said, in a low voice. 'Why renew such a discussion now ?' '.' ' Because the case Is different,' he cried savagely. . " 'Nothing is altered. I hate you as much as ever,' returned Ellen. "'S'death ! girl, don't provoke,' he ex claimed, seizing her by the wrist, and looking into her face menacingly. 'I tell you tho case is different. When I asked you before, my wife lived ; she is dead now.' Ellen shuddered as the cold-blooded villain uttered these words, with a tone of savage joy. "" ' Yes, dead,' he continued; 'and I can prove it She no longer stands in the way Besides, I have you now In my power.' "'How?' " If you resist me, your lover dies,' he mut- tered in her ear. ITo vary these scenes there should have been a murder committed at some stage or other of the story, or, at the very least, a fair prospect of one must always be held out, Nothing can be finer than the way in which a trifle of this kind is worked up in a story before us : ( "He lay a moment, stiff and motionless .with horror, conscious of a faint, quivering ' motion in tho bed above, and a faint trickling noise which might have been tho dead man's blood slowly creeping through the saturated bnedding, and dropping on to the floor. It was tho horrible fancy that ho felt the sicken- , irg fluid hot upon his back that aroused him from his torpor, and scrambling to his feet, he rushed to the window, and looked out." Looked out upon " to be continued next ' week," which here falls in very appositely. It rather adds to the enjoyment of the reader io be disappointed In this way. Not long ago, I ' it happened that a writer of a sanguine turn, and filled with high aspirations, began a story of a tamer kind, and the publication in which it appeared suffered rather severely. There upon-after a respectful but earnest deputa tion-a convict was despatched on a roving ' commission through the tale, always seeming to be on the eve of slaying a prominent character. The story was successful almost immediately. ' The art of concluding each number with a special "sensation" is perhaps the most diffi cult, but at tho same time the most necessary of all, in writing popular fictions. There have been many burlesques of these stories, but none of them are half so amusing as tho originals. From half a dozen before us we mey select fair examples of the kind of termi nation that is looked for to each week's part. In the following, taken from the " Poor Girl," -the who is speaking to hor husband : " ' My lord, you have your secrets.' " He was almost suffocated in the attempt to ejaculate. He tried to appear calm and cold. He waved his hand, as though he con sidered tho proposition puerile. " 'Well !" he exclaimed. " ' And you have one in this house,' she con- tinued, with a very peculiar and pointed em phasis. " He gazed at her searchingly, wonderingly, but his lips moved mechanically, and he ejaculated " ' Well, madam !' " ' We stand, then, my lord, for the present, on the same ground,' she rejoined, in a voice which thrilled him. ' I have my secrets. I, too, have one in this house ! ' '' As she uttered those words, with a shrill ness which seemed to pierce his brain as though each word was a heated barb, she glided from the room, leaving him transfixed with bewildering, torturing amazement." The physical effect upon the nerves of a sudden shock is ordinarily very astounding. Thus, above, we have the marquis almost suffocated, and with a feeling as of a heated barb in his brain, which, though hard to ima- gine, must doubtless be a very terrible sensa- tion. Immediately before, however, we are told that " his blood almost froze in his veins," so that the heated barb might have worked nothing more than an agreeable . change of temperature. Afterwards, we be- hold him tossing on the ground with all the wildness and frenzy of a maniac. Then, again, we find him thus:- " At length, maddened hy the thoughts which whirled successively through his brain, scorching and blistering it with the images they conveyed, he turned, and advanced upon her with glaring eyes, and foaming at the mouth like a tiger. " 'Woman !' he said, as tho white froth bub bled on his lips ; ' when I first saw you, I be- lieved that your-that your-past history-' " She turned upon him like lightning, and, with ber finger pointed menacingly at him. she exclaimed, in a clear, firm, determined voice " To be continued next week," or something to the same effect. Here is another good end ixg to a number: " But they had not done with him yet. " Thero was a flash, a loud roport, a cry of , pain, and then again all was OB silent as the ! grove." Thus tho reader is left for a whole week ta conjecture which of tho characters is dis- posed of. Take another example :- I " Human nature could bear these taunting words no longer. " ' Perhh, then !' cried George Robertson, as le drew a pistol from his belt, and filed at tho lag; 'Perish, witch! and ill-omened witch I that you are, never moro shall your screech- | owl voice vex mortal ear 1' "With a scream that mingled with tho «port of tho pistol, she fell baokwards from Ile rock." Sometimes a good "sentiment "answers a* .well as tho tragic element, as in the following passngo from the " Factory Ghi " :- ! " Presently, Lady Olympia's alabaster aran ¡ fill loosely from Dora's neck. The emotion 1- od been too powerful for hor, and she had fainted. "'Dearmo, how unfortunate!' cried tho i Cc untess of Luxborough. as sho hurried to her niece's assistance. ' This is ono of the results ci my poor sister's foolish whims. What a ciseraceful scene to bo surel and how un- i lucky that Olympia should insist upon ir eping up Buch a low acquaintance ! ' ¡ " ' Pardon me, Lady Luxborough,' said John j Tnvcrshum, advancing from amidst a group I of factory people, ' pardon me, if I venturo to i contradict your ladyship. The acquaintance* I c f Dora Morton can nover bring any disgraco i to your niece. If Lady Olympia wero the tjucen of England, the friendship of a pure nnd virtuous girl would bring no discredit i upon her.'" . Occasionally the writers introduce reflec- tions which are not quite so impressive as the love and murder scenes. One gentleman calls his reader's attention to tho following facts : "In honest minds, a sparkling glass of , good wine, or even spirits, will, warming the eart, produce cheerfulness and excite genial , thoughts; tho most pious divines have felt its "pleasant influence, while even an excess of ¡ liquor will scarcely ever impel a man of mind | or native goodness to any very glaring aot. ; The weak it makes weaker and more foolish ; "but its featful influence is chiefly seen upon the naturally wicked" Another observes, in a more pathetic vein :- " We live in a very wicked world, everybody knows that, and all we can hope Is, that .when it is broken up, things may be mended." As a touch of description, take the follow- j 5»g, by the author of the reflection just quoted : " Boll went the thunder until the ruins shook, threatening to bury them in bricks and mortar every moment. Flash upon flash of lightnirg lit up the whole interior of tho place, and the terrified upturned faces of the doctor and his fair friend, both of them with spectacles on, which must have given them a very comical appearance to the Spirit of tho Storm, as it rode on a thunderbolt ovor their lends." , These extracts, taken from stories now in course of publication, are sufficient to show that an ill-educated man, of somewhat coarse tastes, and with the wildest possible notions of the life and manners of persons above him in station, has peculiar qualifica- tions for pleasing the readers of cheap miscel- lanies. The chief thing to satisfy is tho ' natural craving of the uneducated for ex- aggerated representations of "high life," and their almost barbaric taste for tragical incidents. They like to be taken amid ' scenes which are wholly different from those ' which they encounter in their own daily ex- peiience. The poor factory girl likes to with- law in her dinner houi to the saloons of tho great, as they aro supposed to be by persons whose acqulntance does not reach higher than the footman, and to read of ladies who habitually make their purchases on the fol le wing principle :- i " She sent one of the waiters out for a ¡ trifling article, and gave him a £5-note to pay for it. There is something fascinating to her in the notion that lords occasionally go round work shops and mills to pick out a wife-, laden with jewels and gold to bestow on the object of their choice. Even when their own class is delineated, they expect something different to tho men and women whom they actually meet. Tho authoress of tho Woman in Black understands this, as we shall see in the foi- ' lowing paspagc :- . " Suddenly to this corner carno a man, who was hurrying along, singing ' Silly in our Alley,' when, perceiving the outline of a for n . leaning against a tree, ho rulsed his lantern, i .which threw a strong light on the face ot BJ lindo, and crying out "'Oh, Gor!-oh, my! The Woman ia ' Black!-my lady's ghost 1 Lord havo mercy ?opon me?' .' Ho tumed round, took to his heels, and ' never once stopped to look behind him till Le found himself at the door of his mother's , cottage, and heard, in answer to hiB terrified i and reiterated knocks- ¡ " ' I'm a comin ?-I m a comm' Î Arn't , 3 on ashamed of yourself, Stephen, to get your i cor mother out of her warm bed at this ! time o'nigbt to let you in. when yon'vo been i c((rting that mi' x of n Kitty Pc-rnbb? ' I '"Ob m f i-i > i .>>. « . t i»' e- V nike!' ' cried Stephen. 'I've seen a ghost!-I've seen the "Woman in Black ! I've seen my lady's spirit, and for all I know, she may be after me this blessed moment to do me a mischief.' " All this is supremely childish ; but so are tie tastes which the writers seek to gratify. They write down to the level of the under- standings of their readers, and there is this excuse for them, that if they must write at all there is no other course open to them. Their works are, at least, free from a demoralizing tendency. The worst of them contrast advan tageously with the popular order of French fiction, and it may be found that practically, the readers not being in the habit of re- fecting on what they read, no abiding impression is produced on their minds by romantic and grotesque representations of love and marriage, and of human life in all its forms. It would, perhaps, be hard to deny hard working men and women the pleasure they derive in their leisure hours from reading stories which are too highly flavoured to suit a cultivated taste, but which contain nothing destructive of morals. They at least furnish amusement to thousands of the working classes, and serve to divert their minds from the deadening influences of monotonous toil; in short, they find there tho exact kind of re- creation they seek. The poor will enjoy themselves in their own way. We should be glad to see these stories assume a higher standard-we could wish that the working classes would read Orley Farm and the Newcomes, instead of the Blood stained Hand, or the Threefold Murder; but we are afraid that it would be impossible to force them into a relish for the dainties which are tho delights of finer palates. At any rate, it requires a man of very rare ability to attempt the work of reforming their tastes. 