BZXROONDARA DISTRICT ROAD BOARD. SATUiDAY, NKvO uMCE. 7, Present-The Chairman (li. Kent, Esq.); Messrs. IRagg, Cam, Robinson, Blanksby, and Luixford. This was a special. meeting of the Board; converied for the purpose of cosiiidering and receiving the valuator's return." The .valuator, DM. ,: il3rown, .C:Ehllanded in his return, from which the Cihairman read an abstract, showing that the gross' annual value of the property in the district was £9440. 3s., and the nett annual value £8894. 14s.; being an increase of £2741. 3s. 4d. on the last year's valuation. This increase is chiefly attributed to the alteration in the mode of valuing pasture land made by the Local Government Act. Mr. Blankaby moved that the valuation as submitted to the Board be adopted. Mr. Chambers seconded the nmotiou, which was put and carried. On the suggestion of Mlr. Blanksby, the Surveyor was requested to bring up an es timato of works required on each road, such estimate to be made in accordance with the amount of rates contributed.. i.. SOni the motion of 'tr. TRobinson' seconded by Mr. Cain, the Clerk was directed to issue a notice to the ratopayers that the valuation was open for inspection; and that a special meeting of the Board would be held at five o'clock p.m., on Saturday next, to strike a rate, in accordance with the Local Govern ment Act. The Board then adjourned. \--o- A R.atL GnosTr.-The hamlet of Baynton, near Barfold, in the Kynetoni district, has for some time past been honoured with the ap pearance, from time to time, of a real ghost. Our informant, a stalwart farmer on whom we can most strictly rely, says the country side is in a state of ferment from th9 reported ap pearance of a " horrible shador unreal moc kery," haviig tlie olftliiiki'i of .i'3oan with tihe face of a floid. Th'lad~"il iiiozt affeeth is near the farti of MIr. M1'Kehii,d and seve, ral men have actually left the employ of Mr: M'Kenna through terror at the ghostly visi tation. Mr. Bennett, a worthy and stout auctioneer, was so terrillfied one night that he turned back and sought the friendly welcome of an inn, and resolutely refused to go on till morning; we are told the ghost addressed the auctioneer, but our informant was not aware if it was in one the deadlanguages. Tales of human bones having beon plougheod up upon, the farm is an assistance to the ignorant terror the ghost has occasioned. We recommend, as a capital means of exorcising, a good dose of small shot, with good aim, directed to the posterior developments of the apparition.-l2hrrenyowar 2Fmons. The following are the teormnlof the. reward of £4,000 offered by the Sydney Government for the arrest of Gilbert, O'Meally, Vane, and Hall:-" "Whereas the above named persons are charged with the commission of numerous and serious offences, and have hitherto eluded the ellorts to apprehend them, it is hereby notified that the Government will pay a re ward of £1,000 tor such information as will lead to the apprehension of -each of the offenders named. The Government will also piay a reward of £100 for such information as will lead to the conviction of any person or persons harbouring, assisting, or mnutntain inug either of the 'nbovenamced offetders. All such information comnmunieated by any pe'r son charged with the conInisi6ni o01 an ollhnce will entitle his case to fmavotur~bs considtera tion by the Crown, and will`' t'll casnslo he regarded by tioe' iol'dii asUlitriciis strictly confldential; and in the event- of payment of any of the rewards above oflrbod, the ilname of the reciplient will not be disclosed. The above rewards are offered in lieu of all others pro viounlv payable by Government. I'br the alp prehension or conviction of the offenders abovenarned." 