VICTORIA. (From the M. Herald of the 24th Sept.) j CHARGES AGAINST COLONEL PITT. A military inquiry into certain charges brought by Major Diokson against Col. Pitt, for irregularities in the disbursement of money, has resulted in the complete exoneration of the latter officer. The chare-os are said to have been the result of some private unpleasautncsa which occurred a short time ago between the gentlemen in question, and it is said that in consequence of this mat ter Major Dickson will not remain long in the colony. VICTORIAN WHISKEY. We have received two samples of whiskey, manufactured by Mr. Ro- bert Dunn, at his extensive distil- lery at Warrenheip. One of the samples has been distilled from malt and raw grain, and the other from malt alone. Both are speci- mens of remarkably fine spirit, with an excellent flavour, and will bear comparison with any imported, al though there is no doubt that they would be much better if they had been properly matured instead of being only two or three months old. It will be observed by reference to our advertising columns that the first public sale of this spirit takes place to-day, when 19 hogsheads, 20 quarter-casks, will be offered by Messrs Fraser and Cohen, at their rooms in Collins street, at half-past eleven o'clock. We would advise those who are desirous of nromotin-r native industry, and their own in- 1 terests, to be present. crim. con. In these days when the aid of the gentlemen of the long robe is sought in divorce cases, a mense et thoro, the following circumstance which] has come under our notice, may] prove iateresting to our readers. A ] certain squatter, who for obvious reasons shall be nameless, had cause I to suspect the fidelity of hU lint**.. half. Accordingly, last Saturday morning he left town, but returned again the same evening to oar gay metropolis, and hied to one of the theatres where the suspected ' ruth less destroyer' of his domestic peace was following his avocation. De termined that the wool should not be drawn over his eyes, or he him self led by a string, he after the I performance was brought to a close, I louowea me gay Jjotiiano, who, to his intense mortification, went to the lodgings of Mr. Squatter's cara I eposa. After waiting in the street I rather impatiently we opine, the in- I furiated husband rushed into the j house, and made his way to his wife's j bed-room, where he found the ' pro- j feasional' comfortably ensconced. I We need hardly say that a melee ensued. The badge of office of the ' artist' was lying on the table, as well as his time-keeper. These articles were taken possession of by the injured gentleman, who said that he would use them as evidences of the guilt of both parties, in pro ceedings hereafter to be instituted. BCB.GLAB.T AND KA.PE. jllic uiau quants r. urancn, who, it ie stated, was formerly a cook in the Cafe de Paris, was brought up yesterday, on remand, at the City rolice Court, on a charge of bur glariously entering the premises of Mr. Solomon, in Swanstonstrect,and committing a rape upon the person of Mary Frazer, a servant in the house. The prisoner was further remanded, as waB also his con- j federate, Joseph Goddard, who had i been arrested yesterday morning. selective j^iiis lniormecl the Uench that the servant girl was too ill at present to prosecute, though she had identified both prisoners. »IIOWXED IN AN ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE JUSTICE. The City Coroner held an inquest yesterday, at the Morgue, on the body of Win. Erickson, a man aged 30 years, who was drowned in the x arra, opposite the (Queen's Wharf, on the day previous. Alfred Larkins, the chief officer of the steamer Gothenburg, then lying at the Queen's Wharf, slated that the deceased was a prisoner on board. On the morning of the previous day lie heard a noise in the main hold, and called the second officer, and on going to look, saw that there was a tight in the hold. He went down into the main hold, where he saw the deceased, wno Had a bag. W hen he came out witness asked him what he was doing. He made no answer, but threw down the bag and went to his own place. Witness took possession of the bag, and on ex amining its contents found it con tained six cheeses, part of the cargo of the ship. He gave orders that no person was to be allowed to go on shore. When the captain come on board shortly afterwards, he directed witness to get a consta ble. As soon as the constable came on the stage witness heard a splash in the water, and at the same time , heard the alarm that the deceased was overboard. Witness saw the deceased in the water. A rope was thrown to him by the second mate which he could have caught if he chose. He had been on the ship about eighteen months. A large quantity of cargo had been lost by theft. Hunter R,egnart- ee cond officer of the Gothenburg, stated that the deceased was a fire mau on board. Witness was left in charge of him on the deck of the vessel on the morning of the 22nd instant Witness was on the shore side of the deck, and the deceased r\n +l*n a4-Ii«« 1IT1. ? . I ... »U «.. uuici. rt iieu me conscaoie was in the act of coming on board the deceased jumped overboard. Witness threw him a rope but he made no effort to catch it He ap peared to be carried away by the tide, and he sank before anything could be done to save him. He was an excellent swimmer. James Fox the morning of the 22nd instant, the chief officer came to him about' one o'clock, and asked him what light that was in the main hold. The mate sent him for a light, and went himself into the hold. When wit ness returned, he found the mate witn some goods in a bag. No | other person was at that time on the deck. The mate told him not to allow any one to leave the ship, and went himself below. The deceased came ou deck and wanted Jo leave ! the ship, but witness would not al- j low him to do so. He ao-ain went below, and shortly returned. savW. he must go on shore. The first and second mates then came on deck and the deceased remained with me while the first mate went for a con stable. When the deceased saw the constable coming, he jumped overboard into the river. He was over before anyone could stop him, the alarm was given at once, but the deceased was not recovered until he was dead. Deceased gave no indi cation of his intention to jump over- ! board ; he was quite sober. Peter j Burns, a constable, deposed that he had been called between one and two o'clock on the morning of the j 22nd. bv the first mat* nf iha ri*. I thenburg, to take into custody a man who he said had broken into the cargo. Witness went, and on arrival the watchman in charge said ' He is overboard.' They went to the bow of the steamer, and saw, the deceased floatinjr alonsside tho wharf. They threw him a rope, but he did not take it, and sank be fore we could do anything further I to rescue him. They got uWs and j recovered the body in about fifteen minutes. Witness had searched the body. There were no marks of violence upon it The only thing he found was half-a-crown. The jury found that William Erickson jumped overboard from the steamer Gothenburg, on the morning of the 22nd inst, to escape from the police, and that he was accidentally drown ed in the Yarra at the Queen's Wharf. A Ghost op a Boat. — We were, on Saturday last, invited to inspect as curious a specimen of naval architecture as we nave ever seen. It is a scull wager boat, built by Mr. George Swin deiis, at his boat building establishment on the Eastern Beach, to the order of a j | well-known boatinganmteur,anditisnot yet quite finished. The boat is 31 feet 9 inches long, 14 inches beam at the widest place, will draw when finished 3 inches and a half water at the stern, and about a quarter of an inch at the siem, ana mu weijju under twenty-six pounds. She is built of quarter inch cedar, with ash ribs ond deal frame, aud is fastened with copper nails ; she has an elliptical bottom. Her outriggers will have four and a Jjalf foet spread ; these are not yet prepared for her, find Mr. Swindells seems slightly puzzled to get them of the lightest material. To I an unpractised eye this boat reminds one of some contrivance made to re rouiuio a uuui wmcu nouoay can use as one, for it appears almost impossible for any one to get in or outofit withoutsucli a frail shell turning over or upending-. Even when once seated in it tha slightest inclination of the body to one side must result in a capsize. She is to be named 'Tug Ghost,' and although a little more substantial tknn those of Pro fessor Pepper's, she is not wrongly named, as we never gaw a more spec tral resemblance of a boat tlian this. i erliaps to those who understand and can use her she may be a very ftscinatine and a very profitable tljing.Geelon Advertiser, September 31. ° 