ON SOME CARP AT SANS SOUCI. WE have lately made the acquaintance of an old lady of ninety, who has passed the last twenty-five years of her old life in a great metropolitan establishment, the workhouse, namely, of the parish of Saint Lazarus. Stay twenty-three or four years ago, she came out once, and thought to earn a little money by hop-picking : but being over-worked, and having to lie out at night, she got a palsy which has incapacitated her from all further labour, and has caused her poor old limbs to shake ever since. An illustration of that dismal proverb which tells us how poverty makes us acquainted with strange bed-fellows, this poor old shaking body has to lay herself down every night in her workhouse bed by the side of some other old woman with whom she may or may not agree. She herself can't be a Very pleasant bed. fellow, poor thing with her shaking old limbs and cold feet. She lies awake a deal of the night, to I be sure, not thinking of happy old times, for hers never were happy ; but sleepless with aches, and ague, and rheumatism of old age. _" The gentleman gave me brandy-and-water," she said, her old voice shaking with rapture at the thought. I never had a great love for Queen Charlotte, but I like her better now from what this old lady told me. The Queen, who loved snuff herself, has left a legacy of snuff to certain poorhouses and in her wa'chfulnigh's, this old woman takes a pinch of Queen Charlotte's snuff, " and it do comfort me, sir, that it do !" Pulveris exigent munns. Here is a forlorn aged creature, shaking with pany, with no soul among the great struggling multitude of mankind to care for her, not quite trampled out of life, but past and forgotten in the rush, made a little happy, and soothed in her hours of unrest by this penny legacy. Let me think as I write. (The next month's sermon, thank good- ness ! is safe to press.) This discourse will appear at the season when I have read that was all bowls make their appearance at the season of pantomime, turkey and sausages, plum puddings, jollifications for school- boys ; Christmas bills, and reminiscences more or less sad and sweet for elders. ' If we oldsters are not merry, we shall be having a semblance of merriment. We shall see the young folks laughing round the holly bush. We shall pass the bottle round easily as we sit by the fire. That old thing will have a sort of festival too. Beef, beer, and pudding will be served to her for that day also. Christmas falls on a Thursday. Friday is the workhouse day for coming out. Mary, remember that old Goody Twoshoes has her invita- tion for Friday, 26th December ! Ninety, is she, poor old soul J Ah ! what a bonny face to catch under a mistletoe " Yes, ninety, 8 r," she says, " and my mother was a hundred, and my grandmother was a hundred and two." Herself ninety, her mother a hundred, her grandmother a hundred and two ? What a queer calcula, tion ! Ninety ! Very good, granny, you were born, then, in 1772. Your mother, we will say, was twenty-seven when you were born, and was born therefore in 1745. Your grandmother was thirty when her daughter was born, and was born therefore in 1715. We will begin with the present granny first. My good old creature, you can't of course remember, but that little gentleman for whom your mother was laundress in the Temple was the ingenious Mr. Goldsmith, author of a History of England, the Vicar of Wakefield, and many diverting pieces. You were brought almost an infant to his chambers in Brick Court, and he gave you some sugar-candy, for the doctor was always good to children. That gentleman who well-nigh smothered you by sitting down on you as you lay in a chair asleep was the learned Mr. S. Johnson, whose history of Rasselas you have never read my poor soul and whose tragedy of Irene I don't believe any man in these kingdoms ever perused. That tipsy Scotch gentleman who used to come to the chambers sometimes, Mjd at whom everybody laughed, wrote a more amusing book than any of the scholars, jour Mr, Burke, and your Mr. Johnson, and your Doctor Goldsmith. Your father often took him home in a chair to his lodgings and has done as much for Parson Sterne, in Bond-street, the famous wit. Of course, my good creature, you remember the Gordon Riots, and crying No Popery before Mr.'Langdale's house, the Popish distillery, and that bonny fire of my Lord Mansfield's books in Bloomsbury-square ? Bless us, what a heap of illuminations you have seen For the glorious victory over the Americans at Breed's Hill for the peace in 1844, and the beautiful Chinese bridge in St. James's Park for the coronation of his Majesty, whom you recollect as Prince of Wales, Goody, don't you ? Yes and you went in a procession of laundresses to pay your respects to his good lady, the injured Queen of England, at Brandenburg House ; and: you remember your mother told you how the was taken to see the Scotch lords executed at the Tower. And as for your grandmother, she was born five months after the battle of Malplaquet. She was where her poor father was killed, fighting like a bold Briton for the Queen. With the help of a Wade's Chronology, I can make out ever so queer a history for you, my poor old body, and a pedigree as authentic i as many in the peerage. books. Peerage books and pedigrees ? What does she I knew about them ? Battles and victories, treasons, kings, and be heading, literary gentlemen, and the like what have they ever been to her? Granny, did I you ever hear of General Wolfe ? Your mother may have seen him embark, and your father may have 1 carried a musket under him. Your grandmother may have cried Huzza for Marlborough ; but what is the Prince Duke to you, and did you ever so much as hear tell of his name? How many hundred or nhouFanii-of years-had thatrtoad lived who was in the coal at the defunct Exhibition and yet he was not a bit better informed than toads seven or eight hundred years younger. 1 "Don't talk to me your nonsense about Exhibi- tions, and Prince Dukes, and toads in coals, or coats in trade, or, what is it !" says granny. "I know there was a good Queen Charlotte, for she left me Snuff and it comforts me of a night when I lie awake." To me there is something very touching in the notion of that little pinch of comfort doled out to granny, and gratefully inhaled by her in the darkness. Don't you remember what traditions there used to be of chests of plate, hillsea of diamonds, laces of inestimable value, sent out of the country privately by the old Queen, to enrich certain relations in Mecklenberg Strelitz ? Not all the treasure went. Non omnia morUur. A poor old palsied thing at mid- night is made happy sometimes as. she lifts her shaking old hand to her nose. Gliding noiselessly among the beds where lie the poor creatures huddled in their cheerless dormitory, I fancy an old goat with a snuff-box that does not break. There, ' Goody, take of my rapped. You will not sneeze, and I shall not say God bless you.' But you will think kindly of old Queen Charlotte, won't you? Ah I had a many troubles, a many troubles. I was a prisoner almost as much as you are. I had to eat boiled mutton every day : entre nous, I above- stated it. But I never complained. I swallowed it. I made the best of a hard life. We have all our burdens to bear. But hark ! I hear the cock crow, and snuff the morning air. And with this the royal ghost vanishes up the chimney if there be a chimney in that dismal harem, where poor old Two shoes and her companions pass their nights-their dreary nights, their restless nights, their cold long nights, shared in what glum companionship, illumined by what a feeble taper ! "Did I understand you, my good Two shoes, to say that your mother was seven- and-twenty years old when you were born, and that she married your esteemed father when she herself was twenty-five? 1745, then, was the date of your dear mother's birth. I daresay her father was absent in the Low Coun- tries with his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, under whom he had the honour of carrying a halbert at the famous engagement of Fontenoy-or if not there, he may have been at Preston Pans, under General Sir John Cope, when the wild Highlanders broke through all the laws of discipline and the English lines and being on the spot, did he see the famous ghost which didn't appear to Colonel Gardiner of the Dragoons ? My good creature, is it possible you don't remember that Doctor Swift, Sir Robert Walpole (my Lord Orford, as you justly say), old Sarah Marlborough, and little Mr. Pope, of Twitnam, died in the year of your birth ? What a wretched memory you have ! What ? haven't they a library, and the commonest books of reference at the old convent of Saint Lazarus, where you dwell ?" ' Convent of Saint Lazarus, Prince William, Dr. Swift, Atotsa, and Mr. Pope, of Twitnam! What is the gentleman talking about?" says old Goody, with a " Ho ! ho !" and a "laugh like an old parrot you know they live to be as old as Methuselah, parrots do, and a parrot of a hundred is comparatively young (he he he l). Yes, and likewise carps live to an immense old age. Some which Frederick the Great fed at Sans) Souci are there now, with great lumps of blue mould on their old backs and they could tell all sorts of queer stories, if they chose to speak but they are very silent, carps are-of their nature pen communicative. Oh ! what has been the long life, old Goody, had a dole of bread and water and a perch on a cage; a dreary swim round and round a Lethe of a pond ? What are Eossbach or Jena to those mouldy one?, and do they know it is a grandchild of England who brings bread to feed them ? No ! Those Sans Souci corps may live to be a thousand years old and have nothing to tell but that one day is like another and the history of friend Goody Twoshoes has not much more variety than theirs. Hard labour, hard fare, hard bed, numbing cold all night, and gnawing hunger most days. That I is heriot. Is it lawful in my prayers to say, "Thank I heaven, I am not as one of these ?" If I were eighty, would I like to feel the hunger always gnawing, gnawing to have to get up and make a bow when Mr. Bumble the beadle entered the common room to have to listen to Miss Prim, who came to give me her ideas of the next world ? If I were eighty, I own I should not like to have to sleep with another gentleman of my own age, goody, a bad sleeper, kicking in his old dry ama, and snoring to march down my vale of years at word of command, accommodating my tottering old steps to those of the other prisoners in my dingy, hopeless old gang to hold out a trembling hand for a ' sickly pittance of grief, and say, " Thank you, mum," to Miss Prim, when she has done reading her sermon, John when Good- Twoshoes comes next Friday, I desire she may not be disturbed by theological con- troversies. You have a very fair voice, and I heard you and the maids singing a hymn very sweetly the other night, and was thankful that our humble household should be in such harmony. Poor old Twoshoes | is so old and toothless and quaky, that she can't sing a bit ; but don't be giving yourself airs over her, because she can't sing and you can. make her comfortable at our kitchen hearth. Set that old kettle to sing by our hob. Warm her old stomach with nut brown ale and a toast laid in the fire. Be kind to the poor old school-girl of ninety, who has had leave to come out for a day of Christmas holiday. Shall there be many more Christmases for thee ? Think of the ninety she has seen already ; the four score and ten cold, cheerless, nipping New Years ! If you were in her place, would you like to have a remembrance of better early days, when you were young, and happy, and loving, perhaps ; or would you prefer to have no past on which your mind could rest? About the year 1788, Goody, were your cheeks rosy, and your eyes bright, and did some young fellow in I powder and a pigtail look in them ? We may grow old, but to us some stories never are old. On a sudden they rise up, not dead, but living-not forgotten, but freshly remembered. The eyes gleam on us as they used to do. The dear voice thrills in our hearts. The rapture of the meeting, the terrible, terrible parting, again and again the tragedy is acted over. Yesterday, in the street, I saw a pair of eyes so like two which used to brighten at my coming once, that the whole East came back as I walked lonely, in the rush of the truck, and I was young again "in the midst of joys and sorrows, alike sweet and sad, alike sacred, a.) J fondly remembered. If I tell a tale out of school, will any harm comes to my old school-girl ? Once, a lady gave her a half sovereign, which was a source of great pain and anxiety to Good- Twoshoes. She sewed it away in her old stays somewhere, thinking here at least was a safe investment-(vestís-a vest-an investment, pardon me, thou poor old thing, but I cannot help the pleasantry). And what do you think ? Another pen Eionnaire of the establishment cut the coin out of Goody's stays-an old woman who went upon two crutches ! Faugh, the old witch ! What ? Violence amongst these toothless, tottering, trembling, feeble ones ? Robbery amongst the penniless ? Dogs coming and snatching Lazarus's crumbs out of his lap ? Ah, how indignant Goody was as she told the story ! To that pond at Potsdam where the corps live for hundreds of hundreds of years, with bunches of blue mould on their back, I daresay the little Prince and Princess of Preussen-Britannien come sometimes with crumbs and cakes to feed the mouldy ones. Those eyes may have goggled from beneath the weeds at Napoleon's jack- boots : they have seen Frederick's lean sharks reflected in their pool and perhaps Monsieur de Voltaire has fed them-and now, for a crumb of biscuit they will fight, push, hustle, rob, squabble, gobble, relapsing into their tranquillity when the ignoble struggle is over. Sans Souci, indeed ! It is mighty well writing " Sans Souci " over the gate ; but where is the gate through which Care has not slipped ? She perches on the shoulders of the sentry in the sentry-box : she whispers the porter sleeping in his arm-chair : she glides up the staircase, and lies down between the king and queen in their bed. royal : this very night I daresay she will perch upon poor old Goody Twoshoes's meagre bolster, and whisper, " Will the gentleman and those ladies ask me again ? No, no ; they will forget poor old Two slices." Goody! For shame of yourself ! Do not be cynical. Do not mistrust your fellow-creatures. What? Has the Christmas morning dawned upon thee ninety times ? For four score and ten years has it been thy lot to totter on this earth, hungry and ODE cure? Peace and goodwill to thee, let us say at this Christmas season Come, drink, eat, rest awhile at our hearth, their poor old pilgrim! And of the bread which God's bounty gives us, I pray, brother reader, we may not forget to set aside a part for those noble and silent poor, from whose innocent hands war has torn the means of labour. Enough! As I hope for beef at Christmas, I vow a note shall be sent to Saint Lazarus Union House, in which Mr. Round- about re our Bts the honour of Mrs. Twshoea' company on Friday, 26th December. 