AN UNPREJUDICED NEW ARRIVAL'S VIEW OF THE TOWN. BRISBANE - take lt altogether - is unques- tionably pretty. Visitors admit the fact, residents repeat lt to visitors, until every- body knows lt. But Brisbane is more than questionably dirty, especially in that part of lt mentioned hereafter. It is almost en- tirely devoid of drainage also, and seems to be badly managed in its corporate affairs: The climate ls undeniably the best, and almost the only doctor, or the consequences to some of the inhabitants would be awful. There ls Frog's Hollow, for instance, which. " with a sort of verdure clad," bears its name in all truth, perfectly free from any touch of fable ; for, in that damp locality, a number of the amphibious little croakers live, and scorn to thrive, while those other dwellers, householders, lodgers, and so forth almost as amphibious as the " Hollow's" patronymic are in anything but a thriving state, so far as health is concerned. But how can the people help it? Miasma is not by any means a health restorer, nor is damp conducive to the propagation and growth of much else than rheumatics and snails, and that miasma and damp exist in Frog's Hollow is plain to any unprejudiced observer - plain as that the hollow is rightly named. It docs not require much space or trouble to describe the locality. The " hollow " ls situated almost in the very heart of the town, and Elizabeth, Charlotte, Mary, Mar- garet, and Alice streets (all parallel) have a taste of its very bad quality; and Albert street, which runs at right angles with the five feminine named thoroughfares men- tioned, goes through the middle of the un- savoury and uninviting spot. People must live in the place. Oh, yes, indeed, they must, because it is close to business, and although the rents are high, the short dis- tance to " everywhere " is an overbalancing advantage ; therefore, houses of four rooms, at 30s. a week, are comparatively cheap and in demand. Many new houses are going up, others are going down, and some which appear to have been built there lately, have been poised for the most part on long piles, as If the rooms themselves were vital, and desired to be as far removed from the companionship of frogs, snails, green stagnation, and mud, as possible. Some of them, also, have a queer sort of twist about their openings --having been built on bad foundations, no doubt - and that gives one the impression that even the houses are continually screwing up their noses at the horrid nasty effluvia they are bound to take in, morning, noon, and night. Others, that were built apparently before the corporation made their improvements! (save the mark), have a decidedly low look- ing appearance, being down floored, down- hearted, and seem altogether doggedly de- termined to perish where they stand. For the more effectual carrying out of this laud- able intention, some of them have had their lower extremities attacked by "cobra," or by dry rot, and have pulled their hats over their eyes (roofs over their win- dows, it should be), in a defiant sulky manner. But to leave the ricketty new and old buildings, and take up the question of " what should be done to remedy the evil." The answer is a plain one. Ann street and other thoroughfares of the city seem to be troubled with great causes of distress in the shape of heaps of slate, gravel, and stone, which they could spare with advantage to themselves, and increased safety to passengers. Why not then take this superfluous stuff away, deposit it In Frog's Hollow, and thus fill up the filthy puddle. There would then be a chance of doing away with a place which must even now be (at least) a dreadful nuisance, and that will assuredly become worse as the town is more densely populated. To say here, how many feet the present level of Frog's Hollow should be raised, is not perhaps at all necessary. One thing, however, is plain, until it is raised - a number of feet too - no drainage can be effected as the river waters, at high tide, flow at almost as high a level, as the Frog's Hollow matter stagnates and putrifies. In approaching any of the (sub) marine residence of the Hollow, the visitor ought to be cautious, and should carefully pick his stops over the "flood stones" laid down at intervals, it would not be quite agreeable to mistake the carcase of a defunct canine for a fair round " boulder," nor would it be advantageous to any one but the tailor and bootmaker to miss one's footing. Beyond a few difficulties of the sort montioned, Frog's Hollow seems to be a not less com- fortable " Eden " than that in which Mark Tanley reached the height of his "jollity" - a raging brain fever and ague all at the one time - and is much more certain in the in- tensely hot weather said to prevail in Queens- land in summer, to lend to something resem- bling these very undesirable human ills. It is in some instances humanity to put a period to the life of an aged "honest watch," and often necessary to "do away with" the superfluous young progeny of "Tabby-" but it is desirable in these cases that the confiding or unconscious brutes should be conveyed to a distant pool before their bodies are committed to the deep. To drop them from the front parlor window into greenest stagnation, and then to see them " come again," like Hamlet's father's ghost, to take up a position in full view of the premises, should be at once put an end to, not by having the drowning stopped, but the place of drowning filled up. Proprietors of houses and land object to the filling up process of course, proprietors almost always do object to any real improve- ment for the general weal being carried out, if by any chance they are likely to be called upon to pay one shilling towards the cost. Touch Mr. Proprietor's lungs with a strong dash of consumption, his heart with palpita- tion, his limbs with rheumatism, and his brain (when he has any) with favor, or do all these things at once to him ; but do not touch his breeches pockets : Spare that, and he would bless you, die rich, and contented of any number of diseases, and leave his hoarded wealth to as great a fool as him- self, and have his memory grumbled at ac- cordingly, for having left so little behind. " Kill a man's family, and he may brook it; But keep your hands out of his breeches pockets." Brisbane in the respect of Frogs' Hollow is like many a beautiful picture, spoiled by one foul blot, which might be rubbed off most effectually if the proper material were used in the operation. There is capital required io do it with, energy also, and skill and care; the first of all these being the most im- portant; but when taken into account, and compared with what it could do for the health of the place, it sinks into the merest nothing. Brisbane is reputed rich in credit; why then not use its good name, and bor- row more money for reproductive works ? Why have the corporation allowed vested rights to grow up in disease, engendering filth! A Building Act might have done a little good, and an act of parlia- ment might have been obtained to compel every proprietor of land in Prog's Hollow to raise his land to a given level, or to enable the corporation to do it for him. Even now it is not too late; a bill might be passed to enable the corpora- tion to borrow money for the purpose, and to impose an extra rate to meet the interest of the money expended, or the government might take all the land at arbitration value, fill it up, drain it, sell a portion, reserve a site for a market, and make Brisbane in this particular respect, a complete picture of a city. The mercantile success of such a course must be obvious. One or two in a community cannot do much without public countenance and as- sistance. It is, therefore, not altogether wonderful, that the improvements on the streets in the " Hollow" should have been long in completion - not to say imperfect in construction. The intention of the work done was evidently to force proprietors to fill up to the street level, and as these pro- prietors doubtless had their say in op- position to any attempt on their money bags, the works having been so far carried out, is, under the circumstances, almost astonishing. Two things are apparent, first, a desire to have the work of improvement gone on with; secondly, a determination that nothing shall be done. From what has been done, it is obvious that the first is pre- vailing ; but from what is said as to the slowness of the progress, lt is also as clear that the second will "stick out," and one effect of such stubborness must follow. A great deal of time will elapse before the de- sired result can be obtained, unless some vigorous step be taken. Time will natu- rally increase the value even of the wettest and nastiest lots of land in the Hollow, and thereby the difficulty will be increased. To go to work at once, therefore, is a saving of time, of money, and, what is of infinitely more consequence than both - of health. " Ills of themselves grow stronger by delay." To work, then, at once, and do away with Frogs Hollow, pestilence, and death. 