IE PITOME. Friday Evening. The municipal election lins been the exciting topic of tbe week. Meetings of ratepayers and speeches of candidates have afforded pabulum to newspapers mid quid nuncs, and amusement and excitement to tho general public. Thursday iras polling day, when, strangely enough, not more tbnn one-fourth of the ratepayers on the roll availed of tho ballot; but that there was a consi- derable agreement of opinion amongst them is evidenced by the fact that tho Aldermen elect have been returned by very high majorities over the unsuccessful candidates. Messrs. Arthur Martin, A. J. Bookings, and W. Brookes, are the gentlemen elected, iu tho order in which they are here named. A public meeting wns convened on Thursday evening to consider the best means of collecting tho fund still required to enable the building of tlio new School of Arts, Brisbane, to be at once proceeded with j but owing to the paucity of atten- dance thc principal business was postponed. Several influential gentlemen were present at the time appointed, and the proceedings were formally initiated by the Mayor. From tbo report of the committee of tho School of Arts, which has been published, it appears that the whole amount sub- scribed by the citizens does not exceed £500. To entitle the institution to the £1000 promised by tho Government, and voted by Parliament, for the new building, an equal amount must be raised by private subscription. Surely another £500 will be contributed by our fellow-townsmen to seeure for Brisbano ii respectable hall to meet in, and one worthy of tho titlo of a work of art. The share list of the Brisbane Gas Company is filling up rapidly, and already nearly three-fourths of the required capital is subscribed. Something like spirit is exhibited by the present contractor ol'the mails for Brisbane and Ipswich, Mr. James Wood. He has Bent orders to Mel- bourne for two first-class coaches, for carrying passengers, to be constructed on the principle which has been found so advantageous for the large traffic conducted by Cobb and Co. in Victoria and New South Wides. The unwelcome news of two wrcckB on Bamp- ton Shoal bas been received in Brisbane, this week. Tbe first was tbe American whaler Hope, Captain Gifford j tho second tho Sporting Lass, of Sydney, Captain Bennett, also on a whaling cruise. It is remarkable that Captain Bennett was formerly a sufferer by shipwreok on the Bamp- ton Shoal. His vessel, the Prince of Denmark, was lost there a few months ago; and from her remains he built another vessel, the Hamlet's Ghost, in which he and his crew came to Brisbane. Captain Gifford and the greater part of his shin's company arrived here in their boatB on Thursday morning; ono boat, with seven mon on board, in charge of the third mate, parted company at sea, on tho night of tho 19th instant, and, it is sup- posed, took a course for Sydney, where, wo hope, she will arrive in safety, wo regret, however, to learn that the boat was not in good condition, and lhere is some fear that sho may have suffered casualty. Captain Bennett and all his ship's com- pany arrived to-day. The lion. J. Martin, First Minister of the Go- verninent of New South Wnles, having gained bis seat by a second election, appeared in his place in thc Legislative Assembly yesterday, and an- nounced that his ministry intend to deal with the Estimates only during tho present session. His ministry have initiated a pinching financial re- form, but tho judiciousness of their attempts to economise in some departments may reasonably be questioned. Mr. Charles Kean, tho great tragedian, has ar- rived in Sydney, whore ho is to appear in a round ol' Shnkspjiean impersonations. On Wednesday evening u publio meeting was held in the Wesloynn Church, Albert- street, to organise a Home Missionary and Church Exten- sion Society; mid tho basis of the association waB agreed to. During tho week thero bas been a Conference of tho representatives of the several Presbyterian bodies ol' this colony to consummate a union nnder the titlo of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, upon the basis agreed to by the Conference held hero in July Inst. Tho union wns satisfactorily consummated, und thc formula duly subscribed. Subsequently a Synod was elected, with tlio Rev. S. Wilson as Moderator, and at their sittings all matters relating to Church procedure, exten- sion of missions, and others of importance wero arranged. A very livoly cricket match was played yester- day, between eleven of tho passengers by the Im- migrant ship Fiery Star, and eleven of nil Bris bnno" selected from tho Brisbane and Victoria Clubs. Tho local team were ominently successful, nnd achieved an ascendancy over the new lumina- ries which tho hitter, ns tho challengers, could hardly havo anticipated. All Brisbane scored, in the first and only innings, 1S6 runs; against 103, scored In two innings, by tho Fiery Star. An eclipse of the moon wns observed in Bris- bane on thc evening of tho 25th instant. In the local almanacs it was announced to take place on tho 21th. The Primitive Methodist body has accepted a contract for tho building of a now church in Rock- hampton. Two now quartz reefs have been struck on the Peak Downs gold fields. Tlie nccounts from tho copper mines nro favorable. The town of Bowen, Port Denison, has no secure lock-up; and, consequently, offenders agninst the law are chained up for seourity. The necessity for resorting to this barlnirious mode of securing offenders is deservedly condemned j and it should be removed ns soon ns possible. Mr. llourcicnult, editor and proprietor of tbs " Northern Argus," has lind occasion to display bis proficiency in tho art of self-defence, as appears from a graphic report furnished by the " Rock- hampton Bulletin," ol'a personal recontre between that gentleman mid Mr. .Morrissett. A Servants' Home, long n desideratum, has been established in Brisbane. At an influential meet- ing of ladies and gentlemen held on Wednesday Inst, in the Municipal Council Chambers, the rules ol' the new institution nero adopted, and com- mittees appointed to direct and superintend Its working. A crown lands salo by auction took place on Wednesday, nt the Brisbane Police Court, and several lots situoted in tlio parishes of Oxley, Bunya, mid Tingalpa were disposed of. Telegraphic communication has been two or three times interrupted during the week, owing to severo thunderstorms. A very distressing child murder is reported from Toowoomba. Tho guilty party is n young servant woman named Grubb, who is now in cus- tody, but too ill for tho coroner's inquest to pro- ceed. On Tuesday evening, an entertainment In aid of tho Volunteer Hand fund was given in the Armoury, before n numerous and respectable audi- ence. Messrs. Watson and Lang, members of the riflo corps, lectured on " Love and War," and the bond discoursed most excellent muslo to inspire auditors with feelings appreciative of both sub- jects. Mrs. Pettigrew and Miss Twino were thrown out of a buggy, while driving on Wickham Terrace, on Tuesday Inst, and tho young lady sustained a fraoturo of the left arm. Mrs. Pettigrew was also much shaken. A seaman nnmed Edward Cunningham filed an information against Captain Brough, of tho Rock- hampton, for endangering the lives of the pai songers mid the snfety of his ship while In these waters ? but when the caso was called on, In due course, at the Water Police Court, there was no appearance of either Informant or defendant j con- sequently the matter was dismissed. A public tea meeting, in connection with tbe Baptist Sunday 8chool in this city, was given In the Wharf-street clutroh on Tuesday evening, and was numerously nttended. Mr. James Smith, ex-lessee of the South Ferry,' was summoned before the Polico Court for an infringement of tho Municipal Regulations, in plying for hire on the river with the steamer Premier, and carrying passengers to and from South Brisbane. Owing to un informality the In- formation wns dismissed. Further litigation in this mutter hus been initiated. The first draft of the Queensland Co-operative Society luis located on tho banks of the Mary River, where they Intend to carry on cotton culti- vation. " Owing to tho nant of a quorum, the usual fort- nightly 'meeting of the Brisbane Municipal Counoil lapsed'on .Monday lust. The accounts of the wheat crops lu theWarwiok district ure fur from encouraging. The rust is-, milking havoc on some ol' the farms. _ In the neighborhood ol'Toowoomba the caterpillar bas appeared on the cultivated lands. The cricket match between tho Brisbane and Victoria Clubs was concluded on Saturday last. Tho old established club, with the local title, won with eight wickets to spare. (iovernment have Invited tenders for the con- struction ol' twenty miles ol' railway?from Ipswich to tho billie Liverpool Hiinge. The Brisbane Literary Society held a meeting on .Monday evening. Public attention is earnestly directed to the itece-sitv for establishing an agricultural society for the ilrisbnne and Knit Moreton distrlot. Kleven cricketers of Sydney have sent a chal- lenge to play sixteen of Brisbano, and a match is likely to result. 