MELBOURNE. LATEST INTELLIGENCE [YbOK OUB OTS COREEfSPOXDEXT.] Saturday, 15th Auguit, 1S63. The "announcement, by the Herald, that Sir Ire-, land had been appointed a Queen's Counsel, and presented with a silk gown by his brethren at the Bar, in recognition of his position there, and long services in the Iaw department, has been the theme of some conversation in Melbourne, not much to the " honorable * gentleman's credit. In order ic oc cupy a creditable position in society, it is not alone necessary that a man should be placed on a pedestal, but also that, when there, the moral contour of his personality should be lines of beauty, not instigations of offence and loathing to the beholders. Queen's Counsel forsooth ! Mr. Ireland's behaviour at Bal larat is not yet forgotten, nor that he was to have been the co-respondent in a case, where he would have appeared "at the "Bar," in any capacity but that of counsel. His unblushing political tergiver sation too, and the utter unscrupulousness with which he has followed, through all dirty pjaces, the scent of "pensions to retiring members," is sugges tive, to a good many minds, of the couplet in Gays' celebrated opera- . " The Beggars are coming to town, Some in rags, and some in tags, And some in silken gowns." Pepper's " Ghost" has given another alarming proof of the shocking materiality to which things spiritual are being reduced. A t the Theatre Royal, this (Saturday) evening, a crowded house assembled to witness " Pepper's celebrated ghost effect, or fifteen minutes with the spirits." At the conclusion of the first piece, Mr Barry Sullivan appeared before the curtain, and, with horror depicted on his coun tenance,. informed the audience, not that he u had seen a spirit," but that owing to an injunction from the Supreme Ceurt, issued at the instance of the .'patentees," the jrhost would not be able to make. an appearance that evening ; but' that- wh'en' the matter had been duly settled, he would promise them a visitation from not one spirit'but a half a dozen spirits. He could not see why the Theatre Royal, being the ."best adapted for the purpose of any theatre in town," should not have the best light to the exhibition of the spirits, but in the meantime he apologised for their " unavoidable absence." COMMERCIAL.' Business still continues very dull-quieter than'it has been at the same season for some years past. No sales of any importance hare been effected this day. , ' The Customs Revenue collected at the Port of Melbourne, on Friday, the 14th August, amounted to L3,171 7s. \- The number of persons arrived at the Port of Melbourne during the past week amounted to 95 ; the whole number from the neighboring colonies. Messrs Baillie and Butters report a good day's business for Saturd-iy. Very little change in prices, but stock changing hands rapidly. We have effected sales in Colonial Banks at £7 ; Sobson's Bay Rail wav at £51 10s ; Collingwood Gas at £5 13s ; Hust ler's Reef at 15s ; Catherine Reef (Keith's) at 2s 6d; and Bonsbaw Company, Ballarat, at £116 ; Bendigo Gas are offered at X3 18s; Geelong, at same rate ; Beehive mining are aga'n enquired for, in conse quence of reports from the mine ; Hustlers are not firm; Stars, Tysons, and Comets are being looked .after at low rates. J. Everard and Co, tea brokers, Collins-street west, report:-The market is without alteration, pur chases being of a limited character to suit present requirements. This may partiallv be attributed to the absence of any demand for shipment, the New Zealand trade, having, for the present, ceased ; the same may be said of the Tasmanian trade, the duty having been there raised to6d per lb. Dealers will probably work off their old stocks before ordering more. In New South Wales, the market is lower than this, and in Adelaide, the stock is sufficient till direct supplies arrive. The nevrs by the present mail from China has not changed quotations. The Ettrick sailed from Foo Chow for Melbourne on June 3rd, with about 1,200 chests, 2,030 half-chests, 3,000 boxes Coongu,and a few boxes scented orange Pekoe ; the Kingfisher,from Hong Kong,June 17th,with 71.030 lbs weight; the Energie, from Hong Kong, June 27th, with tea and sundries, quantity not known The Alert has been chartered for Adelaide, and the Charlotte and Emma Mathilda for Melbourne. 