CHRISTMAS IN OLO ENGLAND. Mr. Edgar Ray appeared for the first time at St. George's-hall, on Saturday night, in a drawingroom entertainment to which the above title has been given. It was received with approbation by a good audience, and was repeated last evening with success Entertainments of a somewhat similar cha- racter hava ken popular in tho old country for sevcial years paBt, and wo have pre- viously made acquaintance with them hore. Thero is, however, a novelty in the idea which runs throughout tho " Ohristmas In Old England," und its merits otherwise are consi- derable. Tho descriptive portion of the en- tertainment is well and pleasantly written, but ils chief defect is an absence of the humour essential in things of the kind. It wants fun, and if a large moasure of success is desired, a rearrangement of the matter, and tho introduction in moro abundanco of anecdote, joke, and song might ha deslr oblo. With a chango of that nature effected, the entertainment would undoubtedly tako high rank. But if the descriptive por- tion of the entertainment fails in somo dtgrco to satisfy expectation, there can, at least, bo no doubt ns to the merits of tbo diorama by which it is illus- trated. As regards the latter there is no room for disappointment, aud the excellence of nearly all tho pictures presented is so great as to render them almost above criti- cism. It is the merest justice to the artists engaged in the work - namely, Mr. E. J. Greig, Mr. Chevalier, Mr. Hennings, Mr. J. Willis, Mr. E. A. Appleton, and Mons. H. Freyberger - to say that they have executed the task allotted to them in the most admirable manner. Such painting as most of the pictures exhibit is not always found off the stage, and rarely, if ever, on it. Tho title of the entertainment indicate; sufficiently the nature o the subject. It ii simply a chronicle in brief of the manner ii which the good old Christmas tune is spoil in England, of the outdoor and indoor life o that merry and hospitable season. Tho sub ject is of course a fertile one, and so far as th diorama goes ample justice has been done t< it. As we said in a preliminary notice of th entertainment, the story is told in twenty pic tureB, nil of thom of largo size. The first is th drop Bceno, beautifully painted by M. Che valier, and ropresonts old " King Christ map," cup in hand, pledging tho good am kindly wishes of tho season, from tho wassa! bowl, while around him are grouped the rt presentatives of all the more famous nurser stories appropriate to the season, such as " E George and the Dragon," " Mother Hubbard, "Little Red Riding Hood," "Jack the Giau killer," " Bluebîard and his Hopless Wives, " Ali IBaba and his Band of Robbers," " Put in Boots," &c.; Then comes the "Gatherlng-i of the Misletoe," a fine woodland landscape i tho winter time, with deep snow on the grouni and snow on every branch of every tre Tbe third picture gives the "Carol Singers who are singing their Christmas song in froi of the principal door of an old bnroninl hal The picture, one of the very best in ti whole diorama, anti a per feet gem in its wa is followed by a fine representation of ti custom known in days gone by as ti " Bringing Home of tho Yule Log." Next v have " The Waits " in a London street in ti early morning of a cold, blustering wint day, with snow inches deep in tho streei snow on the house-tops, snow on the window- sills, in crevices above shutters 'and door in short, snow everywhere. The picture is life-like one, and is one of tho gems of the di rama. Then follow "the Markets at Christm Time," and the truthfulness of tho painui will bo readily apparent to nil who have bei familiar with the streets of the " Great Citj tho "Roasting of an Ox on the Thamei " Skating on the Serpentine," "Snowballioi -a scene which brings back pleasant j uven recollectione-" Old Father Christmas," " T Christmas Treo," "Distributing the Chri maB Dolo "-a beautiful sceiio in the potch nu old castlo, -"FeoBting the tenants in baronial hall," and the " Christmas dinner the baron and his friends," &c.; Then, ago come one or two specially beautiful pictur "TheGhost Story," representing a group young people gathered round an ancle dame, who, seated before a bright f in a chamber of on old castle, with t moonlight streaming through the winde and lighting up the fisure of a knight armour, tells them a story which makes th young hearts beat quick and their faces p in fear. " Mummers in a country farm-houE " Snap- dragon," " Sir Roger do Coverle and last of all the " Christmas Pantomim with which the entertainment closes, e which is n really beautiful specimen of see art. From the foregoing it will be seen ti pictorially alone a rich treat is in store all who may be induced to spend an houi reviving recollections of "Christmas in ( England;" and we venture to think t there aro many who will witness the em tainment over and over again, and who i find fresh delight at every visit in the pictt which the different artists engaged have j djuced, in illustration of tho story which «entertainer has to tell. As giving some i of the labour involved in the preparatioi the diorama, we may repeat that it has b somewhere about six months in progi while the cost in money has not buen BB Mr. Ray himself is entitled to very con- siderable credit for the manner in which he gives effect to the literary part of the entertainment; and certainly makes the most of the materials at his disposal in their present shape. The incidental music has been arranged by Joseph Parker, who officiates as the nightly accompanist. It may not bo ont of placo to repeat i St. Gcorge's-hall has been very handsoti and tastefully fitted up for tho entert ment, and that the arrangements gener are such as to contribute largely to the c fort and pleasure of the audience. To altogether, " Christmas in Old England' servis to enjoy a successful run during approaching season of festivity. 