MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. The Prince in the Spinning-Mill.— A contemporary, in describing the Prince of Walcs's visit to Dean Clough Mills, says:- A Dleasinir incident occurred in this, vast diamber, filled with a congregation of girls busy at their work. As the Prince entered no more notice was taken of him than of any other individual. The girls drove their trade and fixed their threads most unconcernedly, but from end to end of the room a song was heard, passed from machine to machine, and spreading around the machinery— h every where—perceptibly coming from nowher It was Brinley Richards's song, ' God bless the Prince of Wales.' The effect of this subdued but perfect harmony amidst all the bustle and life of the busy scene was extremely touching, and highly relished by the Prince and his companions.'— Birmingham Giuelte. A Hint for the House of Commons. —A fresh application of electricity has just been made in an apparatus for voting, presented to the Parliament of Vienna. Each of the deputies has before him, at his seat in the Chamber, two knobs, one white and the other black, and the vote is given by pressing one of them. Two frames are placed by the side of the President, upon one of which the affirmative votes appear as white points . on a b'ack ground, and the negative upon the other, in black spots on a white ground. Each pressure of the deputy's hand on the knobs is marked by electricity on one of the tablets, accord ing to the vote which he wishes to give. Prince Alfred. — Iu Her Majesty's ship Racoon (in which Prince Alfred is a lieute nant), the Prince's sleeping apartment is a place of special interest and many of the lady visitors are almost moved to tears by observing that almost the only ornament in the cabin is a fine portrait of the young sailor's mother, our well-beloved Queen. Greater objects of interest however, to the young male visitors arc the cigars, of rare brands, which lie carelessly strewn about the little cabin, and the pipes of all sorts which cover the top of the modest-looking chest of drawers. Colonel Benton on Loo-Rollino. — 'The root of all this vicious legislation, and the opprobrium of our Government, is a new power which has grown up at Washington, and which performs for legislation pretty much the same favour which caucuses and conventions perform for elections— that is, takes it out of the hands of the people's representatives, and puts it into the hands of self-constituted managers. These are the class of agents, now multiplied to scores, and organized into a body, and suuplied with all the meftns of conciliating members or combining interests. These guard the halls of legislation, and create interests strong enough to carry through bad measures, and to embargo the good, unless they consent to lend a helping hand to the bad. I am told the way now to get any large Bill tlirough Congress for a claim, or a contract, or even for a just grant of railroad land, i3 to apply to one of these agents as the effective man (members of Congress being considered quite secondary), armnge with him, and, like a good Grand Jury man, keep your own and your fellow's counsel. The great game of ' log-rolling'— or 'Help me in my job and I will help you in yours'— then begins, and a mass of conglomerated measures pass easily, many of which could get no support alone. To lend a hand at a pinching vote, to get out of the way of a pinching vote, now becomes the duty of the mollified members, and negative votes absent often answer the purpose as well as positive ones present ... It was the view of such proceed ings as these which induced the representative from North ('arolina (Mr. Venables) to say in a speech at Richmond, Virginia, that ' with money enough any Bill might be carried through Con gress.' '— American Paper. How to Improvise a Ghost. — As public attention is now being much occupied with that great sensational illusion, 'Professor Pepper's Ghost,' the (olio wins instruction for exhibiting a ghost from the British Journal of Photography, may not be uninteresting:— 'Erect a stage about six or seven feet high, and a few feet back from the front place two uprights for the support of a large sheet of plate-glass. Were the plate-glass even so large as to fill up the whole stage aperture it would be so much the better, as it would do away with the uprights ; but the resources of the glassmaker's art would not allow of it* being done. An aperture as wide as convenient must exist in the flour of the stage, extending from the front to the plate-glass. The hack of the stand front should be lined with black velvet or other similar non-reflecting sub stance, and directly in the centre and up against tins black background must be ? marked a place where the living embodi- | ment of the ghost is to stand. A powerful light, j but with the means of lowering it to a mini- ! mum, is now adjusted so that the living figure '? now standing in situ is well lighted, care being I taken that none of the rays are allowed to escape ! over the top of the stage front. The stage itself is bo lighted from the top or sides that no light is allowed to fall upon the large plate of glass. The ghost is in her place, the shutter before the lamp which illumines her, the alchemist h seated moodily at the side of the stage, the hall of exhi bition is darkened, nought being lighted but the stage, when at the proper time the screen is slid from the ghost's light or its gas is slowly turned on, and the image is reflected from the glass-plate (which, by the way, is not itself observed by the audience), the ghostly image of course appearing to be as far behind the glass-plate as it really is in front of it. The audience see with equal distinct ness the objects on the stage through the plate glass aud the spectral object reflected from its surface. It is obvious that the plate-glass should 1)C so inclined that the spectral object is reflected in the direction of the audience, and not alwve their heads, as would he the case were the mirror placed in an exactly vertical position.' The Speaker of the Hoctsb of Com mons on Farming.— Mojor- General Peel, M.P., went down to the Huntingdon wool fair recently, and before leaving town implored the Speaker to give him some hints with which he might 'pitch a yarn' to the Huntingdonshire farmers. The Speaker fivourcd the right lion, and gallant member with the following letter, dated July 6, 1863:— 'My dear General- You ask me how matters are going on in the farming world. The event most interesting to farmers that has occurred lately, especially to farmers cultivating strong clay lands, is the proved success of steam cultivation. It is the strong day lands which especially require help, and that help is now afforded them by the agency of steam. Ten years ago the North of England Agricultural Society offered a prize of £500 for an implement worked by steam, which should turn up and till the land, and prepare it for reception of seed. The idea that land could be ploughed by steam was treated with redicule by many. But the engineers and machine-makers set to work, the difficulties have been overcome one by one, and now it may be safely said that a 10-horse steam-engine placed in a field can do the work of cultivation both better and cheaper than it can possibly be done by horses. I have been for some years watching with great interest the pro gress of steam cultivation, but my farm was not large enough to warrant a large outlay on steam machinery. It happened this spring that a fine farm of between 000 and 700 acres of clay land came into my hands from a slovenly tenant. It seemed to me the time was come to coll in the aid of steam. Without troubling you as to the comparative merits of the different machine makers, I decided to adopt the form that seemed to me the most simple; 1 adopted the method of Mr. Smith, of Woolston. During the dry weather of the month of May, when Hie land was baked as hard as a brick, and when no implement moved Ky horses could make any impression, my 10-horee power steam-engine began its work, smashing and breaking up the land in a manner which was quite surprising. The farmers of the neighbourhood came to look on, and there was not a dissentient voice; every one said, 'This is what we want; this is the way to fallow clay land.' I have been able in the last two months to go over all the fallow land of the farm, and to put it in excellent con dition for future cultivation. You will ask what in the cost of the machinery, and at what cost per acre can the work be done. I answer both ques tions. The first cost of machinery is £500 (ten horse steam-engine by Clayton anuShuttleworth, £300 : two cultivators and wire rope, £200). Where the ground is very hard the cost of the first time over is 6d. per acre; the second time over, where a broader, cultivator can be worked, 3d. per acre. The exact detail of the expenses are these (inde pendently of interest on outlay):— Engine-man, 2s. M. per day; windlass-man, 2s. 4L; ploughman, 28\. 4d.: two anchormen, 4s.; three boys, 2s.; watercart, man and horse, half of time, 3s. 4d. ; three-quarters of a pint of oil, 6d. : 7 cwt of coal, at 7d., 4*. Id.; total, £1 Is. 4d. The work is so good and so superior to work done by horses that many farmers said they would gladly pay £1 or even £1 10s. per acre to have their land so broken up. It is well worth the consideration of farmers how the first outlay may best be met whether by neighbours combining together, or whether by on arrangement with persons who would make it their business to let tbe machinery out to hire and to do the work at so much per acre. Farmers on strong clays should be looking out to, get the aid of steam on their lands; and steam, which has done such wonders in our fac tories- which has brought Edinburgh within 10 hours of London, and America within 10 days of England— will also perform important services for the cultivators of the soil.— Believe me, yours truly, J. Evelyn Denhox.'— Englidi Paper. MlTflE Private Life of a Tyrant.-— A letter published in the Presie sayi :— ' The position of the Grand Duke Constantine is really pitiable. Opposed on both sides, pursued by the daily in creasing mistrust of the old Russian party in St Petersburg, of which he was once the hope, he u at the same time the object of the violent hatred of the extreme Polish party. The fear for his life which preys on His Imperial Highness is well founded, although the National Government has, at least up to the time of the last execution, made great efforts to secure his personal safety. The National Government warned the Grand Duke not to take drives outside the town, as a plan had been made to carry him off. It had be come insupportable to. him to have to keep within the castle and its grounds, and to see him self continually surrounded by guardi-in uniform, and therefore he had resumed taking excursions, a'though wi:h a stronger escort In consequence of this warning, however, the Grand Duke now not only remains in his own apartment but can scarcely trust himself to appease his hunger. It is stated that on attempt has been made to poison some butter intended for his use, and that since then the' following precaution has been taken :— Elegant silver chests, fitted with safety locks, have been brought from Paris, iu which the platen destined for the imperial table are placed, and afterwards taken by a trustworthy servant into tbe kitchen. There the sen-ant receives the dishes after the cook has tasted in his presence of every one, as well as of all wines destined for the Grand Duke The chests ore then locked and carried to the table. The Grand Duke sees scarcely any one but his two adjutants. His family has already left Warsaw, and he has no pater desire than to follow them as soon as possible. % African Barbarity. — Leaving the Idembonwa quarter, where we lodged, our guide led us along the Field of Death to o small market place, which at this hour had begun, in Indian phrase, to 'cool.' A ten minutes' walk took us to the outermost gateway of the palace: it was guarded by a fetish altar on the left hand, and in front stood a suspicious clump of trees, which at once sufigested to me on Oro Grove. Having passed through the tumbledown gateway, we saw before us a spacious Bquarc, surrounded by broken brickwork ond adorned with noble trees. On one of these, which had apparently been lightning blasted, flights of turkey buzzards drew our atten tion to the form of a fine young woman, seated, and lashed hand and foot to a scaffolding of rough branches, which raised her ten or twelve yards from the ground. Tho birda had been busy with her eves, port of the bosom hod been eaten away, ond the skin was beginning to whiten— a ghostly sight— 'My Wanderings in West Africa,' by an F.R.G.S., in Fraser's Magazine. A Siberian Custom. — Oue of the customs among the peasantry is to hang a whip at the head of the lied. 1 never understood what this signified till my arrival here in Barnaoul, al though I had seen it at every peasant's cottage on the road. A nursemaid of mine left me to bo married, and some short time after she went to the Natehnlnick of the place to make a complaint against her husband. He enquired iuto the matter, when she coolly told linn her husband did not love her. He asked how she knew he did not love her. 'Because,' she replied, 'he never whipped me;' the instrument of custigi tioa hung over the bed, and had never once been used since their marriage. There is no accounting for taste; what one considers a proof of lovo another looks upon as a want of affection.— Tartar Steppes and their Inhabitant*. By Mm. Atkinsoni A Heavy Stake. — 1 went a fow days since with my friend Miss KosguildaofT to the bazaar, to buy a few articles I wanted for our journey. In one of the magazines was a lady past the heyday of life; she was still good-looking, and must at one timo have lieen very pretty. As she bowed to my friend on entering, I had the curiosity to enquire who she was, and was told she was a lady who had been lost and won at cards. I osked for an explanation, and learned that she was a Siberian beauty, married young to a gay and rich man, who was, what is very common in Siberia, a preat gambler, so that in a few years he ran through the grufiter part of a large fortune His wife knew nothing of this; but her, eyes were opened when one day a gentleman arrived at her house, which was out of town, and claimed her as liis property. It appeared that her husband and the claimant had been playing the whole night, ind the sun had risen high in tho heavens before the contest closed; when the former rose a ruined man, having lost every kopeck he was possessed of, besides land, home, furniture, horses, and even wife; she was his last stake. He asked his ad versary whether he would accept her as a stako. He had hoped by his lost hazard to retrieve his losses; perhaps it was fortunate for her that he lid not for she has now lived with her victor for Hi years, leading a most haiipy and exemplary life. It is certainly a novel way for husbands to get rid jf their wives.— Tartar Steppes and their lii/tabi tants. By Mrs. Atkinson. The Mother of George III. — As tho mother of the King she inhabited Carlton House, which contemporary prints represent as Mr. Hiackcniy points out with a perfect paradise of i garden, with trim lawns, green arcades, and vistas of classic statues. 'She admired these m :onipany with my Lord Bute, who had a lino classic taste, and sometimes counsel took and sometimes tea in the pleasant green arbours along with the polite nobleman.' As long as his mother lived, George HI. was a 'great Bhy awkward boy, under the tutelage of that hard parent' for such Mr. Thackeray accounts the Princess; affirming, indeed, that there is something to him exceedingly Couching in the simple early life of tho King; Mid declaring her Royal Highness to have been a :lever, domineering, cruel woman, who kept her household lonely and iu gloom, mistrustinu al. most all persons who came about her children. 'Sciugthc young Duke of Gloucester silent and unhappy once, she sharply asked him the cause of liis silence. 'I am thinking,1 said tho poor child. 'Thinking, Sir! and what!' 'lam think ing if ever 1 have a son I will not make him so unhappy as yon make me.' The other sons were nil wild, except George. Dutifully every evening George and Charlotte paid their visit to the King's mother at Carlton House. She had a throat com plaint, of which she died ; but to the last persisted iu driving ultout the streets to show she was alive. The night More her death the resolute woman talked with her son and daughter-in-law os usual, went to bed, and wos found dead there in the morning. 'George, be a King!' were the words she was for ever croaking iu the ears of her son ; and o King the simple, stubborn, affectionate, bigoted man tried to be.'* It is curious to think that this strong-minded woman's favourite occu pation, even after marriage, had been drcnsiiig and undressing a doll.— Cotbimi's New Monthly. The Kev. Dr. Cairo on Kovel ItEADiKo.— The sixth lecture of the scries to the Glasgow Younc Men's Christian Association was recently delivered by Dr. Caird, of Park Church, llic lecture-'1 Poetry ond Fiction; their uses'— was an eloquent one. After giving as his main objection to novel-reading that it was too pleasant tho Doctor said— 'It is a painful bathos to a sentimental youth to pass from sighing with ltomeu to serving out lea and sugar to old women over a counter -from fancying hiinxelfa knight in black mail rushing like a Ktorm on his rival in the lists, and shouting 'Desdechado to the rescue!' to feeling himself a junior clerk or a man of business, whose highest function is to bo familiar witfi the jjiice of pig iron, the taru on tallow, or the drawback on rum and molasses. It _ is amazingly more easy for a languid, feeble minded lady to lie all the morning on a sofa, iu a flutter of sham Hcntimeiit over the preternatural amiabilities and Iack-a-daUical sorrows of Paul Dombty or Little Nell than to get up and leach her own real live children to spell h, u, double f, huff: just in the same way, if we descend from the drawing-room to the kitchen, Betty the cook, or Mary the housemaid, in these days of tho march of intellect deems it most aggravating to her feelings to lie torn uway by the summons of the hell from the loves uf that fascinating bandit chief, or Iw forced by an approaching step to shove the 'Corsair's Bride,' or 'The Sorrows of a Forsaken One,' under a duster, and begin to clean knives and scour saucepans.' Juvenile Education in America.— America, like ancient Greece, understands the im uortaucc of education of the Imdy, that it should ueep peace with that of tl.e intelligence and the heart. A large number of bchools begin by exer cises that amuse the children, while at the Hamu time they develop their muscular force. At New York I visited a school containing fourteen hundred children. When I'arrivcd the children were all ranged in columns along the sides of the largo room. When the clock struck nine one of the mistresses took her place at the piano, which in strument fills a conspicuous part in public instruc tion, and performed one of Beethoven's finest marches. In an instant all the columni bounded forward, going through the most graceful move ments, forming living chains interwoven into each other, now uniting, now separating, and all done with an accuracy that was really amazing, Sud denly a partition was removed, as if by enchant ment, and there, upon a distant amphitheatre, hundreds of quite young children were gulag through the same evolutions. There was some thing fantastic in the whole scene. Independently of tue pleasure it gave the mind, it charmed tho eye, as a fine landscape or a fine picture might have done. These exercises unite the advantages of both gymnastics and dancing, and ore calculated to strengthen the muscles, particularly those of the cheat, and to give lightnes, elasticity, and grace to the body.— JVine Months in the United States during tltc Crisis. By tine Rev. George Fiscli, D.D. Kats and Mice. — A correspondent de scribing himself 'one grievously afflicted with rats and mice,' asks for any rcmoJy, traps and poison excepted, to which last he objects on ac count of the danger in using it The 'best meana our correspondent can employ to rid himself of these destructive pests is to mix about one part of calcined gypsum, reduced to very fine powder, with two parts of oat or barley meal; lay this in tbe places most frequented by your enemies, taking care to keep it os dry os possible. This mixture ia tasteless, but should not be handled with tho naked hand, but with thick gloves on. BjUi rota and mice will devour this greedily, and more especially if no grain or other food be within their reach. Its action will be to create an iutolcraljlq thirst; and if water be placed in shallow vesscla near the mixture, the vermin will rush to it drink, and instantly die; the water causing the gypsum to set as hard as a stone in their stomachs. This is much safer and better than poison, which should never be used where any of the domestic animals, have access to it.— Scottish Farmed. Sunday Whistlino. — Yesterday (Sun day week) a lady lost her dog in Edinburgh, and having forgotten her dog-whistle, she hastily naked a man she met to whistle him back. In her hurry, however, she had not remarked his unsteady gait apd bloated face, and was not a little surprised when, instead of giving a 'whistle loud and shrill,'' ho hiccuped out with severe gravity— 'Thla la not a day for whistling, Mem.'— Engltth Paper, Value op a Plohoh. — Among the Kaffirs agriculture is considered to be a kind of lalwur unworthy of a warrior, ond is tlieWoro entirely left to the women. When they first saw a plough at work, they gazed at it in astonished and delighted silence. At last one of them gave utterance to his feelings:-' See how the thing tears up the ground with its mouth 1 It is of more value than five wives 1' Lust of Power.— Tho examples of all ages show us that mankind in general desire, power to do harm, and, when they obtain it usq it for no other purpose. Suitor Suited. The young man wio asked the daughter's hand and got the father's foot had the consolation of knowing that his wooing was not bootless. If 12 persons were to agree to dine together every day, but ne?er sit exactly in the same order round the table, it would take them 13,000,001) years, at the rate of one- dinner a day— and they would have to eat more than 470,000,000 dinners before they could so through all the pos sible arrangements in which they could place themselves. A has only one change, A B two, AB C six. four letters 24, five 120, six 720, seven 5,040, eight 40,320, nine 302,8*0, ten 3,028,800, eleven 39,916,800, twelve 479,001,6011. In a London paper is to be found the following curious matrimonial advertisement:— 'Marriage.— The advertiser wishes to meet with a young woman who has but one leg.' \--£f' Mr. O. E. Tidemann requests us to call the. special attention of Persons Furnishing ' Dealers,, and others to. This Day's Sale ot valunble Household Furniture and Effects, which will be held at 2 o'clock p.m., on the Premises, corner of Gouger-street and West- terrace. 