' LOCA.il IM TELLIQENCE. ' RAILWAY' IUiM.Bftr.-Though thia is em ago of pro- gresa and everything nboro na,' below' úa, and nil round about Hf", proclaims tho triumph of mind over matter, yet credulity so far from being extinct, ia still n. Tory markotablo commodity in tho hands of tho wide-awake. Wo aro nut, therefore, surprised that tho publia still con- tinue.to believe in, nud swallow Morrison's pills, Hollo- way's ointment, Shakspore as ho is played, ministerial promises, bushrangiug impunity, ooloniul wine, und dis- appointed patriotism. lu fact, experience having Bhewn us what people will behove in, in tho face of most con- vincing proofs of their absurdity, wo flattered ourselves that tho «il admiran stago of our oxistonco was trium- phantly attained, and that we could say to our belief in honum crcdulit; as Canuto said to tho waves-"Thus far «halt thou go, and no fur thor." But like that aforesaid potentate, wo lind wo havo put our foot in it. It waa reserved for that mighty inundating medium, tho Herald, to dispel our, allusion and force, us to cry peccavimvt. "An occasional railway truveller" (ho must bo very occa- sional) makes that respectable journal tho Tohicle of soino-portment, or rather impertinent remarks on tho in- explicit pat ure of the Railway Time Tobies, and actually asks for absolution of tho mistoryl "Tell it not in Oath. -publish it Wt in Askclon." Tho consternation in the work-house iv mai. Oliver Twist askod "for mora," could hove been notlii\qj^^gjjlvanio Bhock which must 1mve been imparted to tflb-~.¿u|¡^^viommental system from the virgin head to its /aíí.'-»^-.j*!z2ínai, forsooth, about a railway 1 Shades of tho original llradshaw'î ' Spirit of that time-honoured medium of public misguidance I Mighty chronicler nf trains arriving at their destination teu minutes before they started, ami other trains starting and never arriving nt all. Inscrutable wizard of financial complexity, under whose potont spell the fascinated pub lio puid throe times as much for snort distances as they did for long ones, and found tho ponny-o-milo train more costly thou tho Hrst-class. ? : Incomprehensible dostroyer of all the geographical and typogrupliieal illusions learned in vulgar schools, how your old .bones must/rattloin thoir grave at the audacity of.a'presumptuous denizoii of tiiis antipodean spook on the.ocean using Iiis- gacae^wll and foolscap to ask such ali idiotio question I Sbados of the good old days, spirits of routine, red tiipo and cir- cumlocution rip up and nt him, burst his boiler and crush his tender, and Bond him to immortal ' Bina ali ! When tho railway to Goulburn is finished in about sixty years timo, mutiner» may have changed and' times may huvo degenerated to tho extent of giving public infor- mation, bul till then trains will come and go when they Uko, whore they like, and how they liku, and if occasional ruilwny travellers don't like that, they are at perfect liboifyto lump it and walk. By order W.M.A.. CIIEAV TttAVBtitNO.-According to promise, that promising legislator, liobort Stewart, Esq,, MM'., who ohoorfnUy undertakes to do any nmcmnt of grave work for tho "public good," moved in tho Assembly the fol- lowing resolution, which was, of course, duly carried ak tho point of the " tail" :- - ! This ll o use considéra that Members should bo Entitled to travel by railway free, 1 -'' I Aa well as their ladies und fuinilies too, In order to save the wear of the shoe. ' . Tho motion led to o great debate, in which the young gent who is serving his apprenticeship ; to the J?retnitr~ ship business displayed wonderful powers of Ventrilo- quism, to tho immense delight and astonishment of his papa. Several "honorable" gentlemen have' already' availed themselves of the privilego' of travelling,at'tho oxpense of tho unfortunate people, who will npxt.be called upon to pay the beer and grog seores of their respected nud respectable representatives. In' brdor to prevent gentlemen, like Mr Clarke, who are '* liot yet" enjoying the privileges of thu " tail"'from availing them- selves of Mr Stewart's " patriotic" more,an order will be issued requiring Members and their "friends" to wear a distinguishing budge when they present themselves for gratuitous transmission on the railways. Where will " liberal" meanness stop P TUB OFFICIAI» ACUONATTT.-In an article highly eulogistic oftlio llrunoiul policy of the Government and tho ninnziiigly ' satisfactory condition' of thc rovelmo, tho Hunter-street oracle, a few days since, oftor some very complimentary allusions to Hon. John, informs us tliat our respect od Ministerial ' friend' is a gentleman of very elevated notions, since, ' ho had always been floating in balloons, and the mystery to the outer world is how. his gos hus lusted so long.' We woro not, previously, aware that Mon. Lnndj was so neronaiitionally inclined as to bo perpetually in nubibin owing to the enduring qualities of his 'gas,' but, as our great contemporary has said so, wo aro, of course, bound to believe it. Oar hon friend may however console himself with tho reflection tlinthe is nut tho only innn. whoso " gas" isa " mystery to the uiiior.^wnrtil- a-face -of -whlch_l.hu article - in- question furnishes ample evidence. As the tofrostriiil prospects of the Ministry ure about as flout ishing ai tlioltevc'rme, we presume that as. Hon John has- talleri to'*i-fl6iting'in balloons" he contemplates accepting office, and intro- ducing the principle of " freo selection" into the Isle of Sky! . THE GnosT.-As our spiritual visitant is in all pro- bability "doomed for a considerable time to »-ul-tho night"'at tho Victoria Theatre, and by tho day to stare us in tho face at every- turn, in all tho varieties of typr and colour, it lias occurred to us that there would, bo now n Ano oponing for a good IOCA_ SENSATION DEAMA founded on the various moving incidents and stirring features connected with tho present Session/ "We hive no doubt, that among, the superabundance of dramatic uuthors in tho town, ono could be found capable of turn- ing our suggestion to good account}. but RS two head» are bettor than ono (except on a tossing shilling), wo de- ferentially submit tho following idea as a good subject for spiritual manifestation. The Ghost of Parkes os the Inn Spectre, with Cowper seeing'through, and Dar- vall walking into him % while Martin os the "efllffyof äutnu," surrounded by the Spirits of the Malakoff and Redan from the Engineer's department, and lighted np by tho Legislativo Assembly Company's Gas, would, we imagino, form n tableau of weird horror " more easily imagined than described." EXTHEMKiA- MODEST.-Thero is certainly notliing liko haring a good opinion of ono's self, no: matter what may be the sentiments of oilier people. : Every- body^ is of ocurso aware of, enid daly .'appreciates th» retiring modesty daily displayod' by, our bashful con- temporary, tho Herald. But ' notwithstanding "this truly amiable quality, there aro times whoa tho "great organ" peals forth a few. notes of self-admiration, to ths infinito anmsoment of tho lovers of fun. Speaking about the reduction of the gold duty and other fiscal mutters, our delicately sensitive friend, with a sweet smile of " self-complacency, assures .us that" tho tea and sugar duties would have shared the same feto but for th* opposition of this journal'' This is speaking out, and no mistake-and does much credit to our friend's good taste and discretion., If the Herald?* "Opposition" pre- served tho tea arid sugar duties, the lovers of tho " cup that cheers, but not inebriates" are under many obliga- tions to that illustrious journal for its kindness. The assertion is however a very 'questionable one, for if we remember rightly the "opposition" that defeated th* attempt to reduce these duties wns that raised by an oxtromcly liberal "pcoplo's Ministry." JlïSTEltious.-Hamlet says there aro stranger things in Heaven and Karth than are dreamt of in our philoso- - pliy, and there is certainly a peculiar significance in th» subjoined cxtraot,from Bell'* Life in Victoria of August 29tli, taken in connection with tho "vcxatn queatio" si to tho origin "of the Ghostly Fhonomona now frightening our model city trom its propriety. We giv.o. .the para- graph verbatim, and leave our readers to draw their own inferences t-" Our Sydney Correspondent says : Many of your readers will regret to hour that Mr 1'. ic, ¿tc, ¿to, died on Tuesday Jost. Tho deceased had be<>n com- plaining for some time, hut the immediate cause of daitb, rn* stated nt tho inquest, was sanguineous apoplexy. The Ghost has been engaged for the Victoria, ajid under tb* chaperonage of Mr l'itt is expected to arrive by noit steamer!" " PUGGING- A-WAT."-By tho Bombay we.loarn th»' Father Abraham bas boon " poding away'.'.until he has caused a revolutionary riot in New ïork, during which a ' gallant Colonel' mid n party of colored gentlemen' were, unfortunately ..forthemselves, lunged, by the ' bhoy's,' with whom an; old Lady -in Hunter-ttroot is extremely angry; Abraham, has kept * pegging away' st In's unhappy side of. tho. oomiiry; until in a very thorn time there will bo nothing-left to ' peg away' at, mid then tho 1 liberal Cabinet' ot. Washington, like that nt Sydney, will be under tba horriblo necessity of ' pegging away' out of office altogether, and tho sooner tho better Tor both countries!' . WHAT IT IS COStiNG TO.-Judging by a recent spco» mon of speech-making in a certain assembly, wo huvu ?*> moral doubt that vituperation and abu.se will, ero loee become tho ordor of the day-or rnther¡ thc disorder'Sf. thu night ; and for tho benofit of all senatorial, or fT sunitorial bantams, whether clerical or lay cooke, wa M. to present thom with the subjoined model spoooh :-Me Hollows said that he roto to argue the question carrots' and iinpartiallv, and therefore ho begged to inform the Right Honorable Thief for No-ManYLsnd thoth* was a liar, a homicide, and tba oriciuul of" a carte do visite" in tho " offigy of Satan." If ho.was wrong in calling him . thief, ha bogged to upologiro-to that ltight Uenorablo Murderer for luring dono so, and lo oin uro him that in ihe -wliolo ooo wo. of his parliamentary career, boaeitc net «(MUMMII «bo »o-completely realised hui notion of the two ends «nd tho middle of tho ooncontrntein .ttenee of scoundrelUm. If he was ont of order ho wi», very sorry, for not fur worlds would hu say anything tu hurt the feeling! of o fly, or any other, num. As td tho drivelling idiot represoiithir» tho Nuvth Southern Gold ' Fields, he was proud to eoe him in his pl.ico, as'ulfording in his miserable imbecility, wretched ignorance, nml cor- rupt heart, a «triking contrast to lu's (Bellows's) incor- ruptible virtue, immense capabilities, und unswerving patriotism.. If thoKight Honorable Idiot took exception to these expressions, he impla-ed his forgiveness, and \- begged to add his sincere conviction that » muru fright yfully nnprincipled assemblage of liars, cowards, thioves', "cut-throats, and idiota_ weio never congregated togcthor under one roof than his highly respected colleagues, tho misrepresentatives of tho pcoplo, for whom he must ever have thc highest feelings of regard-and bo hanged to' them. Sea., icc. ¿c. . I A. VBBY Sl'EOiAü CotlllMPOín»BNT.-For some days paît aa irregular species of pen und ink warfare hus been Íroing on between Hon. John of Lands, and tile Ber . fohn of Hunter-streot, touching our astonishingly pro iflo land revenue, Tho Kev. attacked tho lion, in . "leaders" as luminous as a London fp>¿, and the Hon., in self-defence, writes,Hot to tho '.editor," but addresses : bis Juniuslike epistles "To the proprietors of the Herald,"", mentioning Rev. John, somewhat irreverently, a»' " Your writer," instead of " buttering",him as do tho common correspondents ovory day in: tho ? week. So far sa tho light has. proceeded, lion. John has certainly got th« best ofhis Uer. namesake. 