M U R 11 U B U R R A IT . .VllOM A C.JltltESI'OXDEXl'.l New Tear's Da y was celebrated here by that line sport, so popular in the old country, namely a race meet. The weather was propitious, and the company present very numerous. There were three booths on the ground, which were presided over, respectively, by Messrs. Dillon, English, and M'Kay, aud the settling was had at Dillon's Commercial Hotel. The following is an account of the running : — The Publicans' Purse, of £?, for all horses carrying weights for ago; heats; onco round the course. Tlie winner not to start for tho second or third race. Mr. Hutchinson's Creeping Jenny Mr. Howard's Hartley Mr. Ilaughey's Flying Doo Mr. Harrison's Harkaway Flying Doe won thu first heat in this race, and was drawn so as to qualify him to run for the Ladies' Purse. The Farmers' Purse, of £7, for all horses that never won a prize exceeding £5; mile heats ; all horses carrying weight for ago. Mr. Howard's Bnrtley Mr. Hutchinson's Tiger Mr. Murphy's Lumpy Leg The Ladies' Purse, of £7, for all horses that never won an advertised prize ; catch weights. Mr. Ilaughey's Flying Doe Mr. Harrison's Harkaway Mr. Hutchinson's Butterily The Hurry Scurry was won by Mr. Mar tin's Piebald Jock, tho English May Fly being a good second. Gold Escort. — The Burrangong weekly escort arrived in town on Mon day evening, with 1G2-1. ozsTTd" wtTfgrT The want of rain is being severely felt on the Flat. The new rush will become de serted if water remains as scarce as at present. Trade is represented as being very dull, and tho demand for everything except the absolute necessaries of life very limited. Tito publicans, are com plaining that business has quitted them altogether, and we are credibly informed that at some of the inns not £1 is taken a-day. Bite of a Scorpion.— On Monday last a little boy, about seven years of age, son of Mr. Young, of Dutton-street, was bitten on the arm by a scorpion. The poor little fellow suffered great pain. He was taken to Dr. O'Connor, who success fully treated the bite. Tumut. — A private letter from Tumut, dated Friday , says : — " I saw a man killed yesterday, on our race-course; we have bad four deaths here within three days ; three were the result of accident, and one a suicide. The District Hospital. — On Mon day afternoon last a meeting of the com mittee of the District Hospital was held in the building. In the absence of the President, the Very Rev. Dean Ilanly was nominated to preside. The follow ing members of committee were present ; — The Very Rev. Dean Ilanly, Drs. O'Connor and Blake,'' Messrs. Ilillj', Elliot, Wood, Cassidy, Hassett, and the treasurer as well as the acting secretary. The treasurer informed the members of committee present that there had been no committee meeting since the Gth of October, and therefore it would be neces sary, on the present occasion, to confirm the minutes of that meeting. They wore accordingly confirmed, on the motion of Mr. ' Wood, seconded by Mr. Cassidy. Dr. Blake then read the medical report, from which it appeared that 11 patients had been admitted, 10 discharged cured, 3 had died, and 2 remained in hospital. It was remarked that the duration. of each patient's residence in hospital was exceedingly small — in many cases ex tended over not more than two or tlirco days. This was a matter for congratula tion, as it relieved the Hospital from heavy expenses of maintenance. This being thequaitcrly meeting, the treasurer submitted the following accounts for pay ment: — f . M Pane, for medicines, £10 12s. G.Uh ; Dr. Campbell, medical at tendance, £13 ; Drs. O'Connor and Blake, each the same amount; William Beglcy, for water, £2 2s. ; T. II. Line, for bread, flour, and potatoes, £7 Is. Gd. ; F. Larkins, for milk, £3 13s. 4d. ; the acting secretary,. £5 5s.; James Smith, for meat, £G 13s. Od.; D. Davis, £14 14s. lltl. On this account being sub mitted, reference was made to certain ac cusations that the wardsman had procured an improper amount of wine and beer, but an inspection of Mr. Davis's account perfectlyexonerated him front the charges. Godfrey aud Co., for sundries, £1 Os. Gd. On the claim of the wardsman for salary being submitted, as well as a further claim for £10 gratuity, voted at the first meeting of the. year as part compensation for expenses incurred in travelling from Sydney to Yass, Mr. Hassett brought under the notice of the committee some charges that had been iuade out-of-doors against the wardsman ; the principal in former was residing as a servant in the neighbourhood, and would ri'o doubt at tend, tyith the permission of the employer. A desultory conversation followed, which terminated in the nomination of Messrs. Stiles, Wood; Hassett, and Elliot, as a select committee to inquire into tho al leged charges. The warilsman was called in and informed of them, and that while the committee would pay the claim for wages it would withhold that for the £10, which had been granted on condi tion of good conduct, until after the in vestigation had been made, and the charges proved to be without foundation. The wardsman ta d lie could readily meet and disprove, tl.eai ; they had evidently been made with the view of damaging his character. Both the medical gentlemen present said that as far as they had been able to judge, the wardsman had always dono his duty. It was then decided upon that tho annual meeting shall bo held on Saturday, the 31st January. This con cluded the business of the meeting. Tiie English Mail will be due to morrow at Adelaide. Lunacy. — There are four persons con fined at the present time in the gaol at Gundagai on charge of being dangerous lunatics.. Besides Rohan, whose case is alluded to elsewhere, .there is a man in confinement who in the middle of the day attempted to cut down the telegraph' post immediately opposite the Court House and in sight of a number of people. He was immediately secured, and on bcingasked the cause i f his foolish conduct, he said lie had been pursued by people from Wagga Wagga and wanted to cut off communica tion. Journalism. — Wc have received Nos. 1 and 2 of a paper published in Burrowa, under the name of the Burrowa Times. The proprietor is Mr. G. D. Lang, who not long since originated the Burrangong Courier, lately discontinued. The new journal is neatly printed; and contains a variety of local and other information. We wish it a prosperous career. A Madman's Freaks. — On Tuesday night week a most atrocious act of cruelty toolc place at Gundagai. Mr. Stewart, a settler at Wantabadgery, having come to Gundagai on Tuesday to visit his family, placed his mare (a valuable animal) for security in a small paddock near bis house. On the following morning, hav ing occasion to use the mare, he weiit to the paddock, and found her missing. Think ing that she had broken out during the night, he went in search of her, and, after some hours' fruitless labour was returning, when, passing by the paddock where she had been, lie perceived in a hole made by the uprooting of a large tree, the body of the poor animal, .with its throat cut, and the liead nearly ' severed from the hotly. Upon closer examination, it was found that the marc had been driven between the. forked branches of a fallen tree, and after being deliberately secured, was killed, and the body afterwards dragged to the place where it was found, for the purpose of concealment. Information, was immediately giveh to tlie police, aud as soon as the circumstances became known, a general feeoling of disgust and indignation was expressed .towards the perpetrator of a crime so dastardly. On Wednesday morning all suspicion was laid aside by the arrest by the police, at South Gundagai, of an individual named Behan, who had been lurking about the neighbourhood for several days previously, a id whose conduct had appeared somewhat strange. A party of carriers from Picton had yarded their bullocks for the night at South Gutulagai, and before retiring to rest went, to look to the security of their horses, which were hobbled, and feeding near them. They discovered two of their horses in Rohan's possession. Upon inquiring what he intended to do 'with them, ho quietly told them that lie in tended to kill one and let the other go, and, moreover, informed them that ho bad killed two of their bullocks. Upon examining they found the fellow had stated the truth, for two valuable bul-. t locks were dead, having been killed with an axe. Rohan was at once given into custody; and confessed to the constable that he had on the previous night killed Mr. Stewart's mare. He was brought before the police magistrate on Friday for examination, when he owned to the . charges laid against him, and attributed them to the influence of drink. Lu.an- swer to questions by the Rench, bis statements wero quite coherent, but lie could assign no reason for his conduct beyond that he supposed " it must have heen the drink." lie was remanded un til the following day (Saturday), when the witnesses were in attendance. The evi dence of Mr. Stewart and Constable M'Ehvain, who arrested the prisoner, was taken, and lie was committed for trial at the next sessions. Previous to his committal, after receiving the usual caution, the prisoner stated that ho killed tho mure in question in order to relievo his mind, and gave a rambling statement tdiat he was afraid of being shot by some person, and acted as he did to avoid such a result. There is no doubt hut the fel low is partially insane, and it is well for the community that his arrest was quickly made, or it is likely that his diabolical proclivities would have eventuated iu something more serious. — IF. Times. Capture of a Bushranger. — News was received in town last evening to the ell'ect that a man named Lovry, or Boyd, was captured in the vicinity of the Irish River by a party of police and civilians, who were out in search of him. It is stated that he made a most deter mined resistance, and severely wounded one of the party by shooting him in the breast. He was secured, however, and conveyed under a strong guard to Bath- urst Gaol. There are several charges of robbery against him, and his apprehen sion will be a source of gratilicationto the inhabitants of the district, to whom lie lias long been a terror and a nest. — Herald. Good News for John Chixaman. — The following is from a Melbourne con temporary, per last mail, and is extneted for the perusal of certain " No Clina- men" members of parliament. Our Victorian neighbours are evidently ahead of us in many matters, which wil no doubt affect the proposed coalition of a uniform tariff for the Australian colaiies : " Some important alterations in the Customs charges will come into operation early next year. The first of these will, we are glad to state,, be a reduction tf the £10 head-money now levied uponClinese immigrants. This tax has been a very unpopular one for a considerable time back, and various unsuccessful tfforts have been made to secure its repeal In deference to the expressed desire d' the mercantile community, and to the e-ident feeling of Parliament on the subjett, the Treasurer 1ms intimated bis iuteuton to move that the tax be reduced, hit to what extent was not stated. Tlie.reduc- tion will, in all probability, he an inport- ant one, but a moderate entrance ftc will continue to be charged, with the approval of all parties." — Herald. Attempt at Suicide. — On Tuesday week, Tommy, a Chinaman in tie em ploy of Mr. R. lliloy, of Gundagai, as cook, was charged with an attenpt to commit suicide. It appears that ot Mon day Mrs. Riley discovered Tommy in the net of making unmistakable preparations to " shullle off his mortal coil." Hi had suspended from the beam a rope vitli a noose, and had placed a box underneath, from which he intended to take his last leap. Fortunately, Mrs. Riley's appear ance deranged his plans. Shortly iftcr, Tommy was observed by Miss Alary Burke, a relation of Mrs. Riley, residing in the house, to be making strong demon strations with a knife in the neighbour hood cf his throat, and divining his inten tion, she rushed upon him and 'succeeded in wresting the knife from his grasp. Foiled in his second attempt, Tommy made a daslt at the knife-box, and seizing another weapon was about to fulfil his intentions, when Miss Mary again re solutely seized the unfortunate celestial, and by dint of muscular exertion pre vented him from making a ghost of him self. Tommy was then conveyed, with a great struggle and reluctance on his part, to the lock-up, where he arrived in a sad state of mental and bodily disturbance. He was ordered to find two sureties of £40 each fur his future good behaviour towards himself, or be confined in Gun- dagai Gaol for fourteen tlays.- -JJ> yard I imes. Accident. — A rather serious accident occured on Saturday last to Mr. 1). Palmer, of Bethungra. Mr. Palmer had mounted a horse just brought in from the bush, with the intention of coining into Wagga Wagga, when the animal being fresh, commenced plunging, and succeeded in bursting the single girth by which tlw saddle was secured. The rider was thrown with some violence, and sustained a fracture of the collar bone, aud dislo cation of the thumb., — Express. Wagga Wagga Commercial Intelli gence. — George Forsyth reports trade steady during the holiday week. Flour is in demand at £24 first; £22 second; oats, retail 10s. ; bran Is. Gd. Owing to the continued dry weather no sales of stock have transpired. There is- every - probability of fat sheep and cattle main taining a good price during .the next three months. — Express. FireatAlbuhy. — On tho 28th ult.,thc inhabitants of Albury were roused from their afternoon siesta by the cry of " fire." Although wc have had the smoke from bush fires on tho distant ranges for some weeks before, giving evidence of the power of the solar rays, the black smoke which rose in a column in the centre of the town soon told that a domestic calamity had occurred at our doors. The smoke soon burst into a flame from the premises adjoining Fallon's store, occupied by Mr. Owen, a carpenter, but who happened to ho away with his wife and family iu Melbourne, and the charge of the premises was left with his father. . It was soon ascertained, that Mr. Owen, senior, was asleop in tho room from winch the fire had burst through tiie roof. To get him out was a work of no little difficulty, but it was accomplished; Tiie wind was blowing from tho uoith, a \ " regular hot wind, hud Mr. Thomson, the saddler, was under no little apprehension that the fire which in a few minutes ex tended throughout the house of Mr. Owen, would endanger his premises. Suddenly the wind veered round, and tlion came no small alarm that Fallon's counting-house and store, would fall a victim to the flames. Fallon's yard is filled, and covered with the debris of packing cases, with all sorts of highly in flammable material, and the stock, in cluding spirits, oil, kerosene, and every thing which would feed a fire, is con tained in a range of wooden buildings. If one of those took the flames there was no telling where the fire would terminate, and as it looked as though the whole block of buildings was iu imminent danger, everyone came to the rescue. Lines were formed to the nearest wells, and buckets, unfortunately few iu number, wore passed along. The well at Nichol's Inn was emptied, and another line was made to a well behind Mollit's, and a good pump did service and gave a fair supply. Blankets were thrown over the adjoining shingle roofs, and in tho course of an hour, the wind shifting about in all directions, the immediate danger was overcome, Mr. Fallon's roof in the meantime having been partially consumed, and with great difficulty he removed his books, pictures, and office furniture across the road. So groat was the danger that for a short time even tho Rose Inn across the road was iu danger, the shingles of the verandah having become ignited by some of the burning fragments. Mr. Owen, senior, states that there was no lire iu the room, and had not been in tho house for some time, and he thinks it must have originated from something burning having been blown upon the roof from adjacent, premises. It would be invidious to name anyone who came to thu rescue on this occasion. Professional men, government officers, hank managers, storekeepers, neighbours, far and near, went to the pump and windlass or passed the bucket. We never saw more neighbourly co operation, and we. shall hope to see from the specimen displayed last Sunday after noon, Albury soon possess a most energetic and valuable lire brigade, for we do not of course know who may be the next sufferer. Most unfortunately Mr. Owen was uninsured, and on his arrival will find that all his stock, furniture, tools, &n.;, are destroyed, and that he is houseless. — Banner. Breaking ul> of the Drought. — On Wednesday morning tho weather in the Murray and Ovens districts was of a most oppressive character, the thermome ter under shady verandahs in Albury, going as high as 111 . Towards the afternoon, however, a few light squalls indicated a change, 'and in the evening and during the whole night there was a copious downpour of rain accompanied by thunder and lightning. The rain was most welcome to all classes, but especially to the winegrowers, who had begun to fear that the viutago which had promised so well last spring, would be seriously aftectcd by the long drought. On tho hill slopes, the grapes had ceased to in crease in size, and the lower foliage was partly burnt hy the refraction of the sun's heat lrom tho earth. Now, however, the vines have received enough moisture to carry them over the next six weeks, so that with a little favour from tho clerk of the weather to temper the grapes just before the gathering, a good crop may be anticipated. The tobacco crop will also benefit considerably by the rain, aud the ravages of the grubs will be checked. As for the squatters they are of course glad to get their creeks and waterholes filled again, wit 1st tiie miners by the re plenishing of their dams will have a busy time of it, washing up. — Border Post. Rouueuy, at the Alrion Hotel. — Smart Thieves and Clever Detec tives. — On Sunday evening last, about 7 p.m., one of tho most daring robberies that it has fallen to our lot to record took place at the above hotel. It appears that Charles Stockwoll, one of the barmen, had occasion to go to tho back part of the premises, leaving Mr. Haugh- ton in the bar ; and, on returning, he met a man running, having his hand in his trousers' pocket, evidently supporting something heavy, and elosely followed by two other men all of whom lie had about ten minutes previously served in the bar. Stockwell suspected something was wrong, and, it having occurred to him that a bag of money was in the bar lie immediately returned to it, when he asked Mr. Haugh- tou if the bag was all right. On hearing this, Haughton went to where the bag was, which contained £23 in bank notes, a cheque, and silver, aud found it was gone. Information was immediately given to Detectives Swainson and M'Glone, who at onco wont in pursuit of the suspected persons, and between the hours of ten and eleven p.m. the same night, they succeeded in arresting near the Lachlan River three, men, whose names are— Archibald Munroe, Thomas Barry, and John Murray, who were well known to the detectives as notorious thieves, and in whose possession the whole of the money stolen was found. The prisoners weroon "Wednesday brought before the 'Bench, and the evidence of the detectives, Mr. Rutchart, Haughton, Stockwell, and Mr. Rockwell, were taken. The case was fully proved against them, and they were accordingly com mitted to take their trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions. After the case was concluded, Detectives Swainson and M'Glone were called before the bench, and complimented by tho Police Magistrate. — Miner. Holloway's Pills.— Weakness and falling away — How many persons suffer from de bility, without knowing the causo? In most cases the stomach is tho aggressor. Holloway's Pills have long been justly famed for regulating a rebellious stomach, anil restoring its healthy digestive tone. In multitudes of cases of wasting, without asr- sigaablo reason, where the patient was daily growing weaker and worse, a course of these excollcnt Pills bus checked the disorder, re- coved the appetite, confirmed the digestion, stimulated the liver and kidneys, and saved thesufferer. The Pills are mild, yet effective in action. It is truly marvellous to watch bow, the sailownuss disappears, thu l eyes' brighten, the spirits revive, aud the strong h roturns before tho correcting and purifying powers of Holloway's balsamic Pills. 