SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE GEELONG. AUUXY&D.; June 12: Express, as, from Melbourne James and Amelia, ketch, from Melbourne Isa, sch, from Melbourne E:-~rt:3£D inwards. JuneJ2: Isa, sch, 50 tons, David Dcas, from Mel bourne; Captain, agent. Car««;—ex Themis, from London, 00 qr csks, 25 octaves wine, 100 cska and 09 cs bottled beer, Stracban and Co ; 1 _ cs, Slade; J bale, order; 2 cs, Thompson ; I cs, oxder; o cs, C Andrews; 1 cs, J cs, order. Ex ,*-Uunia, from London, II cs beer, Strachao & Co ; ^l'c^ G- B Wilkinson. Also, duty paid, 33 cases . bottled beer, 23 hbds ale, Reynolds & English; **63 csks bottled beer, W3 Anderson; and sundry free goods , . CLEARED OUTWARDS. Jnrfc 12: Natal, bq, J78 tons, J M'Alpine, for New castle, in ballast; P Huddart, agent Victory, sch, 48 tons, Baker, for Port Frederick, in ballast*; Captain, agent Express, sV, 130 tons. Tlios. Webb, for Melbourne, frith sundries ; T J Parker, agent. S.UL12D. Express, ss, for Melbourne TBAXSIRE PEE RAlLWAT. ' 100 cs genera, Cameron. Gibson and Co; 20 cs gin, 'McCallam, Neill & Co; 20 pkgs tobacco, E. Sander and Co. "Gesioso Weather Report, Jane 12.—Thick fog. daring the nisht, Minimum temperature 43 degrees.- 9 a.m: Bar 30.256, Therm 50, Antroid 30.65; wind, N, light; weather, dull and hazv. l^p.m: Bar 30.183, Therm 51 i, Aneroid 30.57; wind, NE, light; weatber, dull and cloudy. 4 p.tn : Bar 30.110, Therm 49, Aneroid 30.50; wind, SW, light, doll, cloudy, hazy. Maximum temperature daring the day (in shade, tooth aspect) 53 dogs Evening—cloudy, cool, foggy, very little wind. -Jane 12: High water, this day .. 0.30 p.m. Low water .. 5.30 s.m. [Br Elecibic Telegraph.] AKBITED. Jane 12, 7 a.m; Douglas, scb, from Richmond Biver 7.T5. ^Matador,bq, from Newcastle 7.30 ; Colchester, brig, from Newcastle 9^20: Golden Spring, brig, from Sydney Bed Jacket, scb, from Sydney 10.10: Squaw, brig, from Newcastle Australia, brig, from Newcastle * A schooner in sight at sunset «r: • . SAILED. Before sunrise: Julia, brig,for Hobart Town Planter, bq, for Newcastle Ellen, brig, for Newcastle 9.31: Agnes Jessie, scb, for Launceston 10 p.m : Elizabeth, scb. for Port Frederick 'II; Pevcril, cutter, for Warrnambool 11.30: Cyclone, scb. for Brisbane Lady Bobilliard, scb, for Belfast Yarra, sch, for Launceston C.30: Coorong, str, for Adelaide 4 ♦ '; W!c?d and Weathee.—June 12, 9 a.m: "Wind ,N, lislr, fine. lp.m: Wind, NNE, do,do. J p.m: -Wind, NNE, light, duIL WRECK OF THE JANE AT BRIDGEWATER—On Saturday night last, about 10 o'clock, during the thick and heavy weather then prevailing, the barque Jane, 208 tons, Lakie, master, from Adelaide to New Zealand, with a cargo of flour, bran and bark, struck upon the reefs at the south-west of Cape Bridge- water. There were nine on board, including the officers and crew, with the captain. On Sunday morning the disastrous occurrence became known, the vessel having been seen upon the rocks and the sailors crowded together upon the vessel. Intelli- gence reached Portland about eleven o'clock, and the—Harbour Master, Captain Fawthrop having promtly despatched the life boat and thirteen hands, followed by Thomas Kean and party in another boat, made the journey overland, with rockets and such appliances as might be required. Great num- bers also left on horseback, and not a few made the journey on foot, though the distance is not less than thirteen miles. The Harbour Master arrived at the scene of the wreck about two o'clock, and com- menced operations for the purpose of effecting a rescue. It was not however until some hours had been spent in these endeavours that a cask to which a rope had been attached reached the shore, and a hawser reaching from the vessel was made fast on the shore. By this means the rescue of a portion of the crew was soon effected, and before the darkness of evening had fully set in all had got ashore except the captain, who continued on the wreck till Mon- day morning, when he got ashore about daybreak, but much injured. Some of the crew reflect upon the Captain and attribute the catastrophe to his imbecile conduct ; but it is premature to pass judge- ment in a matter so grave. Dr Brewer was in attendance during the rescue of the sailors, and administered the usual restoratives, which we are glad to state proved successful. We however regret to report that a young man named Waldy C. Hed- ditch, son of Mr Charlton Hedditch, met his death while engaged in the laudable endeavour to assist the sufferers to reach shore. Deceased was a fine active young fellow of 23, of kindly disposition and greatly respected. The parents are almost distracted by their loss. The body has not yet been found. The accident occurred about eleven o'clock on the Sunday morning in connection with an attempt to reach a life-buoy from the shore. How much longer will the government neglect to have a light-house built at Cape Bridgewater ; until the ghosts of all who have perished from want of one rise up before them in a body and demand one? If so, may such demand be made soon.—Portland Chronicle. 