THE EVERSLEY GHOST, HOW IT APPEARED ON CHRISTMAS NIOHT. A CHRISTh?AS SKETCH. nY THE AUTRHOR O " tIIOrTON 'ANOn.' [ContinUed from Saturday.2 The qadrille is over, and, a country dance follows, in which thoe "lay portion of the drawipg.room people sit: down and look ou, and the gentleman got partners and join in. Lord Stoughton keeps to his quadrille partner, whom he is evidently amusing vastly, from the way in which elho laughs when he is talk. ing to her. What a noise thoreis in this dance, every onoe seems laughing, men loudest, and calling out directions for the dance. Down the room at a tearihg gallop go the fifty couples, and as each couple -passes under the miatletoe a:donble report is heard, caused in the first instance by-the contacnot of four'lips, and. in, the second, the contact of a lady's hand with a gentleman'sear, sometimes applied with a good will too. Very shocking this, is it nrot? What a frightful effect it would have upon lrs. Grundy could she witness it;- but thank goodneus we have no Mrs. Grundys ambngst use and so the dancing, and laughing, min kissing proceeds on its way. Dance after dance goes on, with, the same untiring energy, laughter, and kissing. , Lord Stoughton has danced nearly the whole evening with Fanny Ball, mnoh to the disgust of the other village girls, and to that of our skating rustic, who is beginning to get jealous, which, Miss Eversley remarking,.is playfully communicated to Lord Stoughton by her; upon which, the peer being a good.natured youngster, leads .his partner over to the jealous lover, saying, "There, you must take my partner ; I am not able to dance this complicated dance." Where. upon the rustic's gall is turned to honey at once, and ho would' like to 'kiss the young lord, nut ho doesn't, but takes the earliest op portunity to kiss Fanny Bell instead. The. ball proceeds with unolackened energy. - A quadrille which Lina Eyersley had promised to Lord Stoughton arrives, and, ho looks roundl .for his partner, and then he perceives that she and both MIr. and Mrs. Eversloy are gone. He starts off'in search of her. He fancies they. will be in the library, and goes there to find her. "Tired of seeing those rustics 'dance, I suppose," he says to himself as he goes ,along '.the passage towards the library ;"-dear little thing." He opens the library door, and there he finds them. Mr. Eversloy is standing by the fire, which isthe, only light in the room, Mrs. Eversley is seated in an arm.chair on one side, and Lina is seated, in a dark corner on the otherside 6f the fire. r`' What has brought you1 her ?" says Mr. Everaley, as he looks with astonishment at the young peer ,entering the ;room; "tired of dancumg already.?" . ';I was just going to-ask a similar question of, you," answers Stoughton, " but I will answer your's first. Mydearsir, I have come to claim a partner. Our quadrillg is coming on," he-adds, turning to Lina,., "Oh, Lord Stoughton," sheo replies, "please let me off it, I.am so-tired." I: " Very-well, Miis Lin?," he answersa i but you inust-at least allow me to sit thedunco out with you;" and so:saying-he sinks on to a footstool at Lina's feoot, and it being dark he takes 6noiof Lihu's hands in his. :She blushes crimson, and attempts to withdraw -it,- but he holds it firmly but softly, and she cannot get it aw*f- withoiitmakiing a :noise, so the soft little hand remains in his, iand perhaps Lina likesahe?lsensation more than she would oc. knowledge. "Heard anything about the ghosts P" Mr. Evorsley says, in what lhe intends to be a jocular, but which is in roeality a very nervous tone. ". Ghosts ! What ghosta ?" asks Lord Stoughton. 0 th, .have boeen fling about the Old Wing the wvhbl night--plenty of them,-but more particularly the ' White Lady,' has been seen.about half- an.hour ago." "Whito'LadyI' says Stoughton, "wvhat is this White Lady? .What is the legend about herP" "She is 'generally::alled the ' Everaley Ghost,"' said the Squire, '"and is supposed to be the spirit of; the .perpetator. of the foulest pisee of, atrocity that has.ever, been recorded. In the reign of the' third William, Michael. Everaley, the owner of this place, was posses. sed of a lovely daughter, a girl of. about thirteen years old. In- thisbl"daughter ihs' centred, every atom of love that he'possessed, and he never once entertained.. the, idea of marrying again for .an -iastaent; but we are not all masters of ourselves, and Michael went up to London... He was 'a singularly hand. some and distingue looking man, and imme. diately awakened -love in -the burning breast of a Miss Lefevre, one' of the haughtiest belles of the season.. This girl was one whose nature would brook no defeat, and having set herself to conquer my ancestor, she never rested till she bad.done:so. Finding that her lovely face and form'of themselves awoke no emotion within him, she degraded herself its every way-fawned on him, flattered him, and appealed to his basest passions-until at length she su aceeded in arousing what was not love, but a devouring passion within him, under the influence of which he married her and took .her .home. She .was kind :enough to the little - daughter at first, but .e soon . Michael Eversley's madness (for it was nothing else) begnu to abate; and his whole love for his: daughter burst forth again. Then it was that Norahl Eversley be. gan to illtroat her stepdaughter. Her whole vengeance turned on the poor little thing, as shabe really lov'ed her husband' far too much to feel da.tigo-5os malieon gainst. iim; but her persoe_,L, of tla.)itrleo one was frightful, and as oft oans nlliunhl interfered with the mannea ment of his child, so often did her por.wcution increase, until at length one day sichasl determined to remove. his daughter from thq house, and expressed his intention of so doing, That night the child was 'm?nssing, and for a hundred and fifty years was never heard of. It was supposed that 'unable to bear her stepmother's persecntions any longer the child had,. according to a long expressed determination, ran away. Every search was made after her, but in that ago she was never heard of again. Norah Everslcy died in giving birth to my great grandfather soon afterwards, and wos said to be unable to stay quite in.her grave. The right'wing had long been unused even in Michael's time, and had remained un. explored till my father's time, when he. and a few guests determined to explore the old portion of the house. They wont all through ittill they came to a door which was looked and the key not forthcoming. They broke this open and came upon the fearful. unravelment of the mystery of the little one's fate. In the middle of the reom;'which is the small turret . chamber, was the skeleton of a little child. There were one or two things around her, amongst which was a small locket, with the name of Michael Eversaleoy's first wife upon it. . This sufficiently identified the skeleton, as Miohael's ill.fated little one, and there could be no longer any doubt of how'thi child-was lost. Norah had probably imprisoned her here,' had thrown away the key of the door, and had left her !here to starve. But the most mysterious part of the matter is that, while looking for her when first lost, every room should have been searched but this one, but that is. ac counted for by the fact of finding the door lIdked and key' gone. They naturally imagined that she could not have got within; but how is it, you will ask, that while in the right wing of. the house searching for her, they did not bear her cries. That was a mystery, but is so no longer. Upon a closer inspection the skeleton wrasofoand bound hand and foot, and gagged. In this fearful state the poor little one had been left to die. Heavens' that the searchers should have been outside the very door, should have, pissed by it, and that little one should have.been. alowly dying of torture within. Noral ii said to haunt the right wing now, and what wonder?. She has been seen two .or three 'timei this week, and again to- night." " Indeed,"'says Lord-Stoughton, in-rather an incredible tone, " and by'whtom, riray ?". r "By'aeveral people," irmnarlked Mr. Evers ley. " A'group were standing at the door which leads from tihe Great Hall inito the right wing, and one of them for fun: opened the door, and they all passed in., Just asthey did so, they saw a white figure issue from the suite. of rooms which leads to the turret chamber,.and move quickly down the pas sage." i As Mr. Everaley says this, Lord Stolghton feels his hand clasped convulsively by the Warm, soft' fingers of Miss Eversley, whose hand he still retains, and he wonders she is so dreadfully frightened., Ho is rather glnd of it, for two reasons. ' In the'first'plioe,Lehoas.not tie 'slightest 'objectio'i '.to' having his: hand clasped ih that pbnfiding manner ; and, secondly,' he , is glad to. find. her tirhid.e . Mostmhn like o omen'en oie-,ti1nid and eisily. , frijhteiied . .., For nmy., owp part there is npghiing more horrible inmy eyes than a strong minded 'womian, no matter how beautiful she may be. So" Lord, Stoughton just touches Lina's hand with his lips to en. courage her, whioli action the young lady does not probably notice, as surely so modest a young ,lady would withdirawher hand, if she does. I don't ln~y that.' :There iss reat temptation in a flirtation in the dirk. .S the young peer retains possession of the little hand and continues his questions about the ghosts. "But you said," he 'begins .addressing the Squire, "that there were severoial ghosts about,. and youinave only told me of one: Who am the others ?" Again comes that convulsive clasp of the hand, and Stoughton. can't ninko it out. "You know, I suppose," answered the Squire after a pause, " that Blades, the fiddler of the Waits, stated that he saw my son's face at the turret window this morning. It has been seen again this evening- by the butler as he crossed the yardjtust now." . .' '" What,!! says Stoughton, starting up hur riedly," "dear old Fred in the hanated wing ? Let's go and bring him in it neoe.' Lina started up trembling all 'over,;. " Oh no,'indeed do'not deni: Charlie i";?"nd she lays her little' hand' on' his arm?: 'She has -not called him Charlie since he has been 'grown up, and now it has slipped out in her agita tion. "Poor timid weo one" thinks Steughton,:as lie takes her hand from his arm into his own, and then he says, aloud,' ".If Fred's in the haunted wing had we not better" Lina clasps his hand and again says-" Oh no, dear Charlie, no." " No, Charles," Mr. Eversley says in a stern tone, while his wife hides her face," Fiederick is not in the haunted wing. I knoiv him too well, and he would never return until as. sured of my pardon. If his face has been seen there to.night it is that of his spirit." Lord Stoughton ejaculates a sound which seems very much like " bosh," and then says, "Well, Sir, let me search the wing, and I promise to find ftbr you both the ghost of the White Lady and Master Fred himself, if either of them have been seen." " Oh no," Lina begins in the same agitated manner, but tihe Squire breaks in " No, my Lord, it would be useless. I can not make you believe the legends attached to thse 'lall, but I. at least can respect them my. self. I have a partial belief in the spirits of those unable to.rest walking the earth at cear itaitimes, and as entertainiig sauch:opinionse I would ratlher that the haunted portion of the house was left undisturbed to.night." "Very well, Sir," says Lord Stoughton; and if it was not so dark we should see an amused expression on his face; "then I will take my departure to, the ball.room again; will you come too, Miss LinaP' " "No, thank you," shoe .says .,in the samno agitated tonq; "I nm-not .well and ahallg6o to bed. Good night, Lord Stoughton." "You called me 'deaiOh~b irlio' to-night," he whispers to her as she goes, and she blushes and stammers out-" I-I-beg your pardon, I did not know whlatI wa seaying." S"Say it again wee ono, and I will forgive you," he says, but she shakes her head with a half 'milo, and goes to bid her father and mother good night. Lord Stoughton goes towards the Great Hall thinking deeply. "I havo'nt done it after all," he says to himself, "and I fully intended to do it to-night, and here I leave by the early train to.morrow; confounid tho thing-and all through those wretched' ghosts too. By the by, I wonder what tho-e ghosts are ? I should much like to see. Most pro bably a hoani. But how frightened the little one seemed. Glad' of 'it; who the doace wants to see a woman with courage as strorLg as a lion's. I'm moat partial to arrant cow. ards for my part. I 'don't care for any more dancing, but I should like to explore those rooms. Gad, I will too " 'and ho entrs the Great [Hall. It is in the middle of a country dance, and Stoaghton thinks that now is his time. H1o makes his'way quietly over to the door leading to the haunted wing.: There is a shrewd lookinig gtoinisitar;ding'by it, into' whose hand the peer slips a piece of silver, as he says, "Shut the door quietly behind me and say nothing about it." The man touches his forelock and opens the door ; Stoughton passes through it. The door is closed, and Stoughton is in the moat profound darkness. [To' bo continled.] 