FORMATION OF DISTRICTS. Last week a deputation from the Fryers town Road Board, consisting of the Chairman (R. L. M. Kitto, Esq.) and Messrs Bell, Amos, and Carter, waited upon several, inhabitants of Elphinstone, at the Freemasons' Hotel, to advo- cate a union of Elphinstone with Fryerstown under the proposed District Councils Bill. Mr Kitto having been called upon to preside over the meeting, proceeded to explain the views of the Board of which he was Chairman. Some time previous to his becoming a member of the Fryerstown Road Board the Government had offered to annex to the Fryerstown District a portion of Elphinstone, which offer had been de- clined. Upon Mr Kitto's acceptance of office and becoming aware of that fact he had seen the impolicy of the conduct of his predecessors, and in consequence of that discovery the present conference was sought. He now produced a map showing the extent and position of the various localities proposed to be included in the district, which embraced Elphinstone, No Man's Land, Campbell's' Creek to Guildford, and Fryerstown. This area included many of the richest reefs in the colony, and would, doubtless, become one of the wealthiest districts. The Board had effected many improvements, were out of debt, and had funds in hand. It would therefore be highly advantageous to Elphinstone to join a district with roads already formed that would bring traffic to that railway station. Being practically acquainted with mining in England, as well as in the Fryer's Creek gold- field, he was well able to form an opinion as to what might be the future of the dis- trict described. He had opposed the forming of a road across the ranges to Forest Creek, it being an inconvenient site for a station hereto- fore; and there was no probability that a road would ever made from Fryerstown to the present proposed site for a station at Chewton. Were Elphinstone to unite with Fryerstown the whole traffic of that district as far as Guildford would be brought to the Elphinstone station. There would also be a good road from the latter place to Fryerstown without any toll-gate. Mr Parsons (Elphinstone) said his neighbours were in favour of the Metcalfe District: they believed it was much more valuable to them than Fryerstown, in which they had no interest; and he could neither perceive that any great amount of traffic passed into the Fryerstown district, nor, that Elphinstone would derive any particular advantage from what might come thereout. He believed that every inhabitant in Elphinstone was opposed to this scheme. Mr Bell (of Bell and Holmes) was in favour of Elphinstone station in preference to Chewton. Mr Carter said they simply came as neigh- hours, to hear but not to dictate. Elphinstone, he believed to be deeply interested in the ques- tion, and honestly speaking he thought the in- terests of the two places would work harmoni- ously together. If Taradale were to become the centre, a road thence to Fryerstown would im- mediately be made, and the traffic would thus be diverted from Elphinstone. Mr Parsons had no objection to such being the case. He would ask Mr Bell whether the whole traffic of the district would load half-a- dozen drays weekly; and even if it did, would not that gentleman send his own horse-feed with his drays rather than purchase it in Elphinstone? Mr Bell admitted that he would. Mr Carter said they had not received any de- finite answer from Government to their last ap- plication, and wished to consult Elphinstone before proceeding further. Mr Davids had heard of no person being in favour of being attached to Fryerstown. El- phinstone had petitioned to be united to Met- calfe. Mr Parsons did not see what right Govern- ment had to dispose of Elphinstone against the wishes of the inhabitants. - He, as an English- man, would withstand any such mode of proce- dure. Much further desultory conversation ensued, which eventuated without any formal motion being placed before the chair; but a firm re- fusal was given to the offer made on the part of Fryerstown to take Elphinstone into its district, the unanimous feeling of the meeting being in favour of the Metcalfe Road Board District, while no fear was entertained that the advance- ment of Taradale would act prejudicially upon Elphinstone. —Taradale Express. The Sandhurst Volunteer Band.— Colonel Anderson expressed himself highly pleased with the manner in which the volunteer band acquitted itself. He also expressed a wish that arrange- merits should be made so as to enable the Cas- tlemaine and Bendigo bands, when at reviews, to perform together at "marching past." We certainly think the idea a good one. — Inde- pendent. FATALITY AT THE LITTLE RIVER.— A sad accident happened on Sunday, near Lee's punt, on the Little River, seventeen miles from Albury, which eventuated in the drowning of two men. A man named Crawford, another called Lanky, and the third the son of John Ahern, were proceeding to Beechworth to be present at the the trial of Ahern, senr., (Mitta Mitta Jack.) These three men were crossing a flooded lagoon in a boat rowed by Lawson, of the adjoining restaurant. The current being very strong, the boat became unmanageable, and drifted under the branches of a tree, where it was nearly upset. Young Ahern jumped out of the boat, and in so doing, capsized it. He after- wards swam ashore. Lawson stuck to the boat, and eventually caught hold of the branches of the tree, until he was rescued from his perilous position. The other two men, Crawford and Lanky, were carried down the stream and drowned. — Ovens Constitution. THE RUDE CLERGYMAN. — Several letters in relation to the language used by the Rev. Mr Croxton, the Episcopal Minister at Sandhurst, appear in Saturday's Advertiser. We extract the following from one signed by Mr John McIntyre, and which explains how it happened that the Rev. Mr Nish rushed into print:— "Some three weeks since the principal of Forest- street Academy requested me to ask Mr. Nish to take a part with the other clergymen of the town, in examining the children under his charge. This I promised to do. About ten days ago he again visited me, and expressed a hope that I had not spoken to Mr Nish, as he was not now desirous of having any ministers at the exami- nation. I appeared surprised at this change in his arrangement, whereupon he stated that the sole cause of the change arose from Mr Croxton 'aving refused to meet the other clergymen, and having assigned as a reason for his refusal, that he looked upon Mr Nish as a 'blackguard.' He further mentioned that Mr Croxton was so wroth with him for proposing to invite the other ministers, that he said, 'Sir, your school is too much of a Union for me. I shall take immediate steps towards establishing a rival institution, and the episcopal children under your charge I shall thus take care of; as for the other children they may find their way to heaven as they best can.' On the following day I again met the principal, and inasmuch as it was known to me that the matter was obtaining publicity, we had a further conference respecting it, when it appeared that another gentleman who was present during part of the conversation with Mr Croxton, said that it was his impression that Mr Croxton did not use the word ' blackguard,' but that 'scamp and humbug' were the terms he had employed. On my informing Mr Nish of the accusation (which I felt was due to him as my minister), " he was disposed to treat it as unworthy of notice; but I insisted that if not for his own sake, at least for the sake of his church and congregation, he was bound to vindicate himself from such as- persions. Mr Nish then said that he would in- vestigate the charge carefully, and if he found it to be correct, he would adopt the necessary stops to publicly vindicate his character." Bigotry murders religion, to frighton fools with her ghost. 