OOICEBT OF TUB ©I»l?lJtElJ» -waiow. ... This society is to be greatly commonacu tor tho steady perflstency with whioh it has addrensed itself to tho cultivation of a special branch of the musical art. It cxcout.B with Iho highest skill, that particular clans of compositions -which )b inlenuoil to demonRtrato more especially tho oombinod power, of humnu voices, whoro individuality ia not merRO.1 ia that gcnoinl blend- log which constitutos cimrun. ouvuiuukiccs madrlguls, nnd the like; The concert, on Mob day night, was doBervedly Bucoeaaful, and this association cannot come loo frequently before tho pub'°' raovixoun ' Baliaahat.— Tho pcrlormnnccs at tho Royal on Tuesday wore under tho pntronnge ol Jib) hxcellcncy 8ir Henry Barkly, tho programme being ''Evcryboily'B Frlfnd,' nnd ' Founded on Facts ;' in both of which Mr. Uoakius appeared. Tho thontro wjs clcuad on Wednesday to nfT-rd nn opportunity of a night rehearsal of ' tha Ghost.' On Thursday was prodnced 'The Dream Spectre ; or, th« Legend of tho Sleeper's Shrifl,' introducing Professor Pepper's spectral Illusion. Bendioo. — The Campbell Minstrels have boon playing during tho week at the Lyceum. CA3TI.emai.se.— The B'ndigo dramatia com pany, including McesM. Yinson, Cox, Howoll, Kobert, Noble, and Hill, togothor with Misi Kate 'Wardo and Mrs. Flill, have appeared in n ferios of atock melodramas nud farces Juring the past week. Cbeswiojc.— In nplto of tho ruia pouring down iu torrents ou Friday ovcnlng (siya the Slar Creswick correspondent;, the amatear psr forminars nt tho Lyceum Theatre, on behalf of tho Creswiok Dhtrirt Ilospitnl, woro vory well patronised, tho receipts beiig £30 10s The performances commenced with the eomedy of 'Tho BlackSbeep,' in which Mias Kate O'Reil'y appeared as Ethel 5Iayn«ril, Miss Annio Hill as Lndy Barbican, Mm. Lnwrouco as Mrs. Lester. Mr. Mnciy us Bunny, Mr. Peacock as Jacob Mortmain, Mr. M'Klnnon as Herbert Lester, Mr. H. Williams as Shorter, Mr. G. Mooro as Sir Dijrby Ilnidpaco, nnd Mr. J. P. Smith ns SiiiithoH. In tlie faroo of 'Sarah's Young Man,' which followed, Mis? Kate friMlly appeared ns Sarah Tihbs, Mis. Lawrenco na Mrs. Moggetldge, Mies Annte Hill nB Arnminta, Mr. H. Williams ns Sloeleaf, Mr. M'Coll as Fielding, a'ld Mr. J. F. Smith us Moggeridgo. Both pieces wero vory successful, and appeared to please tho audicucc, which tostiflod its satisfaction loudly, and at tbo conclusion of each pieco called for the principal clnvncters and vehemently applauded them. The Juvenile Vulunteor Bund was pormittod by Captaiu Dowling to attend, nnd, led by Mr. Murray, uddoJ to tho ovening's amusement. Geblono.— Tho Royal wflfl opened on Monday lost, when n company of nui.iteur» performed a now piece entitled ' The 1'alsO Friend,' followed by a fare;. Tho lnuse was but thinly attended. Majorca.— Mndnino Durct took her benefit on Monday last, at tho Prince of 'Wales Theatro, whon the tragic drama of ' Luoretia Borgia' was played. On Tuesiny Mr. C. Wardo appeared na Don Cnr.ar do linzsn, and Mr. Dolllold as Paddy Ryan. Mr. Lo Roy, tho manager, announced his benefit for list night. HI B«--HS, B,.»MK«HJ.'J; Burton's Cibcus —This troupe of eques trians has been newly organiscil, anil will shortly ninka nthirtcunth tour through tho provinces. Mr. Kiciurd Younok will takn a benefit, on Monday next, U the H.iyunrket, under the patronago of the Caledonian Society, when ' Bonnio Dundee' will be tho chief attraction: 