ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS, (FROM THE SPECTATOR) The power and independence of the press, have long formed a stock subject for after dinner toasts and speeches. The ampol ranks of journalism from a political or an reduce ... - fiona! point of view is fully recognized by all parties, but comparatively few are aware of the influential part played as master of the 1 ceremonies and priest of Hymen by the cheap -' literary papers which are spawned on Satur- days. Not a few of these ephemeral produc- tions appear to enjoy a character approaching to oracular omniscience. They are the worthy successors of the " wise man," the gipsy and the astrologer, and are consulted in confidence and with salt on questions the most varied t and momentous. The assurance of the oracle fully responds to the reverent credulity of the gaping multitude, standing un- covered in the Court of the Gentiles " '1 his one receives instructions in photography that one in hair-curling. Another is taught how to calculate the velocity of sound, and a fourth to prepare invisible ink or elderberry wine. disquisitions on the value of coins are succeeded by legal opinions, while "James" is recommended to use hot water us a foments (ion for bruises and the whitlow. A colour \- on cats gives place to a violent tirade against the adulteration of bread, and an assay on nervous affections is followed by a recipe for , Mowing beefsteaks.' The discovery of America and the origin of horse-racing are treated as. a. succinctly as the use of the Round Towers of Ireland and the first manufacture of blankets One editor is learned on the subject of deeds tion, another on hair dye, while a third gives a simple prescription for the removal of scurf. The growth of the heard furnishes matter for a paragraph, as do also the hub matron of swallows and the true colour of grass £250' -i 110.- construction of a Uleidosejpa, difficulty of breathing, administering a bath to a bird, the advantages and disadvantages of alcohol, are mixed up with advice to an Unprejudiced englishman" to study life and history and learn to be civil! and with a mild reproof to "Baibtra" for reviling the leg topped pragmatical puppies in the use- set. with horrid away beards, as being deficient in the elements of the heroic. " Is there " she despairingly asks, a John Halifax in real life'?' Whereupon Sir Oracle" indignantly exclaims-" Stud', fudge, bosh, humbug, cant, Duncombe, and sick list in -. bug, cant, Duncombe, and pickles ! Do you know what these polite interjections mean 'Barbara?' They mean that you are a little green silly girl; that those very ' funny bearded puppies,' as we well know, fought like heroes at Lucknow, Delhi, Cawnpore, or in the Crimea; that they nursed each other at Scutari; sent \- they love some one with tenderness and have human prayerful hearts: that they oft and work while others play and sleep; that a thousand bccrinolined, pork-pie hatred, by a dizzened, cheny- bonneted shes are now down. at the sea-side enjoying health and pleasure, nay, even deceiving and cheating those very pragmatical puppies, old and young, who are toiling to support them." Then AYouaj Lady'; asks how she is to treat a young man that is in the habit of visiting at Curious, who has frequently annoyed me by stepping on my foot. The " young man's" awkwardness excites the editorial fire to the highest degree, and the fair sufferer is counselled to acquaint her parents is with his insulting conduct "Your father ought to turn him out of the house." "'Desdemona" and her anony mousloverhaving quarrelled about a trifler anxious to make up their little difference, but neither likes to own bring in the wrong. In this strait, the damsel consults the oracle, and is peremptorily commanded to " cast aside all nonsensical '1 woh't-spoak-first notions,' an t frankly confess the inistekoshehas made" By way of encouragement, the promise is had out of the swain doing likewise, and that "all will go on smoothly until the next row." Two young maidens, " Alice " and " Daisy whose handwriting is very fair-are warne 1 never to " permit gentlemen to be on such familiar terms with them as walking out ' implies, without the full approbation of their guardians and counsellors ;" so, also, " Lucy " is instructed, in writing to a stranger, to address him as "Sir" "Dear Sir would be too familiar. Poor " Lisette," who issu florin from a school-girl attachment, learns that her present folly will be remembered in after Mrs. milled-?? --<\- -' ' life " with a modest blush at her untutored I weakness." A volatile disposition, however, excusable in a very young girl, continues her monitor somewhat irrelevantly, at a more advanced period should be jealously watched, if not altogether suppressed, for there is an uni cb difference between gaiety and giddi- ness as there is between a soothing, gentle gale, and a succession of fitful gusts, which only disturb the dust on the road to cast it into the eyes of the wayfarers." " Maria," too, is taught that " it is certainly improper to dance more than twice consecu- tively with the same gentleman, unless he by an engaged lover ; while " D. C. A. is a prized of the impropriety of offering his arm to any married lady of his acquaintance whom he may happen to meet in the street, and proposing to " escort her on her way :" and to " John Sadler'' is administered a sharp rap on the knuckles. " A jealous wife," his tutor acquiescing remarks, " is, no doubt, a very unpleasant thing, but, he adds, "we suspect very shrewdly that you have give I your wife cause for jealousy" in the same > spirit two budding beauties are gently re- buked with the assurance that the best way to prevent the young men looking for them is not to look in return-or in the first instance " In other words, modesty, strain ; manners, and an avoidance of show or peculiarity in dress are the woman's arrested fence against annoyance." There is nothing,', it will be seen, to reprehend on the part of the conductors of these cheap literary omnibuses. If they do not display any great intimacy with the usages of polite society, they are at. least thoroughly respectable and conventional. But what manner of people he they who are i address themselves to the editors of two farthing illustrated journals for advice on social and domestic matters? An ma Imp thou art my father and my mother," they OF claim, clinging to the skirts of a Saturday ephemeris. Have they no parents, no guardians, no sedate and experienced friends ' But far more anomalous than anything we had. no cause uiiomaiouB than anything we have yet noticed is the evidently bond's' anxiety to obtain a consort through the medium of a halfpenny journal. No doubt they have heard matrimony spoken of as a lottery until they have come to regard it seriously in that light. Or what 11 still more probable, these youthful immigrants into the frozen regions of London life yearn for companionship and the comforts of a home. For them there is no social inter- course. All day long, from morn to dewy eve, they are staying at the desk on the counter, and then, under the morbid excitement of physical lassitude, they betake themselves to music-halls and easiness, for the perusal of an impossible roman se, combines; love, murder, abduction, and ghost-walking. The advertisers, as a rule, are pitiably young, and for that reason charmingly disinterested. Very rarely, indeed, do they ask for money, though they frankly avow their own mean and position in life. The Welcome Gua'. and the Halfpenny Journal appear to be the Urim and Thummim of nature nial inquirers. A fair aspirant for the magic ring, signing herself "Those Tyrrel," seems to have turned the heads of a host often Charles. What may have been the peculiar character of her attractions we are not able to state, as they were set forth in an earlier in inner than we have ever had the happiness t > \- purchase. One of her admirers describes tim. sofas five feet seven inches, twenty-seven years of age, fair complexion, a tradesman who will one day be in better circu instance." Another "hastily per annum, derived 'from property; is a sportsman, and considered an eligible match all, inclined to be stout, and I considered very handsome." A third is "a romantic young Irishman 'w<mti.(iT««ii" romantic young Irishman, twenty-five years of age, five feet ten inches, fair hair and complexion, and dark brown eyes: is in niGj> vernment situation of £90 per annum. With an annual increase which will extend if in time to £300. Heis.likeallhiscountrymen.de voted to the fair sex, but wishes to be to Miss Rose only, if she will allow him that happy ness." Yet another is " of a cheerful dispose desire."' For the most part the ladies have s nothing to offer but good- looks, an office tionate heart, and great amiability ; lb. it; "Clemence Mary " is"ladylikoand respectably connected, her parents possessing fiindedjSiu I landed property and "Ada," who is beside a. " pretty, tall, black hair, dark eyes, (too I teeth, small hands and feet, accomplished 1, of good family, will have a small fortune at". her marriage." A non pareille, styling herself-'" " I/Inconuue"-no relation, we trust, to Ano- name," is sought after, not only by an ofí 11 * who -had served under Garibaldi, but! by "lionel," who thus addresses the fair Jim known:- J Lionel presents his compliments to 'IiIn- coming' who, he thinks, will suit him, jun wishes to know if she will object to a court ship of a few years, to give him time to clean. the sowing of his wild oats before he softly s ,-*lown-intothe exemplary husband, upon the -principle that a ' referred like milk it is; 1 J test husband.' He is five feet six inches" his { fair hair and blue eyes, and is not considered by his friends of either sex as very ugly.' . Though rather fast himself, does not object j to' Ii'Inconnuo'being so, is of the same age I tie herself, and possesses most of the accom . plishments mentioned, and has already had it me little experience in les affaires de cour. . Lionel has good connexions, find is the son of a captain in the Guards, and will, it is ox rected, enter the army himself in a few years. He will feel highly honoured to her lions L'Inconnue at the post-office, Parson's Green, Fulham." This, however, is a singular instance of pelt in>8 and coxcombs. Answers to previous advertisements are usually serious and busi- ness-like so business- like, indeed, that a second name is occasionally mentioned in case the first should not be eligible. Thus, "Wiliam Henry" wishes to correspond with " Bessie ;" but, " should Bessie' be engaged, would be glad to hear from Isa,' " " G. E. is also " desirous of becoming acquainted with 'Bessie;' but, should 'Bessie' be engaged, he would be happy to correspond with some ! other young lady, with a view to matrimony." I " A Bachelor" is of a sentimental turn, and I would gladly unite with 'Corn Horton' in cheering the declining days of her widowed I wonder' untaught by experience, "A Young i Widow" is again ready to become the slave, if I not the genius, of the ring, "She is twenty 1 one, well-educated, and domestic, tall, dark hair and eyes, and a Grecian contour of face : , is amiable and affectionate." '* H right Eye, asks for a heart she could call her own," and has no objection to its balancing in the meantime to a gallant volunteer." "Letitia" i is " in want of some one to love in this wide world of sorrow though her nose is turned up, she fancies she could make a good wife. "Annie Hartley" is not particular. She would like to be intruding too T Won. «.-.._,-\\. __iu4vi^j JO line inuHIHIHI, one would like to be introduced to C. Manchester,' or some other gentlemanly man of j about thirty, who is steady and kind- hearted, and endowed with a moderate share of good sense." "Phoebe," again, has no money, I hut is quite sure she could make a happy , Ierne." Would "Cora Hamilton" do so? I She claims to be "witty," "Minnie," too, I is passionately fond of music and poetry, but is in no great hurry to change her name;. j as she would prefer two or three years courtship from a gentleman a little older than herself." Caleb's in search of a wife, as he so i pears in these comical columns, generally describes himself as a Government officer with £100 to 2200 a year. Sometimes he is a bewildered an architect occasional a trades- man, and now and then a gentleman of independent property, which means £1.200 a year and "a nice furnished country residence." Music, good temper, and a loving heart, with a modicum of beauty, are what they ask in return, The majority of these advertisements we fully believe to be quite genuine and actions. Why, then, does not Mr. E. T. Smith, or some other speculative individual, open a Matrimonial Gallery-or, rather, two galleries -one for ladies and the other for gentlemen? The walls would be hung with the portraits of the hymeneal candidates, while full de- scriptions would he entered in a register, not so he consulted without the payment of a fee. It might be a successful speculation. THE BANK PAPER ROBBERY. Some very extraordinary proceedings have come to light in reference to the robbery of the bank paper from the mills, and the subsequent attempts at forgery, and also the circumstances under which the detection of the prisoners took place, which, in a matter of such grave in i entrance to the public interests, will doubtless be read with interest. There appears to be no doubt that for a very considerable period a " plant," ositistermed, was madeuponthemills by the professional bank-note forgers, with a view to get possession of some of the genuine note paper, and it may be stated that one of the principal difficulties that has stood in the way of these persons putting forged notes into circulation has been the paper, a spurious note being detected almost instantly by any one acquainted with the matter by the difference exhibited in the touch and substance of the paper, and it was thought that if this could once be overcome forgery might be carried on to an almost unlimited extent. In reference to this subject, it may be taken as a positive fact that one of the persons now in custody is known to have expressed his opinion, after the genuine paper had been obtained possession of that a forged note might be taken to the Bank of England and gold obtained for it over the counter. Every endeavour, therefore, was made by the gang to effect this object, and from inquiries that have been made, there appears to be no doubt that, for a very long period, extending over several months, schemes of all sorts were resorted to with a view to tempt some of the workmen employed about the works to betray their trust, and, unhappily, at length these proceedings were successful, and the long-wished-for ' agreement arrived when the parties found themselves in possession of the genuine bank-note paper, which they believed would enable them to become the possessors of boundless wealth. It appears, how ever, that the gang were very cool and cau- tions in their proceedings, and although they had succeeded in the object they had so long contemplated, nothing was done precipitately, but they set about deliberately to make all the necessary arrangements for a grand coup. It may be stated that Bank of England notes are all engraved upon a different de- scription of paper, a certain description Rumour employed for one, another description for JCIO, another for £60 notes, and so on, and, before Anything was done the forgers resolved upon having a full supply of each kind of paper, so that the "business" might be done in a regular and systematic manner, and it is quite certain that the genuine bank-note paper was in their possession for a considerable time before any attempts were made to printing. 1 notes upon it, and it is probably owing to this great caution on their part that a nine is greater amount of mischief was not effected, for owing to the delay in the operations of the gang very few notes were printed on the genuine paper and through the activity of the police and the energetic steps taken by the officials of the Bank of England, the whole affair was discovered before the extensive system of forgery contemplated could be carried out. It would not be prudent to state the circumstances which led to the discovery of the proceedings that had taken place between the forgers and the persons employed at the paper- mills, hut immediately the discovery of the robbery took place it was palpable to the officers employed that some one engaged upon the premises must have abused his trust ; but the difficulty was" to obtain a clue in the right direction. The detectives, however, by the mines some years ui.M.-.-1-v-.B, received, by me most persevering inquiries, nndadeteiminationnot to be raffled, at length obtained information which led to the apprehension of the boy Brown, and when he found that he had no chance of escape, and that the officers were in possession of information upon all his proceedings, he expressed his readiness to make a clean breast of it, and from this time the officers had a, comparatively easy task to perform, although, from the wily character of the offenders they had to deal with, a good deal remained to be done, and much caution was necessary to be < employed before full success could be hoped to be obtained. The robbery having, to a certain extent, been settled, the next step was to endeavour to trace out the parties who were guilty of the more serious offence of forgery, several forged notes, principally £10 and JEo, «Egravedupon a portion of the Btolenbanlc pal or, having by this time come into tliclBanlc of England, and the inquiries made by the detectives speedily led them to Burning line, where the man Griffiths was taken into custody. This man appears to be an extraordinary character. It will be remembered that when he was taken he was found in the act of engraving forged Bank of England notes, and when he saw that the game was up, he freely admitted his guilt, at the same time stating that he had been engaged in the of are nefarious pursuit for a period of seventeen years. It will hardly be credited that the ostensible occupation of this prisoner was that of a farmer, and he occupied a knoll Yarra a few miles from Birmiri¡rhn.Tn where all form a few miles from Birmingham, where all his forging operations were carried on and, although the detective officers of Britain's ham, who are probably as shrewd as any men of their class, entertained some suspicion as to the nature of his proceedings, it would, seem that they did not consider there was sufficient to justify them in interfering with him until the present occasion.-Etpress.'SoY. 13. SoifDEN DEATH OF A PAUPER, HEIRESS TO £30,000. Last evening an inquest took place before Dr. Lancaster, the coroner, at the Elephant and Castle, King's-road, Camden town, on the body of Jane Kell, aged seventy once, an inmate of St. Pancras Workhouse It was shown in evidence that the deceased went out of the workhouse on Saturday to spend the day with a friend, and on her return in the evening she was seized with an apoplectic fit in St. Pancras road, and died instantly. Dr. Suthciin, of Aldenham-ten ace, promptly attended, and had the body removed to the MI ish deadhouse. It was further shown that deceased expected to have shortly come into poFfwrion of JE80,000,and the interest upon. 11 a same since 1720. The jury returned a verdict of " Death from natural cems." vEx first, Nov. 6. oz 