PASSAGE OF THE HAMLET'S GHOST. The subjoined report of the passage of the Hamlet's Ghost, schooner, from Bennett's Whaling Station, on the Chesterfield Islands, in latitude 19 deg, 58 min. S., and longitude 158 deg. 28 min. E., was furnished to us by her captain and owner, Mr. C. J. Bennett:- Wednesday, June 17.-At noon she left the sta- tion, in company with the barque Offley, Robinson, master, of Hobart Town, six weeks out, all well. He desired me to report him, and from him I received every kindness that the case demanded, he giving me charts, clothes, a compass, preserved meats, &c.;, I having lost everything in the schooner except two chronometers and a quadrant. From Captain Wybrow, of the Bonnie Doon, I received yams and preserved meats, and was also heartily cheered by both crews, and which was as heartily answered by the crew of the Hamlet's Ghost. The assistance rendered to me by the two vessels I am truly thankful for, and shall often think of it with pleasure. We had steady breezes from E.S.E. and S.E., and fine weather. Thursday, June 18.-Steady breezes from S.E., and fine weather. Steering to the S. and W., for Wreck Reef, in company with the barque Offley, she having kindly offered her company and assis- tance as far as Wreck Reef, which was eagerly accepted, as the boat was making a little water. Latitude at noon, 21 deg. 22 min. S.; longitude, 157 deg. 5 min E. Friday, June 19.-At 4 p.m. Wreck Reef bore S.W. true 70 min.; steady breeze and fine wea- ther. 9 p.m., light N. E. winds; midnight, ditto.. At 4 a.m., light N.E. and showers; at 6 a.m., Wreck Reef; bore W.S.W. 35 min.; at 8 a.m , light N.N.E. wind ; parted company with Offley, At noon, latitude by observation, 22 deg. 7 min. S.; longitude, 156 deg. 5 min. 15 sec. E. Saturday, June 20.-Light winds and variable, principally S.S.W. At 6 p.m. spoke the brig Victoria, Hennestalk, master; 6 weeks out; clean ; had tea on board of her; and obtained a few can- dies and two tins of preserved meat; he told me that the brig Amherst and barque Caernarvon, and several American vessels, were to the south- ward ; we parted company from him, and stood to S.W. Winds light, and veering to the SE.: midnight puffy, and heavy rain ; lightning, S.E : shortened sail. At 4 p.m., fresh breezes from S.E., and showers, with heavy sea. At noon - lat., obs., 22 deg. 26 min. S.; long., 155 deg. 54 min. 30 sec. E.; squally ; S.S.W. winds, and heavy sea. Sunday, June 21. - Light variable winds. Schooner working to the S.S.W. Lat., obs., 22 deg. 40 min. S. ; long., 156 deg. 17 min. 15 sec. E. Monday, June 22.-Fresh breezes S.S.W., and fine; noon to 4 p.m., steady and fine; midnight, puffy, and lightning from S.E. and S.; at 4 a.m., nasty cross sea on, tacked to W., winds light and variable; at 8 a.m., barque Eliza, of New Bedford, Devoule, master, in sight; exchanged colors ; was boarded by him, and supplied with water, pork, and some oil; desired me to report him 32 months out, with 1000 barrels of sperm, and last from Monganui, N.Z. At noon, latitude, by observa- tion, 23 deg. 30 min. S.; longitude, 156 deg. 30 min. E. Tuesday, June 23.-Found a strong set to the N.E., winds light and variable ; latter part fresh breezes S.E. and S.S.E., heavy sea. Schooner standing to the S. and W.; latter part of the day puffy and variable, lightning to the S. and S.E. Latitude, 24 deg. 16 min. S.; longitude, 155 deg. 53 min. 45 sec. E. Wednesday, June 24.-Puffy and variable; nasty sea on ; schooner standing to the S. and W.; latter part squally and heavy rain. At noon, squalls, very sudden calms, and heavy rain: no sights ; no meridian altitude. Course and distance from yesterday at noon, 116 miles S., 31 W. Thursday, June 25.-Light and variable, princi- pally N. and N.N.E. At 4 p.m. backed to N.N.E.: heavy rain, everything and everybody wet and miserably cold, and very dirty-looklng weather ; at.6 p.m., puffy from N.E., and clear; midnight, fine breezes, but variable; at 4 a.m., strong breeze, N.E., and fine; at 5 a.m., sighted Moreton Light, bearing W.S.W.; at 8 a.m. Moreton Light bore W: ¼N., 15 miles; at noon, steady breeze, and fine - lat., by obs., 27 deg. 26 min. S. ; Stradbroke, N.E. point; bore W.S.W. Friday, June 26.-Light winds, and fine. At 5 p.m., Point Danger bore W. by N. ½N., Mount Warning bore S.S.W. ¾W. winds light and variable ; at 8 p.m., puffy from S.S.W., and heavy sea, shortened sail and stood to the S. and E.; at 4 p.m., same weather and every appearance of a dirty S.W. wind, rain all night; at 8 a.m., a grey dingy appearance to the S..S.W., schooner stand- ing in for the land : at noon, close in with the land; Mount Warning S.S.W, Point Danger W. by S.; bore up for Moreton Light; blowing strong from S S.W. Saturday, June 27.-Blowing heavy from S.S.W.; 6 p.m., more moderate ; at 9.30 p m., anchored under Moreton light in 5 fathoms, light bearing east; at 1 a.m., heavy squalls and rain from S.W.; let go the second anchor. At 4 a.m., same weather; at 8 a.m., weather squally and showers ; at 11 a.m., got under way and worked into the bay, came to in 8 fathoms close to W. bank red buoy, pilot station - bore E. ¾mile ; at 7 p.m., moderate and clear, wind W.S.W., sun set clear, hard-looking horizon. Note.-In working into the bay the pilot boat was running out. He crossed my stern and asked me if I wanted a pilot; I told him no, but that I had a ship- wrecked crew and wanted assistance. He very likely did not understand me as he waved me to tack and go towards the pilot station. I did so. After standing to the westward a little longer the pilot boat went towards Moreton light; a ship followed her out. A little while after, before dark, the pilot boat got back to her moor- ings before she came round the beacon point; I had a large whiff at the mainmast head to attract his attention, thinking, of course, that he would send a boat off, but no boat came. At 1 a.m. the boat parted her chain, it blowing strong at the time from S.W. and a strong ebb setting out; made sail on the boat and stood to the west, under a balance-reef mainsail and reefed staysail; hoisted a light and kept it burning, thinking again a boat would come off. The light at the Pilot Station was out but no boat came off. At 2 a.m., wore round and stood for what I supposed to be the pilot boat's light, intending to let go the anchor close to her and run a line to her to hold on to her until morning; I ran the boat with all confidence, but was terribly disappointed to find myself close in with the beacon light on the point. Rounded the boat to and let go the anchor, and found the anchor would not hold, there being too much tide. Managed to save her from going on shore by getting her head to the westward. Again running the sails up and cutting the anchor adrift kept under way, tacking to and fro. A daylight made sail; at 8 a.m.. hoisted the ensign, union down. The pilot boat came out some time after and lowered his boat and came alongside with Mr. How. I told him I had lost both my anchors and wanted the loan of one, some firewood, a little tea and sugar, and some beef. I told him I expected him or some one off last night, that I had a whiff up before he came round the point, also a light after I broke adrift. His answer to me was that he did not see it, but that they intended and were pre- paring to come this morning. He said he would go up with me to Brisbane, and also get an anchor for me. He went back to the boat and obtained the articles all but the anchor, and came on board. We kept under way all night, and in the morning, June 29th, were tacking to and fro under Mud Island ; at high tide crossed the bar; and at 10 p.m. made fast alongside. Mr. Campbell's wharf, and was very thankful for it. Had the light at the pilot schooner been burning, or had a boat come off to me after the pilot boat got to her moorings, I should most likely have saved my anchors. The words, "a shipwrecked crew," in answer to the pilot boat's question, was quite enough, I should think, to induce any man with a grain of humanity to have sent a boat to me, after bringing the pilot boat to her moorings. Who is to blame is not for me to say, I leave that for abler hands than mine. 