THEATRICALS AND MUSIC TMEITIIE ROY At. Tho Bret part of Shslrapeare'a ' Henry IV.' iras produced lust (Saturday night, snd it wat Epcoinli»ed hy tho circumstanco at Mr. Sullivan nppcmng in the character of Ful&tMT.; Public curiosity bad been not a littJo excited on the announcement that the east included this arrange ment, for even thosn who devoutly believed in Mr. Sullivan's sufficiency in ports presumably belonging to tho lice in which lie is best known, scarcely nllowcd themselves to bellevo that the fat knight of ninny vioca was likely to present (he beat opportnnity for txhitlng his powers. They were, however, not a little mistaken In their catlinate of them. They had probably forgotten that whero there tints a broad basis of intelligence, thcic is frequently (efficient room to construct upon it works which, though tboy may differ largely from encli other, in epecifio qualities, are sot unconnected by gencricsimilarl tics. The to la rc&Uy; no reason why tho conditions which aro essential to the complete production of the mulancholy prlnco should not be ollowod to operate in producing their effect in the form of even no different a creation at Falatuff. If Suak'pearo could conceive characters so appa rently remotely allied, it is not impossible that tetors may bo found, capable of impersonating them. At any rate, the (acts arc present to de monstrate- the possibility of this boiap; so, to some extent, and tho very excellent representation Mr. Sullivan gavo of this very difficult character is at onco a proof of hi] own talent and of the truth of this present theory. His make-up wa8 in tho highe-t degree artistio and tbousr.li somo exception might bo taken to the details of cos tume, the general effect of it vr&3 such as to ennblo the spectator to realise, without any trouble, tbo idea thus palpably embodied. Tho points of tho character were studiously attended to. They were given with all tho traditional exprCbiiveilO33, of nocoaslty belonging to them, and they were further invested with tlio tcocssory fotco arising from an intelligent perception of their intimate qualities. Tho clinra-iter, in fact, wasBUStnined consistent'?. Tfioro w.19 none of Hut fitlul uncertainty, that intermitting excellence, which ii oamciiraes por coived in dclinentions of exceptional parts, snch no this. Tho character had been studied na a whole. I la attributes bad been subjected to separate examination. Its essence had boon determined, and the production of a Bucrcsaful result was, therefore, something very far boyond what now nnd then comes aboat from an ex tremely hnppy guow at the requirements of ouch partH. The cotrardioe ot the man was seen to bo i» part of tlint extreme i;elf- conioiousneS8, /which forms, indeed, tho Bnb-atratutn of the character. His vonity appeared to bo oqually due to this ciusc, nnd his (rlultony and love of sack camo niturally as tffeots from 5 common cause. With aU thiji, tho intense humour of die part was novor lost sight of. Tho poltrnouery might bo stupendous, but the wit was in proportion. The sonsuilism might bo a kind of passion, but it was constantly aocom ianied by such cenuiuo outbursts of comicality, tlial that vlco scorned hardly a vice which was qualified by luch » large amount ol pleasant and* divortins: qualitlen. The audience was compelled to like the man with all his faults, »ad hii error* were pardoned as readily In the tangible form ot b Btago presentation at they Invariably are when ShaVspoaro is road, and Falataff comes only as a crtntura of tho imagination. Such a rcsnlt of course could not be accomplished aave by tb« exercise ol a very high degree of histrionic tkill, and it is nut * little npon which to be able to congratulate oneself that in Mr. Sullivan we prosscBs no ector who dovotes himself to tho r.ocompliclimcnt of his tesk» with a high enthusi asm And with such a largo amount of careful nnd judidoiis'disccrnment. Nor Ishis judgmontlcssto do commended far the general completeness of the whole play, than for his own individual excellence in a eluglfl character. His power of disciplining tho forces at his command is something moro than tho ordinaiy tact of a clercr raanngir. ITo succeeds in infusing into each member of h's company some of bis own enthusiasm. There is thus a crmmon purpoeo evident, tending to U10 neomplishment of one rosult. The subordinate parts n ro sustained wi-h at least as much cate as that which distinguishes the principal one, and (ho feeling of comfort the consciousness of thh completeness oreatcs in tha mind of tho spcctitor, has a most beneficial effect. For their is nothing moro damaging to tho success of nny play than the apprehension on tho part of the audience that eoino liiti'li or contretemps may occur calculated to impair tho general efluct. It in in tho rccollcolion of everybody how palpably this truth was demonstrated when first Mr. Sullivan camo among us. He was not less tho excellent notor then, than he is now, but Ihc company with, which it was his ill fortune to bo associated wa9, with somo notable exception?, perhaps tho moat inefficient that ever assembled togctbor on the stage of thhtboatrc; and though, recnrdcl in tho light of a burlcsquo, tho performances might be infinitely diverting, they wero not of a nature cither to do honour to Shakspcarc, or to exhibit Mr. Sullivan's powers in the most favour able light, And thus thcro was an opportunity, for those who were indisposed to do him justice, to ottributo tho ill success, which characterised come of the performances to Mr. Sullivan's lack of ability to do them justice. Hut now tbo ense is altered. We hive a company to which nobody can take exception — that is to say, if miything liko a just and reasonable estimate i3 made of their capabilities. Thus, therefore the progress 0/ piece3 is now marked by smoothness and ovenness ; or if Eorac unluckr recruit occasionally forgcW bimsclf, or his part, ha Is forthwith sout to Coventry hy the manage ment with all proper humi.iation. It is hence precisely what might bo expected, that Mr. Fitzgerald's Prince Hal was exccllont at all points. Ho was the gentlcmnn, the courtior, ami thekine'saon,nocw!tlistandinghowastli3 associate of rogues and robber*, and in the lubitnal practice of ontting parses and frequenting low taverns. This is not an essy task to accomplish. Such a pnrt may be casiiy enough rendered coarse, rude, and vulgar, or, on tho other hind, it m»y bo made stiff, unmeaning, and unnaturally dignified. That a proper amount cf dignity is to ho preserved ia a ninttcr beyond quostion, but it is a dignity that ought to shino through the surfaoe, -5not from it. The .Priuco is only masking alter nil. JJ13 trus Bvmpalhies aro with his kingly dulioa, but the caprice of hU disposition impe's him into extravagances, which hiB better judgment con tinu»lly condemns, and this impression Mr. Fitzgerald was not unsuccessful in convejing to the mind of the audience. Hij rcpntation will be uclvanced not a little by the very careful way in which he plays this part, and he will deservedly establish himself in the good opinion o! the Melbourne thoatre-goin? public, whldi i3 not slow to aclmowledJC merit when presented to it with all the proper reasons for its good opinion. Mr. Heir's Hotspur was, in liko manner, of a highly painstaking character. But Mr. Heir spoils a good deal of what he doos by a habit ho hw acquired of uttering too quickly the conclidlng words of Bome of his eontcuces. Itisafan't, however, bo does not always commit. It is most obvious wh»n ho la required to exhibit 'any amount of emotion or energy. Tho ronuding off of perlodi need not be considorci an unnecessary condition for proper elocutionary effect, even when much physical or mental force is required/ Indeed tho advice which Hamlet gives to tho players, that a smoothness aboule1 be observable even in tbo Very whirlwind of passion, may well be remem bered, even at this day, when wo profeas to bavo improved bo much. Mr. Heir is so excellent an actor, and does so many things more than onlinarily well, that it iin source of considerable rccrot when this peculiarity stands in tba way of the cimplolo effect which he is ablo to produce: Mr. Ireland, as King Honry, waa properly regal and dignified. Mr. Harwood, ns the Karl of Worcejicr, was ominently reepeetablo, as a noble man of inch renown should bo ; nnd Mr. Charles Young, as Bardolph, was 10 ado up with unsurpassable nrtistio coirectncss. Tho female characters are of email couscqaor.ee in this pUy, nnd they offer but little opportunity for making an impression. Nevertheless, they were in excellent hands, and so far as they cou'd hi Kiadc to tell upon the audience, Mrs. Heir and Mrs. Phillips invested them with the re quired amount of - lituictivcness. AH the rest of th; parts were, ns we have said, smoothly and uniformly represented, nnd bonce it is omall marvel that tho piece has been playing during the week to cxcellont homes. Tbo Qbosts have not lost their popularity, and Mr. Ireland Iim niphtly u«iui*»uM luviu nun au cAUavlUUiluj JlUlUUIlV Ol heroism and determination. 1'RIKCESS IBEAXIK, A new piece, that is to say a piece Briid to be new, has been given during tho week at this theatre. It is entitled 'Tho Poor of Melbourne,' and it professes to represent eomo of the distress winch came about from the failure of the Provi dent Institute. Itboarsureieinblnnce, however. to more than one pieca which haa been given in this cily, and perhaps the fairost opinion that can be pronounced upon it ib tosay that it is n compilation from several Bources, not unskilfully arranged, and with a sufficient amount of locil material to give on original appearance. Cortainly it need not of necessity bo tortuod, ' The Poor of Mol boHrne.' Poverty, in fact, ia not a principal element in it. It is rather a delineation of roguery than of poverty, snd tho rascally banker nnd hla olork are undoubtedly moro prominent characters than the people who havd been vic timised. Nevertheless, it is far from bnW -h« least excellent of the pieces that have been glren in Molbourno of late, and as it is got up with some e-nre -.n the part of tho management, to givs It the impreu of local resemblance, it is bj far dt-Berving of commendation. The story is an old one, and it ia not constructed with any novel surroundings. It is t imply that of a duhoneat banker swindling some honest people, and even tually coming to grief through the Instrumen tality of hiJ olerk, who had been privy to his dishonesty. The particular act of delinquency in this inetanco is the taking of a sum of nine .uwuwuu jiuuuud, trmiu ill iiiu c&puClTy; 01 monngerof a moribund bank, and in fraudulently appropriating it to his own use, the defrauded individual dying of apoplexy on the dUcovery of Ills loss, and the receipt for the money being tikcn out of the dead man's pocket, to ai to deprive his family of any means of ascertaining tho mode in whieli he had disposed of his hird earncd wealth. All this occurs in Liverpool, and it comprises the substance of tbs first not. Aot the second opens in Molbourno, at a period fifteen years beyond that of the death of tbo depositor, and tho unlawful appropriation of. his money. Tho thief is supposed to bs a banker in this city, and of course [his vlctiroi ? ?c hero also iu great distress. Hera, also, is the olork who knows of the banker's rogacry, and he practises upon hit fears, with tbo Intention of working liim to his own propor advantago. But the banker is not casiiy overroached, And Mr. Clerk is mat to prison for appropriating a bottle of braudy from Mr. Banker's chefionier. On coming out of prison, however, the disagreeable application ia renowed, and tho object of Mr. Carrier— for that is the banker's name— is to got from the vagabond olerk the receipt, which is the only evidence of his roguery. For this purposo bo drugs bis liquor with morphia, or soms equally composlug tnombcrof the mnteria medica. In tho hope of getting It from him, and fall', of course. Finally, Mr. Carrier goes lo prison in company with tiro members of tho po'ico force, and his daughter, an nmbilioaa young lady who has been making strenuous efforts to get a hus band to her mind, by meani of her fatboi's ill gotten monoy, comes to grief along with hor piront. The good people of tbo play do not appear to be disposed of with proper poetical justice, for It is not quite olear that tboy recover any portion of the niuo thousand ponndJ. Per haps the binkor's assets are considerable, and tbo receipt la avsilable, and bo the good young lady is not entirely portionless when aho got* back her old lover, who bad nearly been inveigled by tho bankei'd daughter. Tlio onu cbaraoler of Interest in tbo piece is the vagabond olerk, who, in the hands of llr. Fawoctr, was, as may bo sup. Eosod, amusing enough. The other characters avo really no Bpecial draiaalio interest, and though they were dono fair justico to, they could not possibly make a vory profound impression upon the audienoo. It is a circumstance of more than ordinary import, however, to bo able to chroniclo tbo produotiou ol a piece, even ostensibly original, and wo trust tnii li only one of many more that ahull, in all respects be worthy to be so desoribed. The burle?quo of 'Lord Jiiteiupn' has been played during tho wcofc, and, as always is the caso, has gona batter and better in proportion m prnctlea hai familiarited the eonipuny with the words. BVTAI. JHATfMA.WK.Br. Mr. Ilicbard Younge'* benefit took placo on Monday night, and Mr. Falroner'» pl»y o ' Bonnie Dundee' tignoliBOd the occasion vthich was further mado raemorablo by the perform ances being under the. patronage of the Cale donian Sooloty. BALLAinAT ? ' Biyinond and Arum, or the Bleeding Nun of Lindenberg' has setvod to introduce the ghost complications to tho people of Ballnnrnt. Dhndigo.— Mr. Henry Julian tt»U made Ins first «ppc»rance on Bcndigoon Monday evening. Mr. Hull is annonnrcd in tho bills as the ' Great Dramatic Polyphoniat.' CabtLBSAink.— Tho BendiRO Star Company performed before n very good hoaseunSatiiT 'ay; on Monday tho Campbell Minstrels went on with the running. Daylkspobd.— Mad»me Dnret and her com pany commenced a fix night's engagement on koriday, at the llcyal, lato Musio Hall. Amongst the troupe are Mr. LeRoy, Mr. C. Wardo, Mr. Wirran, and-Alr. F. Belllold. ' Ghelono.— Tho Gho«t has been 'carrying on' during tho veek at tho 'pivot,' under tho superiotondance of Mr. Hydes. Iholewood. — Tl.c Boarded' Lady bado faro well to her Inglowood frio&ds;, at tha Adolphi hotel, on Sntun'ny Ia»t. : ; MAJoncA. — The se»s»n clnaci on Saturday . night, with ' J»ck SheppM-d.' . CUJLOJfXAli. ADHr.AirtE.— (From the Observer, 6th Sep tember )— On Mocd»y cvonlng, ' Belphegor' was brought out at tho Victoria Thoitre. Mr. Charles Sillun, in this dramn, put forth all bis powers in t',e impersonation of the principal character. 1 a somo ol tho tnoro impassioned scutes, in which tile intento affection of tha husband anil tlio father struggle with all the frenzy of disappointment, desertion, contempt, and destitution, Ur. Dillon gave ovidencrs of hia fckill as nn actor in rousing into activity the sympathies of tlio audience, ns evinced by their frequent plnuditE. And though tho 'judicious' could but 'grieve' to observo occasional strain iner for iurro effect, the charactir w»s, on tho whole, admirably susUincd. Mrs. Dillon, as Mndolinc, was effective nnd natural in look and gesture; and, with somo manifest violations of propriety, which it rcqniros no 'sjurrilous critic' *io point out, the drama reflected grot credit iipon the compnny, and will well bear repetition. The evening's entertainment was concludi d with Shakepoare's ' Taming of tho Shrew,' oompressod into two ocls. There wns n good attendance. The play of 'Louts XI-' was produced on Thursday evening. There was a good atteudanco in the boxes, and a fair nutnbpr in tho other parts of the bouse. DunkDiN.— (From tho Olago Timrs, 31st August )— Again^thero was a capital houso nt Princess Theatro on Saturday evoninpr ; nnd tho Chihly Minstrels, at the end of their third week's tojoiirn in Dnnedin, must have formed a very different o'tlmntc of Danodin and its residents from that with which they cloted thtir second wcolc in our midst. Tho pro gramme was tba same on on Thursday and Friday. The 'Btump speech,' by Mr. Leslie, was receivtd with more than usuol favour; ani tbo burlopquo of Bartino's trapeze performance caused roirs of laughter. Mr. Norton frivournd the auiliencs with a greater variety of 'stops' than ha ordinarily introdncea in tho American Jig; and ho was rewarded withsovoral ronr.ds of applonsc. This ovening thero is to be a Ircsh preg.inimo and the barlnsqae opera wil be founded on the ' Bohemian Girl.' SiDXxr.— (From last Saturday's liell't Life.) — M . EJmund Falooncr's Irish drama of 'Tho Piiup o' D*y,' abounding in plcturesquo and (onmtionni cffiols, hsa been tho piece de rciUl ance during the past week, introducing that old favourite, Air. Joseph Bimmons, in the doublo cajtac'ty of 6toj;e manager, and pcrsanator of that ' broth of a boy,' Burney O'Toole. Hin efforts in tbo former department, efficiently Mded by the scenic cu*ort3 of Messrs. Ilabbio and Biruury, were productive of great public gratifioition, wlnl« his appearance en ccsnt was warmly ereotoi. The piece, which bore evidenco on the iir=t night of too hasty production, hai Improved on repetition, and is adequatoly played through out, Mrs. C. Poolo, Warnor, and Bnrford belnpr ospobially noticeable Mr.A.pplctonwasietnarkftb!y effective as Stophon Purccll, thouga the part was eomewhat out of his ' lino of business,' and the HMO may bo justly said of Mrs. C. Jnnca in the ungrateful and inappropriate part of Molthce. A hurlcfquo entitled 'The Willow Pattern Plato' was produced oa Thursday, and. thoujh enorgjiically acted by all concerned (especially Uurfiml, Howard, and Applcton) failed to im press the audieDCo as a ' good pices of Chinn.' We were almost forgetting to mention tho striking moonlight eflect introduced ia tho ' Peup o' JJ»y' in the great sensation scene. It Is novel, effcclivo, and exceedingly piclurosquo and, as 'coming ovonts cast their shadow befpie,' we are justified in laying that this effect is onu of the ingredient j (for want of n better teim) of tho great ' Ghost Illnsion,' which Is to be pie.-cnted to tho public at this establishment on Mondny utglit and da.lDg the ensuing week, and which, even iu wonder-teeming Lou Ion. is considerod to be one of (ho most wonderful dis coveries ever mado in tho eclenco of optics. It is the j -int production of ff. Dirks, Esn.,M.S.C.E., and Profetsor Pepper, Esq., of the Koyal Poly technic Institution, London, who, inconsequen'co of its iininente cucccss aud consequent value, have got a patent for it, and under their autho rity it his bcon already produced, with Immenss success, by Mr. Pitt, ia Victoria, and now, under the eama auspices, it is to ha produced horo. We have no doubt that crowded houses will amply ropay tho spirited Wco for the great outlay involved in the introduction, to the Sydney public, of one of the greatest scientific marvcla of this scientifically marvellous age. 